oo '' lowe " rio bravo " original screenplay by . Jules furthman leigh brackett =~ 2/26/58 . Armada produc tion '' ~~ , eee cas ? and credrr cast and credit oo , ' Warner bros . picture present John Wayne as : John T , chance . Dean Martin as dude ricky Nelson — as Colorado '' angle dicteinson . as , feather ' walter brennan nas , stumpy ow . Ward bond as : Pat wheeler in Howard hawkst " rio br AV of . . techni ceior ( ) . - with : John Russell as . nathen burdette pedro gonzalez - . : : . gonzalez ' as carlos estelita rodriguez as consuela Claude akin ; as : Joe burdette malcolm atterbury as Jake Harry carey , Jr , - as harold Bob steele . as Matt herris ed and produce by Howard hawk muatc compose and conduct by play by Jules furthmen and dimitr tlomkin &h brackett crigtna : sengss - short story by B , H. mccampbell Music by dimitry ticmkin : or of photography rus sell harlan , ° lyric by Paul Francis websten oc , : costume design by marjorie Zest testor Leo K. kuter makeup supervisor Gordon bau , sma , - ~ molmar blangst . a.c.e , Assistant direstor pay ) relmick shart be Lee : set decorator Ralph S. hurst 's '' fot Armada - predue tion . ere 7a8e daatroy previously issue cast & cradiss ) v0 ce " rio bravo " final 2/26/58 a. cast of character sast_of character JOHN T , chance . 60 leeeeeeeeces colorado . `s eee es ecececeesecscenas stumpys oe ee eee eeeeeecceccnesseneee carlo 6 00 . e eee eeee eee caee have - joe burdette ++... see. eece cee eoeene '' nathan burdette ........0....0. , , , , par wheeler eee eee eee , tare eee eee ee eee ec eceeeesee cone baton eee es eeeeeecsescsasccences matt harris ... eee , the sheriff of Rio bravo chance 's friend and former de - puty , one - time legendary gunman who for two year have be the town 3 now in a tine of stress he be chance 's deputy once more , . a young gunhand on he first read job as guard to a wagon - train ; fast with a gun , but modest and determine to stay out of trovdle , a girl who have learn a lot about life in she twenty - rour year ; good-look , good-heart , & sense of humor , chance 's other deputy and friend , old man with a the mexican hotel keeper , and a friend of chance 'ts , , his beautiful young mexican wife , a arrogant , wanton killer , Joe 's older brother , a powerful rancher bent on protect he black - sheep brother , the boss ofa wagon -train , and a friend of chance 's ; middle - age , tough and capable but no gune fighter , a old stagecoach driver , mexican piano bravo seloon , the bartender in the Rio bravo saloon , player in the Rio a mexican doy , nine or ten year old , who Plays the drum for eral , : Nathan burdette 's chief gunhand , , ( continued ) " rio bravo " 26/58 final 2/26 / cast of character ( cont . ) see character bert eee ees ee esse le eve eceseceeee the town undertaker , leader of burdette's rider ...... 0 a professional gunman , gunmen ose eee ee eee eceeeecee tough professional hire by Nathan burdette , sever : ed aracter 2 . 3. 4 5 . " rio bravo " | , change final 6/17/58 fade in int , rio bravo saroon a , night ( this and follow scene be play without dialogue , with only musical accompeniment anda sound effect , title and eredit will be show over the action . ) shot of joe burdette drink at the bar , then a shot of ths room , a border - tow , saioon , with man at the bar and table , two mexican , raton and jose , play they . instrument in the eorner , dude come in through the back . door , he be in bad shape , need a drink , he start across the room . a man bump into he , push he aside , dude get to the bar , ee watch Joe take a drink , dude 's mouth water . Joe loos at he , then pour himseir another drink and drink it while dude watch , smiling , Joe take out &@ coin and toss it into a spittoon . he watch to see what dude will do , dude go to the spittoon , int . rio bravo SALOON . , nigh '' shot of dude ag he reach for the spittcon , a boot foot come into scene and kick the spittoon away . dude look upe int ... rio bravo SALOON . nigh . shot from dude 's peoav , of JOHN T. chance , the sherirr , he . _ wear @ sheriff 's star on he vest and carry a rifle , but int , rio bravo SALOON night chance turn away from dude toward Joe , but dude , in a burst of anger at chance !s interference , grab a chair and swing it . it hit chance alongside the head and he fall , tmock out , dude look down at he , he realize what he have do and drop the chair , he go for Joe . but two man grab he and hold he arm , Joe , grin , hit he two or three time in the stomach , ' the man let go of dude and he sag against the bar . Joe finish he drink , walk to the door and go out , - . , ext , STREET night Joe atart to wali dowm the street from the Rio bravo saloon . he be weaving slightly , look for more trouble , we follow he as he walk , a man see he come and hastily get out of he way . as Joe pass a cantina a man come out and bumpa into he , Joe snarl and knock he back through the swinging door , he walk on . at a corner he see a hexican woman walk across the stroet . she have a shawl over she head , hide she face . he follow she and grab she , laugh - & 7 8 . 9 . 10 . " rio bravo " : 2/26/58 pinal 2. 5 ( cont . ) . ing , and pull the shawl off . he see that she be not young snd he push she contemptuously away . he walk on down the Street . ext . STREET reverse angle night inf.g a middle - age man who carry no gun be sit on the edge of the raise sidewalk , smoking . a dog lie neer he on the sidewalk , sleep . in deg. Joe be come sowerd they . he keep come , and stumble on ¢he sleep dog , ext . STREET night Joe kick the dog as it spring up . the dog snarl . Joe laugh and pull he gun . the middle - age man have get up . he move toward Joe to protect he dog , and Joe stop laugh - ing . he shoot , and the man fall . Joe stand over the body , look around . then he holster he gun and walk avsy . he ~ '' cross the street and walic back up the other side , while behind he people look out of doorway . Joe go into a cantina , from which we hear a guitar and a Spanish soug . int . cantina night the singer and he guitar fall silent . mexican patron of the cantina scatter out of Joe 's way . he go to the bar and the bartender pour he a drink . ha start to drink it , see the bartender stare over he shoulder , and turd . int . cantina night chance stand inside the door . he be hatless , bleed from a@ cut on the forehead , his rifle be levell on Joe . int . cantina night Joe , he hand poise , stare into the muzzle of chance 's gin as he approach . he do not dare to draw . but sud - denly several of the man from the Rio bravo saloon come in . they be behind chance and to one side . some of they hove they gun out , there be a tense moment , and then dude come in behind the man . he grab a gun from a man 's holster , and now dude and chance have the man between they they drop they gun , then turn and go out . Joe make @ sudden =ove to go for he gun and chance hit he with the rifle barrel , clubbing he down . chance and dude look at each other . then chance grip Joe by the collar and start to drag he cut . dissolve to : il . 12 . 13 . 16 . 17 . " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 3. | ' ext . valley day this be southwestern terrain --- a narrow river valley between rocky cliff , with a wind line of dusty cottonwood marie ing the river bed . a train of a dozen or so big freight '' wagon , with a chuckwagon and -a remuda of extra horse , be strung out along the valley road , Riding at the head of the train be wheeler , the wagon doss , and " colorado " ryan , the guerd --- a young gunhand on he first big job . apart from the wagon train there be no sound or movement in the valley but the wind , and there be a brood , ominous quality in the atmosphere , as though the wagon train be move toward some - dramatic encounter , suddenly Colorado touch wheeler 's : shoulder and point to the cliff on he right .. ext . valley : day on a broad ledge of the cliff @ solitary horseman sit motionless , watch the valley . - ext . valley . . day Colorado and wheeler look at the horseman , then look around , feel that there be something wrong . but there be no one else in sight and the man make no menace move . ' the wagon continue on they Way e ext . valley day farther along the valley , as the wagon train move on . Colorado and . wheeler be watchful , presently they react , look at something o.s . ext . valley day Dramatic '' view of another rider silhouett against the sky - line , atop the cliff on the opposite side of the valley . like the first one , he make no move , but merely watch they . - ext . valley : day Colorado and wheeler look at each other , convinced that some= thing strange be go on . the driver be uneasy . the wagon train go on . ext . valley day long shot from elirr top , with the ridor in f.g. and the wagon train small and recede in the valley below . the rider turn in he saddlo and lift he rifle hick aww +> hand not thawea the oe ' 7 ~ 436 , 19 . 20 .- ~~ no pinal " rio bravo " 2/26/58 . oe ext . valley / day a third horseman on the cliff watch the wagon train approach in the valley below . he lift he arm and bring it down ina sweep gesture . ext . valley uo day Colorado and wheeler , at the head of the wagon train , observe this . suddenly , as though in answer to the signal , six armed man ride out from a clump of tree soma cisteance ahead of the wegon and come to intercept they . wheeler lift he arm in @ signal to healt and the wagon stop . ( credit will run over the above action . ) ext . valley day the leader of the rider hold up he hand as he approach , . he and he man have make no over move and wheeler gesture to Colorado , caution he to hold he fire . the leader tide up . he 'is a hardelook go , a professional gunman . so. be the rider , . leader : do not . make any trouble and there wontt be any . this be not a hold - up . of what be it then ? leader : you go into Rio bravo ? we be on the road , be not we ? where would we be go ? leader : . you figure on go right through or stop over ? wheeler : what 's it to you ? you get no right stop we , leader : this be burdette range you be on , ' wheeler : I know that . one of the horseman have be edging behind Colorado and wheeler , : pram ween " rio bravo " - " a /e6/se final 5 ~~ 20 ( cont . ) el . colorado : . . ( to horseman ) if you can not keep that horse still I can help you . the man drop back . leader : : ( to wheeler ) you be not answer my question . colorado : you want to answer he , Mr. wheeler ? : wheeler : it aintt worth a fight . colorado : that 's up to you , Mr. wheeler . : . ( to leader ) : : we be stop over night , just like wetve be do the last three year . now whatt this all about ? leader : . we just get order to ask , that 's all . : colorado : who 's give this order ? leader : ( nodd at wheeler ) he know the burdettes , colorado : ' I be -ask you . what 's you name ? colorado : that part of you order , too ? Harris shrug and ride away down the line of wagon as we dissolve to : ext . edge of town . day the wagon train be approach Rio bravo . - at one side of the road be Boot Hill Cemetery . boyond it toward town we see a man on horseback wait in the middis of the road . Tho wagon train pass Boot Hill and near the waitine mon '' . oo 21 ( cont . ) " rio bravo " 2/26/38 final 6. rough barn here at the side of the road . the bern have a yard in front of it with tree and a horse -trough . , from the road there be a clear view right down the main street of Rio bravo , but the barnyard be so place that it be hide from the . viewpoint of anyone look toward it from the sow . the man sit he horse in the middle of the road be the dude . the dude wear a star , a sheriff 's deputy . he be a small man , almost frail - look . at one time he name have be a legend on the Texas 's border . they have talk of he speed with a gun of he deceptive mild manner , of he friendship with the . sheriff , John T. chance . but that be the past . now for twp year dude have be on the bottle , two year as the town drunk . he wear a batter hat , rag clothes , run-down boot . he be unshtven and very close to the shake . but for the time be , under stress , he be sober and desperately ‘efficient . wheeler ride up to he , but dude speak first . dude : hello , Mr. wheeler . just keep you wagon move --- tell you man to stay with them till they be tell different . wheeler : : what be all this ? who the hell be you , order I around ? first the burdettes , and now --- - ( lean closer , peer at dude ) say --- it seem like I ought to know you , at that . dude : i- think you do , Mr. wheeler . '' wheeler : I remember now . you have I mix up , wear that star , ai not you the one the mexican eall borrachin ? . dude : . that 's nearly right , only it 's borrachon . , wheeler : well , this be the first time I have ever see you like this , dude : : you mean sober ? you be probably right . you know what borrachon mean ? . wheeler : my Spanish be not so good . dude : it mean drunk . if the name bother you , they -use to call I dude . now do you tell you . man or do I ? : om 22. oe 23 .- ~~ ~~ a 21 ( cont . 2 ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 7. wheeler : t'1l tell ‘om . , ee ride back down the line of wagon give order to he ext . edge of town | Day as the wagon move on , a funeral procession come out from _ town , head toward Boot Hill . the hearse be - precede by juanito , a mexican boy who thump a slow beat on a mexican or indian stretch - hide drum . a few mourner follow behind . the funeral and the wagon-train pass each other in the road , wheeler , Colorado , and the wagon - driver take off they shat as the hearse go by . the wagon continue into town . ext . STREET day on one side of the street be the jail , a strongly 's build adobe structure with bar window . across the street from it be . the kio . bravo SALOON . the townspeople show by they action that they be nervous and expect trouble . as the lead wagon come up the street John T. chance , the sheriff , walk to the middie of the street , carry a rifle . . wheeler ride . to meet he . : wheeler '' hey , chance --- what the devil 's go on ? everybody stop we . I wish --- chance : hold you wagon where they be , Pat . tell you man to stay with tem . . ( engrily ) you , too ? what be this ? I be not go to tell anybody anything till somebody tell I what 's go on . I have have enough of this . chance smile and hold up he own hand to stop the wagon . wheeler : : look , chance --- remember I ? Pat wheeler , you old friend ? you get no call to act like this with I . ( angrily ) : everybody stop I , give I order , ~ nobody tell I anything . . chance : better slow down or you will bust , pat. 23 ( go . ) '' rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 8. . wheeler : well , what 's happen ? it start two hour out of town , burdette 's man stop I , ask a lot of fool question --- I do not like it , I still do not like it , and I do not know - -- chance : . you better get use to it . you will get it again when you go to leave . : wheeler : tai not go back that way . I be go on to Salt Springs . have . chance : they will be watch that road , tooe wheeler ; woy ? will you just tell I ? why will they be watch ? | . dude : . ( riding up , speak sharply ) : chance , get out of the middle of ths street . chance : ina ' minute , dude . dude 3 right now . chance move aside toward the jail and dude ride to the wagon again . wheeler = ( as he follow chance ) oh , ‘hell , I give up . do not tell I . I like wander around in a fog , it 's just what I be use to . it make I feel so good . chance : stop talk , and I 'l ] tell you . we have get Joe burdette in here . whe : 2 ° . ( startle ) . in jail ? Joe burdette ? Nathan 's brother ? chance : that 's right . . wheeler :° what for ? ( cont titfn ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final se 23 ( cont . 1 ) . chance : - they be about to bury the reason as you - be come in . wheeler : murder ? . chance : no other name for it . wheeler '' no wonder thing be in a mess , what do Nathan say about it ? : . . ghance : nothing . he 's not talk , just do . you see part of it . he 's bottled up this town so I can not get Joe out or any help in . he 's get man watch the jail so I can™ make a move without he know it . : wheeler : if ever I see ea man hold a bull by the tail you be it . who have you get help you ? chance : you have see half of tem . wheeler : wheat ? you mean the fellow that stop I and - one other ? who ? chance : stumpy 's the other one . he 's watch Joe and guard the jail . wheeler : a old man with a game leg and the town drunk — that all you have get ? . chance : that 's what I have get .. dude ride up . dude : ( to - chance ) what do you want to do about this outfit ? shall we take they gun ? chance : ( to wheeler ) . you get any new man with you , Pat ? wheeler : ( point to Colorado ) on 23 ( cont . 2 ) , I be riding guard . " RTO bravo " 2/26/58 . 10 . final - chance : where do you sign he on ? wheeler : beginning of the trip in Fort Worth . chance : what 's he do ? colorado : I speak English , sheriff , if you want to ask moe . chance : all right . what do you do ? colorado : chance : kinda young , ere not you ? wheeler : . I know he father in Colorado . the old man be good with a gin . ths kid 's a little faster . chance : . he - better be if he 's go to keep pack a pair of gun . wheeler : I will vouch for he , chance . colorado : if it 's the two gun that bother you , mis let you have one of ‘em ( glance at the jail window ) or you can have both . they would not do I too much good . that fellow in the window 's ( chance , surprised , also look at the window , where a.shotgun barrel show ) get a shotgun on I . ' side , I do not want to make trouble . chance : ( smile ) you can keep you gun , Colorado . and if you do not want trouble do not start any . colorado : I win !t=n- lesstn I tell you first . ( continued ) 23 ( cont . 3 ) " rio bravo " - 2/26/58 final - il . chance : ( to wheeler ) all right , Pat . put you wagon in the corral behind the hotel . ( doubtfully ) theat be not so good , chance . chance : why ? wheeler : part of we loed be fuel oil and dynamite . the way thing look around this town , it might not be smart to put it right by the hotel . dude : take ‘em to that open space near burdette 's warehouse . if they be go to blow that 's as ' good a place as anye chance : go ahead , Pat . wheeler go off with the wagon . chance and dude be to - - gether --- chance look at he , dude be twitchy , he hand '' unsteady . . dude : I guess I better get back out there and watch . the road . chance : you do not look so good . dude : and I feel worse . I be go to stop and get a beer before I go . chance : I think . you would . I get some inside . dude dismount and they go into the jail . int . jail day the office occupy the front of the building and contain a desk , chair , a gunrack against one wall . in the center of the back wall a heavy bar door open into a corricor which give access to the cell in the rear of the building . as chance and dude come in , stumpy --- a tough -look , cheerful old go with a game - leg --- turn from the window where he have be stand with a shotgun . chance speak : to he rather _ sharply . o~ ®rio bravo " " 2/26/58 12. pinal ( cont . ) 2 : chance : : stumpy , I think I tell you to stay out of . sight . stumpy : . . there you go . — — never can please you .e I be just cover you in case there be any trouble . chance : ( get beer froma shelf ) . : I would be in a lot more trouble if somebody pick you off while you be show yourself in that window . ( give the beer to dude , who take it .as a starve man take food ) . stumpy : . you would the in trouble , what about I if somebody gun I ? do not you think of I ? . ( to dude ) dude , we might just as well get use to it . this. man only think about himself . chance : just for that you be go to stay back in there and keep the door lock . do you fix that window ? . . stompy : ( go down the corridor ) look at them - -- nail up tight . nothint could get in , not even a breath of fresh air . sheriff , . you be go to change my life . five , six day breathe the same air as a man like Joe burdette be liable to make a killer out of I . can not help it . ( louder , to Joe o.s . ) you kin hear I , can not you , Joe ? 25 . int . cell corridor day the coll corridor at the rear of the jail . two small window .in' the outer wall have be board up . there be three cell , two empty and the center one contain Joe burdette , a arrogant unlikable young man whose face show the mark of recent blow . . joe : - i.hear you all right , but I will not have to listen for very long . stumpy : : ( come into coll corridor ) that 's gratitude for you after I fix up all you cut and bruiso . TI hone thownte - -- = + oo C '' rio bravo " 2/26/58 _ final 13. 25 ( cont . ) . . : stumpy : ( cont . ) . ( sheke he head ) ~ ' no , that 's wrong , Joe , if and there be a next time I will still do it but I will hope there will be more cut to fix . . joe : ocall to dude o.s. ) . hey , dude ~ -- come here , . . {as dude come into corridor ) why do not you sit in place of he ? ' I would rether listen to a drunk then he . how you hold up , borrachon ? get the shake yet ? that beer will not do you no good , you will be need some - thing more than that . if you be still break , - ( goss through he pocket ) I think I get another dollar here --- Joe duck as dude throw the beer bottle at he head . it - shatter on the bar , splash the remain of its content over Joe . dude come to the ber and grab they as chance come into the corridor behind he . . " chance : ( to dude ) . I will give you the key any time you want ‘em . dude : : it would be tec easy . he have not get anybody to back he up . ( turn away ) chance : ( to stumpy ) stumpy , if he talk out of turn throw e pail ‘of water on he . ( follow dude ) stumpy : I will throw another on he bed - and let he sleep in it , : 26 , int. jail day as chance and dud come into the front office . chance ts watch dude , who be still white with anger . " ghance : . : want another beer ? you kind of waste some . of_that last one . : dude : ( laugh suddenly ) it be not waste . tt 4 - 3 # 7 . 's ' -o~ 26 ( co : 276 28. " rio bravo " of26/s6 final rite ) . chance look as though this incident have teach he something about dude. that he will remember . then something o.s. outside in the street catch he ey . he pick up he rifle and go fast to one window ; dude see this and go to the other one , draw he gun . ext . STREET , day a man walk rather hesitantly toward the jail , earry a package under he arm . when he get about ten foot away dude speak through the window . . no dude : . that 's far enough . what do you want ? man : ( stop , hold up the packege ) mister wheeler tell I toe bring this .to the sheriff . '' int . jail : day as dude look curdiously at chance . dude : be you look for a package ? chance : ( remember ) it 's something carlos order for he wife . ( to man out side ) , stay where you be . we will be right out . ( call stumpy ) stumpy , I be go over to the hotel for a few minute . stumpy : ( look around the corner at the end of the corridor ) if you do not come back , Joe and I will have a good cry . chance open the door and go out while dude cover he from the window . . ext . STREET day - chance , on the porch of the jail , look up and down the street . - . . : chance : ( to dude o.s. inside ) okay , dude . ( continued ) " RTO bravo " 2/26/58 final 2626/5 29 ( cont . ) " dude come out and lock the door while chance cover he . then chance nod to the man , who come up and hand he the package . . chance : thanks for the trouble . : , man : : no trouble at all , sheriff , wheeler just tell I to be careful come up . he go away fast , glad to get out of there . dude unhitch he horse , look around . we see a man loung on the : '' porch of the Rio bravo saloon , smoking , apparently casual , ~ but watch they . . : dude : we friend be still on the job . . . chance : there 's another one over by the church , - he join dude and they start to walk toward the hotel , dude lead he horse , both of they watchful , look not at each other as they talk but at the street , the building --- what . ' one miss the other one will see and be ready for , : - dwe : any use in arrest ‘em ? chance : for stand around ? they would just get another and the jail would not hold tem aalle -- matter of | fact , I think they would like to get . a few in jail ---. go remember that , - . dude : yeah . ' ( pause - -- they walk a little farther ) how come wheeler give you the package instead of carlos ? . - chance : oo tt 's consuela 's birthday present . he be efraid she would see it . — : dude : Fine time to be run errand , chance : ran one for you this noon --- lunch . , do you eat any of it ? - , dude : . I have kind of get out of the habit of eat . ( get on he horse beside the hotel step } jn : : pm 29 ( cont .2 ) ° ag " rio brayon . 2/26/58 . _ pinal 26 , : '' : will : you ought to get some thing ©n you stomach , that 's not hard --- 1 '' juse doesn 's stay be very long , be ride off as chance , with he back 8ainst the wa hotel , watch he go down the street , see tha safely , now 'a decent look fellow , who carry no nce , : : some of 's we feel we ought . ton . man : look like you conlg use some help , . ch . . then you would just be a man I would have to look after and take care or , @ ppreciate it ang you can d after you do that a would n'¢ talk about it no more in case some . body hear you ang bet the wrong idea , be go into the hotel , 0 . int . horey , a Day the downstaing main room or the hote2 , wit a ha t one side ang most of the 's uple by a bar ana Pace oce * pm 30 ( cont , ) k stairway stair lead to the upper floor , " rio bravo " 2/26/58 '' final - 3426 / ds a door with the sign , dine room , there be man at the ber ana some of the table play card , carlo , the mexican hotel keeper , meet chance ag he come in , . on™ consuela , message fori . ( see the packaga ) what you have there ? : : chance : the Package you have bean wait for , 8 it to he ) . carlo : just in time . of ( consuela ts voice sound 0.8. and he shove the Package back at chance ) no , no , no , you keep , consuela she come now , you keep . ~ : consuelats voice : & pretty mexican 8irl , com da from dining room , ello , just ask carlos ir he 's ... ( look at carlos ) carlos , what be wrong ? you look like the -cat who swallow the chicken , what have you be do ? . : carlo ; : what have be do : I tary , to my frieng the sheriff , that be what be have be do , ie have impor tant business , and you say I look h , no , no , consuela , please do not say more , lready you have say too much , my friend and . I will make we business alone , come , ' senor , ' he follow chance up the stair with great dignity , leave consuela stare , : . ad . int , hall ( contronmeny om 32 ( cont . ) al 32 . , " rio bravo ' 2/26/68 final - : 36 '' 5 , chance : you take chance , my friend , because I know womans . she wiiz be mad or she will be sorry . if a¢ be mad it will be much pleasure to make right . if it be so 's it will be the same pleasure , you , you do not have the woman , so you do not know . T carlos remonte - .. T know ... wait t1122 I show you what . be in this backage - -. then tell I I ao not know about women} so : _int . chance' room Day a typical western hotel room of the period . as chance eng carlos come in carlos bushes the door to --- it do not quite he to town would have know and it 4s not the sort of thing consuela would like to have know by everyon - — . ( lift a pair of sheer lace panty from the Package ) look , you see ? ah -h ! this be ali tight . be they not beautiful ? can you make the- picture how she wlll look ? __ change : you sure you want I the do that ? no , no , do not make the picture , be 1s best forme to do it fhold the panty up in front of '' , admire they ) feather ;- cc . ' ( sharply ) . what be you do here ? 32 ( cont . ) " rio bravo " . - 2/26/58 final 19 , . : feather ; just look . . . ( leok at the panty ) : they have great possibility , but not for you , chance : it ask you why you be here , : peat : 3 oh. I be after a towel , I would iixe to take @ bath , " chance : do not you come in on the ' stage ? " feather ; that 's right , chance : why be not you on it ? : _ feather ; whoever hear of a stage have a bathroom ? carlo : ' ( contritely ) I forget --. T start to tell you and I forget , stage she do not go . chance : why ? carlo : something happen to the wheel . chance : where 's Jake ? . carlo : down in the corral . he must fix the wheel before he can leave , look very grim , chance go out , 's feather ; ( as he go ) sherirr , you forget you pant , carlo : they be not he , senorita - .- they be mine , mean - -- they be & present for my wife , ( continued ) rc 32 ( cont .2 ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 36 ° / : feather : . well , I be glad we get that settle , y're very nice . she should be please , ( take tower from rack by washstand ) all right ir T take this ? ( go out ) n33 . ext . conpar Day the corral and stable be behind the hotel . the stagecoach be in . the - one of wheel , ‘of the ' chance stage , jake , the griver , be look at the wheel as come up , chan what happen , Jake 2 . chance : how long will it take to fix it ? jake : well --- make some new spoke -- fit tom in --. sweat the band back om --- all night . we will not get out ti11 morning , qlook at chance ) 4s it on account of that letter to the us. marshal you give I ? . , chance ; '' not much doubt , jake ; well , they get one extra day but that 's al2 , I be boing to sleep in this coach with the ' mail sack for a pillow , chance : : one more day will not make ' too much difference , continued ) -~ " rio bravo " | 2/26/58 21. . final . 33 ( cont , ) . jake : we will get out in the morni and you letter !] &et to the marshal , or some - body 's boing to catch hell , chance : thanks , Jake , . ( leave ) fade we , _ fade in / . 3h. int . jail . nichr the shake , he go to the window and look out --- we see a dude : you figure they will try anything tonight ? @ good indian fighter - -- do not underrate he , but F do not figure too much ! ] ) 7 happen t 111 he come in to see how we be set up , es I wish heta come , . chance : go a bear ? dude ; t™ full or it . doesntt do much good , stumfy ; tt will take -a noid in 'a day or two , do not worry , - chance : . stumpy , we be go to take a look around , you be all right ? stumpy ; sure I 'l ] be all - rizht , . ( gue insiae and lock door ) : do not see why you want to leave a nice warm — jail . when you 's come back , holler ' fore you open the door - .. i1 m ifable to blast just for the hell of it , 3h ( cont . ) 35 . " rio bravo " — 2/26/58 - final 22 , chance : we will holler , : chance and dude stop at the door and look out at the street , : dude : you get a particular reason for . go out ? chance :* I would rather have a chance to see what 's come than to sit here end wait till it come . I can not take just sit around , dude : you mean you see I could not take it , - : chance : . . do not set yourseif up as be so special . dude : yes , papa , they go out , ex ? , STREET | night chance cover dude while he lock the jail door . the street be quiet . the wing be blow . 7 . chance : you take that side , urn ac zg talk to a man out side --- chance come to a corner and recoil , startle and ready to shoot , until . he see that the approach - ing form be only a big roll tumbleweed , then in a small building chance 's hear some thing --- someone be lurking inside , without light . ee stop . dude see he beckon and join he , chance : someone in there -.- dude nod and ' go around to the back . chance give '' he a moment , then go in the front door , he rifle ready . 37.6 . 38 , " rio bravo 2/26/58 '' final | . ee 19 '' int , SMALL build , night a small abandon building --- the back door vanish corpletely , a@ few rag and stick of break furniture . as chance and dude make they dramatic entrance from front and rear , key up for action , a small burro look at they mildly , too philosophical to be startle by anything . a chicken be roosting on the burro 's back . — y stop short , look at the burro and then at each other , both of they rather shake - by the whole business , chance : . half way down the street I be think | about _ stumpy 's nice warm jail , : dude : next time do not be in such a hurry to get we out of it . I could use that beer now , they leave , ext . STREET : : night shance.and dude go into the hotel , girl feather . chance and dude go to one end of the bar where they can watch the room , and dude speak to the bar . . tender who uoue . away to draw a Glass of beer , chance and dude look over the room , carlos , who have see they , take the beer from the bartender ang bring it himself , look worrt . he give dude the beer and speak to chance , there ia no one - close enough to overhear , : carlo : chance , it be very bad , chance ; whatts wrong ? carlo : ' you friend senor wheeler . he be a good friend and he wish good for you , so he talk . he talk to people - she say why do not they help you , that you should have help . he be right , but it 4s not good to say such thing to the wrong people , _ ( continued ) . " rio bravo " | 3/26/s8 ~~ of - final | . of o '' 38 ( cont . ) chance : a thanks , carlos , he cross to the table where wheeler ig play and speak ' ' to he , : ! . . chance : : can I see you a minute ? wheeler : ( throw down he card : '' and get up ) , : : deal I out , , . ( follew char e--- they return - to - the bar where dude be drink . - ing he beer ) . chance , I want to talk to you , . chance : you have be talk too much , Pat , ' _- wheeler : what do you mean I -. . chance : look , Pat .. anybody who take side with I be liable to find himself up to he ear in trouble , : sure , . wheeler : : be that why you have not ask for deputy ? you could get some , : chance : a few , . wheeler : and what ebout I and my driver ? : chance : . suppose I get tem . what would T have ? some weli-mean amateur , most of ' tem worry about wife and kid , burdettet get thirty to forty man , all professional and only worried about earning they pey . no , pate. all I would give tem woula be a lot more mark to Joe burdette 's not worth it . he be not worth one of that thatig get kill . wheeler : what be you go to do ? ald you get be that '' old fellow down at the jai1 and seco ts " rio bravo - 2/26/58 : final — 25 . 38 ( cont .2 ) ~~ , . dude : . borrachon be the name , Mr. wheeler , I ‘li : b© outside so you can talk more freely . . ( he go ) chance : that be not e0od , Pat , . wheeler : I 'm.sorry , dut I be just too use to fall over that guy . never see he on he foot before with . out he have something to hold he up . call to carlos , at the poker table in b.g. where feather be play , a man , man : hey , carlos ... .( as carlos come up ) get we & new deck , will you ? ( hand he old ona ) I be not have any luck with this one , chance : how long you deen come here ? wheeler : two year , close to three , chance : if you would come through here four year ago you would not have fall over he . dude be go . he be my deputy --- best man with a gun T ever work with , . . wheeler ; that 's hard to believe . what . chance : a girl . just a girl that come through on the stage . she be ro good but you could not teil - itry it and he damned near . kill I , she . that 's when the mexican start Calling he borrachon , that 's Spanish foree . a wheeler ; T know . he to1g I , chance : : I do what 1 could . try everything , noth -_ ing work and I do not think anything ever wanld # 449 inne a. '' ~~ 38 ( cont . 2 ) " rio bravo " " afe6 / se 's pinal . 22 15 wheeler : wheat be so special about last night ? : chance : '' Joe burdette , the fellow wetve get in jail , throw a doliar in a spittoon , dude want a drink , that be Joe 's way of ghive he one , I could not take that . when I try to stop 1 '' dude hit I over the head with a chair , wheeler : . he be bole after Joe ? chance : : no , after I . 1 do not know whether he do it because I see he go for the @ollar or because he want the drink so bad . 1 have not ask he . . wheeler : liquor sure do funny thing . chance : yeah . anyway , I be out . TI do not see at , but they tell I dude think he would kill I . start after Joe as the cause of it all . he get a beat from Joe while Joe 's friend hold he . wheeler : _ what about the kill ? Joe no start out mean , look for trouble . ' he find it . a little peaceful guy . when I arrest he some of the burdette crowd try to : take he away , first thing I know dude be back I up just like he use to . we put Joe in jail , stumpy - ~- wel2 , . stumpy 's be help I ) he declare himselr in , anyway , that 's the story , in case you be interested dude have not have anything but deer since , wheeler : how long do you think .that '11 last ? chance : T do not know . I be just hope , wheeler ; I be a friend or yours , too . why not swear I in ? chance : _ you be not good enough , wheeler : : well , I be not so bad . I coulg -.. ( contt nitem " rio bravo " . : 2/26/58 8 ( . 5 final 27 . cont .3 ? . 3 : . " . chance : : if you be so good , why would you keve to hire Colorado ? Pat , thanks -- but just stay out and keep --- | ( suddenly ) that 's a idea -- haw about Ryan ? Colorado , you call he , he 's young but he 's go00d -- awful &0od , chance : ~ if he be , I conla tse he , but thatts up to he , ( get : wey ) go away we will see what he say , | he go to the table , speak to Colorado , and come back with hin , . . -wheeler ; ( to Colorado ) listen , kid -- the sheriff here be a friend of mine . he 's in trouble and he ean use a good man , : ' colorado : o~ ° to go against the burdettes ? ( . . . i y . . : wheeler : ~ yeah . I tell he you be one of the best . colorado : zi '22 tell you what I be a lot better at , ster wheeler - -- mind my own business , you hire I to guard you wagon train , not to get you friend out of trouble . ( to chance ) no offense , sheriff , ( he go ) wheeler : ( lock after nim ) well . I dianit expect that , . crance ; he show good sense --- I would like to have hin , quit stewing , Pat , and thanks . I appreciate it , - wheeler : mo ( sighing ) I '21 round up my maen --- get tem ready for anearly start , Sea you later . wr : ( he go ) as wheeler leave , chance see feather get up from the game , tucking she winning in she purse , he look at the deck of card he 's be fool with , as though it have some special significance , then '' put it dow and cross to the door , he speak through it , ehind he feathene eaan cess " rio bravon : 2/26/58 pm 38 ( cont .k ) : ° . chance ; dude ? : . - dude ; ( appear in door ) everything 's quiet out here , . chance : okay . I '1l be along in a minute . he follow the girl upstairs , 39 . int . upstair hall . neghp '' chance go along the hall to featherst door and knock on it she open the door , look a little surprised to see he , then '' . smile , . : feather : : . hi , sherirr , I be sorry about that pants , carlos tell I they be n'¢ yours , I .. chancr : ~ . you be ina little trouble , lady . take she arm and move inside ) it want to talk to you , . ho . int . feather ! room as they come inside ; nica : feather : what be it ? oo chance : I count the deck you people be use . it be three card short , 's feather : why do you tell I ? . chance : zi know everybody at the table except you and the fellow with the checker vest , ' feather ; do you talk to he ? chance : he 's stil1 there . you be leave , ' ( conrrxvzp ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final " 29 , feather : : and I be a winner , that all you 'y get to go on ? a ho ( cont , ) she be be perfectly amiable about it , not flustered at all , and with no intention of be flustered , chance : 7 ( take handbil2 from he pocket ) ro. I have get a handbill here --- a gambler they be interested in catch up with . you know he ? she do not answer , watch he ) . it say he have a @irl with he --- say the girl 's about twenty - two , five foot five inch tall , good figure , dark hair , and wear feather . the man be not we friend in thee heckere vest , but the girl could be you . feather ; ( quietiy ) yes , it could be . as a matter or fact , it be . . : chance ; | you better give I the money you win , I '11 see it get to the right people . just be sure you be on the stage in the morning . : peateer : ( st1211 smile , but not : ving a inch } that 's pretty easy , be not ' at ? give you the money and get on the stage . shake she head ) I be not go to make it that easy . you have make I mad , sheriff . you gqid not ask I if T qid it . you be go to have to prove I have get that card . and the only way I know you can do that be to search I , chance : ( startiea ) 's search you ? feather : that 's right . be not that what a sheriff usually do to a prisoner ? lett see . the card could be in my purse - .. ( open it and throw it down ) but they be not , . ( come closer to he ) they could be in . my shoe --- my 's tocking -.. garter --- my sleeve be too tight , but theret my waist , : ( pour it on as chance begin to look baffle ang uncomfortable ) ( conrrnuzp ) " rio bravor 2/26/58 . final ; ee / '' ( cont .1 ) 4 of ( . feather : ( cont . ) , I do not wear anything like that req pants ... - well sherirr , you have get a dob to do , where you go ' to begin ? : chance : " thet 's just about enough of that , feather : : you have bot to prove I have get that card , : chance ; . keep g0ing and itp liable - to do it . feather : asmile , needle he ) : Z be not ' so sure , I think you be embarrassed , and if you be not - <- : ( .. colorado : ) spea from doorway if he 's not not oeght to be , they turn and look at he , stand in the doorway smile , ( fhance : angrily what be you do here ? colorano : I do not think she 's get the card ; if that 's what youtrn look for , chance : how. do you know ? colorado : 0 ; a I think the fellow with the checker vest have ‘em , : . chance : why do not you fing out ? : '' : I say I would not start any trouble less I tell you first , now I and tell you I be @oing to ' 8ee if het get them , want to come along ? feather ; ( follow as chance blare at har and go out ) I be interesteg too , I do . 7 Colorado go away as chance turn - pinal ' int . HOTEL | , night '' " RTO bravo " . 2/26/56 as chance , Colorado and feather come downstairs , Colorado gee straight to the table '' @head of chance and feather , ; colorado : ( to checker vest ) ' just keep you hand on top of the table , right where they be , know thet trouble be come , the other player get up in .& burry , checker vest hesitates a instant , freeze with he hend on the table -- then make a sudden movement , go ~ for a gun in he coat . but a gun appear in Colorado 's hand , colorado : : all right , put tem back where they be , chance come up and take the gun from checker vest 's coat , Colorado insert he finger in the gambler 's sleeve and ing cut three card , he throw they on the teble ' and grin at chance . . : colorado : '' you go to a lot of trouble for nothing , sheriff , '' peather have be watch all this smile , and new she smile broaden , chance grab the gambler by the coat . . chance : . i we do not like tinhorn , mister , ( shove the man toward carlos , who have come up ) lock he in he room , carlos . 's let he out in . time for the stage , ( carlos go off with the gambler ; chance speak to other player ) . loser can help themselves to what 's on the table , the man start to divide up the money , colorado : ( grin ) . I guess you be wrong about the girl , sherirr , chance : up the now you have be pretty good about mind you own business , over and she’ do the same to he to the girl . he look she chance : look like I make a mistake about you have that card , . '' pm bi ( cont . ) . " rio bravo " 6 , final 2626/58 a feat that all , sheritr ? . chance : I be not go to s@pologize , if thatts what you mean , . : a feather : we have not get past that handbill , have we ? . Le chance : : ' that 's right , and you have not do anything to make I think we will , the idea or be searched do not bother you much . you make a joke out of it . feather : and instead of I be embarrassed , you be , tell I , sheriff - -- what should I havé do ? chance : well , you coula -.. feateer : . . I would like to new . this be not the first time that ~~ bandbill have come uw - % I would like to know what to do . about it , co , : : : oo chance : : well for one thing , you can quit play card and wear feather , : feather : . no , sherirr , I be not boing to do that , De not you see , that 's what itd do if I be what you think she leave he . he look after she , then go to the front oor , ha , ext , HOTEL : night , chance come outside where dude be ' lean against the porch . : co " chance : dude , you see wheeler ? dude : - , . ~ not since he go up the Street , that look like m come now , 's ta 43 . A. 1 , whe -_ ( a " rio bravo " 2/26/s8 pinal . 33 . ext , STREET . night on wheeler walk up the Street , on , the opposite sige from the hotel , we follow he . he ' cross the mouth of & side street or alley , with a stable at the other end , sucdenly from the stable door there be the flash of a gunshot end wheeler fall , shot in the back , ext , STREET niger ' chance run from the hotel toward wheeler , with dude after hin , dude : stay out of the street ! chance ghrag wheeler into the shelter of a building , chance : ~ . he get it in the back . 's wateh that stable , the shot come from there , . he examine the body as dude watch the stable and Colorado come up , . : . chance : . he 's dead , do not take tem long ~ -- less thas a hour after he offer to help . '' you be smart , Colorado , . dude : nobody 's come out of that stable , . chance : we can not go this way --- have to get there fron the side , : colorado : what do you want I to do ? . chance : you want to get the man who kill you boss , be that it ? : colorado : would not you ? chance : . : you come with we , you be in the whole thing . you a a chance to do that and you do not want it , you stay out , we dontt need you . if you want to do something , get he out of the street , chance and dude go around the building tr ann oa from the efan 45 . h6 . " year . " rio bravo " 2/26/58 pinal . . ext . stable . night as they approach , chance very grim and look as though he want to kill someone . . chance : ( in a low tone to dude ) get around behind it . . how : you be in ? chance : : - , right through the door , if he get out you can have he , . : : . dude : nlook at he ) I do not suppose itt any use my tell you to e001 down first , . chance : no. it be not , . dude : that 's what I thought ( start off ) let you know when I get there , chance wait in shadow until a bird call sound from dude o.s , behind the stable . then he rush the door , hit it on the drive , full force . . int , stable a pcte as the door burst open , moonlight flood the stable as chance dive behind a pile of grain sack , then there be silence . chance listen . he throw something to the other side of the stable , still there be silence . he move to the corner of the pile of grain Sacks --- and suddenly a gun blast and a shower of powdery dust fly from a grain sack into chance 's face . he go to the floor as though hit , he hand over he face , - . . . ext , stable . , night dude , alarmed .run to the door , flatten himself teside it 80 he can just see chance on the floor inside , '' dude : chance " you hurt ? 4s , yg . so. a " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final : . 35 . int . stable . . night chance on the floor with he hand over he eye , chance ; . watch out , he 's still in here --- : a side door open and a figure of a man run out . ext . stable niget - dude hear the man run o.s . he run to the corner of the stable and throw a couple of shot , -ext . back STREET : night long shot of a man run away , fast . ext , stable : night dude step shoot and call , look after the man o.s. . '' dude : chance --- out here ! chance come out and join he , rub he eye and blink= ing . : dude : you all right ? : chance : jast get my eye full of dust , : dude : he come out the side door . he be run fast --- I could not really set a shot at he , I might have winge he . I don 't know , : chance : it be my fault we lose he , dude : he have not get awey , or I would not be stand here , . . ( point 0.3 . ) he go into the burdettes : saloon . hel still here , chance : how do you know ? ( continued ) -~ 52 , 51 ( cont . ) " rio bravo " . 2/26/58 pinal . 36 , dude : you can see both door from here and there be not any other , I be a expert on saloon , : chance : 's dia you see who it be ? dude : no , but we will mow , he will have muddy boot , he run through that puddle there by the trough . chance : ( look at he ) you figure we be go in there after he ? : dude : be not we ? '' . ' chance : theretll be eight to ten burdette man in there , . dude ( nodd ) maybe more , . chance : watch you side as we go . they move off , watch both side of the street . ext , back STREET : night as they work they way toward the Rio bravo saloon , chance : : we will do like we use to . you take the back , T will take the front , dude : . itve be go in the back door for a long time . they have not be let I in the front , — _ : chance : you think you be good enough ? dude : : might as well find out now as ' later , they separate and move off , dude to the front and chance around to the back . . . " rio bravo " _ - 2/26/58 ' pinal - 37 . 53 . int . rio bravo SALOON , night as dude come in the front door and stand there look around the room . he do not draw he gun , just stand , quietly . there be eight man in the place and charlie , the ' bartendér. , a moment later chance come in the back door and '' stand there with he rifle , not speak , : . ( to dude ) '' , . well , dude - -- be a long dry spell , have not it ? you thirsty ? ( quietly ) : : we will start with you , Charlie . that shotruin you . , keep under the bar , pick it - up by the basrel real easy . now put it down , . charlie : . ( as he do this , eyeing dude ) . I think you be go to ask for a drink , dude : ( to man at table ) - . sim , you move over with the rest , : ( indicate other at the bar ; Jim hesitates ) I be not go to tell you twice , Jim shrug , smile and obey ) now , one at a time --- start with you with the break nose . unbuelle you gun and drop tem , and step away , . . ( man with ' break nose hesitates , . glance et chance stand quietly at the back with rifle , then abey ) now . the next man , ( as he art man : ; as op he what 's this all about ? = dude : next man , ( move down the line as the man drop they gun ) : we be look for a man who just run in here , man with red shirt : nobody 's just run in here , chance ; ( look at he ) : : we will remomber you say that , fconrterreny " rio bravo " | . 2/26/58 final 38 , ' cont , 53 ) dude : ( to next man in line ) now you , ( the last man drop he gun } the man we be look for have get muddy boot , so now , one by one , hold up you foot , no one have muddy boot , chance and the bartender have both be watch all this , chance watch dude closely , charlie : ( derisively ) who see a man run in here ? dude : ( Charlie smile ) you be next , Charlie - -- come on out . charlie : ( come out from behind bar and show he clean boot , grin ) . dude , you have be see thing again . you better have @ drink , ° the man laugh , . _ I dia , cor to : sy. ivr. lore . nigh ? a loft above the saloon . Light come up from below throu open , show figure of a man in silhouette , crouch above : the open look down , a gen in he hand , 55 . int , rio bravo SALOON night ' as the man grin at dude . one of they take 2 dollar and throw it into a spittoon , where it land witha clang , man who threw dollar ; maybe this will help , dude . . : dude : maybe I do need a drink , he walk to the bar and pour a drink while they watch he --- but dude be look into though back - bar mirror and see a reflection of a ladder in the corner and a open in the a " rio bravo " 2/26/s8 final 39 . ss ( cont . ) : ceiling at the top of it , and the barrel of a pistol just visible , peeping through the open . he sat the bottle down , make as though to pick up the glass , but instead draw he gun and turn in &@ lightning movement , fire up . through the open . there be a moment of dead silence , and then the body of a man fall heavily through the open end hit the floor , nobedy move , look at dude as though they can not believe what they see . chance , watch , smile briefly , pleased with dude , dude walk forward and kick the dead man 's boot lightly --- both boot be cover with mud , : : . dude : I he run through a puddle , all right . - never see he face before ... - : ( pick up gold coin which have fall - fran the dead man 's pocket ) | guess this be he , a nice fresh fifty - dollar gold piece . just about what burdette would figure aman 's life be worth , ( roll the body over with he foot ) that 's earning money the hard way - -- eh , ' chance ? : chance : ( crossing to man with red shirt ) you do not see he come in , do you ? co -( man shake he head sullenly ) you get fifty doller in you pocket ? man with red shirt : no , not I , sheriff , honest i. have not . nobody pay I , chance : they should have , . ( hit he savagely across the face with - the rifle barrel ) : that 's so I 'l ] know you if you stay in town , now foue - ~ ( almost hit the next man , but stop , shaking ; he smile ) the rest of you be lucky . but I know you , and you be go to get out too . you can take you boy here with you . you can tell burdette he get wheeler and you can tell he anybody else he send he better pay ‘em more , ' cause they be go to earn it , : : ( turn he back , speak to dude ) ready to go , dude ? dude : you in a hurry ? : chance : not specially , : 55 ( cont .1 ) " rio bravo " . . 2/26/58 pinal ho , dude : . : ( walk to man who throw the dollar ) you throw that dollar , do not - you ? . man : yeah , I throw it . I be -- . dude : would not - you like it back ? sure ; dude . sure , dude : ' you know how to get it . the man go to the spittoon and drop to he ikmee out of . scene while the other watch . then dude smile , turn > around , dude : ' that 's all for I , chance , chance : ( to bartender } you be come with we , Charlie . charlie : . ' sherirr , why pick on I ? why choose I -- chance : you be go to -carry all that gun down to the jail . get at it . Charlie begin pick up the gun as we 56 . ext , jail Charlie , the bartender , by chance , dissolve to : right still in he apron , come out , follow chance : that 's all , Charlie . start walk . : ( as Charlie start toward the saloon ) not that way . out of town . . . charlie : but sheriff , you --- chance : you can get to burdettet by morning , that will give you a lot of time to remember not to come back , " rio bravo " 2/26/58 . ah , ; final '' 57 . int , jail night om stumpy 4s fall to dude as chance come in . stumpy : . you mean you two follow he into burdette 's saloon ? you be erazy , both of you ! what - happen ? : | dude : he be hide in the loft , stumpy : who get he ? chance : dude do . one shot . stumpy : I wish I could of see it . and I wish wheeler could have too , he do not think dude or I wes much good , that would show he he be wrong about dude , anyway , . rm to chance : = : ' yeah , he be wrong about dude , how would you inow eo that fellow be up in the leave ? - dude : he be lose sane blood . it drop in a drink on 's . the table . it be just when I could not fing anyone with muddy boot . '' I could have use a drink about then . : . . chance : if he be bleed , that mean you hit he on the run , : dude : . alternate . first shot in two year . not bad , dialogue : chance : it be not so good , we have to go in after he , be cd oe . dude : now I be beginning to feel at home . fhold out hand ) lock . almost steady , chance : ~~ . Point you finger , ( dude do ; it quiver ) . anybody can hold a hand still , ( continued ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 2 for s7 . int . jail . night alternate dialogue . : dude : . 's first shot in two year , -~! chance . you use a gun last night . ~ ernate . dialogue . : dude : : yeah --- I forget , anyway , this one tonight " be not such a bad shot . : . chance : ' it be not so good . we have to go in after he , ry 57 ( cont . ) - dude " rio bravo " 2/26/58 pinal ke , stumpy : I do not know that before , . ( hold he finger out ) T will be a suck - egg mute ! I shake worse and a bride on she wedding night .. . chance : , dude , you be good in there , just as good as you ever be , but you lmow one reason you get away with it ? ' Cause they be laugh at you . borrachon , talk big --- and you surprised the hell out of they . but next time they will be ready for you . next time they will shoot first and do they laugh later . so just - do not get - - too cocksure , . stumpy : : what a stinker , spit in he eye , dude ! _ dude : he 's always be a stinker , stumpy . if he be to change it would worry I . : . voice from outside :' hey in there ! it 's I , Colorado . : . chance : let he in . open the door and Colorado come in , . . colorado : ' they tell I you get the man who shot wheeler . chance : dude : do , colorado : thanks , dude . --- I have be to the undertaker 's with wheeler , they be go to bury he in the morning . ( produce papers and money ) here be the papers he have on he , and the money . I take out sixty dollar he owed I , . : chance : you get yours . what about the rest of he man ? . he owe they , too ? colorado : probably do . I do not think about that , ( toss over the sixty ) ( continued ) | > '' 57 ( cont . 2 ) 58 , . pade in " rio bravo " , 2/26/58 final 43. chance : . you will have to wait for the judge . TI can not : turn over anything without a order , colorado : . do that mean you hold the wagon ' too ? ( chance nod ) in the meantime , I be break , . chance : if you or any of the other want eat money , . ttli go good for it , : colorado : thanks , - oe . ( go to the door ) I would feel better if you would do that soon , ' fore . anything happen to you . no offense again , sherirr , . ( he go ) chance : catigh ) it 's nice to see a smart kid for a change , . dude : : be I wonder if het as good as wheeler say , chance : : . I would say he be . ita say he be so good he do not feel he have to prove it . ' pade out . int , HOTEL . nicht ' it be late at night and the place be desert as chance come in , except for feather quietly play the piano . chance : what 's the matter , do not you sleep ? feather : I be beginning to think you do not - % I be waite ing for you , chance : still look for a apology ? ‘( continued ) — — 58 ( cont . ) nx " RTO bravo " : £ ( 26/58 final . feather : no , I be think of make one . I be pretty much of a bitch tonight . I be not proud of it , my only excuse be I do not imow the trouble you be in , . chance : ( look at she for a minute ) . I be go to have a drink . how about you ? feather : thanks . ffollow he to bar , talk - ing while he get the drink ) I be sorry about Mr. wheeler . carlos tell I he be a friend of yours . : chance : that 's why he be shot , or do carlos tell you that too ? : feather : how do a man get to be a sheriff ? - chance : . : get lazy . he get tired of sell he gun all over and decide to sell it in one - * place , . feather : I would say you make & poor sale , ceance : there 's a lot of people will agree with you . feather : but it 's still a sale and it 's too late to back out . chance : not to change the subject , how do a girl get herself on a handbill ? : feather : she get marry , chance : ( look at handbill ) this say he be a cheat , ( continued ) - ~~ 58 ( cont . 1 ) carlos " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final . 4s . feather : ' he be not e cheat then , that come later , when he luck turn , it be probably my fault he cheat , he like to buy I thing . chance : why do you leave he ? feather : . I do not , he leave I , rather suddenly . . he be catch , just like thet mar tonight , only he luck have run out . he be shot . : chance : you. have a rough time . feather : . youtre wrong , sheriff . I have a good time , I like gambling . we go everywhere , have the best of everything , I do not know he be cheating until they catch he , if ita kmown it might have be rough --- that 's probably why he. do not tell I , 7 chance : when do this happen ? , feather : . . about four month ago . since then I have be work to get enough money for stage fare , chance : you go home ? feather ; , I have not any . out +o ' wee _ oo . cae eee eee iet we ner come in , speak to chance , '' oe . be : carlo : . I @id not kmow you be here , senor , why do you not tell I ? ( look at he ) you should be in bed --- you sleep little enough last night . tact @ gun from behind the desk ) . tonight you will sleep well , I will watch , chance : no , carlos - -- you stay out of it , ( continued ) for T ) ) 58 ( cont .2 ) " rio bravo " , 2/26/s8 pinal 6 , carlo ( with dignity ) , senor chance , this be my_hotel , and you be & guest under my roof , I will not be tell what I shall do and what I shall ' not do , . chance : '' ( start for the door ) all right , carlos , carlo : : no ! you cannot g0 --- all right , I give up , have it you own way . chance : : there be not any need for ' you to watch , amigo . TI sleep light . itll lock my door and hook a chair under the knob . if anyone try to get in , I will hear fem . just do one thing for I . if I be sleep at sun-up , wake carlo : ' bat that 4s not enough --- chance : all right , do not , carlo : ( throw up he hand ) : bueno , bueno - -- have it you way . say no more .. have a good sleep , : ( he go ) x - chance : ( turn to feather ) I be go to turn in , if I do not see you in the morning , so long . by the way , where you go ? feather : someplace where there be not any handbilis , that thing keep pop up , that 's why I be a@ little touchy about it . . chance : ( take handbill out of he . pocket ) I lmow the sherire who get this out , I will ' write hima letter and get 1t call in , ( continued ) '' §8 ( cont .3 ) | ( 59 . " RTO bravo " . " 2/26/58 final 47 . . chance : ( cont . ) ( tear up the hand - pill ) then. you will not have ' people like I make trouble for you , he go upstairs , leave feather stare after hin , fade out . fade in int , chance' room sunrise effect chance have be sleep fully clothed except for he - boot . he stir , roll over , open he eye , see that it be daylight , and start up . he stamp he foot into he boot , grab he hat and he rifle , and gee out . int .. HOTEL morning as chance run down the stair and speak to carle . : chance : why do not you wake I ? you say you would , carlo : the girl - -- the one with the feather , . chance : wnat aia she have to do with it ? carlo : she say no , she be sit outside you room in a chair all night long . she be still there two - three minute ago --- most likely she hear you get up . chance : well you tell her= -- ( break ont ) damn fool . carlo : tell she she 's a damn fool ? chance : no , I will do it myself . ( go upstairs ) '' rio eravo " 7426/58 él. int . hall . morning chance come upstairs and rap on feather ! door . feather ! voice : who be it ? chance : it 's I , the sheriff . feather ! voice : just a minute . : ( the key turn in the lock ; . there be a pause ) come on in . 62 . int . feather ! room morning as chance come in . feather be in bed with the cover — pull up to she neck . feather 's : hi.. chance : -. do you have a good sleep ? feather : who , I ? chance : yes , you . there be not anybody else in the room . feather pull off the cover and sit up . she be partly dress . peather : oh , carlos have to talk . I could not sleep anyway . I be just as well off out there din the hall . chance : and if anybody have come you would have yell before they shot you , be that it ? fool woman . do not you hear I say that I ... feather : I know , I know . you do not want anyone to help you . ' I hear you tell carlos , chance : then why do you do it ? ( continued ) 62 ( cont . ) " rio bravo " , 2/26/58 final 4g , . feather : . : you be not suppose to imow , why do not 's you just go out and not talk to carlos ? chance : . because he do not wake I , '' feather : that be my fault , too . all right , nothing happen , nobody get hurt , you get some sleep . I lose some . now I be tired and you be mad and I be get mad . you better go . Im go to get some sleep too , . : . chance : it be a nice thing for you to ao , but --- feather : I would not have do it if I 'a@ kmown you would make all this fuss --- get mad and start act like - — . chance : I be ' not mad , feather : well iam . go on about you business . you better , because I be go to bed ... . chance : you can not go to bed now . hers ? pea 's I can not ? we1l , you ' just stay here and youtli see whether I - .. . : chance : you have to get on that stage . : feather : telling I I cantt — -~ what ? chance : it leave in a hour , feather : . then get out and let I get a beth and pack my mge . I can not do it if you stand around talk . chance : you be do most of the talk . ( continued ) - pm 62 ( cont . 1 ) ( " rio bravo " 2/26/58 pinal 50 , feather : : . that 's right , I be , and I can not do that and . '' bathe and pack too , s0 go on and go . " _ ghance : I be go . I just want to --< peather : then do it . do not talk anymore . like you say , I be do enough and neither of we be say anything , just get out and let I get on that 7 chance : oh , hell . goodbye. ( be go ) feather : Goodbye to you . int . HOTEL '' morning as chance come downstairs . , - carlo : '' the girl she 's go on the stage ? chance : : ( stride to door ) - sure she 's be . you see that she do , . carlo : ( follow he ) but you tell I she 's go ! - ext . HOTEL — ' morning as chance and carlos come out , chance : and itm tell you to see that she do . I hold you responsible , . carlo : responsible . me. yes , ( look unhappy ) chance be look up the street . dude ts visible in far b.fg .. down the road at the edge of town . a number of man be hang around in the vicinity of the jail , as though wait for something . ( continued ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 pinal $ 1. - f™ bh ( cont . ) i 66 . * 67 . 68. : '' carlo :. . : dude say to tell you he 's go up the street , : chance : so I see . : carlo : lot of people in today . . chance : do you hear why ? carlo : : a man say he hear maybe Nathan burdette come - in today to see you . most likely they be here to watch . . chance : . . well , if he do come , maybe they will see something . ( walk toward jail as carlos lock up the street to dude ) ext . road morning ' dude stand in the road be take the gun from a couple of man on horseback . dude : just hang they over there . he indicate a fence Post on which a number of gun be - already hang , as the man move to obey , dude look os . and music begin --- it be Nathan burdette come in . ext . valley : day nathan purdette and five man be riding down the valley toward town . one of the man be matt harris , burdette 's tep gun hand . we get a ominous quelity in the forward motion of the rider , a feel of approach crisis . ext . road day at the barn on the edge of town where dude keep watch . dude be sit on the big rock at the roadside , he see the rider come in the distance , go quickly into the barnyard to he horse , , : ext . road day burdette and he man ride up . dude , now mount , bar the way .' va 68 {cont . ) / " RTO : bravo " 2/26/58 final 52 , i dude : - : stop pient there , Mr , burdette , . they stop ) . T get order to take you gun , burdette : suppose we do not want to give them up . you think you could take ‘em against six of we ? Matt Harris be sidling around to get behind dude . he draw and shoot the fall , . dude : ( to burdette ) a@ smart man that 's pretty stupid , Mr. burdette , you would not need a gun no more , ' cause you would nbe the first man - I 'a bet. : ( to Matt Harris ) . ' you be pretty good where you be , Harris , pein -- the horse rear , and Harris he go for he gun . burdette : hold it , Harris , harris : he cut my rein , : . burdette : . and I would say he do it on purpose : ( to dude ) ° you be pretty good with a gun when you be sober , . dude : not bad , Mr. _ burdette , burdette : how do that happen ? dude : if you mean be good with a gun , I have hed a lot of practice . if you mean be sober , I be get practice at that on account of you brother , : burdette : I do not follow you . dude : you do not need to , Mr. burdette . now how about you gun ? : burdette : : ( to he man , quietly ) give he you gun . ( continued ) " rio bravo " . | 2/26/88 final 3. @8 ( cont . 1 ) 0 om 69s. 70 . ~~ 71 . the man do not like it , but they move to obey . dude point to a post on which other gun be hang . . dude : : just hang ‘em on that fence with the other . you can have them back when you , leave , cut to : ext , jail day from chance ! Pov as he stand on the poreh , watch | burdette 's man hang they gun on the Post down the road . ext . road : day as Matt Harris , who have remount , hang he gun on the post and start away , dude stop hin . . dude : . Matt -- didnt you hear you boss say I be sober ? . ( take a gun from under Harris ! vest ) : burdette : . you be enjoy yourself , be not you ? dude : . - oo : get go , mister burdette , we be not get so anyt : more to talk about . : burdette : . ( pleasantly ) . you should enjoy it , dude , every man ought to have a little taste of power before he 's through . he ride away with he man , into town . int . jail day chance step inside the door and speak to stumpy behind the bar door inside . chance : stumpy -- burdette and he man be come in . stumpy : do not put no red carpet down for tem , chance smile and go out to meet they . final | 72 . ext . STREET : day burdette and he man ride up to the jail , where chance stand on the porch with he rifle . ' . burdette : Morning , sheriff , . chance : . hello , burdette . I have be expect you , : burdette : I want to see my brother . chance : : you can come in , but that ace not mean the rest of you . , ( to man ) : he 's not you brother . go on across the street and wait with the other . move ! burdette : do as he say . go ) : the man waa t @re all that people do in town ? chance : I do not ask they . I do not ask they to come or why they be here . but I think they be watch to see what you be go to do . you do not like : it , do you ? too many witness , now do you come here to talk to I or to see you brother , : ' burdette : to see my brother , chance : all right. ( call ) stumpy , I be come in , ( they go in ) " rio bravo " ~ 2/26/58 she 73 . int . jail day chance call to stumpy 0.8. as he and burdette approach ' the bar door , chance : open up , stumpy . stumpy : ( 0.8 . what 's the password ? ( continued ) be ~~ 73 ( cont . ) " rio bravo " 2/26/88 final 5s . . chance : come on , stumpy . , stumpy : ( o.s . ) oh , I would not miss this , . . : ( come into view at end of corridor ) '' well , look who 's here ! place be get all litter up with burdettes . ( unlock door ) : come right in , Mr. burdette , he lock the door again behind they as they go through . 74 . int . jail corrdor - pay speak to he , burdette go to the cell door where Joe be stand and burdette : hello , joe. oo . joe : Nathan . burdette : nlook at he ) look like you get & go over , joe : . ( leek at chance ) we friend here . . burdette : ( to chance ) why ? . chance : ee do not want to be arrest for murder , joe : it be not murder , chance : | '' aman get shot when he 's get a gun «+ there 's good reason for doubt . a man get shot when he have not get a’gun -- what would you call it ? ( to burdette ) but you already imow that or you would not have set thing up the way you have , : burdette ; what have I do ? ( continued ) " rio bravo '' , 2/26/58 final ( cont . ) . 7 . . chance : 7s : you be a rich man , mister burdette . you have get : a big ranch . you pay a lot of people to do what % . . you want them to do . and you have get . a brother , e 's no good , but he 's you brother . if he. commit . twenty murder you would try to see he ' do not hang for _ burdette : I do not like that kind of talk . you be practically accuse I of < = chance : . . let 's get it . straight -- you do not like it . well , I do not like a lot of thing . I do not like you ' Men sit on the road bottle up this town . I do not like you man watch we , try to ~ catch we with we back turn , _ I do not like - it when a friend of mine offer to help I and . twenty minute later he 's dead . I dontt like . you , mister burdette , for fix all this before . , you come in to talk to I , se burdette : - what be you boing to do about it ? a chance : . I be get to that : I be go to sit richt _ . a here with you trother in my lap . till the u.s. . : marshal get here , that will be about six day . maybe the marshal 's go to ask a few question about that bust . wheel but I think you be too smart to have stop that stage completely . now I be out of breath , so you can talk if you want to , burdette merely look : at he . joe : talk awful big for a man who 's alone except for a barfly and a cripple . you could have I out of here in -. burdette : shut up , Joe . chance : you brother 's smarter than you be , Joe , he see that stumpy 's sit here around 's a@ corner , lock in with you . if that isnit . plain enough I '12 tell you why . if any o~ . trouble start around here , before anybody : can get to you -- you be liable to get : &ccidentally shot , . ( continued ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 7. pa 7h ( cont. 1 ) a , stumpy : . in fact , I can practically guarantee it . burdette : . : ( to stumpy ) I see you still hold a little grudge against _ US . . : . : stumpy : four hundred .and sixty acre might be little to you , Nathan , but it be a lot of country to I . . : . joe : do not take any chance , Nathan . '' he look just crazy enough to shoot I , : . burdette : yo . a court might call that murder , too . chance : : of Hell , we would el ] be dead by then . what difference would it make ? anything more to say , burdette ? on . . : burdette : not - just one thing . Joe have friend . you be hold : . I sesponsible for 's they -- for what you say they have do or whet they might do . I want to make that clear . . chance : . T will help you . I do not think Joe have a friend in the world and he wontt have unless somebody '' busy he one for fifty a head like the fellow who shot wheeler , . burde ? te : you make it clear , ( chance : to stumpy all right , stunpy . ( stumpy unlock the door ) joe : ( as they move away ) . look , Nathan -- : o~ burdette : dust sit tight , Joe . ( continued ) ir ) " rio bravo " - bfe67/58 pinal 58 , 7h ( cont . 2 ) joe : . ( eail after :.him ) zt just want you . to send I a bottle " fore you leave- towm . stumpy : : : you do that , Mr. burdette . part of my job be to see it be not poison , sometimes take I quite a spell to find out . '' 75 . inn. gare . day stumpy follow chance into the outer office and they watch as burdette go out and eross the street , : 7 | stumpy : why do not you hold he ? . chance : anything het go to do be figure out already , or he would and ! + have come here . throw he in with Joe would : just give he a alibi for anything . that happen , : - stumpy : . I never think of that . what do you think will happen ? : : chance : I think I tola you to stay back in there out of sight , - - stumpy : : ( as he go back and lock the door ) : you better be careful how you talk to I . you hear what Joe say , you be alone except for a barfly and a old eripple . Calling I a old cripple -. {to Joe , as he gee back long the corridor ) I like hearing you say thet , joo . I bot to fix you dinner tonight , he disappear around the corner , chance remain in the doorway , look across the street where burdette have go inte the Rio bravo saloon , the tinny piano be go , as usual . no 76 . ded alogue " rio bravo " change final : of27/58 int . rio bravo SALOON day . golorado sit at a table = he 's be watch through the window what go on across the street , and - now he be watch burdette and he man . raton and Jose be play in thse cor - ner . burdette be stand at the bar , he back to Colorado , his man stand a little apart from he , look at he but not speak . the bartender pour burdette a drink , loor at he uneasily , put the bottle down and bce away . presently burdette turn around , smile a odd smile . he call to the musician , burdette : raton -= : raton : : ( stop play end turn around ) I , senor ? , burdette : you . come here , both of you , raton and Jose , look a little apprehensive , leave the cor - mer and join burdette at the bar . burdette speak to they . quietly for e moment -= this be from Colorado 's point of view end we do not hear what be ' say . but raton look alarmed ' end draw back , speak a little louder , ' raton : . . senor , please <= that be not a good tune to play in Texas , . jose : 7 please do not ask we to play that , anything else , senor , but ovece per tga roe ay ay it , ep play it till I tell you to stop ( to the bartender ) ° see that they be not disturb , ( to raton and Jose ) go on , . very unwillingly raton and Jose g° back to the corner , look around nervously but realize there be no escape . théy begin to play ths deguello , burdette listen a moment , with a expression of curious satisfaction , then he speak to he man , . burdette : we will go now , the man look puzzle , but do not quite dare the ask he what ( continued ) e™ . tord | jhange 76 ( cont . ) " rio bravo " change final , g62 7/58 0. the music be about , they follow he out . - golorade look after they , then look at the musician , he begin to smile , _ camera move in to 'a close shot on the piano as we dissolve 70 : in ?. jail Day chance be listen to the piano across the street , play deguello .- he 's puzzle by the repetition of the piece , carlos call from the outside , then come in , look ~ . upset -- he have a black eye , | chance : what 's the matter with you eye ?. carlo : . you tell I to put the lady on the stage ? chance : . she give you that ? what do you do ? carlo no , she do not do it . : chance : _ I think you say she do , carlo : no w= T say you tell I to put she on the stage , consuela , she hit I in the eye , chance ; I be get mix up . why do you -. carlo : please . please do not talk . I te12 you , it be better if I tell you , chance : go shead , carlo : you tell I to put the lady on the stage . the. stage be peady but she do not come down , . chance : what ? ( continued ) ao C 77 ( cont . ) '' ®rto bravo 2/26/58 _ final 's . 62 . carlo : . . . I yell at she , come down . she say she be not come . I g° up to get she . she say - she do not go , : . : chance : do she go ? carlo : please ! I tell she you say '' 2 . TI tell I be responsible . she say no , she be responsible . TI say that may be , and I pick she up . then consuela say , what be you do with that woman ? i- say I put she on the stage . the woman , she say she do not want to go on the stage . chance : do she go ? not : carlo : . please . I tell you . - consvela say , put she down . I say I be responsible . consuela -- she think that mean something else . so she give I this eye , . chance : what aid you do ? carlo : . please . what can I do ? my arm ts full of the lady . I can do nothing so I @rop she on the floor . she yell and say I try to kill she , and before . she hit I some more < = chance : do the girl get on the stage ? carlo : Ho , . she do not boe Jake say he can not wait . . chance : why not ? : carlo : he say he must leave , chance : it mean the girl , why do not she go ? ( continue ) " rio bravo " " 3/26/58 final 62 , . 77 ( cont . 1 ) 78. 71 % carlo : : . she do not say . how do tf know if she do not say ? please , senor chance -- you come tell consuela what responsible mean , she 's mad , real mad -. chance : ( yell ) stumpy , I be go out , : '' stumpy : 2 oo I like to be leave alone . I be get use to it , they go out , int . HOTEL day 's as chance and carlos come in . consuela come toward they , . carlo : : consuela ! consuela , I ’bring senor chance -— he tell you what yesponsible mean < = teen : consuela : ) _eontrite , run to carlos carlos -- I be sorry , the girl feather , she . tell I whet it mean . please =. por fevor -.~ you : forgive I -- no ? . vastly relieved , carlos 's put he arm around she ) where 's the girl ? .- gconsuela : in she room . ( as chance stride to the stair ) maybe it be best you do not go e.: ( break off as chance run up the stair ) int . feather ! room day @s chance come in , they stand look at each other , feather : well , I do not go , chance : I can see that , feather : I have everything pack , then carlos yéllea the stage be ready and I hoard somebody say they be not go . it be I say it . ( contint=ed ) " rio bravo " , ' 2/26/58 final 63. 79 ( cont . ) chance : of go on , , , feather 8 really get mix up then . you shoot have see it , ( laugh ) poor carlos and consuela both yell at the same time . then he qaropped I on the fleor and I yell too -- ( eter ang in and not say anything . here I be tal . again and not sa 's anyt Ze . you want to know why I do not go , do not you , ' / sheriff ? what 's you nane , anyway ? I do not '' even imow that . . . . ' chance : chance , John 7. feather : ft for trouble . : ( chance groan ) ; I always make you mad , do not I , John 1.2 ' than do not make I tell you why I stay . I will not : get in you way , I will not make it any harder . for you . I '12 just be here . you do not ow I 7 . 2. a@ thing and you will not owe I when it 's all over , when that happen just tell I to go - and I 'il bg . ' no . wo , you will not even have to tell I , tl know by then end I will just go . be that fair , John T .? . ( he stand lock at she , not confuse but realize what she have say ) : you do not have to answer that if you do not want to . but just say something } chance : if I be not in this mess it might be different , but I be , : , feather : that 's what I want to hear , she kiss he , look at he a moment and kiss he again , feather : I be glad we try ’it a second time . itts better when two people do it , ( step tack ; open door ) I have take ' enough of you time . you better run along now and do you job , fade CUT . £ 80 . 8. " rio bravo " 2/2 6/52 final . fade in ext . road . _ sunset at the edge of town , dude get on he horse and start back to town , ext . STREET . sunset dudé riding toward the jail , ' the SOUND of the dezuello , play on the tinny piano , get louder as he appreach the saloon and the jail . : ext . jail . , sunset chance be wait for dude as he aismount . and ceme onto the porch . the deguello sound from across the street . dude : get too dark the do any good out there , I would just be e clay pigeon , . " chance : any trouble when . burdette leave ? : dude ; wice as pie , do not say a word . . chance : I do not expect he to . . bude : that gun - slinger of he be on the pprod -- I . have to do some persnade as they be come in , what happen here ? chance : not much , ( leok toward the saloon ) what 's that tune ? he 's be play it all afternoon , dude : ( listen a minute ) some mexican piece , I hear it farther south , chance : um. well , come on inside and itlle - : ( break off as Colorado come up ) what do yeu want ? ( continued ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 82 ( cont . : 7 ( ) colorado : . . just curious . how do you come out with ben burdette ? : ' ghance : he want to see he brother . colorado : what do he have to say ? : chance : nothing . . he start inside , tat Colorado be insistent , / colorado : you mean he do not say anything ? chance : why be you so interested ? ( amile ) : ' because he 's talk now . you know that music ? - = : : he. tell the man to play it , . . chance : ss what be it ? colorado : they call it the deguello~ -- the cut-throat song . the mexican play it when they have that tex boy bottled up in the alamo , play it aay and night until it be all over , now do you remember what it mean ? chance : yeah ~ -- it mean no Quarter , I guess I make ' bim talk after all . fade we , fade in 83 . ext . STREET ' ' night the main street with the jail and the Rio bravo saloon . the plano sound from the saloon , play the deguello , a 8 . int . jail night the deguello sound over from o.s. , chance ts sit witn he foot on the desk , dude be move around , talkative , lead up to something , : 8 k ( cont . ) " rio bravo " | 2426/58 pinal ° dude : by the way , I forget to tell you --« the stage get out all right . I watch she clear through the valley , : : ( pause ) : . " Bout six day for the marshal to get here ? chance : that 's what I figure , dude : that girl be not on the stage . chance : T know that , , : dude : do you let she stay over ? chance : no , she - -- yes , I do : what of it ? dude : nothing . nothing . . chance : you be go to say something . , dude : i vemember in time . I remember another . eri come through on a stage and stop cver , remember you tell I she be no good . I do not believe you , but you be right , so maturally I figure you be a expert --- you know ' just what you be do , . ( chance throw something at he - , and he dodge nimbly ) I - just hope you have better luck than I do . ( laugh - -- then look : surprised } that 's the first time I have be able to laugh about it , maybe there 's hope for I yet . : chance : maybe , but I doubt it , : dude : that 's what I like about you , John T , youtre . such a encourage bastard , stumpy come in from the back of the jail and the slam of the bar door cover dude 's last will ( continued ) ~~ 84 ( cont .2 ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 67 , stumpy ; chance , ir you go 'by the hotel , bring some coffee and sugar , wili you ? . : chance : Joe complain ? : him ! ge don tg get no suger , and he coffeet jest water pour over the old srounds , frp teach he to talk out of turn , , stumpy , this . gun of yours be stirr , - be it '' all right ir I file the action a bite stumpy : uy file the action on my gen ? I dontt want no easy pull --- night '' shoot myself . why do not fou get somebody else 's ? ( stop short , then turn chance ) . to . . say , why do not you give he he own gun ? chance : T forget all about ‘em , . ogoe to lock cupboard and open it ) : stumpy : you memory be not no bettertn mine , they be lock up there for over a year , . dude : ( as chance hand he a handsome belt with a pair of rine sun from the cupboard ) : how would you get this ? come on , let 's take 2 look around and get stumpy he coffee ang sugar , they start out . ( continued ) " RTO bravo " : | 2/26/58 - final 68 , wo bh ( cont .2 ) - stumpy : . al hey -~- be n'! t you go to tell I to get back ws , in there ? : chance : no , stay out here and get shot . stumpy : ( move back to the bar door ) might do it just for spite : what I put up with for thirty a month , , chance and dude go out . 85 , ext . STREET : nicht " @s chance and dude move down the street , . . dude : . 's not to change the sub ject --- be I draw pay ? chance : _ same as before , dude : - then you can take out for this gun , of ( he leok down at they as he walk , settling the belt --. it feel right ) chance : no hurry , . dude : ( finger he rag pants and shirt ) if you be feel so generous --- T could use @n advance . get myself a pair of pant ang @ shirte - . chance : ai not no need for that . when you light out you leave some thing ' behind , they be in my room at the hotel , dude : . you be keep tem all this time ? ~~ : chance : you could use 4 bath and a shave , too , dude : I be not so sure about the shave , I be liable to cut my own throat , pecmmmpoosoouennnerneeeeeinemsiemmmmneen y 87 ... " rio bravo " 2/26/58 . final 6 '' 5 int . feateer ' room . night feather - be finish dress , just put on a bright - color shirt . ' there be a knock at the door . feather open it --- it 's chance , feather : ( struggle to tuck in she shirttail ) hi , John T. T waa hope I would see you -~ I do not expect you to find I like this . if I can get this shirt in , I want to --- , chance : . : : pirst , have you get anything to sto . bleed ? , ( she look at he ; he smile ) '' nobody 's be hurt . dude 's 's try to shave himself , / feather : I have get some alum somewhere I use for myself - -- ( start to paw aroune in she suitcase , hunt through thing ) zi never be any good at pack . ' that 's the trouble -- never can find anything when I want it --- : ( find the alun ) . '' here it be ._. maybe I can relp . where be he ? chan ce : my .room . : feather : ( stop close to chance and touch he cheek ) . : you could use a shave , too . I find that out S afternoon . | chance look at she for @ minute ) so chance : you want to let dude cut himseir all up ? feather : that 's right , blame it on dude , they start out . . dissolve to : int . chance 'ss room . night feather be finish shave dude , who sit in a chair with a towel over he . ( continued ) " rio bravo " , 2/26/58 final 70. 87 ( cont . ) . feather : _ ( as she finish ) there you be . . ( to chance , as dude get up ) what about you , John t.? shall I - work on you ? chance : I do my own shave . feather : I th t you do . I be just remind you . ough a dude have clean pants and shirt , a pair of good boot -~- just & suggestion of how he get he name dude . he buckle - on he gun and pick up 'a hat with a band of silver or silver foin . he look at the band , then take '' it off and toss it to chance . ' dude : you could buy a lot of drink with this . chance : . ( look at the silver band and toss it back ) sure could , . dude : ; ( open a drawer and throw 1t in ) maybe you better keep it for I . : ( to feather ) " oe thanks for the shave . T may call on you again . . feather : any time . 2/12 be here , ( to chance ) i. do not tell you . carlos 4s give I a job , dude : ( pick up a Package and look at chance ) shall we take stumpy he coffee and thing ? ( they start to move out ) you in a hurry , John 1.7 I would like to talk with you a moment . . . dude : I will wait for you . ( go out ) feather : T just want to ask you if -. ( continued ) px 88 , 87 ( cont .2 ) " rio bravo " final . chance : what 's this about a ' joo ? feather ; 2/26/58 na . ' oh , carlos say he 's not sleep . very well . say I can help out downstairs , chance : tending bar ? thers : among other ' thing . do you think zi should not ? . chance : why ask mar ? feather : the way you say " tend bar " , all right . T will not do it . chance : I @dantt say not to . . feather : but you do not lille the idea . uo chan why should I care ? feather : ' I do not imow . T do not know why you get mad when I ask you . . . chance : you would make anybody mad . feather : I suppose I would . as long as you anything against it , I will take the chance : well , go ahead . feather : thanks . they go out . int . fall 4s chance lock the door of he room . have not job . night ( continued ) 89 . 90 . " rio bravo " 2/26/58 20 final . chance : what be you go to ask I ? feather : : never mind . you be in too bad a humor , chance : what be you go to ask ? feather : oo whether you be go to sleep here 's tonight . chance : , ' lett Bet one thing straight . there ! li be no more sit in this chair . - I tell you that --- ' feather : , oh , I lmow . you tell I . I have give that up . y , I have a better idea . tonight you bleep in my room . anyone look for you would not look there first . you would have more time if anything do happen. oo , . . ( start into she room , then stop ) '' besides , there 's @ rock chair in my room - -- it 's more comfortable : than thet one . '' - ( indicate chair by he door ) it 's just a idea . you can think about it . . zi would not have mentioned it if you have not insisted . . ( go 4 n and shut the door ) . ' chance : to ( look after she , shake he | bead and grin ) Z will be damned . . ' there be the blast of a shotgun and a indistinct yell of quit that , you fooll " from outside @cross the street , '' run for the stair . int . HOTEL . : night chance run down the stair . carlos 1s by the door , carlo : chance , the shot she come from the jail . chance run out past he , int . feateer ' room night feather run to she window , open it and look out . v 91 . '' 92 ... " rio bravo " : 2/26/58 final , 736 ext . STREET nicht shot of the street as chance run to the jail . the dude be crouching close to the wall beside the open door , ext . jail night dude shout to chance ag he run up . dude : . do not go in there ! tell that idiot not to shoot any more . chance : ( shouting ) stumpy - -- it 's I , chance . do not shoot , stumpy ( o.8. inside ) Way do not you say so ? chance go in with dude , whot look at he hat --- i¢ have a hole in the crown . both he and stumpy be scared and shake . chance : stumpy , you be shoot at dude . : lock the door ) . : stumpy : | . dude : I didntt know , dude --- I do not lmow it be you --- : . dude : . dam fool --- almost blow my head off --- stumpy : . how would I know it be you ? how would I know ? get all dolled up like astor 's pet horse , stick you nose in here without say nothing --- how would I know ? just tell I ! dude : : look at this hat , just look at it . stumpy : good thing you be such a peewee . if you be & hormal - size man that 's what you head would look like , --- should 'a know it be you . you be such a midget . ( continued ) - of ~ a " rio bravo " | 2/26/58 final 7h. 92 ( cont . ) 93. oh . dude : shut up . it be not you fault --- you just scared I . ( give he the Package ) here 's you sturr . stumpy : everything 's all dirty . dude : that 's just - dust I get on it try to get out of you way . : - stumpy : : look what I do to the docr . wow it 's go to be cold in here . I be not gonna fix ite -- it be you fault , dude : I will fix it .ar you will just quit talk . stumpy : ( go away ) I figure you would . panny what a man can get by talk . chance : ( to dude ) . why do not you wait for I ? . dude : I think you be busy . ( go to window and open it ; the deguello sound louder - -. he listen to ' it ) they be still play we song . fade out , fade in ext . STREET night it 4s quiet and late . chance near the door of the hotel and look back at dude in the door of the jail . dude wave and chance &0e in . int . HOTEL night as chance come into the hotel . feather be behind the bar . ( continued ) a '' gk. ( cont . ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 pinal ts . : feather : hi , sheriff . they have be keep I busy . you through for the day ? go the bed ? - chance : zi think I would . feather : | that 's a good idea . can I make you some coffee ? : chance :. no thanks . oe feather : how about a drink ? chance : itll take a drink . 's feather : '' ( get out a bottle rrom underneath the bar ) ; carlos say this be for yee guest . ( pour he a drink you be tired , be not you ? I can fix you a@ nice hot bath --- or rub you neck , or - -- ' ' chance : I just want some sleep . feather : _ then this be all I can do for you ? chance : zi think you say I could think about it . : feather : you be right , I do . well , in case you make up you mind , I leave my door open . get a good night 's sleep . chance : you be not help I any . feather : ( laugh ) oh , John T. , sometimes I say thing like that just so I can see that funny look on you facel forget about it . good night . chance look at she , then leave thebar and go to the - stair , meting consuela at the foot of the stair . ( continued ) _ 9h ( cont . 2 ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 76 . - gonsuela : . senor chance , you want some supper ? I fix you some . : chance : zt have something , consuela , . consuela : ( be a conspirator ) senor , we give the girl a job - ~ - it 's a eed thing , eh ? you think so ? : _ chance : sure . '' consuela . consuela : of I know you like . T see how you look at she , so I know . T be sure . carlos , not '' ~- he 's not sure , say maybe you get too much to do , not enough time . : chance : well , carlos be -.. ' consuela : ; I say mn always say that . never mean , just talk --- thatts all , just talk . . chance : ' well you tell carlos that he --- sure I tell he -- < not too much to do , get plenty time . 7 tell he you like . right away I tell he he be wrong . have good sleep , senor chance , I tell carlos . hey , carlos - -— carlos , where you be ? . she voice fade off as she go away ) chance look after she , then go upstairs , 95 . int . upstair mart of nicur chance go to he ow door and unlock it , then stop --. go to the girlt room and try she door . it open . he stand for a moment , then close it and go back to he own room , : : dissolve to : 96 . 97 98. W. 100 . 101 . 2102 , 103 . final int . . chance' room . night " rio bravo " , 2/26/58 close shot on a chair hook under the knob inside chance 's door . camera pan to the bed , where chance be lie fully _ gvess except for he boot . he toss around restlessly , try to get to sleep . int . hall . night feather com upstairs and go toward she room . int chance' room : night chance hear feather ' footstep in the hall , then . the SOUND of she door open and close as she go into she room . he be now more restless than ever . but make a getermine effort to sleep . . dissolve to : int . hall night feather come very quietly out of she room carry a. blanket . she tiptoe to the stuir and go down . int , HOTEL . night ' feather look for the gun behind carlos ' desk , find it , then cross to the bar and sit down behind it to watch , wrap in the blanket . dissolve to : int . chance' room night chance be still unable to sleep . finally he get up and go out , without put on he boot . - int . hall night | chance go to feather ' door , find it open a crack , leok inside , then 's go downstairs . int . HOTEL night chance come quietly downstairs , look around , and find . feather almost asleep behind the bar . he stand a moment look down at she before she realize he 's there . he take the gun out of she hand and put it aside , pick she up blanket and all , and carry she up the stair , fade out . 105 . " rio bravo " - 2/26/58 pinal : 78 . fade in ext . STREET morning chance come out of the hotel . dude in front of the jail see he and get on he horse . they pass in the street , and stop to talk . dude look rocky . dude : Morning . . chance : . Morning , dude . get a good sleep ? brook at he closely ) : dude : all right , I guess . chance : eat anything this morning ? dude : stumpy fix something , — ( start on , but chance stop he ) . . chance : I ask you a question . you do not answer it . . : dude : ( irritably ) . all right , I will answer it . I do not sleep good , I do not eat anything , I have a beer and it do not do any good . . chance : can you stand you watch ? dude : when I do not think I can do it I '12 let you lmow . chance : better get go , then . dude ride off . chance go to the jail . ext . road : morning shot from edge of town as dude ride toward barn . camera pan over and we see man hide by the barn . 107 . 109 . " rio bravo " , 2/26/58 final 79 . ext , valley morning dude 's p.0.v . there be no one in sight except the watcher on the cliff , he 's use to they . the barn and barnyard be apparently desert , ext , barnyard morning see nothing alarming , dude ride into the barnyard . here he cannot be see from town , he tie he 's horse in the shade of a tree by the water - trough . he take off he het , look at it , then go to the water - trouzh and try to see he reflection in the water . camera move in ‘to a tight shot on dude as he bend over the water , adjust he hat in a effort to conceal the hole , suddénly a man 's arm come into scene from behind he and push he head down hard into the water . man' voice : ( 0.8 . ) take a good look while you be at it , ext . barnyard _ morning dude struggle piercely and tryé to go for he gun . but the man hold he head under water kick the foot out from under Kim , while a $ econd man run up and take dude 's gun second man : let he up --+ the first man haul dude out of the water , gasp and hair strangle , he be still try to fight , but he do not have a chance . the second man hit he with a pistol barrel , . club - bing he down . he sag and they catch he between they , second man : bring he hat . the first man pick up dude 's hat , which have fall off in the struggle . they hustle dude into the bern , int , barn morning as the man enter with dude . his head be clear now and he make a violent effort to break free , he almost make it . but two more man be walting inside the barn . dude fight with the ferocity of a man who know he have betrayed both ( continued ) 109 ( cont . ) '' 210 , " rio bravo " 2/26/58 '' final 60. give I he hat , ( take it - ani put it on ) better have he vest , too . . ( they strip off dude 's vest and give - 4t to he ) tie he up tight and get move . ( start to the door es the man gag and bind dude ) : ext . barnyard oo , day ' the man wear dude 's hat and vest come out , look quickly around to make sure none of this have be -observe , then hur - | of ry to the rock at the roadside and sit down , he back to I . town , CUT to : int . jail . Day 's stumpy be sweeping up ; juanito , the little mexican boy who . beat the drum ahead of the funeral procession in scene 22 , be bring in pail of water . chance take out coin , . . stumpy : , thanks , sonny . that will be enough for a while , juanito : ( grandly wave away chance 's money ) you do not pay I , senor --- I make lotsa of money now , you do it for I .. I play the drum for funeral --- business be very good ! ( he goes} stumpy : well , as the feller say , it 's a 411 wing that do not blow something to somebody . ( : chance : to stumpy stumpy , do dude have a@ bad night ? ' stumpy : that fellow 's catch hell , chance . his mind 's just start to work agein . he 's see what he do to himself , and he be not find it very pretty . chance : well , he 's bot to sweat it out . and do not . les hin ery on you shoulder , either , . stumpy : he be not try to , and anyway , what make you so gamn arnanro van wie oo fl " RTO bravo " 2/26/58 pinal a / 111 ( cont . ) 112 , 113 . . chance : all right . be nice to he , and he will fall apart in little piece , : stumpy : : . well , maybe so , you know he better and I do . TI guess some folk be build that way . but I be not , would not work with I , of . ( begin to sweep furiously ) : no reason at all why you can not give I a kind word once in a while , see all I have to put up with esround here ---~ cooking and sweep and nurse - 's '' malide that killer back there , and never a solitary word of thanks fron , anybody --- : chance : - stumpy , you be right . you be a treasure , I do not know what I would do without you . ( kiss he solemnly on the forehead and then go out fast , leave the old man for a moment absolutely speechless ) : stumpy : - ( yell . after he ) : go back to be yourself , at least I be use to _ that , ext , jail . lo Day as chance lock the door behind he and look up the street , the suppose dude nos on guard . Three man be riding up to ext . STREET , day satisfied with what he see , chance move toward the hotel . in b.g. the three man talk to the suppose dude unbuckle they gunbelt and move to hang they on the post , ext , HOTEL day Colorado come out of the hotel , see chance as he come onto the hotel porch , : colorado : Morning , sheriff , chance : Colorado , ( continued ) . a 124 ( cont . ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 82 , colorado : ( take out tobacco and paper , roll a cigarette as he talk ) I have be hearing a lot of talk . . chance : about what ? in big . the three apparently unarm man be riding into town , too , chance : would you do it any different ? colorado : no , if he be do to I what het do to you rig tell he the same thing . he can not take a chance on whether you would really do it or not , : Colorado have finishea make he : cigarette , chance find himself out or tobacco , chance : . i - you get plenty of tobacco ? I be go to get some -.. Colorado offer the making and chance uncock he gun and lean it against a ' post at the front of the Porch . he take the making and roll himself a cigarette , . . colorado : you always keep that carbine cocked ? chance ; only when itm carry it , colorado : how sone you carry a rifle ? chance : , pound out some be faster than I with a short gun , colorado : ( search he pocket ) do not suppose you have get a match , either , chance : out of they , too . . colorado : . T will get some , ( roe inta hacar '' rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 83 . an 114 ( cont . 1 ) spe the three man ride up , have see chance on the porch , first man : sheriff , we run : into some trouble on the road , Al here 's hurt --- . ( indicate one man droop in he saddle ) he horse throw he . you deputy say there be a doctor here , _ chance : . just down the Street , four , five door on the right ( move toward he rifle ) . first man : . . hold it , sheriff - -- no closer to that gun , ( put he hand to he shirt ) . we still get ours , if that 's what you be think . ( as chance freeze and look quickly up the street ) : : and that be not you deputy up the street , 115 . int . HOTEL day Colorado come to the door with feather , he see that some - nis thing be wrong outside and stop , hold the girl back and : . marning she to be quiet , they see and hear what go on oute ' side , : : chance : what do you do to he ? . man : worry about yourself --- he 's all right . but he be not g0ing to be and neither be you unless you do what you be tell , : feather start out the door , Colorado hold she , colorado : if you want to get he shot just go out there , feather : . be you just go to stand here ? 116 , . ext , HOTEL , day man speak to chance , man : . now sheriff , we be go over to the jail . - we'tre go to take Joe burdette , or you and you deputy be go to stop worry about the whole thing . take you choice , . ms 117 . 118 , 129 , 120 , " rio bravo " : 326/58 ' final - . int . HOTEL day , Colorado ' speak to feather , . colorado : : if you want . to do something --- when I get out on the porch in the clear , throw that flower pot through . that window , understand ? and duck after you throw it , feather nod and pick up the flower pot - as Colorado walk out the front door , as though he be unaware that anything be wrong . oo ext . HOTEL ' day as Colorado stop casually , then look surprised as one of the '' man speak . to he , . man : , . just keep come , mister , - . colorado : me? man : ' yes , you , the flower pot hit the window with a crash . all three man turn . Colorado pick up chance 's rifle with one hand , throw - ing it tc he as he draw he own gun with the other . thing happen very fast , chance cut loose with he rifle , Colorado with he gun , there be a violent burst of gunfire and the three man be dead , . . ext , STREET . day up the street , the counterfeit dude see what have happen and start to ride away . ext . HOTEL . day chance shoot at the counterfeit dude and he fall . chance jump on.one of the horse and hurry up the street as feather come out of the hotel , feather ; where 's he go ? . colorado : to see whatt happen to he deputy . 221 , 123. " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 8s. ext . road day as chance gallop up to where the dead man lie in the road rear the barn . chance look at he long enough to make sure he 's dead , then look around for dude , riding into the barnyard , ext . barnyard . Day chance see the mark where dude be drag into the barn , jump off the horse and run to the door . int . barn : day as chance throw open the door and run in . dude be lie bound and gag , still wet from he ducking and cover with dirt and straw from the barn floor . chance pull the gag out of he mouth , . chance : you all right ? dude : . ( dazedly ) . what would they do ? I hear shoot --- : chance : ‘( start to untie he ) : they get I cold . they be go to make I open the jail --- . . dude : what happen ? . chance : I do not have to . Colorado give I a hand , ( dude be now untied ; chance try to help he up ) dude ; : ( strike chance 'ts hand away ) I can get up by myself , ( he stand ) . if you would have he here instead of I 4t would not have happen , ( stand sway ) I let ‘em get I --- let tem walk right up and stick my head in a horse -trough . it be easy for tem , oh , I be good when I be sober . awful good . I should have know better , a man-ought the have sense encugh to know when he 's no good any more , ( start for the door ; chance catch he ) chance : where you go ? dude : ( quietly ) John , will you get you hand off I ? of 4 123 ( cont . ) 12 , " rio bravo " . 2/26/58 final . 86 chance : I ask you where ' you be go . dude : you get no use for &@ man you can not depend on , - . : nee let he go ) I be through . one bad night and I be no good . it be not any use , I can not do 4t . - 2 try , I try hard , but it do not work , : . ( hold out he sheke hand ) look at I . I goot them so bad I - -- what can a man do with hand like that ? it 's no use . I try , and look where it get I --. T quit , John . I quit . chance ; all rignt , quit . itm not hold you . you want to quit , quit . go on , run back to the bottle , get ano , only one thing ~ -- next time somebody throw a doller @ spittoon , do not expect I to do something about it . just get down on you knee and go after it , moment while ' chance shake he head and feel '' trickle or blood from he lip . then dude 's . shoulder sag and he turn away , chance : ( slowly ) : of . last time you hit I you put I on the floor , maybe you be right , maybe you be not much good any more , ° come on down to the jail , ital give you the money you get come . - ( pick up hat from the floor ) here --- the fellow who take you hat must have leat this , it ought to pite - - yours rit hin , dude : ( put 1 on ) it fit , chance : you get something out of it , anyway . they go out , ext . HOTEL dar colorado : I guess dude 's all right , feather : I be glad . tor. ex " rio bravo " - . 2/26/58 final : 87. 124 , ( cont . ) colorado : come on , maybe a drink ! 11 help . they go into the hotel , 125 . ext , STREET : Day chance and dude riding along the street , dude look - completely whipped , dirty from head to foot , he face bruise , chance be very curt with he , chance : , wait for I at the jail . tel stumpy to give you a drink , dude turn aside to the jail . chance gee on to the hotel . 126 , ext . HOTEL Day as chance get off he horse . ' the undertaker turn from ex - amine the body ani speak to he . juanito , the boy who Plays the drum , be ' listen , count ' the fall , chance : there 's another one out at the edge of town , _ undertaker : what do we do with fem , sheriff ? chance ; . . you be the undertaker , bert . bury ‘em and send in you bill . the county ! 11 pay for it , undertaker : no need for that , each one of tem have two new fifty dollar bold piece in he pocket , chance : ' price be go up . undertaker : what 's that ? chance : nothing , bert , undertaker : I will take firty ror the lot . heret the rest , ( hand hin coin ) . ( continued ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 pinal 68. 126 ( cont .° ) - chance : ( take coin ) where 's Colorado ? the fellow that help I , undertaker : oh , he . he take the lady in the hotel . she be a little ' go over at the knee , chance : thanks , bert. : he stop to talk to the undertaker a moment longer , as we CUT to : 127 . int . HOTEL : day Colorado be with feather at the bar . she be finish a @rink . . : - . colorado : feeling any better ? feather : . ' oh , . sure , I - -- I will be all right . I just --- fe atl happen so fast I be just remember ( pause ) I almost make a mess of it , do not I - - start out to help ? . colorado : could have get he kill . man think about a woman at a time like that do not think good . go on . colorado : if you want to help he , stay away . if it happen again --- and it will - -- and you be anywhere around , run . if you can not run , get under a table , feather : have you ever be in love , Colorado ? ( continued ) 127 ( cont , ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final '' . 89 . . colorado : . I would say that 's all the more reason to give he a chance . when he 's not work , that 's different , when he 's work , give hin plenty of room . to fea 's thanks , Colorado , ( she turn away , then back again ) thanks for save he life , thanks for the advice , and thanks for not blame I for get you into it . : . : colorado : you do not . maybe you prodd a bit , dut do not lose any sleep over it . 7 feather : it will be the other way around with you i n '4t . 's get a better chance , : she leave he , Colorado lock after she , and then go to - the door and meet chance come in . colorado : hi ; sherirr . see you come back . dude look all right . chance : yeah . thanks to you . I do not have a hope till you come in . colorado : . you can thank that girl feather too . she heave that flower pot through the window , scare ‘em . do you see they face ? . chance : scare I , too , colorado : that give we the edge we - need . chance : ' how do you happen to get into it ? colorado : she be go out to help you . how I dentt know and neither do she , instead , it . be I go out . chance : so that 's you reason , colorado : mae '' 327 ( cont .1 ) 128 , " rio bravo " 2/26/58 pinal . 90 ° chance : . wheeler just talk about help I . you save my neck , and burdette 's not go to kiss you for do it . so you be in . and do not tell I you . do not think about that . before you do it , I mean . colorado : : if I be go to get shot at I might as well get pay for it . how do I get a badge ? chance : come on , I will give you one . : ( start out , then pause ) I ought to tell you dude 's quit .. colorado : ~ . I be sorry for that --- but I figure why be not my business . — : . chance : - you get peculiar way of choose what be you - business . ( as they go out ) any of that three say anything before they die ? colorado : they be go before they hit the ground . . chance : . everybody shoot too good . I would like to get one that can talk , . they go.out. cur to : int . jail - day stumpy be talk excitedly to dude . the bottle be on the desk untouched , dude be in bad shape . stumpy : you tell I they be go to bring chance in here and make I give up Joe ? damn fool --- chance - come in here - with three stranger and tell I to unlock the door ? what do they think I be go to do ? you kmow what I would do . I would start blast . ( turn suddenly on dude , who be . stare at nothing and not listen ) say , where would you get that hat ? dude : channa wove th ha mn " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final - 91. 128 ( cont . ) . ghance 's voice calis from outside , chance' voice : stumpy ! I be come in , - stumpy : ( call back ) come ahead . ( to dude ) . see , he be not too proud to yell , chance come in with Colorado . chance ignore dude , who stare now at he and Colorado with a.k of blank misery , chance : ( to stumpy ) where be that deputy badge ? stumpy : right hand drawer . chance . open the drawer , take out @ badge , then rummages further . , " @uanee : where 's the book --- the one have the oath in it ? a stumpy : how do I mow ? if you can not take care of you own trap do not look for I todo it , . chance : ( turn to Colorado ) this will have to do . raise you right hand . do you swear to take on all the duty of a sheriff 's deputy ~-- stumpy : you get 's another : adiot do not imow when he 's well orf ? chance : ( ignore he ) werunder the law of presidio County in the state of Texas ? . colorado : I do . chance : ( pin badge on he ) and that include take order from I . vim astern : . " rio bravo " 2/26/58 -~ final 92. rf . 4 '' 228 ( cont .1 ) : 's : colorado : okay , sheriff . give I one . , chance : better go over to the hotel and get you sturf eo~move in here . ( as Colorado laugh ) what be you laugh at colorado : what I get myself in for , go out . ) stumpy : well , he 's cheerful about it , anyway .. there be a silence . " | dude : how good be he ? uo chance : he 's all right , - . , : dude : | as good as wheeler say he be ? chance : . ee get two of tem - -- throw I my gun and get one while it be still in the air , dude : be he as good as I use to be ? chance : it would be pretty close . I would hate to have to live on the difference . . dude : : then you get the best of it . him for I , ( take off he badge and throw it down ) . stumpy : what be you talk about ? whattre you . say , he for I ? o~ ( to chance ) : what 's he mean ? nobody tell I anything . have chance : . . you hear he . he 's quit . stumpy : ( the dae ) '' rio bravo . - : 2/26/58 ~~ pinal . 93. 8 ( cont .2 ) : 228 ( dude : look at I , ( hold out he shaking hand ) look , be not that pretty ? shake worse all the time . what can a man do with hand like that ? go on , tell I . what can he do ? '' stumpy : for God 's sake take a drink . you safd chance tell you to , . : _ ( to chance ) _ : : you do , do not . you ? do not you sey it ? chance : he can take the whole bottle . ss 7 . go on , dude . go.on , dude smile and pour a drink , ' spilling the liquor . just as he have . finish the piano in the Rio bravo saloon , which have - be silent during the previous excitement , start again and -~ . the note of the deguello come strongly through the window . dude ' turn he head . stumpy go to the window and start to close it , : : dude : no , do not close it . stumpy leave it open . dude listen to the os. deguello , and a change come over he . after a minute , deliberately , he pour the drink back into the bottle , . dude : never spill a drop . : ( hold out he hand ang look ; at they ) shake be go ~ -- just because of a piece of music . till they start playinz that piece I forget how I get into this thing . plain forget . if they keep on play that music I do not think I will forget again . . ( to chance ) if you want to give I another shot at it , John , stumpy can put that bottle away . , chance : ( to stumpy ) put it away . stumpy : ( pick up the bottle ) : bring it out --- put it back --- nobody ask I if i need a drink . and I be not go to wait fan tom er nnd to " rio bravo " 2/26/58 on : final * she \.» 228. ( cont .3 ) dude : ( put on he badge again ) I be go on watch again , unless you get something else for I to do , : chance : you could get clean up a little . stumpy : yok sure could . you be a hell of a look ' deputy . dude : . : I be better and I look , I can do that tonight . ( go to door ) if you think of it , send I - some lunch . I . : teel like I could eat something . he go out , and there be a silence . stumpy : : ( after a long pause ) : . ' he 's get nothin ' in he stomach but gut . ~~ . ( loudly , to chance ) ; quit worry about he and worry about I . fk you know what to do about he . he 's go to : be all right , but I be not . that get my goat . T can not take that . I vea not watch a man - -- : ( as chance go to door ) where you go ? chance : a '' T be go to get dude some lunch , and you better - .._ stumpy I know , I know . get back in my hole , chance : '' no , you better watch out when Colorado come . back , I forget to tell he how trigger - happy you be . we get a good man , he 's get to watch you to keep from get shot full of hole . we follow chance on he exit and see the happiness in he face , fade out . fade in 129 . int . jail ; night _ dude be sleep , stumpy be watch from window , and we see chance and Colorado walk up the Street , on opposite side . 130 . 131 . 132-6 133 - " rio bravo " 2/26/58 pinal 5. ext . rio bravo SALOON niget : near the Rio bravo saloon a man watch chance and Colorado walk away from he up the street . he light a cigareste in such a way thet we know it be a signal . ext . back STREET . night / a man wait on the back street see the signal . he run to the blacksmith 's shop where there be a. fire still smould - ering in the forge . he throw a handful of cartridge into the fire and run quickly to a group of shadowy horsenen and get ‘on he own horse . : ext . STREET night there be the sudden SOUND of a shot . chance stop . Colorado , _ join he . they be in the middle of a@ block of building , colorado : sounded like it come from over there . a couple more shot go off , Colorado start to move . chance stop he . oo . : chance : hold it , listen a minute - -- - ( turn toward sudden SOUND : of hoofbeat os . ) look out ! ext . STREET , night horseman appear around corner on a dead run , head for they , they gun out . Colorado dive into the street in front of the horse . the man shoot at he but can not hit hém because | the horse jump over Colorado . chance shoot from beside | the building . Colorado shoot after the man pass he , dude join in from door of jail . two or three man go off they horse . one. man be gragge off up the street , he foot catch in the stirrup . Colorado join chance . colorado : sorry to have leave you , but there be no sense in we be close together , chance : glad you do , nobody shot at I . they be after you . ( more shot &° off ) ( continued ) 133 ( cont . ) 234 . chance 13 gee off , " rio bravo " , 3/26/58 final colorado : what be that ? . chance : - we will see . ( as they move toward smithy ) how come that dive under the horse ? colorado : '' : . horse will not step on a man . and a man cant + shoot good if he horse be jump , lock into the blacksmith 's shop . another shot colorado : what be it ? chance : keep back . somebody throw a handful of cartridge into the fire . figure to catch we . but they make a different sound , not be in the gun barrel . ' they walk back down the street ‘to dude who ig near some of t ' man who have be shot . int . jail chance : - where any of tem able to talk ? dude : : only one of them - .. and he only have time for three word .. : chance : what do he say ? dude : T could not repeat itin front of the kid , chance : if we keep on like '' this , that kid who Plays the @rum will be the richest man in town , dissolve to : night chance , dude , Colorado , and stumpy . Colorado be sing a song about a man with a bull by the tall , who fall ina cy clone cellar and stay there till ) help come .. through the song chance be think , and at a line of the song he turn . ( continued ) 13h ( cont . ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final . 97 . chance ; : that fellow have -sense .. get into a hole and stay there . for should have he hand . he 's after I -- he 's not boing to rush the jail . best thing would be to hole up right here and - wait for the marshal , be just three , four day more , . how much food you get , stumpy ? snough for stumpy ; plenty , if you can eat what I eat , chance : Water and pirewood ? stumpy : pill up this morning , what we need be b ts , tobaceo , and match , too -- less you get plenty , . colorado : he have not , . . stumpy : and a few bottle of beer , eh , dude ? 2 thanks , stumpy . . | '' stumpy : ' nother thing -- if we ! spend three , four day together , kinda elose like , might be a good thing if a be to do what he say he would . a horse ~ barn 's all right , but it be not no place for & man to roll around in . ddde : all right , all right . , stumpy : I , I like rose but he be not no rise -- this fellow I be talk about , : dude : I will take a bath , I saia i would , ( cont inved ) on a '' 33h ( cont . 2 ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 pinal 98. : stumpy : I do not have no idea you would not , dude , twas just wonder when . dude : ( to : chance ) come on , he will keep talk till we get out of here , I will take a bath while you get the stuff gather up . stumpy : and yell when you come back . you always look different when you be clean , chance and dude go out . 135 . int . HOTEL . night feather be behind the bar . it be late . there be no customer . the light be dim . chance and dude come in and speak to carlos . . she listen and hear what they say . chance : . carlos , I be go to sleep over at the jail . we all be . we need some more . blanket , plenty of tabacco and match --- dude : and some beer , too. ( go upstairs ) : chance : ( to. carlos ) get them together for we , will you ? dude 's go to take a bath . I '11 be watch . let I know when you get everything ready . carlo : . I be giad . I be ashamed to say --- but . I have be afraid something bad happen here , ( start out ) I get all ready , ( go 136 . int . kitchen night . as carlos hurry in , . carlo : consuela , we must < == ( continued ) _ 1376 ~ 138 . '' ( 136 ( cont ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 roinay a , af 15 stop as he see there be several man in the kitchen , they have consuela tie up and bag . . man : ( to carlos ) do not make & noise or you wife will get hur the they gag carlos . one of the man look gut through . the door. : int . HOTEL night from p.o.v. of man at kitchen door , feather be just — go upstairs . int . upstair hall night as feather arrive upstairs . dude have he clean clothes and be go into the bathroom .. he 's not wear he gun . . : chance : . ( to dude ) hurry it up , now , dude : ( to feather ) feather , you have not get any soap that smell like a rise , have you ? . feather : I have get some but it be not rise . it smelis like «« - dude : stumpy like rose . €haxce : {as dude go into bathroom ) burry it up , will you ? feather : ( to chance ) , what 's this sbout move to the jail ? chance : something I should have do two or three day ago . ( continued ) oe a 's 139 . 140 . o~ " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 100 . 138 ( cont . ) feather : be you sorry you do not ? | chance : no , no I be not . be you ? feather : zi imow a easy way of tell you . ( she kiss he ) dude : ( 0.8. - in bathroom ) , hey , chance ! there 's no towel in here . chance : I be busy . dude : ( 0.8. in bathroom ) what do you say ? oo chance : somebody 's tell I : something . dude : ( stick he head out : the bathroom door ) I can not hear you . get I a towel , - will you ? " feather : . ( to chance ) . go on . I will finish tell you later . : cuut to : int . HOTEL wight man who have be watch at the foot of the stair go back to the kitchen . int . kitchen . night as the man come in and speak to that wait inside , man : the dude go in to take a bath . I could not see good but I do not think . he have he gun . the sheriff 's talk to the girl , he 's get he gun . ~ '' who ( cont . ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final : 2101 , : ancther man : zi do not want to be the one to go up and get he , . man : burdette want he alive , another man : . then do not talk so loud . he hear you , he '22 come charge down here with that rifle and we will have to kill hin , . man : ( look thoughtful ) that might work , another man : what ? man : . the. stair be pretty dark , we stretch a rope across : them --- and let he hear something , ( point to rope in corner ) gimme a piece of that rope . CUT to : U2 . int . upstair hall . night chance and feather , . feather : I do not suppose I could come by once in &@ while --- see if you need anything . chance : I do not want you anywhere around there ; feather : I be efraia of that , then I will not see you for three or four da se : : ( kiss he that 's a long time , chance : you will live through it , ( continued ) ~~ aha ( conte ) " ub . " rio bravo " 26/58 - final : . ee feather : you do the same , . ( she go into she room ) cur to : int . HOTEL a night the stretch of the rope across the stair be ' finish , he man come out of the kitchen , one man stand in the door to the kitchen , he see everything be ready and nod back inside , int . kitchen _ nicer the man leave in the kitchen take the ag from consuela 'ts mouth , : : : man : now lady , we want you - to call the sheriff down . here , : . . - ( consuela sheies she head in stubborn refusal ) maybe this will help . ' ( he pick up &@ bottle , break it , and start for carlos with the jag glass ) consuela : ( sere ) . no , do not --- go ! t--- do not --. cuT to : int . upstair hall _ nigh chance , on he way to the bathroom with a towel , hear tha scream and run for the stair , int . HOTEL nicur as chance run down the stair . he trip on the rope . his rifle fly out of he hand as he take a terrific header and hit the floor . he slide across floor and crash into post or table . Three man jump he and hit he on the head with gun-barrel , two other man rush upstairs , om fot S uk6 . . ut. oo '' ~ ~ oe " rio bravo " 2/26/58 pinal / 203 . int . upstair ball night dude come run out of the bathroom with just he pants .on . he run for he gun in the other . room --- but the two man get he in the hall . the girl come out of she door , partly dress , : keep come , miss. ( to -other man ) whet 'il we do with she ? - other : : ( hold gun on dude ) tie she up . dissolve to : int . HOTEL '' night chance be on the floor , out . a bucket of water hit he dn the face . . he com to and sit up . around he be burdette 's man . two more be '' bring dude down the stair . ' dude be dress , man : . ( to chance } all right , get on you foot , hance get up shakily ) can you walk ? chance : where we go ? . man : . that 's up to you . we go over to the - jail - and you let Joe zo --- ( camera be on dude now as he listen to this ) or we tuck you two away and make a trade with stumy . take you choice , chance : . you will not make a trade with stumy . you will just get Joe kill . : man : not if he kmow we bot you two , ( cont inveD ) ( 7 ayz7 ( cont . ) '' x — _! " rio bravo " - 2/26/88 final : 104 , . dude : . they get we , chance . we be lick . take ‘em over to the jail . tell stumpy to open up and let Joe go .. ( chance just stare at he ) . I be tell you to do it } stumpy could not hold out , he 's get no food or water and he 's alone - -- nobody to get any water for he , he 's alone . go on , do it . chance : you know what you be say . dude : . I know what I be say and I !m think good , too . do what I tell you . chance : ( to man ) after you get Joe , what do you do ? man : all we want be Joe . chance : ( to dude ) you still think it 's a good idea . dude : I still think it 's good . ° chance : we 13 go over to the jail . man : ( to other man ) take the shell out of he gun . ( to man with dude ) you two stay here with dude , ( to chance ) , now look , sheriff - -- we be just go out of here natural like . you carry you gun . do not do anything to make anybody think something 's wrong . in case you get to explain to stumpy , tell he we put up bail for Joe , chance : burdette 's get this thing figure out pretty good , man : ( slapping chance 's face ) if it be up to I you would not have get up off the floor . some of that you kill be friend of mine . here 's you gun , you first . they go out . final o™ 148 . ext . STREET night chance and the man walk up the street to the jail . " rio bravo " 2/26/58 105 . man : ( as they near the jail ) . . yell to stumpy you be come in . we have be watch you , : chance : ( near the’ jail door , call ) stumpy ! it 's I , chance , . stumpy voice : , ( inside the jai2 ) : take you long enough . of man : ( to other man ) Steve , you cover from out here , . ( one man drop off and stay x . . outside as they go into the jail ) '' 149 . wr , gare night oo on . as chance and the man come in . stumpy be behing the bar . : door , : . . chance : stumpy , open up.e we be boing to let Joe bo . : stumpy : . how come ? chance ; his friend : here put up bail , ' stumpy : . gimme the key , then , they be over in you desk , chance : ( hesitate one instant , catch on ) I forget . . ( move toward the desk ) as chance move out of the line of fire , stumpy shoot ene barrel , then the other , the man fall . chance grab for a rifle in the gunrack , Colorado appear from the back of the gail , behing stumpy . - as the man who have be leave outside come in Colorado shoot twice . the man fall inside the ~ jail , wounded but alive , stumpy unlock the bar door , : ( conrinven ) a ty " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final . 106 , with w9 ( cont . ) 150 . 151 . 152 , and colorade come through . colorado : ( hook at wounded man ) : this fellow will talk . I just break he arm and leg . - chance : ( grimly , head for door ) : watch he , ' I be go to get dude , ( go out : stumpy : ( to Colorado ) go with he . I can take care ef this guy . ( Colorado follow chance ) * ext , STREET night chance be part way to the hotel as Colorado run efter he , int , HOTEL : : night chance come in carefully . Colorado be behind hin , chance : carlos ... ' : carlo ' voice : over here , chance , they be go , chance go over to carlos , who be bound , carlo : . they light out with dude soon as they hear the shot , go out the back way . ( chance just stand ) chance , be not you go to untie I ? ce still do not move ) consuela , she be tie , too . and the girl , Colorado take out a knife and cut the cord bind carlos as chance go heavily up the stair , int , peather ' room night | hance come in and find the girl bound , he start to free Te feather : you get away from they again . how , John 7.7 rno '' " rio bravo " 2/26/58 's final - 107 . 152 ( cont . ) 153. chance : . T have a lot of help . I get away . but dude do not , feather : oh , not chance : I do not mean they kill he , they would have leave . he behind if they have , dissolve . 10 ; int . jail night chance , stumpy , Colorado , and carle , ' the jail have be | clean up and the body have be remove , there be three gold piece on the desk , . : chance : T can not : figure it . stumpys what ? : chance ; dude seem to mow just what you would do when rt walk in here and tell yon to open up , , stumpy : : sure he imew - - ~ sure he imew ! I tell he this morning before you ' come in , : I think he be crazy , but he know what he be do , he send I over here ~ - eand they know he do . '' they aintt 8eing to be happy about it , he could be dead by now . so we have to move fast .- ( tern to carlos ) carlos , you get word to burdette . how you do i+ be up to you . tell he r113 trade , I want dude . he can have Joe . stumpy : now you be crazy ! you can not do it . youtre sheriff --- you can not give up Joe , not if dude be you brother , : ( turn to Colorado ) aintt I right , kia ? colorado : dontt ask I . I be not the sheriff , itts whether chance want dude or Joe , 253 ( cont , ) 154 , int . gary later '' as '' rio brayot 2/26/58 pinal - 108 , 's chance : it3 no use , stumpy , I be Bing to do it . mf you go a reason herel one . duder be dead for two year , he come back because [ reeded he , you see what it take , for do not think ail ] that should bo for nothing , you want to change you . stum : . you be be to have I cry . where 's that bottle ? '' 4 man have to be & drunk to et anywhere around here , rtmy sing to start now , . chance : go ahead , carlos , just a minute , tig like to have my two cent morth ~--sort of bring up a Point . '' arter Nathan dette set Joe back , what 'ts sing to heppen ? het still get to live here , you wo not have any hold on he with joa go . the brake 11 ) be ort De se : stumpy : : that bother you ? well do not let it , burdette no not worry about chance , chance will not be nothin wo not have 2 badge , ang nobody ig listen to ything he have to s87 , we be he ' deputy , and nobody !72 listen to US , either , burdette all mow t too , ought to be plain as the nose on you ° chance : . go ahead , carlos , ( carlos ees ) dissolve to ; nichr carlos come in ang speak to chance carlo : he will make the trade , he will be in he place up the street , half a hour after sun - up , he will ) have de , if you bring Joe , hari ) be wait : '' . thanks , carlos , dissorve to : 155 . 156 , '' rio bravo " 2/26/58 final . 109 , ext , town " sunrise sunrise shot of town , then shot of feather at she window , watch , consuela at the hotel door , people gather silente " ly dn the street , : 7 . '' int . jarl sunrise — chance be look out the window , - chance : well , it 's about time , colorado : how if I go ehead and see if they be go to play any trick ? - chance : look out here , : ( beckon Colorado to window ) we be grawing quite a crowd , there will not be any trick , . ( pause ) : you will not have to Zoe . . colorado : T want to see it too , - . chance : you can do that with the rest , ; colorado : I would like &@ closer look , chance : ( to stumpy , who be make pre- paration to go with they ) you be not go , stumpy . stumpy ; wey ? give I one e0d reason} just give I one . chance : you do not agree with I on go this , ir you be not there it 's a sign you have no part of it , stumpy : that 's not good enough , chance : all right , heret the reel one . you have do a beod job here because you didntt have to move 8round too much , if anything happen up there o~ ®rio bravo " 2/26/58 ; pinal : . 2210 , 156 ( cont . ) . : 58 chance : ( cont . ) . you would have to move and move fast . I would feel better . if you be not there , .- stumpy : = * : ; that 's plain enough . okay , okay , I know when I be not want , I will just get back in my hole and get 8 little sleep for a change , . ( pause in the doorway ) : shall i.bring Joe out or do you want to do that yourself ? . chance : bring he out ; chance load up on cartridge , Colorado watch he , then go to the gunrack , 0 . colorado : I be go to take I a rifle and some extra shell , Joe can carry ‘em if they get heavy , . . ee stumpy come out with Joe . . . joe : ~ tr tell you I would get out of here . . . chance : ' ' - one more remark and we will carry you cut there . that understand ? . . ( open the door ) go ahead , 157 . ext . jail . uo sunrise they come out of the jail , Joe directly in front of chance , . they walk up the street . the people watch they : 158 , ext . STREET oy sunrise as they walk , , " chance ; ( to Joe ) turn here , Joe turn as direct , they go behind a stable , 159 . . int . stable ' morning ' as they come in from the back and walk through it . chance open the door face burdette 's warehouse . - 260 , " rio brayo " 2/26/58 chance walk out alone , final - 122 . ext . stable : . morning chance : ( yell ) Nathan ! wetre ready . Joe 's here , _ burdette : ( from warehouse ) we be ready too , I be go the start Joe , you can start dude , burdette : , ' go ahead , chance : ( to Joe in doorway ) . start walk , Joe . slow , if I teil you to stop , you stope - -- or r'1 } stop you . . . Joe start ) . -_- burdette : : ( shouting ) hold it , hold iti not yet , chance : come on back , Joe , ( Joe go back ; chance - shout ' to burdette ) what 's the matter ? burdette : dude will not leave , chance : dudel come on . I be tell you --- come on} dude : ( shouting from doorway . - of warehouse ) I be not come . I dentt want any part of it , chance : T be not ask you again . I be go to stert Joe , if you do not come the whole thing 's for nothing , {to Joe ) go ahead , remember - -- slow , Joe start walk slowly as chance watch burdette 's place , de come out and chance take a deep breath . on . 161. 162 , '' ~~ — 163. 164 , oo " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 212 , ext . yard morning shot - of both man , Joe and dude , walk toward each other , as they near each other dude dive at Joe , catch he around the waist . his impetus carry Joe back and to the side , crash into a small shack midway between burdette and chance , so . colorado : look out -- ={ two or three man start out of burdettet , chance shoot , drop one , another be hit , one run back inside , - int . stable Colorado grab the rifle he bring with he , . colorado : : . six -gun ere no good at that distance , . morning ( stop chance as he start out ) do not go ont , he 's all right as long as he hang - onto Joe , : '' burdette 's man be shoot now at the stable , chance and Colorado duck , . int . shack - morning dude and Joe be in a fight . int . stable morning Colorado and chance by the door , colorado : how 's he do ? chance : he 's little , but he can take Joe , ( shoot and a mn fall from a window in burdette !s place ) can you throw a gun to where dude be ? colorado : it 's kind of tare -- but I can try . it coulda go off , chance : : get ready if dude need one , dude : ( shouting from shack ) chance ! chanea. nan no . " rio bravo " 2/26/58 . 113. final 1 cont. ) oy ( : chance : what be it ? dude : ... : zt get Joe . he can not walk , but I can drag he . chance : stay where you be . we will throw you a gun , otion to Colorado , whe throw | gun ; - it land a little short ) wait till we start shoot , then grab it quick . _ {to Colorado ) shoot fast . chance and Colorado work they gun fast , and dude get the gun . colorado : ( point to burdette 's ) that start something . six or eight of burdette 's man go out of the warehouse on the far side , oo . chance : there 's more of them , more man come out on dude 's side . there be partial cover on '' ' the way . a couple go down . other make it behind something . : colorado : they be get a long way away --- too far for good ' shoot . as three or four of burdettet man run from one bit of cover toward another , there be the blast of a shotgun , both barreis , on the side away from dude . the man go down , colorado + who 's that ? chance : stumpy with he shotgun . I might of know : the old devil would not stay behind when . there be shoot go on , colorado : ( craning he neck to see stumpy , who 's behind park wagon on a little rise ) he 's sit in a bad place , that be we wagon with the dynamite in them , chance : stum ( shouting in alarm ) pye " rio bravo " . pinal . 2/26 / ; 38 colorado : do not yell . if they know what 's there stumpy '1l get to heaven in a hurry , a voice : T will go tell he . ( they turn startledly ; it 's carlos ) here 's some more shell . maybe you need they . ( give they shell , then go out the back way ) chance : who will turn up next ?- colorado : | . maybe the girl , with another flower pot , we could use it , '' ~ ~ 164 . ( cont .1 ) aw : . dude be watch from the shack , a man try to run from " . the warehouse . dude get he . colorado : that 's good with a short gun . we be in pretty ' good shape if nobody come in from behind . z : : mo , chance : . take a look just in case . ‘( Colorado start for the back door ) 265 , ext . hill morning cerlos crawl behind a rock on the slope , he 's fairly near stumpy , who 's sit on a park wagon , fire at burdettes . to , carlo : : stumpy ! stumpy , do not shoot it 's I , carlos . do not shoot , : | stumpy : what do you want ? carlo : that wagon you be sit on -=-= it be full of dynamite ! | stumpy : . ( jump ) Holy jumping jehosephat ! why do not a anybody ever tell I anything ? . carlo : : do not shoot any more == cause if they shoot back at you -- ( suddenly realize that stumpy have duck out of sight ) stumne want haan mat mote a 166 . 167 . _ —_ 168 , on '' rio bravo " 2/26/58 final '' 115 . int . stable morning '' chance and Colorado be watch , , , colorado : " carlos get there yet ? — chance : T do not see he . I do not know if stumpy can get away from there without they . get he . ( suddenly ) look ! look at that !. there be smoke come up from the wagon . chance : the old fool set the wagon on fire . ext . hill : : , morning carlos call frantically from behind he rock , or fence . , : carlo : stumpy , hurry up --- hurry up ! stumpy woat do you think I be do --- take a siesta ? stumpy have a pry under the wheel of the wagon . it start to move and he scramble away . . . : . carlo : eurry ---burry } int . stable . morning ' chance and Colorado watch , ' the wagon , on fire , appear from behind a shed and roll toward the burdettes ' , colorado : look what he 's do . ' that 's the fellow you leave behind , the wagon roll on as man start to fire at it from the burdettes ! , : colorado : look like it will miss they end come this way chance : get to work ! ( they fire rapidly ) 169 . 170 . 171 . . 172 . 173. 17h . " rio bravo " 2/26/58 . . pinal | . 126 , ext . yard morning the wagon suddenly explode as it pass burdettes ' , Men run out on the far side of the building be knock flat , int , stable morning chance and Colorado duck as the stable be shake by ' the blast , ext . hill . morning stumpy and carlos pick . themselves up from where they be throw . . . int . shed " morning dude and Joe also shake by the blast , ext . yard morning the whole scene around burdettes ! be cover with dust - end smoke , : change : ( yell from the stable ) dudel be you all right ? . . dude : - ( from the shed ) sure . I fall on Joe . colorado : ( point to burdettes ) gook like there 's no fight leave in tem . out of the smoke and dust come man with they hand up . : fade out . fade in ext , STREET day burdette 's man sre walk down the street . four or five of they be pull a old cart with stumpy in it . carlos wall beside stumpy . Nathan and Joe be walk together . chance , dude , and Colorado be behind . along the street the build - ing have break window from the blast . people be watch - ing . consuela be among they . she run toward carlos . fcowenmmnen ) ( 175 . 176 . os oly ( cont . ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final : 117. consuela : cerlos ! carios --. carlos go to she , dude : . ( to chance as they pass the Rio bravo saloon ) - hold it a minute , he disappear into the saloon , take with he a man who be watch , . : : : colorado : what 's ho do --- get earunk ? chance shake he head . the music of the deguello start . dude : . ( come out of the saloon ) -- this be for you , Nathan , : - stumpy ; get in step there ! - hup---hup---hup-~- feather be in the . background of the crowd watch as old stumpy Marches the man into the jail , with chance , dude , and ' Colorado , feather be cry . she turn and go quickly from the scene , chance do not - see she , juanito , the boy who play the drum , be close by the man , look eager . fade out . fade in ext , STREET sunset dude and Colorado come to the jail . int . jarl , sunset : chance be walk up and down , stumpy be come from the rear of the jail , dude and Colorado come in . dude : : outside of that we get in here , there be not a burdette man leat in tow , every one of ten clear out . - we will not heve any more trouble , what about we prisoner ? do we take ‘em over '' to presidio now or wait for the manohn1e 4 176 { cont . ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 . final 118. . chance : : we will let the marshal worry about it . stumpy . do not mind cooking for tem , : stumpy : . sure , sure . I have to cook for tem , nobody think about I . I have be sit back there till i. feel like a prairie dog or a burrow owl . when I go out today I could not see in the daylight . that 's why I climb on that dynamite , it 's get dark enough so I will not hurt my eye , and if --- colorado : what do you want I to do --- watch for a while ? go on .. . : stumpy : how would you guess ! it will get slicked up a smidge and get I a drink or so , stumpy and Colorado go back into the eell corridor . . dude : ( to chance ) ezave you see that girl yet ? : chance : - : have not have time . dude : Fort Worth stage come in . they rum at night . should be leave soon --- chance : you mean she 's go on it ? dude : I do not kmow . seem like you_do not either . if it be I , I would fing out . TI - would not be stubborn about it and walk around like ea tie - up jackass want to . ( chance grab he by the shirt ) " course you be the expert , and I --- I dontt lmow anything about woman , - chance : . next you will be tell I you do not even remember one , dude : man forget . ' sometimes 1t be not easy , but something happen and he forget . . ( chance let he go ) case you be interested , I have . I do not even want a drink . chance : well it 's about time , you be a danm nuisance to take care of , " rio bravo " - 2/26/58 final 19 . - 176 ( cont . 2 ) '' 7 dude : be : if you want to jump into it , I can take care of you . stumpy : ( come in from rear of jail ) : why ? what be you go to take care of he for ? ) tell I --- dude : sheriff 's get himself a girl . chance : shut up , will you ? stumpy : : no fool . my God , we go to have to go through this all again ? I will not do it . I be - tell you --- once be enough . I can not take ite -- . chance : on , shut up ! . . stumpy : : ao . then Tel ] I about it , nobody tell I anything --~ ( as chance go out ) . where you go ? dude : ' let he go . dissolve 0: 177 . int . upstair hall sunset chance come upstairs and meet consuela , who be just come out of feather ! room . . consuela : ; . ah , senor chance --- everything be all right , eh ? that be good , very good . I be so happy . chance : thanks , consuela . consuela : you look for the girl , eh ? she be here , ( motion he to door ) ~~ look . that be nice , eh ? pretty good , 2 I think you like . no get time --- hah ! ( she go ) ( continued ) " rio bravo " 2/26/58 final 120 . '' f™ 478 , int . feather ! room sunset - ' as chance come in . feather be dress in tight . she '' sit in a chair tie she shoe . : feather : hi. just a minute till I get my shoe tie . ( stand up and walk toward he - -- he stare at she ) . well , it 's ell over , be not it , John 1.7 everything be -~- chance : where do you get that thing ? - feather : I wear they the last place I work , . chance : '' : . what be you wear them now for ? feather : . tonight 's a big night . - consuela think ea . little entertainment might help . I be go oo to do a song . . chance : you need a rig like that to sing ? feather : you have not hear I sing . my leg be not so bad . consuela think this might help .. but | you do not like they , chance : I do not say I do not like they . feather : and you do not want I to wear they . chance : T do not say that , feather : be it because they show so rich of I ? chance : they certainly do that , be ~ . feather : . oh , youtre a stubborn man , John T. sometimes I know what you be think , but other timas - -- you can not make up you mind about I , can you ? ( continued ) " rio bravo " . 2/26/58 o~ : . final - : 121. 178 ( cont . ) : . : feather : ( cont . ) : you like what you see , you like kissing I , you like what you touch , but you decide in the be - gin what kind of a girl I be and I haven 's help mich . I wear this before I meet you . i want you to know it --- to know what kind of a girl you be get . I want you to get that funny look on you face and tell I not to wear they , . it do not work . you do not even get mad . I say once you would not have to say anything , . that I would know . but I do not imow , so you be go - to have to talk , I be hard to get , John 7 . . you be go to 's have to say , you want I . {she start to go ) . chance : . waere you go ? feather : downstair . .. . a chance : ~~ , you better not . — 2 3 why have I better not ? : chance : because I be still sheriff ; you wear that thing in public and I will arrest you . : feather : . oh John t.--- I have wait so long for you to say that . I think that you would never --- : chance : . . never mind , never mind that now . just get that darn thing off , I will wait outside . feather : ( go behind screen ) you do not have to do that , silly , I can use this screen . besides , I want you to stay here . you do not have to go now because the other thing be all over . I be try to hurry but I be all finger , what I have to go through ! put on tight , : ask you question , start to walk out . I be of afraid you be never go to say it . chance : say what ? . ( continued ) " RTO bravo " 2/26/58 final 122. that you love ms . 8 ( cont. ~~ 178 ( conte2 ) feather : 1796 chance : zi say I would arrest you . feather : : ' it mean the same thing , you know that . you just will not say it . '' I will have to get use to you . we be different . I , I just talk all the time . . chance : you certainly do . . feather : : you will get use to that . you will have to . that , or start talk too . my ( come out from behind screen , bare= - foote and wear a robe ; she carry the tight ) : tell I , this tight --- why do not you want I to wear they ? - chance : : I do not want anyone but I to see you in they : feather : , oh , . i- like that . you be get better already . should I save this and wear they just for you ? I will just keep talk unless you stop I . chance : I only know ( one way to do that . chance reach for she and as he arm go around she she throw the tight out of the window . ext . HOTEL sunset in the street the tight fall in front of dude and stumpy . stumpy hold they up and look up at the window . : stumpy : think I will ever get to bea sheriff ? dude : not unless you mind you own business ! stumpy wrap the tight around he neck like a muffler and they walk away down the street as we : fade out . to ia its ibs ( = lo