rise of the guardian written by David Lindsay -abaire screen script 9/6/12 seq . 125 - alone in the world darkness jack ( v.o . ) darkness . that 's the first thing I remember . it be dark , and it be cold . and I be scared . the silhouette of a body appear as it drift into a ray of light , refracted through water , which turn into ... a moon - see in reflection on a sheet of ice the moonlight intensify almost magically , and the ice above begin to spider - web and crack . ext . frozen pond - night snow - cover tree in every direction . the ice in the pond continue to crack , until finally a hole splinter open . a young man float out of the water , bath in the intense moonlight . this be jack frost - thin , pale , barefoot , he tousle hair frost white . jack ( v.o . ) but then ... then I see the moon . it be so big and it be so bright , and it seem to chase the darkness away . and when it do ... I be not scared anymore . Jack float back down onto the ice as the hole close up underneath he . jack ( v.o . ) why I be there , and what I be mean to do - that I have never know . and a part of I wonder if I ever will . Jack look around , confuse , then turn toward the moonlight as it dim a bit . Jack carefully tread across the ice until he hit something with he foot . he look down , and at he foot be a wooden staff . curious , he pick it up . almost immediately the staff begin to glow a cold blue in he hand . odd . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 2. Jack almost drop it as the base of the staff come in contact with the ground . frost shoot out and spread across the ice . Jack be visibly confuse . he touch a few tree with he staff send frost up they trunk . then he swing the staff again , more confident , as he begin to run across the freeze pond . another swing , and a gust of wind swirl he high up into the air . Jack float for a moment only to fall back down to earth and into the tree . Jack grab hold of a tree branch and pull himself up to see a small town off in the distance . ext . burgess settlement - town CENTER - continuous a collection of simple timber house with thatched roof . Jack come in for a landing , and it 's a rocky one . he stand up , still elate , and brushes himself off . as Jack make he way into town , settler be warming they hand by campfire . Jack do not recognize anyone . jack ( to the townsfolk ) hello . hello . good evening , mar 'am . ( beat ) ma'am ? the settler walk past Jack , not notice he . Jack crouch down as a young boy run toward he . jack oh , ah , excuse I , can you tell I where I be ? the boy run right through Jack , as if he be a ghost . Jack stagger back in shock . he 's speechless , as if the wind have be knock out he . his emotion cause it to snow . jack hello ! hello ! townsfolk continue to pass through Jack , unaware of he presence . shaken , Jack turn and retreat into the forest . jack ( v.o . ) my name be Jack frost -- how do I know that ? the moon tell I so . but that be all he ever tell I . and that be a long , long time ago . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 3. we pan up as the moon shine down over the snow cover tree . CUT to : seq . 175 - intro to NORTH ext . NORTH pole - dusk fiery gypsy violin music as we move through cloud to reveal a massive ice canyon , and just around a bend , the incredible hide fortress of NORTH , aka santa claus . int . north's workshop - dusk we glimpse a familiar - look red jacket and cap with white trim on a coat hanger just as a pair of tong slam a block of ice onto a stone work table -- in quick cut : a chainsaw shear the block in half , spraying ice . North lift up the chainsaw revealing a massive tatoo on he arm , the word naughty clearly visible . Three elve huddle in a doorway around a plate of cookie , each lick they own tasty morsel . NORTH ( o.s. ) still wait for cookie ! as North cross the background , the elve lower the cookie from they mouth , they face freeze in fear . the elve duck out of the way as North launch himself across the floor on he roll chair -- close as he huge hand grope furiously among he work tool , finally grab a miniature hammer . as North 's hum along with he music , delicately chiseling into the ice , we see a second arm sleeve tatoo , the word nice clearly visible -- his intense blue eye magnify in a jeweler' eyepiece -- a delicate sculpting tool cut fine detail into the ice -- his hand place the finish piece on a curving ice track : a ice locomotive . it belch ice vapor and chug down the track , pick up speed -- NORTH yes ! North 's hand grab a cookie from a plate hold up by the two elve . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 4. one of the elve give he cohort a look and point to the plate as it chew with a mouth full of food , to which it then unfurl its tongue and let the half eat morsel spill out onto the plate . NORTH ah , finally ! he take a bite and lean toward the ice track . he chuckle as the train hit a loop , and launch off a ramp into midair -- then wing unfold -- jet engine sprout and ignite and the train lift off the track -- suddenly , the door be throw open by one of North 's concerned yetis , send the fly ice locomotive skid across the floor in piece . yeti arghbal ... NORTH ach ! the yeti cry out cover he mouth in shame . North cry out , devastate . the yeti , equally emotional , let out another whimper . North look down at the break toy and take a moment to collect himself . NORTH how many time have I tell you to knock ? yeti warga blarghgha ! NORTH what ...? the Globe ? North leap up -- draw a huge scimitar from its sheath and head out -- int . north's globe room - continuous a sea of tiny bell on the head of panic elve part as North 's huge boot stomp through . NORTH shoo with you pointy head . why be you always under boot ? he push he way past a couple of he yeti worker -- they be look up in fear at - guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 5 . the globe of belief cover with light blankete the continent . but North notice that all at once , hundred of light suddenly go out . NORTH what be this ? now more light , in greater number , as if something be snuffing they out by the thousand . North 's concern grow . NORTH ( to yeti ) have you check the axis ? be rotation balanced ? yeti ( shrug shoulder ) wardle bawddrel . before the yeti can finish , a wind whip up from out of nowhere -- North stare in outrage as a blanket of swirling black sand , crawl over the light , and shroud the entire globe in inky darkness -- the elve scurry in a panic , then all at once the black sand whooshes up off the Globe -- rush up through the ceiling as the remain sand burst into a puff of smoke and dissipate into the air -- as the wind die , the scattered piece of debris settle to the ground , and the globe light come back on , North whirl to see a huge shadow flash across the floor and curving wall of he fortress . it quickly disappear , leave nothing but the distant echo of ... laughter ? North be freeze , look up into the darkness , gravely : NORTH can it be ? ( then call off ) Dingle ! a group of elve step forward gleefully point to themselves , as if they be all " Dingle " . the excitement quickly turn to confusion . NORTH make preparation ! we be go to have company . North reach out for a large emergency lever , twist and presses it -- guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 6. the Globe pulse with ENERGY , which light up and zoom up the axis shaft toward the roof -- ext . NORTH pole - continuous from the tallest spire of North 's fortress , northern light ENERGY radiate outward : for the first time in decade , the guardian ' call goe out ! CUT to : seq . 225 - guardian gather int . child bedroom - night a little fairy , carry a coin , fly above the head of a sleep child . she quickly duck under the pillow and come out the other side with a tooth in hand . ext . tooth's palace - day hundred of fairy fly toward a hollow out mountain , this be tooth 's palace and it 's a majestic site . int . tooth's palace dozen of tiny fairy flit about . teeth be file away in tiny wooden drawer . coin be hand out . tooth ( o.s. ) Chicago , sector 6 -- 37 molar , 22 bicuspid , 18 central incisor . Moscow , sector 9 -- 22 incisor , 18 premolar : uh oh , heavy rain advisory ! ( beat ) Des Moines , we have get a cuspid at 23 maple . head out ! a hive of activity , and at the center a winge figure bark out order like a harry air-traffic controller . this be tooth . a Mini tooth Fairy fly up to tooth as thousand of tiny mini tooth fairy continue they work behind they . tooth ( o.s. ) wait ! and suddenly everything stop . tooth whip around , and we finally see she beautiful face . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 7. she 's hold up a little tooth , and gaze at it with dreamy adoration . the surround fairy tweet with excitement . tooth ( cont 'd ) it 's she first tooth . have you ever see a more adorable lateral incisor in all of you life ?! ( gasp ) look how she flossed ! the fairy ' tweet turn to concern , turn tooth 's attention to North 's aurora signal stretch across the sky . she gasp , and fly off like a rocket toward the source of the signal , accompany by a few of she rank fairy . NORTH ( v.o . ) my fellow guardian - it be we job to watch over the child of the world , and keep they safe - to bring wonder , hope and dream . and so , I have call we all here for one reason , and one reason only - the child be in danger . much of this we hear over the follow ... ext . / int . child bedroom we pull out from the face of a sleep child to reveal a stream of sand swirl overhead . it 's a dream and it 's take the shape of a child play soccer . we follow the dreamsand stream out he window and up into the sky where we see dozen of strand of sand descend to earth . keep follow up , through majestic cloud ... ...to reveal a small , glowing golden cloud of dreamsand shimmer among the cloud , trail the golden thread . the strand be be control by a small portly figure , the sandman . suddenly , North 's emergency signal zip by . the sandman turn to look and he eye narrow , visibly concerned . Sandy close he eye and in a instant the dreamsand cloud suddenly swirl around he , change form into a small biplane , with Sandy in the cockpit . he barrel roll the plane into a dizzying dive through the spectacular cloudscape and fly off into the distance . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 8. NORTH ( v.o . ) a enemy we have keep at bay for century have finally decide to strike back . we alone can stop he . much of this we hear over the follow ... int . egg tunnel a few easter egg pop up out of the ground ; they little leg carry they out of the way of a fast approach object . speed along through a subterranean tunnel , we can barely keep up with a dimly - lit figure as it race at blind speed , leaping and zigzagge through a series of tunnel -- ext . a snowy expanse in the NORTH pole a hole open in the snow , and a pair of rabbit ear pop out . a huge rabbit climb out and brushes off the snow , annoyed . the six foot tall figure be bunnymund . bunnymund ah , it 's freezing . he shiver with cold , then go slogging through the snow . bunnymund ( cont 'd ) I can not feel my foot ! I can not feel my foot ! in the distance be North 's ornately decorate and dimly light palace build into the side of a mountain of ice . CUT to : seq . 250 - the ceremony int . globe room - night Sandy 's biplane circle the massive chamber , leave trail of dreamsand . NORTH ( o.s. ) cookie ? eggnog , anyone ? bunnymund ( o.s. ) oh , this better be good , North . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 9. tooth ( o.s. ) ( to she fairy ) montreal , sector six : ten premolar , eight incisor and twelve canine . steer clear of the wild goose migration . NORTH Sandy , thank you for come . Sandy descend from the plane and float to the ground . he join North , Bunny and tooth as they walk through the Globe room . Sand glyph appear above Sandy 's head communicate that he be busy and have a lot of work to do . NORTH ( to sandy ) I know , I know , but I obviously would not have call you all here unless it be serious . North , Bunny , tooth and Sandy reach the center of the room . tooth do she best to shush she mini-fairy . NORTH ( cont 'd ) the boogie man be here - at the pole . North point to the globe . the other guardian turn to look . tooth ( shocked ) pitch ? pitch Black ? here ?! NORTH yes ! there be black sand cover the globe . bunnymund ( confuse ) what , what ... what do you mean black sand ? NORTH and then a shadow ! bunnymund hold on , hold on , I think you say you see pitch . NORTH well , ah , not exactly ... guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 10 . bunnymund not exactly ? can you believe this guy ? Bunny turn to Sandy , who shrug while form a dreamsand question mark above he head . bunnymund yeah , you say it , Sandy . Bunny go back to painting one of he Easter egg . NORTH look , he be up to something very bad . I feel it , in my belly . bunnymund ( he eye narrow ) hang on , hang on , you mean to say , you summon I here three day before easter - because of you belly ? mate , if I do this to you three day before Christmas -- tooth ( to she fairy ) Argentina . priority alert ! a batch of bicuspid in Buenos Aires . NORTH please . Bunny . Easter be not Christmas . bunnymund here we go ... North grab Bunny 's paint egg , casually juggling it in he hand as he walk off . meanwhile Sandy , who be be serve eggnog by a yeti , suddenly notice something high above . bunnymund ( o.s. ) ( laugh ) North , I , I do not have time for this . I have still get two million egg to finish up . the moon rise into view , high up in the ceiling ; its ray of light begin to shine brightly through as they cascade down the wall of the globe room . NORTH ( o.s. ) no matter how much you paint , be still egg ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 11 . Sandy point to the moon unsuccessfully to get the other ' attention . bunnymund look , mate , I be deal with perishable . right . you have get all year to prepare . tooth ( to she fairy ) pittsburg , boy eight , two molar . saltwater taffy . Sandy put he finger in he mouth to whistle , a silent musical note form above he head . NORTH ( to bunny ) why be rabbit always so nervous . bunnymund and why be you always such a blowhard ! tooth ( o.s. ) ( to she fairy ) Ontario , sector nine : five canine , two molar , and fourteen incisor . be that all in one house ? Sandy wave a sand flag above he head , point and jump up and down as the moonlight continue to fill the room . NORTH ( turn he attention ) tooth ! can not you see we be try to argue . tooth sorry , not all of we get to work one night a year . be I right , Sandy ? Sandy try to signal with a golden arrow , point toward the ceiling , but to no avail as the other continue they bicker . Sandy think tooth have notice for a split second , but then - tooth ( to she fairy ) San Diego , sector two ! five incisor , a bicuspid and a really loose molar on stand - by . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 12. bunnymund ( mocking ) come on , mate , pitch go out with the dark age . we make sure of that - remember ? NORTH ( o.s. ) I know it be he . we have serious situation ! bunnymund ( o.s. ) well , I have get a serious situation with some egg . tooth ( o.s. ) hey , I hate to interrupt the , " we work so hard once a year club " but could we concentrate on the matter -- Sandy can not take it anymore , grab a elf by he hat , and vigorously shake it 's bell . the other guardian be finally silence and all turn to look at Sandy , who point up , a sand crescent moon form above he head . the dizzy elf stagger away . finally the other turn to see the shaft of moonlight as it concentrate on the circle between they . NORTH aah ! man in Moon ! Sandy , why do not you say something ? Sandy give he a deadpan stare , dreamsand smoke shoot out he ear . NORTH ( to man in Moon ) it 's be a long time old friend ! what be big news ? everyone look to the center of the intense spot of moonlight , the light ebb away , leave a dark spot -- -- which resolve into the shadow silhouette of pitch . the guardian look on , stunne . bunnymund it be pitch . North pat he belly and give Bunny a look . NORTH ( back up to the moon ) manny ... what must we do ? guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 13. in answer , the shadow of pitch disappear and the circle of moonlight intensify and shrink , concentrate further illuminate a ornate symbol on the floor , at the center of they circle . the symbol rise out of the ground revealing a large gem at the head of a pillar . tooth ah , guy , you know what this mean ? the moon light suddenly refract through the gem casting light all over the chamber . NORTH ( awed ) he 's choose a new Guardian . bunnymund what ?! why ? NORTH must be big deal ! manny think we need help ! bunnymund ( annoyed ) since when do we need help ?! tooth I wonder who it 's gonna be ? a dreamsand four- leaf clover form above Sandy 's head . tooth ( cont 'd ) maybe the leprechaun ? bunnymund please not the groundhog , please not the groundhog . then a bright flash , a rush of wind - and a figure resolve over the central pillar : slight , hood , bear a familiar hook staff . NORTH Jack frost . the mini- teeth all sigh and swoon as the guardian stand there , stunne . bunnymund ah , I take it back ! the groundhog 's fine ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 14 . tooth ( catch admire Jack ) well , ah , as long he help to ah ... to protect the child , right ? bunnymund Jack frost !? he do not care about child ! all he do be freeze water pipe and mess with my egg hunt . right ? he 's a irresponsible , selfish ... NORTH Guardian . this stop bunnymund in he track . bunnymund Jack frost be many thing , but he be not a Guardian . as we turn toward the face of the hood figure . dissolve to : seq . 600 - snowball fight ext . ST . petersburg - night a hood figure with a familiar look staff rest atop a Post Office box on the opposite end of the street . the man touch the staff to the ground , send a streak of frost across the street . a russian boy approach a water fountain , turn the handle and move in for a sip . but as he do , the water freeze magically , and the boy 's tongue be stick to the freeze water . his friend can not help but laugh . russian boy ( tongue stick to freeze ice ) aahhhhh ...! a mail man walk across the street and a patch of ice magically appear under he foot . he scramble , and boom ! - land on he butt . just behind the man , we see the trail of frost climb up the side of a building . we stay on the frost as it move up along a rain pipe , and through the window we see ... guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 15 . a boy try to feed he gold fish , but a layer of ice suddenly form along the water surface and prevent the fish from reach its food . we move along the side of the building ... a writer in he study sit next to stack of papers . the window suddenly swing open and a gust of wind send the page fly out the window . we move along the building , across clothes line and power line as they freeze . we continue to move up , and finally discover the culprit . Jack frost make he way atop a cathedral spire and take in the view ; the full moon bathes the city in moonlight . jack ( amuse ) ah , now that , that be fun . ( beat ) hey wind ... Jack chuckle as he call the wind . the tree begin to sway and leave fly into the air . Jack grab hold of the spire , smile as the wind blow past . jack take I home ! Jack let go and the wind carry he into the air and through the cloud . night turn to day as Jack fly from one horizon to the other . jack woooooohoooooooooo! ext . burgess - day Jack fall through the cloud , smile , toward the town of burgess . jack snooooowwww daaaayyyyyy !!! Jack continue on down and zoom through the street . pedestrian clench they jacket and reach for they hat as gust of wind , snow , and streak of frost be leave in Jack 's wake . ext . frozen pond Jack fly in , and with the wind behind he skate across a all too familiar pond . as the wind zip across the pond it knock a book out of the hand of a little boy walk alone , this be jamie . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 16. jamie whoa , whoa . Jamie go to pick up the book and we get a glimpse of the cover - " they 're out there ! - mystery , mythical creature and the unexplained phenomena . " Jack fly into frame and land beside Jamie . jack huh , that look interesting . good book ? suddenly twin claude and caleb , come barrel past they , rough-house and laugh as they slam each other into drift ( all the boy be 8 ) . claude and caleb alright ! yeah ! waahoo ! snooow daaaay !!! Jack call after the boy ... jack you be welcome ! jamie ( go run after they ) hey guy , wait up ! be you guy come to the egg hunt Sunday ? caleb yeah , free candy ! claude I hope we can find the egg with all this snow ! caleb stuff a handful of snow down he brother 's jacket ext . jamie' backyard - day the kid arrive at the fence of Jamie 's house . Jamie open up a secret plank , and head into he yard . Claude and caleb be still mess with each other . meanwhile , Jack walk unseen along the top of the fence . caleb ( walla ) stop ! claude ( walla ) no , you stop ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 17. jamie whoa , it say here that they find Big Foot hair sample and DNA , in Michigan . that 's like , super close ! claude here we go again . Jamie arrive at he front gate , sled in hand while sophie ( Jamie 's 2 - year - old sister in fairy wing ) sit down on they Greyhound as it lie in the yard . jamie you see the video too Claude , he 's out there ! caleb that 's what you say about alien . claude and the Easter Bunny . jamie ( grab he sled ) wow , the Easter Bunny be real ! jack oh he 's real alright . Real annoying , real grumpy , and really full of himself . Jack hop off the fence and walk amongst the kid , peer over they shoulder as they play in the yard . claude ( laughing ) come on , you guy believe anything . sophie ( giggle ) easter bunny ! hop -hop -hop ! ( fall over ) ow ! Sophie begin to cry . jamie Mom ! Sophie fall again ! jamie' mom come outside . caleb , alongside he brother , stand at the front gate and call out to Jamie . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 18. jamie' mom you okay , soph ? claude be we sledding or what ? jamie' mom Jamie , hat ? we do not want Jack frost nip at you nose . Jamie 's mom plunk the hat on he head , tweak he nose . jamie who 's Jack frost ? jamie' mom no one , honey . it 's just a expression . jack ( smile drop - offended ) hey . Jack jump down from the fence as the boy head off . jack ( miffed ) who 's Jack frost ? Jack reach down and grab a hand full of snow from off the ground . with he palm open , Jack use he magic to form the perfect snowball . he then pucker he lip , and blow onto it with he icy breath . the snowball turn a light shade of blue . there 's something go on here . ext . snowy hill whoosh ! - the snowball go fly through the air and - boof ! - the snowball hit Jamie smack in the back of the head . Jamie look up , peeve , and turn . then we watch as he face change ... a mischievous sparkle come into he eye . a big smile . make no mistake , something magical have just happen . jamie ( laughing ) okay , who throw that ? Jack fly in and land amongst the group of kid . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 19 . jack well , be not bigfoot kiddo . Jamie scan the horizon for the culprit . his eye land on a couple kid make snow barricade . monty ( oddball with big glass ) with he back turn suddenly get a snowball to the back of the head , knock he face first into the ground . monty ow ! pippa ( brainy , pigtail , pink hat ) step forward and - boof ! a magical snowball from Jack hit she , knock she back . pippa 's face change - a mischievous sparkle . pippa Jamie bennett ! no fair ! jamie ( laugh ) you strike first ! claude oh ! suddenly we see caleb strike in the side of the head with one of Jack 's snowballs ; Claude can not help but laugh . jack free for all ! and just like that we find ourselves in a take - no- prisoner snowball fight , the kid pummel each other mercilessly . jack alright , who need ammo ? Jack supplies the kid with more snowballs . the kid be loving this . jack ( walla ) look at that . the mayhem continue as Jamie , use he sled as a shield , be knock backward into a snowman , crush it underneath he . a snowball fly overhead and hit cupcake , a tough third grader as wide as she be tall , in the back of the head . dread set in amongst the other kid , cupcake squint - gunslinger eye . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 20 . cupcake grrrrrrrrrrrr ... pippa crud , I hit cupcake . monty she hit cupcake . claude you hit cupcake ? Jamie be flat on he back , terrify . he look up to see cupcake stand over he . then , boof ! Jack hit cupcake with a magical snowball . the kid gasp in horror . claude oh ! caleb do you throw that ? monty no . pippa be not I . a moment , and then cupcake start laugh as Jack 's magic take hold . cupcake chase the kid down the hill , hold the head of she snowman in she hand . Jack , all the while , run along side take pleasure in the excitement . jamie ( walla ) hey , come on . stop ! claude ( walla ) you can not catch I . jack ooh , little slippery ! Jack jump ahead , blast a sheet of ice behind he . the kid fall to the ground , except for Jamie , who land on he sled , and slide head first down the sheet of ice into town . jamie whooaaooah !!! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 21 . kide ( walla ) whoaaa . Jamie , watch out ! stop ! jamie ( walla ) aha , whoa ! kide ( walla ) Jamie ! turn , turn ! that 's the street ! what be you do ? stop ! there 's traffic ! Jamie suddenly shoot out between the tree and careen past a set of park car . Jack 's path of ice cover the street . as Jamie turn , he speed only escalate , send he directly into traffic . Jamie barely miss a move truck , spin it out of control , send furniture out the back , and cause a four car pile up . jamie whoa ! jack whoa , do not worry kid , I gotcha . Jamie look back , then quickly ahead as terror come into he eye . Jack can not help but smile . jack hold on . it 's gonna be alright . jamie ahhhh . no , no , no , no ... jack keep up with I kid ! take a leave . Jamie rocket through a pedestrian intersection , narrowly miss that in the crosswalk . dog WALKER ( o.s. ) hey , slow down ! jamie whoa , no , no , no , no ... Jack fly over to the far side of the street , send the streak of ice and Jamie up onto the sidewalk . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 22. jack yeah ! pedestrian # 1 ( o.s. ) be that Jamie bennett ? jamie whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ... pedestrian # 2 ( o.s. ) hey ! watch it ! jack there you go ! jamie no ! no ! pedestrian # 3 ( o.s. ) look at that dude ! Jamie fly off the sidewalk and back into the middle of the street , almost knock over a postman . as Jack fly by Jamie 's side he see the look of excitement come into Jamie 's face . Jack smile , know he 's responsible . Jack see a oncoming snowplow and quickly jump ahead , carry by the wind , to divert the ice trail . jack whoa . Jamie 's sled suddenly turn , narrowly miss the oncoming truck and barrel toward Jack 's newly form ice ramp ... jamie aaaahhhhhhhh ! Jamie close he eye as the ramp launch Jamie over the street , high into the air , and toward the statue of thaddeus burgess , colonial settler - 1680 . Jamie 's friend stand in awe , mouth wide open , as he sail through the air . Jamie open he eye and the look of fear suddenly turn to joy . Jack look on smile . Jamie land safely in a large mound of snow . Jack jump onto the statue of thaddeus burgess . pippa ( o.s. ) oh my gosh ! jack yeah ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 23. Jamie 's friend all come run to Jamie 's aide , scared . but Jamie get up . kide ( walla ) wow , that look serious ! Jamie ! Jamie , be you alright ? be he okay ? jamie whoaaa ! do you guy see that ? it be amazing ! I sly - I do a jump and I sly under a car­ -erf !! a sofa from the move van suddenly knock Jamie down ... jack whoops . kide ( cringing ) ooooh ! there 's a moment of silence as the kid wait to see if Jamie be okay . then , Jamie rise up from behind the sofa grin , a new gap in he smile . he hold up a tooth . jamie cool ! a tooth ! kide ( walla ) dude , that mean cash ! tooth Fairy cash ! I love the tooth Fairy ! jack ( he fun cut short ) oh , no ... kide ( walla ) that 's totally awesome . you lucky bug ! lucky ! jack no ! jamie I gotta put this under my pillow ! kide ( walla ) I wish I lose my tooth . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 24 . jack ah , wait a minute ! come on , hold on , hold on ! what about all that fun we just have ? that be not the tooth Fairy , that be I ! kide ( walla ) I lose two tooth in one day once - remember that ?! what be you gonna spend you money on ? what be you gonna buy ? how much do you think she 's go to leave ? as Jack look down from the statue he frustration grow . Storm cloud overhead rumble and darken . flurry of snow begin to intensify . kide ( walla ) let 's go ... I be cooold ! my ear be freezing . I can not feel my toe . ah , it 's hot cocoa time . Jack jump down from the statue , try to engage the kid . but it 's too late , the kid take off . Jack block Jamie 's way as the boy come run at he . jack what 's a guy gotta do to get a little attention around here ! whooosh ! Jamie run through Jack , as if he where a ghost . Jack be leave momentarily shake , then ... cupcake ( walla ; mock she friend ) " oh , I be cold , I be cold , I be co - old . " kide ( o.s. ) ( walla ) somebody take a picture . hey , stop ! that be really awesome . they be go . Jack be alone again . his temper subside . he whip up a little wind and disappear . CUT to : guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 25 . seq . 700 - night fall in town int . jamie' bedroom - night Jamie play with a toy robot as drawing and chart of mystery creature hang on the wall behind he : ufo 's , alien , bigfoot , you name it . there 's even a draw of Jamie fly in midair on he sled . jamie ( o.s. ) ... I do this jump and it be amazing and I slide under a car and it be awesome ! then I be fly down this hill and I be like whoosh , whoosh , whoosh through all this car , and then the sled hit this , this thing , and I be like way up in the air . he mime fly in the air with he robot , then crashing to the bed as Sophie and they dog sit listen -- jamie -- and then bam ! the sofa hit I , and , and see ? ( open mouth , try to say `my tooth come out ! ) ah hoo hay ow ! we reveal jamie' mom in the room . Sophie laugh and try to stick a finger in the gap in he gum . jamie' mom alright you , tooth under you pillow ? Jamie set the toy robot on he nightstand , then grab a stuff rabbit next to he pillow to reveal a camera and flashlight . jamie yeah . I be ready . jamie' mom now do not stay up try to see she , Jamie , or she will not come . jamie but I can do it this time ! you wanna help I , soph ? we can hide and see the tooth Fairy ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 26 . sophie ( craze ) hide , hide , hide , hide ! Jamie 's Mom pick Sophie up off the bed and lift she over she shoulder . they dog get up and begin lick Jamie 's face . jamie' mom uh uh , straight to bed now , mister . jamie Mom ... ... we see Jack frost , outside , hang upsidedow watch they through the window . a pang . the glass frost over . ext . roof of jamie' house - continuous Jack flip onto the roof , a little pensive . he make he way toward the roof 's peak and look up at the moon , in full view . it light up the night sky . jack if there 's something I be do wrong , can you , can you just tell I what it be ? ( no response ) because I have try everything , and no one ever see I . ( no response ) you put I here , the least you can do be tell I , tell I why . a beat . the Moon shine silently down . Jack turn away in frustration . Jack leap off the roof , onto a telephone pole , and begin walk across some telephone wire . a stream of dreamsand suddenly zip by behind he , then another , which swoops around in front of he . Jack turn and look up , a smile now on he lip . jack right on time , sandman . the dreamsand descend from the sky , and drift into window around the town . Jack run along the telephone wire until he can reach out and intercept one of the pass stream . a adjacent stream take the shape of a dolphin which turn toward Jack , before continue on its way to a wait child . then , we follow one of the stream into a window ... guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 27 . int . cupcake' bedroom - burgess - continuous dreamsand float into a window , where cupcake be in bed , hugging a stuff unicorn in she sleep . the dreamsand swirl over she head , and morph into a little girl riding a unicorn . the girl smile at the lovely dream as it fly around the room . then the room darken as a wispy , shadowy figure with a familiar laugh crawl out from under the bed , and rise up . it 's pitch . he notice cupcake 's dream . pitch ohhhh , I think I hear the clippity - clop of a unicorn . what a adorable dream ! his face soften , seemingly move ... pitch ( lean down to cupcake ) and look . at. her. precious child . so sweet , so full of hope and wonder . why , there 's only one thing miss ... a touch of fear . pitch reach into cupcake 's dream , and touch a bony finger to the unicorn . it turn ashen and black , and disintegrate . cupcake flinch in she sleep . pitch snicker , delighted . pitch hahaha ! that never get old ! pitch swirl the dreamsand around and it all turn into black corrupt nightmare sand . pitch feel you fear . come on . come on , that 's right . the black sand morph into a horrific , shadowy buck horse - a nightmare . pitch yess . what a pretty little nightmare . gleefully , he grab the nightmare 's mane -- pitch now , I want you to go tell the other the wait be over . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 28. -- and send it out the window , where it join a posse of other nightmares coursing through the street . they take off and fly into the night sky . ext . burgess - night pitch step out into the street from a adjacent alley , avoid the ray of moonlight . he look up to the sky and stare at the moon . pitch do not look at I like that , old friend . you must have know this day would come . my nightmares be finally ready . be you guardian ? ext . burgess - night Jack walk along a telephone wire as the dreamsand disappear from the sky . suddenly a shadowy figure and a unfamiliar noise zip by behind he . jack whoa ! in the background , resident get ready for the night . resident ( o.s. ) ( walla ) do you leave the window open again ? the garage door be wide open . Jack leap over a house to a adjacent tree to investigate and again , something zoom behind he . Jack jump down from the tree and onto a truck in a nearby alley . ext . street of burgess - night - continuous suddenly : whoosh ! the shadow flash by , knock over a trash can . Jack jump down from the truck and back up out of the alleyway into a clear ... bunnymund ( o.s. ) hello , mate . Jack turn around , ready to strike . he squint , as into the light step ... guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 29 . bunnymund be a long time . Blizzard of 68 , I believe ? Easter Sunday , be not it ? Jack be completely bewilder -- jack Bunny ? you be not still mad about that ... be yah ? bunnymund yes . Bunny whip out he boomerang and casually look at it as he hold it in he hand . bunnymund ( cont 'd ) but this be about something else . ( beat ) fellas ... before Jack realize what 's happen a huge hand reach into frame and lift he off he foot . jack hey ! yeti durbha wahla . Jack have be snatch up by two huge yetis . jack put I down ! what the ... Jack be shove head first into a sack . a yeti whip out a snow globe , and smashes it on the ground . yeti durtal bardla burdlew . a magic portal open in front of they . the yetis make way for Bunny to leap in , but he demur -- yeti dwbard urghwetee . bunnymund I ? ( laugh ) not on you nelly . see you back at the pole . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 30 . he stamp he foot twice on the ground which swirl OPEN -- a rabbit hole magically appear . Bunny leap into it and disappear along with the rabbit hole . in its place , from out of the ground grow a small green plant . yetis bwardla arghl . the yetis throw Jack through the magic portal . jack ahhhhhhhhh ! the yetis then charge in after and disappear into the portal . CUT to : seq . 900 - jack meet guardian int . north's library - day tooth ( o.s. ) ( to a fairy ) tangier ! incivie du haut , 421 rue de barat ! allez ! the sack fly out of the portal and land on the floor . in the darkness , Jack hear -- NORTH ( o.s. ) he 's here . Jack struggle out of the sack to see two elve stare at he . tooth ( to another fairy ) walla walla , Washington . we have get a trampoline mishap at 1340 Ginger Lane . NORTH quiet . he then look up to see North and sandman look down at he . the tooth Fairy be surround by a dozen hover tiny fairy who come and go as she blurt out order . t0 oth ( cont 'd ) canine , lateral and central incisor . ouch ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 31 . North clear he throat . they all turn to a bewilder Jack . NORTH hey , there he be ! Jack frost ! as North hold out he arm to welcome Jack , a dreamsand snowflake appear above Sandy 's head . jack wow , you gotta be kid I . two yetis suddenly grab Jack by the shoulder and lift he up onto he foot . jack hey , hey . whoa , put I down . NORTH I hope the yetis treat you well ? jack oh , yeah . I love be shove in a sack and toss through a magic portal . NORTH oh , good ! that be my idea ! you know Bunny , obviously . jack obviously . Bunny stand off to the side , grumble with he arm cross . Jack suddenly notice the mini tooth fairy hover near he , stare and twitter . NORTH and the tooth Fairy ? before Jack can answer , she 's glide toward he . tooth hello , Jack . I have hear a lot about you . and you tooth . jack my , my what ? tooth ( move in way too close ) open up ! be they really as white as they say ? yes ! ( gasp ) ( more ) guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 32. tooth ( cont 'd ) oh , they really do sparkle like freshly fall snow . several swoon Mini teeth flutter around a confuse Jack , bat they lash and scream like craze Beatles fan . tooth collect herself , and ... tooth Girls , pull yourselves together ... let 's not disgrace the uniform . NORTH and sandman . ( see Sandy be snoozing ) Sandy ! Sandy ! wake up ! Sandy bolt up awake and step up to Jack , smile . jack hey ! Ho ! anyone wanna tell I why I be here ? the wisp of dreamsand above Sandy 's head morph into a barrage of image . jack that 's not really help . but thanks , little man . ( to other ) I musta do something really bad to get you four together . Jack walk away from the group , frosting a elf with a tray of cookie as it march past , then turn around . jack be I on the naughty list ? NORTH ( chuckle ) on naughty list ? you hold record ! but no matter . we overlook . now we be wiping clean the slate . jack how come ? bunnymund ( more to North ) ah , good question . NORTH how come ? I tell you how come ! because now ... you be Guardian ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 33. off Jack 's confusion , yetis light ceremonial torch with a whoosh . elve leap from column , unfurl homemade , celebratory banner as they descend . Jack brushes off a few baby tooth who try to present he with a necklace make of paper snowflake . jack what be you do ! get , get that offa I ! Jack 's voice be drown out by the sound of horn and drum . NORTH this be the best part ! a elf marching band strike up , march into the room . two yetis move Jack on to a designate spot on the floor . Jack look down to find a elf point at he bare foot . the elf then direct he attention to two approach elve , carry a pair of ceremonial boot . Jack 's confusion escalate . jack huh ? a yeti hand North a old large book . North blow off the dust , open it , and begin clear he throat . Jack clenches he jaw as he scan the room : the Mini teeth continue to fawn , Sandy 's smile , Bunny 's apathetic , and North look on with pride . Jack suddenly slam he staff down , send a blast of frost and wind across the room . the torch go out and everything stop . jack what make you think I want to be a Guardian ? North burst out in laughter hold the book in he hand then stop and look to Jack , stone face . NORTH of course you do ! ( to the elve ) Music ! the elve blare the trumpet again . celebration ! jack no music ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 34 . the music peter out again . a elf throw he trumpet to the ground and storm off . North , displease , glower . jack look , this be all very flatter , but ah ... you do not want I . you be all hard work and deadline , and I be snowballs and fun time . I be not a Guardian . bunnymund yeah , that 's exactly what I say ! tooth Jack ... I do not think you understand what it be we do . tooth swoops in and turn Jack 's attention to the massive globe behind he . tooth each of that light be a child . Jack look up at the Globe , take in the enormity of this . North suddenly move to Jack 's side . NORTH a child who believe . and good or bad , naughty or nice , we protect they . ( beat ) tooth ... finger out of mouth . we cut back to discover that tooth be examine Jack 's tooth . tooth ( remove finger ) oh , sorry . they be beautiful . Jack move away from the Globe and back toward the center of the room . NORTH okay , no more wishy - washy ! pitch be out there do who know what ! jack ( scoff ) you mean the boogeyman ? NORTH yes ! when pitch threaten we , he threaten they as well . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 35 . North point to the light on the globe . jack all the more reason to pick someone more qualified ! NORTH pick ? you think we pick ? no , you be choose like we be all choose . by man in moon. Jack turn and look to the group . jack ( stare , dumbstruck ) what ? tooth last night , Jack . he choose you . bunnymund maybe . jack the man in the Moon , he talk to you ? Jack look up to the skylight , take in the awesome sight of the moon as it shine down on Earth . NORTH you see , you can not say no . it be destiny . Jack be still confuse by the news . what do it mean ? jack but why , why would not he tell I that himself ? ( exasperated exhale ) after 300 year this be he answer ? to spend eternity like you guy coope up in some , some hideout think of , of new way to bribe kid ? no no , that 's not for I . no offense . Jack turn to leave , the guardian be stunne . bunnymund how be that not offensive ? except for Bunny , who be relieved by this turn and look to the other . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 36 . bunnymund you know what I think ? I think we just dodge a bullet . I mean , what 's this clown know about bring joy to child anyway ? Jack turn back . a little piss . jack uhh , you ever hear of a snow day ? I know it 's no hard - boil egg , but kid like what I do . bunnymund but none of them believe in you . ( lean in to he ) do they ? you see , you be invisible , mate . it 's like you do not even exist . tooth Bunny ! enough ! silence . Jack try not to look stung by this . jack no , the kangaroo 's right . bunnymund ( glare ) the , the what -- what would you call I ? I be not a kangaroo , mate . jack oh . and this whole time I think you be . if you be not a kangaroo , what be you ? bunnymund I be a bunny . the Easter Bunny . people believe in I . Sandy nudge North , who acknowledge the tension in the air . NORTH ( to jack ) Jack . walk with I . CUT to : guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 37 . seq . 1000 - north's workshop int . toy factory - NORTH pole - day Jack and North ride a elevator , bear the resemblance of a Christmas ornament , down to the factory floor . jack it 's nothing personal , North . what you all do , it 's just , it 's not my thing . NORTH man in Moon say it be you thing . we will see ! North storm through factory floor , Jack try to keep up . a amazing place . jack slow down , wouldja ? I have be try to bust in here for year , I want a good look . NORTH ( peeve - still rush ) what do you mean , " bust in ? " jack oh , do not worry , I never get past the yetis . Jack look over he shoulder ; a angry yeti pound he fist into he palm . yeti rwwarrrrrr . jack oh , hey phil . NORTH keep up , Jack ! keep up ! North charge ahead . North 's factory be bustling with activity : yeti 's be building toy , move package , while elve be test piloting the various fly toy . as Jack walk behind North , surveying the factory , a duck toy suddenly fly over Jack 's head . Jack duck just in time and continue after North . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 38 . jack whoa ! ( beat ) I always think the elve make the toy . NORTH ( whisper ) we just let they believe that . Jack look over to see a group of elve eat Christmas ornament and another electrocute himself with Christmas light . North smile and call to they . NORTH very nice ! keep up good work ! North continue through the factory floor . he pass a yeti put the finish touch on a blue toy robot . NORTH ( to yeti ) I do not like it . paint it red . the yeti react in dismay as we reveal hundred of finish blue robot . NORTH step it up , everybody . as North and Jack move to the opposite end of the chamber , we finally glimpse the orchestrate chaos of the entire workshop , in all it 's magic and splendor . int . north's office - a moment later Jack follow North into he office . there be shelf fill with toy . sketch and prototype everywhere . North dust he hand and turn to Jack . his sleeve be roll . Jack notice that on one of North 's forearm be tattooe the word naughty , and on the other , nice . North grab a plate from a nearby elf . NORTH fruit cake ? jack ah , no , thanks . North hurl it - crash ! a pause as North look at Jack . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 39 . NORTH now we get down to tack of brass ! jack ( to himself ) tack of brass ? as North crack he knuckle , Jack stand silent . the wind suddenly slam North 's office door behind they . Jack look to the door , it lock itself , and he turn back . North move in close to Jack , back he up against the door . NORTH who be you , Jack frost ? what be you center ? North poke Jack in the chest . jack my center ? NORTH if man in Moon choose you to be a Guardian , you must have something very special inside . North stand up straight and begin to stroke he beard as he give Jack a curious look . NORTH hmmmm ? North be stand in front of a shelf of Russian nest doll . one be carve to look like North himself . NORTH ( cont 'd ) here . this be how you see I , no ? very big , intimidating . but if you get to know I a little -- ( hand the doll to Jack ) well , go on . Jack give North a curious look , then set down he staff . he twist the doll in half , and inside be another carve North doll , this one be a more typical Santa Claus - red cheek and cheery . jack you be downright jolly . NORTH ah , but not just jolly ... guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 40 . the doll get progressively smaller as he twist they open , all version of North , but all slightly different . NORTH ( cont 'd ) I be also mysterious . ( twist - smaller doll ) and fearless . ( twist - smaller doll ) and caring . and at my center ... twist . as North approach , Jack look down and drop the final Russian doll into the palm of North 's hand . it 's the size of a jelly bean . jack there 's a tiny wooden baby ? NORTH look closer . what do you see ? Jack hold it up to examine it . jack you have big eye ? NORTH yes ! Big eye . very big . because they be full ! of wonder ! that be my center . it be what I be bear with . eye that have always see the wonder in everything ! North raise he hand , and the toy on the shelf suddenly spring to life . Jack -in- the-boxes pop , toy train speed around the room , soldier march about , toy plane fly overhead . a elf get carry aloft by a balloon . a fly toy plane glide by and we follow it as it make its way around the room . a Christmas tree be ablaze with bright light . two double door suddenly open as the fly car enter the factory floor . NORTH eye that see light in the tree , and magic in the air ! as it cross the frame , dozen of other toy be now fly around the massive chamber . it 's a truly magical moment . North now stand outside he office , with Jack at he side . NORTH this wonder be what I put into the world , and what I protect in child . ( more ) guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 41 . NORTH ( cont 'd ) it be what make I a Guardian . it be my center . what be yours ? jack ( beat ) I do not know . Jack look down into he open palm , the wooden baby stare back at he . North close Jack 's hand . they exchange a look . then , something suddenly jet past a window outside . almost simultaneously , Bunny and sandman come run down the hallway toward North and Jack . bunnymund we have a problem , mate ! trouble at the tooth Palace . CUT to : seq . 1204 - sleigh launch int . launching shed - a moment later North shove open a set of double door , follow closely by Bunny , Sandy , and Jack . several yeti 's rush by as they prepare the hangar for launch . NORTH ( o.s. ) ( to yetis ) boy , ship shape . as soon as impossible . jack North , North ! I tell you , I be not go with you guy ! there be no way I be climb into some rickety old ... suddenly : the SOUND of pounding hoove . beastly snorting . santa's incredible sleigh come into view . it 's a huge , shiny , trick out , jaw - drop hot -rod of a sled . jack ... sleigh . Jack be understandably gob-smack , so much so that he almost get knock over by one of the reindeer . jack whoa ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 42. NORTH ( to reindeer ) hey ! moi deti , moi deti . quiet , quiet . the sleigh come to a standstill as the guardian prepare to climb inside . several yetis be still run around make last minute preparation . jack okay , one ride , but that 's it . Jack jump aboard . North smile knowingly , and climb inside . Sandy hop up into the back seat . NORTH everyone love the sleigh . North grab the reign , wrapping they around he arm . he turn to see bunnymund stand there , freeze and unnerve . NORTH ( cont 'd ) Bunny , what be you wait for ? bunnymund I think my tunnel might be faster , mate . and um , and safer . NORTH ah , get in . ( hoist bunnymund up ) buckle up ! Bunny desperately look around he seat . bunnymund whoa , whoa , whoa , where be the bloody seatbelt ?! NORTH ( laugh ) that be just expression ! North turn to one of the yetis . NORTH be we ready ? the yeti throw he hand up in a fit shaking he head no . NORTH good ! let 's go ! clear ! ( crack the reign ) hyah ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 43. the sleigh be off . elve and yetis scatter out of its path . Sandy , Bunny , and Jack fly back into they seat . Bunny clutches the edge of he , terrify . Jack can not help but laugh . NORTH out of the way ! the sleigh head down a luge - like track . North and Jack be enjoy the ride . NORTH hyah ! bunnymund ohhhhhh no ! North crack the reign , the sleigh plummet , a almost vertical drop . Sandy grin calmly . Jack love this . bunnymund - not so much . bunnymund ( walla ) slow down , slow down ! North pull a lever , kick the sleigh into overdrive . he look back as the sleigh enter a corkscrew . NORTH I hope you like the loopty loop ! bunnymund ( nauseous ) I hope you like carrot . NORTH here we go ! wide shot as the sleigh reach the bottom of the ramp , and shoot upwards , launching they into bright blue sky . jack wooo -hoooooo !!!!!! ext . sleigh - flying through the sky - continuous North , rein in hand , lean into the wind as the reindeer climb higher . NORTH klasno ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 44 . Jack , in he element , leap up onto the rear of the sleigh to watch the North pole fade into the distance . jack ( laugh ) whoa ! bunnymund peak off the side of the sleigh , then lean back , and hold on for dear life . jack hey , Bunny -- Bunny turn to see Jack stand on the back edge of the sleigh . jack check out this view -- eeeyaaaagghghh ! Jack be swept off the sleigh and disappear ! Bunny gasp in horror and look over the side ... only to see Jack loung on the sleigh 's skid . jack awww ... you do care . bunnymund ah , rack off you bloody show pony ! Bunny glower as Jack make he way back into the sleigh . NORTH hold on everyone , I know a shortcut . bunnymund oh strewth , I know we should have take the tunnel . North hold a snow globe up to he face . NORTH I say , tooth Palace . a image of the tooth Palace appear inside the snowglobe . North throw the globe into the air and a giant vortex open . NORTH hyah ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 45 . ext . sky - sleigh jetting through the sky a surreal light surround the sleigh as it hit hyperdrive and get suck through the snow - globe portal with a whoosh . CUT to : seq . 1300 - tooth palace destroyed ext . sky - near tooth's palace the sleigh suddenly come out of hyperdrive at the outskirt of the tooth Palace . streak of black rapidly approach . NORTH what !? suddenly we heroes find themselves in the midst of mayhem , as hundred of nightmares and terrify tooth fairy jet past . it 's like a meteor storm . North yank the rein , and the sleigh veer sharply , dodging the oncoming nightmares . NORTH what be they !? Sandy and Bunny duck the onslaught . bunnymund whoa ! Jack now see that the nightmares be actually gulping down the flee fairy and fly off with they . it 's chaos . jack they be take the tooth fairy ! Jack look up to see a lone fairy with a nightmare snap at its heel . Jack leap into the air and rescue it before the nightmare can snatch it away . Jack land back in the sleigh . he open he hand to reveal baby tooth , who 's shaking with fear . jack hey little baby tooth , you okay ? as baby tooth nod , North steer the sleigh forward through the storm toward the entrance of tooth 's Palace . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 46 . int . tooth palace - a moment later a vast chamber support by pillar contain million of tiny wooden deposit box from floor to ceiling . North spot a nightmare up ahead and hand Jack the reign . NORTH here , take over ! bunnymund huh ? Jack , though surprised , quickly grab the reign and smile as he snap they . jack hyah ! North ready he sword and slice the nightmare in half -- NORTH yah ! several tooth box spill out of the split nightmare and rain down into the sleigh at the guardian ' foot . the nightmare disintegrate into black sand . bunnymund they be steal the tooth ! Sandy look at he hand and see the nightmare sand take shape and drift away . he and Bunny exchange a look . the guardian turn -- they be head straight for a pillar . NORTH Jack , look out ! Jack pull the rein -- jack aaaahhhh ! -- the sleigh nearly miss the pillar and skid to a rough stop on a platform . they see tooth up above . NORTH tooth ! be you alright ? tooth be fly around , visibly frustrated . this be bad . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 47 . tooth they , they take my fairy ! and the tooth ! all of they ! everything be go ! everything . only then do it hit she . tooth 's wing drop in defeat . she 's completely lose amidst the devastation . the guardian rush to comfort she . Jack stay behind as baby tooth pop out from the hood of he tunic and fly over toward tooth . tooth oh thank goodness ! one of you be alright ! pitch ( o.s. ) I have to say , this be very , very exciting . pitch 's voice echoe across the open chamber . they look up to see pitch , stand high above they with a satisfied smile . pitch the Big four , all in one place . I be a little star-struck . ( beat ) do you like my show on the globe , North ? get you all together , do not I ? tooth dart after pitch , but he escape into the shadow . tooth pitch , you have get thirty second to return my fairy ! pitch ( o.s. ) or what ? tooth follow the sound of pitch 's voice and find he near one of she tooth box column . pitch you will stick a quarter under my pillow ? NORTH why be you do this ? pitch maybe I want what you have . to be believe in . Jack take this in . pitch move along the wall and shadow of the chamber and emerge from behind a column . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 48. pitch maybe I be tired of hide under bed . bunnymund maybe that 's where you belong . pitch ah , go suck a egg , rabbit ! Bunny look down past the edge of the platform to find pitch upside down , stare he in the face . pitch disappear again . pitch ( o.s. ) hang on , be that ... Jack frost ? ( laugh ) since when be you all so chummy ? jack we be not . pitch oh good . Jack turn and see pitch stand in the middle of a column . pitch a neutral party . then I be go to ignore you . but , you must be use to that by now . bunnymund pitch ! you shadow sneaking rat - bag ! come here ! Bunny go after pitch , but he disappear and reemerges on a opposite column . tooth spot he , grab one of Bunny 's boomerangs and fly at pitch in a rage ... tooth ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! pitch look at tooth with a smile and before she can reach he , a huge nightmare dart out of hide and rear up at she . tooth fall back . baby tooth hide in Jack 's tunic . pitch ( soothing ) whoa ! hey , easy , girl . easy . pitch draw a wisp of black sand from onyx 's mane , twirl it in he palm , and turn toward Sandy . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 49 . pitch look familiar , sandman ? take I a while to perfect this little trick . turn dream into nightmares . pitch notice the shocked guardian . pitch do not be nervous , it only rile they up more . they smell fear you know . bunnymund what fear ? of you !? no one 's be afraid of you since the Dark Ages ! pitch 's eye flash with anger . but then he smile . pitch ( nostalgic ) oh , the Dark Ages . ext . village - night - flashback a parent and she two child , huddle around a campfire , scream as a shadow , resembling pitch , wash over they . it make its way up the side of a mountain to reveal pitch , smile as he stare up at the moon . pitch ( v.o. ) ( nostalgic ) everyone frighten . miserable . such happy time for I . oh , the power I wield ! ext . village - night - flashback - continuous pitch ( v.o. ) but then the man in the Moon choose you to replace my fear with you wonder and light ! North 's sleigh fly in front of the moon . tooth and she fairy flit by while sandy 's dreamsand dance across the sky and Bunny leap across rooftop . pitch ( v.o. ) lift they heart ! and give they hope ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 50 . pitch , thin and weaker than he be now , slip back into the shadow after child run through he while play in the street , laugh as they go . pitch ( v.o. ) meanwhile , everyone write I off as just a bad dream ! " oh , there 's nothing to be afraid of ! there 's no such thing as the boogeyman ! " back to the tooth palace pitch lean toward the guardian , show nothing but contempt . pitch ( cont 'd ) well that 's all about to change . a SOUND behind pitch : one of the column of the Palace begin to crack and crumble , as if decaye . tooth be stunne ... pitch oh look , it 's happen already . jack what be ? tooth 's eye widen in shock . vignettes of child around the world pitch ( v.o. ) Children be waking up and realize the tooth Fairy never come . lift pillow and find they baby teeth still there . pitch ( v.o. ) I mean such a little thing , but to a child ... pull out from the last vignette , all the way out of tooth be wide - OPEN eye , and back to scene . Jack , mystify , move closer to tooth as the palace continue to crumble . jack what 's go on ? tooth they , they do not believe in I anymore . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 51 . pitch do not they tell you , Jack ? it 's great be a Guardian -- but there 's a catch . if enough kid stop believe , everything you friend protect - wonder , hope and dream - it all go away . and little by little , so do they . Jack 's realize now the magnitude of pitch 's plan . pitch no Christmas , or Easter , or little fairy that come in the night . there will be nothing . but fear and darkness and I ! it 's you turn not to be believe in ! Bunny throw he boomerangs at pitch , who quickly duck out of the way as they fly around the chamber column . pitch then jump onto the back of onyx down into the depth of the Palace . the guardian dive after he , follow by Jack . Bunny grab a set of egg bomb and launch they at pitch , explode second before pitch hit the ground . CUT to : seq . 1325 - jack decision int . tooth palace - lagoon - moment later the guardian land -- NORTH he 's go . later tooth , deflate , sit on the ground with a empty tooth box in she hand . baby tooth , rest on a nearby break tooth box , look to tooth with concern . Jack walk up and crouch down alongside tooth . bunnymund ( o.s. ) okay , alright I admit it , you be right about pitch . NORTH ( o.s. ) this be one time I wish I be wrong . but he will pay . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 52. jack I be sorry , about the fairy . tooth ( not she bubbly self ) you should have see they . they put up such a fight . jack why would pitch take the tooth ? tooth it 's not the tooth he want . it 's the memory inside they . jack ( beat ) what do you mean ? tooth lead Jack across the pond , the water freezing under he foot as he walk . tooth that 's why we collect the tooth , Jack . they hold the most important memory of childhood . tooth direct he to a mural , which illustrate this . tooth ( cont 'd ) my fairy and I watch over they and when someone need to remember what 's important , we help they . Jack take a second to admire the immense beauty of the mural before he . tooth ( cont 'd ) we have everyone 's here . your too . jack my memory ? tooth from when you be young . before you become Jack frost . jack ( beat ) but , I be not anyone before I be Jack frost . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 53. tooth of course you be . we be all someone before we be choose . jack what ? NORTH ( chuckle ) you should have see Bunny . bunnymund hey , I tell you never to mention that ! Jack , confuse , be try to process all this . jack that night at the pond ... I just , why I assume ... be you say , be you say I have a life before that ? with a home ? and a family ? tooth you really do not remember ? Jack 's expression say it all . finally the key to all he question . jack all this year , and the answer be right here . if I find my memory , then I will know why I be here . ( to tooth ) you have to show I . Jack , use he control of the wind , lift up off the ground and fly across the pond . tooth I ... I can not , Jack . pitch have they . Jack float down onto a rock , overlook the guardian . jack then we have to get they back ! suddenly , a patch of tooth 's feather fall out , and disappear . the guardian eye fill with worry . tooth oh no ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 54 . Jack be stricken . he look back -- the ancient mural begin to disintegrate -- tooth ( cont 'd ) the child . we be too late . NORTH no ! no ! no such thing as too late ! ( get idea ) wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait . idea !! hahh !! he 's gleeful . the other look at each other as if he 's nut . NORTH ( cont 'd ) we will collect the tooth ! tooth what ? NORTH we get tooth ! Children keep believe in you ! tooth we be talk seven continent ! million of kid ! NORTH give I break ! you know how many toy I deliver in one night ? bunnymund and egg I hide in one day ? North turn to Jack . NORTH and Jack , if you help we , we will get you you memory . Jack look to tooth , who give he a reassure smile . Sandy give to enthusiastic thumb up while Bunny groan . Jack look back to North with a smile . jack I be in . CUT to : guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 55 . seq . 1350 - tooth collection ext . shanghai rooftop - night we transition to the shanghai skyline as North boom up out of a chimney , dash along the rooftop . NORTH ( laugh ) quickly ! quickly ! North boom down another chimney as bunnymund race into view a rooftop away . bunnymund here we go , here we go ... Jack zip into view , call out to Bunny . jack hop to it rabbit , I be five tooth ahead ! bunnymund yeah right , look , I would tell you to stay outta my way , but really what 's the point -- because you will not be able to keep up anyway . jack be that a challenge , cottontail ? bunnymund oh , you do not wanna race a rabbit , mate . as we pan across the rooftop , boom ! North burst up out of a nearby chimney . NORTH a race ? be it a race ?? North jump into one chimney , then shoot out of another across the way . NORTH ( cont 'd ) this be go to be ... North disappear down yet another chimney only to emerge with a bang out the top of another . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 56 . NORTH ( cont 'd ) epic !! as North leap out of frame , tooth dart into view , in hummingbird overdrive , dazzle by the light and traffic . baby tooth struggle to keep up . tooth four bicuspid over there ! a incisor two block east ! be that a molar ? they be everywhere ! tooth , overwhelm , jet off without pay attention and suddenly -- thoomp -- she smack into a toothpaste billboard . tooth ow ! Jack jump up to the billboard to check on she . jack ah , you okay ? tooth Fine ... sorry , it 's be a really long time since I have be out in the field . jack how long be a long time ? tooth ah , four hundred forty year ... give or take . tooth jerk to attention : suddenly she view zoom in through a little girl bedroom window : a tiny glow under she pillow mark a freshly plant tooth . tooth gasp and she eye go wide -- she fly to the window , excited . Jack react , look to baby tooth : it 's gonna be a long night . jack hmm ... int . boy' bedroom - night Jack , cocksure , arrive outside a open window . his smile suddenly disappear when he see a rabbit hole open up in the bedroom floor and Bunny hop out . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 57 . ext . boy' bedroom - night - continuous Bunny , now hold the tooth in he paw , turn to Jack and laugh . Jack , not amused , zap Bunny with burst of frost from he staff . bunnymund ( o.s. ) aaahhh ! ext . middle east - night the guardian fly over a Middle Eastern city in North 's sleigh as the full moon light up the night sky . int . kide bedroom - night North pull two tooth , one with each hand : twins . NORTH twins ( beat ) yipa !! int . boy' bedroom - night Bunny pull out he hand from under a pillow revealing several teeth . bunnymund jackpot ! pull out wider to reveal hockey trophies , poster and paraphernalia everywhere . Bunny grin . bunnymund look like you be a bit of a brumby , hey mate . int . boy' bedroom - night North stand at the side of a boy 's bed . NORTH ( laugh ) be piece of pie ! he fall into a rabbit hole , find himself face to face with Bunny . he growl . sandman enter and take the boy 's tooth for himself . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 58. bunnymund ow ! NORTH ( loud whisper ) that 's my tooth ! Sandy ! Sandy ! ext . bedroom - night Jack parkour between two building and into a window . int . bedroom - night - continuous Jack fly in through the window when suddenly , a rabbit hole appear . as Jack disappear through the rabbit hole , Bunny appear through a adjacent hole laugh to himself . int . bedroom night tooth reach under a pillow and pull out a tooth with a mouse attach to the other end . baby tooth tackle the mouse . tooth whoa , whoa , whoa ! take it easy there , champ ! he 's one of we ! part of the european division . ( to the mouse ) can va ? the mouse gesture back angrily . ext . skyline - night North and the guardian , riding North 's sleigh , exit a wormhole . North laugh as they fly over the city . int . bedroom - night Bunny pull a note from under a pillow instead of a tooth . bunnymund huh ? the note show a arrow , point toward the window . he look up to the window : North hold up a tooth as he grin , then leap off the ledge laugh . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 59 . ext . rooftop - night Bunny land on a rooftop , hold a tooth in he paw , and proud of himself . then , Bunny hear the sound of ice and frost -- bunnymund crikey ! -- and disappear from view . Bunny be now slide down the side of a roof on a sheet of ice . Jack grab the tooth from Bunny 's paw as he slide past and hold it high in the air . jack ( laugh ) yes ! Jack hold up the tooth , but within moment a hand snatch it . Jack look to see Sandy wave `bye - bye ' as he fly off on he dreamsand cloud . jack no ! ext . rooftop - night North dance across a rooftop and quickly drop into a chimney to enter a house -- we drop fast through the roof and ceiling ... int . house under rooftop - continuous ...to see bunny's paw as it light the fireplace . Bunny grin demonically in the firelight . bunnymund haha ! Ho , ho , ho ! ext . paris - sklyline - night a large burst of fire shoot out the top of a distant chimney . NORTH ( o.s. ) ahh ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 60 . ext . rooftop - night Jack , North , Sandy , and Bunny stand proudly . each one of they revealing they own bag fill with tooth to tooth . tooth be overwhelm by they collective effort . tooth wow ! you guy collect tooth and leave gift as fast as my fairy . they eye widen and tooth be suddenly panic stricken . tooth ( cont 'd ) you guy have be leave gift , right ? the rest of the group turn to each other , sink they head and bite they lip in embarrassment . ext . laundromat - night - continuous the guardian stand in line , wait they turn to put dollar bill into a coin dispenser . a series of close shot , very fast - baby tooth put a coin under a pillow . - now Jack put a coin under a pillow . - North 's hand pull a tooth from under a pillow . he replace it pair of candy cane and a few coin . - Bunny stomp he foot and fall through a rabbit hole to reveal a pair of Easter egg atop a child 's bed . - Sandy walk through a doggy door with a coin in he hand . in shock , he see North laugh while arrange Christmas decoration in the child 's bedroom . int . boy' bedroom - night a young boy , hold a stuff animal and a sippy cup to he mouth , look out he bedroom window . the guardian , cast in moonlight , bound across the adjacent rooftop . the young boy , dumbfounded , drop he juice . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 61 . ext . skyline - night the guardian fly across the night sky only to disappear through a snowglobe portal . nearby , a nightmare observe as the sleigh vanish . it leap off the roof , through a drain , and down into the sewer . CUT to : seq . 1650 - pitch lair int . pitch be lair - night the spy nightmare fly down into a dark cavernous space . large steel cage hang all around and trap inside be the mini teeth . the nightmare head toward pitch , stand at he own globe , which be conspicuously cover in light . pitch the light ... why be not they go out ? the nightmare approach from behind and let out a soft whiney ; pitch stiffen at the news . pitch they be collect the tooth ? the mini teeth perk up at this , and start twitter excitedly , which echoe throughout the lair . pitch oh pipe down , or I will stuff a pillow with you ! the Mini teeth begin to settle down . pitch look at the nightmare , frustrated , and scowl . the nightmare wince and disperse into tiny particle . a strand of nightmare sand from the nightmare twirl in the air , and pitch twist it with he finger , turn it into a crude image of the sandman . pitch Fine , have you last hurrah . for tomorrow , all you pathetic scramble will be for nothing . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 62. and he crush the image in he fist . CUT to : seq . 1575 - in jamie' bedroom int . jamie' bedroom - continuous a cool look robot toy rest on Jamie 's bedside table . Jamie be sound asleep in bed . a smile across he face reveal the recently form gap between he tooth . tooth ( o.s. ) Left central incisor , knock out in a freak sledding accident . I wonder how that could have happen , Jack ? Jack laugh as he look at jamie' drawing of himself during the snowball fight on the wall . he 's midair , blast he friend with snowballs . he smile and then turn to tooth . jack ( laugh ) kid , huh ? he watch as tooth reach under the pillow . she hover over Jamie as he stir in he sleep . a dreamy smile come over she as she gaze down at the sleep boy . tooth this be always the part I like most - see the kid . ( beat ) why do I ever stop do this ? a beat ; Jack see how much it mean to she . jack it 's a little different up close , huh ? tooth give he a look : he 's right . tooth thanks for be here , Jack . I wish I have know about you memory , I could have help you . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 63. jack yeah , well , look let 's just get you take care of . then it 's pitch 's turn , huh ? a sudden commotion . they both turn to the window . NORTH here you be ! North , carry a large sack over he shoulder , struggle to climb in through the small window . sandman and baby tooth climb in after . everybody whisper . tooth sshhhhhhhh !! NORTH oh , what give slowpoke !? Jamie be still sound asleep . NORTH how you feel , toothy ? tooth believe in . NORTH ( laugh ) haha ! that 's what I want to hear . bunnymund ( o.s. ) oh I see how it be ... Bunny come in through a rabbit hole in the floorboard . bunnymund ( cont 'd ) all work together to make sure the rabbit get last place . North now hold he index finger up to he lip . NORTH ssshhhhhhhhh !!! jack you think I need help to beat a bunny ? check it out , Peter cottontail . Jack lift up he sack of tooth . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 64 . bunnymund you call that a bag of chopper ? ( lift larger sack ) now that 's a bag of chopper . NORTH gentlemen ! gentlemen ! this be about tooth . it 's not a competition ! but if it be -- ( reveal even larger sack ) I win . yeeeeehaaahh ! and he strike a Russian dance pose as ... suddenly a bright circle of light be cast on the guardian . NORTH ( cont 'd ) oh no ... jamie ( o.c. ) ( surprised ) Santa Claus ? they all turn slowly to see Jamie sit up in bed , hold a flashlight , wide awake and beam in disbelief . jamie ( cont 'd ) the Easter Bunny ?... sandman ... the tooth Fairy ! I know you would come ! tooth surprise ! ( giggling ) we come ! jack he can see we ? Jamie look around , amaze , he see everyone but Jack . bunnymund most of we . tooth shhh ! you guy , he 's still awake . bunnymund Sandy ! knock he out ! they all look to he , scandalize . Jamie look concerned . jamie huh ? guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 65 . bunnymund with the dreamsand , ya gumby . but then Jamie 's greyhound rise up into frame , fully awake , its nostril flaring at the scent he 's pick up . jamie no , stop that 's the Easter Bunny . what be you do , Abbey ? down ! the dog be nose to nose with bunnymund . bunnymund alright , nobody panic . jack ( enjoying this ) but that 's a um , that 's a greyhound . do you know what greyhound do to rabbit ? bunnymund I think it 's a pretty safe bet he 's never meet a rabbit like I - while Sandy form a dreamsand baseball , Jack roll he eye and notice a alarm clock on the bedside table . bunnymund ( cont 'd ) six foot one , nerve of steel , master of tai-chi and the ancient art of -- Jack can not resist : he reach over stealthily and sets off the alarm clock with he staff . rrrriiiiiing ! bunnymund crikey . Bunny be off like a shot , the greyhound right on he tail , run lap in the small room , the dog bark like crazy . jamie stop ! sit ! Sandy , amused , make a dreamsand baseball to stop the dog , but bobble it as the dog brushes past . jamie down girl , down ! the other stand out of the way as Bunny and the dog run up the wall and over the bed . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 66 . as tooth try to silence the alarm clock , Jack can barely contain he laughter . Sandy take aim as Bunny and the dog run circle around he -- NORTH Sandy , Sandy ! the dog jump past North , knock he back . NORTH ah ! as Sandy wind up , the dog suddenly smack right into he . the dreamsand go fly . tooth hey , this be not proper tooth Fairy behavior ! North duck out of the way as the dreamsand sail toward he . the dreamsand baseball smack tooth right in the face and explode into golden dust . tooth and she fairy fall to the ground as a golden tooth take shape above they head . stream of dreamsand make they way around the room . bunnymund ( o.c . ) ah , this thing 's rabid ! get this dingo off I ! Bunny get a whiff of the golden sand . the image of a carrot quickly take shape in front of he face . bunnymund oh no . thud ! Bunny fall over asleep . thud ! so do the dog . North try to scramble out of the way , but there 's no escape in this tiny room . NORTH candy cane ... he teeter for a moment as dreamsand candy cane appear before he , then fall like a giant sequoia , landing - thud ! - on the end of Jamie 's bed , which send Jamie catapult through the air . jamie whoaaaaaaaaaa ! luckily he land -- oof ! -- in Sandy 's arm . he start to wake up again , but Sandy be there with a fistful of sand -- boof ! -- and Jamie too be out cold . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 67 . Jack and Sandy look down at the sleep boy , relieved . then they look around -- a heap of sleep , snore body . jack whoops ... Bunny be snuggle up next to North . a carrot and candy cane , make of dreamsand , hold hand as they dance above Bunny and North 's head . Jack come down off the dresser and turn to Sandy , who have put Jamie back in bed . Sandy lift North 's arm and let go , it 's completely limp and fall flat . Sandy smile at Jack , who chuckle . jack oh , I really wish I have a camera right now . Sandy eye suddenly widen . there 's a nightmare behind Jack . Jack turn to see a nightmare stare through the window . without hesitation , Jack jump out the window after it . jack ( o.s. ) ( shout ) Sandy , c'mon ! we can find pitch . Sandy pause for a moment , then follow Jack 's lead . back in jamie' room - intercut the sleep guardian be where we leave they . Jamie 's bedroom door open , and Sophie toddle in . she take in the scene , amused . she toddle over to North , giggle . she poke at he rotund belly . then she notice something . she reach into he pocket and pull out a snow globe . sophie pretty ! she look over to see the Easter Bunny , sound asleep on the floor . sophie Bunny ! hop ! hop ! hop ! suddenly the snow globe light up . Sophie 's eye widen as she look at the beautiful vista inside the globe . it 's Bunny 's warren . she take the globe and toddle off for the door , when she trip - again - and the snow globe smashes on the floor . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 68. sophie ow ! boomf !! a flash of light . she look up to see a magical portal open in front of she . a gust wind come blow out of the portal . Sophie giggle , and toddle through the portal . North 's bleary eye pop open mid-snore . NORTH whuh -huh ...? CUT to : seq . 1600 - sandman attacked ext . burgess neighborhood - night two nightmare zigzag along the rooftop , search for victim . Jack , loving the chase , be in hot pursuit with Sandy , who 's riding along on a streak of dreamsand -- jack wahooo ! ( beat ) haha ! yes ! one of the nightmares split off , angle for a bedroom window . Sandy calmly follow -- the nightmare fly right through the window and sandy do the same -- the other one angle up over the house 's roof to evade Jack , who parkour over the roof after it -- jack waaahahoooo ! through the window below , flash of golden and sickly GREEN light race through the house as Sandy battle the nightmare -- the nightmares and Jack zoom away from the house just as Sandy and the first nightmare blast out of the window , Sandy wrestle it until -- poof ! it explode into golden dreamsand which he quickly transform into a sting Ray for he to ride -- guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 69 . ext . downtown burgess - continuous Jack fly through town on the heel of the nightmare . it make a sharp turn down a alleyway and Jack be quick to follow . the nightmare then veer up the wall of the alley and onto a rooftop . Jack whip a blast from he staff and hit the nightmare before it disappear from view . jack ( jazzed ) haaah ! I get it ! Jack jump up onto the roof and prod the freeze nightmare with he staff . jack Sandy ! Sandy , do you see that ?!? look at this thing ! Jack can barely contain he excitement as he call out to Sandy -- but suddenly pitch lurch out from behind a air conditioning unit on the rooftop . pitch frost ? Jack blast a wave of frost across the rooftop , but pitch easily dodge it , reappearing behind Jack on the adjoin rooftop . pitch you know , for a " neutral party " you spend a awful lot of time with that weirdo . ( beat ) this be not you fight , Jack . Jack 's eye narrow . he hold out he staff , ready to strike . jack you make it my fight when you steal that tooth . pitch regards he curiously . pitch teeth ? why do you care about the tooth ? when he notice something and turn to find Sandy calmly stand on the rooftop next to he . pitch quickly sidestep , move away from Sandy . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 70 . pitch ( chuckling ) now this be who I be look for -- before pitch can finish a dreamsand stream whip around he , force he to duck and dodge Sandy 's sudden attack . pitch whoa --?? pitch disperse a stream of nightmare sand , turn it into a gigantic sickle and swing it back at Sandy . Jack duck , avoid injury as Sandy 's push back against a ledge . Sandy quickly grab pitch with another dreamsand stream and yank he off he foot , slamm he repeatedly against the top of the building until finally throw he off the rooftop . pitch bounce off the ground as he crash into a empty STREET . as Sandy dust he hand and calmly step off the rooftop to follow , Jack look on , astonished . jack remind I not to get on you bad side . ext . empty STREET - continuous pitch shake off the crash , try to back up as Sandy touch down and move toward he , Jack follow . pitch cower on the ground in fear as they approach . pitch ( look up , plead ) okay , easy ! you can not blame I for try , Sandy . you do not know what it 's like to be weak and hate . it be stupid of I to mess with you dream . so I will tell you what - Sandy continue forward , grim face ... but suddenly pitch stop cower and stand up . his tone change . pitch ( cont 'd ) you can have `em back ! before Jack and Sandy can react , a nightmare shoot up through a storm drain as several other nightmares gather in the alley behind he . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 71 . Jack and Sandy look around as hundred of nightmares descend from the surround rooftop to encircle they . this do not look good . Jack , worried , look to Sandy and mutter ... jack you take the one on the leave , I will take the one on the right ? meanwhile , pitch rise up from off the ground as onyx take shape underneath he . pitch grab onto onyx 's mane as it snort and snarl . he then lean forward . pitch boo ! pitch 's army of nightmares begin to charge . then suddenly , the sound of bell and reindeer echo in the distance -- north's sleigh burst through the cloud . Jack and pitch look up into the sky as it circle overhead . the sleigh turn toward pitch , only to fly a few foot over he head . pitch turn as it pass over he , slightly confuse . north's sleigh North 's asleep at the wheel , along with Bunny and tooth . suddenly , the sleigh clip one of its skis as it fly over City Hall , jolting North to attention . NORTH ah ! Bunny awake with a fright from a bad a dream . bunnymund get outta my warren ! ( realize he 's awake now ) huh ? ext . empty STREET - continuous still battle nightmares , Sandy propel himself and Jack into the air with a stream of dreamsand and launch Jack away from the nightmares . Jack quickly orient himself and knock a oncoming nightmare with he staff . tooth quickly jump off the side of the sleigh toward Jack and Sandy . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 72. Jack , knock away a few more nightmares with he staff , and look up . tooth suddenly fly into view through the swarm of nightmares , slice they apart with she wing , cause they to explode into black sand . pitch pitch give a signal and leap into the air , lead another wave of nightmares after the guardian . sleigh back in the sleigh , Bunny jump out and land on a nearby roof . Bunny quickly toss he boomerang which disintegrate every nightmare in its path . Bunny catch the return boomerang , leap off the roof , and grab the skid of the sleigh as it pass by . the sleigh North stand , draw both he scimitar , and dice the oncoming nightmares to bit as they attack . NORTH ha. ha. ha. come on ! Jack head back to the sleigh by dodging two nightmares as they attack . as he continue he descent , Jack be suddenly blind sided by another nightmare , which knock the staff from he hand . for a moment , Jack be in a state of panic as he find himself in free fall . jack aaaaaaaah ! he finally manage to hook onto the staff , control he descent , and land on the sleigh as it fly past . bunnymund ( coolly , to Jack ) you might want to duck . Jack duck as a nightmare rear up behind he , but one of Bunny 's boomerangs blast through it and zip back to Bunny 's wait paw . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 73. sandy Sandy high up in he cloud , do he best to contain the Mass of nightmare that be swirl around he . pitch pitch rise from behind a group of nightmares . he stretch he arm as a arrow of nightmare sand form behind he . sleigh Jack and the guardian watch as more nightmares speed away to join they herd . Sandy look overwhelm by the onslaught . jack we gotta help Sandy ! NORTH hyah ! North crack the reign , turn the sleigh , and head toward the swirl cloud of yellow and black sand . pitch pitch take aim and release the arrow . it fly through the air and into sandy be back , explode on impact . sleigh the guardian look on , horrify . jack noooo ! Jack leap ahead of the sleigh and fly toward Sandy . NORTH Jack ! pitch Sandy feel the shock and turn around . a patch of blackness start slowly spread across he body . pitch laugh as he and Sandy lock eye . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 74 . pitch hahahahaha !... do not fight the fear , little man . the sleigh the guardian continue to speed toward Sandy , but nightmares begin collide with the sleigh , slow they progress . NORTH hurry , hurry ! pitch pitch relish this moment of triumph . pitch I would say sweet dream , but there be not any leave . Sandy , he eye fill with terror , fall to he knee as the patch of blackness continue to spread . jack Jack press on , try to reach Sandy as fast as he can . sandy Sandy stand up , accept he fate , and close he eye as he and he dreamsand cloud be consume by the writhe blackness of the nightmare sand . the sleigh NORTH Sandy ... jack horrify , clenches he staff as he fly toward pitch . jack no ... noooooo !!!! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 75 . sandy Sandy 's go . his beautiful Golden dreamsand , now black , merge with the rest of pitch 's nightmare sand . pitch be beyond delighted . his plan actually work ! pitch then notice Jack fly towards he , glow energy emanate from Jack 's staff . pitch raise he hand and send a massive wave of nightmares toward Jack . the sleigh the guardian be stunne . jack Jack quickly realize that 's he 's in over he head as the attack nightmares begin to overtake he . he 's engulf by nightmares and there be nothing but silence . pitch pitch look on with a smile until a bolt of lightning suddenly erupt from within the writhe black sand . jack jack ahhhhhh !!!!! a gust of wind blow past pitch , quickly follow by a massive wave of ice and frost that rocket back up the stream of nightmare sand toward he , culminate in a explosion of ice and snow . pitch aaahh !!!! ext . burgess - night Jack free fall back to Earth , unconscious . NORTH Jack ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 76 . tooth quickly rescue he and set he back down in the sleigh . tooth Jack , how do you do that ? jack ( regaining consciousness ) I , I do not know I could . ext . burgess forest - night pitch pull himself laboriously from the mud and weed amongst the tree where he 's crash - land , oddly , he seem delighted . he look up to see a bright glow -- North 's snowglobe portal . the sleigh zoom into it and it wink out . pitch shake the frost from he arm as score of nightmares swarm behind pitch , regroup after the blast . pitch , at the center , seem as pleased as can be . pitch finally ! someone who know how to have a little fun ! CUT to : seq . 1700 - guardian regroup int . NORTH pole - globe room - day we be in the midst of a somber ceremony , mark the pass of Sandy . Burning candle line the perimeter of Sandy 's stone emblem . tooth set down a candle and stand shoulder to shoulder with North and Bunny . the three hold hand in solace . the ringing of somber bell can be hear echoing throughout the chamber , as we reveal the elve and a yeti ringing the elf bell as part of a ceremonial dirge . int . NORTH pole - globe room - day - moment later Jack , face a window , frost over the glass with he finger to form a symbol of Sandy . North slowly walk up behind he . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 77 . NORTH be you alright ? Jack remain still , he eye fix on the image of Sandy . jack I just , I wish I could have do something . NORTH done something ? Jack , you stand up to pitch . you save we . jack but Sandy will -- NORTH ( put he hand on jack shoulder ) would be proud of what you do . Jack pull back he hoodie and stand up . NORTH ( cont 'd ) I do not know who you be in you past life , but in this life you be Guardian . jack but how can I know who I be , until I find out who I be ? NORTH you will . I feel it , in my belly . Jack and North approach the globe which be lose light at a alarming rate . tooth look how fast they be go out . jack ( getting it ) it 's fear . he 's tip the balance . Jack drift up closer the globe . he look at the light go out , then back to the guardian . there 's a nervous tension in the room . bunnymund ( twirling he boomerang ) hey , buck up ya sad-sack . come on ! we can still turn this around ! ( more ) guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 78. bunnymund ( cont 'd ) Easter be tomorrow and I need you help . I say we pull out all the stop and we get that little light flicker again ! CUT to : int . NORTH pole - factory floor - day a massive wooden door swing open ; North lead Jack and the guardian through the doorway , into a elevator , and through he factory . NORTH Bunny be right . ( to bunny ) as much as it pain I to say old friend , this time Easter be more important than Christmas ! bunnymund hey ! do everyone hear that ?! NORTH we must hurry to the Warren . everyone , to the sleigh ! bunny ohh no , mate . my warren my rule . buckle up . Bunny direct the group attention to the ground . he tap he foot and a rabbit hole open up under they foot . NORTH shostakovich ! CUT to : seq . 1775 - preparation for easter int . bunnymund's tunnel - day the guardian plummet through Bunny 's tunnel . int . bunnymund's warren Jack , Bunny and tooth arrive gracefully in the warren 's antechamber , while North and the yetis come to a crash halt . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 79 . NORTH ( chuckle ) " buckle up . " be very funny . bunnymund welcome to the warren -- Bunny stand before they when suddenly , he shift he attention . he turn , he ear perk up and he nose sniff the air . bunnymund something 's up . something 's amiss . a faint scream begin to echo from within the depth of one of Bunny 's egg tunnel . tiny egg come scuttling out from the tunnel . Bunny grab he boomerang , North draw he sword , and Jack ready he staff as the sound of booming footstep , scream , and the rustling of foliage grow louder . bunnymund ahhhh ! Bunny begin to charge toward the tunnel . at he side be the guardian , yetis , and sentinel egg all bellow they loudest battle cry until ... Sophie burst out . all momentum come to a halt . jack Sophie ? they immediately withdraw they weapon , mildly embarrassed . Sophie giggle and immediately run after one of the elve . sophie elf , elf , elf ! bunnymund what be she do here !!? North look down at he coat pocket - ooops . NORTH ( embarrassed ) ah , snow globe . bunnymund crikey ! somebody do something ! jack do not look at I , I be invisible , remember ? guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 80 . Sophie giggle as she drag the elf by the bell atop its uniform . tooth ( confident ) do not worry , Bunny . I bet she 's a fairy fan . ( fly up to Sophie ) it 's okay little one . sophie ( to tooth ) pretty ! tooth awww ! you know what , I get something for you . here it be . ( she pull something out ) look at all the pretty tooth with little blood and gum on they . Sophie run away scream . jack ( laugh ) blood and gum ? when be the last time you guy actually hang out with kid ? meanwhile , Sophie be run around the warren , explore and play . Sophie poke she head into a small tunnel . sophie peek-a-boo. NORTH we be very busy bring joy to child ! we do not have time ... ( embarrassed ) ... for child . Jack walk toward she , form a snowflake , which float over toward Sophie . she try to grab at it . jack if one little kid can ruin Easter , then ... we be in worse shape than I think . Sophie follow the snowflake as Jack lead it over to Bunny . sophie weeee ! weee , weee , weee ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 81. the snowflake land on Bunny 's nose and he concern suddenly seem to slip away . Jack 's magic be take affect . int . bunnymund's warren - day - moment later Close up on a flower , that open to reveal a egg . the egg stand up wobbly on its spindly little leg . we pull out to reveal Sophie and Bunny 's face look on , Sophie amaze , Bunny proud . bunnymund you wanna paint some egg ? yeah ? sophie okay ! bunnymund come on then ! we pull out further to reveal a massive stone spire , cover in moss , as thousand of unpaint egg stream down the side of it toward a green meadow . North and Jack stand in the midst of it all , slack - jaw , as the egg rush towards they . NORTH rimsky korsakov ! that 's a lot of egg . jack uh , how much time do we have ? a GREEN meadow sophie weeeeee ! bunnymund woooohoooo ! Bunny hop into view , Sophie cling to he back smile , lead a huge mass of egg down a wide path . as he pass , flowers bloom on either side in he wake , blasting the pass egg with color as they go . bunnymund ( v.o. ) alright troops , it 's time to push back . that mean egg ! everywhere ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 82. the sorting stone North look out over the egg as they get sort . NORTH ( walla ) single file ! Sophie , on she back , be carry by the egg through the sorting stone . she giggle as North wave at she while she pass by . bunnymund ( v.o. ) heaps of you in every high - rise , farm house and trailer park ! baby tooth fly across the screen , diverting we attention to a multicolor stream off in the distance . bunnymund ( v.o. ) in tennis shoe and cereal bowl ! baby tooth join a elf , who stand alongside a egg at the edge of a cliff . the elf push the egg over the cliff , into the stream , and celebrate with a victory dance . bunnymund ( v.o. ) oh , there will be bathtub fill with my beautiful googy ! the elf turn just in time to see a stampede of color egg come barrel toward he . they knock he off the cliff as he and the egg spill into the multi-color stream below . a sparkling stream color egg wade through the water , emerge with secondary color and intricate pattern of all kind . a unlucky egg veer off and get stick in a whirlpool . we see a hand fish it out to reveal North , who look at the egg curiously . it 's now get a spiral pattern on it and its little legs kick madly . NORTH okay , that 's little strange . bunnymund naw , mate -- Bunny 's surround by butterfly and cute little egg . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 83. bunnymund ( cont 'd ) that 's adorable . as a technicolor elf climb out of the stream , North set the egg down and let it rejoin the herd . a GREEN meadow as Sophie lead a parade of egg , Bunny jump to a adjacent rock and sit up to address the egg as they walk in stride . meanwhile , Jack ride atop a group of sentinel egg that be march in the back ground . bunnymund there will be springtime ! on every continent ! and I be bring hope with I ! a GREEN meadow - continuous close on : a line of egg run down curl vine as yetis sprinkle they with glitter . they continue on down various vine corkscrew - like shoot , decorate the egg with stripe . a confuse elf emerge from the vine , stripe with paint and walk off . a GREEN meadow - continuous the stripe elf walk past a yeti , painting a mound of egg red . Bunny enter frame and hop across the screen . bunnymund too christmas-y , mate , paint `em blue . the yeti throw its arm up in defeat and toss the egg . a GREEN meadow - moment later a beautifully paint egg hide in the grass . bunnymund ( o.s. ) oh , what 's over there ? Sophie appear , spot the egg , and delicately lift it out of the grass . she hold it close to admire the intricate detail of its shell . Sophie bring the egg to Bunny for he to inspect . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 84 . bunnymund ( cont 'd ) that 's a beauty ! Bunny take Sophie by the hand and lead she through a stone archway . bunnymund ( cont 'd ) now all we gotta do be get he and he little mate through the tunnel , to the top , and we will have ourselves Easter . the stream of colored egg Bunny look out proudly at the egg gather in front of the tunnel in the distance . Jack approach from behind and make he way alongside Bunny , who hold Sophie in he arm . its we first real vista of the whole warren . it 's a spectacular sight . jack not bad . Sophie yawn and begin to fall asleep . Bunny turn to Jack with a smile . bunnymund not bad yourself . jack look , I be sorry about that whole , you know , the " kangaroo " thing . bunnymund it 's the accent , be not it ? North come up from behind with tooth at he side . they turn toward Bunny , marvel at the sight of Sophie , fast sleep . it 's touch . Bunny 's face soften , as if remember a distant memory . bunnymund ah , poor little ankle-biter . look at she , all tuckere out . tooth I love she ! they look up from the sleep toddler toward Jack . he 's teach they something today . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 85 . tooth I think it 's time to get she home . Bunny hand the sleep Sophie over to tooth . jack how about I take she home ? tooth Jack , no ! pitch be -- jack -- no match for this . ( twirl he staff ) bunnymund which be why we need you here , with we . the guardian look at Jack with concern . jack trust I , I will be quick as a bunny . CUT to : seq . 1804 - returning sophie int . sophie' bedroom - night Jack try to lay a sleep Sophie down in she bed , but she will not let go of he neck . finally , she release she grasp only to roll over and fall out of bed . baby tooth give Jack a scornful look . jamie' mom ( o.s. ) Sophie ? be that you ? Jack and baby tooth 's eye widen . Sophie , asleep on the floor , be quickly cover with a blanket and give a squeaky stuff animal . ext . sophie' bedroom window - continuous Jack close the window and look to baby tooth with a sign of relief . jack we should get back . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 86. baby tooth nod , when ... voice from a memory ( o.s. ) ( laughing ) Jack ... Jack stop , confuse . where be that voice come from ? he look out across the town , toward the wood , and the sound of the echoed voice . jack that voice , I know that voice ... baby tooth look to he , worried . voice from a memory ( o.s. ) Jack ... with that , Jack leap off the window ledge . ext . burgess - a moment later Jack , carry by the wind , fly across town toward the sound of the eerie voice . baby tooth follow , try to keep up . Jack take a moment to orient himself and land , settling on a rotate vent ; as the momentum slowly spin he around , the voice call out to he again . voice from a memory ( o.s. ) Jack ... Jack turn , look to the wood , and take off . ext . wood - burgess - a moment later Jack and baby tooth land in the middle of a thickly wood area . it 's spooky . Jack scan the forest when again he hear ... voice from a memory ( o.s. ) Jack ... Jack give chase . he sprint through the thicket and enter a clear only to find the decrepit remain of a rotting frame from a child 's bed . very creepy . what would that be do in the wood , and how long have it be here ? jack do not worry , there 's still time . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 87. baby tooth desperately try to get Jack 's attention by tug at he tunic , and tweeting desperately . Jack take he staff , and break through the damage frame , revealing a hole lead deep underground . voice from a memory ( o.s. ) Jack ... what to do ? Jack jump down the hole , reluctantly follow by baby tooth . CUT to : seq . 2100 - pitch trick jack int . pitch tunnel Jack continue along a long dark tunnel with baby tooth close behind . eventually the labyrinth open up to reveal a huge underground cavern . baby tooth continue to tug at Jack 's tunic . jack ( wave baby tooth off ) baby tooth , baby ... come on ! ( beat ) I have to find out what that be . int . pitch inner sanctum - continuous Jack can not believe he eye . dozen of huge bird cage hang from the ceiling , and in they be the mini tooth fairy . they see Jack , and immediately perk up , tweeting and flitting like crazy . Jack jump up onto one of the cage , then quickly leap and hold onto the side of another one . jack ( whisper ) shhhh ! keep it down . ( leap to another cage ) I be gonna get you out of here , just as soon as I -- voice from a memory Jack ... Jack turn away from the fairy , distract . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 88. voice from a memory Jack ... jack ( under he breath ) as I can -- Jack look down and see the tooth drawer from tooth 's Palace . mound of they heape to the ceiling . and inside the drawer be the miss baby tooth . he drop down to a mound and begin rummage through the drawer , look at the name on the box . in a instant he forget he duty , and the fairy , and the guardian and everything except that tooth , and the chance to finally get he memory back . the cavern suddenly go darker than it already be . Jack finally look up , as a shadow of pitch crawl up a nearby column . pitch ( o.s. ) look for something ? Jack swing around with he staff , shoot off a blast of ice , but pitch be not there . Jack take off , follow the sound of pitch 's cackle as it echoe throughout the chamber . Jack round a corner as he see pitch 's shadow glide across the wall into a shadow corridor . pitch ( o.s. ) do not be afraid , Jack . I be not go to hurt you . Jack continue along a shadow corridor . jack afraid ? Jack see pitch on a bridge across the cavern and head after he . jack ( cont 'd ) I be not afraid of you ! pitch maybe not . but you be afraid of something . Jack steadily approach , cautious and alert . jack you think so , huh ? guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 89 . pitch I know so . it 's the one thing I always know . pitch finally turn to face Jack . pitch ( cont 'd ) people 's great fear . your be that no one will ever believe in you . panic flash in Jack 's eye . as he back away , the chamber fill with shadow , and Jack be spun around . he 's disorient as he thud into a wall , which flip to reveal that it 's actually the ground . pitch , unseen now , chuckle . Jack 's unsure of where he be . he look back to see the cavern entrance -- he 's right back where he start . pitch ( o.s. ) and worst of all , you be afraid you will never know why . why you ? why be you choose ... to be like this ? Jack discover that the entrance have be block with brick as pitch 's shadow encroach on he . pitch well fear not , for the answer to that ... pitch be now directly in front of Jack , hold out a tooth box . pitch ( cont 'd ) be right here . Jack 's eye widen at the sight - the face of a young boy etched into the box , and under it be the name " Jack frost . " pitch do you want they , Jack ? you memory ? he hold they out to Jack . Jack stare , fight the impulse to grab they . he close he eye , struggle to make a decision , but when he open they again , pitch have disappear . pitch 's shadow move across the pillar of the cavern . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 90 . Jack head down a corridor , cast shadow from the Mini tooth cage everywhere . pitch ( o.s. ) everything you want to know ... pitch 's face move in and out of the shadow over the follow . pitch ... in this little box . every time Jack turn , pitch disappear . it 's like Jack 's trap in a fun house . multiple pitch shadow have appear on the wall around Jack . they be close in on he . pitch why do you end up like this ? unseen . unable to reach out to anyone . ( beat ) you want the answer so badly . you want to grab they , and fly off with they . but you be afraid of what the guardian will think . Jack 's breath quicken . he 's be push into a corner . pitch you be afraid of disappoint they . ( smile ) well let I ease you mind about one thing . they will never accept you . not really . the shadow have overcome Jack . jack ( try to scramble away ) stop it ! stop it ! almost reluctantly , the shadow back away and pitch appear before Jack . pitch after all , you be not one of they . Jack aim he staff at pitch . jack you do not know what I be ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 91 . pitch of course I do . you be Jack frost . you make a mess wherever you go . why , you be do it right now . pitch toss the box to Jack , who instinctively catch it . Jack look up . terror come into Jack 's eye , as he realize ... jack what do you do ? pitch more to the point Jack , what do you do ? pitch begin to back away , become one with the darkness , laugh as he disappear . Jack charge towards he only to be swallow whole by one of pitch 's black hole . CUT to : seq . 2200 - guardian break with jack int . egg tunnel - day Jack fly out of pitch 's shadow , ready to strike . suddenly , Jack realize he 's forget something . jack baby tooth ! he turn to re-enter the hole in the wall only to find himself face to face with one of Bunny 's stone emblem . pitch ( o.s. ) happy Easter , Jack . Jack turn around . suddenly , he eye fill with dread as he realize where he be . thousands of break egg shell lay strewn about , form a path toward the light at the end of the tunnel . jack no . ext . park - england - day Bunny peak through the bush to take in the scene - a Easter Egg hunt . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 92 . british kide ( walla ) there be no egg . there 's none anywhere . I give up . come on , let 's go . I do not understand . Bunny check the egg in he basket , then look back toward the kid . british girl maybe he just hide they really well this year . Bunny , egg basket in hand , approach a group of kid who seem to be wander around search halfheartedly , disappointed and listless . bunnymund ( o.s. ) kid ! oi! british boy I check everywhere ! there 's nothing ! bunnymund ( step towards they ) yes there be ! there be ! I mean this be not my best lookin ' googy , but they will do in a pinch ! he hold out a break Easter egg . the kid just stare . british girl I can not believe it . bunnymund I know . british girl there 's no such thing as the Easter Bunny . the girl turn to leave . bunnymund what ? british kide ( o.s. ) ( walla ) Easter 's over . forget this . it 's only then that we realize he 's too late . the spark of childhood have already be extinguish in all of they . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 93. bunnymund no ! wrong ! not , not true ! I be right in front of ya , mate ! british kide ( walla ) there 's no such thing . I know . the kid walk through bunnymund as if he be a ghost . Bunny be stunne by this , and finally realize ... british kide ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( walla ) now come on . I do not understand . why would not he come ? let 's get out of here . Easter Bunny , where be you ? this be the worst Easter ever . bunnymund they do not see I . ( beat ) they do not see I . jack 's watch this all unfold and it 's heartbreaking , because he know it 's he fault . tooth fly to Bunny 's side . Jack hear a rustle in the bush behind he . NORTH ( o.s. ) Jack , where be you ? Jack see North , with he scimitar draw and have just come from battle . he 's exhaust , wild - eye , distraught . NORTH ( cont 'd ) the nightmares attack the tunnel . they smashed every egg , crush every basket . nothing make it to the surface . tooth ( o.s. ) Jack ! tooth rejoin the group from off screen . tooth ( cont 'd ) ( gasp ) where do you get that ? Jack look down at the tooth box in he hand , then back to tooth . jack I be ... it 's ... guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 94 . tooth where 's baby tooth ? ( feeling betraye ) oh Jack , what have you do ? NORTH that be why you be not here ? North step forward to confront Jack . NORTH ( cont 'd ) you be with pitch ? jack no , listen , listen ... I be sorry . I do not mean for this to happen . bunnymund ( o.s. ) ( to other ) he have to go . Jack turn to see Bunny , dishearten . jack ( stunned beat ) what ? bunnymund we should never have trust you ! ( forlorn ) Easter be new beginning , new life . Easter be about hope . ( beat ) and now it 's go . Bunny turn away and move toward the park , look at the sign that read , ` Easter Egg hunt . ' this be like a punch in Jack 's gut . he look back to tooth and North , both of whom look away , too hurt by Jack . he look at they with a pain expression . this be exactly what pitch say would happen . Jack reach into he pocket , pull out the tiny Russian nest doll that North have give he , drop the doll to the ground , and take off . as Jack leave , carry off by the wind , we see the tiny Russian nest doll lay on the ground . CUT to : guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 95 . seq . 2600 - jamie still believe ext . jamie' house - dusk Jamie , atop a ladder , strain for what look like a Easter egg , hide in the rain gutter . the ladder totter and Jamie lose he balance , beginning to fall . jamie whoaaa , whoa , whoa ... aaaah ! Jamie grab the gutter but it break loose , send Jamie crash down into a mound of snow . as Jamie get up off the ground , he see that the Easter egg be in fact a dirty old tennis ball . Jamie stand up , bewilder , and dust himself off as he friend laugh . a few have empty easter basket . jamie let 's check the park again . caleb really ? claude ( annoyed ) for what , the Easter Bunny ? jamie guy , I tell you - I see he ! he 's way bigger than I think , and he 's get this cool boomerang - thing - caleb grow up , Jamie . claude ( sigh ) ah man , seriously . jamie what 's happen to you guy ? caleb it be a dream . you should be happy you still get dream like that and not ... they begin to turn away from he . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 96 . cupcake ( haunted ) nightmares . pippa 's the lone straggler . she look tired , depressed , and hand Jamie she basket as she leave . pippa forget it , Jamie . there 's just no Easter this year . caleb ( o.s. ) I can not believe this . jamie he really be real ! pippa walk away , trail the other . Jamie do not know what to believe . he hang he head and look into the Easter basket , it 's empty . jamie ( cont 'd ) I know he be . int . NORTH pole - globe room - day yetis stare at the globe of belief , in shock as more and more light begin to fad away . we push in toward Antarctica as we - dissolve to : seq . 2304 - jack in antarctica ext . iceberg - antarctic circle - day Jack run to the edge of a float iceberg , ready to throw he tooth box into the ocean . he resist , look down at the box as he clutches it in he hand . he 's never be more alone in he life . pitch ( o.s. ) I think this might happen . pitch be reveal , stand not far behind Jack . pitch ( cont 'd ) they never really believe in you . I be just try to show you that . but I understand . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 97 . Jack whip around and shoot a burst of frost at pitch , but it 's quickly deflect by the nightmare sand . jack you do not understand anything ! Jack continue to attack , lash out with he staff . pitch block the attack of ice and frost -- he control over the nightmare sand have gain considerable strength . pitch ( shout ) no ? I do not know what it 's like to be cast out ? pitch strike back , put Jack on the defense . Jack jump in the air . they show of force escalate until they be shroud in a blanket of snow , ice , and wind . as the wind and snow settle , Jack look around stern and alert . pitch ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) to not be believe in . to long for a family . Jack turn around to find pitch . there 's a look of compassion on Jack 's face as he listen . pitch ( cont 'd ) all that year in the shadow I think , no one else know what this feel like . but now I see I be wrong . they lock eye . a moment of true connection between they . pitch ( cont 'd ) we do not have to be alone , Jack . this be not a trick pitch be make a real offer here . pitch ( cont 'd ) I believe in you . and I know child will too . jack in I ? pitch yes ! look at what we can do ! pitch gesture to a fantastical ice and nightmare " sculpture " that be create ( off -screen ) when Jack attack he . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 98 . pitch ( cont 'd ) what go together better than cold and dark ? Jack look at the fracture reflection of themselves cast in the icy sculpture . pitch ( cont 'd ) we can make they believe . we will give they a world where everything , everything be ... Jack turn to face pitch . jack ( deadpan ) pitch black ... pitch , realize how this look , clarifies ... pitch and Jack frost too . they will believe in both of we . Jack stare at he , consider the offer . then finally ... jack no , they will fear both of we . and that 's not what I want . Jack turn and walk away . jack ( cont 'd ) now for the last time , leave I alone . pitch look confuse and hurt . this be not the response he be expect . then ...his eye flame with anger . he make himself vulnerable , and Jack reject he . no more negotiate now . pitch very well . you want to be leave alone ? done . but first ... suddenly Jack hear a familiar twitter . pitch reach into he coat to pull out ... jack baby tooth ! Jack charge forward . there 's terror in baby tooth 's eye . she squeak as pitch clenches she tight with he fist . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 99 . pitch the staff , Jack . Jack settles and the wind and snow subside . pitch ( cont 'd ) you have a bad habit of interfere . now hand it over . ( beat ) and I will let she go . baby tooth ( twitter - do not give it to he ! ) baby tooth struggle to get loose , but pitch only tighten he grip . she can hardly breathe . Jack have no choice . Jack ... hand over ... the staff . pitch twirl the staff . jack ( be : baby tooth ) alright , now let she go . pitch no . you say you want to be alone . ( beat ) so be alone ! baby tooth squirm until she 's finally able to peck pitch in the hand with she beak . pitch shriek and throw baby tooth in the air and down into the mouth of a crevasse . jack no ! Jack , enraged , can not believe what he 's see . pitch lift the staff , and break it over he knee , crack it in two . Light explode from the staff and terror come into Jack 's eye , clutching he chest as if in pain . suddenly , pitch send a burst of nightmare sand , blast Jack and slamm he into the iceberg wall behind he . as the ice crack , Jack come loose and fall forward into the chasm below . pitch look down into the ice fissure chuckle . he throw the break shard of Jack 's staff down into the crevasse and casually walk away , disappear on the horizon . CUT to : guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 100 . seq . 2308 - jack memory ext . ice fissure - night it 's cold and dark down here , and Jack be more alone than he 's ever be . batter from the fall , Jack slowly look up and notice baby tooth , lie lifelessly on the ground . jack baby tooth ! he pull himself to she and cradle she in he hand . jack you alright ? baby tooth nod , but she 's hurt , and cold . Jack do he best to shield she from the cold . jack sorry , all I can do be keep you cold . Jack sit up and hold baby tooth in he hand . jack pitch be right - I make a mess of everything . Jack be devastate . baby tooth 's never see he like this ; it 's heart break ... then she get a think . her expression harden with determination . she wriggle deep into he pocket . jack hey ? Jack lean back and begin to close he eye when he hear something -- voice from a memory Jack ... Jack ... -- and then he feel something . look down : there 's a soft , golden glow come from he pocket . Jack jump , take aback . he reach in and pull out the tooth BOX -- it 's pulsing with light . voice from a memory Jack ... guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 101 . baby tooth give he a reassure look . baby tooth motion to the box , then look back at Jack . Jack reach to touch the box , but as he do its top magically unfold to reveal a handful of baby teeth - then the box and everything else glow bright with intense light - the wall of the fissure seem to suddenly fall away . in brief flash we see : the colonial settlement Jack visit . Children run playfully down a hill . jack mother come on Jack , you can not have fun all the time . children' laughing face as a familiar boy hang upside down from a tree limb . jack sister Jack , get down from there ! a happy family at a roaring fire as the same boy joke around with antler on he head . colonial boy ( o.s. ) you be funny , Jack . Jack walk toward the wood with he sister . his mother , face unseen , call out to he . jack mother be careful . Jack shake he head like he 's hear it a million time but never pay it any mind . jack ( laughing ) we will . and then -- start jack memory we be on a eye , a familiar eye but this one be brown not blue . pull back to reveal young jack , brown hair , brown eye . he be stare directly at the camera , a look of ... what be it ? it 's hard to read but it 's very intense . we keep pull back to reveal he dress as we first see he in 16th century clothes . behind he , dark winter tree and snow come in to focus . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 102. ext . frozen pond - burgess - day jack ( calm , serious ) it 's okay . it 's okay . do not look down , just look at I . Jack reach slowly down and remove the second of two rudimentary ice-skate , leave he barefoot on the surface of a familiar frozen pond . and now we see what he see , a girl of about four ( with a uncanny resemblance to Jamie 's sister Sophie ) stand in she skate , roote to the spot . a spider 's web of crack emanate from where she stand . jack sister Jack , I be scared . cracckkk ! the ice below she splinter more . she wobble as it start to separate . jack I know , I know ... but you be gonna be alright . you be not gonna fall in . we be gonna have a little fun instead . jack sister no we be not ! jack would I trick you ? jack sister ( fight back tear ) yes ! you always play trick ! jack ( chuckle ) well , alright . well , not , not this time . I promise . I promise , you be gonna be ... you be gonna be fine . Jack fix she gaze ... hold it ... there 's nothing but the two of they . jack you have to believe in I . Jack 's sister pause a moment , then smile through she fear . and just like that , Jack 's demeanor change . a light be switch on inside he and the last thing that could be happen be what be actually happen . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 103. jack ( cont 'd ) ( casual , playfully ) you wanna play a game ? we be go to play hopscotch ! like we play every day ! Jack 's sister look more reassure . jack ( cont 'd ) it 's as easy as ...one ... whoaaaa ... and Jack show he sister the first leap , but mug for she , almost lose he balance then catch himself . she laugh . jack ( cont 'd ) two ... ( the next jump ) Three ! he turn toward she with he arm spread out . jack alright ... he reach down to pick up a familiar - look stick lie on the ice . he extend it towards she -- jack ( cont 'd ) now it 's you turn . Jack 's sister look down . she be try to gather she courage . Jack , never break he gaze with she , jack ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) one ... she hop , wobble , but catch she balance . jack that 's it , that 's it ...two ... she 's almost there , Jack 's staff just beyond she reach . jack Three . she grab hold of Jack 's staff and in one massive effort he sling she with all he might to safety . but the movement propel he into the crack ice . he look up to see he sister safe - smile - and then plunge into the dark cold water . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 104 . jack whoa ... jack sister Jack ! Jack fall back into the icy water . splash ! underwater we be look up at the hole in the ice , descend into the dark icy depth ... then the full moon appear from behind the cloud as Jack 's hand claw through the water towards it , but it 's helpless . the moon glow bright ... brighter ... Jack 's body begin to glow , bath in moonlight . push in on he face , become brighter and brighter until he brown hair turn white and jack bright blue eye flash open -- ext . mountain fissure - night the icy wall rush back in as we pull out from Jack , reeling from the memory . he see baby tooth . jack do you -- do you see that ? she shake she head `no ' , tweet `of course not ' ! jack it -- it be I ! I have a family ! I have a sister ! his excitement suddenly turn to realization . jack I save she ! he look up at the open above . the moon peek out from behind the cloud . jack ( whisper up to manny ) that 's why you choose I . ( to himself ) I be , I be a Guardian . the Moon seem to shine a little brighter . baby tooth try to take flight but she sputter and land back in the palm of Jack 's hand . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 105 . jack we have to get out of here . Jack look down at the two halve of he staff , and pick they up . he try to fit they back together , but nothing happen . he try again , this time use every ounce of strength leave in he . baby tooth watch , she eye widen as , a spark of blue light shoot off the staff . Jack continue to push , until a the icy blue light spread and meld the two end of the staff back together . Jack smile . ext . iceberg - day suddenly Jack , with baby tooth tuck safely in he tunic , shoot up out of the fissure , high into the sky and through the cloud . jack come on baby tooth ! I owe you one . CUT to : seq . 2500 - the last light int . pitch be lair - night a series of quick cut : the Mini teeth twitter as Jack jump from cage to cage , open they as he go . Jack open another cage and notice the fairy stand still . jack come on , let 's go . Jack look around and notice that all of the minis be still in they cage . jack ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ?! the fairy be just stand around , listless . jack ( cont 'd ) none of you can fly ? baby tooth direct Jack 's attention to the Globe at the base of pitch 's lair . jack the light ... guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 106 . int . NORTH pole - factory floor a yeti very carefully set the last of a group of newly paint red robot doll on a shelf . he breathes a sigh of relief . suddenly , the entire factory begin to shake , knock the robot doll to the ground . he dive after it , juggle it in the air , and catch it just before it hit the ground . suddenly , streak of black sand whoosh up into and around the factory . the dark sand snake its way up and around the globe , cause the yetis and elve to scatter and knock toy to the floor . the yetis and elve look up in horror as the black sand , now cover the globe , give rise to pitch , who stand before they cackle . pitch you be all free to go ! we will not be need any Christmas toy this year , thank you ! nor ever again ! the yeti with the robot doll sink he head and sigh in defeat . int . pitch be lair - night Jack land on the ground , now stand before pitch globe -- and it look almost completely devoid of light . jack they be all go out ... int . NORTH pole - day pitch be practically dance across North 's globe , he 's so giddy , count down as the last few light go dark . pitch only six leave ! six precious child who still believe in the guardian with all they h-- ( a light blink out ) make that , five . ( another ) oo ! four ! ( mounting ) Three ! ( ecstasy ) two ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 107 . his eye widen as he snap he finger with anticipation and glee . all of he hard work and plan - finally pay off ! pitch stare down at the one last light , wait for it to go out . he snap he finger a few more time . still nothing . his smile fade . his face go cold as he realize ... pitch ( to himself ) one . int . pitch be lair - night Jack jump up onto the globe to closely inspect the last light . the light be bring into full view . Jack smile . jack Jamie ! we be tight on the globe , where the last light flicker . we push in to the light and ... ext . burgess - night ... down onto the street of burgess . we race over the town until we land on Jamie 's house , a single light shine from he bedroom window . dissolve to : seq . 2000 - jack and jamie int . jamie' room - continuous Jamie be sit up in bed , talk to a old stuff rabbit , and whisper . jamie okay look , you and I be obviously at what they call a crossroad , so here 's what 's gonna happen - Jack appear outside Jamie 's window and move closer to get a better look . jamie ( cont 'd ) if it be not a dream and if you be real , then you have to prove it . like right now . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 108. Jamie wait . he look around expectantly . Jack look on from outside the window , wonder if anything will happen . jamie ( desperation creep in ) I have believe in you for a long time , okay ? like my whole life in fact . so you kinda owe I now . Jamie pick up he stuff rabbit and hold it close . jamie ( cont 'd ) you do not have to do much , just a little sign so I know . anything . ( beat ) anything at all . he wait . it 's excruciate . jamie ( a whisper ) I know it . Jamie let the stuff animal fall to the floor . Jack come into the room and watch as the light slowly fade from Jamie 's eye , disbelief set in . Jack do not know what to do . he take a moment to concentrate , then enter the room . then , Jamie notice the window as the pane of glass freeze over . the image of a Easter egg suddenly appear ... jamie ( see the window ) huh ? Jamie look down at the stuff rabbit on the floor . he can barely comprehend what he 's see . Jamie look back to the window as more of the window pane frost over . Jamie 's eye get huge with amazement . jamie he 's real . Jack , excited , continue to exert himself try to bring life to he draw . and when he do , the frost rabbit come leaping off of the window . jamie whoa ... the rabbit hop around Jamie 's room , burst like a snowball over Jamie 's head , the snowflake sprinkle down on he . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 109 . jamie whoa ! Jack be as amaze as Jamie . but Jamie 's amazement turn to confusion . jamie snow ? a snowflake land on the tip of Jamie 's nose . the snowflake glow a magic blue . and in that moment a light come into Jamie 's eye - a idea start to take hold . jamie ( whisper ) Jack frost ? jack ( a stunne beat ) do he just say --? Jamie stand up on he bed . jamie Jack frost . jack ( disbelief ) he say it again . he say -- ( beat ) you say ... Jamie turn around and suddenly he eye go wide ... jamie Jack frost . jack that 's right ! but - but that 's I ! Jack frost ! that 's my name ! you say my name ! Jamie 's mouth drop open . only then do Jack realize ... jack wait , can you hear I ? ( jamie nods ) can you ... can you see I ? ( jamie nods ) he see I . he see I ! Jack leap for joy , and the room suddenly explode with snow . Jamie can not believe it . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 110 . jamie you just make it snow . jack I know ! jamie in my room . jack I know ! jamie you be real ? jack yeah ! who do you think bring you all the blizzard and snow day , and you remember when you go fly on that sled the other day ?! jamie that be you ? jack that be I ! jamie cool ! jack right ?! jamie but what about the Easter Bunny and the tooth Fairy I mean -- jack real-real-real ! every one of we be real ! jamie I know it ! Jamie 's mom call from down the hall ... jamie' mom ( o.s. ) Jamie , who be you talk to ? jamie um ... Jack frost . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 111. jamie' mom ( o.s. ) ( a little chuckle ) ...okay . suddenly , the sound of thunder and North 's sleigh as Jack and Jamie look to the open window . smash CUT to : seq . 2800 - jack and guardian reunite ext . street of burgess - night NORTH ( o.s. ) whoa , whoa , whoa ... NORTH and tooth arrive on the sleigh completely out of control , and crash land outside Jamie 's house . the reindeer be separate from the sleigh and run into the wood . a dishevel tooth and North emerge from the wreckage . NORTH ah , moi deti ! come back ! as North stand , he back suddenly give out . tooth North ! be you okay ? NORTH be official . my power be kaput . tooth look ! ( gasp ) Jack ! Jack come fly toward they . tooth ( fly to he ) Jack --! tooth falter and fall to the ground . jack you okay ? they greet each other with a smile as North draw near . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 112. NORTH what be you do here ? jack same as you . Jack look off to the side as Jamie appear from out of he backyard . NORTH the last light ! jamie ( to North and tooth ) wow ! it be you ! I mean it be you ! I know it be not a dream . NORTH Jack ! he see you ! Jack put a protective hand on Jamie 's shoulder . Jamie look up at he and smile . Jack and North exchange a look . jack wait , but , where 's Bunny ? NORTH lose Easter take its toll on all of we . Bunny most of all . Jack 's face go pale . North lower he head in sadness . then a twitchy - nose little bunny appear on the sleigh . jack oh...no ... jamie ( chuckle ) that 's the Easter Bunny ? bunnymund now somebody see I ! I mean , where be you about a hour ago , mate ? jamie what happen to he ? he use to be huge and cool ! and now he 's cute . Jamie gently tickle Bunny under he chin . Bunny begin involuntarily thumping he paw . bunnymund oh , that 's good . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 113. Bunny catch himself and push Jamie 's hand away . bunnymund ( cont 'd ) ( to jack ) do you tell he to say that ? ( hop over to Jack ) that 's it ! let 's go ! I and you ! come on ! jamie no ! actually he tell I you be real . just when I start to think that maybe you be not . Bunny stop . do he just hear that right ? bunnymund he make you believe ? in I ? a moment of reconciliation between they , break by the sound of thunder . the guardian look to the sky to see pitch envelop by dark cloud as he stare down at they from atop a writhe mass of nightmare sand . jack ( to the other ) get Jamie out of here . NORTH be careful , Jack ! Jack leap into the air , and go fly directly at pitch . meanwhile , the guardian take Jamie to find shelter . on pitch his eye flash with anger at see Jack come toward he . pitch Jack frost ! let 's end this , shall we ? pitch sigh as he roll he eye and fly down to meet Jack head on . ext . street of burgess - night Jack send a blast of ice and frost at pitch as he barrel toward he . pitch easily absorb the attack with he nightmare sand . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 114. pitch that little trick do not work on I anymore . Jack 's plan backfire as pitch charge ahead and unleash a roaring fury of nightmare sand that knock Jack out of the sky . ext . street of burgess - moment later Jamie and the guardian do they best to avoid the patrol nightmares . North struggle to keep up . bunnymund Quick , this way this way ! Bunny lead they down a alley , but it 's no use . bunnymund ( cont 'd ) Dead end . other way other way ! Jack suddenly fall from the sky , land on a dumpster , and fall limp to the ground . thud ! the other turn they attention and wince . jamie Jack ! they rush to Jack and help he to he foot . NORTH that be good try , Jack ! a for effort ! jack ( groan in pain ) he 's stronger . I can not beat he . North and tooth trade look of concern . then , a menace chuckle . the guardian keep a watchful eye as nightmare shadow streak across the alley . pitch ( v.o. ) all this fuss over one little boy . and still he refuse to stop believe . a crack of Thunder reveal the shadow of a approach nightmare as the sound of hoof clack against the ground echoe from the opposite end of the alley . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 115 . pitch very well . there be other way to snuff out a light . bulb start burst as the arm of a shadow move across the remain light in the alley . terror in Jamie 's eye . what do that mean ? bunnymund if you want he , you be gonna have to go through I ! with a finger raise , the shadow arm glide along the floor , curling around the back of Bunny . pitch ( laugh , genuinely ) look how fluffy you be ! would you like a scratch behind the ear ? Bunny jump back into North 's arm . bunnymund do not you even think about it ! pitch come into view , riding atop onyx . a gleeful smile strewn across he face . pitch I can not tell you how happy it make I to see you all like this . you look awful . they be weak and defenseless . but still the guardian gather around Jamie , to shield he from whatever may come . jamie Jack , I be scared . there 's a sudden moment of realization . Jack have hear this word before . jack sister ( v.o. ) Jack , I be scared . CUT to : ext . frozen pond - flashback - day we pan up from the ice to find he sister as he see she in he memory . she be smile . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 116. jack ( v.o. ) I know , I know . but you be gonna be alright ... CUT to : ext . street of burgess - night Jack , wide eye . jack we be gonnna have a little fun , instead . ( beat ) that 's it . that 's my center . Jamie give Jack a question look . what do Jack have in mind ? pitch get closer . pitch so what do you think , Jamie ? do you believe in the boogiema ... boof ! a snowball suddenly hit pitch in the face . two nightmares look at each , unsure how to react . Jamie can not help but snicker and North let out a chuckle . Jack look around the alley . he spot a wooden crate , a trash can lid and a discard wok amidst a pile of trash . jack now let 's go get you friend . pitch wipe the snow from he face and look up to see a track of ice lead out of the alleyway . Jack , Jamie and the guardian be go . smash CUT to : ext . the street and rooftop of burgess - night a aerial view of burgess . the street be empty and the city be quiet . suddenly a streak of blue begin to materialize , make its way through the tranquil suburb . a man walk he dog across a empty street when suddenly a cold wind blow behind he . Jack and Jamie come fly past , leave a trail of ice in they wake . and on that ice - the guardian careen along in make- shift sleds . they be scared and thrilled , but they be have fun . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 117. jack yeah ! come on ! jamie whoa ! cool ! int . cupcake' bedroom - night - moment later a terrify cupcake lie in bed awake . the guardian ' reflection streak across the window when suddenly , boof ! a snowball strike the pane of glass . cupcake pull the cover down to find that it 's suddenly snowing inside ! as the snow circle around cupcake 's head , she sit up and smile . ext . pippa' house - continuous pippa sit in bed amaze as it snow in she room . she hear a knock at she window and move toward it to find Jamie float outside . she throw open she window and look down to the ground to reveal that they be two storey up . pippa Jamie , how be you do that ?! jamie Jack frost ! come on , we need you help ! Jamie take off fly down the street , and as a snowflake land on she nose she suddenly see he . pippa hey be , be that ? monty ( o.s. ) Jack frost ! pippa look up to see monty across the street with he head out the window and snow come down in he room , a gape smile across he face . ext . claude and caleb be house - night - continuous caleb and Claude sit up in bed in amazement , stare at the snowflake as they stream down from the ceiling . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 118. claude huh ?! thud ! the twin look down to find neatly wrap gift at the foot of they bed as a jolly voice bellow in the distance . NORTH ( o.s. ) merry Christmas ! the twin open they window , amaze to see they heroes sled past . bunnymund happy Easter ! tooth do not forget to floss ! caleb look to he brother , dumbfounded . suddenly cupcake skid past , laugh and scream on she own sled . claude cupcake ? and so it go through the town . claude ( walla ) yeah ! pippa ( o.s. ) Jamie you be right ! caleb the Easter Bunny 's real ! pippa ( o.s. ) and the tooth Fairy ! claude and Santa ! monty ( o.s. ) they be all real ! CUT to : guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 119 . seq . 2900 - showdown ext . street of burgess - moment later Jack , the guardian , and the child all come to glide halt on they sleds . they look up to see pitch stand atop a building with a confident smile , while the cloud stir behind he . monty , late to the party , come run joyously past Jamie and the guardian who stand in silence as they stare up at the sky . monty whoa , yeaaaaaaaah !!! ( see pitch , make U - turn ) ahhhhhhhhhhhh ! pitch you think a few child can help you ? against this ! the nightmare sand storm descend from the sky . North draw he sword , but the weight of the blade pull he down . he can barely stand . Jack move to North 's side as they look back to Jamie , notice the concern on he face . jack they be just bad dream , Jamie . bunnymund and we will protect you , mate . pitch aww , you will protect they . ( smile ) but who will protect you ? Jamie take a moment to reflect while he friend look up at the sky in fear . Jack look down , surprised , to see that Jamie have take a position in front of he . jamie I will . suddenly , Jamie 's friend move to join he . cupcake I will . caleb and claude I will . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 120. pippa and I . monty ( reluctant ) I will try . the guardian , amaze , watch as the kid squeeze past they . pitch still think there 's no such thing as the boogeyman ? pitch 's wave of nightmare sand snake its way through town cause destruction wherever it go and converge toward a single point as it head straight toward the kid . jamie I do believe in you . I be just not afraid of you . Jamie thrust out he hand toward the nightmare wave . his friend follow suite , just as the nightmare sand smashes into they . as it make contact , the black sand ... burst into stream of golden dreamsand . kide ( walla ) whoa ... whoaaaa ! everyone be amaze , hardly believe they eye . stream of dreamsand swirl around the child . and then it 's pandemonium . the nightmares buck and jump as the sand make its way past they . on pitch he watch , aghast , as he precious nightmares transform back into golden dreamsand and make its way across town . ext . street of burgess - night tooth , amaze , watch as she wing suddenly flutter with a resurgence of strength and energy . she take off and fly past the kid who cheer she on . cupcake ( walla ) yeah , tooth Fairy ! whooaaa ! North 's eye widen . he straighten he back and unsheathes he scimitar . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 121. monty ( walla ) whoa , yeah ! on pitch pitch no ! get they ! pitch give a signal and send another wave of nightmares toward the guardian . pitch ( cont 'd ) do you job ! on bunny the petite rabbit look at himself , wait to be transformed . bunnymund oh yeah , come on , come on ! when suddenly he 's pursue by a snarling nightmare . bunnymund ( cont 'd ) oh , crikey ! Bunny take off run . on NORTH North throw two snowglobe down to the ground , through which a army of yetis and elve emerge . caleb and claude no way ! on bunny Bunny try to scurry under a park car in order to evade the attack nightmare , but he be snatch by he tail before he can get away . bunnymund I be just a bunny ! suddenly , Bunny transform back to he normal size and whip out he boomerangs while be hold upside down . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 122. bunnymund ( cont 'd ) g'day , mate ! Bunny kick the nightmare , flip into the air , and throw he boomerangs which slice through two more nightmares , turn they to dust . Bunny drum he foot on the ground and a army of sentinel egg suddenly rise up out of the earth . caleb find himself riding on top of one as they join the yetis and elve in battle . caleb ( walla ) whoa ! bunnymund ( walla ) come on ! wooooohoooo ! elve riding toy duck and plane come fly in overhead like bombardier , turn nightmares into puff of black sand as they fly through they . the kid look to see a nightmare charge toward they , only to stop in it 's track once the kid turn to face it . cupcake let 's get `em ! kide aaaaaahhhhhh ! the kid , accompany by two elve in a bike and side car , charge a income nightmare . the elf behind the wheel lunge toward it , bite at its haunch . cupcake ( walla ) come on guy , we can do it ! the kid put they hand on the nightmare , turn it to dreamsand . CUT to : ext . build rooftop - night pitch look down with a smile at the chaos in the street below . suddenly , a thud ! pitch turn toward the noise to see Jack on the roof . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 123. Jack quickly send a streak of frost toward pitch 's nightmares , disable a few of they . CUT to : ext . street of burgess - night - continuous the guardian turn toward the explosion of ice and snow take place atop the surround building . CUT to : ext . build rooftop - night - continuous pitch begin to charge and respond with a attack of he own . Jack jump to a adjacent roof and let out another blast of ice . CUT to : ext . street of burgess - night - continuous bunnymund ( to NORTH ) all yours , mate . Bunny tap he foot on the ground and create a rabbit hole for North and himself to travel through . CUT to : ext . build rooftop - night - continuous Jack run into pitch as he round the corner of a chimney . pitch let 's a nightmare arrow fly , which be suddenly deflect by tooth as she fly through the area and take out a few nightmares of she own . jack thanks , tooth ! suddenly , Bunny come fly out of a nearby chimney , draw he boomerang as he land . bunnymund ( throwing boomerang ) Ho , ho , ho ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 124. the nightmares surround pitch explode into dust as the boomerang tear through they . CUT to : ext . build rooftop - night - continuous North shoot out of a bunny hole , he scimitar at the ready , only to have land on a roof some distance from the guardian . NORTH hyah ! ( look around ) wrong roof . CUT to : ext . build rooftop - night - continuous pitch try to escape the attack guardian and slip into a nearby shadow , emerge through the side of the building . North jump off the roof to greet he mid-air with he scmitar . CUT to : ext . street of burgess - night - continuous pitch be knock to the ground . as he get to he foot he form a scythe with he nightmare sand and begin crossing sword with North . in a instant pitch find himself surround by the guardian . each of they take they turn to deal pitch a few humiliate blow . ext . street of burgess - night - continuous Jamie look over caleb 's shoulder as a wisp of dreamsand leave he palm and rise into the air . caleb look at that ! jamie ( get a idea ) I get it . ( off they confuse look ) ( more ) guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 125. jamie ( cont 'd ) I know what we have to do ! guy , come on ! Jamie lead he friend as they follow the stream of dreamsand down the street toward the grow mass of golden sand . CUT to : ext . street of burgess - night - continuous the guardian advance toward pitch . jack it 's over pitch ! there 's no place to hide . pitch give they a wry smile and quickly descend into the shadow , casting multiple version of himself along the alley wall . suddenly , in they moment of distraction , pitch rise up behind Jack , he nightmare sand axe in hand . bunnymund Jack , look out ! the other guardian look on in horror as -- a golden whip wrap itself round pitch 's hand . we follow the whip to reveal Sandy , coalesc from the funnel cloud of dreamsand . he give pitch a look , wag he finger , and then uppercut he into the air . kide ( o.s. ) ( walla ) whoa ! the sandman ! Sandy look off to the side to where Jamie and he friend have gather . he form a dreamsand hat and tip the cap to Jamie . Jamie , gleeful , wave back to Sandy as he friend stand behind he in awe . kide ( walla ) man , this be so cool ! yeah , alright ! wahoo ! wow ! Sandy then look to he whip and tug on it , slamm pitch into the ground and knock he out . the guardian cheer as they welcome Sandy 's return . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 126. NORTH welcome back , old friend ! jack ( stunned ) Sandy . tooth oh , Sandy . you be alright ! bunnymund Sandy , come here ! jack yeah ! bunnymund mate , you be a sight for sore eye ! Sandy float into the air , and shoot stream of dreamsand in every direction . int . bedroom - night - continuous a wisp of dreamsand float into a child 's bedroom and touch he forehead while he sleep . suddenly , a dreamsand figure form above the child 's head , it 's the tooth Fairy . int . pitch be lair - continuous light begin to appear on the globe . baby tooth notice this , and perk up . her wing start to flutter . other fairy begin to fly . they shoot down to the tooth box and begin open they . we see one of the face on a box , and transition to the actual child who she go from sad to happy as she fondest memory flood back . we zoom out of she face to see thousand of flutter fairy and ... CUT to : ext . street of burgess - night Sophie peer out of she bedroom window , watch as stream of dreamsand dance along the burgess skyline . sophie pretty ! CUT to : guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 127. ext . street of burgess - night more and more window begin to shine bright with gold as swirl of dreamsand fill the night sky . we pull back to reveal the globe in North 's sleigh , now decorate with spot of yellow light . CUT to : ext . street of burgess - night - continuous a nightmare come barrel towards cupcake . it screech to a halt , inch from the girl 's face . she gently tap the creature on the nose and turn into a dreamsand unicorn . cupcake whoa ... a gigantic dreamsand dinosaur foot come down revealing a dreamsand brontosaurus . as dreamsand creature fill the street , the guardian and child rejoice . monty ( walla ) yeah ! Jamie stand in awe of a school of beautiful dreamsand fish as they float by . suddenly , he 's hit in the head with a snowball . he turn to look and see Jack , smile . Jamie pick up a snowball and throw it at he friend . almost instantaneously , a snowball fight ensure . claude ( walla ) oh yeah ? bring it on ! Sandy salute Jack and North , who be stand off to the side while the snowball fight escalate . NORTH you center ? jack it take awhile , but I figure it out . North toss Jack a small item . Jack catch it and look to he open palm , it 's a Russian nest doll in the image of Jack , similar to that find in North 's workshop . Jack smile and North give he a wink in return . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 128. boof ! North be suddenly hit by a snowball and turn . he see Claude , caleb , and a elf ; they immediately point finger at each other . caleb and claude ooohhh . a beat , until North burst out in laughter . NORTH ( laughing ) you be all on naughty list . ( to bunny ) Bunny , think fast ! he throw a snowball , which hit Bunny smack in the face . pitch groan in pain , and rise up to see the town crawl with dreamsand creature , snowballs fly and yetis play . pitch ( to himself ) no . he whip around to see the kid - have the time of they life - and no fear in they eye . he rise up , he entire body shaking with rage , and scream at they . pitch ( cont 'd ) you dare have fun in my presence ! I be the boogeyman ! and you will fear I ! he lunge at Jamie who come run toward he , pitch 's hand outstretch as if he 's go to grab he by the throat . but Jamie run right through he , laugh , joyous . pitch ( cont 'd ) noooo ! pitch gasp , realize that he no longer have any power over the child . the devastation play across he face . pitch ( cont 'd ) ( under he breathe ) no . he see the guardian approach , stand side by side with one another . pitch turn and flee into the forest . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 129 . ext . pond - night pitch run through the shadow in terror . he come crash through the tree of the forest , and out onto the ice of the pond . he look over he shoulder to see if the guardian be on he tail , when boom ! he run smack into North 's chest . pitch slip on the ice , and fall backwards . he look up to see North smile down at he . NORTH leave the party so soon ? tooth you do not even say goodbye . tooth toss something to pitch which he catch . he look down . it 's a quarter . pitch a quarter ? blam . a fist punch he right in the jaw , and a single tooth go skitter across the ice . tooth shake out she hand . tooth and that 's for my fairy . pitch ( scowls ) you can not get rid of I ! not forever ! there will always be fear ! NORTH so what ? as long as one child believe , we will be here to fight fear ! pitch really ? then what be they do here ? hundred of nightmares emerge from the wood , surround the pond . it 's terrifying , but the guardian seem unphase . NORTH they can not be my nightmares , I be not afraid . jack look like it 's you fear they smell . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 130 . suddenly , pitch 's eye get huge with terror as the nightmares move in on he . he begin to back away , but the nightmares pick up speed as they charge toward he . pitch ahhh , no .... aaaaahhhhhh !! he try to run , but it 's impossible to get he foot on the ice . he falter , and be sweep up in the stampede of nightmares . the streak of black whip and latch themselves onto pitch as the black cloud carry he through the forest . pitch ( cont 'd ) no , no , nooooooo ! pitch struggle to escape , but the mass of black sand pull he deep into the forest , under the frame of the break bed , and back down into the dark depth of the underground . he look up at the moon as he disappear and the hole in the earth seal itself up . CUT to : seq . 3200 - the oath ext . pond - the moon pale and faint in the day , but oddly close and welcoming . it can not be , but -- be that the barest hint of a face on the Moon ? Jack smile as he look up at it . he hear tooth 's laugh and turn to find North , tooth , Bunny and Sandy , they face shine with pride . tooth come fly in to give Jack a hug . she lift he off the ground as they embrace . they share a moment and she soon recoil with giddy embarrassment as baby tooth interject . Jack acknowledge baby tooth and gently pat she on the side of she face as North step forward . NORTH be you ready now , Jack ? ( beat ) to make it official . Jack look over , a stern elf be hit a horn against he palm . a yeti hand North the book we see when Jack and the guardian first meet . Sandy and Bunny share a boastful look . NORTH ( cont 'd ) then be time you take oath . guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 131. North open the book , flip through several page , and take a moment before he speak . NORTH ( cont 'd ) ( to jack ) " will you , Jack frost ... vow to watch over the child of the world ? Jamie and he friend along with a crowd of yetis , elve , and egg all make they way across the pond to the rest of the group . as they approach we see settle on Jamie , who stand at the center of the group . NORTH ( cont 'd ) to guard they with you life - they hope , they wish , and they dream ? for they be all that we have , all that we be and all that we will ever be . " Jack take a second to look back at Jamie , then back to North . jack I will . NORTH then congratulation , Jack frost - for you be now and forevermore ... a Guardian . Jamie and the kid erupt in a cheer , as do the yetis and egg . kide ( walla ) oh man ! woo ! yeah , Jack ! yeah , Jack ! yeah ! wooo ! NORTH ( walla ) yippa ! bunnymund ( walla ) yeah ! wooo ! good job , mate . good job ! kide ( walla ) alright ! yeah ! go , Jack ! alright ! woo. alright ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 132. NORTH klasno ! North pick up Jack , give he a hug , and kiss he on both cheek . Jack wince , then look up to North with a smile . bunnymund ( walla ) that 's my boy ! woo ! kide ( walla ) alright Jack . yeah ! awesome ! imitating North , a elf pick up the elf stand next to he and give he a big kiss . after a awkward pause , the affectionate elf be punch in the face . Jack look to see several fairy hover nearby , form the shape of a heart . one of the swoon fairy faint and fall to the ground . tooth keep it together , girl . kide ( walla ) Jack ! you do it Jack ! wooo ! you be in the guardian ! yeah , Jack ! yay ! yeah ! you earn it ! you be Jack frost ! yay ! awesome , yay ! caleb ( walla ) you guy , look ! monty ( walla ) that 's Santa 's sleigh . the group look up to the sky as North 's sleigh come in for a landing . the tie -dy elf rescue a lone egg from the skis of the sleigh as it glide across the icy pond . kide ( walla ) wow , it 's real . that be wick ! whoa , that be awesome ! ohh ... can you believe this ? whoa , do you guy see that ? that 's awesome ! wow ! whoa ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 133. bunnymund ( to North , wryly ) everyone love the sleigh . kide ( walla ) wow ! look at that ! so totally insane ! North turn away from Bunny and put he hand on Jack 's shoulder . NORTH time to go . as the kid look on in wonder , Sandy throw up he hand create a shower of dreamsand , which drift down on the child . kide ( walla ) whoa ! it 's beautiful . wow , that be awesome ! meanwhile , Bunny hand a egg to Sophie who giggle and pat the brim of he nose . bunnymund happy Easter ya little anklebiter . I be gonna miss yah . sophie bye , bye , bunny . Jamie realize what 's about to happen . jamie you be leave ? but , what if pitch come back ? Jack look back at Jamie , who seem wistful and worried . jamie ( cont 'd ) what if we stop believe again ? if I can not see you -- Jack kneel down to look Jamie in the eye . jack hey , hey , slow down , slow down . you tell I you stop believe in the moon when the sun come up ? guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 134. jamie ( consider , then ) no . jack okay , well do you stop believe in the sun when cloud block it out ? jamie ( smile ) no . jack we will always be there , Jamie . and now ... we will always be here . ( point to Jamie 's heart ) which kind of make you a Guardian too . Jamie smile . Jack stand up and head toward the sleigh . Jamie 's friend stand off to the side rub they eye as they become drowsy . kide ( walla ) I can not keep my eye open . I think I gotta go home . let 's go home . what time be it ? I be sleepy . jamie Jack ! Jamie run over and wrap he arm around Jack . for a moment , Jack 's astonished and then give Jamie a warm embrace . Jack stand up and get in the sleigh with the rest of the guardian . NORTH hyah ! Jack and the guardian look toward the kid as the sleigh take off . Jamie run behind the sleigh , follow Jack . in spite of it all , he do not want to let go . the sleigh take off into the sky . Jamie stop unable to follow . kide ( walla ) woooo ! yeah ! yay ! guardian screen script 9/6/12 avid 135 . in sleigh jack ( v.o. ) my name be Jack frost . and I be a Guardian . how do I know that ? because the moon tell I so . and when the moon tell you something , believe it . Jack move to the back of the sleigh as the guardian pat he on the back . Jack smile ... and form a snowflake in he hand . for Jamie , for all of we in the theatre . it glide off he fingertip and fly toward camera as we ... fade to white