rko 281 written by John Logan May 1,1997 rko 281 by John Logan int large , dark room night in the ebony shadow of a large room we can make out corner and edge , molding and cornice ; the phantom of decaye victorian wealth float like disembody ghost in the darkness . it be May 6 , 1924 the harsh flare of a match be strike a shadowy male figure light a series of nine candle on a birthday cake . Beyond the cake we can see a bed . on the bed lie a woman in she early forty . she be ashen and sickly . dying . the shadowy male figure finish lighting the candle , blow out the match and disappear as the woman peer into the darkness . woman come into the light .. come into the light a nine - year- old boy step into the light . she pull he close and whisper : woman never stand in the shadow -- boy mother ... woman you be make for the light , Orson now you must blow out you candle . but you must always remember , the cake itself be nothing . the flame , the light , that be where you future lie . you must have a dream . a great dream worthy of you . the boy immediately spin to the cake and blow out the candle . a moment of darkness . he turn back to the bed . the woman and the bed be go , fade into darkness . the solemn young lad stare and stare into the darkness and then , magically , the faint glimmer of twinkle star fill he huge dark eye . newsreel the flicker image of a old newsreel , circa 1940 under the mgm logo we see the title : boy wonder wows hollywood ! the first image after the title be the impose figure of orson welle , climb down from a airplane and surveying the world at he foot . Welles be 24 year old and somewhat handsome . Welles seem rather uncomfortable in he own body , as if it could not possibly contain he vast passion and appetite . Orson Welles be man who tear he way through life with incendiary energy . he be at once inspiring and ferocious ; visionary and coldly ambitious . he be part artist , part fraud and all showman . a sonorous voice accompany the newsreel . the voice be always grand , occasionally sardonic . newsreel voice he come to the town of magic and dream a flash star blaze through the firmament of illusion . and he promise to devour the world in a single gulp . he be 24 year old and he name be George Orson Welles . sound the trumpet ! unfurl the banner , Hollywood ! the Boy wonder have arrive ! image of Welles as a baby and he early life fill the screen : Welles in a crib ; as a pampere schoolboy ; at dance class ; drama club ; dress up for a magic show . as we hear : newsreel voice he make he debut on the world stage in kenosha , Wisconsin , on the 6th of May , 1915 . and on the 7th of May he speak he first word , and unlike other child who say commonplace thing like " momma " and " poppa " , he proclaim " I be a genius ! " at three the genius be recite Shakespeare and at eight he have take up cigar and highball and be learn magic from the knee of the great houdini . image of Welles ' early theatrical career : the young man play impossibly old part ; vaudeville magic show ; various regional theater ; endless tawdry rehearsal room then image of Welles and JOHN houseman in New York : the great , bustling city ; Welles at work with John houseman on a script ; Welles direct a play . as we hear : newsreel voice so how could the magic of the stage not call to this adventurous lad ? unstoppable and resolute , the Boy wonder journey into the world of the legit theater . after a peripatetic beginning he find himself at last in New York where he join force with theatrical producer John houseman under the august auspices of the wpa Federal theater . a rehearsal room interview with John houseman , who be in he 30' , thin - lipped and prim : houseman Orson barrel in and take over . Orson 's a real barreler . image of Welles direct he famous " fascist julius caesar " and " voodoo macbeth " production : audition ; rehearsals ; perfect a sword - fight ; rejecting classical costume sketches for julius caesar ; supervise set construction ; perform brutus in the Albert speer - like Nuremberg rally lighting of julius caesar . as we hear : newsreel voice like hannibal over the alp , the Boy genius invade the great White Way . he stunne the sedate elite of New York theatre with production after production . from macbeth with a entirely color cast to a mussolini- inspire julius caesar ! more image of New York , Welles , houseman and radio : Welles direct a radio play with sweeping energy ; supervise the elaborate sound effect ; editing the script ; at odd with houseman . as we hear : newsreel voice though he wow the critic with he spectacular the ticket sale leave something to be desire . so , after founding the mercury player with houseman , young Mr. Welles quickly set he sight on the airwave . he quickly become the sonorous -' voice of " the shadow . " ' ' newsreel footage of Welles at a stand radio microphone ; welle who know what evil lurk in the heart of man ? the shadow know . . . Welles laugh he sinister shadow laugh and we go to more image of radio and the dynamic Welles perform and direct as we hear : newsreel voice with lament Cranston in one pocket and he own radio show . the mercury theater of the Air , we Boy wonder fill the night with he resounding tone . and on October 30th of 1938 , he become what he feel destine to be : a household name . what start out as a roguish Halloween prank become the most famous radio show in the history of the galaxy ! image of the war of the world broadcast and panic : listener huddle next to they radio ; telephone switchboard lighting up ; New Jersey State motorcycle trooper zoom down rural road ; car clogging the highway . as we hear : newsreel voice the war of the world send this nation spin into a frenzy . nine million listener clasped they love one close and look to the sky with horror . unlucky listener near the epicenter of the " invasion " -- rural New Jersey -- run scream into the night , sure a monstrous alien and a fiery death await they around every corner ! the mischievous Boy wonder have fool we all ! newsreel footage of a pack press conference with Welles the day follow the broadcast : welle ( contritely ) of course ... of course ... if I have know the panic the broadcast be cause -- well I would have stop ! I never mean for any of this to happen and I feel just horrible ! Quick newsreel clip of Welles leave the press conference with houseman . we see they slip into a taxi . Inside the taxi we can just glimpse Welles explode with laughter . newsreel voice how long , oh how long could it possibly be before the sunny land of dream try to harness the combustible power of this showman , this impresario , this best of all possible Boy wonder ?! image of Welles pose and shaking hand with GEORGE schaefer schaefer be a intense , compact man in he early 50' . his nickname in Hollywood be " the Tiger " -- both for he admire tenacity and he fear temper . he be a moral and ethical man ; John Adams in a brook Brothers suit . as we hear newsreel voice the winner in the Welles derby be George schaefer , the head of rko picture . with a contract unimaginable before the day of Orson , Mr. schaefer capture the whirlwind snare the beast , roped the tyrant ! image of Welles and schaefer : Welles signing he contract ; smile to schaefer ; schaefer make a speech ; Welles joke with reporter . as we hear : newsreel voice eyebrow raise and jaw drop all over hollywoodland when the term of the deal that lure the great Orson come forth : the Boy wonder could produce , write , direct and star in he own project with budget up to $ 500,000 a picture ! he would have total control over the shoot of the picture and the finish product . the studio , well , they just pay the bill . meanwhile , the insider of filmland be skeptical . a interview with a Hollywood insider , who look like a bookie : hollywood insider John Ford do not have a deal like that . cecil B. demille do not have a deal like that . no one have a deal like that ! if ya ask I , George schaefer be just plain nut image of Welles arrive in Hollywood and touring the town : Welles climb down from a plane ; pose with schaefer before of the rko gate ; touring the studio ; lean over a editing machine ; laugh with female extras in the commissary ; pose in front of he brentwood home . as we hear : newsreel voice so cometh Orson ! he tour the rko studio and meet with the biggest of the big ! he charme he way through the town from the Brown derby to the copacabana , from the Pacific palisade to the Hollywood Hills ! more image of Welles in Hollywood : Welles touring the town ; visit all the nightclub and dance with beautiful woman ; he be see everywhere about the town . as we hear : newsreel voice yes , the Boy wonder have arrive ! he even charme that rival maiden of Hollywood gossip , that well - coiffure chronicler of the dream factory : hedda Hopper and louella parson . Shots of Welles with louella parson and hedda hopper louella be a much - fear gossip columnist . she be a gorgon in she 60' ; Margaret dumont possess by the devil and tank up on gin . her capricious cruelty be only match by she fervent loyalty to all thing hearstian . hedda be a gossip columnist in she 50' . she be give to elaborate hat and villainous intrigue . louella 's young , smarter rival , hedda probably spend she spare time eat child . then a snippet of a interview with louella : louella Orson be the sweetest boy . we be both from the midwest , you know . he 's just a local fella make good , ya follow ? more shot of Welles just after he arrival in Hollywood , blissfully touring the rko facility as : newsreel voice so today , almost a year after he arrival in Hollywood , we leave the Boy wonder still hard at work develop he much - anticipate first feature , prepare to dazzle we all again . we be wait , Orson ! Welles after he rko tour , smile mischievously , stand before a microphone : welle I will tell you what , this be the best electric train set a boy ever have ! " the end " and newsreel credit the newsreel sputter to a stop in a screen room . a shaft of light shine on a large mgm logo on one wall . another shaft of light illuminate the sit figure of louis B. mayer . mayer be a short , crafty , bespectacle man in he 50' . his cloying , avuncular exterior only fleetingly disguise the film titan 's outrageous barbarism . another shadowy figure , a mayer flunkie , can be just glimpse sit elsewhere in the screen room . mayer glower at the darken screen for a moment . a beat . mayer who do that cocksucker think he be ? flunkie they be lay bet over on the rko lot that this great deal will end up with he never do a picture . back to New York he go . mayer serve he right . I mean can you stomach the arrogance ? flunkie Inside skinny say the glory boy 's finish , can not come up with a movie . want to do a biography now . mayer after rko boot he maybe we will pick he up cheap . have he do that war of the world crap as a feature . meantime , shelve the newsreel . no one care int san simeon . welle ' suite evening Orson Welles , elegant and impressive , be flourishing a cigarette and a coin in he magnificently expressive hand he be perfect a magic trick . Welles be loung on the bed of a enormous guest suite at San simeon . he be wear a tuxedo . in the bathroom beyond he we can see the writer herman mankiewicz ( " mank " . ) mank be a wonderful wreck of a human be . 43 year old , but look considerably older , he be short and squat and bitter . a compulsive gambler and drinker , mank still glimmer with wry humor that be equally wick and corrosive . he be incomplete without the stub of a cigar clench in he tooth . mank , also dress in a tuxedo , be look at himself in the bathroom mirror as he struggle with he bow tie . he occasionally glance in the mirror to Welles . title : JANUARY 3 , 1940 mank I do not know what you expect with Joseph - fuck - conrad for chrissake . I mean this be Hollywood , pal . welle all right ! enough ! I have hear this from schaefer and rko . I have hear it from everyone -- mank but you keep come up with the same elitist crap - - heart of darkness with a million dollar budget ?! - - no one want to see that . welle nonsense Welles dramatically tap the cigarette on the coin , practice he trick as : mank what be movie about , Orson ? welle forget it - mank what be movie about ? welle telling storey . mank nope . welle show life mank who the hell want to see life ?! people be sick to death of life ! they want make - believe , pal . fantasy . they want tarzan and Jane , not Tristan and isolde . Welles quickly make the cigarette seem to completely pass through the coin . a astounding bit of slight of hand . welle ( happily ) Magic mank butt on seat . that 's what movie be about . you get one job in Hollywood -- everyone have the same job , in fact -- put the butt on the seat . you gotta sell them popcorn and pepsi - cola . it 's all about popcorn and pepsi-cola . welle not for I . mank then you better get ready to be the youngest never - be in Hollywood history . welle that 's better than be the oldest have -been in Hollywood history . mank you be a laugh -riot , kid . Welles laugh and go to mank in the bathroom . welle here , turn around . Welles tie mank 's bow tie for he as : welle so , we have get to come up with we movie . we biography . mank right - welle we find the man and then we dissect he - mank like a bug . welle but with compassion and insight -- mank ( glance at he watch ) Christ , we gotta go ! the old man do not cotton to lateness . mank take a quick swig from a flask of vodka , shove it into he coat and scurries into the other room as Welles check himself in the mirror . a beat . Welles smile , confident and resplendent welle ( into the mirror ) how do you do , Mr. hearst ? my name be Orson Welles . int san simeon . hallway following Welles and mank walk through a impressive upstairs hallway of San simeon . Quick glimpsis of the astounding grandeur everywhere around they as : welle how about Howard Hughes ? we could do Hughes mank I be not fuck with Hughes . that shit - kicker would kill we dead , baby . just like Jean harlow welle Howard Hughes kill Jean harlow ? mank sure . dropped she out of he lockheed over Utah they disappear down a long stairway int san simeon . dine hall evening a explosion of color and a immediate swirl of sound we be in the Grand refectory -- the mammoth dining room -- at San simeon . five long table be place end to end . there be about fifty sumptuously dress guest . william randolph hearst and marion davie preside , side by side , at the center table . hearst be 76 year old . he be a fully commanding figure , tower in both height ( six foot two ) and personality . he be shape rather like a pear and move with a delicacy surprising for such a famously merciless man . although the word ruthless do not begin to do justice to the press baron 's animus , hearst be endlessly polite and almost painfully soft-spoken . marion be 43 year old , a shimmer and lively presence . in a word that might have be coin for she , she have moxie . while the ravage of alcoholism have leave they subtle mark on the edge and attitude of she face , she can still charm and captivate with almost effortless grace . around hearst 's foot sit a collection of he beloved dachshund . on the other side of the main table , and down a bit , sit Welles and mank . we sweep around the table , hearing bit of overlap dialogue and finally settle on marion and hearst . marion be charming carole lombard and clark gable , who sit beside she . she tenderly rest one hand on hearst 's arm as she speak . marion speak with a occasionally pronounce stutter . marion and we would hear they scuttling around at night with they little red eye and little yellow t-t - tooth and I be just imagine plague lice jumpin ' all over the damn place so we set t-t-traps everywhere . and every morning we would find the t-t-traps sprung but no mouse ! carole lombard houdini mouse . laughter marion just wait . so one night I notice pop get outta bed and sneaking away . and he 's get this little p-p - paper bag with he , right ? Middle of the night . so I figure the old man 's really up to no good this time and I follow he . well I will be g-g-goddamned if he 's not spring all the trap and leave cheese for the rat ! marion you and that freak Disney , in love with the damn rat ! laughter , even from hearst hearst they really be sweet little thing meanwhile , across the table Welles be rapaciously devour he dinner as : welle sigmund Freud ? mank kid , you just get you ass kick on Joseph conrad and now you be gonna go to schaefer and tell he you wanna do the id and the superego ? stop be so goddamn smart . mank surreptitiously pour a huge shot of vodka from he flask into he glass as : welle ( suddenly inspire ) manolete ?! mank who the hell 's manolete ? welle the great Spanish bullfighter mank I do not wanna write about no spic . welle no , it 's perfect ! when in doubt , put on a cape ! false nose and faux beard and flow cape have be the life- blood of the actor 's craft since the day of lrving and Booth . ( he flourish he napkin like a bullfighter 's cape . ) imagine I in a glitter suit of light on the dusky andalusian plain -- marion why Mr. Welles be attempt semaphore Welles smile across the table . laughter . welle bullfight , miss Davies ! marion and be dear mank you b-b-bull ? welle my factotum , ally and comrade - in- arm mank writer , flunkie , pimp -- carole lombard ( wry ) you fight many bull there in New York , Orson ? welle ever meet walter winchell ? welle ( expansively , warming into a story ) no , when I be but a tender lad -- carole lombard last week would this be ? laughter . as Welles speak the whole table gradually stop eat and listen to he tale : welle my father and I make a tour of the grand boulevard of antique Europe . and when we be in iberia I have the chance to face the bull . at the knee of the great manolete I take up the cape and sword - ( he use he napkin and knife to demonstrate ) -- across from I stand a mammoth bull repute to have gore a full seven man to a grisly demise ! so - - with manolete shouting encouragement I flourish . . . I flourish again . . . and the bull charge ! across the golden dust it come , thunder like the great minotaur of legend , closer , ever closer , its calamitous hoof pound into the dirt , shaking the earth as I hold the crimson eye of the bull with my own , defy it -- it be almost upon I and I flourish one last time ! -- the monster sweep past ! - ( he spin he napkin in the air and he knife be now go , a magic trick ) -- and my sword be go -- bury in the bloody eye of the beast ! applause and laughter from around the table . then : hearst ( quietly ) you be evidently a man who know a great deal about bull . some nervous titter . a beat as Welles ' smile fade and he stare at hearst . hearst of all man 's malignity -- of all he sadism -- none be more deprave than cruelty to animal . silence mank give Welles a desperate warning look to keep quiet Welles can not resist speak : welle in Spain the cruelty would be in deny the beast a fight end . a beat as hearst rivet Welles with a cold , bland stare deafen silence around the table . then : hearst who be you , sir ? welle my name be Orson Welles hearst the actor welle and director . hearst I see . and you be in California for what reason ? welle to make picture . hearst and what picture have you make ? a beat . welle none . a beat . hearst smile hearst well , I wish you luck . it be a treacherous business . welle so I have be tell . hearst in Hollywood the fiercest bull be the most brutally kill . welle I will remember that . a tense beat . marion quickly diffuse the situation ; marion enough Hollywood talk ! can not anyone talk about anything else ? manx Heard some juicy gossip from Metro . marion ( eagerly ) ooh , dish . laughter . even from hearst . then the dinner chatter continue . Welles can not keep he eye off hearst , the press baron draw Welles in like a siren . marion give hearst a little kiss and grab carole lombard and they leave the table . hearst lean into Clark gable to continue talk . Welles sit back and reach for a cigar . mank take he arm and indicate he should stop , nodd he head in hearst 's direction . welle ( quietly ) the man do not allow drink or cigar ? this be monstrous . mank the old man have he own way of do thing welle he 's nothing but a hypocrite . he preach morality every day in he sordid little papers for everyone else in the world but he life openly with he mistress . mank sneak another shot from he flask mank buddy , when you own the large publishing empire in the universe you can do whatever the hell you want . think about it , pal . every day one out of five Americans pick up a hearst publication . 30 newspaper , a dozen magazine , a bunch of radio station and the grand dragon of they all . Little miss louella parson . tends to give you some of that ol ' noblesse oblige . Welles study hearst across the table . welle look at that hand . that be the hand of a artist . a modern caravaggio . mank no , baby , that be the hand of a killer hearst lean down and feed he favorite pet dachshund , helen , table scrap . he talk to she gently . hearst there you be , honey . be not you a wonderful girl ? int san simeon . lady lounge following marion and carole lombard escape into a ornate lady bathroom . marion immediately go to a cabinet and retrieve a bottle of scotch hide under some towel . she take a swig and then hand the bottle to carole lombard . she drink . marion light a cigarette . marion God , this party be the worst carole lombard you need to get outta here , rapunzel marion that 's why he have the party , he say it 's like bring the world to I . carole lombard why do not you come down to LA ? stay with we for a while . marion with about twenty of he spy on my tail . no thanks . marion hand the cigarette to carole lombard a beat . a beat . marion ( somewhat ruefully ) it 's not so bad here . after all , what girl do not want to live in a castle ? marion Mr. Welles certainly be a caution carole lombard ( smile ) yeah , Orson 's a real piece of work . but deep down , he 's a good kid . Real deep down . marion and attractive in a hammy sort of way . carole lombard mm. a beat . carole lombard hand the cigarette back to marion carole lombard listen , you come down and stay with we for a few day . just tell the old man that -- marion I can not carole lombard sure you can , just -- marion he need I here . a beat . carole lombard do not respond . int san simeon . ballroom following in the cavernous ballroom , a dance band be play " I will be seeing you . " the guest mingle and dance Welles and mank wander as Welles take in the impressive surroundings . welle " in xanadu do kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree . . . " how big be it , all tell ? the estate ? mank the whole joint be half the size of rhode Island . welle Jesus mank yeah , it 's the place God would have build , if he would have the money . carole lombard and marion return , rather giggly marion mankie , mankie d-d - dance with I mank you have be naughty , have not you , honey ? marion shit , can you smell it ? you get any sen-sen ? mank sorry . marion Mr. Welles , you get any --? oh fuck it . she go off in search of hearst . carole lombard meanwhile , Orson , I think you bullfight story be nifty . let 's cut a rug . she pull Welles to the dance floor mank wander away and take another swig from he flask . as Welles and carole lombard dance , Welles keep a eye on hearst and marion who be dance nearby . carole lombard so you ever gonna do a picture ? welle not you too carole lombard ( smile ) it 's gonna be fine , Orson . you be gonna do great . welle I wonder sometimes . carole lombard you be just scared . welle be I ? carol lombard sure welle and what be I scared of ? carole lombard of be find out . of not be a genius welle ( smile ) oh , but have not you hear ? I be the Boy wonder . I have be a genius since the moment I be bear . carole lombard we have know each other too long , Orson . sling the bullshit elsewhere . welle carole , you wound I ! as if I could hope to pacify you with evasion of -- carole lombard do not insult I with you cute press quote save it for louella . she stop and look at he firmly carole lombard you make you mark , Orson . nearby marion pull away from hearst sharply , draw Welles ' attention . he overhear : marion goddamn it . I gotta have some kinda life ! hearst there 's no call for that language - marion there certainly be I there certainly be ! aw , to hell with you ! she storm off . Welles and carole lombard watch she go welle that poor woman . carole lombard ( sadly ) she know what she be signing on for after all , she take the money . Welles watch as hearst stand alone on the dance floor we hear the sound of a lion roaring in the distance int san simeon . welle ' suite night Welles , again dress in a tuxedo , lie on he bed through the open balcony door he can hear the eerie sound of lion roaring and elephant trumpete in the night . he stand and wander to the balcony . below he he can see bit and piece of hearst 's private zoo in the moonlight : a lion pace relentlessly back and forth ; a alligator slip into the water ; a monkey slamm into the bar of its cage . the disquieting sound of the menagerie float through the midnight air . Welles leave he suite int san simeon . hallway following Welles roam the seemingly endless hallway of San simeon . in the half - light they begin to resemble he own cinematic dream - palace , xanadu . he hear the ghostly echo of a song , " where or when " . he curiously follow the sound , take in the fabulous castle everywhere around he . he pass by the door to the Assembly room . Inside , shaft of light illuminate portion of huge , uncompleted jigsaw puzzle . int san simeon . ballroom following " where or when " be now clear . Welles stand in the shadow of a balcony overlook the great ballroom . below he a phonograph record spin lazily on a turntable stand of the floor of the desert ballroom . and hearst and marion be enjoy a quiet dance together , she head nestle on he shoulder . Welles stare and stare at they and slowly smile . we linger on hearst and marion as they dance ext welle ' house . pool day Welles , wrap in a bathrobe , be pace quickly around the perimeter of he backyard pool . he be puffing on a cigar and grunt to himself as he scribbles down note . mank , wear sunglass and a batter fedora and look decidedly hang -over , come from the house to the pool . Welles roar up to he : welle mank ! you scoundrel ! what take you so long ?! mank ( pain ) Orson , please ... it 's too bright Welles take mank 's fedora and fling it away . welle here you be , up with the bird for once , you vampire ! mank ( settling into a deck chair ) okay , boy wonder , what ? welle listen ... I have get it ! it come to I like a thief in the night ! pure inspiration ! total magnificence ! mank take a glass from a tray of orange juice and pour vodka from a flask into he juice as : mank oh for Christ 's sake - welle I know who we be go to get I the great american biography ! a journey into the soul of the beast . mank this better be good welle image a man that have shape he time . a titanic figure of limitless influence . think about empire . a man with a empire at he foot . a man , like a baron , live in a palace , a glorious palace on a hill , and control the permutation of everyone beneath he . feudal . mank ( realize ) oh Christ ... welle image the possibility as this man control the public perception of the nation through he -- mank oh Christ a beat as Welles stand in triumph before mank . welle yes . mank ( quietly ) please do not say this . welle mank - mank do not whisper it . do not even think it welle how long have we spend casting we mind about the world when the answer to we prayer be right here under we nose -- every single day in the newspaper and on the radio -- wait for we in that ridiculous castle ! wait for --! mank Orson . stop. just stop Welles quickly sit in a deck chair next to mank as : beat welle now remember he 's a public figure who seek out that publicity so legally he can not stop we from - - mank ( laugh coldly ) listen to you . you child ! Men like he do not bother with thing like legality . they do not have to . you know why , boy -o ? power . power like you could not even begin to imagine . mank Howard Hughes , he would just kill we . hearst he would kill we and fuck everything we ever love . welle we be do hearst . a beat . mank slowly remove he sunglass and lean forward , dead serious . a beat . mank you may think you know what you be talk about , kid , but believe I , you do not . you be talk about go into a battle you can never win on a battlefield so far above thing like movie and Hollywood that hearst will not even have to glance down when he crush you . when he flick you away with one finger . I be talk about money and influence and evil beyond you capacity to imagine Hell . welle so speak the court jester . mank fuck you welle I expect more from you . mank sorry to disappoint . welle ( with building venom ) how do it feel , mank ? go up to the palace and make all the lord and lady laugh as you tell you little storey and beg for crumb at the table ? how do it feel be the ugly little monkey they keep to amuse themselves --?! mank leap to he foot mank it feel just fine , you pompous fuck - Welles block mank 's way . mank retreat . Welles pursue he around the pool as : welle I remember a man who write I he be a brilliant writer who dazzle I time and time again with he wit and insight -- mank do not do this welle where do he go ? he have not have a screen credit in four year -- mank do not do this welle ( savagely ) -- because he have be so furiously busy waste himself . amuse he keeper . because he be a sycophant ! because he have be throw out of every studio in Hollywood and no one will hire he because he 's a drunk - -! mank spin on he : mank and you're nothing but a goddamn phony ! what be all this " Orson Welles " bullshit ?! this boy genius crap ?! what the fuck do you ever create ? you be just another goddamn actor ! Welles shove mank violently . mank go sailing into the pool . mank splashes to the surface and stand for a shocked moment and then wade to the edge of the pool . miraculously , and like the true drinker he be , mank be still hold he glass of juice and vodka , now supplement with pool water . Welles stand above he , block he exit from the pool . from this low angle Welles suddenly look startlingly kane - like . a pause mank let I out . welle listen to I - mank fuck you -- welle I be give you the last chance you will ever have to be yourself again ! mank ( suddenly ) I do not have it anymore ?! mank when I be a kid I want to scorch the world too - - I have all kinda dream about make great picture and tell great storey . but all that 's finish for I -- welle it do not have to be mank and yeah , sure , hearst 's a great subject . be keep note on he for year for my ... ( he laugh bitterly ) great american novel . but I can not do it anymore . no studio 's gonna hire I and I - - welle I will hire you -- right now - mank I can not do it . okay ?! I drink too much -- I drink all the fuck time and I do not have it anymore . all that be over for I -- welle ( roar ) not unless i. tell you it be a tense pause Welles kneel by the edge of the pool , effortlessly switch gear . welle ( deeply ) look , mank , this be we only chance I know this be the story . and now be the time . and I can not do it without you . everything in my life -- all the promise and potential and dream -- have lead to this moment right now . to you and I . right here . a pause . Welles gaze at mank , implore mank he will destroy we . welle then let he . what have we get to lose , you and I ? a long beat Welles lean close to he . welle take my hand , mank . and we will dance one last time . we will dance to the music of the angel . we will make history . we will scorch the earth . we will ... astonish they all . silence as Welles offer he hand to mank . mank take a sip from he glass of juice , vodka and pool water . mank thank God you do not write dialogue int welle ' live room day mank be slowly sharpen a series of pencil with a pocket knife , blank pad wait . Welles be stand across the room from he . welle so , who be he ? we have to know he . mank everyone see someone different . that 's what we show . welle how ? mank like a jewel . turn it in the light and a different facet be illuminate . mank finish sharpen he last pencil and pick up a pad he smile to Welles mank go and we leap into montage -- welle and mank brainstorm a rush of jazzy . gene krupa percussion as Welles and mank develop they story . we see image of feverish creativity . Welles raging , plead , argue , push . mank respond , laugh , drink , write . it be a passionate dance of creation Welles ' tennis court mank and Welles be on the tennis court , but hard at work . mank wait for Welles to serve . Welles bounce the tennis ball , but be too preoccupy to serve as : welle the key -- the key -- the clue -- what do this man recall on he death bed ? okay , mank , you be die . what 's the last image that come to you ? right now . mank this girl on a dock . White dress . never say a word to she . welle why she ? mank she be . . . innocent a beat , Welles deep in think . mank watch Welles closely . mank so when be we man innocent ? be there a moment early on -- of innocence and bliss ? there must have be . okay , you be die - what do you think ? Welles do not answer . he continue to bounce the tennis ball , deep in think . a beat mank ( probing ) something you lose maybe ? mank something you can never get back ? mank watch as Welles let the tennis ball drop . it bounce and roll -- for a fleeting moment in Welles ' mind it seem to become the roll snow globe from kane -- we hear the sound of sleigh bell and a child 's happy voice -- in the snow globe we seem to see a boy laugh and pelting he father with snowballs . . . then more image , mad and outlandish and sedate and solemn ; in the kitchen , in a car , around the pool , in a bar . Welles and mank act out scene and argue . they leap from character to character fearlessly . emoting and laugh and write . we see the twin joy and terror of walk the tightrope , of sheer creation . we see they have a ferocious argument . they scream back and forth angrily and then mank storm out and slam the door . Welles stand alone in he live room , he catch a glimpse of he own reflection in a mirror and we hear : mank' voice Men like hearst do not love .. Welles ' live room : Welles be slowly advance on mank . mank sit , watch Welles approach . the live room be now filthy . paper and sketches and gin bottle be discard everywhere around they , a thick cloud of cigar smoke . it be very late at night and the room be in semi-darkness . welle all man love . but man like hearst -- they do not bother with convention because -- mank they do not have to . welle he love in he own way . on he condition . because that be the only condition he have ever know . Welles be now stand over mank , a dark figure in silhouette . mank soak in this somewhat ominous image . more music and image : eat and work ; swim and work ; play and work simultaneously . then : Beach : sunset . we see they walk along a desert beach Welles be walk in the surf , he trousers roll . welle ( quietly ) hearst look down at the world at he foot everything have always be beneath he . mank and what do he see ? welle the people . when they pay he homage , he adore they . but when they have the ... audacity to question he . to doubt he . to embarrass he . then he despise they . mank and when he look up ? what do he dream about ? 31 Welles stop and look up . a thousand star twinkle above he . they be reflect in he eye . a long pause as he do not answer mank then mank I be ready to write it , Orson Welles turn to he . you be sure ? yeah . mank gaze at Welles . welle mank I know he the clatter of a old typewriter be hear . ext / int + bungalow . victorville day victorville be a rural desert community in San bernadino County about 90 mile from LA . mank and John houseman be ensconce in a bungalow at Campbell 's Guest ranch , write the movie . mank , smoking a cigar , pace around the cacti and shrub in the backyard recite to they secretary . she pound away on a typewriter as he orate . a huge stack of papers lie neatly by she typewriter . this be clearly the longest screenplay in the history of the world . mank leiand : " you talk about the people as if you own they . as though they belong to you . but you do not really care about anything except you . " Craig : " a toast then , jedediah , to all that people who do not vote for I today and to love on my own term . that be the only term anybody ever know . . . " we float into the house as we continue to hear mank 's recitation ... Inside , John houseman be busy rifling through mank 's room as he listen : mank' voice ( cont . ) " ... because in the end a man look into the mirror and see one face look back not humanity -- not " the people " -- one face . and he 's get to be able to look at that one face and know he be true . " houseman uncover a bottle of vodka hide under mank 's bed he pour the bottle down a bathroom drain as he call out the window : JOHN houseman that 's too long . tighten it up outside , mank snarl and then revise : mank you be killin ' I here , housey . okay , make that , Craig : " a toast , jedediah , to love on my own term . that be the only term anybody ever know , he own . " houseman emerge from the house . JOHN houseman telegram from the Christ child he tear open the telegram and read : beat . JOHN houseman " schaefer love the idea . stop. start write . stop. stop drink . stop . do you work in the jigsaw puzzle . question mark . do not stop . stop . Love you madly , Orson . " mank that man make my brain hurt we fade to a beautiful draw of a dark , cavernous room . perhaps it be a perfect matte painting from kane . Real or illusion ? the image turn into ... int SOUND stage , rko lot day Welles be stand in the middle of a enormous sound stage , empty but for a table with some elaborate set model . he be ;' slowly walk around the model , study they , imagine ' he movie . the sound stage door open and a man enter , carry a small black bag . he be cinematographer gregg toland . toland be a quiet , efficient and slim man of 36 . he be brilliant and fearless . toland walk to Welles and , without a word , pull a oscar statue out of the bag and set it down in the middle of one of the set model . he look up at Welles as we hear : welle ' voice and Gregg toland plunk down he oscar for wuthering height and say , " Mr. Welles , I want to shoot you picture . . . " int the brown derby day '' night the chic Brown derby restaurant be the unquestion palace of Hollywood celebrity . the smug big-wigs and desperate hanger - on circulate and score point in the great game of Movie gossip . in one corner booth sit hedda Hopper , phone in the latest salacious gossip to she newspaper . in the other corner booth louella parson do the same . they occasionally glance back and forth at each other like ravenous hyenas eyeing the last bit of carrion . Welles circulate between they . in a scene reminiscent of the famous citizen kane breakfast table scene with kane and Emily , we shoot back and forth as Welles apply he considerable charm to both woman . Welles be dress differently with each of they ; breakfast with hedda and dinner with louella . with hedda , morning : welle ( cont . ) ... and I say , " Mr. toland , you be the finest cinematographer in Hollywood , why would you desire to work with a stumbling neophyte ? " with louella , night welle and he reply , " Mr. Welles , the only way to learn anything new be to work with someone who do not know a damn thing . " louella screech louella ( scribbling on a pad ) priceless ! with hedda , morning : welle hedda , this movie be go to look like no other picture ever make . with louella , night : welle tome it 's a question of truth and illusion . do not you get tired of the errant falsity in motion picture ? louella huh ? welle what we be go to do be shoot life -- in all it 's joyous complexity . he take out a coin and begin a magic trick welle consider this quarter , my dear . you can touch it and feel it and be you to lean forward you could even smell it . why be it that in the movie a simple bit of reality -- a quarter , a room , a man - - with hedda , morning : welle become nothing but a lie ? a trick . a illusion . he make the quarter ' completely disappear . hedda be charme welle I will show the reality behind the trick . he make the quarter appear again and show the gut of the trick . welle I will use the illusion of Hollywood to show . . . the truth . hedda what do truth have to do with movie ? with louella , night louella ( confuse ) so , what , it go into you other hand ? with hedda , morning : welle and so the dreamer awaken into the realm of reality . he have be give a rendition of the truth . he have be treat with respect . hedda Orson , that 's all terribly interesting but what 's all this about you and dolore Del Rio ? do I hear love bird a'singin ' ? Welles sigh . with louella , night : louella now , Orson , you know I be just dyin ' to see you picture and I know it 's gonna be boffo , but you be write about a publisher , right ? welle we be use - louella you be not doin ' hearst , be you ? welle good God no ! the character be a delicious amalgamation of various press baron -- louella a delicious amalgamation , be it ? he lean forward to light she cigarette as : welle that 's right . a symphony of that : vaunted and value teller - of-truth . that heroic minuteman stand sentry on we liberty -- ext . louella Orson , hold on . look into my eye . tell I you be not do hearst . welle I be not do hearst . int bungalow . victorville day mank and houseman watch nervously as Welles read the last page of they massive screenplay . the script , almost half a foot high , be pile on a table next to Welles . he set down the last page and look at mank . a beat welle it 's 350 page long . mank yeah , but the margin be real wide . welle it be 350 page of ... absolute inspiration ! he leap up and embrace mank welle housey , get we a drink . houseman glance at Welles , surprised , but dutifully scamper inside . welle I tell you you could do this ! how could you have ever doubted I !? you must never doubt I again ! mank laugh mank it 's good , huh ? welle good ?! good ?! word fail you at last ! it 's terrific ! now I will have to do some shaping , of course , and some of the scene be not exactly . . . exactly . . . mank what ? welle short enough . but this be a grand start and I think we need to change the name . mank the title ? welle no , american be a bless title directly send from God 's soul to you mind . we shall never change that ! I mean the name of the publisher . Charles Foster Craig do not have the knife - out poetry I need . I be think about " kane " -- you like that ? mank cain -- like the Bible guy ? welle k-a-n-e . one strong syllable . kane I mank ( weakly ) Craig be one syllable welle but it 's not a great syllable houseman return with a tray of drink . Welles hand glass all around as : mank I --um -- I do not know if I should . I be not be drink since I start on this -- welle ( toast ) to my invaluable comrade drink up ! mank be stunne Welles smile and drink . int car . desert road day Welles sit in the back of he limo as he chauffeur speed he back to Los Angeles . he go through the script with a fervent intensity . he cross out huge section and toss away entire page . the ' floor around he foot be litter with discard page . mank sit drink heavily as the sun set in the distance houseman be busy pack in the house behind he . houseman notice mank and go to he they stare at the crimson of the set sun for a moment mank I be out , be not I ? houseman welcome to the world of Orson Welles . we focus on mank 's glower face . but the background be somehow different . we be at ... int mank' car night late at night . mank be sit in he car , drink from he flask and listen to period jazz music from the car radio . he be park outside Welles ' house , wait and seethe and very drunk . he see Welles pull into he driveway and climb out of he car . mank take a final swig and then bolt after he , carry a script . . . ext welle ' house following mank roar unsteadily up to Welles : mank you fuck ! you selfish fuck ! mank fling the script in Welles ' face . Welles recoil welle Jesus Christ -- mank you can't do this tome -- this be our story , remember ? -- you and I and goddamn everyone else - - remember that ?! mank snatch up the script and thrust it in Welles ' face mank pal from the studio send this -- you see that ?! what do it say ?! what doe it say orson ?! Welles bat the script away : welle get away from I -- mank push the title page of the script toward Welles as manx it say american by Orson Welles . you take my name off the fucking script ! welle it 's obviously a mistake , manki some steno girl make a mistake , alright ?! mank you can not do this to I --! Welles spin on he : welle ( savagely ) I fuck well can ! I own you script and I can do anything I goddamn want . and do not forget for one minute that I take you 350 page of drunken rambling and I make a movie out of they -- and now I have get to shoot the bastard . so thank you very much , I have all I need . and you can stop call I . he go into he house and slam the door . mank lean against the door in stunne exhaustion . then he slide down the door and sit lean against it . mank ( quietly ) I hope you choke on it . I hope it kill you . Inside the darken House , Welles be lean against the front door . Silent . int , , SAM simeon . assembly rqom night the Assembly room be hearst 's private sanctum high in a tower at San simeon . marion be valiantly try to piece together a huge jigsaw puzzle . hearst enter and go to she . he put he hand gently on she shoulder . marion this be suppose to be siam or some such . some kinda lousy b-b- balinese temple . this look like a temple to you ? I can not see it myself -- hearst ( quietly ) darling , I talk to millicent . marion stop work at the puzzle . she do not look up . beat hearst she say no a pause . then : marion slowly reach out for the puzzle and delicately place a piece in the proper position . marion there . that 's right . hearst she 's a Catholic . she say it would put she soul in peril . divorce be a very serious sin , apparently . marion ( not look up ) nut . she only care about the money . she think I will make you cut she out of the w-w- with -w... ( she clenches she fist ) will . a long , difficult pause hearst I be so sorry . marion slowly stand and walk to a liquor cabinet and pour a stiff drink . hearst watch sadly , but do not say a word int schaefer' office . rko lot day Welles pace before schaefer 's massive desk with typical combustible energy . behind the desk , huge picture window show the bustling activity of the rko lot . welle it 's a awful title , of course , but I can not think of anything better . someone come up with a sea of upturned face -- which have a nice , grand ring to it -- and I think of JOHN citizen , USA but that strike I as a bit Warner Brothers . or , God forbid , capraesque . I suppose american will do for now but -- schaefer citizen kane welle pardon ? schaefer citizen kane there 's you title . Welles muse welle a " Z " and a " k " in the title . that would draw the eye . for the poster . I like that the prisoner of zenda have a " Z " and a " p " and that work -- schaefer now look , Orson , let 's not get ahead of ourselves . the budget projection on this -- welle ( theatrically ) I know , I know ! but what more can you expect of I ?! I have pare this story down to the marrow to save money but to cut more would be to --! schaefer listen , get off you horse with I . you know I have stick by you since the beginning of time it seem like , while the stockholder in New York be ready to cut and run and everyone else in Hollywood be set to toss I in a rubber room . but you contract stipulate a max budget of 500 thousand . this one 's gonna come in at 750 thousand . what do we do about that ? a beat schaefer now do not have a fit -- but I want you to think again about do war of the world - welle Jesus schaefer do war of the world as a feature and everyone 's happy . you make some money and New York 's happy and you have a track record and then we will move on to kane . welle please do not ask I to do this . schaefer it 's the safe bet , Orson . there 's nothing wrong with that . a long pause as Welles lean against a wall , he head down he do not look at schaefer as : welle ( simply ) George , I want you to let I make this movie because I need to make it . and I do not really know why . afterwards there ' ii be all the time in the world to make money and sell popcorn . and I will do that for you . for rko and New York . but for now ... please let I tell this story . a beat . Welles finally look up at schaefer welle it 's you decision , George . if you look into my eye right now and say , go make war of the world , I will . I will make it . and , yes , it will make you money . and I honestly can not think of a reason in the world why you should let I do kane other than that you should . a long pause as schaefer study Welles . then schaefer if it will get you the hell out of my office , go ahead and make the picture . Welles drop he head , too move to speak . then he nod to schaefer and begin to leave . schaefer say thank you , Orson . Welles glance at he . schaefer for the title welle ( smile ) ah , it 's a grand title . he sweep out . schaefer smile and shake he head . schaefer like it would kill he to say thank you ext SOUND stage . rko lot dawn the sun be just rise on the rko lot . we note a sign on the wall by the sound stage door : citizen kane . rko production # 281 . director : orson welle absolutely no admittance . int rko SOUND stage following absolute silence . Welles stand in the mammoth sound stage and look around , it be as if he have enter a great cathedral . a few light illuminate portion of the stage and giant lighting rig and scaffold soar to the unseen ceiling mile away . the xanadu great Hall set await . Welles slowly walk to the set and stand , surveying he domain , savore the moment . title : JULY 30 , 1940 he clear he throat and speak , rehearse he first day speech to the cast and crew . his voice echoe . welle today we - - he stop , surprised by the echo . welle today we be go to break every rule in motion picture history ... no . . we be go to shatter every rule in today we be go to shatter the hallow bust of griffith and demille and Ford . we be go to show the world a new way of see . together we will blaze a trail ... as Welles continue to rehearse we slowly ascend the scaffold and lighting rig ... welle ' voice together we will throw away all the map and we will become - joyously lose in the wilderness . and the future cartographer of Hollywood will forever chart we course . follow we lead ... we continue to ascend and finally discover two electrician on the upper catwalk , stare down in amusement , much like the two stagehand at the opera in kane . welle ' voice and do you know why we be go to do this ? again to Welles on the stage floor : a beat . Welles slowly smile . welle we be go to do this because it 's go to be fun . above , one of the electrician 's throw the switch on a huge spotlight . Welles be capture in the vibrant white light and benny goodman 's immortal " sing , sing , sing " immediately explode and we be into : the making of citizen kane a camera crane sweep dramatically to the ceiling of the sound stage and brilliant white light flash on . a film clapper snap : citizen kane . rko production 281 director : orson welle . and we see Welles racing heroically into make he first movie : in vary kane makeup he tear through scene and actor : laugh with agnes moorehead on the cabin set ; charming RUTH warrick on the breakfast table set ; berate dorothy commingore on the great Hall set ... he speed back and forth and back and forth from the set to the camera in the campaign headquarters set , never happy with the shot . . . Gregg toland watch , bemuse , as Welles shift tiny prop piece on the set . . . Welles bully and scream and plead and seduce . like a obsessed artistic tornado he be seemingly everywhere at once . we see he rejecting matte painting and in makeup and rewrite the script and try on costume and select prop and leaping into odd position look for the perfect camera angle . it be very important in this sequence that we see the pressure building ... building ... building ... on Welles . " sing , sing , sing " continue on the xanadu stairway set Welles behind the camera , filming actor Paul Stewart paul stewart " rosebud ? I will tell you about rosebud . welle again . a film clapper : take 58 paul stewart " rosebud ? I will tell you about rosebud . welle again . a film clapper : take 59 paul stewart " rosebud ? I will tell you about rosebud . welle again " sing . sing , sing " continue ... in a corner of the sound stage : Welles , in full kane makeup , study a miniature model of the kane campaign headquarters set through a tiny periscope with cinematographer Gregg toland . welle it need a ceiling , Gregg . Real room have real ceiling . gregg toland you want a ceiling on this one too ? welle you bet . gregg toland gonna be tough welle ( smile ) no , it 's gonna be impossible . that 's why we be do it . sing , sing , sing " continue back on the xanadu stairway set : poor Paul Stewart , now at he wit 's end , continue : paul stewart " rosebud ? I will tell you about rosebud . " welle again the film clapper : take 112 . paul stewart " rosebud ? I will tell you about rosebud welle again Paul Stewart scream and collapse . " sing , sing , sing " continue ... on the Atlantic City nightclub set : Welles watch as the camera crane attempt the dizzying and difficult maneuver from the skylight at the top of the set down to dorothy commingore as Susan Alexander below . the camera crane go out of control and crash through some light fixture and swing crazily down toward dorothy commingore . she yelp and leap away as the camera barrel through the table and smashes to the floor . Welles stand next to toland . a beat . welle well , that do not really work " sing , sing , sing " continue . back on the , xanadu stairway set Paul Stewart , daze and shattered , be listen intently . Welles stand with he arm around Stewart , embrace he , whisper into he ear . welle it be the most important line of the picture . you will weave the magic of " rosebud " in a single word - - you will say the word in such a way as to impart to we the mystery of it . it be a divine and sinister mystery worthy only of you talent . in this one word the movie soar or fall . once more , I beg you . Stewart nod . the film clapper : take 178 . the cameraman lean into the viewfinder . we see he black - and - white view of the shot through the lens then : in a cramped editing room we see Welles watch the scene on a old editing moviola . on the moviola we see Paul Stewart take a deep breath and then , magnificently : paul stewart ( on moviola ) " rosebud ? I will tell you about rosebud . " welle ' voice ( on moviola ) print. ;' on the moviola we see Stewart laugh hysterically and dance away . in the editing room , Welles shake he head welle actor . " sing , sing , sing " continue . on the campaign headquarters set : Welles and toland lie on the floor of the campaign headquarters set and gaze up through viewfinder . they squirm about on the floor and laugh to one another about they newest outlandish idea . then toland notice something in the catwalk high above the set . a redhead electrician . toland Orson , you see that electrician up there ? the redhead . he be on grape of wrath . he 's a free - lance studio spy . probably report right back to the rko boy in New York . Welles slowly stand and thunder : welle stop everybody stop ! all the flurry activity on the sound stage immediately stop . every eye turn , terrify , to Welles . Welles glare up at the redhead electrician welle you come down here ! the electrician slowly climb down from the rafter . Welles rivet he every step of the way . the electrician stop before Welles . electrician Mr. Welles ...? a tense beat and then Welles fiercely and purposefully spit in the electrician 's face . the electrician recoil , stunne . welle get out Welles return to toland as the electrician slink off " sing , sing , sing " continue as : we see the magnificent film emerge . Welles watch scene in a screen room , he foot up , exhaust , almost asleep , a cigar dangle from he lip ... we see rush of Welles go through scene with dorothy commingore as Susan Alexander . he be relentless with she off camera , drive she to the harridan outburst he want just before he step into the shot ... we see the crew observe , with great amusement , Welles ' stumbling attempt to learn the " Charlie kane " dance ... we see toland shifting light to achieve deep - focus cross -fade . Welles rage as the difficult process eat up time ... we see Welles grow increasingly manic . the long hour and the pressure be clearly take a toll .. we return to the screen room . Welles be now fully asleep . his cigar fall from he mouth and begin smolder on he suit . " sing , sing , sing " fade at ... on a xanadu set : film a scene . Welles , in old - kane makeup , be sit with dorothy commingore as Susan Alexander . he be curiously distract . she be pour tea in the scene : dorothy commingore " Charlie , you sure get the funniest way of look at thing . " Welles do not respond . he break character welle no -- no -- I will pour the tea . sorry . I should pour the tea . let 's try that again . toland stand behind the camera and watch Welles . there be obviously something wrong . welle okay , here we go ... set. action Welles pop into character and pour the tea in the scene as : dorothy commingore " Charlie , you sure get the funniest way of look at thing . " Welles stop , break character again : welle no -- that 's not right he clear he throat and glance at the enormous crew , all stare back at he expectantly . welle urn. . . ah . . . yes -- you should definitely pour the tea . okay , again . sorry .... set. action . they start the scene again . she pour the tea dorothy commingore " Charlie , you sure get the funniest way of look at thing . " a pause as she wait for he reply in the scene he sit , freeze . toland Orson , you wanna take five ? welle five ...? yes . no . we be do today he slowly walk off the set as he nervously pull at he tie , tear it off . toland watch he go . int brown derby day louella be at she usual corner booth , on the phone to one of she many spy . she be devour a cobb salad as she hear : ' phone voice I do not know if this mean anything but I just talk to a guy in the rko art department they have get all this book and crap all over the place . picture of San simeon . louella instantly stop eat phone voice for the Welles picture . louella picture of the castle ? phone voice yeah louella thanks , doll . get I more . she hang up , intrigue . int welle ' house Welles be stand , absolutely lose , in the middle of he live room . he be still in he old - kane makeup which be just beginning to peel off he face . we hear a low , insistent drum beat , a gene krupa riff . we hear the sound of a ice pick chipping into a block of ice . Welles glance around . we be no longer in Welles ' live room but at . . . int mank' house . santa monica day a turntable spin in a corner , play a gene krupa record . ashtray overflow with cigar butt and messy pile of page be litter around a typewriter . mank 's beach house be tiny and on the edge of squalid Welles , still in he peel old - kane makeup , be stand in the middle of the live room and mank be in the small kitchenette , chipping ice for drink . a long pause welle and I be look at they -- and they be all look at I and I do not know who should pour the tea . ' mank uh huh . welle I just can not . . see it anymore mank return to the live room and thrust a drink in Welles hand . welle I want you back mank fuck you . ( he sit . ) you want I out . I be out . welle I be sorry . mank I do not care . Welles hand mank a fold script from he jacket . mank look at it as : welle this be the shoot script we have be use every day . sure enough , the title page of the script read : citizen kane by herman J. mankiewicz and Orson Welles . welle it 's just like we always say it would be mank hand it back mank too late , kid . Welles sit . welle do I ever tell you about my father ? mank I do not give a shit about - welle he be a drunk . and he be my father and I be ashamed of he . a beat . Welles proceed quietly and with difficulty . welle he show I the world , he take I with he everywhere -- Europe , China -- and he be so proud of I . but he would drink and he would get ... embarrassing . and I begin to resent he because I be so ... sparkling , you see . so I cut he dead . I turn my back and I walk away because I do not need he . he be get in the way of my " genius . " and he would write I letter , and I never answer they , and he would call I , and I never take he call , and he show up at school and I would not see he . tear be beginning to inch down Welles ' face welle when I finally see he again , he be in a coffin . I be fifteen . and all of a sudden he be not that embarrassing drunk anymore ... he be the man who show I the world . Welles look up at mank , tear now stream down he face . welle just like you , mank . a long beat . mank , despite himself , be move . to cover he emotion mank rise and go into the kitchen to freshen he drink . we remain tight on Welles as we hear mank 's voice : mank' voice so you have lose it ? do not know who should pour the tea . welle yeah a beat mank' voice Orson ... just cut the goddamn tea welle okay a beat . Welles reach for a cigar , tear still wet on he face . mank' voice I be think about the beach scene . you do that yet ? welle no mank' voice good -- cause I be think that we be start the scene too late ... Welles quickly bite off the end of he cigar -- he expression one of " gotcha ! " -- even as. he cheek be still wet with tear . mank' voice ( cont . ) Cause if we do not show Susan watch kane more then we be not building the right tension into the scene . see , she 's gotta know that ... Welles slowly smile as the record of gene krupa 's percussion segues into the unmistakable rhythm of " sing , sing , sing " and eclipse mank 's voice ... and we see Welles everywhere , more energize than ever : perilous on a high crane ; stick in a cramped corner behind the camera ; do magic trick for the cast ; sleep as makeup be apply to he face ... mank be always at Welles ' side : support ; challenging ; amusing ; inspiring . . . we see Welles strutting , raging , boast , dance . and again tower . " sing , sing , sing " finally end at .. through the black - and - white viewfinder we see Welles , in full costume and makeup , carefully walk across the massive kane campaign headquarters set toward we . we see the low angle black - and - white camera 's perspective . toland voice closer ... closer ... closer -- stop . we just lose you head . welle can you see my shoe ? toland voice yeah , but we lose you head . welle goddamn it Joe -- stand here joseph cotton , also in full costume and makeup , step into the shot and take Welles ' position as Welles scurries out of the frame . . .. int SOUND stage . rko night . following Welles march across the set and squirm into position at the camera , which be right on the floor , and peer up through the viewfinder . toland lie next to he . mank stand to one side and - watch . welle it 's just not low enough . this be the scene . we have to look up at this two man as pillar soar to the sky . as tower virtue in combat -- toland spare I the aria , I know what you want -- welle I need my shoe in total focus right here and also Joe back there --! toland I know what you want but it can not be do ! welle take apart the fuck camera rig -- we could get a few more inch down and then tilt up -- toland Orson -- we can not get the fuck camera any fuck lower so find another fuck shot ! Welles think for a moment and then bolt up . toland watch , mystify , as Welles race to a sound stage fire station and grab a fire axe . Welles storm back to the set and raise the axe high . toland quickly roll away . and Welles slam the axe into the wooden floor of the set . he continue to hack at the floor . welle come on , Gregg ! we will tear out this floor ! Welles and toland and various grip hack at the floor mank watch , bemuse , and check he watch Welles and toland finally tear away the remnant of the wooden floor . they stare down , defeat . under the wood be solid concrete . Welles and toland stand and stare at the concrete toland it 's midnight , why do not we pick it up tomorrow ? Welles do not answer . he continue to eye the concrete then : welle get I a jackhammer . we see a grip pound away at the concrete with a jackhammer as Welles , always in motion , sweep past mank and Joseph cotton . mank ( wryly , to cotton ) there but for the grace of God , go God . Welles slam to a halt in front of the unit physician and thrust out a arm . the physician inject he with a dose of B - 12 . Welles can barely wait for the injection before he speed off . Welles supervise as toland lower the camera into the freshly dig hole in the middle of the sound stage . mank check he watch , 3:30 am . Welles leap into the trench to check the camera setup . again we see the view through the black - and - white viewfinder . Joseph cotton stand at a distance , at the far wall of the set . welle ' voice okay , Joe . . . come closer . . . closer we see cotton approach . he finally stop inch away from the camera . his shoe and the far wall of the set be both in total focus . it be a breathtaking , vertiginous shot . then we see Welles and Joseph cotton rehearse and rehearse and filming and filming the scene . endlessly finally we seem to be see the scene from the movie welle " well , if you get drunk to talk to I about miss Alexander , do not bother . I be not interested . I have set back the sacred cause of reform , be that it ? all right , if that 's the way they want it , the people have make they choice . it 's obvious the people prefer Jim getty to I . " joseph cotton " you talk about the people as if you own they . as though they belong to you . as long as I can remember , you have talk about - - " ( he break character ) Orson , I be so goddamn tired -- we continue to watch the scene through the viewfinder : welle ( to the camera operator ) keep filming . joseph cotton I can not remember the line ! welle then make they up ! you be drunk and you be angry . he shove Joseph cotton brutally welle this be the chance you have be wait for , boy . tell that son of a bitch just what you think of he ! joseph cotton we be not all hop up on benzedrine , Orson I some of we human need sleep ! Welles shove he again . welle you be not go to get another chance , boy ! look right at the monster and you tell he -- joseph cotton ( deeply ) " you do not care about anything except you . you just want to persuade people that you joseph cotton ( cont . ) love they so much that they ought to love you back . only you want love on you own term . " welle " a toast then , jedediah , to love on my own term . that be the only term anybody ever know , he own . " Welles / kane drink . a long pause . welle cut. print we jump out of the black - and - white viewfinder and into the scene as Welles turn to a assistant . welle how ' bout a real drink ? toland we do ? welle yeah . the crew member exhale and practically collapse Welles stand and look around in satisfaction . he take in the empty corner of the sound stage , the set , the camera savore the moment . welle ( quietly ) it 's finish . he walk to the massive door of the sound stage and pull they open . sunlight flood in . outside it be a blaze morning and the dazzle sunlight silhouettes Welles . Welles squint and step into the glorious sunlight . mank and toland follow . they stand and watch as rko extras and crew bustle about on they way to work . the assistant bring a tray of martinis . they each take a glass . the rko worker stare at they oddly as they pass . Welles toast they . welle good morning , good morning . . . he grab a pass extra and dance with she as mank and toland laugh . ext hedda' mansion . patio morning hedda Hopper recline on she patio . a extremely ugly pug dog sit in she lap . she have green goo all over she face and a cigarette dangle from she lip . title : three month later . JANUARY 3 , 1941 she be go through the trade . she stop at a particular item . she study it and then reach for the phone and dial . hedda ( on phone ) Orson , hedda here ! you naughty boy ! you tell I that I would be positively the first human soul to see you masterpiece and here I read in the reporter that there 's a screen tonight for the magazine ... yes , advance deadline , I understand . . . ( she smile ) . . . oh , rough cut , uh-huh ... be there , Orson , know the drill . see ya tonight ! she hang up . her hideous dog leap on she and start lick she face goo . hedda get offa I , ya little prick int outside a rko screening room night Welles pace nervously outside the door to the screen room . schaefer stand lean against a wall . from inside we can hear some of the final dialogue from citizen kane . welle this be a abomination there 's no music and -- schaefer they have all see a rough cut welle the magazine be one thing -- but hedda ! why do we have to let she come ?! schaefer when hedda say " I be come " you mix a lot of martinis and you pray . silence from inside the screen room . the movie be over . a agonizing silent pause then the door swing open and the guest stream out . totally neutral expression . the bejewel valkyrie , hedda herself , finally emerge . she stop before Welles . a beat . she reach up and pinch he cheek , a bit too hard . and then she slap he cheek , a bit too hard . and then she go welle what the hell do that mean ?! ext hedda ' S mansion . patio morning hedda pace and smoke as she wait on the phone . finally , she be connect : hedda ( brightly ) why hello , Mr. hearst ! I be so delighted you could take my call . I just want to let you know -- I see this Orson Welles picture last night . first screen ever , do not cha know , and , Mr. hearst , I do not understand something . . . ( she smile wickedly ) ... I just do not understand why louella have not tell you it ' 's all about you . . . yes , oh yes . . . my pleasure , sir . she hang up hedda take that , you old cow int schaefer' office day schaefer sit at he desk , go through some budget sheet . his intercom buzze , he press a button : secretary's voice Mr. schaefer , miss parson be here schaefer ( into intercom ) here ? as in right outside the door ? secretary's voice yes , sir schaefer ( chipper , into intercom ) well , send she in ! he release he intercom button schaefer shit he bolt up and race to the liquor cabinet as louella sweep in like the lusitania in fur . louella schaefer , I gotta see this Welles picture schaefer louella , hello , I be just fix a drink , would you like --? louella ( eyeing gossip ) you drink at 10 be , do you ? schaefer no -- no -- I mean -- louella I wanna see the picture today schaefer that might be a tad difficult because Orson be scoring the picture now and he 's very particular about the music -- louella cut the malarkey , buddy . the boss himself want I to see the picture today . schaefer he personally ask you to ? louella that 's right beat schaefer hearst ? louella uh-huh beat louella I will be back at noon . set it up in screen room four . she sweep out schaefer oh god int rko screening room day louella watch citizen kane we watch she enormous face , grim and glower , bath in flicker blue light as we hear a bit of the dialogue : " kane " " you will continue with you sing , Susan . I do not propose to have myself make ridiculous . " " susan alexander " " you do not propose to have yourself make ridiculous I what about I ?! I be the one that 's get to do the sing ! I be the one who get the razzberry ! " with that , louella bolt up and stomp out of the screening^ room ... ' int outside the screening room following Welles and schaefer be again nervously wait in the hallway . louella slam out the door and almost crash into Welles a beat as she glare at he . if look could kill she storm off Welles and schaefer be too stunne even to speak as we hear : louella's voice it be . . . assassination . int san simeon . assembly room day hearst sit with one of he dachshund on he lap louella sit across from he . hearst do not move a muscle in the entire scene . louella ( cont . ) it 's all you . it have the political campaign and the mining fortune and the war with pulitzer and the castle . and ... marion . hearst how so ? louella the jigsaw puzzle and the , urn , career -- the man spend a fortune to make she a star -- only it 's opera and not movie . and ... hearst yes ? louella ( quietly ) the drink . a beat hearst ( very control ) so my life be a subject for mockery . all of it . every detail . every personal detail . louella nod . a beat . hearst thank you for you time louella thank you , sir . she begin to leave a beat a pause hearst miss parson , I have one additional question for you . louella sir? ( stop ) hearst why do we not know about this sooner ? louella Sir ? hearst I pay you a good deal of money to be my eye and ear in Hollywood , do I not ? if you can not provide this simple service you be of no use to I . louella Sir , I - hearst ( lethally ) please be quiet . a young man have make a motion picture detail my life . this motion picture be make at a not insignificant studio . and you know nothing about it . louella he lie to I louella he look into my face and tell I it be not about you . hearst and how do you feel when you be lie to ? a beat . louella I want blood hearst good . retain that feel . let it nourish you from this day forth . it shall nourish we both she nod and leave the room we linger on hearst , he expression dark and dangerous . int schaefer' office evening Welles recline on a sofa , smoking a cigar , orate , while schaefer sit at he desk absently flipping through the evening edition of the LA examiner . welle give I one dinner with she and I will sort it out . woman of a certain age be woefully susceptible to a young man 's charm . I will make myself so monumentally attractive that he be distract by schaefer flipping through the newspaper anxiously . schaefer tear back and forth in the paper and then swivel around in he chair to grab another newspaper . he flip through it . and then stop . schaefer ( sicken ) oh Christ ... Welles leap up and go to schaefer 's desk . schaefer have place the two newspaper side by side on he desk . he point to one schaefer this be the morning edition of the examiner . he point to the other schaefer and this be the evening edition . notice anything ? welle the ad .. indeed , the morning edition contain a large ad for the rko movie kitty foyle . in the evening edition the ad have be replace by innocuous copy . schaefer they dumped we ad . he flip through the evening edition and then look up at Welles . schaefer ( quietly ) they dumped all we ad . int mayer' office day Louis B. mayer sit at he massive desk , take note hearst sweep in . mayer be surprised . hearst Louis mayer randolph ! hearst hope you do not mind my pop in -- mayer no -- no -- sit down , please hearst ( sit ) what a wretch place this be . I can not come to town without feel filthy . you really must buy that parcel of land by the castle and come north . I only wish I could . you know , business hearst quite . and this be why I come to visit . have you hear about this citizen kane picture ? mayer over at rko ? a beat . hearst mm. not a very good picture I be tell . mayer ( confuse ) uh-hub . hearst apparently it detail the exploit of a publisher like myself . entirely too much like myself . do you follow so far ? mayer yeah a beat . hearst I can not see how the release of that picture will do anyone any good , really . hearst say , while I be in town why do not we play 18 hole at bel Air ? or maybe just nine . do you have time for a round today ? he gaze at mayer . mayer look at he , disquieted a pause . a beat hearst and maybe we could get Mr. Warner and Mr. goldwyn and Mr. cohn and Mr. selznick to play as well . mayer ( quietly ) you know that can not happen . hearst oh , why be that ? hearst why be that , Louis ? mayer bel Air be restrict . hearst oh , that 's right . how silly of I to have forget . I sometimes forget that you be all Jews . lot of people forget that . if they ever know it . a tense pause hearst see what you can do about this citizen kane picture , will not you ? mayer ( quietly ) yeah hearst stand . hearst and you will come out to the castle soon , I hope marion and I would love to see more of you . he smile and go . mayer sit , shake int brown derby night schaefer sit with louella in she corner booth louella that 's right , fella , no hearst paper will run a rko ad until you agree that citizen kane will never see the light of day . schaefer louella , please , be reasonable , I understand you have problem with Orson 's picture but maybe we can work something out -- louella nix , sweetie . you shelve it schaefer oh for God 's sake , louella - louella and Mr. hearst have authorize I to tell you that you be look at the most beautiful lawsuit in history if you release this picture . he will bleed you little studio dry and you can all go on back to New York and do Shakespeare with the Boy wonder . schaefer can I talk to hearst ? louella you be talk to he . int san simeon . assembly room day hearst stand with he arm behind he back , very kane-like , and survey a collection of about 30 newspaper spread around the floor at he foot . his newspaper . marion sit in a corner , do needlepoint . hearst pick up one of he papers hearst the Journal be pretty harsh to Roosevelt today . marion you oughta lay off he -- he be the p-p-president , after all . hearst he be a bolshevik . he will have we at war by the end of the year . I think I be go to run that wheelchair picture . marion do not she hold up she needlepoint marion whaddaya think ? it be a sampler read : bless this castle he laugh joe willicombe , hearst 's private secretary , enter quietly . willicombe be a serious and sensitive man in he 60' . he be unquestioningly loyal to the old man . willicombe Sir , we get the call . a moment . hearst look at he . willicombe shake he head sadly . hearst thank you , Joseph . willicombe glide out a long pause as hearst move to a window and stare down at he domain . marion watch he . marion how bad be it ? hearst nothing for you to worry about , darling marion pop a beat hearst the s.e.c. have turn down my request for relief on the debt . marion how much ? hearst it 's not really -- marion how much ? a - beat hearst 125 million . she be absolutely stunne . a pause marion ( softly ) we be 125 million dollar in debt ? hearst yes . a pause hearst continue to gaze out the window . marion go to he and hold he tenderly . ; they look down at the massive San simeon estate spread out like wonderland below they . int marion how do one get 125 million dollar in debt ? hearst one . . . busy thing . int recording stage night kane composer bernard hermann stand before a orchestra , go over some of the music for kane . he try various measure and make adjustment . a movie screen be ready to run section of the film . Welles sit at the back of the room , talk quietly to Gregg toland . Welles be bewitch , spin a web : welle we open on monument Valley . that tower stalagmite reach up like plead finger to God . a single figure tread the arid plain . the crimson sun be behind he so he shadow stretch toward we . he be a simple man wear a simple robe . a profoundly quiet and sad man . who be he ? Bernard Hermann turn back to Welles and toland bernard hermann Orson , please .. welle ( whisper , to toland ) who be he , Gregg ? toland ( realize ) oh , no -- welle yes ! toland he 's Christ ? welle I be Christ toland you want to do the life of Jesus ? welle yes ! vibrant and modern and stark like a Picasso sketch draw to flash of lightning I we shoot the whole thing in the gallant american West -- mank join they , carry a newspaper . mank hey , kid . Gregg . welle mank , sit down . you miss the open of the new picture but I will go back -- mank no , you gotta hear this - bernard hermann ( snap back at they ) I be try to work here ! welle sorry , you keep at it , old boy . he lead toland and mank out of the stage and into the sound proof recording booth ... int . SOUND booth a few sound engineer and mixer work over recording panel and watch Hermann and the orchestra as Welles , toland and mank enter . mank you read louella ? Welles shudder welle no , but I can imagine . what be I today ? a " puny upstart " or a " spoiled dilettante " -- no , she would not know how to spell that mank ( read ) " and how be the country to feel when this industry continue to employ bedraggle foreigner and swarthy refugee instead of real Americans ? do not Hollywood know there 's a Depression on ? do not real Americans deserve work ? " welle ( laugh ) well , at least she 's off kane today mank no she 's not . do not you get it , ya lunk ? she 's use code language to the studio boss . " bedraggle foreigner and swarthy refugee " -- who the hell do you think she 's talk about ? welle ( playfully ) hedy lamarr ? mank Jews . she 's talk about Jews . beat Welles ' smile fade . mank who own this town ? who run every goddamn studio ? the tribe , baby . this fucker hear the word " Jew " and they start sweat . like ester Williams ' pool they start sweat . welle ( grow tense ) so they be Jews . . . mank this be just the first shot . maestro . sooner or later she 's gonna use the word . and all that boy know that there be only one thing this country hate more than the colored and that 's the Jews . welle Christ . mank I , I be proud to be a Jew , I get no problem . you do not like it , fuck you . but with this guy it 's like a dirty word . all they wanna be be good red - white - and -blue Americans , and the way they see it you can not be a good american and a Jew . so Sam goldfish become Sam goldwyn and David selznick become David 0 . selznick -- like anyone 's gonna think he 's irish for fuck 's sake -- welle what do this have to do with --? mank ( dead serious ) believe you I , they be gonna do anything -- and I mean absolutely anything -- to stop that word from gettin ' out . welle ( sharply ) what ?! be they go to kill I ? be that what they be go to do ?! one of the sound technician turn to Welles : SOUND technician sorry , Mr. Welles , I can not really hear Welles , mank and toland quickly decamp to a hallway outside the recording stage ... int hallway following they emerge into the hallway . mank light a cigar . mank ( quietly ) let I tell you a story , son so this be 1924 , right ? hearst be throw a birthday party for Thomas ince , the old movie producer . they be all on the old man 's yacht take a nice jaunt from pedro down to San Diego . Real foggy night it be . this be hearst , marion , ince , Charlie chaplin , louella , the usual gorilla . so hearst notice marion slip off with chaplin -- she be screwing everyone then -- and the old man go nut . grab he revolver and start shoot . just like Tom mix , stand there blast away through the fog . boom - - boom -- boom -- and Thomas ince take a bullet through the head . so now there 's this dead guy lie on the deck . you will see how this could be quite a embarrassment . so the empire go into action . Nice and quiet and ince be cremate lickety - split . no inquest and no police . it be right after this that hearst give louella she life- time contract . just to keep she all hush-hush . a beat as mank gaze at Welles . a beat mank if he have know about kane before you make it , you would be dead already . welle ( weakly ) it 's too late . the movie 's make mank they will not let it out . not hearst . not the other studio head -- welle you write the damn thing , mank be not you go to fight for it ?! mank ( bitterly ) I tell you this be go to happen ! I tell you he be go to come after we ! so we take the chance anyway and we lose . that 's how it go , okay ? I get my check , kid , and so do you -- and that 's what it 's all about -- so fuck it and move on . Welles lean forward in a sudden explosion of anger welle I will not move on ! let they do they worst ! this petty tyrant ! this monstrous , small man do they think they can stop we ? I who be they ?! who be they ?! they be . .. accountants I Bernard Hermann appear at a doorway from the recording stage . bernard hermann we be ready . you want to hear it ? Welles go with Hermann into the stage . toland and mank stand in silence . then : toland his next picture ... he want to play Christ . mank hope he 's plan to start with the crucifixion . 76 int recording stage following Welles sit at the back of the stage , deep in think Bernard Hermann raise he baton and prepare to conduct . the open shot of kane -- fog shroud xanadu -- be project on the screen . Hermann conduct and the orchestra play . we watch the first image of the film with the brilliant music . we pull back to reveal we be at int san simeon . screening room night hearst and marion be sit in the plush San simeon screen room , surround by a passel of dachshund . five or six friend be also spread around the room . Joe willicombe be also present . we watch they face as they watch citizen kane during this sequence we hear bit and piece of kane as we watch hearst and marion react . we see marion 's initial amusement give way to a force neutrality . we see hearst become increasingly uncomfortable , reacting physically , almost writhe , as he soul be laid bare . then he face grow cold . drain . we see Joe willicombe , offended . we see the other guest , horrify and afraid to even so much as glance at hearst . finally , we hear the end of the movie : " raymond " " throw that junk in , too . we hear Bernard Hermann 's close music begin to play out hearst abruptly stand , the final image of the film wash over he face . hearst switch it off switch it off the film suddenly stop and light come up around the screen room . silence no one look at hearst . hearst ( quietly ) would everyone please leave the guest and Joe willicombe solemnly file out a pause marion well -- he get we , do not he ? she stand and go quickly to pour a drink . a force laugh marion naile we , hub ? the crazy old man and he whore . hearst marion -- marion buy and p-p-paid for . just like one of he goddamn statue . well at least in the movie he marry she ! hearst this picture -- marion ( deeply ) I be not that woman . a beat . I know what I could have be . I know what I give up to stay with you . marion ( pain ) I mean he 's even get the goddamn jigsaw puzzle she dissolves into sob . he cradle she in the empty screen room a beat marion why do he do that to we ? int san simeon . assembly room night hearst be as we have never see he before . he be in a titanic rage . he pace back and forth violently like a cage animal , become increasingly manic and uncontrolled , clenching he fist and bark to Joe willicombe : hearst and now of all time -- now -- when I be grasp on with my fingernails to live at all this Orson we lie -- this insect -- this reprehensible insect -- have the nerve to challenge I ! to show my life as some cheap sideshow -- a freak show -- a dying , impotent old freak in he castle ! he smashes a collection of figurine and send they sailing across the room . hearst 's rage give way to a darker passion : hearst ( intensely ) Mr. willicombe -- you have see I in adversity -- you have see I take on the union and the Congress and the railroad -- and we have rise above -- we have rise above . and if that dog Welles think he can strike at I now -- when he think I be weak when he think I be vulnerable -- then he do not fully comprehend the man be face . willicombe Mr. Welles can not know anything about the difficulty we be -- hearst get I louella parson , now ! willicombe pick up a phone and begin dial as hearst continue : hearst this upstart -- this puny man -- how do he even dare to imagine he could comprehend my life and my world when he crawl with the other insect in the sewer -- in the dung -- when we control every moment of he life from the instant he be bear to the instant we decide that he will die ! do he have no idea of the power that control he ?! willicombe Mr. hearst , I have miss par ' hearst snatch the phone from willicombe hearst ( on phone ) miss parson , Mr. hearst . use the file he slam down the phone hearst now get I J. Edgar Hoover willicombe it 's very late in Washington - hearst then wake he up ! willicombe begin to dial hearst ( fervently ) that insect think he know I ! he think he know my capability ! when he neck be in my tooth and he blood be in my throat then he will know william randolph hearst ! int mayer' office . mgm day Louis B. Mayor 's eye be blink behind he glass in he glass we can see vague reflection of a series of grainy photograph show sex act and illicit assignation and corpse and mug shot . we pull back to reveal mayer flipping through a stack of photo and note . louella sit , smoking and supremely confident , across from he . mayer finally close the file and remove he glass . he rub he eye . he rise unsteadily and go to a liquor cabinet and pour himself a stiff drink . he gulp it down and then return to he desk . a pause and then he finally look at louella a beat a beat a beat . a pause louella so what do we get here , l.b . ? we get faggot and commy and junky . we get movie star screwing nigger and little girl . we get killer and pervert and whore . louella we get mgm and Warner Brothers and Columbia and Disney and Fox . louella we get Jews louella we get Hollywood . mayer ( quietly ) what do you want ? louella kill citizen kane . mayer how ? louella I do not give a shit . a beat louella the boss be work on some stuff and I be work on some stuff . now I want all you boy work on some stuff . Cause if it look like this picture 's ever gonna come out -- I start run down the street with this picture like a scream woman with my throat cut , you follow ? J. edgar hoover's office day bulldog - like FBI director hoover sit erect at he desk . behind he a impose FBI seal catch the light . he press a button on he intercom . hoover agent mccabe , if you please . his secretary , clean - cut FBI agent mccabe , enter quickly with a note pad . agent mccabe scribbles as Hoover dictate : ext . hoover open a new file . head : Welles , Orson . Native bear . Communist . hill around san simeon day marion and Joe willicombe sit in deck chair under the blaze sun . marion absently pet a dachshund in she lap . servant stand behind they with lunch and trays of iced tea they watch hearst riding a horse in the distance a pause . then : marion how bad be it ? willicombe miss Davies -- marion come on Joe . how bad be it ? a beat . willicombe it 's finish hearst gallop up to they . a servant help he down from he horse . he stride briskly to marion and willicombe as : hearst I have be think about the tribune in Chicago . the examiner just can not make any headway . circulation be still down . I think we should buy the tribune . marion glance to willicombe and then look at hearst with great tenderness . marion sure , pop . that 's a swell idea int mank' house . santa monica day mank pound away at a typewriter in he tiny beach house . he grumble to himself as he type : mank ... and rita hayworth say : " you see , he truly be the Son of God " ... big toland lighting effect ... blah , blah , blah ... a knock at the door . mank answer it . clean - cut FBI agent mccabe stand outside . he flash he badge . agent mccabe Mr. mankiewicz , I be special agent mccabe of the Federal Bureau of investigation . might I have a moment of you time ? mank sure , kid , come in . I be write the crucifixion and it 's a bitch . sit down agent mccabe sit and snap open a note pad agent mccabe I would like to ask you a few question about Mr. Welles . mank you guy after Orson too ? agent mccabe Mr. mankiewicz . mank shoot agent mccabe be you aware of Mr. Welles ' Communist affiliation ? mank shit , Orson 's no pink . he 's everything else under the sun , but he 's no pink . agent mccabe be you aware of Mr. Welles ' Communist affiliation ? mank no , I be not agent mccabe do you have any knowledge of Communists work within the motion picture industry ? agent mccabe do you have any knowledge of Communists work within the motion picture industry ? mank no agent mccabe be you now or have you ever be a member of , or affiliate with , the Communist Party or any of its front organization in the United States ? mank stop it agent mccabe be you now or have you ever be a member of -- mank I think you better leave agent mccabe be you now or have you -- mank ( grim ) get the fuck outta my house . agent mccabe snap he note pad close and stand . agent mccabe ( crisply ) thank you for you time , Mr. mankiewicz . we will be in touch . agent mccabe leave mank ( call after he ) do not bother , you low - life prick mank slam the door he stand for a moment , pale , and then go to the kitchen and pour himself a stiff drink . int san simeon , assembly room day marion be pour a drink as well . she quickly fill a glass of scotch and then begin stride back and forth across the Assembly room . hearst sit quietly at one of the jigsaw puzzle he occasionally and absently put a piece in place . she have clearly be at he for some time marion then you explain it to I ?! hearst there 's nothing to explain marion a million dollar a year on art and st-st-statue and there 's nothing to explain ?! hearst I will not defend my life to you -- marion I be not ask you to defend anything . but we be in a pickle and we gotta talk about it . hearst we be in no " pickle " -- as you would euphemistically have it . marion you gotta wake up now . pop . hearst there be nothing to discuss - marion you do not have any money leave , okay ?! that 's the truth . I do not wanna say it , nobody else will say it , but it 's the truth . you spend it all . you can not buy the tribune in Chicago -- you can not buy ^ g-g - goddamn thing . now you better face up to it -- hearst you be be typically theatrical , marion . I need the tribune to -- marion you do not need it ! that 's the problem you always think you need everything -- marion spin to a medieval arras cloth hang from one wall . marion that -- do you need that ? how much do that cost ? hearst it 's 12th century . from deauville -- in France . marion I know where deauville be for c-c - Christ 's sake . hearst you need not use that language with I marion do you need it ? do you need any of it ? hearst I want it marion there 's a different between want and hearst ( tightly ) not for I . marion ( frustrated ) but why ? just so you can show it all off -- just so everyone can see what a b-b-big man you be ?! he stand quickly hearst ( angrily ) that 's right . you have capture I exactly . goodnight . marion you will not walk out on I hearst you be repellant when you drink . marion tough shit . we need to t-t- talk about this -- hearst you be slovenly and unattractive and I will not ( he mercilessly mimic she ) t-t -t-tolerate it . a cold beat a pause . marion fuck you , Mr. kane . hearst ( darkly ) I will not have this in my home . marion I just want to understand -- hearst ( suddenly ) no , you do not . you want to condemn I , like everyone else . you want to point to the pathetic , old man grow lunatic with he spend -- trap in he ridiculous hearst ( cont . ) castle -- still fight old battle he will never win with pulitzer and Roosevelt and Hollywood -- marion I do not want you to -- hearst there be nothing to understand but this : I be a man who could have be great , but be not . he leave int san simeom . marion' bedroom day a silent scene as we see marion rummage through some drawer in she vanity table . a suitcase can be see on the bed behind she . she remove various jewelry case and pour a astounding array of gem into a black leather pouch . int . elizabeth arden salon . beverly hill day marion sit with carole lombard in a secluded section of the luxurious salon . a quiet scene . marion when I meet he I be just 20 . and he be 55 . I see the gold ring and just grab on . and he be go to make I a star . carole lombard and he do . a beat . marion when I be make movie I keep begging he to let I do comedy . silly stuff , you know . but pop do not get comedy too well so he keep put I in all that godawful p-p-period drama . carole lombard smile . marion I do my best but , well , you know I carole lombard sure marion thing that bother I now , though , look back be that I really think I could have be something ... special . carole lombard think like that be only gonna drive you nut you be a great star and you have a good run . that oughta be enough . marion yeah . but all of a sudden it 's not marion you know this citizen kane picture ? about pop and everything ? carole lombard uh-huh marion the character that 's suppose to be I , Susan Alexander -- carole lombard marion , everyone know you be not like that -- marion but I be that 's the killer , honey . this little girl come from nowhere and get discover by this guy . and maybe she have some real talent way deep down . but he pay the bill and he make the decision . and somewhere along the way ... she get lose . marion it 's hell when you gotta look back and say , goddamn , what I could have be . jewelry store . beverly hill marion enter a posh beverly Hills jewelry shop . she be wear sunglass . she nervously go to the counter and the shop owner glide to she . for marion , the entire experience be humiliate . this result in she stutter become increasingly more pronounce . shop owner May I help you ? marion I , um , need a estimate on some jewelry I might wish to sell . but d-d-discretion be very important to I b-b- because I do not want anyone t-t - to , um , know that -- shop owner Excuse I , I hope this be not rude , but be not you marion Davies ? marion yes . shop owner well , this be a great pleasure . miss Davies ! I just see that enchantment be play at a the tivoli , the revival house in Santa monica . that be a fine picture ! marion thank you - shop owner not one of they today have what you have , miss Davies . not one of they . marion thank you -- b-b - but I would really like t-t-to -- shop owner of course , of course . how can we be of service ? marion as I say I have some j-j- j- j- ( she simply can not get the word out ) that I might wish t-t - to sell and I want a estimate -- shop owner surely my pleasure , miss Davies .. marion remove the leather pouch from she purse and pour a stun collection of jewelry on a black feel tablet on the counter . shop owner ( awed ) my Lord . . . marion remove she sunglass and look at he . her eye be red . marion how much for the lot ? ext rko lot day Welles be pursue schaefer as they stride through the bustling rko backlot . schaefer what do you want I to do , Orson ? Radio City will not premiere the picture . louella threaten they with some bullshit about welle then find another theater schaefer you do not think I have try ? no one be willing to open the picture welle then we will open it in Detroit or Dallas or kalamazoo for God 's sake ! we will show it in goddamn circus tent and --! schaefer stop . schaefer listen to I . the press ban be kill we and the distributor will not book it . and meantime I be deal with the stockholder in New York who be scared shitless -- and I be this far from get fire myself -- and you do not have a friend in the world but I right now . so you have get to trust that I will do what I can to -- welle ( desperately ) " do what you can " ?! that 's not good enough I schaefer well it ' 's all you have get ! welle ( suddenly ) you be with they , be not you ? you be go to bury my movie . they buy you ! schaefer ( turn away ) for Christ 's sake , shut up -- welle why do not you just have the gut to admit it schaefer ( spin on he ) how dare you talk to I like that ! do you think I be like all the rest of that pirate ?! like mayer and Warner ? be that what you think --?! welle it 's just that my movie be so - schaefer ( savagely ) " you movie " -- I be so sick of that ! it 's you movie -- but it 's he life ! do you ever think about that ?! do you ever think about that old man and marion have to watch as you tore they apart ?! welle I do not -- schaefer do you every think for one second that you might have some responsibility for what you be do ?! for cut and slashing everything in you way so you can have you goddamn movie ?! welle that soulless monster get no tear from I . schaefer who the fuck be you try to kid ? you be that soulless monster . schaefer turn and stomp away Welles stand , lose for a moment in the dream factory in a bit of a daze , Welles slowly begin walk through the backlot . a bustle of loud activity in a corner of the lot draw he attention . a bulldozer and a dozen workmen be busy tear down the facade of a large white mansion . they strip the wood off and toss it into a incinerator . Welles see schaefer stand before all this activity , deep in think . Welles go to he and they stand together in silence for a moment as they watch the house be raze . schaefer recognize Welles shake he head schaefer it 's tara . from gone with the wind pause as they watch scarlett o'hara 's dream mansion be tear apart . welle it 's ... sad a beat . schaefer not really . it 's only a set , after all just lumber . . schaefer ( quietly ) you know , we make all this picture , we turn they out one after another , without think most of the time . just like make toaster or packard or toothpaste . but then sometimes ... something amazing happen and you get a gone with the wind . or a citizen kane schaefer ( cont . ) and no one can ever take that away from you . they gaze at the destruction of tara as we hear : radio announcer ( voice over ) ... and in financial news , rumor continue to swirl around the head of publishing baron William randolph hearst . . . int san simeon . roman pool night hearst sit in a wicker chair by the shimmer in - door Roman Pool . but for hearst and the single chair , the pool be desert and have no other furniture . hearst be stare at the gold and blue mosaic of tile reflect in the water . as we hear : radio announcer ( voice over , cont . ) ... source report that the hearst Empire be face some rocky time ahead as the press lord be face mount debt and shrink revenue due to over expansion and fiscal mismanagement that have result in ... the radio voice fade to silence . the silence continue but for the haunt echo of a lion roaring in the distance . then hearst hear the sound of footstep echoing on the tile . he look up . it be marion . she walk around the pool to he . without a word she hand he a check . it be make out to William randolph hearst in the amount of one million dollar and be sign marion Davies . a long pause . he look up at she , profoundly move . marion I start out as a gold - digger , ya know but goddamn if I do not fall in love with the guy . ext mayer' estate day a row of six shine limousine be line up in front of Mayor 's enormous house . the chauffeur stand together and chat . ext . mayer' estate . backyard mayer sit in the glorious back garden of he house . six other man be gather around he . mayer nod he head to each as we pan around the face mayer Mr. Zanuck ... Mr. Warner ... Mr. cohn Mr. Disney .. . Mr. goldwyn . . . Mr. selznick . a beat . thank you all for come . you get my memo . what do we do ? a beat jack warner he 's a fuck punk , why do hearst give a shit ? mayer it 's enough that he do SAM goldwyn would louella really do it ? mayer in a New York minute david 0 . selznick I say to hell with louella and to hell with hearst ! bring them on . we can take they . harry cohn we all do not make gone with the wind , ya know . some of we gotta look at this checkbook - wise . mayer who be not hurt already ? all this Jew talk and this Communist rumor . look , he 's boycot rko ad right now -- but how long before he take on warner or Fox or Columbia ? harry cohn goddamn right . a beat . mayer and if hearst go public with all this filthy private life stuff , Hollywood 's sink . he 's get we nail . date . Times . photograph for God 's sake . walt disney I do not mean to be funny , but what could he have on mickey mouse ? mayer he 's get you so tie in with J. Edgar Hoover and America first that you might as well put on a brown shirt and kiss that happy little kiddie so-long . david 0 . selznick ( suddenly ) have any of you actually see the movie ? a beat . david 0 . selznick I have . it 's probably the great motion picture ever make . nothing 's go to be the same after this . with this one movie he 's change the way we see -- jack warner who the fuck care ? david 0 . selznick I do . and so should all of you -- jack warner get off the soapbox -- selznick stand . david 0 . selznick I want no part of this . we should be march into George schaefer 's office and stand with he . he 's one of we ! mayer David - david 0 . selznick if I ever get into trouble I would like to think that you all would be with I -- not plan to stab I in the back like a bunch of ... a bunch of ... producer ! he storm off jack warner ( to mayer ) you son - in - law meshuaena . a pause . laughter a pause . disney ( nervously ) he 's get I and Hoover ? jack warner relax , Walt , at least he do not have you screwing snow White . I get fuck errol Flynn on my payroll ! SAM goldwyn ( to mayer ) you be a smart man , l.b . I suspect you would not have call we here without a plan . give over . mayer we will buy the movie and we will destroy it . mayer we will assemble a fund between we -- privately , ' not studio money -- we will assemble this fund and we will go to George schaefer and we will buy the negative and every print of citizen kane and we will burn they . a long pause mayer if I do not hear a objection to this agenda in the next five second I will assume the motion have carry . five second tick by as we focus on the titan of Hollywood mayer very well , my associate will be in touch to arrange payment . thank you for you time . int recording stage day kane composer Bernard Hermann again stand before the orchestra , he arm poise , wait to begin conduct . he be about to record some new music for the deep - focus thatcher / bernstein / kane scene from citizen kane . Welles sit nearby , supervise everything . Welles nod and on a movie screen the scene from kane begin and Hermann start conduct . the orchestra play . the music carry into and gradually fade during . int san simeon . assembly room day in a scene eerily reminiscent of the thatcher / bernstein / kane scene , marion sit in the extreme foreground , a man we do not know sit at middle distance at a desk and hearst stand far away . hearst have he back to they and stare out a window . the new man be mr . lewis , a tight banker from New York , 50' . he look over a thick legal document on the desk as he speak : lewis you will retain some editorial control over the remain newspaper but the actual ownership will go to the Conservation Committee and the bank . we will be immediately close 12 of the papers and the wire service . and we will be liquidate other asset as soon as possible . most of the land in Mexico as well as you collection of art and antiquity -- marion ( quietly ) Mr. hearst spend he life collect that art . lewis ( ignore she ) we have be in touch with gimbel in New York and they have agree to hold a special sale . they be give over a entire floor for the merchandise . you will have to go there in person to sign the bill of sale , by the way . hearst ( softly , not turn ) I will have to sell the animal . lewis and we do not know whether we will be able to retain the castle . the land have some capital and we might keep it on as a investment . maybe break it up into smaller unit for housing . a long pause hearst finally turn and walk to they . hearst ( to Lewis ) when will it come out ? when will the public know ? lewis we can not keep it a secret , sir . once we announce the gimbel sale and start liquidate the asset . marion ( pain ) this be you whole life . pop . do not do it . we will find another way .. a long beat as he look at she . then he quickly sign the document on the desk . he put down the pen and leave the room without a word int san simeon . stairway night marion sit nestle on a sweeping marble stairway weeping int nightclub . hollywood night a swank benefit dinner be in progress a band play a banner hang over the nightclub stage : children' milk fund benefit , 1940 we float through the elegant crowd and spy Louis B. mayer and louella ; Clark gable and carole lombard ; all manner of movie star and power broker . we also spy schaefer sit with mank and toland and a few other man and woman . the evening 's emcee take the stage emcee next up we have a real treat . it 's Orson Welles . now , during the rehearsal for the benefit tonight Orson banish everyone from the club so he could proceed in utmost secrecy . but you all know how Orson be ! laughter from the crowd emcee so , let give a big round of applause for Mr. Orson Welles and miss rita hayworth . polite applause as Welles bound to the stage with rita hayworth and the band begin to play a buoyant tune . schaefer practically drop he fork Welles be dress in a padded costume and make up in a way that can suggest no one but William randolph hearst . rita hayworth be dress in a manner mightily like marion Davies . louella glance to mayer , dagger . some know laughter from the audience . particularly mank a line of chorus girl hoof on and join Welles and rita hayworth as a row of harsh footlight snap on , give the scene a resemblance to the " Charlie kane " dance in citizen kane . and Welles launch into a jaunty song and dance version of " disgustingly rich " a almost unknown rodger and hart song ; ' . Welles have wickedly change some of the line . ' welle " I will buy everything I wear at sak . I will print gossip and I will call it fact rita hayworth " swear like a trooper , live in a stupor -- welle and rita hayworth " just disgustingly rich ! welle " I will make money and I will make it quick , start little war I think be slick . smother she in sables , like Betty grable 's -- just disgustingly rich . " I will build a castle , that will cost a passel . and as a resident , I will pan the president I will aspire , Higher and Higher . " I will get marry and I will buy a girl , so darn pretty that you head will swirl rita hayworth " swim in highball -- stew to the eyeball -- welle and rita hayworth " just disgustingly rich ! Welles , rita hayworth and the chorine do a nifty soft - shoe turn as schaefer turn to mank : schaefer ( seriously ) he truly do not care if he ever work again . mank yeah , be not it swell ? Welles and rita hayworth conclude they little dance break and Welles resume the song : welle " ev 'ry summer I will sail the sea , on my little yacht the normandie , Pet my little dachshund friend , kiss louella 's big rear end , just disgustingly rich . about here louella storm out . " I will eat salmon , I will play backgammon . turn breakfast into brunch , I will take Thomas ince to lunch I will aspire , Higher and Higher . about here Louis B mayer and a few other storm out . rita hayworth " he will be photograph with myrna loy , just to prove he be a glamour boy . welle " perfume and scent , slightly dement -- just disgustingly rich rita hayworth " I will get my caper , into he papers . hope he folly would lead I out to Hollywood . I will aspire , Higher and higher . about here schaefer bury he face in he hand welle and rita hayworth " in the funnyy and the valentine , we will be picture drink ballantine 's . dopey and screwy , vote for dewey . just disgustingly -- too , too disgustingly -- riiiiich ! " Welles and rita hayworth conclude the number with a big flourish . some applause mank stand and applaud loudly . laugh . Welles bow solemnly to mank ext nightclub following later that night , Welles be about to climb into he limousine outside the nightclub with rita hayworth when schaefer suddenly appear and grab he lapel . welle ( happily ) George - -! without a word , schaefer pull Welles roughly into a alley beside the nightclub . he slam Welles into the alley wall . schaefer ( brutally ) this be n ' t some kinda fuck game ! you know how many people rko employ ?! you know how many people depend on what we do for a live ?! welle I really think you be schaefer you wanna commit suicide , fine ! you get some death - wish , fine ! but you will not drag this company down with you ! welle it be a - joke , George schaefer slap Welles firmly across the face . Welles be stunne . schaefer there be no joke ! there be people make a live . there be food on the table ! schaefer glare at he and then rage off Welles straighten he suit and then , with a shaking hand , reach for a cigar . he try to laugh , but cannot . int schaefer' office . rko day schaefer sit at he desk , absolutely daze . speechless B. mayer sit across from he . schaefer where do this money come from ? beat mayer it come . mayer 800,000 dollar fully cover the production budget and a little more . Hell , George , you even make a profit on the deal . schaefer very generous mayer and we gotta be clear here . I need the negative and every exist print . schaefer to do what ? mayer that 's for I to decide . schaefer you be go to destroy it mayer no , maybe put it on the shelf until the old man kick it . schaefer you be lie to I . mayer we already make the same offer to the stockholder . schaefer be stunne . schaefer you talk to New York ? mayer yes schaefer you talk to Mr. swanbeck ? pause . mayer yes schaefer get out mayer you be bettin ' on a inside straight this time . you will never pull it off . schaefer get out . mayer stand and smile mayer this picture , George , it will just break you heart . mayer go . schaefer sit , smell defeat . we linger on schaefer as a haunt echo of " I can't get start " be hear . . . int / ext san simeon night we float through the estate as we hear the ghostly strain of Bunny berigan 's recording of " I can't get start . " it be a sad journey . by this time many of the ornate antiquity have be remove from the castle and it resemble Welles ' stark and dreary xanadu all the more . bunny berigan " I have fly around the world in a plane , I have settle revolution in Spain , and the North pole I have chart , still I can not get start with you ... we float past the private zoo , now empty , the cage hang open . we move past the tennis court , empty . bunny berigan " on the golf course I be under par , Metro goldwyn have ask I to star , I have get a house , a show place , still I can not get no place with you . we float into the castle itself and through the stripped - down screen room and the Assembly room and the great dining Hall . all be mere shadow of they past glory . bunny berigan " Cause you be so supreme , lyric I write of you , I dream , dream day and night of you and I scheme just for the sight of you , baby , what good do it do ...? we finally float into the ballroom a record of " I can't get start " spin forlornly on a turntable . and marion and hearst be have a quiet , poignant dance together in the middle of the empty ballroom . bunny berigan " I have be consult by Franklin D. greta garbo have have I to tea , still I be break heart Cause I can not get start with you . they finally stop dance and stand sway gently . then they stop sway . hearst ( gently ) ah , miss Davies , the time we have see she hold he closely as " I can't get start " conclude int chasen' restaurant . private room day Welles have book a private room at chasen' . a long banquet table contain can of sterno heating various dish . large photograph of the american West and renderings from the life of christ be scattered around other table . Welles wander around the renderings with Gregg toland and mank . Welles carry a plate of food and consume as : toland see , this be the great Salt Lake -- we do the baptism here . mank great scene where John the Baptist pull you head out of the water and say , " look up , and behold you destiny " welle be that from one of the Gospel ? mank kinda . schaefer enter . welle George ! enter and behold schaefer blink at the massive photo and renderings . welle you be not still mad at I , I hope schaefer no , we be jake . but listen - welle look , not a single scene shot in the studio ! we have find natural location for the whole story -- schaefer hold on a sec . I get news . we finally find somewhere to premiere kane but -- welle I tell you ! where ? grauman 's ? El capitan ? or do Radio City come crawl back ? schaefer the Palace in New York . but Orson there 's something else . Welles stop eat schaefer I think you better sit down welle ( evenly ) I do not want to sit beat . schaefer the boss -- the other studio -- they want to buy the film and destroy it . absolute silence pause schaefer they come to I with a offer . 800,000 for the negative and all the print . schaefer and they go to the stockholder in New York . mank ( quietly ) oh god. schaefer I be talk to swanbeck in New York and ... Orson , I think they be gonna take it a long pause as Welles look at schaefer Welles suddenly fling he plate of food in schaefer 's direction as he roar : welle you stupid , little man ! how could you have let this happen ?! I give you my soul and now you're go to sell it !? mank this be not George 's do --! Welles - rampage around the room welle I put my life into that picture -- everything I 've be -- everything I could be ---it' citizen kane ! - - it's all citizen kane ! and in a scream , bellow fury , Welles tear apart the room . in a scene sharply reminiscent of kane destroy Susan 's bedroom , Welles rampage around the room , upsetting table and smash everything in reach . Welles finally grab a flame can of sterno and fling it at schaefer , schaefer knock it away . then Welles stand in spend exhaustion , panting . one of he hand be bleed . he look at schaefer . a pause . then : welle let . . . I . . . talk to they . . . New York ... the stockholder give I one chance . and then you will never have to see I again . int . gimbel new york day the entire two - acre fifth floor of gimbel be in chaos a large banner be suspend at one end of the floor ; " the hearst Collection . " it be the first day of the sale and it be mobbed . hearst and marion , alone in a crowd , walk wordlessly through the mayhem . everywhere around they hundred of eager customer strike like hawk , snatching up useless junk and treasure antique . we see bit and piece of San simeon in the jumble they pass a man and he wife , hold up marion 's - bless this castle " sampler : man Old man hearst own this and I be get it for two bit I hearst and marion continue to walk , finally arrive at the section contain the true , expensive treasure . hearst watch as customer pick up and fondle he life . he glance at a frame front page of the San Francisco examiner . the date be March 4 , 1887 . in a large box on the page be : " it be the role of the PRESS to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable . william randolph hearst . publisher . " hearst I can not sell this . how much be they ask ? marion ( gently ) pop ... let it go . just ... let it go he look at she . a long moment . he tenderly touch she face . then : hearst yes , I think I shall . he take she hand and lead she away as we pull up and take in the entire fifth floor . it be a stun kane - like image of row and row of merchandise pile high . of junk and jewel . of Charles Foster kane and William randolph hearst . int HOTEL room . new york night Welles sit brood in he hotel room . his invincible energy appear go . he be deep in think , listlessly shuffle and reshuffling a deck of card in one hand . he aimlessly shuffles through the card and pluck one out . welle six of spade he glance at the card . it be the nine of heart . he shuffles through the card again and pull out another card . welle six of spade he look at the card . it be the two of club . his attention be now fully on the card . he shuffles they dramatically and snatch out a card . he look at it and then toss it away . he shuffles again , work the trick , again it fail . he toss another card away . he continue , ; ' more quickly , to attempt the trick . it fail again . and ' again . with a frighten moan Welles fling the entire deck away from he and bolt out of the room ... ext HOTEL rooftop night Welles emerge from a stairway on the roof of he hotel . he march to the edge of the roof and lean against a railing , gasp for air . everywhere below he the shimmer light of Manhattan twinkle and flash ; cab and neon and noise . the night sky above he be fill with star . he look away from the city and up to the star -- they captivate he fully . he stare and stare at the impossible chaos of beautiful light . a long moment as Welles gaze at the star . the city below and the noise seem to disappear and Welles stand , safe and at peace under the silent dome of star . the star be reflect in he huge , dark eye magically , the star in he eye give way to the vague shape of man sit around a table . Welles look at the man . welle today . we pull back to see we be at int rko board room . new york day Welles stand at the head of a long conference table . title : april 6 , 1941 around the table be gather a group of stern businessman schaefer be also present . Welles look at the man . and he speak . for once , he usual overwrought , theatrical tone be go . he speak simply . welle today a man from Germany invade Greece . he have already swallow Poland and Denmark and Norway and Belgium . he be bombing London as I speak . everywhere this man go he crush the life and the freedom of he subject . he sew yellow star onto they lapel . he take they voice . in this country we still have we voice . and we can sing with they . and we can argue with they . and we can be hear . because we be . . . for the moment . . . free . no one can tell we what to say or how to say it , can they ? we have no brown shirt thug here ruling we life , do we ? no one can take we voice , can they ? because we be free . I be one voice and that be all . my picture be one voice . Men be die in Europe now -- and Americans soon will be -- so that we can surmount the tyrant and the dictator . will you send a message across this country that one man can take away we voice ? so ... who be Mr. hearst and who be Mr. Welles ? Mr. hearst build a palace of brick and mortar and start little war and corpse pile high . I build a palace of illusion . my castle xanadu be a matte painting and camera trick . it 's nothing but . . . a dream . today you have a chance to let the dream triumph . for once . he gaze at they and then slowly walk out of the room int long hallway . new york day Welles sit quietly on a bench in a long hallway in a tall building . schaefer emerge from a office and go to he . he sit next to he . schaefer we open on May 1st . Welles slowly nod . schaefer Orson , what you say in there . do you mean it ? Welles look at he . welle do it matter ? they believe it he stand and begin walk away . schaefer Orson . Welles stop , not turn . schaefer yes . it matter . Welles continue down the hall int HOTEL . new york night title : april 30 , 1941 Welles be rush to catch a elevator as the door close he nip in at the last minute and punch he button . he turn . the elevator be desert but for one other person : William randolph hearst . Welles and hearst recognize each other instantly . as the elevator ascend the two man look at each other . a very long pause as we watch they face -- the young man and the old man -- both man of mad grandeur and malevolent passion and stun inspiration -- both man of incalculable achievement and measureless poignancy . finally : welle Mr. hearst , we have meet once before , my name be Orson Welles and I have get a movie open tomorrow night at the Palace . I would be pleased to get you ticket . a pause as hearst regards Welles . then hearst carefully reach over and press the stop button on the elevator . the elevator stop . a exceedingly quiet exchange : a beat . a pause . hearst I wonder . do you have any idea what you have do ? welle do you ? hearst intimately . for every sin you have place on my head I could give you a hundred other . I have be swim in blood my entire life . but I retain a belief , perhaps you will think it old fashioned , undoubtedly you will , but I believe that private life should not be public property . welle elegant word , sir , when you have make you name and you fortune on slander and innuendo and gossip . in you papers you teach the world how to look under every rock . I learn at the knee of the master . hearst so where do that leave we , Mr. Welles ? what kind of sad future be we two make ? a future where man will do anything to sell they newspaper and they movie ? a future where no price be too high for fame and power ? when we will all scratch each other to piece just to be hear ? can you truly envision such ... horror . hearst press the stop button again and the elevator begin to move . the door open on hearst 's floor and he leave the elevator . the door be about to shut on Welles when he lean forward ; and roar : welle charle foster kane would have accepted I the door shut on Welles and we remain with hearst as he slowly walk down the long hotel hallway . he walk with dignity . ext palace theater . new york night it be the premiere of citizen kane , at last . the Palace theater swarm with tuxedo and dress gowns as the elite of New York and Hollywood descend from limousine and slowly parade into the pack lobby . on the Palace marquee " orson welle " be spell out in enormous six foot tall electric letter . below that be " citizen kane " also in electric letter . above the marquee be a series of tower , flash neon Charles Foster kane and the word " it's terrific . " title ; may l , 1941 we float down and enter the crowded lobby with the patron ... int palace theater . lobby following we swirl with the throng of patron in the lobby as they file into the theater and finally find Welles and schaefer huddle together nervously in a corner of the lobby . they be studiously ignore and snubbe by all the movie people filter past . schaefer they be cut we dead , every goddamn one . they be ignore by a few more people beat welle it 's my birthday this week . I will be 26 . schaefer happy birthday . mank fight through the crowd mank monstro ! ran into walter winchell outside he want to play herod in the picture . hiya , George . schaefer herman . mank ( lighting a cigar ) so be not this just the bee 's knee ? the high muckey - muck dolled up all aztec-like for the human sacrifice . welle you gonna watch ? mank Hell , I know how it end . ( he call to a pass stranger ) hey , rosebud 's the sled ! welle mank ! mank face it , Orson , they be gonna hate it . I tell you , not enough closeup and too many scene with a bunch of New York actor . schaefer ( pain ) oh god. . . welle relax , George . it 's gonna go great . trust I . have I ever lie to you ? schaefer look at he for a moment schaefer you know something , Orson , you have not do anything but lie to I from the moment we meet . but , ya know , I would do it again in a second . welle it be fun , be not it ? schaefer ( quietly ) it be the best , kid welle so , on to the life of Christ ! schaefer without I . I be afraid . I get the axe this morning . mank shit welle George ... schaefer forget it . Cause you know something .. when I be a old coot play domino down in Miami Beach fifty year from now , I will say , " hey , you kid ever hear of a guy name randolph hearst ? " and they will say , " nope . never hear of he . " and then I will say , " hey , you ever hear of a picture call citizen kane ? " and they will have . that 's enough for I . pat Welles arm and go into the theater welle ( softly ) what have I do ? mank aw , cheer up , George will probably be run Fox by the morning . let 's get a drink . mank pull at Welles ' arm . welle but the picture ... mank stop and look at he deeply . mank ( quietly ) kid , you know how it end too . it end sadly . he pull Welles away from the theater and down the street . int . palace theater - night we watch the face in the flicker blue light we watch the audience as we hear Bernard Hermann 's evocative and haunt open music to citizen kane . we slowly move across a sea of face as the music play . for everyone , especially the movie people , what they be see be a revelation and a revolution . it be a whole new way of see the world . we see they amazement as they be mesmerize -- and they confusion as they be challenge . and we see George schaefer , quietly proud . Bernard Hermann 's open music continue to play until we finally hear ; " kane " " rosebud ... and the world of movie be forever change int deserted bar . new york night Welles and mank be sit in a rundown , desert bar welle you know , all this nightmare we go through with hearst . the whole thing ... and in the end , probably no one will ever remember the picture anyway . mank yeah , you be probably right . a beat . mank take a drink . mank I will tell ya something , kid . when you make you masterpiece at 26 it 's a bitch . I mean . where do you go from here ? a long pause then Welles speak , softly . welle will burn . burn up . burn out . but oh , what a flame he look at mank and toast . welle cheer . and Orson Welles smile . indomitable . the end .