Rev. 06/20/94 ( pink ) Rev. 06/21/94 ( yellow ) Rev. 06/22/94 ( Green ) Rev. 06/23/94 ( goldenrod ) Rev. 06/23/94 ( pm ) ( buff ) Rev. 06/24/94 ( salmon ) Rev. 06/24/94 pm ( cherry ) bad boy revise draft by doug richardson property of : Don Simpson / Jerry bruckheimer film revised draft ( Blue ) 500 S. bunea vista St. burbank , CA 91521 June 20 , 1994 bad boy fade in : 1 ext . miami landscape - night 1 the sun might be down , but the city be baking . wave of heat ascend into the sky while a unmark van navigate across the screen . 2 int . unmarked van - in motion - night 2 the driver be eddie dominguez . and riding in the passen - ger seat be a man dress in black , call fouchet . he look to the rear . fouchet what 's take so long back there ? CUT to : rear where the rest of the gang wait . noah , kuni , ferguson , and casper . all dress in black like fouchet , except for andy . he stand and show off he Miami PD uniform . his English be poor , yet he 's get a big , happy - to - be - along grin on he face . andy how do I look ? like the real thing , yeah ? fouchet step back and lemme get a good look at you . close shot - rear view mirror through which Eddie can watch the action . Andy step further to the rear , almost to the door , face the front . fouchet tell I again about you assignment , Andrew ? andy I be the decoy . fouchet right you be . over the seat fouchet reveal a shotgun . boom ! 2 . 3 ext . van in motion 3 Andy 's body be blow through the rear door as the van turn a corner . 4 int . van - fouchet 4 he dial 911 on he cellular phone . fouchet sound distress . fouchet please help ! I just see a policeman shot ! send help . hurry ! I be at the corner of ... 5 ext . near downtown - van - night 5 a stream of PD car haul past , light blaze and siren on full . 6 ext . colony HOTEL ( south beach ) - night 6 crowd move up and down Ocean Blvd . beautiful people walk . beautiful people watch . music blend from nightclub to nightclub . a police radio , holster to the hip of a street cop . it crackle with : police radio ( v.o. ) report of a officer down . be advise , all unit . corner of lennox and Taylor . slip by the street cop : intro marcus burnett and mike lowrey . they shimmy through the hotel door . a7 int . colony HOTEL - night a7 where the buff desk manager get off the phone to greet the effeminate pair . lowrey good evening . I be Mike -- burnett -- and I be Marcus . lowrey we be lookin ' for a couple of we Latin friend who check in a little while ago . you might remember they ? ( continued ) 3 . a7 continued : a7 burnett no chest hair . and packin' . desk manager I be sorry . but we guest list be private . lowrey oh , do not they say ? there 's go to be party ! it 's b.y.o.b.o. -- ( lean in close ) the b.o. stand for baby oil . burnett maybe you can come . get off after you get off ? all three of they laugh . desk manager well , now that you mention it . they be kinda cute . suite 202 . 7 int . colony HOTEL - stairwell - night 7 lowrey and burnett clip on they shield and unholster they gun . the pose be over . this be business . a8 int . colony HOTEL - suite 202 - night a8 on the table be two briefcase . each open . one contain cocaine . the other , cash . a pistol next to each . reveal the dealer . two young dominican seat across from the tv , get high , drink beer and laugh out loud at the Spanish language version of time traxx . then -- bang ! the door 's kick in and lowrey 's first through . burnett on backup . lowrey Police ! on the floor ! but the dealer split , roll out of they chair . one go leave and the other , right . CUT to : 4 . b8 bedroom b8 lowrey tackle the first dealer to the floor . a latina girl scream . lowrey unfortunately look and take a hard fist across the ear from the dealer . angere , lowrey swing he pistol up underneath the perp 's jaw and knock he through the bathroom door . lowrey cuff he to the sink . meanwhile ... back to : 8 live room 8 burnett 's in trouble . he 's still get he gun in hand . but the other dealer have he pin underneath the leg of a chair . burnett lowrey ! burnett stomp the bad guy 's instep . the guy buckle . burnett roll away and stand in front of a window , just in time to see the angry dominican head straight for he . a9 ext . colony HOTEL - continuous action a9 burnett and the other dealer come crash out onto the balcony , then over onto a awning , roll off onto some occupy cafe table . patron scatter . uniform cop move in to assist . 9 lowrey 9 appear soon after , walk down the hotel step , lead the latina in he cuff , and wear he jacket . burnett ( scrape , bruise , piss ) Nice backup . lowrey what ? we tilt up as police helicopter fly overhead . 10 ext . miami beach skyline - title sequence - night 10 as open title run and music pound -- we fly over the causeway , waterway and hotel that line the beach . something be happen in the balmy city as we cruise downtown and zero in on ... 5 . 11 ext . miami' oldest police station ( downtown ) - night 11 the helicopter roar low over the rooftop toward the causeway bridge . 12 ext . police station - rooftop - fouchet - night 12 as the helicopter pass over , he appear from behind a large exhaust port . casper , Ferguson , and noah behind he , all wear high - tech miner 's helmet with build - in radio headsets , and a array of high - tech tool . fouchet it 's time . the team cross the roof to a huge air conditioning unit . they climb inside , carry a six - foot-long metal case and what look like a black scuba tank . 13 int . AIR unit / shaft 13 though it 's windy and cramped in here , at least it 's cool . from a prone position , fouchet put on he night vision goggle and reveal a palm top computer . quickly he scroll through the labyrinthine schematics load onto the unit . tilt down to see the various duct . Endless . bottomless . but clearly , fouchet 's a man who know he way . 14 int . police station - series of shot - night 14 seemingly empty . from squad room to locker room to book . 15 int . evidence room - guard station 15 officer bill o'fee , 5as , read a magazine and drink coffee . video monitor in front of he show the different locker inside the evidence room . we see one room with stack upon stack of heroin . 16 in AIR unit 16 the team , attach to cable , slide into the building 's gut and disappear . static crackle : fouchet we be in . start the video . 6 . 17 ext . police station - alley - night 17 kuni find the conduit he 's look for , splice it , cut into it with a makita battery - power circular see , then attaches a handheld high - 8 video machine and start the video feed . the unit be strapped to the conduit . 18 int . guard station - night 18 the monitor flutter , then stabilize . turn the page , o' fee sugar he coffee . 19 int . trash chute room - night 19 a air vent smashes to the floor . two guy pull the metal case inside the room . 20 int . evidence room - heroin locker - night 20 bang ! another air conditioning vent grate crash to the floor . they headlight blaze , two man clamber into the cavernous room , fouchet along with casper . this be the special drug holding room : the lock cut like butter and the steel door be yank open . one hundred million dollar in heroin . each kilo brick be stamp with a distinctive octopus logo . fouchet ( into mic ) where 's deputy Dog ? ferguson ( v.o. ) ( over radio mic ) he make we . fouchet then do he , now ! 21 guard station 21 sure enough . as o' fee stand from he desk -- CUT to : 22 vent above 22 where Ferguson be wait with a air-power tranquil - izer gun . he cut loose a silent round that strike o' fee at the base of the neck . o' fee stop . but before he can think to reach back at what hit he , he knee buckle and he drop to the linoleum . out cold . 7 . 23 int . police station - quick shot - ferguson - night 23 one by one he move backwards through the various level of lock , torch each to look as if they would enter the evidence room from inside the PD station . meanwhile -- 24 trach chute room 24 noah remove what look like a flatten bobsle with large urethane wheel from the metal case and place it inside the air shaft . Ferguson attaches the black " scuba tank , " label " nitrous oxide , " to a valve . this be connect to a metal - case cable system that be piston - gun into the floor . CUT back to : 25 heroin locker 25 fouchet and casper move the stack of heroin , place they in the air duct on the bobsle . once they be do , we hear radio garble , then the sled be cable to the con - traption . a button be push -- and the sled be pull at breakneck speed through the duct . 26 ext . police station alley - night 26 bag after bag drop down the trash chute and tumble into a open-roofed van where the last of the gang , Eddie dominguez , wait with the engine running . 27 in AIR duct 27 the sled rocket by again -- whoosh -- load with more bag . 28 int . heroin locker 28 casper and fouchet throw the last of they gear down the chute and ride the sled out . 29 ext . / int . van - police station - alley 29 one ! two ! Three ! four ! they all land atop the bag . Eddie gun the van , which roll up the ramp and out the garage . ( continued ) 8 . 29 continued : 29 fouchet ( o.s. ) haul ass ! 30 ext . police station - alley - night 30 on the ledge the tape run out and recorder explode . piece scatter . 31 ext . STREET - night 31 the van drive off into the golden sunrise of Miami . title end . 32 ext . luxury high -rise ( coconut grove ) - morning 32 one of that expensive condo building on Brickell Avenue with a circular driveway and a uniform doorman . 33 int . condo - morning 33 camera track through expensive and trendy bachelor 's lair . State -of- the- art everything , gorgeous artwork . spectacular view . camera stall on -- a perma-plaque newspaper clipping with a photo depiction of lowrey and burnett in front of a giant pile of black heroin , thumb up to the camera . the headline read : miami PD record record heroin bust . 34 int . lowrey' bedroom - morning 34 where lowrey wake up in a king-size bed . the pain on he face and empty , scattered bottle tell we he 's nursing a world - class hangover . he sit up , carefully , hold he aching head . hear breathing , lowrey lift the sheet next to he . reveal the latina the one from the colony Hotel . he drop the sheet back over she head , reach over to he nightstand and grab a industrial - size bottle of excedrin . empty . he open the nightstand drawer , extract another bottle . empty . bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 9 . 35 int . bathroom 35 all marble and brass . lowrey open up he medicine cabinet . locate a new bottle of aspirin ... he suddenly realize that the shower be running . confused , he pull open the shower curtain slightly . from the back , it 's a incredible body , then she turn around and it 's -- the latina yes . the very same as the one he just see in bed . what ? latina twin ' Morning . lowrey close the curtain on she . frown at this impossibility . he step back into the doorway and peer over at he bed . yep , same face . twin ? lowrey ( shaking he head ) oh man ... he tear open the bottle of aspirin . chug-a-lug . 36 int . burnett house - bedroom - morning 36 burnett and he young wife , theresa , be jarre awake by the clock radio blaring on the night stand . theresa grope for radio , shut it off . burnett playfully grope for she . theresa Marcus , what be you do ? burnett we be always say we should spend more quality time together . well , I get the time ... and you get the quality ... she laugh . he kiss she . burnett I can remember when we use to do it every morning . theresa that be how we get a three bedroom house fill with little burnett . she crawl from bed . burnett be over a week since I have have some quality time ! bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 10 . 37 int . burnett' kitchen - morning 37 pandemonium . there 's the two-and -a-half - year - old , megan , who 's take bite of food and spitting it back out , look at it , then put it back in . six - year - old jill , who be play refrigerator magnet game on the fridge . and Marcus in the middle of it all , deftly side - step he eight - year - old boy , quincy , who appear on roller blade whizzing through with a hockey stick and ball . he body - check Jill against the ice box . jill Mom , quincy push I . quincy uncle Mike show I that move . theresa quincy , never - you-mind . and take that thing off in the house ! Jill , stop with the book and eat you breakfast . ( then , exasperate ) Marcus , why do I always have to discipline the kid ? you play bad cop for a second . alongside the kitchen screen door we see lowrey 's porsche roar to a stop in the driveway . burnett kid , knock it off ... or you momma 's gonna whoop you butt ! theresa laugh in spite of herself as the kid continue to fight . into this craziness enter Mike lowrey ... lowrey ah , family life . remind I why I stay single . jill &amp ; quincy uncle Mike ! uncle Mike ! lowrey hiya , kid . mornin ' , theresa . lowrey peck theresa on the cheek . she recoil . theresa do not kiss I , lowrey . I do not know where that lip be last night . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 11 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 quincy tell we some storey , uncle Mike . you know , the one about the stewardess ? theresa do not go tellin ' my son about you sleazy sex life ? lowrey I promise , theresa . I only tell you husband about my sleazy sex life . the telephone ring . theresa I do not want he know about it either ! give he idea . ( answer the phone ) hello ? oh , sure . which one of they do you want ? lowrey accept the phone from theresa and talk . lowrey you be live with lowrey . ( listen for a long beat ) ' scuse I , Captain . I think you mean to say , ' get the fuck down here , please ? ' burnett automatically pull on he jacket , hug the child as lowrey hang up . theresa not so fast . you be go to take the kid to school today , remember , hon ? I have a job interview ... lowrey roll he eye . 38 ext . burnett' house - morning 38 burnett 's follow lowrey and the kid out he front door when he neighbor , dick , accost he from across the hedge . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 12 . 38 continued : 38 dick hey , Marcus . do you know we get bust into again last night ? when be you gonna do something about this ? burnett hey , Dick . how many time I gotta tell you ? I do not work robbery . I be in narcotics . meanwhile , lowrey 's hold the car door open as the kid pile into the jump seat in the back . lowrey do not get you sticky finger all over my window ... and keep you foot off the seat , I just have the leather condition . the kid ignore he , gleefully continue to squirm around . before burnett can get into the car , theresa run out . theresa Marcus ... I need you to stop at save - more on the way home and pick up exactly what 's on the list . she hand burnett a long list . burnett oh , baby . damn . lowrey shake he head . a39 ext . miami p.d. - day a39 lowrey and burnett pull up in porsche . b39 int police station - hallway - day b39 lowrey and burnett walk . burnett twin ? lowrey if I be lyin ' I be dyin' . her sister come down and post the girl 's bail . and later ? man , talk about special effect . burnett what special effect ? bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm a12a . 39 int . narcotics squad room - continuous action 39 lowrey tell you later -- mornin ' , francine . where 's the smile ? ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/20/94 12a. 39 continued : 39 francine , a civilian employee of the narcotic unit . she 's get picture of she child park around she computer desktop . and though dowdy would be a compliment , she 's usually get a pleasant smile for the boy . except today ... francine evidence room . Howard 's wait for you . burnett you kid be lookin ' sharp , francine . she smile . 40 int . evidence room - day 40 burnett and lowrey know there 's big problem when , at the bottom of the stairwell , the first thing they see be a yellow police tape and fingerprint team dusting a torch lock . Problem be , the building be nothing but cop and it look as if the entire department be stomping all over the evidence room . ( continued ) 13 . 40 continued : 40 intro - sanchez and ruiz sanchez let 's see . there 's sleepy , grumpy , sneezy , happy , bashful ... now , who could we be missin ' ? ruiz could it be ... dopey ? both laugh hysterically , while : lowrey if it be not the leftover from Miami vice . fashion casualty , lose somewhere in the eighty . burnett and the woman really go for that . really , they do . as burnett and lowrey duck the tape , they note a very groggy o' fee over in the corner be attend by a paramedic team . he 's still out cold . a oh shit look pass between the two partner . 41 int . heroin locker - day 41 another torch lock note as burnett and lowrey enter with sanchez a Ruiz behind they . the room be emptied . Captain howard appear . he 's short , have a military haircut , and have a minor napoleon complex and a major in paranoia . howard Nice of you to roll in . and nothing particular be go on around here except , maybe , you dope be go . that 's right . the biggest dope bust in the history of this department up and walk out of this locker , along with maybe my job and the two of yours if we do not get the shit back . burnett this can not be happen . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/21/94 14 . 41 continued : 41 howard so here 's what we be gonna do . since it be originally you case , you two guy be on point . sanchez and Ruiz , you back they up with whatever they need . groan all around . lowrey so I guess we should start with the c.i.s and the perp from the original case . but hell if I know any dope dealer with the ball to pull this off . they be either dead or in the lock - up pend trial . burnett how 's o' fee ? sinclair ( o.s. ) oh , he will be just fine . from the side appear a cigar- chew Internal affair suit name sinclair . he circle close to burnett and lowrey , wave he cigar as he speak . howard name 's sinclair . Internal affair . he 's we new proctologist . sinclair you see , what 's get I confuse be , why risk leave a witness ? why not kill o' fee instead ? burnett because maybe this guy know if you kill a cop the whole department will get up he ass hard and fast . sinclair and who know that better than anybody else ? cops. burnett you be not sayin ' this be a inside job . cop would not pull this shit . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/21/94 15 . 41 continued : ( 2 ) 41 sinclair not just cop . narcotic cop . for example , the s.n.d . you have get access . you have get wherewithall . and most importantly , you have get the connection . who else would know how to unload a hundred million dollar worth of heroin ? lowrey hey , fuck you and you cheap , off - the-rack suit . howard enough . i.a. 's in it and there 's nothing we can do about it . if any of this leak , the shit 's gonna hit we biggest fan . remember he ? the mayor ? he create we and you can bet you job , boy , he will rip we into little cop piece . I figure we get seventy - two hour to find the dope and keep we job . lowrey nothing like a little old - fashioned incentive . close on burnett he walk to the center of the room and kneel to that four bolt hole in the floor . he finger the paraffin filler , then look above to the air conditioning grate . burnett what about the air conditioning ? howard so what about it ? burnett ( to lowrey ) what do you think ? lowrey I think you should go ahead , crawl up and give it a good look . burnett why I ? ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/21/94 15a. 41 continued : ( 3 ) 41 lowrey for one , it be you idea . two , while my suit 's fresh , you be dress for the occasion . burnett do not say nothin ' about my clothes . I pay for this . lowrey and I do not ? burnett not on a cop 's salary . 16 . 42 int . heroin locker - inside shaft - burnett 42 burnett crawl up with some help from lowrey below , stalling the oscillate fan with he cuff and crawl through . the first thing burnett notice be the track mark from the bobsle cut through a coating of dust . lowrey anything ? burnett yeah . I get some weird track mark in here . then burnett note a manufacturing stamp at the joint . it read : orona AIR contitioning system , inc . 43 int . heroin locker room - on howard 43 who appear from below , frame in the vent shaft . howard Nice and cool up there , burnett ? comfy ? maybe there 's a new career for you in building maintenance . 44 int . squad room - day 44 lowrey and burnett with they desk opposite each other . the camera circle while they lay the arm on some informant . burnett there 's gonna be a lotta cash when the dope hit the street . we want you to put the word out through you bank and hustle the account . you help we , maybe we can see about get that r.t.c. auditor off you ass . lowrey listen , cedras . you and I both know you be the number one importer for the simona Brothers . and I be tellin ' you there 's a buttload of h on the move and someone 's gonna wanna stick they dick in it . so it better not be yours . you hear something ? you call we . you hear nada ? you better get the fuck outta town . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 17 . 45 int . unmarked car - day 45 lowrey 's drive , no seatbelt , do he usual speed - weaving . burnett 's hang onto the handle above the door . burnett not a fuck lead . so now that we have do the obvious , we need a shortcut . lowrey okay . so we talk to Max . burnett huh uh . not this time . I be tired of you work pussy into everything we do . lowrey you get a better idea ? a46 ext . congress gym - establishing - day a46 lowrey and burnett arrive in the unmark car . 46 int . congress gym - day 46 once -colorful stucco , fade and crumble . scrappy Cuban fighter spar and work out on the aging equipment while , at the same time , a remarkable amount of amazing - look woman work out on weight bag , shadow box with trainer . curve and sweat , any way you look . burnett and lowrey enter . and while lowrey cruise amongst the sweaty flesh as if it be a day in the park , burnett lag . maybe he have be marry too long . close on max logan she 's do sit-up on a incline bench . she notice lowrey . max hi , Mike . you come to work - out ? lowrey raincheck , darlin' . gotta talk . anyplace we can go ? ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 18. 46 continued : 46 max equipment room . hiya , Marcus . how 's you wife ? burnett huh ? max that 's what I think . 47 int . equipment room - day 47 this room be not enclose . it 's wall by wire mesh . private enough , though . Max shut the door . lowrey sorry to come around only when I need something . max forget about it . I owe you the rest of my life , Mike . lowrey just give she a " oh please " look . max do not be lookin ' at I like I be get all sentimental . lowrey hey , I do not open my mouth . listen , there 's some major , major ill shit happen down at the p.d. lotta heroin involved . there 's gonna be a lotta cash involved , too . gonna be some happy motherfucker around that wanna party . max so you want I to check around ? lowrey just make a coupla call . see what 's what . do not be doin ' no wild shit . just call I if you hear something . 48 int . boxing gym - day 48 burnett be surround by beautiful , sweaty woman . one of they be a fabulous black woman with leg so long and tone , they be not just leg , they be weapon . burnett can not help but stare . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 19 . 48 continued : 48 black woman who 's Max 's friend ? burnett a cop . black woman oooh . I love cop . the other girl be suddenly interested , too . burnett swallow and ... burnett you know ? I be a cop . I shot somebody just last week . do not kill he , just shot he in the ass . Stone cold look from they all . they walk away with burnett give a " what do I say " look . lowrey appear . lowrey you know , that be really smooth . think you could do that again ? ( as they start walk ) ohh . I will tell you , when the wife get meaner , the grass get greener . burnett Green be not the color I be thinkin ' of . more of a coco puff . just real shiny , thick ... 49 ext . boxing gym 49 as they head toward they car , burnett 's beeper sound . he switch it off . burnett damn ! the woman 's get fuckin ' radar on my ass . sense I lookin ' at another woman . Bet she want I to pick up huggies ' stead of that baby garanimal that they wear . lowrey I do not think anybody could be that marry . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 19a . 50 int . unmarked police car - in motion - day 50 burnett drive cautiously while both he and lowrey bob to Ice - T 's " cop killer . " they get a kick out of the song . lowrey ( comply ) Miami 's the perfect town for you , burnett . you drive like a one - hundred - seven - year - old lady with she turn signal on . burnett and I plan on live to be old just like them . rubbin ' Ben Gay on my joint and everythin' . a old guy pass they even though he car be pull a airstream camper behind it . lowrey can not believe it . lowrey you gonna let every old motherfucker pass you ? or just the one with big - ass trailer draggin ' behind ? a-c-c-el -er-ate . burnett I do not have a death wish like you . I get a family that count on I . a mortgage to pay . and I be not sayin ' it 's I , but most of the guy in the station think you be some rich kid playin ' cop . lowrey who say that ? burnett mumble a answer . lowrey if somebody 's talk about I , I wanna know ... man , I be so sick of this . I do not apologize for nothing I do . I get up early and take it to the max every day . I be always the first guy through the door . and the last guy to leave a crime scene . so fuck them all . I could give a shit what that boot lickin ' , brown - nosin ' , ass kissin ' motherfucker think of Mike lowrey . what can burnett say to all that , but ... ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 20 . 50 continued : 50 burnett I love you , man . he let loose a big grin . lowrey oh , fuck you , Marcus . the radio crackle . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) two -one ? I get that address for you on the air conditioning company . oh , and theresa call , she add something to you grocer list : muppet toothpaste . bubble gum flavor . she say quincy do not like mint . lowrey roll he eye , glance at burnett , who 's embarrassed . lowrey yeah . Roger that . gimme the address . dispatcher ( v.o. ) orona 's be work out of he house . he 's at ... 51 ext . key biscayne estate - establishing - day 51 burnett and lowrey step from they unmark car and start up the step to this stony , estate-sized house . lowrey the air conditioning business have be good to orona . lowrey ring the bell . they wait . no answer . burnett well , we can leave a note or we can break and enter -- lowrey wait . hear that ? I think I hear orona beat he wife . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 21 . 52 int . estate - rear door 52 lowrey kick the door in . lowrey uh oh . no alarm . burnett aw , man . do you cut one ? lowrey no , man . musta be you . burnett not I . lowrey and burnett look at each other and draw gun . lowrey and burnett Dead guy . 53 int . orona' den - day 53 the door be unlock and swing open easily to reveal lowrey and burnett in a instant , repulse reaction to orona 's body which sit upright in he office chair , the body grotesque and bloat . lowrey now what ? a sicken burnett go over to the body , speak to orona as if he be alive . burnett where be the drug ? ( no answer ) where ... be ... the ... drug ? ( shrug ) he be not sayin ' nothin' . he must be guilty of somethin' . meanwhile , lowrey 's get no problem with the dead body . he try open a desk drawer , but orona 's rigor mortis - stiffen knee be in the way . so lowrey give it a shove and the chair swivel . orona 's dead arm sweep the lamp off the desk . burnett whoa . watch where you be swinging they dead arm , orona . you be gonna fuck up you own crime scene . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 22 . 53 continued : 53 lowrey brave the body and gingerly poke around he pocket . burnett watch what you touch . that 's evidence . burnett not touch . browsing ... Mr. orona . you have get the right to remain silent . anything you say will surprise the shit out of we . burnett anything ? lowrey ( find small notepad ) jai-alai . Dog track . lotta booky . phone number . burnett lemme guess . guy do the air conditioning contract for the p.d . he would have the plan . lowrey he trade the plan for he paper and get pop by the perp . burnett Works for I . now can we go ? I be gonna puke . 54 ext . lois field be manor - sunset 54 a Palm Beach style antique . 55 int . lois field be manor - sunset 55 as antique as the exterior . well - tend . lot of pot fern amongst rattan and craftsman era furniture . enter -- lois matronly , in she flower dress and bare foot , she carry a tea tray toward the kitchen . Max be follow . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 23 . 55 continued : ( A1 ) 55 max please , lois . make some call . that 's all . I be look for a party with fresh cash . lois I be not do any favor for Mike lowrey . max then call it a favor for I . please ? lois okay , then . I will make the call . but you have to talk to Julie . max I will talk to she but she 's not into it . lois all you have to say be that she will be get pay for what she already do for free . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/21/94 24 . 55 continued : 55 max and she will say , ' there 's one big difference . I do it for fun . I do not ever have to blow anyone I do not like . ' CUT to : 56 front door 56 it swing open to reveal julie mott , 24 , just as beautiful as Max and dress to be undress . she drop one of that big , model 's shoulder bag to the floor and gaze curiously back at lois and Max . her ear be burn . julie okay . so what would I miss ? a57 ext . biltmore HOTEL ( miami beach ) - magic hour a57 the hotel bustles with activity . cab pull up . doormen . bellhops . Rich people . 57 ext . biltmore HOTEL - courtyard - dusk 57 as Max and Julie walk through ... max George ? julie bad mood after a bad round of golf ... I have blonde hair , then . max what about ronny ? julie sex addict . Coke addict . redhead . max you be a redhead ? julie only for two day . it be not even a phase . max okay . mark. ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/21/94 25 . 57 continued : 57 julie oooh . bad loser and bad , bad blonde . farrah , frost kinda big bad blonde . oooh . Max laugh . julie but that 's my point . I remember my hair phase more than I remember the man . ( playful , sarcastic ) so , a party in a biltmore Hotel suite ? yeah , that will really rock . max it 's a favor for a friend . if it suck after a half -hour , we will split and head to South Beach . julie a favor ? max you know , my friend Mike lowrey . julie ( roll she eye ) Mike lowrey . not again . will you just have sex with the man and get it over with . max he 's just a friend . julie yeah , right . you be in love . max it 's never gonna happen . I be great at turn lover into friend . but turn friend into lover , I can not do . julie well , I do not date cop . they never have enough money and they be always too tired to screw . max well , I have tell you before , my Mike be not like that . if I be in real trouble , Mike lowrey be the only person I would call . bad boy - Rev. 6/21/94 25a . 58 omitted 58 59 int . biltmore HOTEL - al capone's suite - dusk 59 upon arrival , the door be open to Max and Julie by Eddie dominguez , instantly recognizeable from the heist . Eddie 's pour champagne into a glass . eddie Max , my little carina . it 's be a long time . and who 's you friend ? max Eddie . Julie . Julie size he up . good taste . his suit . bad taste . his personality . eddie come on , Julie . come in , Max . welcome to the Al capone suite . thev be step into a grand , opulent suite . High arched ceiling . magnificent antique furniture . killer view . no party guest . eddie I be not kid . capone have the place fix up with secret passage and hide stairway . can you dig it ? people be actually kill within this wall . he 's move behind they and reveal a conceal staircase that rise into darkness . close on julie not happy . stuck at the biltmore with a scarface wannabe . she look over at Max . let 's get outta here . julie Excuse I ? I need to use the bathroom . Julie cross to the bathroom . eddie wow , maxi . I think you drop off the edge of the earth and die . either that or you move to California . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/21/94 25b. 59 continued : ( A1 ) 59 max so , Eddie . look like we be way too early . how 's about we come back later ? ( continued ) 26 . 59 continued : 59 eddie no . do not go yet . we can party . just we three . look at what Eddie 's get to play with . from underneath the couch Eddie reveal a single key of heroin . Max try to hide the recognition that she just hit paydirt on the very first try . 60 int . bathroom - julie 60 where she 's silently cursing Max for get she into this lame - ass party when she hear muffled voice outside the bathroom . instinctively , Julie peer through the louver shade . 61 julie' Pov - through shade 61 she see Eddie open the door to fouchet . casper and noah follow he inside . CUT back to : 62 int . al capone suite 62 Eddie be instantly nervous in the presence of fouchet . fouchet who 's the girl , Eddie ? eddie just a hooker -- max my name 's max. ( outstretch hand ) I be just a friend . fouchet I could use a friend who look like you . turn around . lemme get a good look . Max try to size this man , then choose to submit . she do she best model 's turn . slowly give he a view of the rear when -- fouchet draw a pistol -- bam bam !! Max tumble forward and crash through a glass table . 27 . 63 int . bathroom - julie 63 instant horror . Julie see Max kill and retreat to the opposite side of the bathroom in total fright . CUT back to : 64 int . capone suite 64 now , fouchet swing the gun onto Eddie . fouchet you be a fuck idiot . hooker talk . now , be that my dope ? eddie ( freak ) we dope ... that be the deal , yeah ? right . until we get the money -- bam ! fouchet shoot Eddie in the knee . Eddie scream ! eddie you fucker ... fucker fucker fucker !!! fouchet I have four more day until I make the deal . when it 's do you get you money . now , what part do not you understand ? eddie hey , man . you need I . fouchet I do not need anybody . I get three little angel look over my shoulder . reverse shot - eddie' chair fouchet unload three more shot . bam bam bam !!! blood spatter onto casper . casper aw , man . you get blood on my new suit . fouchet ever hear of dry clean ? now , shut the fuck up , check for the rest of my dope . 28 . 65 int . bathroom - julie 65 half - panicked , half - try to keep she head . there 's no way out of the bathroom . all she can do be switch off the light . and now she see casper 's shadow as he approach . close on doorknob as it turn . Julie suddenly reach for it and pull open the door with a surge . casper stumble in , he face hit the hard tile with a crunch . 66 int . capone suite - julie 66 make she move , she haul as fast as she can across the room . aiming for that secret fireplace door . fouchet wheel with he pistol , unload the clip . bullet be catch up , rip up the couch and the rest of the suite . Julie dive right into the secret door . 67 int . secret passageway - same time 67 Dark . twist . we move with Julie as she race through it , heart in she throat . she come upon some old metal stair , a sliver of light at the top , and clamber up ... 68 ext . bell tower - night 68 High atop the biltmore , this be where the passageway lead out to . a door fly open and Julie appear . panicked . wind whipping all around she . a bird fly by , startling she . hear the approaching thug , Julie sprint as best she can across the Spanish -tile roof . turn to see -- 69 ext . bell tower - night 69 noah and casper appear in the Bell Tower . noah scan the roof , take aim and fire , but he 's too far away -- and Julie disappear behind a rise in the roof . 70 ext . biltmore - rooftop - julie - night 70 she step towards the edge of the roof . quickly peer over . a huge swim pool , five storey down . ( continued ) 29 . 70 continued : 70 she weigh the option . jump or die . noah and casper as they try run across the harsh -tile roof ... casper now look . my fuckin ' shoe . my fuckin' italian shoe ! then Julie pray silently , take a run start and leap from the roof . slow -motion as Julie fly through the air like some glamorous angel . 71 ext . biltmore pool - underwater - night 71 as Julie break the surface with a huge splash . the water swirl as she aching body struggle to the surface . 72 ext . biltmore pool - surface - night 72 Julie break water like a dolphin , gasp for breath . she 's daze and confuse , but alive -- for the moment . 73 int . al capone suite - night 73 fouchet reach down and pick up Max 's purse , then flick it across the room to the defeat pair of casper and noah . fouchet she 's a hooker . find out who she work for . find out where she life . 74 ext . biltmore HOTEL - half -hour later 74 several police car , a ambulance and a coroner 's van be now park in front , the lobby awash in strobing red and blue light . camera pan past the crime scene personnel to find burnett and lowrey pull up to the scene . they get out and thread they way through the grow chaos . 75 int . biltmore - al capone suite - night 75 the place be a mess . homicide detective be already on the scene , draw chalk circle around casing on the floor . ( continued ) 30 . 75 continued : 75 on the far side of the commotion , the two body have be photograph and be cover . Chief Howard be confer with a technician who 's dusting for print . burnett and lowrey enter . but sanchez and Ruiz be already on the scene . ruiz you guy watch where you be walk or you will fuck up the crime scene . burnett look like you be already do that . burnett 's quick to point out the trail of bloody foot - print Ruiz just track across the carpet . close on champagne glass which Julie leave on the fireplace mantel . lowrey 's quick to note the two separate shade of lipstick . howard two dead . a hood register as Eddie dominguez and some Jane doe . but the table over there 's cover in high - grade dope . sound familiar ? lowrey I think we get we a witness . over here I get two different shade of lipstick on one champagne glass . meanwhile -- burnett he drop the sheet on Eddie 's body , then move over to Max 's . he do not know it 's she until -- burnett Jesus , no ... lowrey whatcha get ? ( continued ) 31 . 75 continued : ( 2 ) 75 burnett drop the sheet , turn and put a protective shoulder between lowrey and the body . lowrey what ? who be it ? lowrey instintively push past he partner and kneel at the body . he pull back the sheet . right now he could kill the shooter , then himself . in that order . lowrey 's eye well up . lowrey I shoulda tell you to be careful . 76 int . biltmore HOTEL - lobby - night 76 the elevator door open and out step burnett and lowrey into a lobby full of cop . lowrey go straight to the front desk . lowrey Eddie dominguez . I want he phone call . he flash a badge . HOTEL clerk you pay the bill you can see he phone call . lowrey I be sorry . maybe I be not polite enough . with a flash right jab , lowrey pop the snooty clerk . after the clerk find he foot , eye peer over the counter ... burnett I would not fuck with he right now . 77 ext . biltmore HOTEL - night 77 walk down the step toward they car , lowrey pass the phone sheet off to burnett . ( continued ) 32 . 77 continued : 77 lowrey Three call to lois field . I be go to stop by she place and tell she a bedtime story . you can catch a ride with Howard . lowrey jump in the car . burnett uh oh ... alright , you check out lois , then check in -- 78 int . lois field be manor - master suite - night 78 replete with balcony and billowy curtain , the old - style madame lois field sit up on she bed cover in pillow and exotic stuff animal . she thumb a old , leather - bound looseleaf binder full of modeling photo and resume . lois field I be sorry , Jimmy . but you can not have she . shelly only model and that 's all ... that 's right . like I always say , some girl do , some girl do not , and the rest you can not afford -- ( line cut out ) hello ? Jimmy ... Jimmy ? suddenly , the power be cut . 79 int . lois field be manor - front door - night 79 crash ! the front door break down . noah appear . 80 ext . lois field be manor - night 80 lowrey park the porsche . 81 int . lois field be manor - night 81 the door be open and the deadbolt look smashed with something heavy like a sledgehammer . lowrey pull a radio with one hand and he pistol with the other . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 33 . 81 continued : 81 lowrey ( into mic ) this be twenty - one two . I be gonna need back - up at 614 reach Road . lowrey ease inside the darkness of the doorway . he check the light , but the power be off . slip the radio into he coat pocket , he return with a mini - flashlight and begin to clear a path , doorway by doorway , then move up a wide stairwell . 82 int . miami PD - squad room - night 82 Howard be sit at the edge of the desk while burnett be on the phone with theresa . howard do you check parole ? how about f.b.i. or d.e.a .? they be suppose to be compliant with we request ? and where the hell 's lowrey ? burnett ( hand over phone ) follow this lois field lead . I just page he . howard the madame ? what 's it with this guy ? it 's always girl , girl , girl . burnett ( as theresa scream ) no , theresa ... no , he be not talk about you . 83 int . lois field be manor - upstair - night 83 moving through the door of the master suite where a light breeze blow through balcony of sheer curtain , lowrey turn ever - so- slowly with he flashlight follow a beat behind . the beam come to rest on a bludgeon body lay on the bed amongst huge pillow and exotic stuff animal . the telephone cord be wrap around she neck . lowrey 's closer inspection reveal -- ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 34 . 83 continued : 83 lois' client book where a obvious page and photo have be rip out . Julie 's . lowrey go for the phone . pick it up with he handkerchief . no dial tone . so he drop the receiver and head out of the room . but just as he reach the doorway -- suddenly -- lowrey 's beeper sound . he jump . reaches down to switch it off when -- from out of that billow curtain -- noah ! sledgehammer in hand , he swing at lowrey , who instinc - tively block and duck as the hammer miss and crush the bannister railing . it give under lowrey 's weight , who reach over and trap the sledgehammer , only to find one of noah 's hammy fist batter he behind the ear until -- the rail finally give way . lowrey fall and crash onto a craftsman table cover in antique picture frame . it collapse underneath he . then -- close on lowrey' radio laying next to he . it squawks loudly ... back - up cop ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) pull up now , twenty - one -two . give we you twenty in the residence ... twenty -one-two . do you copy . twenty-one-two ... the camera lift to reveal that noah have vanish . 84 int . miami PD - squad room - night 84 Howard can not believe he ear . be every cop 's wife such a pain in the ... burnett theresa , I know it be my idea . I know I be the one who want a little quality time . it 's just that this can not wait . can not I just wake you up when I get home ? ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 35 . 84 continued : 84 lowrey 's phone ring . but Howard 's close so he pick it up . howard it 's about fuckin ' time . ( answer ) Howard here . intercut with : 85 int . julie' apartment - julie 85 this small place be a typical , party girl pit stop . very little furniture , but closet overflow with clothes . magazine , beer bottle , unmade bed . wet and frighten , Julie scurries around with a cordless phone at she ear , lock all the door and window . julie I need to talk to detective lowrey ! howard he 's not here . how can I help you ? julie you can get I detective lowrey ! howard this be not another paternity case , be it ? julie no . it 's another murder case . howard do this happen at the biltmore Hotel ? julie listen ! I just see my best friend murder . I be soaking wet . I be alone , I be scared and I will only talk to Mike lowrey ! howard do not hang up . lemme find he . ( hand over phone ) page lowrey . find out where he be ! burnett theresa . I gotta go . burnett hang up and redial lowrey 's pager . bad boy - Rev. 6/21/94 35a . 86 ext . lois field be manor - night 86 lowrey , batter and barely conscious , be load into a ambulance . his beeper sound . 87 int . julie' apartment - julie 87 she 's so frustrated she 's about to hang up . ( continued ) 36 . 87 continued : 87 julie I do not want to come downtown ! I do not want police protection ! if you can not gimme detective lowrey I be just gonna blow town ! intercut with : 88 int . squad room - howard and burnett 88 howard do not leave town . please , and do not hang up . I have get lowrey right here . he just walk in . ( hold the phone to burnett ) be lowrey . burnett I can not be lowrey . howard shut up and listen ! she will only talk to lowrey . she say she 's we witness . that mean she 's we only link to the dope , not to mention my pension plan , so get on the phone . burnett accept the phone . Hand over the receiver , he do a quick lowrey impression that start as lame and end pretty damn convincing . burnett yo , you be live with lowrey ... ( then into phone ) yo , you be live with lowrey . 89 ext . residential STREET - night 89 burnett 's volvo turn onto the block . he pull over on the opposite side of the street and park , he car blend in with other in the residential neighborhood . he get out , cross to the lobby of she building . 90 ext . julie' apartment - night 90 burnett knock on the door . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 pm 37 . 90 continued : 90 he notice he gold wedding band , hastily remove it . just as he drop it into he jacket pocket -- julie ( o.s. ) who 's there ? burnett Mike lowrey . intercut with : 91 int . julie' apartment 91 she stand on the other side of the door with a baseball bat , cocked and ready to fly . julie how do I know it 's detective lowrey ? burnett ... ' cuz I be Mike lowrey . I be a cop . wanna see my badge ? julie yes ! I wanna see it now ! I be not let you through the fuck door until I do . hold it up to the peephole ! burnett show he shield . hold it up to the peephole . julie anybody can get one of that . burnett ( annoyed ) hey , lady . you call I , remember ...? ' on the mike with Mike . ' after a beat , the door swing ajar . 92 int . julie' apartment - continuous action 92 but as burnett enter the house , all he notice be that two dog start yapping hysterically . he can not see she . but she can see he . from behind the door , she come out swinging a bat . burnett duck and Julie smashes the hat stand instead . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 pm 37a . 92 continued : 92 burnett what the fuck be that for ? julie you be not Mike lowrey ! burnett what do you mean I be not Mike lowrey ? you never even meet he ! me. julie the way Max describe you be different . burnett I be undercover . she do not believe he and swing the bat . burnett okay . I be way undercover . julie prove it ! burnett I know she from way back . from time to time , you know ... we would get together . mess around , you know ? julie wrong. Julie swing for real , nearly take burnett 's head off . burnett okay . okay . so I exaggerated . it 's a man thing . she swing again , but he 's have enough , he move quickly , catch the bat with he hand and rip it away from she . burnett you know what ? you do not wanna believe I ? that 's fine with I ! go it alone . burnett head toward the open door . Julie 's veneer drop as she shrink to the floor . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 pm 38 . 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 julie I see it all ... I watch he shoot she . like she be nothing . ( try to hold it together ) please shut the door . burnett you do not get any more golf club or bat , do you ? nothin ' that you can swing at I , do you ? she shake she head . he carefully step forward . burnett then lemme introduce myself . I be Mike lowrey . and I be here to help you . julie you be not what I expect . burnett yeah , well neither be you . you swing like Barry bond . burnett nod and cross over to help Julie to she foot . burnett alright . look here , I need to know if you have call anybody . or if you tell anybody else where you be ? julie no. nobody . burnett good . you get a back door ? Julie nod , scoops up one of she dog and grab another modeling bag off the table . julie where be we go ? ( as she stuff the dog into the tote ) Duke ! ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 pm 39 . 92 continued : ( 3 ) 92 burnett protective custody . julie ( pull away ) whoa ! fuck that . I will only deal with you . otherwise , I will take my chance . burnett 's get a " not again " look on he face when -- kuh - boom ! a shotgun blast blow the front door open . clutch the bag , Julie race around the live room . burnett let 's go ! julie luke ?! where 's my other dog ?! burnett fuck the dog ! burnett see the second dog cower in the corner . so he lunge over , scoops the dog up . CUT to : 93 omitted 93 94 front door 94 as the remain part be kick in from the outside . it 's casper , noah and kuni ! burnett and julie Racing through the apartment toward the back door , burnett wheel with the gun and fire just as kuni round a corner with the shotgun . the room erupt with plaster spray and noise . Julie shriek , and burnett shove she through the back door , then spin and fire . kuni tumble and die from multiple hit . 95 ext . julie' back door - continuous action 95 Julie lead he down a metal stairway . bullet ricochet leave and right . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 pm 40 . a96 ext . alley beside julie' apartment - continuous action a96 follow burnett and Julie as they race through the grungy alley to he station wagon -- 96 ext . outdoor cafe - continuous action 96 the cafe be between Julie 's front door and the volvo . casper appear , firing he gun . people scatter and scream . bullet rip all about . CUT to : volvo burnett start the engine and lurch out into the street . 97 noah's Pov 97 the plate on burnett 's volvo . 98 int . volvo - in motion 98 one dog start to bark . burnett Fine time to bark . where be you when they be comin ' up the walk ? ( beat ) shit . Bet they get a look at my license plate . if you see he again , would you remember the guy who shot Max ? julie all I remember be one of they have really bad hair . where be we go ? burnett I tell you , I be put you into protective custody ... julie ( cut he off ) no way . listen , no offense , but I do not trust anybody . burnett yeah . I notice . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 pm 40a . 98 continued : ( A1 ) 98 julie believe I , it 's not a new thing . especially when my life be at stake . I read the newspaper you know , people disappear all the time . burnett ( exasperate again ) Fine . so what do you want to do ? where will you feel safe ? julie I do not really think about it . I guess it 's you place or a plane ticket . you place be cheaper . so you choose . burnett my place ? okay , good . no , wait . my place be wrong . ( continued ) 42 . 98 continued : 98 julie wrong ? burnett I mean right . as in good . my place be good . we will go there first . ( confirm ) my place . 99 ext . lowrey' build - night 99 burnett 's volvo pull into the circular driveway of oceanview Terrace . 100 int . volvo - continuous action 100 burnett wait here . 101 int . lobby - night 101 burnett walk over to chet , the doorman , a shifty little guy who 's always get he hand out . he 's sit on a fold chair read penthouse Forum . chet detective burnett ... Mr. lowrey be out ... burnett he tell I I could use the place tonight ... chet do not mention it to I . Chet hold out he hand . burnett slip he ten . Chet sneak a peek over at the car , see Julie put on lipstick . chet say . how 's that Mrs. burnett ? burnett realize this be go to cost he more . give he another ten . but for Chet it 's still not enough . chet you child good ? Mr. lowrey say you get a regular baby factory goin ' over there . ( continued ) 43 . 101 continued : 101 burnett ( all he money ) here . and if that 's not enough , I be gonna run you in for extortion . chet now that I think about it , Mr. lowrey do mention something about give you the key . 102 int . lowrey' condo - night 102 the door open , burnett grope awkwardly in the dark for the light switch . finally find it . burnett I forget I have that switch move . welcome to casa del lowrey . Julie enter , look leave and right , cautious but impressed by the stylish dig . julie Nice ... very nice . all this on a cop 's salary ? burnett I uh ... I invest . julie right . what be you last pick ? a horse in the number two race at pimlico ? or do a bookie give you a inside tip . close on wine rack which Julie run she hand across label . all french . burnett -- my father invest ... listen . you must be tired -- julie I will ask you this only once , Mike . be you on the take ? and if you say no and I discover you be lie to I , I will walk . be we clear ? ( continued ) 44 . 102 continued : 102 burnett Fair enough . I be not on the take . satisfied ? good. so ... why do not you make yourself at home ? here 's the t.v. remote . watch yourself some ' gilligan 's Island ' rerun or somethin' . Hit " on " button . instead of tv , the room immediately become a seduction de : light dim , romantic music . burnett heh -- all this damn thing look alike . ( switch it off ) well , gotta run ... there 's probably a couple of good steak in the fridge for the dog . help yourself to whatever . ( start to go ) I will check on you in the morning . julie where be you go ? burnett uh , back to the p.d . I get paperwork back on my desk to go through that 's about this high . ( to he armpit ) and now there 's you , so that make it this high . to he neck . julie you mean , you be go to leave I alone ? in you place . with all you stuff ? burnett why should not I ? be you a thief or a vandal ? julie of course not . and I be not a call girl , either . burnett I do not ask . julie I know you do not . I just think you should know . ( continued ) 45 . 102 continued : ( 2 ) 102 burnett okay . important lesson . Julie 's not a call girl . can I go now ? julie just one more thing . Julie step forward and wrap she arm around burnett . it 's a one - way hug . uncomfortable , burnett do not reciprocate other than a palsy pat on the back . julie thank you . for everything . burnett do not mention it . burnett try to break toward the door when the phone ring . burnett stare at the phone , not know what to do . julie be not you go to -- lowrey' machine ( v.o. ) hi. you be live with lowrey . leave it at the beep . the phone beeps . yvette ( v.o. ) miiike ... it 's yvette ... I know I tell you I do not date cop . and I know I tell you I would not sleep with a man I be not go to marry . but I have be think -- and I remember when you say think be a dangerous thing -- so I start feel ... well , lonely . remember when you give I that key -- burnett charge over and shut off the machine . burnett it 's uh ... it 's uh ... julie you do not have to explain . finally , they have reach consensus . burnett grin and be out the door . burnett lock the door . do not open it for anybody . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 46 . 103 int . lobby - night 103 as burnett be racing back through to the car , he see Chet behind the desk and stop . burnett listen , Chet . the girl ? she 's a witness . I be gonna be go for about a hour . do I a favor . keep you eye out , okay ? chet you know , Mr. burnett . I be get off in just a few minute , so ... I could watch the door if you like . you know . in a chair . I could just sit in it . outside the door like cop do when they be guard shit . burnett just keep a eye out . head for the door . chet yeah , I be gonna be a cop , you know ? just do not work out . you know ? Politics . 104 int . burnett hallway 104 as doris storm toward she bedroom , burnett trail she , apologetically -- doris do not you ' honey baby ' I -- burnett -- I swear , baby , it 's nothing . I be on the job -- as she get to the bedroom , doris wheel around -- doris and you just happen to lose you wedding ring -- ' on the job ?!' he look down at he ringless finger -- burnett no ! no ! I get it right here ... ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 46a . 104 continued : 104 he hastily fish into he jacket pocket , but too late -- doris slam the door in he face , lock it . off burnett 's pain expression -- 105 int . miami PD - hallway - day 105 burnett and lowrey on the move . ( continued ) 47 . 105 continued : 105 burnett if you be a real partner , instead of some no - backup , hot doggin ' , car chasin ' , skirt sniffin ' motherfucker , I would be gettin ' down to business with my wife instead of stick in this situation . lowrey yeah . thanks for the get-well card . 106 int . police basketball gym 106 Howard be in sweat , awkwardly shoot free throw as he morning workout . park on either side of the hoop , lowrey and burnett patiently retrieve each miss ball and send it back to he . burnett Chief . I try to set the girl up with a sketch artist but she will not . I try to get she to come in and look at the mug book and she will not come in . howard she will only deal with Mike lowrey . he toss a brick . burnett that 's right . so let she deal with the real Mike lowrey ! who , I might add , shoulda be there to take the call instead of runnin ' off like a hot dog without any backup . Howard fire another miss shot . he 's so bad , it 's all burnett and lowrey can do to keep from spike the ball . lowrey hey . I be not the one who leave a strange hooker alone in my apartment . you know , she 's probably on the street sellin ' all my shit as we speak . burnett I have to stash she somewhere ! she 's scared shitless ... just like she dog . ( continued ) 48 . 106 continued : 106 lowrey dog , too ? I get Persian rug , man . I be go home ... explain the whole thing , take she to the Motel six , she will understand ... howard not a good idea . ( brick ) until she i.d.s the shotter , he 's Mike lowrey . could take a coupla hour . could take all day . you get a computer with a modem ? burnett Big computer . expensive -- lowrey yeah , I get a computer and you should not touch it . it take I week to get it set up the way I want it and I do not want amateur mess with it . howard ( brick number four ) burnett . I will have francine give you the user code for the computer file and you can run picture for the girl on lowrey 's super duper computer . burnett so what about I ? I can not tell my wife I be shack up with a female witness ! besides , I think they make my car last night ... I gotta stay close to home , just in case . howard easy . lowrey move into you house . and you be on special assignment . another brick . lowrey no way ! I be not live in that zoo . burnett my house be not no zoo ! ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 49 . 106 continued : ( 2 ) 106 howard enough ! you be he , he 's you ! until she make the shooter and we get the dope back , I do not care what you have to do , just make it work ! lowrey and burnett feel hammer by Howard . upon retrieve he final brick , lowrey pass to burnett , who feed back lowrey with a heel kick to the rim . and lowrey slam the ball home . they exit with Howard simply stare . 107 int . burnett bedroom - day 107 burnett 's toss some thing into a overnight bag . theresa watch he , concerned . theresa you never have to go to Cleveland on police business before . burnett Cleveland 's where they collare the dealer . and that 's where I gotta go to testify . theresa but what about we ? the neighborhood 's have all break-in . I will not feel safe if you be -- burnett honey . I would not go if I do not have the most trustworthy man I know to look after my family ... theresa oh , no , not lowrey . not in my house . burnett yes , lowrey . I trust he with my life and , I most certainly trust he with yours . theresa why do not they send he to Cleveland ? burnett baby . it 's a Federal subpoena . I be the witness . I be the one who have to testify . case close . I be the one go to Cleveland . lowrey 's stay here . bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 50 . 108 ext . burnett house 108 theresa stand at the door with arm cross . meanwhile , burnett throw he bag in the trunk of the porsche . he and lowrey trade car key , the porsche for the volvo . burnett do not forget to put snail Guard on my lawn . lowrey just leave Cleveland the way you find it . burnett climb in , wave out the window . burnett bye-bye , theresa . be good , kid . lowrey join theresa on the porch . mockingly he put he arm around she and wave . theresa why 's he take you car ? lowrey ( seethe ) he 's drop it off at the mechanic on the way to the airport . the engine need a overhaul ... or will by the time he get there . the porsche head down the block with a grinding of gear . lowrey wince and head for the volvo when theresa get in he way . theresa where you think you be go ? I get a list here of thing that Marcus be suppose -- lowrey -- that Marcus be suppose to do . that 's right . Marcus . not Mike . ' cuz Mike 's a cop on a case with no time to waste . lowrey 's in the volvo and pull away as fast as he can . 109 omitted 109 &amp ; &amp ; 110 110 bad boy - Rev. 6/20/94 51 . 111 ext . boatyard - establishing - day 111 one of Miami 's famous canal , derelict ship be dock and rusting . one such ship , a old freighter call the mariana . 112 int . freighter - lab - day 112 camera follows noah through a maze of tight corner and stairwell into a single , massive hold convert into a drug-process lab . huge , bakery - size mixing bowls chug on one side of the room while lab worker form the doughy , cut heroin into pizza-sized form , and shovel they into tractor oven on the other side of the room . when the pie come out , more lab assistant re-form the pie into key . on fouchet he 's deal with he 26 - year - old chemist name elliot . fouchet okay . explain it to I , elliot . why be we behind ? elliot the cut agent be highly volatile . you can not cook it like you would a pizza . I have to gear the oven down to half - speed . fouchet we already account for that , elliot . it 's in we fuck timetable . so what else ? elliot be uncomfortable . he look back at wally , he stone - look assistant , before forging ahead . elliot there 's too much moisture down here . the pie be take longer to cook than we originally plan . wally yeah . it 's totally fuck . fouchet you . shut up . ( back to elliot ) now , listen , you little pussy . we be not make pizza . ( more ) ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 pm 52 . 112 continued : 112 fouchet ( cont 'd ) we be make money . I give you a deadline . if you succeed , you be a millionaire . if you fail , you be a fuckin ' corpse . and so help I God , elliot . if you give I a fuckin ' ulcer , I will dig up you dead mother and fuck she with you severe dick , do you understand ? Christ -- ( call out ) noah ?! bring I something for my stomach ! a fuckin' snapple or something ' . 113 omitted 113 114 int . lowrey' condo - day 114 burnett enter and instantly that dog of hers be yapping . burnett shut up before I step on you ... Julie ? he drop he bag and head into bedroom where ... 115 int . bathroom - continuous action 115 Julie 's fresh from a shower , towel about she and drying she hair . burnett ( o.s. ) Julie ! julie that you , Mike ? burnett ( o.s. ) yeah . it 's I . Mike . julie at least you timing 's good . can you bring I the lotion on the nightstand ? burnett enter . Julie have a towel wrap around she body . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 pm 52a . 115 continued : 115 julie thanks . so I be think ... Julie , obviously free with she body , suddenly drop the towel and start apply lotion . burnett avert he eye , turn around a full one - eighty , but find himself face a mirror . oops . look leave , another shiny surface . shit. burnett ( to himself ) crazy fuckin ' woman . he step from the bathroom and stand outside the door . julie the guy who kill Max . now , he be look for the heroin that Eddie steal from he ... Max go to the party as a favor to you . you be a dope cop , right ? burnett special narcotics division . julie so this be not about Max 's death at all . it 's about dope . burnett we find the dope , we find we shooter , too . julie there 's some powder in there , too . can you hand that to I ? ( wait for a answer ) Mike ? Mike ? burnett have disappear into ... time CUT to : 116 int . bedroom closet 116 burnett be go through lowrey 's extensive and meticu - lously coordinate wardrobe , shaking he way all the way through . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 pm 53 . 116 continued : 116 burnett man , when this be over , I be gonna get I something ' better than quality time . it 's gonna be I and theresa on a boat -- julie ( o.s. ) Mike ? I borrow a T-shirt and some boxer short until we can somehow get back over to my place to pick up some clothes . 117 int . bedroom - continuous action 117 burnett exit the closet to find Julie brush out she wet hair , wear nothing but what she describe , a T - shirt and pair of lowrey 's boxer tie up with a shoe string . this ensemble never look so good . burnett mug shot . we get mug shot to look at . ' scuse I , I gotta hook into the p.d. computer . he head out of the bedroom . julie hey , Mike . who 's the guy in all the picture ? burnett turn . and there behind Julie be a wall full of photo that he 's never , ever notice . nearly all of lowrey . all ego . burnett that guy ? well , that 's Marcus burnett , my partner . burnett get closer and must look around until he find the singular photo of the two of they . it 's in a shitty frame , too . burnett there 's the two of we , see ? I and ' ... ( gesture to photo ) ... my partner . julie listen , Mike . I have know a lotta guy . and I have see a good number of they bedroom , okay ? but I have never see ... I mean , look at it . it 's like a shrine to he . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 pm 54 . 117 continued : 117 burnett yeah . okay . sure , I can see how it look that way ... but you see ... you see ... it 's uh ... a cop thing . ( then it come ) that 's because I have put a picture up there for every time Marcus have save my life . julie save you life ? burnett I save he life . he save mine . he 's get the same thing in he house . picture of I . more , even . good family man , that Marcus . julie okay , but Mike . this be like a lot of picture . I mean , this be not something by the bedstand . this be a whole wall ... and I know Max say you be just friend . that 's why I be think , maybe ... you could be ... gay . burnett react , then recover with ... burnett me? Gay ? be you outta you mind ? julie I do not mean to offend you . burnett it 's a good thing that I be secure in my manhood to see that you do not mean that . you know how many woman I have have in that waterbed ? check the wave as they go by . Count them . ( turn back to live room ) now , mug shot ? 118 int . lowrey' condo - night 118 burnett and Julie be sit at the computer look at mug shot dial in from the police database . she fiddle with , but do not eat she salad , while steal sideways glance from the computer screen to the nasty , bologna sandwich burnett be eat . ( continued ) 55 . 118 continued : 118 burnett the shooter say four day until he make the deal . what else do he say ? julie somethin ' weird . sounded like three angel ... he be not worried because he have three little angel on he shoulder tellin' he something . I do not get the rest . ( back to the mug shot ) I be get tired of look at ugly people . burnett just a few more and we can take another break . julie I do not wanna take a break . then we would have to talk and I get nothing to say to a cannibal . burnett a what ? julie that be a live , breathe consciousness . it feel joy . sadness . maybe it even have a name . burnett what have a name . julie that flesh you be shoveling into you mouth . burnett ( stop chew ) it 's just bologna . julie it be alive . some farmer feed it . get it to trust he . then blow its brain out , dumped it in a cement mixer with a ton of carcinogen and now you be eat it . ( continued ) 56 . 118 continued : ( 2 ) 118 burnett never look at it that way . he start to put it down . julie no . at least finish it so I will not have to look at it . ( back to the screen ) let 's look at some more ugly people . angle - computer screen it 's a photo of noah along with he extensive rap sheet . julie wait . hold it . go back ... that 's he ! that 's one of them . burnett you sure ? Julie nod . she 's certain . 119 omitted 119 120 int . burnett house - den - night 120 lowrey be on the phone . lowrey Captain Howard , please . it 's lowrey . megan ( o.s. ) uncle Mike -- lowrey look down to find little megan pull at he leg . she show a picture book . megan but I have to go now ! 121 int . bathroom - lowrey and megan 121 lowrey be stand just outside , portable phone in hand . he 's try to keep he voice low . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 57 . 121 continued : 121 lowrey I just talk to Marcus . the girl just i.d. would one of the shooter -- megan uncle Mike ! lowrey okay ... hang on , cappy . ( start read from the book ) this be prudence and she have to go potty . this be a potty . everyone have to poop and when they do they use the potty . ( turn page ) mommy poop . ( turn page ) daddy poop . ( turn page ) Captain Howard poop . even doggy poop . 122 int . lowrey' condo - night 122 burnett be clean up dog shit from one of lowrey 's Persian rug . the stain will not come out . so burnett try a can that he 's grab . it foam . Julie appear with a pile of clean laundry in hand . burnett you dog take a shit . julie and you use pledge to clean it up ? burnett ( look at can ) lemon pledge . julie well , that make a big difference . you just varnish that into the fabric . I be sure it work great . burnett do not quite know what to do with the wad of dog poop in paper towel still in he hand . Julie snatch it from he and head for the bathroom . burnett follow . he suddenly realize that the clean clothes be he . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 58 . 122 continued : 122 burnett you clean my clothes ? julie I just throw they in with mine . burnett you clean my clothes ? he 's all appreciative until he notice something dis - turbing . a shirt of he have a large bleach area on it . burnett what 's this ?? julie ( shyly ) I have a little accident . burnett this be my favorite shirt . my lucky shirt . julie sorry . as burnett start to walk away ... julie listen , Mike . I do not have any of my clothes . I wanna go back to my place to get some . burnett not go to happen . julie I need apparel . that and I need some food that 's something more than a cold , slab of fear . burnett slab of fear ? julie all you get in the place be freeze steak . burnett alright . I leave my wallet at the office so I will give you some cash tomorrow . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 59 . 123 omitted 123 124 int . kide ' bedroom - night 124 quincy and Jill be rapt as lowrey do a quick security sweep , check closet and window lock as he tell a bedtime story . lowrey ( o.s. ) ... so you daddy and I be trap in this crack house in Little Havana . this dude be real mean mother ... and they start come at we with knife ... now I be scared , thinkin ' I be out for the count when in come you daddy like a Miami hurricane -- theresa stand in the doorway . hand on she hip . lowrey oh , hi , theresa . just tellin' the kid about -- theresa thank you , but I will tuck the kid in . say good night to uncle Mike . quincy but we want to hear the rest of the story ... theresa silence quincy with a look . sense he cue , lowrey kiss the kid . lowrey g'night , gang . quincy and jill g'night , uncle Mike . bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 60 . 125 int . live room - night 125 lowrey be seat on the couch , load clip and dress he weapon on the coffee table . as he pour a Coke , theresa appear at the bottom of the stairwell . theresa if you be my husband , I would poison that . lowrey if you be my wife I would drink it . theresa twelve year I be marry , Michael . and I never let Marcus bring he work home . lowrey just a harmless bedtime story . think the kid deserve to know about the hero they have for a dad . theresa we do not need any violence in this household and we certainly do not need any more heroes . what we need be a father and a husband . lowrey husband ? theresa . he 's you personal errand boy . you beep the poor s.o.b. every hour on the goddamn hour ? and why be it always about some useless bullshit that can wait until later . I mean , the guy 's gotta job to do . theresa you wanna know why I page he ? because until that phone ring , I do not know whether he 's dead or alive . and lemme tell you . that three minute I be wait for he to call back ? that be the hardest three minute for a cop 's wife . lowrey ( toast with the Coke ) touche , theresa . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 61 . 125 continued : 125 theresa sheet and pillow be in the hope chest . I will see you in the morning . 126 omitted 126 a127 ext . burnett house - night a127 noah 's car be park down the block . 127 int . noah be car - casper and noah - night 127 with night vision goggle they glass the house . 128 int . lowrey' condo - night 128 the camera start on a beautiful shot of Julie sleep in the bedroom , then pull back and swivel to reveal burnett on the couch . gun laid across he chest . he lay awake while luke and Duke sniff at he foot . 129 ext . police headquarters - day 129 lowrey unhappily pull into the parking lot drive burnett 's dilapidate volvo. Ruiz and sanchez , walk from the car , spot he and laugh as he climb out of the wreck . sanchez ooh , mean machine , lowrey ... lowrey you should recognize trunk . it 's the one you come to America in . ruiz you do not come from Cuba by car , asshole . lowrey walk by he own cherish porsche on the way in . 130 omitted 130 131 int . police station - hallway - day 131 lowrey and burnett on a roll . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 62 . 131 continued : 131 burnett I be tellin ' you , I have have it with this witness . I wanna go home and get back to my life as it be . I get marry so I could stop lyin' . lowrey oh , please . Big fuck deal . you know what I have to do ? I drive you kid to school this morning . you son forget he homework . so I have to drive he all the way back in that junker of yours -- ( as if look at burnett for the first time ) what 's that you be wearin ' ? be that my new silk shirt ? be that my shirt ? burnett yeah . I know , it 's a little big on I . but cool . I figure , what about it ? if I be gonna be Mike , might as well dress like Mike ! ( sing ) I wanna be , I wanna be like Mike . swish . lowrey 's beeper sound . he check out the number . lowrey ugh . I gotta call the wife . burnett the wife ? lowrey find the nearest phone and dial . burnett be think theresa ? lowrey yeah , what 's up , baby . uh-huh. ( pull out notepad ) yeah . okay . what else ? you want I do what ? lowrey glance over at burnett who 's clearly loving the fact that it 's lowrey 's turn at errand boy . so lowrey ... ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 ( pm ) 62a . 131 continued : ( 2 ) 131 lowrey mmm . uh-huh . hectic down here . I will be in , nine . nine-thirty . the kid alright ? how 's that potty thing ? yeah ? okay . alright . lowrey turn to block the phone , depress the switch , but act as if he 's still on with theresa . lowrey say , why do not you rent a movie or somethin' ? uh-huh. ( teasing laugh ) you be so silly . burnett 's burn now . lowrey so , baby . what you wearin ' ? burnett gimme that phone . ( grab it ) hello , theresa ? theresa ! lowrey man , it 's off . it be a joke . burnett hey , man . do not mess with I ! that 's the mother of my child . do not break up a happy home . a132 int . save -more drug - morning ( formerly sc. 207 ) a132 lowrey be annoyed . he hold the list theresa just give he as they walk down the aisle . lowrey Marcus , this be crazy . we be five minute away from pick up this asshole and return to we life . and we be here doin ' this shit . where the fuck be it ? burnett hey . do not ask I to find it for you . you be the expert on my wife . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 ( pm ) 62b . a132 continued : a132 lowrey you know , this be like some really bizarre shit that you be on right now . you wife ask I to do this , and I be doin ' it . besides , I be you , remember ? burnett you do not even know where you be go . you be in the wrong aisle . lowrey follow burnett to the next aisle , where burnett gesture to the wall of feminine hygiene product . burnett you think you know what theresa need , man , but I do this every month . ( challenge ) just look for ' Fresh day . ' lowrey move ahead . there 's too much to look at . lowrey you be unbalance . listen , I read the parole jacket on this guy noah . armed robbery . attempt murder . he 's a violent offender something ' like nine time . sweet guy . not a single drug bust on he sheet . burnett so ? he 's a new recruit . keep look , will ya ? ' Fresh day . ' lowrey you know , it be a damn shame she make you buy this stuff . burnett hey , this what husband 's do . lowrey terrible fuckin ' job . ( examine shelf ) it 's like shave cream . they be all the same . Fresh . free. confident . secure. ( grab a box ) Super wide ? what the fuck ? we be takin ' this one . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 ( pm ) 62c . a132 continued : ( 2 ) a132 burnett snatch lowrey 's box and put it back on the shelf . burnett hey , man , look ! you be not even read . this be panty liner , okay ? a woman choose this moment to walk by . burnett that 's a whole ' nother category of thing ! man , for a guy that spend all he time chase pussy , you sure do not know much about the woo woo . ( beat ) here it be . Fresh day . you pay for it . 63 . 132 ext . grungy trailer park - day 132 burnett and lowrey park and pop the trunk . Inside be gun and uniform . burnett what be we gonna be today ? postal inspector or Water and power ? lowrey Water and power . 133 ext . trailer - day 133 approach be burnett and lowrey , but now they be dress in short and t-shirt with bright orange vest and cap read " Water and power . " and as lowrey knock on the door . close on heavy link chain wrapped around a pink refrigerator . it move . burnett what do you think the chain 's for ? lowrey I dunno . maybe some kind of hurricane anchor . they knock again . the chain jerk slightly . burnett well , the anchor just move . both turn and look . and the chain be move . at first , it simply sway back and forth , then it pull taut and the fridge jolt ! a deep , guttural noise sound . from around the corner , a shadow grow large . lowrey and burnett instinctively withdraw they gun and aim just as a lion round the corner , tooth bare , claw tear at the deck . the door swing open . burnett push lowrey inside just as the big cat lunge . 134 int . trailer - day 134 lowrey and burnett be hold the door against the growling lion . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/21/94 64 . 134 continued : 134 woman ( o.s. ) who be you ?! lowrey and burnett heave , then turn . they be equally shocked to find a huge , three - hundred - pound woman in nothing but she underwear . burnett aaaaaaaaaaa -animal Control ! woman but you uniform say Water and power ! lowrey we be undercover ! now , we be lookin ' for the owner of that animal . woman listen . the cat do not belong to I . it belong to my brother . and I do not know where he be . burnett that 's too bad . because he lion 's tie to you trailer . so you gotta move the beast . or move the trailer . woman move the trailer ? move it to where ? lowrey everglade . only part of South Florida that 's zone for Wild Kingdom shit . ' course , the crock down there will probably eat you brother 's cat . woman but he love that lion ! raise he from a little kitty ! burnett well , little kitty 's gonna be gator bait 'less you suddenly remember where you brother be . by the look on she face , she memory be come back . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 64a . 135 ext . lowrey' build - afternoon 135 lowrey and burnett pull up in the unmark police car . Chet be there to help with the door . chet ( to each of they ) ' Morning , Mr. lowrey . ' Morning , Mr. lowrey . burnett grab lowrey and yank he toward the elevator . 136 int . lowrey' condo - continuous action 136 key in the door and burnett and lowrey enter the apartment . Julie 's dog run up to they , yapping . burnett it 's I , Julie ... Julie enter from the bedroom , dress in something hot with the tag still hang from a sleeve . julie I will be ready in just a minute . I think I would have you tell -- she stall at the sight of lowrey , a little spark of interest pass between they . julie hi. I be Julie . you must be marcus. ( hand outstretch ) I recognize you from all the photograph . Nice to meet you . ( turn around for burnett ) what do you think ? lowrey very nice . the occasion ? julie he say we be go to a club tonight . burnett yes . we be go to a club . as in I and my partner . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 65 . 136 continued : 136 julie oh , that 's fuckin ' swell ! and you call this protective custody ? I be here all day . I be alone and scared . and all I get to protect I be Chet the doorman -- lowrey what 's that on the rug ? look like ... a stain ? teeth grit . julie it be my baby , luke and Duke . they get nervous in new surroundings . I offer to pay for the clean , but Mike would not hear of it -- lowrey spot ring from glass on the table . lowrey and have you ever hear of a new invention call the ' coaster ' ? as he try buffing the table with he sleeve . close on julie she might be catch on here . julie Marcus , you act like it 's you place . burnett what ? lowrey no . it 's not my place . my wife . she 's a designer . she decorate the whole place at a discount just for Mike . and when she hear about how he 's be take care of -- ( glare witheringly at dog ) off the couch ! lowrey chase the dog into the bedroom . one of the dog run out with a Cole hahn loafer in he mouth . they both follow he into the bedroom . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 66 . 137 int . lowrey' condo - live room 137 where the lock on the front door turn . the door open . a mysterious woman in a overcoat , sunglass and spike heel enter . woman Mike ? the woman strip off the overcoat -- under which she 's breathtakingly naked , save for a garter belt and stocking . she drape the coat over the nearest chair . woman I be feel really nasty right now . burnett be first to appear from the bedroom -- and he expression go off the chart . startle , the woman shrug back into she coat . woman who the hell be you ? burnett charge she , instantly ushere she to the door . burnett how do you get in here ? Julie and lowrey return from the bedroom . woman I have a key . but , Mike ... burnett ( whisper ) maybe you should call first next time . what 's you name ? woman yvette ! burnett you do not quit stalking I , yvette , I be gonna place you ass under arrest ! -- ' bye ! burnett slam the door . she 's scream on the other side , pounding the door with she fist , and cursing in mad Spanish . finally she stomp off down the hall . lowrey ' the hell 's go on out here ?? ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 67 . 137 continued : 137 burnett just that crazy yvette , stalking I again . lowrey could kill . lowrey yvette !? you do not just send away yvette ? burnett that woman 's into some weird shit . Julie 's confuse , to say the least . julie ( to burnett ) so , Mike . any other spontaneous naked woman with key , that we should know about ? burnett we , as in Marcus and I , be go to Club Hell . we be gonna nail this noah guy and get he to give up Max 's shooter . anyone get a problem with that ? julie I feel safer now . she turn and exit back into the bedroom . burnett 's about to follow when lowrey swing he outside the door - way and get into he face . lowrey you be ruin my life ! burnett yeah , well this case be messin ' with mine , too . 138 omitted 138 a139 ext . club hell - night a139 the ultimate Miami night scene . a long line of local and hip and cool couple be wait . lowrey and burnett appear at the front of the line , coolly flash they badge to a hipster couple . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 68 . a139 continued : a139 burnett hey , man . get some bad news . you car get bust into . there 's some uniform boy in the parking lot want to ask you some question . piss and panicked , the hipster pair head for the parking lot , while lowery and burnett take they place near the front of the line . bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 69 . 139 int . lowrey' condo - night 139 Julie , still dress for the evening , pace back and forth . frustrate , she rip the tag from she dress , and sit back down at the computer . she play with the keyboard and noah 's mug shot pop back into view . she stare at it a little too intently . image flash in front of she , the sight and sound of Max 's death replaying itself in she mind . snap out of it , determine , she gather she bag and exit . 140 int . club hell - night 140 hip. hard rock . crowd . sexy . burnett and lowrey on cruise control , this club mass with people . 141 int . club hell - office - night 141 High above the room , fouchet look out upon the dance floor with both noah , casper , and Ferguson behind he . fouchet my three little angel tell I I would get a visit from the cop tonight and there they be . ( turn and order ) when they split up , we will drop the tall one and get the other one to lead we to the girl . 142 int . club hell - night 142 lowrey and burnett move to the bar . there 's a huge fishtank behind it . lowrey I say we split the room in half . make we own move . hook back up at the bar in twenty minute . burnett sound good to I . lowrey move off and burnett turn to the female bartender . burnett gin and tonic ... ( smile , with lowrey 's platinum card ) ... and add twenty for yourself . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 70 . 143 ext . club hell valet - later 143 Julie pull up in lowrey 's porsche . before the valet can get to the door , she 's open lowrey 's glove box . in it there 's a pistol . Julie mull it over before remove it and stuff it in she purse . 144 int . club hell - night 144 lowrey meet burnett back at the bar . lowrey anything ? burnett bartender say he work here . but she have not see he all night . ( finish he drink ) I gotta make a pitstop . 145 int . club hell - men' room - night 145 and , believe it or not , the other side of the fishtank behind the bar . burnett 's at the urinal , blissfully relieving himself when casper appear at he side . there 's that awkward men- do not - talk - at - the-urinal moment until burnett lean over ... burnett oh , man . budweiser ... casper Excuse I ? burnett musta drank about a million budweiser tonight , waitin ' for my ol ' friend noah to show . would not know he , would ya ? guy practically raise I up from nothin' . casper sorry . never hear of he . burnett too bad . burnett shrug , zip and reach to flush when -- ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 71 . 145 continued : 145 close on garbage bag which casper wrap around burnett 's head . burnett gag . casper okay , hardon ! tell I where the girl be ! casper slam burnett into the mirror . burnett struggle , reach for anything , he come up with the towel dis - penser , rip it from the wall and start pound over casper 's head . 146 int . bar 146 lowrey sip on a beer , totally unaware of what 's happen on the other side of the fishtank . 147 int . men' room 147 burnett rip the bag off he head , reach for he gun . but casper 's there , lung into he and lift he up and into the fishtank . 148 int . bar - lowrey 148 he 's be watch the fish in the tank , but turn back toward the bar just at the moment of burnett 's impact . the tank crack on the bathroom side and water begin drain , unbeknownst to lowrey . 149 omitted 149 &amp ; &amp ; 150 150 151 int . men' room - burnett and casper 151 burnett 's gun lay amongst the flap carp and sea - weed on the floor . both burnett and casper go slide across the wet floor and into a stall -- both reach for the gun . burnett 's there a second too late . casper 's get the gun . he swing it onto burnett and squeeze the trigger . but nothing happen . burnett in turn , grab casper 's ear and hammer the big guy 's head into the toilet until he fall unconscious . burnett pick up he gun . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 72 . 151 continued : 151 burnett next time , learn how to work the safety with you punk ass . ( as he cuff casper to toilet ) now where 's my no good , no back - up partner ? through the bust fishtank , burnett catch sight of lowrey , stand at the bar and make conversation with one of the club beauty . a152 int . club hell - opposite bar a152 Ferguson and noah split wide and start they move on lowrey . 152 lowrey at bar 152 he see Julie charge across the dance floor . she 's head right for he . 153 int . club hell office - fouchet 153 he 's watch Ferguson and noah move in for the kill when fouchet 's Pov shift from the dance floor to Julie . close on fouchet as he recognize Julie . there 's a instant " oh fuck " look on he face as he realize that the rule have change . 154 int . club hell - dance floor 154 lowrey meet Julie halfway . he 's get she by the arm and be shouting over the loud music . lowrey what the hell be you do here ? julie the guy who kill Max . I remember something he say ! ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 73 . 154 continued : 154 lowrey ( start move she toward exit ) well , whatever he say , you remember to tell I later . split shot - noah and ferguson each move through the crowd toward lowrey and Julie . gun with silencer hold tight to they side . on julie and lowrey julie Three little angel ! the guy who kill Max say ' three little -- Julie see noah and freeze . lowrey the music 's too loud . what you say about angel ? noah close the gap . through the crowd he draw down on lowrey . 155 int . club office - night 155 he pound on the window . fouchet forget the cop . kill the girl ! 156 int . club dance floor 156 Julie pull the gun from she purse , shut she eye and start firing wildly . bam , bam , bam , bam , bam ! the gun buck and each shot go wildly high . noah dive for the floor . 157 int . club office - fouchet 157 he hit the deck as the window be shatter by a random bullet . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 74 . 158 int . club dance floor - back to scene 158 the room clear around Julie . noah be back on he foot , once again with the gun . but ... lowrey launch himself off a nearby table , soar over the frighten crowd and come crash down upon noah . both lowrey and noah tumble to the floor . noah 's gun skitter into the crowd . noah chase for it , but can not find it . but -- ferguson be get a clear shot at Julie . he raise he gun , only to find burnett 's pistol at he ear . burnett do not even think about it . ( realize ) Julie ? CUT to : julie as she grab lowrey . julie that 's he ! lowrey no shit ! meanwhile , noah 's on he foot and haul ass out of the club . 159 burnett and ferguson 159 burnett see that noah 's on the run . so he cold - cock Ferguson with the butt of he pistol and join the chase . 160 omitted 160 &amp ; &amp ; 161 161 bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 75 . 162 ext . club hell - lowrey , burnett , and julie - night 162 appear at the door , charge down the step toward the valet and commander a Taurus that just pull up . all three dive in . burnett behind the wheel . lowrey lemme drive ! burnett I be drive . buckle up . burnett hit the gas , the car scream around in a tight circle just as -- slam ! -- noah 's sedan back wildly across the road and crunch they . noah throw a shotgun over the back seat of he car and fire through the rear window . blam ! everybody duck . Safety glass fly before noah shift gear and drive on . 163 ext . miami STREET - noah be car - night 163 noah 's already up to 70 mph , race through a yellow light , hang a leave . as the light turn red -- 164 int . unmarked car - night 164 lowrey you be gonna drive through that , be not you ? burnett do , haul through the light . meanwhile , lowrey have the bubble light in hand , reach out the window to stick it on the roof , but it simply slide off . he reel it back in the car and hand it off to Julie . lowrey hold that . 165 int . noah be car - night 165 noah be wave a shotgun out the back -- fire -- 166 int . unmarked car - night 166 rock as one headlight explode -- lowrey c'mon , lemme drive -- burnett do I backseat drive when you be tailing a hitman ? bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 76 . a167 ext . gas station at road divide - night a167 both speed car , side by side . then noah crank the wheel and slam the Taurus , send it to the leave of the divider . but -- noah his wheel catch the island and the snap , and roll right into -- close gas station noah 's car clip the pump . a geyser of gasoline spray into the sky . noah recover from the roll . throw he weight into the jamme door . it open on the second shove . close on overhead car light which ignites automatically . wide shot - gas station it erupt in flame . CUT to : b167 ext . miami STREET - gas station - burnett , lowrey and b167 julie just get out of the car as the station blow . they shield themselves against the explosion . burnett there go we only lead to the dope . we better call Howard . julie that 's it . that 's it . you be both crazy . Julie take a few step away before she decide to give they the other barrel . julie protect and serve . sound familiar ? be not that what you be suppose to do ? ' cuz I would like to know whose butt you be protect . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 77 . b167 continued : b167 lowrey I think we protect you uninvite butt pretty good back there . julie all you care about be get you dope back . no , that 's not all , you care about get it back in a way that show how fuck macho and tough you be . it 's all some big testosterone contest . well , fuck that . as Julie walk in one direction , burnett blow off in the other . burnett lowrey no more . fuck this . I be chill , I will handle it . not goin ' with it ... no , I be ( start after out . I be out . somethin 's Julie ) wrong with she . crazy woman ! Julie ! just wait a minute ! burnett keep move and grouse while lowrey chase Julie down and snag she by the arm . lowrey hey , hey . just relax ! ( look for word ) okay . it 's true this whole thing start with miss drug . but somebody I care about . a lot . she get kill . and I be not gonna lay down until this guy be dead or put away ... and I promise you , we will take care of you . julie that 's what I be afraid of . once again , Julie pull away . but lowrey 's get she tight ... and close . he dig deep . lowrey hey . what do I gotta say ? I need you , okay ? ( then for real ) I need you . Magic word . Julie 's sway , despite herself . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 78 . b167 continued : ( 2 ) b167 julie do they teach charm at the academy ? lowrey Nah . some smooth shit I get on my own . he put he arm around she and they walk back . c167 ext . gas station - aftermath - night c167 Police unit surround -- flash light . Julie be shake , wait in the back of a police unit . meanwhile , Ruiz and sanchez join burnett and lowrey at the trunk of the toast car . the fire crew crowbar open the lid . the trunk give way to a ghastly , toxic smell . everyone gag . burnett Jesus . what kinda shit be in there ? lowrey smell like some kinda chemical . burnett we will get a sample and drop it back at the lab . meanwhile , why do not you two go on back to Club Hell and see what you can dig up on this bad guy . 167 omitted 167 through through 180 180 a181 int . burnett house - upstair - night a181 as lowrey be check the upstairs , he find himself stare in on the sleep kid . lowrey one day , bro . gotta get yourself some of they . lowrey hear sobbing . he gently shut the kid ' door and head down the hall to the : bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 79 . b181 master bedroom b181 where theresa sit amongst box of new clothes . lowrey give a polite rap on the door . lowrey hey , hey . that 's not cryin ' I hear . theresa ( wipe tear ) oh , it 's nothing ... I just buy some clothes . it 's be so long since I buy anything nice ... I just want something to wear for Marcus when he get home . but nothing look right ... ( start cry again ) he 's slip away from I , Mike . I can feel it . lowrey ( sit next to she ) theresa . listen to I . nobody 's slip away from you . especially not Marcus . you can take my word on that ... as for the clothes ... lowrey pull a random item out of a box . it 's hideous . lowrey okay . just a minor fashion faux paux . that cappuccino at lunch can do that to you ... see what else we get here . 181 int . lowrey' condo - night 181 burnett be prepare the couch with a pillow and blanket when he sniff at the air . something foul . burnett lower he nose to the cushion . the smell get worse . 182 int . lowrey' condo - bedroom - night 182 burnett crawl into the bed , fully clothed . this be awkward . Julie call out from the bathroom . julie ( o.s. ) I be really sorry about the dog pee . they must be traumatize by the new surroundings . I will pay for new cushion . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 80 . 182 continued : 182 burnett that 's perfectly alright -- Julie suddenly flop on the bed , wear a gorgeous nightgown . julie so , Mike . can I ask you something ? burnett sure . julie do you always come to bed with you clothes on ? or just when there 's a woman in it ? burnett I be on protective duty . and I want you to feel ... protect . so I be dress and ready . it 's okay . I have do it before . julie really . you think Marcus would wear clothes to bed while on protective duty ? burnett sure he would . it 's a cop thing . julie oh , I definitely have a cop thing , too . burnett you do ? julie well Marcus . he 's very something ... sexy . and the way I come in tonight , he be throw everybody this way and that and he take control . burnett well , I drive . julie I know . you drive well . burnett I shot the gas tank on the car . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 80a . 182 continued : ( 2 ) 182 julie that 's right , you do . and it be exciting ... but Marcus ... ( bite she lip ) something about he ... his wife . what 's she name ? burnett theresa . why ? julie I will bet theresa be takin ' care of business right now . burnett what 's that suppose to mean ? julie you know , relieve he tension . a woman will do anything to keep a man like that . you know what I mean ? tonight ... make I a little bit horny , I guess . I think , maybe . it be the car chase . or the gun and everything . I have never shot a gun before . maybe it 's the steel or something . I be feel a little ... funny . burnett funny ? julie I do not know . do you feel a little funny ? burnett yeah ... I feel a little funny . julie not that kind of funny . burnett what kind of funny ? julie you know ... ( rub he ) funny . burnett I gotta call Marcus . burnett 's out of bed like a shot and head for the live room . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 80b . 183 omitted 183 a184 int . master bedroom - night a184 lowrey be admire he work . lowrey that 's right . turn around . theresa turn , look transformed in the outfit put together by lowery . theresa you think he will like it ? I mean , I want he to , you know , want to ... the phone ring . lowrey be talk and pick up the phone at the same time . lowrey want to ? baby . someone I know 's gonna burn you right to the ground . get ready ! ( then , into phone ) you be on the mic with Mike ... hello ? 184 int . lowrey' live room 184 camera be tight on burnett 's face . he 's angry as he stare at the phone . his worst fear have be confirm . he hang up . bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 81 . 185 int . lowrey' live room 185 a angry burnett , pull on a jacket , he throw some clothes at Julie . julie usually the guy throw I out after he fuck I . burnett I be different . I be a cop . and now I gotta kill a guy . 186 int . burnett house - night 186 from the top of the stair we see and hear ... kide g'night , uncle Mike . theresa yeah . good night , uncle Mike . lowrey g'night , everybody . lowrey 's at the window . park just down the street be the same sedan . he go for the phone and dial . wait for a answer . lowrey hey , sanchez . it 's I lowrey ... yeah ? same to you , pal . but listen . I get something you will want a piece of . 187 int . porsche ( burnett' neighborhood ) - night 187 grinding gear , burnett stop around the corner from he house . he turn off the ignition and turn to Julie . burnett I get some jewelry for you . before Julie can respond , burnett 's cuffing she to the steering wheel . julie you prick ! first you do not want I . then you drag I out ... ( more ) ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 82 . 187 continued : 187 julie ( cont 'd ) ( then she get it ) oh , wait . I get it . you be one of that post - adolescent asshole who do not get any car sex in high school -- burnett just shut the fuck up . I will not be long . try and keep out of sight . burnett 's out of the car with the key . Julie yank on the handcuffs , then go for the glove box . but this time it 's empty . 188 int . sedan - ferguson and casper - night 188 casper spot burnett near the house . casper there 's we guy . watch he . 189 int . burnett live room - night 189 lowrey climb under blanket on sofa , the back of which face the window . exhausted , he turn off light and close he eye . a beat . burnett 's face pop up furtively in window , he nose press against the glass , look for evidence of adultery . he can not see lowrey asleep on the couch . his head drop below the window frame , only to reappear in another window . see nothing , he move on . 190 ext . burnett house - night 190 burnett skulk into the side yard . 191 ext . theresa's bedroom window - burnett' Pov 191 the light in theresa 's bedroom be on . he see she sil - houette against the curtain get undress . 192 ext . side yard - burnett 192 he climb the trellis to second story ; boost himself onto ledge , inch along . stop to peer into a window when the ledge under he foot crumble and ... ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 83 . 192 continued : 192 burnett fall . landing flat on he back on the awning . his eye close with a look that say " save . " but then as he move . something creak . a193 omitted a193 through through c193 c193 193 int . theresa's bedroom - night 193 theresa hear something and run to the door and call out . theresa Mike ! in a heartbeat , lowrey charge into theresa 's room in he underwear . lowrey what 's the matter ? theresa I hear a noise ... I think someone 's outside ... a194 ext . awning - burnett a194 seemingly stick , once again , he attempt to move . another , even louder creak , then -- awning give way . and burnett crash loudly into the garbage can underneath . lid and can go every which way . b194 ext . driveway - night b194 a lid roll down and into the street . c194 int ./ ext . casper be car - night c194 casper and Ferguson look curiously as the lid roll into the street . 194 ext . under awning - burnett - night 194 he crawl to he foot and as he look up at the damage he 's do -- bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 84 . 195 ext . theresa's bedroom window - burnett' Pov 195 he see lowrey in he underwear and theresa in she night - gown as they part the curtain and look out . 196 ext . side yard - burnett 196 in the bush . he assume the worst . 197 int . theresa's bedroom - night 197 lowrey go into the kid ' room , turn the light out and wait there until I come get you . 198 int . live room - night 198 lowrey take gun from holster , slam in clip . 199 ext . front yard - night 199 lowrey switch off the porch light as he exit house , gun ready . without warning , burnett leap from the bush onto lowrey 's back . lowrey' gun tumble into the flower bed . lowrey reel with a elbow , drop burnett to the lawn . but burnett roll and clip lowrey 's leg . lowrey fall . crawl for he gun . get hold of it , turn and be ready to fire when -- car drive past . the headlight , revealing burnett . lowrey Marcus ! what the fuck -- burnett ... you doin' theresa ? theresa ! lowrey what ? I and theresa ? burnett I hope you use protection ... ' cause I do not want a fourth kid that look like you ! ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/20/94 84a. 199 continued : 199 lowrey haul back and belt he . burnett tear into lowrey and the two roll around on the lawn . 200 int . sedan - ferguson and casper 200 they can not believe they eye . ferguson wanna explain what this shit 's about ? 201 ext . front lawn - burnett and lowrey 201 lowrey this whole deal have turn you stupid . you be see thing that be not there . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 85 . 201 continued : 201 burnett ( pick up a snail ) and I suppose this be not here ? you be go to put snail Guard on the lawn , remember ? theresa ( o.s. ) Mike ? be you okay ! lowrey I be fine , theresa ! ( whisper ) will you get the hell out of here before she see you ! you be suppose to be in Cleveland . burnett yeah , I would not want to spoil you little arrangement ! lowrey and where 's Julie ? you do not leave she again . burnett she 's in the car . get she cuffed to the steering wheel . lowrey could kill now . he 's on he foot , grab burnett by the collar and shove he up against the front door . lowrey ( through grit tooth ) now , listen to I . look over my right shoulder . what do you see ... I say look ! burnett ( look ) late model Ford . two occupant . lowrey good . so who do you think 's in there ? Ed McMahon come to tell we we be sweepstake winner ? burnett okay . what be we do about it ? lowrey we be do nothing . I have get it handle . in the meantime , you better get back to where you belong before I shoot you myself . ( continued ) 86 . 201 continued : ( 2 ) 201 lowrey hold and watch burnett run off to the porsche , keep the sedan in he periphery the entire time . CUT to : 202 ext . STREET - porsche - night 202 it pull out and drive right past the sedan . Julie in full , animated view . 203 int . sedan - ferguson and casper 203 casper see the girl . casper sonofabitch ! there 's the girl ! but just as they start the car . kuh - thunk -- the car lurch . ferguson what the fuck ? 204 ext . burnett' STREET - night 204 a tow truck have pull up to the sedan and hook it . sanchez operate the winch and Ruiz gun the engine . sanchez let 's go ! the tow truck haul away Ferguson and casper stick in the sedan . CUT to : a205 ext . burnettt house - front yard - lowrey a205 on the front lawn . satisfied grin on he face , he return to the house . 205 ext . orange BOWL stadium - night 205 the tow truck wheel into the stadium and stop . Ferguson and casper try to make they break , but the scene suddenly ignites as the Orange bowl light go on . squad car and about ten cop surround with gun and baton . Ruiz and sanchez step from the tow truck . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 87 . 205 continued : 205 ruiz this oughta teach you not to fuck with a cop 's family . then the light go out . 206 int . lowrey build - lobby - night 206 burnett enter with Julie in tow . he look defeat , grass stain on he clothes , muss hair . and here come chet. chet ' even , Mr. lowrey . May I have a word with you ? ( pull he aside ) I be think that ... maybe I could see you gun . see , we do not allow gun up in the apartment . Mr. lowrey usually check he , here , at the desk with I ... you want I to check yours ? burnett pull he gun . but do not hand it to Chet . he stick it in Chet 's face . chet oh , okay . it 's just a option . burnett grab Julie 's hand and head for the elevator . a207 int . narcotics division - squad room - day a207 a cigar-smoking sinclair supervise the lock -down of the special narcotics unit . desk be be lock by ia suit . burnett and lowrey enter . just as file cabinet be hand - truck by they . burnett hey . what 's goin ' on here ? lowrey wait a minute . that 's my desk ! lowrey 's go to make a move on sinclair when Howard appear . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 88 . a207 continued : a207 howard yeah , yeah . it 's exactly how it look . i.a. 's shutting we down . we be all be reassign until they investigation be over . in here . Howard push they into -- howard office where Ruiz and sanchez wait with one of last night 's henchmen . his face be horribly bruise . sanchez he say he want he lawyer . ruiz yeah , but we tell he we be desperate man without no fuckin ' job , so ... ( prod the guy ) so? henchman okay . all I know be he name . foo-shay , I think . get this heavy french accent . the word be he off drug dealer . and there be quick cash for whoever have the ball enough to hook up with he . I swear , man , watchin ' you house be my first gig for the guy . burnett stand over the henchman and lift he defeat chin to face he . burnett have it in he to give the guy one more hard whack for good measure , but that bruise face prove punishment enough . burnett yeah . I guess you be tellin' the truth . howard I also get the lab report from the stuff you pick up in noah 's trunk . he hand it off . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 88a . a207 continued : ( 2 ) a207 lowrey ( read ) insert substance ... highly volatile drying agent ? the greedy motherfucker ! he 's cut the dope . burnett yeah , but Julie tell I he ship come in on Friday ? you wanna tell I who can cut a hundred mile worth a dope in five day ? you would need whole lotta time card to make that kinda date . lowrey or one really smart sonofabitch . howard we be in the shit , boy . and there be not gonna be any more time card for this unit unless somebody pull a miracle out of they ass . b207 ext . unmarked car outside tire emporium - day b207 Julie 's handcuff to the steering wheel again , semi - drape in the front seat . she can not believe it . julie I be get really tired of this shit ! 207 omitted 207 a208 int . tire emporium - day a208 this be a yawn , tire graveyard for use and crude tire . bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 ( pm ) 89 . b208 int . tire emporium - office - day b208 two old codger be trading storey in front of jojo , a white boy with rasta dreadlock . burnett hey , jojo . through the office window , jojo see burnett and sud - denly bolt out the rear door and run smack dab into lowrey , who body check he back up against the office door . lowrey good runnin ' into you , jojo . 208 int . tire emporium - bathroom - day 208 now burnett have push jojo up onto the sink . lowrey hang back , vibrate with anticipation . burnett hey , calm down . a little rap , that 's all . we be lookin ' for someone who can step on a shitload of heroin . and do it real fast , and real well . we be lookin ' for a pro . jojo I be in the rubber business now . burnett we be not playin ' around with you , jojo . you know what we want . jojo I be tellin ' you straight up , like a straight fuckin ' arrow , okay ? I be straight as a board . I be so straight it 's fuckin ' sick . burnett now there 's a lotta dope , jojo . who can cut it quick ? jojo you mean , cut it ... cut it up , yeah . I do not know anything about anything . lowrey 's have it . he pull he gun and push in . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 ( pm ) 90 . 208 continued : 208 jojo hey , man . I can not believe you be puttin ' a gun on I . you be a cop . I turn you into ' hard copy , ' man . put you on the t.v. set . burnett what be you doin ' , man ? as burnett try to intercede , they talk over each other . lowrey burnett we do not get time for Mike . chill with that . this . jojo , I be gonna no . do not do it ! this kill you , man . I have get be illegal ! he 's just fifteen bullet and I be a white ganja-smokin ' gonna fill you rasta motherfucker . he be not ass fulla some hot worth it . shit ... ( reach behind he back ) wait . wait . burnett push in one last time and try to talk lowrey back . lowrey act like he lose it . he pull another gun and point it at burnett . lowrey burnett back up . I be gonna bust right on . jojo , you be you fuckin ' ass too . on you own . ( then , back to ( as he walk away ) jojo ) I be sorry for you , jojo . talk to I . tell I what I be on you side . I will I want to know . I will do just be over here . I you man , say it . come on . do not want no skull fragment or brain shit on I . when that shit fly , it do not wash off . close on jojo scared shitless . he 's gonna die . this be some crazy motherfucker . burnett ( chime in again ) remember , partner . he 's no good to we if you splatter he ass . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/23/94 ( pm ) 91 . 208 continued : ( 2 ) 208 jojo okay , okay . I definitely do not know for sure . but I know a little for sure . Three guy ... well , two guy and one of they 's dead . crazy rocket-scientist , Einstein fuckin ' guy . get some rich mommy and daddy . tell you where he 's at . lowrey ( holster gun ) man , it 's a good thing you get you memory workin' . cuz that dead man paperwork be a bitch . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 91a . 209 ext . upper CLASS neighborhood ( coral gable ) - night 209 stake out around the corner be burnett and lowrey . each be clearly tired of the other . the silence be deadly until Julie break the silence . julie so where 's the coffee and donut ? burnett what ? julie I think that be the usual menu when cop be on stakeout . a little caffeine for the heart . some sugar- coat dough fry in day old grease . lowrey man . will you get off this ? you be make I sick . julie oh , I be sorry , Marcus . all this hour on the case , you must miss theresa 's home cooking . ( near lowrey 's ear ) Bet last night she fix you up something yummy and leave it in the microwave for you . burnett start to steam . lowrey yeah . somethin ' yummy . julie I imagine there be something yummy wait for you when you finally make it to bed -- burnett ( wheel ) listen , lady -- but burnett 's face ignites with headlight at they rear . Doors open . lowrey check the rear-view mirror . he see two private security cop name do souza and towne . they split and approach either side of the unmark sedan . lowrey oh , man . it 's the fuckin ' pretend police . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 92. 209 continued : 209 burnett be nice . after tomorrow we might need them for a job reference . lowrey roll down he driver 's window in time to hear ... towne well , what do we have back here ? look like we get we two pimp and a hooker . do souza hey , fella . maybe if she do we both we will let you leave with you pride intact . lowrey Excuse I . one moment . ( roll up the window ) let 's fuck with this bozo . burnett nod he approval . lowrey lower the window . lowrey now , where be we ? towne outta the car . hand where we can see them . foot spread . both hobby cop open the door for lowrey and burnett respectively . look pass between they as they step out and assume the position . and towne start by frisk burnett 's shoulder . burnett oh , that 's not how you frisk a potential lawbreaker . you gotta start at the waistband . see if he 's carry a piece . towne stall a beat , then self - consciously go to burnett 's waistband where he feel a -- towne gun ! both hobby cop instantly withdraw , they own piece draw and levele on burnett and lowrey . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 93. 209 continued : ( 2 ) 209 lowrey whoah . you better watch it , fella ! ( very slowly ) you know , it would be very bad if you shot and kill two helpless pimp and a call girl ... but it would be even worse if you shot two policeman and they witness on a stakeout . look pass between the hobby cop . lowrey ( slowly turn ) now I be reach slowly for my shield ... very slowly ... here it come ... just about get it ... ( reveal he badge ) ooh , look at that . it 's a detective 's shield ! all gold and shiny . a smart fellah would not fuck with somebody who have one of this in he pocket . so ... let 's see . I guess that make we policeman . and you ... burnett not . he show he shield . both hobby cop lower they gun , unsure about what 's next . burnett move in . burnett now , some rent -a- cop have license to carry weapon , where other do not . which might you be ? you would not happen to have that permit handy , would you ? from the look on the hobby cop ' face , Julie can see that they do not . julie guess we know the answer to that one . bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 94 . 210 ext . upper CLASS neighborhood - night ( later ) 210 De souza and towne lay face down and cuffed on the pavement while the camera lift back to the car . burnett I bet you miss you wife , kid ... I bet you miss they a whole lot . lowrey I do not worry . they be in good hand . 211 int . burnett' live room - night 211 theresa give a peek out the window . there 's another suspicious car on the street . 212 ext . burnett' STREET - unmarked car - night 212 sanchez and Ruiz be on protective duty in front of burnett 's house . sanchez be you kid , man ? desi be the brain behind the whole operation . that 's why they call they company desilu . desi be first . Lucy second . get it ? desi-lu ? 213 int . lowrey and burnett' car - dawn 213 coral gable stakeout . Julie 's pass out and , once again , sleep in the rear of the car . in the glow of the falter streetlight and the approach dawn , she could not look more beautiful . and from he post in the driver 's seat , he 's look at she with a long that go well beyond lust . then burnett break the silence . burnett two o'clock . the red Civic . 214 ext . elliot be house - burnett' Pov - telephoto angle 214 from stakeout car - dawn elliot shutting the door to he little red Civic , jangling key as he 's hurry up the walk to the front door . he look like he have not sleep or shower in day . 95 . 215 int . stakeout car - dawn 215 burnett let 's just hope he do not come home for a nap . time CUT to : 216 ext . elliot be house - morning 216 elliot exit the house in a hurry . Hair wet from a shower and fresh change of clothes . he fumble with the key to he Civic , get in and drive . 217 int . stakeout car - morning 217 lowrey I be on he . ( to Julie ) hey , buckle up back there . julie wha ...? lowrey have the key in the ignition and be stomping on the gas . 218 ext . miami street - morning 218 tailing scene as lowrey and burnett tail elliot through morning traffic . 219 ext . boat yard - morning 219 lowrey and burnett 's unmark sedan stop about two hundred yard from the freighter . 220 ext . boat yard - drug freighter - telephoto Pov - 220 morning elliot 's out of the car in a flash and crawl aboard the ship . but as he disappear , casper appear with he own pair of binocular . 221 int . stakeout car ( boatyard ) - morning 221 burnett they have make we . let 's move . lowrey floors it . bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 96 . 222 int . lowrey and burnett' car - en route - morning 222 lowrey 's drive in he typical , pedal to the metal style while burnett talk on the radio . burnett yeah . tell Howard to assemble the troops . we just make the dope lab . we will be at the p.d. in one hour . julie so what be I gonna do ? lowrey you be gonna keep you sweet ass nice and quiet back at my place . julie what ? lowrey Mike 's place . I say Mike 's . lowrey roll he eye . he can not wait for this to end . 223 int . burnett kitchen - morning 223 typical pandemonium . theresa be make / serve breakfast while the tv blare . quincy be channel surfing on the tv when he come up with the news footage of the explosion , follow by more footage of lowrey , Julie , and burnett at the scene . quincy hey , it 's dad and uncle Mike . news anchor ( v.o. ) in we continue report on police violence , the most recent incident involve two Miami p.d. officer remain unexplain by department spokesman . this high -speed chase be capture two night ago by we live copter 9 news team . and while the driver be kill , both police officer involved in the incident seem to escape without injury . theresa kid , you go over to the neighbor ' house . I will be right back . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 97 . 223 continued : 223 julie where you go ? theresa mommy 's go to Cleveland . 224 int . lowrey' condo - lowrey , burnett , and julie - day 224 bang , they be through the door . grubby and tired from the all - night stakeout . 225 int . lobby - morning 225 theresa enter building , ignore Chet and head straight for bank of elevator . chet Lady , all visitor must be announce . theresa announce this ! in a motherly flash , she 's get Chet by the ear and she 's drag he over to the elevator . he yowl the whole way until he stick he master pass - card in the elevator lock . theresa let go . 226 int . lowrey' condo - day 226 Julie be frame in the bedroom doorway , somewhat sadly watch burnett and lowrey scramble to get ready for the bust . julie so , I guess when you get back , it 's gonna be over . lowrey that 's the plan ... so , Mike . loan some of that ass kick clothes . burnett third drawer down . ( as doorbell ring ) hey , Julie . do I a favor and see who that be . bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 98 . 227 int . condo - live room - day 227 Julie look through the peephole , then open the door . and there 's theresa . Julie 's hip . julie which one do you want ? the tall one or the short one ? theresa oh , I get plenty in I to kill them both . but it 's the short one I be gonna divorce . she push past . julie think so . Julie watch theresa charge headlong into -- 228 int . condo - bedroom - day 228 burnett 's stripped to he pants and T-shirt . while lowrey 's down to he white boxer short . he 's talk and wiping down he gun with a rag . lowrey man , I can not wait to see the look on Howard 's face when we tell he ... ( see theresa ) Holy shit ! hi , theresa ... honey . theresa save you crap , Mike . lowrey Mike what ? what would he do ? burnett theresa . it 's not how it look . theresa it be not Cleveland , neither . lowrey where 's Julie ? lowrey push past theresa into -- 229 int . condo - live room - day 229 where Julie be go ! the front door be wide open . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 99 . 230 int . lowrey' condo - elevator - day 230 Julie 's inside . she hit the close door button . but lowrey 's there to catch it . lowrey Julie . we want to tell you ... I especially want to tell you -- julie you think I do not know ? God , you be so stupid ! and to think I let you use I like you do , Max . why ? lowrey Julie -- julie wait . I know why . because you say you need I . Jesus , who 's the stupid one now ? lowrey we still need you . he reach for she . julie fuck you ! Julie slam a fist into lowrey 's face . the elevator door shut . then burnett come haul down the corridor with theresa at he heel . he pound the elevator button . theresa you stay away from home just one night too many , Marcus . burnett theresa . she 's a material witness ! it be order ! 231 int . lowrey' condo - lobby - day 231 the elevator door open and Julie make for exit . she see a cab park outside , slip back on she spike heel and start to run for it when -- fouchet enter , with casper and Ferguson to either side . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 99a . 231 continued : ( A1 ) 231 they sweep into the lobby , stalling just inside the doorway when they realize that they target be right there in front of they , freeze like a deer catch in the proberbial headlight . to the right and leave , people at the mailbox . Chet on the phone behind the desk . but he 's look at Julie . then ... fouchet grab she . but the door to the second elevator open . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 100 . 231 continued : 231 burnett and lowrey step out in time to see Julie look to they and the bad guy about to make they move . wide shot from above fouchet and he henchmen left . burnett and lowrey to the right . and Julie in the middle . fouchet be the first one to draw down . lowrey Julie ! Drop now ! pandemonium . gun draw and blazing . all three villain , plus burnett and lowrey , diving and firing . people in lobby scream and duck for cover . smoke and plaster fill the air . burnett pushes theresa back into the elevator , make she lay on the floor as bullet CUT above . lowrey slip behind a pillar as bullet whiz past . julie on floor . in the middle . crawl for cover when -- fouchet with ball the size of Pennsylvania . two gun in hand , walk forward with barrel fix and firing . clip out on one , toss the gun aside , then , with he free hand , reach down and grab Julie by the hair and lift she until she stand . fouchet let 's go ! ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/22/94 101 . 231 continued : ( 2 ) 231 with a gun in she side , he back away and shove she through the exit . casper and Ferguson follow . lowrey swing around the pillar , gun levele and run after they . lowrey Julie !!!! meanwhile -- 232 int . lowrey lobby - elevator - burnett and theresa 232 into the open elevator , burnett slide he gun over to she . burnett go upstairs . and do not let anybody in but I ... do it ! burnett press the close door button . the door close just as theresa reach for he , call -- theresa Marcus , I love you . 233 ext . lowrey' condo - day 233 fouchet shove Julie into a wait car . all three bad guy pile in and the car peel rubber just as lowrey make the doorway . lowrey do not stop . he do not even wait for traffic . in nothing but he underwear , he appear from the building , turn the corner out the door , launch into traffic like a shot , spin off bumper , chase fouchet 's car on foot . a234 ext ./ int . fouchet's car ( intersection ) - day a234 fouchet 's car slide into the intersection and stall traffic . to the right : a footbridge . the car swing a hard right . 234 ext . footbridge 234 where a male nurse push a old man in a wheelchair be in the way . slam ! the nurse tumble up and into fouchet 's windshield . ( continued ) 102 . 234 continued : 234 wheelchair empty and spin . 235 ext . other end of footbridge 235 Metal pylon imbed in concrete . fouchet out of the car ! the door fly open and all three be out in the middle of the stall traffic , Julie be drug along with they . the gang cut down a alley . 236 ext . alley - lowrey 236 turn the corner , run up over car roof and hood . he lower he gun and try to draw a bead on fouchet and the gang . they have get Julie and now they be run . 237 ext . alley - burnett 237 appear behind lowrey . lowrey wave he in another direction . burnett haul one way . lowrey the other . 238 int . beauty salon - day 238 muzak . Old lady get they hair blue and curl when -- bang ! fouchet and the gang enter . curler fly . scream ! lowrey enter . he dive to the floor as casper stop and fire . bullet rip through the salon wall and mirror . lowrey end up under a old lady 's dress . 239 ext . ocean blvd . ( south beach ) 239 exiting the beauty salon and stumbling through a crowded cafe run fouchet and the gang , maul they way through table and patron . lowrey , only moment behind , push he way through the same path . 103 . 240 ext . intersection 240 fouchet stop right in the middle . pick the first car that 's head for he . level a gun on a taxi cab and fire two quick round -- bam bam !! the driver of the car instantly slump . Ferguson 's see this before . he 's around to the driver 's side of the car , pull the dead man out and leave he on the street . casper and fouchet shove Julie inside and they be off again . 241 ext . intersection 241 but here come burnett . cross traffic . he 's get no gun . so he jump aboard fouchet 's car just as it get into gear . the wheel spin . the car lurch ahead . 242 inside cab 242 Ferguson aim he pistol upward . he 's about to fire into the roof when Julie shove he . gunshot ring out sideways . 243 ext . / int . cab 243 bullet rip to either side of burnett . then fouchet stomp on the brake and burnett tumble forward and onto the pavement . close on burnett he roll , make it to one knee . but he other leg give way . fouchet he see he chance and gun the engine . the cab barrel at burnett , who 's stick in the middle of the boulevard , about to become instant roadkill . then -- 244 ext . STREET 244 from out of nowhere , here come lowrey . dash out across the boulevard and snatching he partner from the deadly grille of the cab . ( continued ) 104 . 244 continued : 244 taxi cab haul on by . leave burnett and lowrey in a heap of they own , both try to catch they breath . lowrey do not ever say I be not there for you . 245 ext . miami PD - motorpool - day 245 tac team and uniform cop swarm around they car . all wait as burnett and lowrey arrive in they unmark car . Howard approach . howard it 's about fuckin ' time . burnett we lose the girl . howard but you find the dope , right ? so let 's go get it back . a bicycle bell ring . head turn . and here come a boy on he bike , serpentine he way through the maze of car and cop until he get to lowrey , burnett , and Howard . boy which one of you 's lowrey ? I get something ' for he . lowrey at least I be I again . ( hand out ) I be lowrey . from he back pocket , the boy extract a cellular flip phone . he hand it to lowrey . he press the power button and , almost instantly , it ring . lowrey ( press send ) yeah . this be lowrey . 246 int . freighter - dope lab - day 246 while dope be lift and load from the open hold , fouchet be reveal at the other end of the cellular call . ( continued ) 105 . 246 continued : 246 fouchet I have something for you to listen to . fouchet lift he pistol and fire a single shot . bam ! intercut with -- 247 ext . miami PD - motorpool - lowrey 247 he jolt at the sound of gunfire . 248 int . freighter - dope lab - fouchet 248 where the camera swish pan across to a very dead elliot . fouchet that bullet just kill the chemist . now , I have but four hour leave to make my deal . fuck with my timetable and the next bullet kill the girl . Julie be gag and sit on the floor , scared shitless . 249 ext . miami PD - motorpool - lowrey 249 he 's in a vice . duty or the girl . then -- lowrey you twisted motherfucker ... ( then ... ) jojo , you sonofabitch . when I get my hand on you , I swear , I be gonna kill you . ( hang up ) the snitch who tip we to the dope lab ? turn out to be a bogus address . burnett bogus address ? howard how 's this ? I will kill the little prick for you . that 's cuz you be already dead . ( wave at the troops ) okay , you guy . put them back in the locker . ( continued ) 106 . 249 continued : 249 en masse , all the cop act as if the wind have be knock from they sail . 250 int . low - down bar - day 250 empty , save for the daytime regular at the bar and burnett and lowrey in a rear booth . burnett how would he know we be gear up to go ? it 's like he 's know all along where we be gonna be and when . lowrey you know that once he sell the dope , he 's gonna kill she just like he do Max . burnett Three little angel . Julie keep talk about he three little angel . a barkeeper appear with two beer . burnett automati - cally reach for he wallet . close on burnett' wallet where out pop a picture of he three child . lowrey if she die , I be do with it . the whole cop thing . burnett ( look at he kid ) Three little angel . 251 int . squad room - day 251 francine be at she file desk . look pretty much the same as always . same smile . same easy manner . then the camera revolve around she and settle on that picture on she desk . her three little boy -- include the one in uniform . the camera tilt to -- lowrey and burnett stand over she desk . ( continued ) 107 . 251 continued : 251 neither of they smile . francine hey , fella . what 's the joke . ( as she get nothing back ) really . I want to know . soon , though , the facade fade . francine know she 's be catch . 252 int . lady ' room - day 252 burnett hold the door while lowrey hold francine . she 's break , cry , and give up the ghost of she past . francine it be a birthday party ... you know , after hour . just the civilian staff ... we be drink . and everybody . they all have boy friend or they husband . lowrey so you be alone ? francine he be so nice to I . he say I be beautiful , too . I guess I want to believe he ... ( then ashamed , start to shake ) he take some horrible picture of I . I do not remember any of it . I would have too much to drink . I wonder if he would drugge I . later ... he threaten to show they to my boy ... my little angel . Said he would pin the picture up on the grade school bulletin board for all they classmate to see if I do not do what he want . burnett he want someone inside the p.d .? francine at first , it be about drug bust . dealer under surveillance . ( more ) ( continued ) 108 . 252 continued : 252 francine ( cont 'd ) he would steal from they before we could make the case . and then when the department give the air conditioning to Mr. orona ... burnett anything you can tell we about he ? francine what do you say about someone who rip off drug dealer ? a man like that be not scared of nobody . not the police . not you guy . nobody . ( beat ) he 's the scariest man I ever meet . lowrey yeah . but do he still trust what you tell he ? 253 ext . boatyard - day 253 fouchet be supervise the load of the dope onto three canvas -back , military - style truck when he cellular phone ring . he answer . fouchet yes ? 254 int . howard office - day 254 francine be on the phone with Howard on another extension . francine I have some more information for you , Mr. fouchet . 255 ext . florida power plant ( miami ) - day 255 a Florida power van . Inside ... 256 int . electronics surveillance van - day 256 burnett and lowrey wear headsets , listen in on the conversation between fouchet and francine . intercut with : 109 . 257 ext . boat yard - drug freighter - fouchet 257 he 's surprised to hear from francine . fouchet yes , francine ... what be it ? francine Miami p.d. 's call in the d.e.a. task force . they know the deal 's go down in just two hour . so they have deploy agent to every point of entry , airport , marinas , etc ... fouchet be that all ? francine yes . fouchet I be very pleased , francine . you be the best pet I have ever have . he hang up . 258 int . surveillance van 258 back in the van lowrey turn to sanchez . sanchez get he ! ma Bell say as long as he keep he cellular phone turn on , we can track he . burnett call Howard . tell he we be gonna need lotsa back -up . 259 ext . helicopter shot Pov - flying over dope convoy 259 Three truck make they way through Miami . 260 int . rear cabin of middle dope truck 260 Ferguson be seat and stare across at Julie . across he lap be a shotgun . she may be bruise and abuse . but she 's still get some bite . ( continued ) 110 . 260 continued : 260 julie I forget the formula . Big gun , big dick ? no. Little gun , big dick ? no. Big gun , little dick ? yeah . yeah . I think that 's it . 261 int . forward truck - fouchet 261 the camera zeroe in on he cellular phone . the power light be green . 262 int . surveillance van - day 262 sanchez give the update . sanchez they be turn north onto the Orange highway . burnett we can make better time if we cut across the biscayne Bridge . 263 ext . biscayne bridge - day 263 the van cut across traffic , barely make the ramp which swirl up onto the bridge . 264 ext . orange coast highway NORTH - day 264 the dope convoy roll over the camera . CUT to : 265 ext . orange coast highway NORTH - helicopter Pov shot - 265 day as the convoy make a right turn off the highway onto a old tar and gravel track . 266 ext . orange CITY airfield - close on sign : orange CITY 266 airfield the truck roll toward a old airport which consist of a small , pilot 's terminal and four or so hangar spread out over the ten acre site . 111 . 267 ext . hangar 3 - day 267 two henchmen for the buyer open the yawn door of this massive , five -story hangar to reveal a C - 123 cargo aircraft . the convoy of truck enter . 268 ext . orange highway - day 268 the surveillance van be park at the side of the road . 269 int . surveillance van - day 269 through a floor- mount spotting scope we see the last of the truck roll into hangar 3 and two of the buyer 's henchmen shut the door . burnett that 's it . that 's where they be make the deal . burnett swivel the spot scope . 270 ext . orange CITY airfield - scope' Pov 270 panning left and right across the landscape of tall reed and distant building . finally he stall on a garbage truck and its four-man crew roll dumpster . 271 int . hangar 3 - day 271 fouchet shake hand with the buyer . upon which time one forklift begin to drive pallet full of cash from the open cargo door of the aircraft while another drive pallet full of dope . buyer Three hundred million and very , very fresh . too much to count , eh ? on julie as casper pull she from the rear of a truck and handcuffs she to the door of a cab . buyer who 's the bimbo ? fouchet simply part of another transaction . ( continued ) 112 . 271 continued : 271 the operation move swiftly . dope pallet for cash pallet . smooth , just like the original heist . two fuel truck be move in to gas up the aircraft . 272 ext . airfield - day 272 rounding the corner from hangar 3 -- here come the garbage truck . closer inspection reveal Ruiz and sanchez at the helm with both lowrey and burnett hang from the side . all of they wear dirty white jumpsuit and protective mask . 273 ext . hangar 3 - day 273 the two buyer 's henchmen stiffen at the sight of the oncoming truck . they hand slip inside they coat to mp5 - 's sling under they armpit . but -- 274 ext . hangar 3 - garbage truck - day 274 it veer and swing over toward two nearby dumpster . with sanchez keep a wary eye on the two bad guy and Ruiz to operate the hydraulics , burnett and lowrey drop from the truck and do they best work - for-the-city amble over to the dumpster . Business as usual . they wheel it over and position it in front of the two lift fork where the garbage appear to be expertly lift and dumped into the truck . close on dumpster as it lower , the gear seem to get hang up . the hydraulics ' arm will not work , leave the dumpster stick in the air . ruiz and sanchez begin speak Spanish , one blame the other for this fiasco . angry word . finally , Ruiz have have enough . he toss down he glove and hat and begin stomping off as if he 's just quit he stinking job . he 's head right for the henchmen , he mouth move and spew and move and spew . the henchmen look to each other , not know what to think . ready for anything when -- click click -- gun cocking . both burnett and lowrey be right behind the henchmen with gun at the base of they neck . ( continued ) 113 . 274 continued : 274 burnett mouth shut , foot move . now , walk . 275 ext . hangar # 3 - angle on dumpster 275 as it lift once again to the air , this time dump the two henchmen into the truck . angle - high above truck as the human garbage be deposit . 276 int . hangar 3 - C - 123 - day 276 the buyer buckle himself into the pilot 's seat of the C - 123 . his crew shut the cargo hatches and he give a pleased salute to fouchet . the engine turn over and the propeller move . meanwhile -- 277 int . hangar 3 - truck engine 277 start . load with cash , they be ready to go . fouchet give the signal to open the door . casper and ferguson move to open the door . they give a good shove . still nothing . so they bang and shout . casper hey ! wake up out there ! open it up ! 278 ext . hangar 3 - day 278 one of the dumpster be park in front of the door . no exit . 279 int . hangar 3 - day 279 just as casper and Ferguson give a helpless look to fouchet ... 114 . 280 int . hangar 3 - angle across hangar - day 280 the garbage truck barrel through the rear wall , instantly collide with the leave wing section of aircraft . the wheel assembly buckle and the aircraft twist onto one wing . fuel spill . 281 int . c-123 ( hangar 3 ) - on buyer 281 toss from he seat and throw across throttle . the engine roar ! 282 int . hangar - one canvas - backed truck 282 the tarpaulin rip and a pallet of cash bust open . money swirl inside the hangar . 283 int./ ext . C - 123 - cargo door 283 open . henchmen ready to kill . then -- 284 from empty dumpster 284 pop up burnett and lowrey . mp5 - 's in hand . they blaze the cargo door and CUT down the rest of the buyer 's henchmen . casper and ferguson charge . gun blasting . bullet rip across the dumpster , move up into the truck cab . Ruiz and sanchez dive and roll to either side . meanwhile , the spark ignite the spill fuel . lowrey move it or lose it ! burnett and lowrey climb from the dumpster and run . casper and Ferguson have a clear shot . they level and aim , but ... kuh - whoom ! the fuel tank on the aircraft explode . the truck driver dive for cover . charge for the open hole in the wall . 115 . 285 int . aircraft ( hangar 3 ) 285 Inside the aircraft the precious dope catch fire . 286 int . hangar 3 - on casper and ferguson 286 look through the flame . shield they eye . Ruiz and sanchez appear from behind . sanchez remember we ? the two bad guy turn with they gun . the flame ignite they already batter face . but they do not turn fast enough . both cop FIRE in unison . Ferguson and casper fall . pull back -- 287 int . hangar 3 - wide angle 287 one aircraft engine still roaring . the money swirl and burn , fall from the roof like a fiery rain . and -- 288 int . hangar 3 - lowrey and burnett 288 ease through the wreckage , ever-so-cautious . lowrey Julie ! julie ( o.s. ) Michael ! her voice echoes . CUT to : 289 int . hangar 3 - fouchet 289 he 's handcuff himself to Julie , drag she deeper and deeper into the hangar . the smoke be get thicker and swirl with the burn cash . 290 int . hangar 3 - burnett and lowrey 290 signal between the two . they split wider . move toward that lock door . 291 int . hangar 3 - back on fouchet 291 at the lock door . he shove against they in a futile rage . Julie begin to choke on the fume . 116 . 292 int . hangar 3 - separate shot - burnett and lowrey 292 each place they face against they own sleeve . the smoke be thicker , swirl in wave . 293 int . hangar - door - fouchet 293 shove the door . push and push . then -- 294 from hail of smoke and burning cash 294 appear lowrey and burnett . twenty yard apart and close . gun carefully aim . fouchet pull Julie close . fouchet I be go to fuck she , then kill she . now it look like I be only go to do the latter . lowrey either we o.d. on the air or the whole place blow . we be die anyway . burnett let she go and you will walk . you can keep the dope and the money . ( cough ) just the girl and we all get out of here . fouchet what if I do not have the key . julie he throw it in the -- fouchet ( yank she ) shut up ! it 's go . she 's dead . unless you move aside . burnett ease further right . gun carefully aim . his eye be sting . lowrey go leave . but he 's lowering he gun . fouchet pull Julie closer . gun at she head . look to burnett . while lowrey be nodd to Julie . nodding for she to -- ( continued ) 117 . 294 continued : 294 lowrey Drop , Julie ! she drop . burnett have a clear shot when -- 295 hangar door 295 swing wide and way , way open . blind light . noise . helicopter . and about fifty cop at the ready . round chamber . rifles levele . 296 quick shot 296 fouchet , Julie , lowrey , burnett . all with the same idea . they bolt for daylight as fast as they can go because -- 297 hangar 297 explode in such a concussion it knock all four of they to the dirt . the hangar crumble . 298 ext . hangar - close on burnett 298 as he look back on the conflagration . burnett sanchez and Ruiz ... then -- fouchet with julie he yank she back up onto she foot , wild - eye . he 's still get the gun on she . lowrey ( hand up for all the cop to see ) do not shoot !!! hold you fire !!! fouchet twist Julie for all to see . the cop ' rifle sight , all glint in the sun . fouchet I will kill the girl !!! ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 118. 298 continued : 298 fouchet raise Julie 's hand high in the air to show all of they the handcuffs when -- ka - pow ! -- a shot ring out . close on cuff the link be snap in two by the bullet . Julie fall to the ground . while -- burnett and lowrey unload they clip in a crescendo of gunfire . fouchet crumple in a heap . CUT to : 299 ext . hangar - howard 299 the eye behind the smoking sniper rifle . he reveal a pleasure smile . howard swish . then he turn to sinclair , who stand only foot away . howard investigate that , asshole . 300 ext . hangar - julie 300 she find she foot and run to lowrey . right into he arm . he hold she tight , but she wince from a nasty cut on she shoulder . julie ow . this shit really hurt . lowrey stick around . I will give you a bullet to bite . finally -- sanchez and ruiz they appear . alive and well . Big grin , help burnett to he foot . brush he off . burnett hey , hey ... ( then with a smile ) let 's go get we job back . bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 119 . 301 ext . burnett house - day 301 the front door open and all the little burnett come scream out ... burnett kide daddy daddy daddy the hero !!! ... into the arm of they father . he gather they all into one big hug . burnett daddy 's home ! behind burnett appear lowrey and Julie , arm in arm . the kid run to ... burnett kide uncle Mike , uncle Mike . then ... burnett baby ! theresa frame in the front doorway , look smash in the outfit lowrey pick out for she . burnett amble up the walk into she arm . they hug and kiss , theresa toss a wink lowrey 's way . lowrey manana , partner . peace . okay , kid . pile in . and watch the leather and window this time ? julie you get a real way with kid , lowrey . lowrey you see anybody complain ? burnett hey . where be the kid goin ' ? theresa do not you know ? we get we a new babysitter . she kiss he . burnett you mean ... theresa it 's quality time , Marcus . ( continued ) bad boy - Rev. 6/24/94 pm 120. 301 continued : 301 burnett shut the door on the camera . the screen goe to black . then under credit : 302 omitted 302 through through 304 304 305 int . lowrey' condo - bathroom - night 305 Little megan be on the potty . she catch lowrey as he pass . megan ( v.o. ) uncle Mike . I do it ! the end