road to perdition by David self base on the graphic novel " Road to perdition " by Max allan Collins & Richard P. rayner the Zanuck company donmar film dreamwork skg fade in : ext . lake - perdition , mich . - 1931 - day wave lap against a sand beach . a 12 year old boy , michael , stand face the still water , he back to we . michael ( v.o. ) there be many storey about Michael Sullivan . some say he be a decent man . some say there be no good in he at all . but I once spend six week on the road with he in the winter of 1931 . fade to white : michael ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this be we story . ext . industrial area - rock island , ill - day a dark spec emerge over the crest of a hill from endless white snow : michael sullivan , 12 , bike towards we with a satchel of newspaper over he shoulder . his face be wrap in a long woolen scarf . he speed along , dwarf by a vast stretch of close factories . smoke billow from a pair of smoke stack . worker pour out the gated entrance . ext . entrance - JOHN deere plant - day Michael stand in the tide of worker , hold up he papers . michael thank you , sir . much oblige to you . man die in factory accident ! get you paper here ! various worker dig in pocket for change . michael ( cont ’d ) hot off the press , only five cent ! Michael ride he bike through a throng of walk worker . ext . industrial area - day Michael ride past another huge factory . ext . MAIN STREET - rock island - day Michael cycle down main street . Cars drive in both direction . he cycle down the center of the road . the car narrowly miss he on either side . he cycle past some boarded up shop , stop outside : int . drug store - day Michael park he bike . enter . he drop he newspaper bag on the counter . the owner count the papers as Michael unwrap he scarf . now we see he face for the first time . innocent . inquisitive . Michael pay for the papers he 's sell . as for the owner ring up the transaction , Michael take a pouch of bugler tobacco from the counter . while Michael receive he commission change with one hand , the other hand slip the tobacco into the waistband of he trousers . michael thanks , mister Miller Michael walk out onto the street . ext . suburban STREET - day Michael be cycle along , one hand to steer the bike , the other to puff on he light pipe . ext . ST . peter 's church - day Michael pass by a catholic church . ext . sullivan house - day Michael coast onto a long , tree -line driveway lead up to a large house . to the side be a detach garage . Woods beyond . Michael sense danger ... suddenly , a figure lunge out from behind a tree and throw a snowball . it be he brother , peter , 10 . Michael be hit and fall off he bike spectacularly , the pipe fly from he mouth . ( continued ) continued : he pick up a snowball and fire one back at peter who fall backwards , stunne , as if shot in the forehead . Peter roll on the ground until he be still . michael and peter lie a few yard apart . ' Dead 's . they breath smoking in the air . ext . sullivan house - day close : reflection in glass window of the boy in the snow . a woman 's face look out and smile . int . sullivan house - kitchen - day from inside the house they mother , annie sullivan , 40' , watch Michael and Peter lie in the snow . sound of a distant car approach . ext . sullivan house - day Michael and Peter leap to they foot dusting off the snow on they clothes . a car appear in the driveway . they stand , almost to attention , as the car approach . Michael bury he pipe in the snow with he foot . the car drive past they . peter chase the car to the garage . Michael watch . int . sullivan house - kitchen - early evening ( later ) Michael and Peter be do they homework at the table . Annie be cooking . Michael look down to he work : math . a blank page . he glance at Peter who write fluently in he school book . Annie sense she eldest son struggle with he homework . it 's not a unusual occurrence . she move over to he , bend down , whisper in he ear conspiratorially : annie I nil help you with it later .... Michael smile . she kiss he cheek . annie ( cont 'd ) you go fetch you father . int . sullivan house - landing - early evening Michael come up the stair onto the landing . at the end of the corridor be the half - open door to he parent 's bedroom through which he glimpsis he father , sullivan . we do not see he face . on michael : watch in silence , cautious yet fascinate by the mystery of a father 's ritual : close : Sullivan remove he tie and gracefully lay it on the bed ... next to it , he lay some key and rosary bead ... he remove a holster colt 45 and place it next to they . michael pa ? Sullivan sense he son . he remove he jacket and place it over the gun . sullivan mm-hm . michael dinner 's ready . sullivan thank you . Michael walk back down the corridor . int . sullivan house - dine room - evening a formal scene : family at table . boy silent and scrubbed . michael ( praying ) bless we oh Lord for this thy gift which we be about to receive through the bounty of Jesus Christ we Lord . amen . all amen . they make the sign of the cross and begin to eat . ext . sullivan house - day ( next day ) Sullivan sit in the driver 's seat of the car see before . engine be run . Michael get in the back . ( continued ) continued : both Sullivan and Michael be formally dress . Sullivan look at he son via the rear view mirror . sullivan Michael . michael Sir ? sullivan it 's a wake . so I do not wanna see that dice . michael no , sir . Sullivan observe he in the mirror , unsure whether he 's lie . Michael look out the window . ext . rooney 's estate - day the car pull into the circular drive of a sprawling victorian estate . Sullivan and he family get out . various people , some of they poor , but all of they wear they best clothes , head into the mansion . int . rooney 's mansion - hall - day Sullivan open the door , let they into a dark , lavish hall . mourner , laugh and chatter . Old woman , work man , scruffy child ; the people contrast with the ornate interior . Sullivan remove he hat and steer he family through the throng into - int . rooney 's mansion - ante room - day a quiet room . Annie , Sullivan and the boy enter . Sullivan and Michael head o.s. to the coffin to pray they respects ... as Annie follow , Peter hang back , not want to go . peter ( whisper ) I do not want to go . annie it 's all right , honey . come on . peter no. I be scared . ( continued ) continued : Annie understand and relent , stay back . Sullivan and Michael approach . in front of a fire , a OPEN coffin rest on a bed of ice . bucket catch the drip . Sullivan notice Michael 's curiosity . sullivan Ice help preserve the body . Sullivan and Michael kneel and pray . after a few second Michael peek over the edge at the dead man ; the skin , waxy and pale . penny on he eye . fascinating . Michael glance at Sullivan . his eye be close in prayer . Sullivan make the sign of the cross . Michael follow he lead . Sullivan rise , with Michael and turn to find rooney lean against the door , smile . he be a man of 70 's , handome . rooney who 's get a hug for a lonely old man ? Michael and Peter rush to he , delighted . he scoops they up in turn . rooney ( cont 'd ) now which be which ? do not help I ! ( indicate to Michael ) peter. ( indicate to Peter ) and ... Michael . the boy groan at he usual ' mistake on purpose 's . Sullivan smile . rooney ( cont 'd ) Annie . Mike . good to see you . rooney ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to Michael ) do you bring the necessary ? Michael nod , surreptitiously . peter ( excited whisper ) yes . ( continued ) continued : rooney ( to Sullivan ) if you will excuse I , I have some urgent business with this young gentleman . he lead the boy away , one on each arm . Sullivan watch they depart , quietly amused . int . rooney 's mansion - basement - evening close : two dice roll up against a white - tile wall . Michael and Peter leap excitedly into the air . michael yeah ! peter ( overlap ) winner ! winner ! rooney sit on a crate . mock devastate . mop he brow with he handkerchief . rooney call the cop . I know hustler when I see ‘em . michael no hustle ol 's timer ! peter pay the man ! paternally , rooney pull Michael in , slide he arm around he . rooney upstair . jacket pocket in my study . before I change my mind int . rooney 's mansion - stair - night Michael run up the stair . int . rooney 's mansion - corridor - night Michael look for rooney 's study . he find it at the end of the corridor . he push the door open . int . rooney 's study - night Inside , the curtain be draw . connor rooney , late 30' , handsome , lie on a couch , smoking . a glass of whisky beside he . as Michael enter , connor be look straight at he . connor hello . michael hello ... connor ( not unfriendly ) remind I , which little Sullivan be you ? michael Michael , sir. connor Sir ? you do not have to call I sir . I be not you pa . michael no , Mr. rooney connor call I connor . no , call I uncle connor . connor turn away from he . michael look at rooney 's jacket on the back of the desk chair . consider go to it , but be too scared . connor ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? michael mister rooney send I to get he jacket . connor why do not you come back later , huh ? I be busy . michael yes ... sir. ( continued ) continued : Michael leave , close the door behind he . int . rooney 's mansion - grand parlor - night ( later ) close : a glass a spoon tap it . the room go quiet . rooney take the stage . take he have write speech out . rooney hello ! hello ! I want to welcome all of you to my home . it 's good to have so many friend in this house again . since Mary die , it 's - well - it 's just be I and my boy , rattling around in this room ... he unfold he write speech , decide against it . rooney ( cont 'd ) I have this speech prepare , but it would be dishonest of I to say that I know Danny well . but lose one of we , it hurt we all . ( murmur of approval ) I ’1l1 tell you what I do remember though . and Finn will remember this too . and that 's ... Danny on the high school football team . a championship game : down six point , ten second leave to play , four yard to go . Danny tackle he own quarterback . ( laughter ) mistake . you know , we all make ’em God know . rooney look to finn mcgovern , who do not respond . rooney ( cont 'd ) let 's drink to Danny 's honor . let 's wake he to God . all around the room the whiskey bottle come out . rooney hold up he whiskey bottle . rooney ( cont 'd ) and hope he get to heaven at least a hour before the Devil find out he 's dead . the quote capture Michael 's attention as the room drink and cry '' amen '' . ( continued ) 10 . continued : rooney ( cont ’d ) to Danny ! mourner ( in unison ) to Danny ! rooney and now , we good friend , Finn mcgovern , will say a few word . word , I will wager , that have a little more poetry than mine . applause . mcgovern take the stage , rooney hug he . mcgovern thank you , John . my brother Danny be not wise , nor be he gentle . and with a skinfull of liquor in he ... he be a pain in the ass . Gentle laughter from the crowd . mcgovern ( cont ’d ) bute he be loyal . and brave . and he never tell a lie . close : Sullivan watch mcgovern closely . mcgovern ( cont ’d ) he have have enjoy this party . I and the family , we want to say thank you to we generous host . where would this town be without Mr. John rooney . God love you . Big murder approval . rooney bow he head , humbly . mcgovern ( cont ’d ) ( look at rooney ) I have work for you many year now John , nearly half my life ... and we have never have a disagreement ... but ... close : rooney watch . steely . close : Sullivan , ready to take action . ( continued ) 11 . continued : mcgovern ( cont ’d ) ( emotional ) I have come to realize that you rule this town as God rule the earth ... you give and take away . swiftly , a seemingly friendly Sullivan move up onto the makeshift stage and firmly , but gently grab hold of Finn 's arm and lead he to the door . rooney glance to the band to strike up some music . close : Michael watch . two of Finn 's friend follow they out . close : connor watch , then follow they out as well . ext . rooney 's mansion - night mcgovern 's man walk ahead - one get behind the wheel , one open the car door - as we remain on mcgovern lean on Sullivan who help he walk to the car . connor catch up to the other side of mcgovern to help , but mcgovern swipe he away , drunk . mcgovern I be go to bury my brother , then I be go to deal with you . Sullivan brushes off the drunken rave . sullivan sure , Finn , sure . you ’1ll take care of all of we once you get a good night 's sleep . Sullivan and mcgovern continue , exite off camera as we stay on connor , for who this be not a drunken remark - but a direct threat . mcgovern be help into a truck by Sullivan and mcgovern 's two friend . the truck pull away . Sullivan return to connor 's side as the truck disappear down the driveway and rooney approach they . rooney be he all right ? ( continued ) 12 . continued : connor ( casually ) yeah , he 's fine . just too much to drink . i’11 talk to he . rooney take Mike with you . connor no , pa - I will be fine . rooney take Mike with you ... and just talk . nothing more . rooney walk back to the house michael be watch the three of they from the front doorway . Sullivan see Michael watch - wonder what he hear or understand . they eye meet . int . rooney 's mansion - grand parlor - night it be later . the musician be play a reel . the majority of the crowd be drunk and dance . amongst the crowd , we see the follow : a young girl invite michael to dance . he stand up , but shake he head , decline . rooney , shuffle charmingly across the room in time to the music . a glass of whisky in each hand . annie be dance with sean , ( one of rooney 's man ) . she whirl around , hair fly . sullivan sit to the side , watch she . connor be dance with a young girl . he be very good - slick , smooth . on-looker cheer he on . the music finish . connor end with a deftly execute dip . everyone applaud . the sound of a piano . the open cord of a irish AIR . '' aaah '' from the crowd . CUT to : ( continued ) 13 . continued : rooney sit at the piano , play . the room slowly go quiet . he catch Sullivan 's eye amongst the crowd , gesture he over with he head . Sullivan join he on the piano stool . begins to play along with he , hesitant at first , then gradually get into the flow . a memory of childhood . close : connor watch he father and Sullivan through the crowd . he be smile , though he eye be not . close : Annie smile slightly . close : rooney and Sullivan 's hand move in concert , two hard man seamlessly produce a delicate , melancholy tune . the crowd applaud . Sullivan and rooney nod at each other , a unspoken bond . connor watch , jealous . still grin . he feel a presence , and look down to see peter . peter why be you always smile ? connor stare at he . connor ' Cause it 's all so fuckin’ hysterical . int . sullivan house - boy 's bedroom - night Michael sit in bed and use a flashlight to illuminate he read . he quietly turn the page of he lone ranger comic book . ( n.b . this book have text on the leave hand page , and a single , caption cartoon on the right hand page ] we see the page Michael read : plate 1 : '' moonlight stream into the room . '' suddenly , from he bed across the room , Peter whisper peter Michael ? michael what ? ( continued ) 14 . continued : peter I have a nightmare . it be about Mr. rooney 's house . michael it 's just a house . a big house . go back to sleep . peter be Mr. rooney rich like the Babe ? michael richer . peter ( a beat ) be we rich ? michael no stupid . a long silence . Michael turn a page . plate 2 : '' a man climb in at the window . '' peter what 's papa 's job ? michael he work for Mr. rooney . peter why ? michael well , papa do not have a father . so , Mr. rooney look after he . peter I know that . but what 's he job ? Michael go very still . he do not know , but can not admit it . he try to escape back in the lone ranger . michael ( stare at the page ) he go on mission for Mr. rooney ... they be very dangerous , that 's why he bring he gun ... ( continued ) 15 . continued : Michael turn a page in the comic book . plate 3 : '' he have the sheriff cover . '' michael ( cont 'd ) sometimes even the President send he on mission ... because papa be a war hero and all . Peter consider . sober . pronounce : peter you be just make that up . michael I be not ! pause . Peter sigh . turn over in bed . peter it 's all so fuckin’ hysterical . close on michael : genuinely shocked . int . sullivan house - kitchen - morning Sullivan family at breakfast . Sullivan be finish he coffee , and put on he jacket . sullivan Peter , I can not come to you concert tonight . I be work . Michael and Peter look up . peter ( eye flick to Michael : curious ) work at what ? annie ( swiftly ) put food on you plate , young man . Michael continue eat , feign disinterest . sullivan all right , boy . come on . clear the plate . Peter pick up he plate and carry they toward the sink , then step over to Sullivan , who hug he . ( continued ) 16 . continued : sullivan ( cont 'd ) you be a good lad . Michael note the gesture . int . school room - day Michael sit at he desk at the back of the classroom , gaze out the window . his teacher drone on in the background . Michael 's mind be elsewhere . ext . sullivan house - early evening Michael arrive home . he park he bike . he look over toward the garage . he think . he go into the house . ext . sullivan house - evening it 's later . rain have begin to fall . the door of the house open . Sullivan walk out of the house , toward the garage . int . sullivan garage - evening Sullivan 's shadow appear in the doorway of the garage . he enter . he walk past the car . he unlock a cupboard . he take a black case from the cupboard and get into the car . ext . sullivan garage - evening the car roll out of the garage , into the rain . int / ext . sullivan 's car - night the car pull in outside the HOTEL florence . Sullivan look out the window . connor run out the hotel and get in the car , he sit in the passenger seat . the car pull away . 17 . int / ext . sullivan be car - road - night ( moving ) outskirt of town . head for the industrial area . still raining . connor you want a shot ? connor offer a flask . Sullivan shake '' no '' . connor shrug and drink . Sullivan can tell he 's already high . then , connor glance to the back of the car , see something . the black case . sullivan we be just talk to he . right ? connor sure . connor light a cigarette , crumple the empty pack , and toss it over he shoulder . close on : the black case on the back seat . suddenly , the lid of the seat lift , and we realize michael be inside . he lift the seat a couple of inch and peek out at Sullivan and connor in the front seat . ext . alley behind warehouse - night a narrow alley among the group of brick building . rain hammer the car as it roll out of the shadow , light out . int . sullivan 's car - night michael be Pov : as he peek out through he one inch gap . SOUND of : rain crumb on the car roof . Michael carefully lower the seat . sullivan ''s arm reach over to pick up the black case . CUT to : 18 . int . sullivan 's car - under seat - night darkness . SOUND of : the case be open on the back seat . mechanical sound . Metal lock together . canister snap onto gun . car door shut . Michael , just visible , think . SOUND of : the rain on the car roof . slowly , Michael pull himself out from the seat and look out the windshield : michael 's Pov : Dark alley . Glass blurred by rain . then ... stand under a lamp over the back entrance to a warehouse , he see he father and connor . connor be knock on the door . Sullivan be hold a long black object . Michael climb into the front seat to see they better . breath too hard on the window and it fog . wipe it away ... connor and Sullivan have go . int . sullivan 's car ( minute later ) Michael sit in the driver 's seat . keeping down , but watch the warehouse door . he make a decision . ext . ally - night Michael move through the shadow . he go to the door . hear voice inside , faint . he need to see . spot something further down the alley - a SMALL door a few plank at the bottom rotted away . dim light spill out into the alley . Michael move to the door . peer in through the gap at the bottom . michael 's Pov : in the center of a huge warehouse , finn mcgovern sit in a chair . ( continued ) 19 . continued : connor stand . he 's in the middle of talk to mcgovern . no sign of Sullivan . connor .-.- do not get I wrong , Finn . I feel for you . I do . but you can not leta thing like that give you cause to go mouth off . you and my dad go back many year . he 's a just man . ( smile sympathetically ) so what do you say ? mcgovern glance beyond connor 's shoulder at Sullivan , who we do not see . sullivan ( 0.s. ) come on now , Finn . l let 's make this easy . mcgovern nod . michael 's Pov : as Sullivan speak , he step right in front of the door . from now on , Sullivan 's foot partially obscure Michael 's view . connor ( slightly more threaten ) we can not hear you ! mcgovern all right . connor smile connor good . thank you . and I be sorry . I be sorry for you loss . I be sorry for this misunderstanding ... and I be sorry you brother be such a fuckin’ liar . connor make for the door . two of mcgovern 's man step out from the shadow . they be carry rifle . CUT to : 20 . int / ext . warehouse - night michael 's Pov : Sullivan 's shoe two foot in front of he eye . CUT back to : mcgovern ' wrestle 's with himself - he want to speak out . mcgovern my brother be not a liar . connor stop . slight smile . turn ... nothing the two man , who close in around mcgovern . Michael see the shadow , but do not see the man yet . connor Excuse I ? mcgovern to protect my family , and keep my job , I all stay quiet . but do not think I do not know something 's go on . and do not think I will not find out what it be . connor walk back toward mcgovern . connor whoa ... michael 's Pov : through he father 's leg he see the man begin to raise they gun . mcgovern ( to he man and Sullivan ) easy . we be just talk . ( to connor ) you tell you father , my brother never steal from he . I have check the book , he never sell no booze to no - one . every single barrel be account for. ( beat ) anyway if he have 'a sell it , where 's the money ? connor fuck should I know ? d' you check he mattress ? ( continued ) 21 . continued : mcgovern maybe you should check yours . connor look , there 's something immoral here , do not you think so Mike ? my beloved father throw you undeserve little brother the wake of he life and this be you thank you ? what a hideous world this be . mcgovern ( rise to the bait ) you think you be so smart ?! you think we do not know ? I mean , you have be spend so much time in Chicago ... connor whip out he pistol and put two bullet into mcgovern . as the cohort raise they rifle , sullivan open FIRE . the kill of all three man last five second : sudden , brutal , swift . the huge volume of the gunfire echoe in the room . michael' Pov : through Sullivan 's leg . brass casing fall in front of he eye . horrify . the bloody face of one of the man hit the floor directly in front of Michael 's face . eye open . Michael freeze in terror . CUT back to : connor , exhilarate and frighten . he stand , breathe heavily . sullivan ( angry ) what be that ? connor we be outta here . connor move to the door . Sullivan be leave stand . sullivan Jesus Christ , conor ! what the hell be you think . ( continued ) 22 . continued : connor keep walk . connor see a hand under the small door . connor ( point ) there . then Sullivan see it . he run to the door . ext . alley behind warehouse - night Sullivan barge out into the alley , brandish he Tommy gun , and chase the flee figure . his exit be block by and iron fence , Michael cower . Sullivan lower he gun as he catch up to he . then he see who it be ... sullivan oh , Jesus . Michael recoil . Sullivan stare in disbelief . finally approach , gun hang at he side . sullivan ( cont 'd ) Michael Michael cower . can not answer . sullivan ( cont 'd ) be you hurt ? a long beat . Michael crouch there in shock , trap at the end of the alley . he shake he head no . sullivan ( cont 'd ) you see everything ? ( off he nod ) Jesus . he glance back to connor , mind reeling , suddenly calculate a new host of danger . Michael shiver in the rain . sullivan ( cont 'd ) you be not to speak of this to anyone . you understand ? not anyone ! connor approach . Michael stare at the two man , nightmare figure stand there , look at he . ( continued ) 23 . continued : connor who 's this ? ( star at Michael ) be this one of yours ? sullivan he must have be hide in the car . connor ( calm sobriety ) can he keep a secret ? sullivan he 's my son . the two man gauge each other , tense . connor re-groups , look at Michael one last time , then turn to Sullivan . connor good enough for I . you take he home . I think I 'il walk . ( beat . put he collar up ) perfect night for a stroll connor step from the doorway into the pour rain . Sullivan watch he walk down the alley . without turn back , connor wave good night . ext . sullivan garage the car pull into the garage . int . sullivan 's car - sullivan garage - night sullivan kill the engine . they stare out at they home . neither ready to go in . michael do mama know ? sullivan you mother know I love Mr. rooney . when we have nothing , he give we a home . a life . and we owe he . do you understand ? Michael look to Sullivan . pause . ( continued ) 24 . continued : sullivan ( cont 'd ) do you understand ? michael ( nodd ) yes . sullivan come on inside . int . boy 's bedroom - night Michael lie awake . he stare at the ceiling . the reflection of the rain . his hand be ball into fist . int . sullivan garage - night close : Sullivan wipe down the gun . close : clean he hand . Sullivan pack up he machine gun into the black case . put the case in the cupboard and lock it . stands , deep in think . int . sullivan house - kitchen - next day Michael , Peter and Annie at Breakfast . Michael can not eat . Sullivan enter . sits. look at Michael who will not look back . after a pause : annie boy , clear you plate , please . michael I will do it later . annie it 's time for school now , just - michael it 's only a plate . Annie , puzzle , look to Sullivan for support ... Sullivan just look at the table , unable to respond . Annie be amaze . car horn sound outside . 25 . ext . sullivan house - morning a large , black car [ pierce Arrow ] pull up to the house . Peter rush out . jimmy be drive . he get pit of the car and open the back door . rooney step out . hug Peter . rooney Peter ! int . sullivan house - kitchen - morning ( continuous ) Sullivan watch , concerned as Michael come out of the house . Annie come to the window , next to he . annie what 's he do here ? Sullivan look to Annie . sullivan Michael be hide in the car when I wen out last night . annie oh Jesus , Mike - sullivan ( cut she off ) I have speak to he . it will not happen again . ext . sullivan house - morning Michael walk he bicycle toward the road . rooney approach he . rooney just the feller ! ( surreptitious ) we secret , right ? Michael look at he nervous . rooney frown . rooney ( cont 'd ) I be talk about the dice . rooney hand he a large silver coin . Michael take it , reluctantly . rooney ( cont 'd ) a man of honor always pay he debt ... ( more ) ( continued ) 26 . continued : rooney ( cont ’d ) ( he lean in , close ) ..- and keep he word . michael I be gonna be late for school . Michael pedal away . rooney watch he . Sullivan come out of the house , put on he coat . rooney look at the window . Annie watch he . he wave , friendly . close : Annie , worried . ext . rock island restaurant - morning establish shot . int . rock island restaurant - morning Sullivan and rooney sit inside a booth have coffee . this be rooney 's local restaurant . rooney how be Michael ? be he ok ? sullivan ( grateful ) I have speak to he . he understand . rooney that 's tough , see that for the first time . Sullivan remember and nod . rooney smile , warmly ; rooney ( cont 'd ) well -- you turn out . ( sense he distress ) you can not protect he forever . if it be not this , it would be something else . ( off Sullivan 's look . ) Natural law . son be put on this earth to trouble they father . Sullivan love this man . 27 . int . school room - day a cheer crowd of boy encourage a fight . as we move closer we see that it 's michael fight with another ( bigger ) boy . Michael punch and kick wildly - completely out of control . int . rooney 's mansion - grand parlor - early evening rooney sit at the head of the long table . connor on he right . sullivan , behind , in shadow . rooney 's bodyguard sean and jimmy stand at the door . eight other men at the table : representative of various arm of the business : distillery . casino . brothel . food , coffee , drink on the table . it 's towards the end of a meeting . there be one empty chair at the table : the one finn mcgovern use to sit in . jack kelly , a man in he 50 's , smart suit , the family 's accountant and lawyer be in mid-speech : kelly John also make it clear that Finn mcgovern 's operation will be divide up locally among two territory that John will select personally . I would like to take this moment to thank we friend mister rance , for interrupt a busy travel schedule to pay we a visit . rance be introduce , sit at the table . he drink lemon tea . he nod . rance thank you , Jack . kelly mister rance meet with John and I earlier to make another bid for we involvement in the union . rooney and I tell mister rance what I tell he before . what man do after work be what make we all rich . no need to screw ‘em at work as well . ( continued ) 28 . continued : kelly be there any other business ? rooney yes rooney glance at a empty chair . a pause . rooney ( cont 'd ) connor , be there something you would like to say about last night ? he look at he son . connor clearly be not plan on talk . he 's unprepare and misread the atmosphere ... connor ( from he chair ) I would like to apologize for what happen . especially toy you , pa - two wake in a month , what can I say ? pause . some laughter in the room . rooney be furious . rooney we lose a good man last night . you think it 's funny ? try again ... connor try to maintain he cool . connor I would like to apologize for -- bang ! rooney slam he hand on the table . rooney ( not look at he ) you would like to apologize ? try again ! connor push away he chair and stand , like a disobedient child . the room do not know where to look . connor gentlemen . my apology . on connor : humiliate . a uncomfortable pause . Kelly , a decent man , let connor off the hook by move on : kelly be everyone clear about bit-borrower ? there 's be far too many debt outstanding . ( continued ) 29 . continued : rooney Mike ? sullivan just give I they name . tell I who to visit . rooney thank you gentleman . ( to Sullivan ) come upstairs . they all get up . rooney put he arm around Sullivan as they exit . warm and familiar . connor observe this . the room empty . he sit at the head of the huge table , alone . deep in think . int . school room - night Michael have be keep behind after school . his teacher be mark book . Michael write line on the blackboard : I will not fight with other boy . ext . rooney 's mansion - driveway - night ( later ) it 's later . Sullivan walk to he car . connor Mike ! Sullivan turn . connor approach he . he take out a sealed envelope . connor ( cont 'd ) dad forget to give you this . reminder for tony calvino . Sullivan take the letter , put it in he coat pocket . connor ( cont 'd ) he 's light again . sullivan you come ? ( continued ) 30 . continued : connor nah. ( slight smile ) I be under house arrest for a while . ( beat ) look , I be sorry about last night . I be . I be ... you know . beat . sullivan alright . sullivan get in the car . connor wave he off . ext . STREET - night Sullivan get out of he car and make for the back entrance of calvino 's speakeasy . he get to the stairway , lead to a basement door . a sign : subway pool and billiard . a bouncer ( frank ) stand at the bottom of the stair . he turn . frank help you sir , or just lookin’ ? sullivan here to see tony calvino . frank yeah , and who be you ? sullivan Mike Sullivan Frank pale . frank oh . yes sir . sullivan you gonna frisk I ? frank should I ? sullivan it 's a good idea . Frank pat he down , and find a gun . ( continued ) 31 . continued : sullivan ( cont 'd ) that 's the only one . int . florence HOTEL - connor 's suite - night a plush room . lit by a single lamp . connor sit in a armchair . wearing he coat . he take a slug of he drink . look at he watch . int . subway pool & billiard - night Frank escort Sullivan through the club . he 's very nervous in Sullivan 's presence . they're in a bar area , dance couple . a jazz band play . loud . frank shout above they : frank I mean , I be not a grow man and this place be get to I . every night there 's trouble . nobody 's get no dough , but all the world 's here waste it . always money for frill and twist , never money for food . sometimes I despair of the species you know ? they go through yet another door , find themselves in a brothel . the room be fill with chair . prostitute sit around as men walk amongst they , make they selection . a older woman stand at the door , shout out a number : woman number twelve in the beauty parlor . who 's the lucky face ? a girl approach a customer who nod to she . he and he whore head through a door . Sullivan and frank follow they back into ... a corridor . frank I be not from here originally . thing be what they be , job be not hang off of tree . Sullivan and Frank pass other close velvet curtain . sound of sex within . ( continued ) 32 . continued : frank ( cont 'd ) I be a boxer by trade - nine consecutive title . a record for South Orange . I have make a pretty good bodyguard , I think . they get to the end of the corridor . frank ( cont 'd ) what I be say ... be Mr. rooney look for anyone ... anyone like I , for example ? any chance you might ask he ? sullivan sure . frank oh , thank you , Mr. Sullivan . thank you very much . I appreciate it . frank knock on the door of the office and go in , leave Sullivan in the hall with another guard . int . calvino 's office - night frank come in . facing he be tony calvino , 30 's , drug addle . his office be a mess . bucket catch drip water from overhead pipe . he sit at he desk , inhale dope form under a glass . he look up at frank , stone . frank Mr. calvino ... Mike Sullivan 's here . calvino aaah , shit . frank he want to see you . calvino aaah , shit . be he pack ? frank ( proudly ) not any more . ( continued ) 33 . continued : calvino ( unwilling ) all right . show he in . hey ... you stick around , ok ? Frank nod and go to the door . calvino take a .38 out of he drawer , lay it on the desk , cover it with a magazine . other object on the desk be reverberate from the loud music next door . frank show Sullivan in . calvino ( cont 'd ) ( obsequious ) hey , how the hell be you ? thing good with the old man ? sullivan yeah . calvino what bring you here ? do not imagine it 's the pussy . sullivan I have a letter for you from Mr. rooney . Sullivan hand the envelope to he . calvino ( innocently ) be I behind again ? Sullivan nod . calvino ( cont 'd ) be I in trouble ? sullivan I do not know . calvino reach for the letter opener . he slit the end of the envelope . Sullivan glance at the magazine on the desk . calvino unfold the letter . read . no reaction . close : Sullivan 's nothing calvino 's lack of reaction . the wall reverberate with the music outside . Sullivan 's eye flick down to the table . ( continued ) 34 . continued : close on the magazine : the vibration of the music jolt it , revealing a glimpse of a gun . calvino hold the letter . thinks . look up at Sullivan . calvino flick eye at frank who be stand behind Sullivan . a long beat . sullivan sense calvino go for the gun . as calvino shift in he chair Sullivan whip the gun from under the magazine and shoot he in the head . calvino fall head first onto the desk , scatter everything on it . in a flash , Sullivan have turn on frank . Frank be fumble with he gun . Sullivan shoot he . the force of the bullet throw he against the wall . outside the music finish . the letter lie on the desk . Sullivan pick it up and read it . reverse : the note read : ' kill sullivan and all debt be pay '. sullivan ( cont 'd ) ( sudden realization ) Michael Sullivan reach for the phone . int . sullivan house - hallway - night the hall at the front of the stair be dark . a bar of light find the phone on the table in the hall - off the hook . int . sullivan house - bathroom - night the bathroom be steamy . peter have just get out of the tub . Annie dry he hair with a towel . they be both laugh . annie hear something , look up . the bathroom door open . a man wear a balaclava stand in the doorway . he 's hold a gun . he raise it . Annie shield the boy and scream . close : the man 's eye . blink in fear . ( continued ) 35 . continued : close : the gun shaking in the man 's hand . ext . sullivan house - night Michael be cycling up the drive . hear a single gunshot . he look up to the house . in a top floor window : a flash and a second gunshot . Michael abandon he bike and run towards the house . int . sullivan house - stair - night the man come down the stair . ext . sullivan house - night Michael stand in front of the door . the man suddenly appear . Michael see he through the glass . the man take off he balaclava . it 's connor he be look at michael . the boy freeze . int . sullivan house - entrance hall - night connor 's Pov : he 's not stare at Michael , he be stare at he own reflection in the glass of the door . he try to compose himself . he push the door open ... Michael be go . connor start out -— ext . sullivan house - night -- and Michael be hide behind the door . connor do not see he . he take out hi hip flask , take a huge swig . he be drunk already . he run down the driveway . Michael stand in the darkness . he turn and go think the front door . int . sullivan house - enterance hall - night Michael stand in the darken hall , see the phone off the hook on the table . he move to the bottom of the stair . look up . at the top of the stair a fine mist of gunsmoke swirl in a draft . 36 . ext . STREET - night Sullivan 's car hurtle down the street at top speed . int . sullivan house - landing outside bathroom - night Michael walk down the corridor . he go into the bathroom . hold on empty corridor . ext . sullivan house - night sullivan leap out of he car , gun draw . he rush into the house . int . sullivan house - enterance hall - night Sullivan come through the front door and stop . int . sullivan house - dine room - night ahead of he , Michael be sit at the dining table . completely still . Sullivan look at he . weird , terrible atmosphere . Sullivan run upstairs . Michael sit alone . int . sullivan house - outside bathroom - night Sullivan sit on the floor , against the wall , head in hand , in despair . the bathroom light be now off . Michael come up the stair , slowly . stands at the top . Sullivan look at he . Michael stare back . pause . int . connor 's apartment - HOTEL florence - night rooney have enter connor 's room and approach he . connor pa ? i- I , I be sorry . ( beat ) well , he ... would have talk . the kid would have talk . rooney stupid ! ( continued ) 37 . continued : connor the kid would have talk . I be sorry . rooney start hit connor , unable to verbalize or satisfy he rage - connor whimper and sob , cower from the blow . rooney ( shouting ) goddamn you ! rooney ( cont 'd ) goddamn you ... I curse the fuckin 's day you be born ! I curse it ! you ! shake , he lose the strength rooney ( cont 'd ) oh , Lord . oh , no . connor cry in he arm . rooney embrace he . rooney ( cont 'd ) ( in a whisper ) oh , Lord . God help we . God help we . int . sullivan house - hall entrance - night the front door be open . Michael stand outside with he bag . Sullivan walk out of the house with he case . slam the door . hold on the empty house . ext . sullivan house - night Sullivan walk to Michael , who look back at the house . sullivan this house be not we home anymore . it 's just a empty building . Michael turn away from he home and get in the car with he father . int . sullivan 's car - night on the backseat : they two bag . and the black case . the sound of the car start up . 38 . ext . HOTEL florence - night Sullivan 's car pull up in the shadow outside connor 's hotel . int . sullivan 's car - night Sullivan kill the engine . he go to get out but Michael physically hold on to he , not let he move . michael do not go , pa . do not go . Sullivan 's heart break . he bend down to he to explain . sullivan Michael , tomorrow when they find out we be go , they be gonna come after we . I have to protect you now . michael please , pa . Sullivan waver , fight himself . sullivan all right , here . take this . then he take a small pistol ( a .38 snub nose ) from he coat . he try to give it to Michael , but he will not unclench he hand . michael no . sullivan Michael , take it . michael do not want it . I do not want it , pa ! sullivan Boy , take it ! Sullivan open he finger and press the gun into he palm . sullivan ( cont 'd ) you get six shot . Michael stare at he father , he bloodshot eye . ( continued ) 39 . continued : sullivan ( cont 'd ) if I be not back in half and hour , you go see reverent Lynch at first Methodist and you tell he what happen . do not go to Father callaway . Michael shrink away , gun in he hand , scared . Sullivan take one last look at he and then get out of the car . ext . alley - behind the HOTEL - night Sullivan have come around the side of the building and be start to climb the hotel FIRE escape . ext . FIRE escape - night Sullivan get to the second floor landing , look in a window . Sullivan force the window open and silently climb in . he reach out to open a door . he expect it to be lock . the door swing slowly open . int . connor 's apartment - HOTEL florence - night it 's connor 's room . Sullivan enter , gun ready - but not ready for how he meet . in middle of the room he see , not connor , but joe kelly . sullivan do not have any business with you , Mr. Kelly . kelly but I have business with you , Mike . sullivan go ahead . he pick up a black bag . place it ont the table . sullivan ( cont 'd ) what be that ? kelly twenty - five thousand dollar . Mr. rooney want you to know there 's more if you want it . beat . Sullivan register the mention of rooney . ( continued ) 40 . continued : kelly ( cont 'd ) you have friend in Ireland , Mike . why do not you take Peter and leave . sullivan I can not take Peter . he 's dead . beat . Kelly regroup . sullivan ( cont 'd ) where 's connor ? kelly he 's in hide . sullivan where ? kelly you know I can not tell you that , Mike . Sullivan pull out the gun , aim at Kelly 's head . kelly ( cont 'd ) ( steely ) you think stick a gun to my head be go to make a difference to I ? if I tell you , I be a dead man anyway . we both be . Sullivan cock the gun as he reply . Kelly remain tough . kelly ( cont 'd ) think Mike - do not be stupid . ( beat ) I be just a messenger . beat . Sullivan re-groups . sullivan then give Mr. rooney a message for I . kelly what be it ? bang . and with that , Sullivan be no longer the man he be . int . sullivan 's car - night Michael huddle with he gun . a long moment go by . and the Sullivan get into the car . ( continued ) 41 . continued : sullivan give I the gun . Michael look at he father , shaking , blood on he outstretch hand . Sullivan take the gun , and start the engine . int . sullivan 's car - night ( moving ) Michael huddle in a blanket . his father drive in silence . michael where be we go ? sullivan T Chicago . there 's a man there who run thing . I have do some work for he . ( beat ) we have to find out where he stand . ( beat ) try to get some sleep . in exhaustion , Michael lean he head against the door . he begin to fall asleep . ext . highway through snow - cover field - dawn Sky lighten over endless field . the car move across the landscape . int . sullivan 's car - day ( morning ) Michael awaken . he look out the window . reflected in the glass : building . skyscraper . chicago . Michael look out . ext . chicago - day close on the car as it drive into the tower city . crane up , as the car slip into the stream of traffic , become anonymous . ext . STREET - day Sullivan and Michael walk towards we in a sea of early morning city worker . 42. int . reading room - public library - day a huge room full of people read newspaper ; the poor escape the cold , mother with baby , student , the old . Sullivan lead Michael to a desk and sit he down . sullivan I want you to wait for I here . michael ( anxious ) sure . sullivan I will not be long . you will be all right ? Michael try to be stoic . michael yeah , I 'il be all right . sullivan you be a good boy . Michael note , and appreciate , the off-hand complement . ext . lexington HOTEL - day sullivan stand across the street from the marble pillar frame the entrance of the vast hotel . doormen and bell -hop throng the glass doorway . int . lobby - lexington HOTEL - day ( continuous ) Sullivan walk through the magnificent lobby to the elevator . he know the way . two men in suit guard one elevator in particular . no one get in . Sullivan approach . harry hello , Mike . sullivan hello , fella . harry it 's nice to see you . we hear what happen . how you hold up ? ( continued ) 43 . continued : sullivan I need to talk to Mr. nitti . harry he 's awful busy . sullivan I can wait . harry ( to Marco ) ok . take the man to the top . Marco frisk Sullivan . a matter of course . Sullivan get in the lift with Marco . the door close . int . reading room - day it be later . Michael be still sit , read . close : plate : '' the Lone Ranger have the sheriff cover . '' the same page . we see he face now , blank . then , for no discernible reason , he face crumple . he begin to cry , to grieve for he mother and brother . int . lexington HOTEL - top floor - waiting room - day businessmen of vary degree of repeatability , and some shady - looking figure , smoking , read , talk , drink coffee . a secretary at a desk outside the door that 's the focal point of everything . Sullivan sit , wait . he check he watch , he 's obviously be there for a while . he settles he gaze on the Secretary . she catch it . she speak into a intercom . look up at Sullivan . nod . int . nitti 's office - day a man in a finely - tailore banker 's suit , frank nitti , 40' , welcome Sullivan into the room . he be second in command for the capone organization . he chain smoke . he be friendly but distant . ( continued ) 44 , continued : nitti sorry to keep you wait so long , Mike . nitti take in Sullivan 's appearance . nitti ( cont 'd ) we all just hear what happen . Jesus , I be sorry . Sullivan remain stand , hold he hat . he be nervous . sullivan thank you for see I Mr. nitti . nitti come on , sit down . would you like some coffee , or -— sullivan no . nitti you sure ? sullivan yes . thank you . nitti so , what can I do for you , Mike ? sullivan I would like to work for you . beat . nitti do not expect this . nitti well , that 's very interesting . sullivan and in return , I have like you to turn a blind eye to ... what I have to do . nitti and what be that ? beat . sullivan kill the man who murder my family . Sullivan look for a reaction . nitti be still as stone . ( continued ) continued : beat . 45 . nitti be one more body go to make a difference ? sullivan this be a good proposal Mr. nitti . I will work only for you ... and you know I can do a good job . nitti I respect you , Mike , I do . and we would like nothing more than to have you come and work for we . but not like this . what you be ask I be impossible . sullivan be it ? nitti let I explain something to you that maybe you have not realize . all this year , you have be live under the protection of people who care about you . and that same people be protect you now . include I . so open that door , you be walk through it alone . and all that loyalty , and all that trust will no longer exist for you ... and Mike - you will not make it . not on you own . not with a little boy . sullivan you be protect he already ? nitti we be protect we interest . nitti look at Sullivan 's haggard face , he red eye . sullivan I drive through the night to see you . nitti I appreciate that , and now I suggest you drive yourself back . go home , Mike . go home and bury you wife and child . with we bless . ( continued ) 46 . continued : sullivan ( exite ) it will not be that simple . int . lexington HOTEL - upstair corridor & elevator - day several eye turn to Sullivan as he walk toward the elevator . he step inside the elevator with Marco and two other businessmen . Marco eye he . then , just as the elevator door be about to shut , he step out , and move swiftly down the corridor towards the stair int . lobby - lexington HOTEL - day Sullivan walk from the service stair , and disappear amongst the people thronging the lobby . int . side room - day nitti enter form he office . sitting there in a easy chair be ... rooney . on another chair : connor . nitti you hear ? rooney nod . connor make a rational , precise plea . connor dad , listen to I . he 's in the building . you can end this now . you have get to take he now . rooney connor . get upstairs . rooney stare at he son until connor walk out . he put he head in he hand . rooney ( cont 'd ) God help I . ( pause ) what do I do nitti ( gently ) you think objectively . and you make you choice . what would you do if Sullivan be just ... some guy ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : rooney God help I . rooney look up at nitti . tear in he eye . rooney ( cont 'd ) make it quick . nitti ( nod ) and the kid ? rooney oh , Christ . no. nitti and one day , the kid become a man . think he will not remember ? a beat . rooney I say , not the kid . beat . rooney look at nitti . nitti alright . I know who to call . ext . STREET - day a man about 30 ( maguire ) walk swiftly along the sidewalk carry a camera . as he walk . nitti ( v.o. ) there 's a guy who 's do some work for we in the past ... he 's gift . a small crowd have gather on the fire escape entrance to a tenement block . onlooker at the scene of a murder . Maguire push he way through the crowd . maguire Excuse I , mar ’am . Press ! Press ! int . tenement build - day Maguire enter a dingy tenement . a crime scene . police and medic be attend to the murderer who be highly distress , cut on he arm ect . ( continued ) 48 . continued : murderer he be raping my wife , he fuck rape my wife . police man ( try to usher the man out ) come on ! come on ! you be tread on the evidence here . the policeman usher the murderer outside . maguire two minute . Maguire slip another police man some cash . police man you get it , Mr. Maguire . the room be quiet not . Maguire step behind the tripod and begin to focus . the image of the man upside - down in he viewfinder . now we see the body : a big oaf of a corpse with he trousers down . clearly , a crime of passion . just as Maguire 's about to take the shot the corpse exhales , gulp for air , blood trickle out of its mouth . on maguire : this stiff 's alive . SOUND of : a l-train approach . Maguire glance at the close door , shrug and then take a handkerchief from he top pocket and gently pinch the oaf 's nose close . the oaf struggle for a few second . maguire look in the eye as he die . the l-train thunder past . int . maguire 's apartment - dark room - night Red light . close : a image of the dead oaf be finish out of a tray of fix solution . maguire hang it up to dry with he tweezers . we see other photo of the dead man hang with it . behind they selve with a variety of camera . ( continued ) 49 . continued : the phone ring . Maguire snap on the light and open the door - int . maguire 's apartment - live room - night Maguire go into the live room where he pick up the phone . maguire ( in phone ) harlem Maguire ... good-even , Mr. nitti . he listen to nitti on the other end of the phone . maguire ( cont 'd ) uh huh ... sixteen hundred . ( beat ) sixteen hundred dollar be my rate , Mr. nitti . and what I make on the photograph be mine . he write on a pad . close : Maguire 's handwrite : ' Michael Sullivan 's . maguire ( cont 'd ) no , never meet he , but I know he work . now we see the framed photo on Maguire 's apartment wall : Dead body : in corridor , pool hall , bath tub , ect . maguire ( cont 'd ) he travel alone ? how old ? close : the pad . Maguire 's handwrite : ' Michael Sullivan + Jr. 12 year old 's Maguire turn the ' 1 's of the ' 12 's into a square and make it a ' face 's by draw two dot for eye ... maguire ( cont 'd ) what do I do with the kid ? uh huh ... will do . thank you . Maguire draw a down -turn mouth on the doodle face of ' Michael 's . dissolve to : int . sullivan 's car - day Sullivan and Michael drive . Michael sit in the back seat . ( continued ) 50 . continued : sullivan you remember you aunt Sarah ? you mom 's sister ? she life in perdition . she will take you in . michael ( uncertain ) where be that ? sullivan right by the lake . we go there once , all of we , when you be four , maybe five . it 's beautiful . you remember ? Michael nod . michael the place with the dog . Sullivan look at Michael , puzzle . Sullivan drive , lose in the memory for just a moment . ext . rock island cemetery - day a Catholic priest , father callaway , pray in Latin . wide shot : two grave . mourner . two casket cover in flower . the funeral of Annie and Peter . camera move closer : we see aunt sarah ( Annie 's sister ) . rooney be there also , tear in he eye . he stand with jimmy , sean and other member of he staff . further away : maguire be watch , dress in black . ext . SMALL town - church - day Sullivan 's car be park outside a small , country church . int . SMALL town - church - day Michael sit in the last pew of a small church . he watch he father from the back . Sullivan kneel at the altar - praying . close - reveal Sullivan 's anguish face , as he pray for the soul of he wife and child . ( continued ) 51 . continued : Michael look down and see a basket of small plaster madonnas . pick one out , look at it . int . sullivan house - staircase - night close : old photo : a Sullivan family portrait - Annie and the kid together . Sullivan to one side , slightly detach . Michael and Peter age five and four . Sullivan and connor in they mid-teen , rooney with he arm round they . a middle age women ( rooney 's wife ) stand to one side . all be smile . maguire stand on the landing stare at the photo . int . sullivan house - hallway - night sarah go to the phone on the hall table and pick up . int . office - starr motel - night Sullivan be on the phone . the motel manager , a elderly man , do paperwork behind the desk . sullivan Sarah ? int . sullivan house - hallway - night sarah ( hushed tone ) Mike . thank God ... sullivan I want you to know we be okay . sarah where be you ? during the follow , we glimpse maguire listen to the conversation at the top of the stair . sullivan we be on we way to you place , if that 's all right . ( continued ) 52 . continued : sarah ( relieved ) of course . I x11 be back there in two day . how 's Michael ? beat . sullivan he 's alright . ( beat ) how be it ? sarah oh , Mike ... pause . Sullivan stand there . at a loss for word . holding himself together . sarah ( cont 'd ) hello ...? sullivan we will see you soon . he put the phone down . CUT to : int . sullivan house - landing / hallway - night maguire calmly walk down the stair . approach the phone on the hallway table . pick it up . maguire hello , operator . I be just cut off , could you reconnect I ? CUT to : int . sullivan 's car - the road - day ( morning ) Michael 's face look out the window . America pass by , in all its vastness . field . forest . church . barn . line of telephone pole stretch into the distance . 53 . int . starr motel room - day a wide shot of the room in which Sullivan and Michael have recently spend the night : unmade bed , ect . Maguire stand silhouett in the doorway . look . a plaster madonna sit on the night stand . ext . boxcar diner - road to perdition - sunset sign outside : ' we never Close 's . the sun be set . Sullivan 's car pull up outside the dinner . Sullivan be tired and dirtied from a hard day 's drive . he stop the car . sullivan you hungry ? Michael look down when he reply michael no . sullivan might not be another diner for a while . you should have something to eat . michael I be not hungry . I just wanna read . and with that , Sullivan 's out the door . Michael sit in the car by himself , sullen . int . maguire 's car - OPEN road - night ( moving ) Maguire drive . focus hard on the empty road . a pistol and a camera on the seat beside he . he see a light ahead , start to slow ... int . diner / ext Sullivan be eat steak with a proper steak knife . he look through the window , half expect he son to give up he stubbornness and join he . Pov : Michael 's head be no longer visible in the car . 54 . int . sullivan 's car - night Michael be asleep on the back seat , cover with Sullivan 's coat . his comic boot be still open . light from a pass vehicle sweep through the car . ext . boxcar diner - night Maguire 's car pull up and stop . Maguire get out of he car , see Sullivan look out the window , as he drink a cup of coffee . Maguire glance at Sullivan 's car : no one there . notice a park police car . int . boxcar diner - night ( continuous ) the bell above the door ding . Maguire come in , sit in the next booth to Sullivan , but face he . look over Sullivan 's shoulder . registers the farmer and the cop sit at the counter . a waitress ( ruby ) approach Maguire . maguire slow night , huh ? ruby you kiddin’ ? this be busy ! what can I get you ? maguire you get a special ? ruby everything 's special . maguire be that so ? ruby everything ' cept the food . Maguire laugh . ( continued ) 55 . continued : maguire '' everything ' cept the food ! '' you oughtta be on the stage ruby do not I know it . maguire gimme some of that honey dip fire chicken , and a black coffee . ruby ( cheerfully ) duck soup . Maguire take a roll of film from he pocket and start to load he camera . Sullivan observe he . Sullivan surreptitiously pour whiskey into he coffee cup , look back at Maguire , who 's look straight at he . maguire do not mind I , sir . sullivan huh ? maguire ( whisper ) it 's a free country - use to be , anyhow ! Sullivan smile . and pour more drink into he cup . keeps watch the man load he camera . Sullivan offer Maguire the whiskey . maguire ( cont 'd ) no thank you , sir . Maguire snap he camera shut . load . sullivan be that you profession or you pleasure . maguire both I guess . to be pay to do what you love , be not that the dream . sullivan I guess so . ( continued ) continued : beat . 56 . maguire yourself ? sullivan I be a salesman . Machine part . maguire Machine part ? that 's wonderful ! sullivan I assure you , it be not . so who do you work for ? maguire can you keep a secret ? ( whisper ) I be '' Press '' . sullivan which paper ? maguire all over . I be something of a rarity . sullivan how 's that ? maguire I shoot the dead . ( pause ) Dead body , that be . I do not kill ‘em ! sullivan should hope not . maguire always fascinate I ... the look of ‘em , you know ? you ever see one ? Sullivan nod . maguire ( cont 'd ) sorry for you . terrible thing . but it sure make you feel alive , do not it ? sullivan I will drink to that . ( continued ) 57 . continued : Sullivan drink . Maguire be look at the cop over Sullivan 's shoulder . he 's just finish up and pay . Maguire turn back to Sullivan . maguire stuff make you sweat , huh ? sullivan piss , too . Sullivan surreptitiously palm he steak knife . sullivan ( cont 'd ) ( to Ruby ) Excuse I , mar ’am . can you help I out here ? ruby ( gesture ) just through there . Sullivan stand up unsteadily . move toward the John , trip . maguire hey ! look out there ! Sullivan look back toward the empty cup . sullivan whoah . he move off . cop thanks , Ruby . ruby good night . the cop leave . the bell above the door ding . Maguire watch . feel in he pocket . pull out the gun . the SOUND of a car start up . Maguire check the gun under the table . the bell above the door ding . the cop walk back in . cop forget to leave a tip ... ( continued ) 58 . continued : Maguire realize , turn . Sullivan 's car accelerate away . Maguire leap up , run outside . ext . boxcar diner - night Maguire run to he car . stop . look down : the tire have be slashed . he look off in the direction of Sullivan 's car . it 's taillight recede into the distance . close : Maguire . steely . focus . he aim the gun . int . sullivan 's car - night ( moving ) Sullivan drive , very fast . Dark , straight road . he open the window to sober up , though he be not nearly as drunk as he appear . Michael be still on the back seat . sullivan get down ! michael why ? what 's go on --? sullivan get down ! he physically shove he down just as -- the back window of the car explode - glass shatter . ext . diner - night Maguire fire the gun a second time . disappointed . the cop walk out of the diner . cop hey , what do you think you be do -- Maguire simply turn around and shoot he . ext . road - night Sullivan spin the car off the road and head into a open field . 59 . int . car / OPEN field - night Sullivan stop the car and turn to Michael - they be both out of breath . Sullivan be furious . sullivan get out of the car . Michael do not move . Sullivan open the rear door and grab he . sullivan ( cont 'd ) get out of the car ! ( beat ) when I say get down , you get down ! you do not ask question ! when I say we be stop to eat , you stay with I ! ( beat ) you listen to I from now on , or you start take care of yourself . michael I can take care of myself fine ! you never want I along anyway ! you think it 's my fault this happen ! sullivan stop it Michael ! it be not you fault ! none of this be you fault ! Michael register this . but remain angry . beat . michael just take I to aunt Sarah 's sullivan I can not take you there . not now . michael why ? sullivan he know that 's where we be go . michael so what be you gonna do ? ( continued ) 60 . continued : sullivan something I can not do alone . you have to listen to I now . ok ? or else both of we be dead . Michael nod , finally surrender . sullivan ( cont 'd ) I have to make capone give up connor . ( Michael follow ) now , there 's one thing Chicago love more than anything - and that 's they money . they have get it in bank all over the state . we be go to have to find it and take it . be you go to help I ? michael yes sullivan ( beat ) then I have to teach you something . ext . country road / int . sullivan 's car - day Sullivan 's car sit on the side of a desert farm road . sullivan now , you know what the clutch be ? michael sure I know what the clutch be . sullivan what be the clutch ? michael the clutch ... it , uh ... it clutches . sullivan right . it clutches . a which of that pedal be the clutch ? Michael step on the gas . the engine race . sullivan ( cont 'd ) that 's the gas . gas. I x11 show you . there . right there . see ? here 's the clutch , and it do the clutching . 61 . int . / ext . sullivan 's car - day the car move forward two foot , and Michael try to put it in gear , and the car stall , and the engine die . the road be quiet . sullivan let 's try again . Sullivan start the car for Michael . michael release gas , clutch , shift gear , hit gas . sullivan mmm-hmm . Michael do the sequence , and the car move . michael and shift ! the car stop and die . sullivan can I make one suggestion ? michael no . I be do this . Sullivan look at he . amuse . CUT to : ext . another country road - day they be zoom down the road . really fast . sullivan forty -five mile a hour . that 's a little fast . Michael keep speed . he 's barely in control . sullivan ( cont 'd ) look out for the tractor , Michael . a tractor trundle along up ahead . ( continued ) 62 . continued : sullivan ( cont 'd ) Michael , look out for the tractor . come up now . int . sullivan be car - day ( continuo ) ( moving ) they be zoom up on the tractor . sullivan watch out for the tractor ... watch out for the ... sullivan 's face be full of real fear . sullivan ( cont 'd ) tractor ! the car shriek past the tractor . Michael , astonished and relieved . michael we make it ! sullivan ( dry ) yes we do . ext . saving and loan - ST . louis - day a black , leather doctor' bag in hand , sullivan enter a bank . int . saving and loan - lobby - ST . louis - day farmer , housewive , business people stand in line . sullivan enter the lobby , scan it , he spot a tight , officious - look man move behind the teller window . mcdougal no more excuse . I have tell you once , now I be tell you again . sullivan Excuse I , I be look for a Mr. mcdougal . mcdougal just one moment . mcdougal raise one finger to Sullivan , then return to lecture he employee . 63 . int . mcdougal 's office - day mcdougal close the door then smile . Sullivan put he bag on the desk , sit down . mcdougal sit opposite he . he eye the black bag . mcdougal ( obsequious ) well , this be a pleasant surprise . I be not expect another deposit until the end of the month . Sullivan undoe the clasp ... reach in ... and pull out a colt 45 . mcdougal 's grin vanish . sullivan actually , I be make a withdrawal . and I want dirty money only . everything you be hold for capone that 's off - the-books . open the safe . beat . mcdougla , terrify , hesitates . mcdougal you be insane . you know they will find out who you be . sullivan the name 's Sullivan . ( mcdougal open the safe ) want I to spell it ? mcdougal pull out a safety deposit box of capone 's money . sullivan ( cont 'd ) open the box . mcdougal ( open the box ) they 's 11 kill you . they be animal . sullivan you do not say ? put it in . as mcdougal fill the black bag , Sullivan slap two brick of money on the desk . sullivan ( cont 'd ) that 's for you . call it a handle charge . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 64 . continued : sullivan ( cont 'd ) tell Chicago I take it . but if I read about this in the papers , if I read about the savings of innocent farmer be wipe out by a heartless bank robber ... I will not be happy . ( beat ) good afternoon . mcdougal you really trust I to nit say anything ? sullivan always trust a bank manager . Sullivan exit ext . saving and loan - ST . louis - day Sullivan step out onto the curb . wait . the car pull up very slowly . Michael be drive . Sullivan look through the open window at Michael 's nervous face . sullivan there 's no rush . Sullivan get in . they drive off . into a montage of various exterior and interior location a series of four bank over a number of week . we track past the window of each : and in each , sullivan be in the middle of a robber . as we pass , we see the different stage of each equable exchange : the revealing of the gun ; the manager hand he the money ; the money go into the bag ; he courteous exit , ect . now a series of three getaways . see from inside the bank we track past each exit : with each getaway michael 's drive improvement : first , Sullivan wait at the curb and Michael be not there ; then he come from the wrong direction and hit the curb ; but on number there he getaway be perfect and the car disappear out of sight . intercut : maguire , sit in a dark room , roll a silver coin between he finger with great dexterity . ( continued ) 65 . continued : intercut : Sullivan and Michael in a barn by the side of a deserted dirt road . they open can , start painting the car a lavish maroon . the opened backseat of Sullivan 's car ( where Michael stow away ) . full of cash . Michael slam the seat shut . int . SMALL restaurant - night a small family restaurant , two -third empty . a impoverish dance floor . a song play on the radio . two couple dance . Sullivan & Michael be finish a meal . the waitress , betty , be in he 30 's , attractive . betty coffee ? sullivan thank you . she pour . a look between they , a connection . betty so ... what bring you guy to the middle of nowhere ? michael we be bank robber . Betty laugh . sullivan we be just pass through . she smile , leave . michael when do I get my share of the money ? a beat . sullivan how much do you want ? Michael think , chance he luck with what he consider a huge amount . ( continued ) 66 . continued : michael ( decisive , he 's ask for a lot ) two hundred dollar . sullivan okay . deal . michael ( realize ) could I have have more ? sullivan you will never know . int . rooney 's study - rock island - night rooney sit in he armchair , illuminate by the light from the fire . the phone ring . he stare at it , but do not pick it up . int . connor 's room - lexington HOTEL - night connor be at the other end of the line . connor come on . come on . he pace the floor , phone in hand . int . rooney 's study - rock island - night roony sit , troubled . the phone continue to ring . he do not pick it up . int . connor 's room - lexington HOTEL - night connor wait . still no answer . he slam down the phone , fling a side table to the floor . int . nitti 's office - day nitti be in he office , on the phone , outrage at what he 's hearing . nitti how much do they take ?... how much ?... okay , answer I this , what be we pay you for ? - ( continued ) 67 . continued : connor ( 0.s. ) ( muffle , overlap ) get ... get out of ... get out of my ... get out of my way ! connor burst in , follow by harry . connor ( cont 'd ) where 's my father ? nitti what the fuck be this ? connor why be no one talk to I ? nitti ( into telephone ) hold on . connor I feel like a fuck prisoner . nitti I tell you . you be not a prisoner . you be be protect . this be what you father want . connor I can look after myself . nitti no . you can not . this be the point . you be a big baby who do not know he thumb from he dick . connor fuck you . nitti ( cool , calm ) listen , sonny . the only reason you be still alive be because you be John rooney 's son . connor you be be a little shortsight , Frank . my father 's a old man . I be the future . so do not you ever talk to I that way again . connor storm out . nitti shake he head . ( continued ) 68 . continued : nitti ( to the phone ) Maguire ? do what you have to - find they . int . young bank manager 's office - morning a nervous young man manager stand on the far side of he desk , sweat . the black bag sit there between they . young bank manager I be sorry , Mr. Sullivan . there , there 's no money . in a flash , the .45 be point at the manager 's head . young bank manager ( cont ’d ) no! no ... I can get you money . I just ... it will not be Chicago 's . they take it all out two day 's ago . Sullivan see the truth . nod . sullivan who authorize it ? young bank manager the accountant . sullivan what 's he name ? int . bridal suite - plush HOTEL - SMALL town - morning rance this be Mr. rance , in the bridal suite ... rance be on the phone , order breakfast . he 's nervous and edgy . rance ( cont 'd ) and before you proffer you phony congratulation , there be no Mrs. rance reside with I and I be all the better for it . now , listen carefully , because I be in no mood . we see he room . clearly the bridal suite . chintz , crystal , flowery wallpaper . ( continued ) 69 . continued : rance ( cont 'd ) I be go to say this only once - I would like a boil Egg . and I want it runny . ext . STREET - morning Sullivan and Michael arrive in town . the maroon car pull over to the curb . Michael be drive . michael pa , can we sleep in a motel room tonight instead of the car ? sullivan yeah that would be nice . int . boarding house - morning the camera pan up from the road to reveal : maguire stand at a window look down into the street . he roll a coin between he finger . his Pov : amongst the traffic of the morning ... the maroon car . he frown at the car , watch closely . it 's the wrong color . a teenage prostitute in the bed behind he be now waking up . prostitute ( squinting at Maguire who stand silhouett by the light ) how many more day you gonna want I , mister ? he ignore she , star out the window . prostitute ( cont ’d ) can not we close the curtain , even for a little while ? I can not get no sleep with all this light . int . sullivan 's car - morning Michael and Sullivan look grubby and harden . sullivan remember , if you see anything , you hit the horn twice . and you do not get out of the car . no matter what . 70 . int . bridal suite - plush HOTEL - morning rance sit at a room service table , remove the top from he boil egg . int . bording house - morning Maguire walk over , hold money out to the proustite and tease she with it . she flinch a little and grab the money . Maguire wave at she . maguire bye . int . sullivan 's car - morning Sullivan load he gun . Michael watch . sullivan ok , you ready ? Michael take a deep breath , gear himself up . michael I be ready . Sullivan get out of the car . int . bridal suite - plush HOTEL - morning rance sit at the room service table . he look at he breakfast contentedly . he lift up a strip of bacon and it remains horizontal . he smile . he plunge the bacon into the egg ... it snap . he remove he napkin , control he temper . int . sullivan 's car - morning Michael sit in the car . reflection in the wing mirror of the car : Michael watch Sullivan enter the lobby of the hotel . int . lobby - plush HOTEL - morning Inside the lobby , Sullivan walk past the front desk . the manager be on the phone . manager yes , Sir , right away , sir. runny . ( continued ) 71 . continued : Sullivan look up to the key rack . there 's only one key miss : bridal suite . he make for the stair . int . boarding house - morning the dress prostitute leave .... maguire hasn ’t see sullivan get out of the car and cross the road . int . bridal suite - morning rance be back at he breakfast table face away from the door . he pour some coffee . there 's a knock at the door . rance be surprised at the hotel 's promptness . rance ( to himself ) hmm. ( over he shoulder ) it 's OPEN . the door open . rance reach for the egg in its silver cup . without turn he address the enterer : rance ( cont 'd ) top mark for speed . no mark for cookery . rance wheel round explode with indignation . he brandish the egg . rance ( cont 'd ) what may I ask do you call this ? Sullivan point the colt .45 in rance 's face . beat . sullivan put it down . rance mister Sullivan . sullivan mister rance . ( continued ) 72 . continued : rance how do you find I ? sullivan this be the best hotel in the area and you be so very ... particular . rance yes indeed , mister Sullivan , May I ask you to lower you weapon ? Sullivan do so . rance ( cont 'd ) thank you . now what do you want ? sullivan information . int . boarding house - morning the prostitute have leave . Maguire return to the window . he look across the road into rance 's suite . maguire 's Pov : rance be talk to someone . Maguire can not see who . he frown and look closer . int . bridal suite - morning rance I can not give you the file . Sullivan cock the trigger . rance ( cont 'd ) alright ! alright ! they be in the next room . rance move into the bedroom . Sullivan watch he closely . rance surreptitiously look over he shoulder towards the board house : where 's Maguire ? he turn and indicate a large metal trunk . rance ( cont 'd ) in here . sullivan bring it in . ( continued ) 73 . continued : Sullivan move to the window and begin to close the curtain . int . boarding house - morning Maguire be still watch . suddenly ... he see Sullivan close the curtain in the bedroom across the street . he move into action and start to get dress . int . bridal suite - morning as Sullivan close the curtain , rance be move the large trunk into the room from the bedroom . rance I will not be able to see ! sullivan move. rance ( as he continue to push the trunk ) what do you think that you be go to accomplish by interfere with we business , mister Sullivan ? sullivan this have nothing to do with you business . rance it 's all business , that 's what you fail to grasp . Sullivan close the bedroom door . the sunlight through the close curtain cast a eerie glow . rance ( cont 'd ) and in business , you must have something to trade . and you Mr. Sullivan have nothing to trade . especially not for anyone as valuable as connor rooney . beat . rance have now push the trunk to the center of the room . ( continued ) 74 . continued : sullivan ( suspicious ) I do not understand . suddenly : a ticker tape machine goe off . loud like a machine gun . Sullivan react . rance ( calmly ) open bell on Wall Street . the glass jar cover the machine gleam in the shadow of a alcove , a pile of yesterday 's tape strewn about . int . boarding house - morning Maguire be dress now . he reach down behind the bed and pick up a bag . Inside ... he pump action rifle . int . bridal suite - morning the ticker tape machine rattles away . sullivan come on , open it . rance take out a huge bunch of key . look at they . rance now which one be it ? Sullivan roll he eye . int . maguire 's boarding house - morning maguire be run down the stair of the board house . int . sullivan 's car - morning ( continuous ) Michael sit in the driver 's seat . he 's alert , but get bored . and now beginning to be tempted by he lone ranger comic book , which sit on the passenger seat . Michael finally give in , reach over to the comic book and open it . just as he do , Maguire pass right by the driver 's side window of the car . Michael do not see he . 75 . ext . STREET - morning ( continuous ) maguire run across the road towards the HOTEL entrance . a car swerve to avoid he . a screech of brake . int . sullivan 's car / ext . STREET - morning the noise make Michael look up . michael' Pov in wing mirror : Maguire run across the road . close : the barrel of a gun be just visible to Michael beneath Maguire 's coat . immediately , he hit the horn two time . Maguire look back at the sound , but keep run into the hotel . Michael hit the horn again . int . bridal suite - morning Inside the room , the ticker tape machine rattles away , make the car horn inaudible . rance be still play for time , wait for Maguire . fiddle with the key . rance no . that 's not it . rance try another key . int . HOTEL stair - morning Maguire race up the stair . int . sullivan 's car - morning Michael now hold the horn down . he Pov : people on the street be beginning to stop and stare . int . bridal suite - morning rance continue to deliberately fumble with the key . now he be frighten . the ticker tape be run down . ( continued ) 76 . continued : rance try that one already . rance drop the key . rance ( cont 'd ) better start over . int . HOTEL corridor - morning maguire run down a long corridor , he gun out . int . bridal suite - morning Sullivan finally lose he patience and jam he gun into rance 's temple . sullivan you have get one more try . rance ' find 's the key . rance ah , here it be . he unlock the trunk . suddenly he flip the lid open . Sullivan look inside : it’s empty . suddenly ... the ticker tape run out . Sullivan hear the horn , turn . rance dive inside the bedroom door , lock it behind he . Sullivan realize he 's be set up . he hit the floor behind the metal trunk just as : Maguire 's pump action rifle blow a hole in the doorway . Maguire kick the door open . he stand in the doorway and fire off five shot in quick succession - two of the bullet blow hole through the wall into the bedroom - one blows a hole in the bedroom door - two slam against the metal trunk lid which Sullivan hold , protect himself . Maguire stop to reload . maguire 's Pov : he 's shoot up a empty room . ( continued ) 77 . continued : Sullivan spring up from behind the trunk and get two shot in . they thud into the sofa . Maguire duck behind a end table . reloads . on the table : two glass lamp . close : on Sullivan , breathe heavily , behind the open metal trunk . dent in the lid from the bullet . he turn , look . bullet hole in the wall and the door to the next room . streak of daylight . a tense pause . close : maguire , behind the sofa , prepare . close : Sullivan , behind the trunk , prepare . then , suddenly , Maguire 's sit up , begin to shoot again . two more of Maguire 's bullet slam into the trunk . Sullivan be throw backwards onto the floor . as he fall , he fire three more shot and bang ! one of he bullet hit a glass lamp Maguire 's face be showered with glass . Sullivan fire a Maguire again . click . click . empty chamber . Maguire be yelling in pain . he drop to he knee behind the sofa , hold he face . Sullivan take the opportunity . he see the streak of daylight come through the door to the next room - kick at a panel in the door . the door give . int . bridal suite - bedroom - morning Sullivan run into the bedroom . rance lie dead on the bed - hit by one of Maguire 's bullet which pass through the wall . Sullivan look at the body as he pass , blood spray across the wall ... and there , next to the bed ... the file . swiftly he move to they - pick up the most prominent of they - a SMALL black strongbox mark '' chief account '' . he exit . 78 . int . HOTEL corridor - morning Sullivan run down the corridor . int . bridal suite / ext . STREET - morning the light from the doorway hit Maguire . we can not see he face . he stand up , unsteadily . he stagger over to the window and pull he revolver out of he pocket . sullivan emerge from a side alley and sprint across the STREET . Michael throw the car into reverse and back the car towards he at speed . CUT to : michael' Pov from the car : Sullivan run across the street toward he . the bullet blow two hole in the roof of the car . sullivan ( scream ) go! go ! Michael change gear as fast as any professional and begin to pull away . Maguire fire again . as Sullivan get in the passenger side he 's hit on the shoulder . the car pull away fast . Michael accelerate through the traffic of the morning . int . sullivan 's car - morning ( continuous ) ( moving ) Michael glance at he father , blood seep through the hand clutch to the wound . Sullivan see the panic on Michael 's face . sullivan I be ok ! I be ok ! just watch the road . int . bridal suite - morning maguire slump down from the window . we be behind he . he hold he hand to he face . he look at they . they be cover in blood . 79 . ext . sullivan 's car - dirt road - day the car turn off a main road and onto a tiny dirt road . int . sullivan 's car - day michael pa ? sullivan be lose consciousness . michael ( cont 'd ) pa , be you okay ? ( alarmed , no response ) pa ? pa ! Michael spot some rickety building up ahead . ext . field - day a couple in they late 50 's ( bill and virginia ) be planting vegetable in the field . they clothes and the rough field indicate they poverty . they watch a car pull in at the edge of the field . a boy get out and sprint towards they , wave he arm in desperation . michael help ! help we ! montage : int . isolated ' shack 's - night close : Sullivan 's wounded shoulder . a heat knife come into shot . close : michael face as he watch bill remove the bullet . close : the bloody bullet drop into a tin cup . later : Sullivan lie in a makeshift bed , shiver with FEVER . night sweat . Michael watch he , worried . a vigil . 80 . int . ' shack 's - the next night Sullivan lie on he makeshift bead . his shoulder crudely bandaged . Michael feed he soup and wipe he mouth with a napkin . Sullivan be still feverish , only semi-conscious . ext . ' shack 's - day Sullivan sit outside with Virginia . he 's still bandage but look better , he drink coffee . virginia be peel potato . they watch michael help bill in the field . Michael be digging with great energy while bill plant behind he . Sullivan 's car sit in the ramshackle barn nearby . virginia when be you two head out ? Sullivan understand the implication that they have outstaye they welcome . sullivan we have stay long enough . do not want to cause you any trouble . virginia no trouble so far . Sullivan nod . Virginia smile , look to Michael in the field . virginia ( cont ’d ) he 's a good worker . Sullivan nod , enjoy Michael 's antic . Virginia continue to peel . Sullivan turn to Virginia sullivan you have any kid ? virginia no , we meet too late . pause . she nod towards Michael . virginia ( cont ’d ) he dote on you . ( continued ) 81 . continued : Sullivan look at she , surprised . virginia ( cont ’d ) you do not see it ? Sullivan shrug . he look at Michael who happen to look up from he work . his face : full of joy . he wave at he father , casually , then get back to digging . on Sullivan : suddenly move beyond reason . int . ' shack 's - night Sullivan sit at the kitchen table . lit by a hurricane oil lamp . he pore over the document and paper rance give he . he look down page of figure , try to understand . it 's prove difficult . Michael come in , wear night cloth . Sullivan 's pleased to see he . sullivan hello .. michael I have a bad dream . sullivan you want to talk about it ? Michael shake he head . sullivan ( cont 'd ) well ... come on in . take a seat , if you want . Michael sit at the table . look at the paper . michael math , huh ? sullivan ( smile ) yeah . I always hate it . michael I too . ( continued ) continued : 82. beat . Sullivan look at the boy , curious , scolding himself . sullivan so what do you like ? michael huh ? sullivan what subject do you like - do you like ? in school ? pause . Michael have never be ask such a question by he father . michael ( shrug ) Bible History , maybe . sullivan any ? ( surprised ) ly ? michael I like the storey . Sullivan smile . michael ( cont 'd ) Peter be good at math . Sullivan look at he . sullivan be he ? Michael nod . pause . michael do you like Peter more than I ? pause sullivan no . no , Michael . I love you both the same . michael but you be different with I . ( continued ) 83 . continued : sullivan be I ? ( Michael nod ) well , maybe that 's because Peter be just such a sweet boy . you know ? and you ... beat . Sullivan think . sullivan ( cont 'd ) you be more like I . and ... I do not want you to be . beat . sullivan ( cont 'd ) I do not mean to be different . Michael take this in . michael okay beat . michael ( cont 'd ) good night , pa. sullivan good night . Michael hug Sullivan good-night . Sullivan respond . int . ' shack 's - night ( later ) Sullivan continue to read through the document . he discard some and then , at random , he pull out a buff color file , quite thick , from another stack of papers . Sullivan look at it . interested . surprise . close : the file : it say in type , ' Mr. finn mcgovern ; account '. Sullivan open it . flick through : letter , account , docket . Bank receipt in vary amount , all make out to ' connor rooney '. int . ' shack 's - early morning Sullivan , fully dress , wake the sleep Michael . ( continued ) 84 . continued : sullivan ( upbeat ) Michael , wake up . get you thing . Michael be bleary eye . sullivan ( cont 'd ) we be leave . ext . ' shack 's - same day ( later ) the car engine be run . Bill and Virginia wave good - bye to Sullivan ( who be drive ) and Michael in the passenger seat . Sullivan lean out the window : sullivan we leave you something . Sullivan point to the barn . the car roll away down the dirt road . int . barn - day Bill and Virginia in the barn . in the center , Sullivan 's black bag . they approach it . a note in Michael 's handwrite : ' thank you ! 's in the bag : dollar . hundred and thousand of dollar . stack in block . they stare at the money . bill turn to virginia , astound . ext . landscape - day wide shot : Sullivan 's car speed down the open road . ext . ST . peter 's church - day a sunny morning . the bell of St. Peter 's announce Sunday mass . car and people throng the entrance . int . ST . peter 's church - day Inside , people receive communion at the altar rail . rooney be amongst they . ( continued ) 85 . continued : the mass be in Latin . churchgoer already have receive the eucharist , kneel in they pews in meditation . a choir sing a meditation song . CUT to : rooney return down the aisle . he slip into he pew , kneel . a man 's voice from the pew behind he speak . it be Sullivan . sullivan hello , John . a pause . rooney look around . rooney you be a smart man Michael . sullivan I want to talk . rooney here ? sullivan ( stand ) downstair . int . stair / corridor - day ( continuous ) the men walk in silence . they reach a SMALL door . Sullivan open it . snap on the light . rooney nod to Sean and Jimmy to wait outside . rooney and Sullivan go into - int . crypt / basement - day ( continuous ) the crypt stretch right underneath the church . no window . bare bulb . Religious detritus all around . Old pews , kneeler , ect . a crucifix . no chair . they stand , look at each other . the sound of the mass continue above they . rooney 's face fill with emotion . ( continued ) 86 . continued : rooney I do not think I have ever see you again . Sullivan hold out the file . sullivan read this . rooney hesitates sullivan ( cont 'd ) connor 's be steal from you for year . he 's keep account open under the name of dead man . Men like the mcgovern . and I stand there and help he kill Finn to line he own pocket . I think I be work for you . but I be not rooney you think I have give up my son ? sullivan he be betray you . rooney I know . pause . Sullivan in throw . this be he last effort to get through to the one man who could end this nightmare . rooney ( cont 'd ) now listen to man . I try to avoid more bloodsh . you would not accept that , so I do what be necessary . but I have always love you like a son . now I be tell you . leave . before it 's too late . sullivan ( try again ) think . think . they be protect he now - but when you be go , they be not go to need he anymore . this end with connor dead no matter what . rooney that ay be . but you be ask I to give you the key to he room , so you can walk in , put a gun to he head , and pull the trigger . I can not do that . ( continued ) 87 . continued : sullivan he murder Annie and Peter . rooney there be only murderer in this room ! Michael , open you eye ! this be the life we choose - the life we lead . there be only one guarantee . none of we will see heaven . sullivan Michael could . rooney then do everything you can to see that that happen . leave . I be begging you . it 's the only way . Sullivan , for the first time , consider this possibility . sullivan and if I go ? rooney then I will mourn the son I lose . int . nondescript HOTEL room - rock island - night it 's raining outside . close : a close black case . sullivan' hand snap the catch open , and then lift the lid of the case to reveal part of a machine gun , lie in compartment like a musical instrument . we see sullivan assemble the gun : he remove the part , piece by piece , quickly and efficiently . michael come in quietly . Sullivan , unaware of he son 's presence , check each part of the gun , then snap they together . he be intense , methodical , steeling himself . Sullivan take a canister of ammunition and snap it on to the assemble weapon . Sullivan turn ... Michael see the gun . ( continued ) 88 . continued : michael what be you go to do ? beat . sullivan just one last thing and then it 's do . pause . sullivan ( cont 'd ) ( gently ) go back to bed , Michael . Michael look at he father . there be nothing to say . he leave . Sullivan finish put together the gun . int . adjoining HOTEL room - night Sullivan write Michael 's name on a envelope . a single bed . nake bulb . Michael be asleep on the bed . Sullivan put the envelope on a bureau and look at he boy . after a moment , he turn , and exit the room . on the bed , michael be awake - have pretend to sleep . he see the envelope . pick it up . realize where he father have go ... CUT to : ext / int . SMALL rock island restaurant - night it 's close time . rooney and he six bodyguard be there last to leave . chair be put on table , ect . light go off . they step outside into the rain . Sean hold a umbrella over rooney . as they walk to the car , rooney be flanke by he six man . the car be park further down the street at the curbside . the street be empty . rooney reach the car and turn , knock on the rain streak window . he can not see through it clearly . ( continued ) 89 . continued : he shake the door handle , try to open the door . the car rock ... jimmy be body fall forward onto the steering wheel . rooney freeze , fear in he eye . he look to he bodyguard . they begin to draw they weapon . from the dark , a burst of gunfire . one after another , the bodyguard go down - pick off with brutal efficiency . rooney simply stand there , head bent , wait for it to be he . the gunfire echoe through the empty street . then silence . all of rooney 's man be dead . rooney stand alone . he raise he head . over rooney 's shoulder ; behind he , far off down the road , sullivan . he step out of the darkness and walk toward he . Sullivan stop a short distance from rooney . rooney turn around . Sullivan level the gun . a long beat . they look at each other . rooney I be glad it 's you . he shoot he . wide shot : only one figure stand in the empty street . close : Sullivan 's face . destroy . he look up . one by one , unbeknownst to Sullivan , light have come on in the street . people be draw to the window above he . men and women , stare in silence from warmly light interior . Pov from a high window : Sullivan , seem so small from up high , stand alone int the rain . slowly , Sullivan turn and walk into the darkness . wide shot : the empty street , and the rain . 90 . int . nitti ’‘s office - lexington HOTEL - night nitti be alone in he office , on the phone . he listen . nitti I understand . but Al want you assurance that after that ... it 's over . nitti get he assurance . nitti ( cont 'd ) the lexington Hotel . room 1432 . he hang up . sigh . reaches over for a file . begins to work . wide shot : nitti , alone in he office , at the center of it all . ext . lexington HOTEL - night the wind blow paper across the desert street in front of the lexington Hotel . a solitary figure walk into shot . it 's Sullivan . he enter the hotel . int . lexington HOTEL - night Sullivan cross the desert lobby of the lexington . close : Sullivan . focus . he approach marco , who stand by the elevator . but this time nothing be say . Marco simply press the elevator button for he and step aside . Sullivan walk into the elevator . the door close . int . lexington - upper corridor / int . connor 's room - night Sullivan exit the elevator . we follow he down the corridor . he reach connor 's room . knock . the door open . it 's harry . he see it 's Sullivan , and step aside . Sullivan walk into the suite . Sullivan look to Harry - Harry 's eye flick to the bathroom . ( continued ) gl . continued : Sullivan walk to the bathroom . open the door . Inside , the room be light bright white . there be steam form the bath , though we can ’t see who 's in it . from outside the room , we see Sullivan raise he gun . he fire three shot at the unseen figure in the bath . fast. brutal . efficient . then he turn , and walk . the mirrore bathroom door swing slowly close . as it close it reflect the scene on the other side of the door . it 's connor . he lie in he bath , blood splatter across the white wall . int . lexington HOTEL - upper corridor - night we follow Sullivan down the corridor . then ... we stop . he walk away from we along the long corridor . int . nondescript HOTEL room - dawn Michael be sit on the edge of the bed , wait for he father . he hear footstep . close he eye in silent prayer . the door swing open . Sullivan enter . they embrace . Sullivan 's face . fill with emotion . ext . road to perdition - day sullivan drive . the day be clear and blue , like the first day of spring . Michael stick he head out the window , let the wind roar over he , smile . ext . dirt trail - day they car pull up and stop . ext . hillside - day Sullivan and Michael come down through the wood and out onto a desolate , beautiful beach on the lake front . a light breeze blow in off the lake . Magic hour . ( continued ) 92 . continued : they walk down the beach , easy with each other . Father and son look over the beach . a pause . they see the house this distance . michael be that the house ? sullivan that 's it . a dog run out to greet they . michael hey ! I know there be a dog . Michael take off to meet up with the dog , run down the beach . Sullivan do not move . he just watch he son . smile . ext . sarah 's house - perdition - day Sullivan approach the house and open the screen door , enter . int . sarah 's house - hall - day sullivan move down the hall . at the end be a large sunlit room . sullivan Sarah ? it 's I , Mike . we be here . through the window , Sullivan watch Michael and the dog on the beach . ext . beach - day the dog leap up at Michael who catch its paw . int . sarah 's house - room - day sullivan enter the room . empty . he look out the window to the lake , and watch Michael play with the dog . Michael wave at he father . finally , a moment of peace ... and happiness . then ... bang ! maguire put two bullet in sullivan be chest . ( continued ) 93 . continued : sullivan go down , leave a smear of blood against the wall and window . maguire study he . his face be a shocking sight . a Mass of scar maguire mover nearer , put he gun on the table . as Maguire turn away , sullivan try to lift he hand to he holster , but have not get the strength . maguire take he camera out and start to focus . maguire ( whisper ) smile . maguire 's Pov : through the lens : Sullivan 's lie on the floor , bleed to death , upside down . Maguire take he shot . a hard , bright flash . there 's a creak . maguire 's head snap up away from the camera maguire 's Pov : the barrel of he own gun point at he from three yard . michael hold the gun , both hand . his face determine , certain . close : the gun shaking , slightly . Maguire glance at Sullivan who be stare at the boy . Maguire look back at Michael who cock the trigger : maguire ( cont 'd ) give I the gun . ( beat ) Michael ? Maguire 's hand be up . maguire ( cont 'd ) do not you do this ... the gun face he . Michael flick he eye to Sullivan : ' help I '. ( continued ) 94 . continued : Sullivan try to respond with he eye ... but Michael can not understand . maguire ( cont 'd ) come on . michael be Pov : Maguire stare at he . maguire ( cont 'd ) give I the gun . on michael : slow push in . he face . steeling himself , eye wide open , stare with determination ... then fear ... then desperation ... SOUND : gunshot . still on michael be face : shocked , terrify . CUT back to reveal : Maguire 's body lie dead in the center of the room . Michael look at he father . sullivan 's gun be still raised . michael I could not do it ... on Sullivan : trace of a smile . the end of a long journey . sullivan ( whisper ) I know . Michael kneel down to he , cradle he head , he hand cover he father 's blood . michael pa ? Michael hold he . he know he 's about to die . sullivan I be sorry . oh , I be sorry . I be sorry . Sullivan lose consciousness . michael ( sobbing and shouting ) pa! pa ! Michael hold he . realizing he father be dead , Michael clutches he own head in despair and be wreck with sob . ( continued ) 95 . continued : camera slowly move from they and up , slowly , to the window where ... we see the lake . vast and peaceful , glisten in the sun . CUT to : int . lake - perdition , mich - 1931 - day as in the open , Michael stand look out across the lake . michael ( v.o . ) I see then that my father 's only fear be that he son would follow the same road . and that be the last time I ever hold a gun . fade to white : ext . field - day Bill be work on a new roof , rebuild the farm . Virginia paint the front clapboard . they sweat in the heat of the early spring . sound of a car approach . they look up . in the distance , a maroon car drive towards they , kick up dust in it 's wake . michael ( v.o. ) people always think I grow up on a farm . and I guess in a way , I do . a small boy step out of the driver 's seat of the car , suitcase in hand . Sarah 's dog leap out as well . Michael stride across the field to the farmhouse , as the dog run ahead . michael ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but I live a lifetime before that , in that six week on the road , in the winter of nineteen thirty - one . ( beat . ) when people ask I if Michael Sullivan be a good man , or if there be just no good in he at all , I always give the same answer . I just tell they ... he be my father . fade to black . ( continued ) continued : end . 96 .