grayson write by John fiorella revised october 2010 wgaw registered untame cinema 2010 ext . alley - night a bum hobble through a dark alley , the rain pour down . he approach a garbage can and rummages through it as a church bell mark the hour bang - a gunshot ring out . there 's no one in any direction - until a shadow overtake he . the bum look up to see a man fall toward he . CUT to : Water pour from a sink faucet . we be in ... int . jim gordon 's house - night jim gordon ( 76 ) stand at he kitchen sink and clean up after dinner . his hair be white , he glass thick - a shell of the man he once be . to he surprise ... the red glow of a rotary phone illuminate from the study . ext . alley - night Gordon arrive in a modest sedan , a red light clamp to the roof of he car . cop # 1 commissioner , right this way . Gordon pull the collar up on he raincoat and make he way into the alley . cop swarm the area , when -- poof - blue smoke send a group of officer to they knee . o’ hara get back ! holler over the scene be clancy o’hara ( 59 ) , the Chief of Police . he 's a impose man wear dress blue and thin glass , a thick irish accent curling every word . Gordon step closer , cover he mouth from the fume . the smoke clear to reveal ... batman lie in a pool of blood . Gordon stare , slack - jaw . crime scene photographer do they job , snap dozen of photo . we only catch glimpsis of batman 's body , he costume - navy against gray , with a metallic , mustard - color belt . gordon be he ... o’ hara Dead ? who know ... a crime scene investigator try to collect a GREEN hair from batman 's fist when - zap ! he receive a electrical shock . o’ hara we can not get close enough to find out . Gordon remove he badge . tucked into the leather back be a coin emboss with the bat symbol . in kneel closer , a magnetic force pull the coin from Gordon 's finger and into a slot on batman 's belt . the buckle unlatch , he defense disarm . CUT to : ext . desert - day a communicator glow red . it 's sewn into the belt of a iconic hero who need no introduction . despite the silver that grace he hair , superman , aka clark kent ( 56 ) , be still a awesome sight to behold . with childlike ease , he wrestle a tank to its side , he costume awash in sand and oil . amid the chaos of explode missile and burn corpse , he switch off the comm and launch skyward . back to : ext . alley - same a cop tap batman with he billy club . cop # 1 he 's good . all clear . one of the cop reach for he cowl . cop # 2 let 's get a look ... gordon get back ! Gordon draw he gun . he do not point it at anyone in particular , but the message be clear o’ hara Jim - gordon I say get back ! the surround cop do as he say . a wave of emotion wash over Gordon as he search batman for a pulse . gordon ( to a paramedic ) bring the cart . medic ( to o’hara ) he 's be lie there for twenty minute ... gordon bring the GOD damn cart ! the medic bring over a defibrillator . they try to resuscitate batman , with no result . eventually the medic stop ; however , Gordon keep try , perform manual cpr . gordon get up ... get up .... there 's no fight it - the batman be dead . a mix of anger and sadness overcome Gordon and he collapse to the pavement . he weep like a child as superman descend into the alley . CUT to : a elaborate building construct of white marble and blue glass sit at the heart of a bustling city . this be ... ext . hall of justice - night a soothing fountain trickle out front . all be peaceful , until a computer console come fly out the window . man ( 0.s. ) Nice try , hot pants ... inside the build a man dress in a crimson unitard snicker while admire the damage . see here without he mask on , the slick blond hair and shit-eate grin belong to barry allen ( 41 ) , or as he 's more commonly know - the flash . flash ... but you still throw like a girl . fashion in knee-high boot and a patriotic bustier , diana prince ( 49 ) , aka wonder woman , be not one to piss off . she grab a decorative statue from the corner of the room and tear it from its base . flash oh , now that 's impressive . wonder woman bring the statue down for a crush blow ; however , the flash dodge , he movement immeasurably fast . the statue hammer into the floor , shatter to piece . flash especially for someone you age . she prowl after he , knock over everything in she way . wonder woman you be gonna learn some respect flash this come from a grow woman in a bikini three size too small . seethe , wonder woman rip a gigantic , iron globe from the wall and hurl it toward he . to she surprise , it 's intercept by a spectral GREEN gorilla . this be the work of hal jordan ( 58 ) , aka the GREEN lantern . he 's deck in a green body suit and armed with a emerald ring , the source of he power GREEN lantern that 's enough . flash Nice monkey . the flash zip across the room , stop inch away from Green lantern 's face . flash you be pretty tough with that ring on you finger , be not ya ? the gorilla lean closer , snarling , when the communicator on everyone 's belt glow in unison . flash wonderful . the flash switch off he comm and make for the building 's main computer - a enormous wall of new - wave technology . rising from a dark pool at the back of the room be arthur curry ( 63 ) , aka aquaman , the king of the seas . Long , matte hair drape down in front of he eye , he beard unkempt . a jacket of sleek , bronze armor cling to he torso . he shut off he comm , add ... aquaman this better be good . the flash switch on the computer , power the building 's external camera . silence fill the room as the monitor give view to superman in mid-flight . he descend from the night sky , hold batman in he arm . ext . suburb - morning Gordon park he car in front of a quaint , brick house . he take a drink from a small flask before exite he vehicle . inside the house barbara grayson ( 37 ) , a attractive redhead , ready herself for a meeting . she 's all smile and warmth . barbara should I wear pearl or silver ? in the background , dick grayson ( 35 ) make breakfast for they daughter , bethany ( 2 ) . Dick 's more average than he be handsome , with a thick beard , a recede hairline , and a heavy pair of glass . dick what do you think ? should mommy wear pearl or silver ? bethany banana . dick of course , banana . Barbara poke she head out from the bathroom . barbara pearl ? or ... silver ? dick Silver . she pluck a breakfast sausage from the table and kiss he . dick you get you cell phone ? she grab she cell off the counter . barbara I forget this thing everywhere . ding -dong . Barbara and Dick share a look . barbara ha . see what happen when you ask nicely ? she stride toward the door . dick so now every morning he 's gonna hand - deliver it ? barbara maybe he want to apologize for leave it in the bush , and in the street , and everywhere but the front door . she open the door to see gordon . barbara dad ! what a nice surprise . she greet he with a hug - and then see ... barbara I swear ... ( march outside ) that kid 's gonna turn I into the old lady on the block who complain about everything . she march into the neighbor 's yard and bend down to get the newspaper , she back clearly cause she discomfort . barbara you want some breakfast ? Dick 's make he famous pancake . Gordon do not respond . barbara what 's wrong ? back in the kitchen Dick slide a pancake onto a plate . dick how ' bout a little syrup ... Dick dot the pancake with a syrup happy face and look toward the entryway to see Barbara with tear - fill eye . ext . hall of justice - day Dick drive up to the building and squeal to a stop . he hop to the pavement and storm past a dozen police car already park out front . Gordon arrive shortly after he . gordon Dick , wait ! Dick enter the building behind one of the policeman . inside o’ hara and a group of cop mill about . Dick brushes past they . cop # 1 hey , this building 's off limit - Dick fold back the cop 's wrist and send he to the floor . the other cop react ; however , Dick 's not in the mood for game . he start dish out blow and send five officer to they back before -- a blur of red catch he in the jaw , knock he off he foot . flash that have to hurt . the cop cuff Dick as Gordon enter the room . gordon stop ! all of you ! take that cuff off he ... o’ hara now wait a minute , that man just - gordon that man be Dick grayson ! o’ hara Dick ? ( to the cop ) help he up . the cop lift Dick to he foot , he lip now bleed . o’ hara hand he a handkerchief . 10 . o’ hara do not recognize you . not that it matter . you just assault six officer . gordon and he get what he deserve . now let 's remember why we be here . o’ hara step closer , invade Gordon 's personal space . o’ hara yes , and why be he here ? it 's rather a inopportune time to allow you son- in - law to tag along , would not you say ? wonder woman and a pathologist enter the room . wonder woman gunshot wound to the chest . the cop mumble in disbelief . gordon he 's be shot before ... pathologist this be point blank . forty -four caliber . no sign of struggle , no scratch , bruise or break bone that can not be attribute to the fall . the pathologist get a signature from o’hara . pathologist if it make you feel any better Jim , he probably never see it comin’ . dick I want to see he . 11 . o’ hara eye Dick curiously - why would he want to see he ? superman ( 0.s. ) no . superman enter the room . without he trademark smile he 's a intimidating force , a live god dress in primary color . superman no one see he . that be he request and we all will honor it . CUT to : roll credit over a mason chisel stone . the onyx sculpture stand thirty foot tall - its feature undefine . int . CITY hall - day Chief o’hara storm down the hall with a throng of reporter in he wake , picture flash . reporter be it true the joker be at the crime scene ? o’ hara we will find batman 's killer and bring he to justice . that be all . clark kent be among the reporter . he turn to see Dick watch from afar . ext . cemetery - day rain come down as a crippled old man , alfred pennyworth ( 87 ) , exit a vehicle with the use of a wheelchair lift . 12 . he join a procession of mourner , all follow a casket bear the bat symbol . the pallbearer include , on one side , commissioner Gordon aquaman , and the flash ; on the other side be wonder woman Green lantern , and superman . as the funeral play out , Dick and Barbara stand among a privileged group of five hundred policeman and politician . thousands of other line the fence , they umbrella entwine into a endless canopy that encircle the cemetery . among the crowd Barbara spot selina kyle ( 41 ) , a stun brunette with wick curve . she lean closer to Dick , whisper ... barbara selina ... she 's get no business here . they attention shift at the SOUND of a man sobbing . it 's Gordon , he emotion send he to he knee . Barbara go to he side , leave Dick in the crowd . his expression do not blend with the sullen face around he . there 's a anger brewing ... and o’hara notice . he watch in curiosity as Dick look up at the gravestone tower over they . it 's a astounding monument , both beautiful and frightening . lift from its center be two massive wing , form a ominous , black shape resembling neither man nor bat , but something in between . along its base , read , '' whatever evil come this way , we will be here to stop they - the batman , justice League of America . '' Dick gaze at the monument , a fire in he eye . int . gordon 's house - later that night Friends gather to reminisce , o’hara among they . at the opposite end of the room , Dick sit by himself and polish off a bottle of scotch . 13 . gordon whoa , slow down on that stuff while you still have the sense to . dick you see the headline ? Gordon exhales a sigh and sit next to he . gordon I read they this morning . dick and ? gordon and ... I suppose we should have suspect ... Dick beam he with a look . Gordon lean closer , attempt to keep the conversation private . gordon let 's think it through . he escape arkham the same night - they find trace of he hair on Bruce 's body , and forensics confirm that the weapon use be he gun of choice , a Smith & wesson large - frame revolver with a forty - four caliber round . Hell , a inch from he chest ... even the strongest kevlar can not compete with that . dick you do not get it ... gordon Dick , I know how close you be , and maybe , I do not know ... you be feel guilty for have leave thing the way you do ... 14 . dick the joker be the exception to the rule . with he , we have a strike - first policy . that mean no warning , no chance to surrender just -- ( smack he fist ) -- bring he down . Hell , Bruce would never let that lunatic get right up on he - and put a god damn gun up against he chest ?! gordon shhh ... dick I do not care who hear ... the room quiet to a hush . gordon Dick , why do not we go for a walk - Dick stand and stumble into Gordon . dick I know there 's more to this . he exit , slamm the door behind he . barbara Dick , honey ... Barbara hurry after he but he 's already start the car and pull away from the house . barbara Dick ! wait ! you have have too much to drink ! o’ hara not to worry . we will get he before he hurt himself . 19 . o’ hara motion for a few other cop to leave with he . they get in separate car and follow after Dick . ext . wayne manor - later that night Dick stand outside the gate of Wayne manor and stare at the mansion , the rain hammer down . car headlight pass only to turn back around . it 's o’hara . he eye Dick curiously before grab he umbrella and join he . o’ hara what be it they say ? '' you can not go home again '' . hmff ... you be , what , eight year old when Bruce take you in ? Dick do not respond . o’hara prod further ... o’ hara where be Mr. Wayne , anyway ? I would have figure he have show up at the funeral , what with the media attention and all . of course , Bruce never really approve of the batman 's method , do he ? in fact when you think about it , he be rather outspoken against he . you on the other hand ... Dick turn and head back to he vehicle . o’ hara where you goin 's , Dick ? or should I call you Robin ? Dick stop and try to play it off . dick what ? 16 . o’ hara oh , please ... you wade through half a dozen of my finest like they be little girl . and why ? to get to the batman , as if he be you own father . dick I do not know what you be talk about . o’ hara bullshit . you be the circus boy in the yellow cape . it 's hard to see with that beard of yours , but I be as sure of it as I be my own name . what I be wonder be , who else know ? ( look to the manor ) do you keep it from Bruce ? Dick do not answer . o’ hara no , you could not lie to he , could ya ? he treat you like a son ... o’ hara 's face turn white as he make the realization . o’ hara sure and begorrah ... the father and the son . Bruce Wayne and Dick grayson , the Dynamic Duo . Dick grab he by the collar and throw he against the gate . dick you start spread nonsense like that and you be gonna wish the batman be around to save you . V / . o’ hara ( grin ) laddy , I be the Chief of Police . and while I have no interest in announce you little secret ... like a pit bull , he turn on Dick with surprising strength , freeing himself from he grip . o’ hara I 'il not be threaten ! o’ hara pick up he umbrella . o’ hara oh and a bit of advice . you have be out of that silly costume , for what now , twelve year ? I suggest you keep it that way . he return he car and drive off , leave Dick in the rain . int . police station - night Dick enter the lobby and head for the stair ; however , he catch the eye of desk sergeant lawrence johnson , a elderly black officer with a pencil-thin mustache . lawrence can I help you ? Dick walk over to the desk and shake he hand . dick Dick grayson , how do you do . lawrence grayson ... Bruce Wayne 's nephew ? 18 . dick no , but I get that a lot . technically , he be my legal guardian . lawrence well , on behalf of the precinct , I want you to thank he for we . Mr Wayne swoop in and bankrol we pension fund when the Mayor say otherwise . dick that sound like Bruce . lawrence a great man ... dick I 'il make sure to pass that along . lawrence now what can I do for you , Mr. grayson ? dick oh , I be just gonna get some file out of the Chief 's office . lawrence file ? dick the Chief 's back at the house , we be plan to roll up we sleeve , burn a little midnight oil on this whole batman thing , but Linda have a little too much to drink , though you do not hear that from I . lawrence hear what ? 1y . the two man laugh . lawrence okay then ... Dick head for the stair . lawrence let I just get the Chief on the line , to verify . lawrence pick up the phone and start dial . dick right , sure ... Dick pull out he key . dick sorry , he give I the key to he office , I be not even think . lawrence gave ya the key , eh ? lawrence hesitates , then continue dial . lawrence just to be sure ... six policeman enter the station with a mob of people to book all shouting and shove . lawrence hang up , wave Dick through and turn he attention to the crisis at hand . in the upstair hallway Dick near a office door that read chief of police across the glass . he pocket he key and , with the aid of a credit card , pick the lock . 20 . inside o’hara 's office Dick enter , only to discover -- a hooded thief rummage through the file . with cat - like agility the thief escape out the window . Dick hurry to the ledge - it 's a long way down , but he pursue . rooftop Dick 's out of shape but manage to stay in the chase . this be the ultimate in rooftop rundown - pure adrenaline , with more than a few near- fatal mishap . it weave its way through a few apartment and build to a astounding leap between building . the thief display a level of acrobatics not find in most crook . Dick follow -- and come up short , barely clear the distance . he catch the fire escape , which break , leave he dangle over the street , five storey up . dick selina ! Dick get the reaction he be expect , cause the thief to stop in she track , when - clink ! a portion of the fire escape break and send Dick fall . whaaaaaaam - he land on a park car , the window explode outward . smash CUT to : montage : 1 ) a wire snap and three acrobat go fall . a eight - year - old Dick grayson grab hold of the trapeze- platform and watch in horror as he parent fall to they death . 21 . 2 ) Bruce Wayne 's hand come down on Dick 's shoulder . they stare at a pair of headstone mark grayson . 3 ) Dick and Bruce share dinner . without explanation , Bruce get up from the table and leave the room in a hurry . Dick turn to see Alfred close the curtain , a glimpse of a signal in the night sky . 4 ) Dick triggers a hide switch , cause a wall of bookshelve to rotate out of the way , revealing the batcave . Alfred and batman be there to greet he . 5 ) Dick train for combat . Bruce teach he everything : jujitsu , forensic science ... 6 ) batman and Robin swing into action , wage battle against a team of gunman . superman , flash , wonder woman , aquaman and Green lantern join the fight . 7 ) a purple motorcycle screech to a stop . Red hair flow from beneath the mask . this be batgirl and Robin be wow . 8 ) Alfred tailor the Robin vest while Dick , who 's now much older , read a newspaper about batman 's '' child sidekick '' . disgruntle , he march into the armory , a chamber fill with cape and cowl . a pair of black gauntlet draw he attention . 9 ) a team of burglar fall under attack from a man dress in a black body suit - it 's nightwing , Dick 's new alias . he put a stop to the crook , all except for one , who ready a machine gun . Dick throw a batara . it stab into the robber 's arm , force the gun up . a woman in a window overlook the alley be hit and kill . 10 ) Dick throw he black costume into a roaring fireplace . Barbara wrap she arm around he , they day of crime fight behind they . 11 ) bang ! batman be shot in the chest . 22 . int . hospital - night Dick wake in a cold sweat . he turn to see Barbara sit beside he , asleep . she awaken ... barbara Dick ? oh thank god ... he try to talk , he voice not respond . barbara it 's okay . everything 's okay . for a moment , Barbara just feel he face , overjoy that he 's alright . dick ( just a whisper ) se ... selina ... barbara shh , it 's okay ... Barbara push the nurse button as Dick grow restless . dick the file ... barbara Dick , calm down . Dick reach for the phone , but Barbara pull it out of he reach . barbara listen to I -- dick we need to ... find selina ... barbara the joker kill Bruce . 23 . the news hit Dick like a lead weight . barbara he confess to the murder and be serve a additional life sentence because of it . Dick start shaking he head no . barbara it 's do , Dick . Dick pull the iv out of he arm and try to get up . barbara God damn it ... nurse ! ( to Dick ) stop ! listen to I . you almost die ! Dick struggle to sit up but do not have the strength . barbara think about you daughter . think about what you almost give up . the nurse come in . nurse # 1 relax , Mr. grayson . everything 's gonna be alright . dick no ... barbara do not fight it , Dick . nurse # 1 listen to you wife , Mr. grayson . she 's a smart woman - be by you side this whole time . 24 . Dick stop . he look around the room , at the numerous crayon drawing tape to the wall , and spot a photograph of he daughter , now much older . a tear slip from Barbara 's eye . barbara you have be in this bed two year six month and three day . Dick collapse , he mind whirling . dissolve to : int . hall of justice - night superman stand alone at the main computer and stare up at the big screen . he cycle through live satellite imagery , one horror show after another . Wars , famine , deforestation - the world at its worst . a voice crackle over he comm ... GREEN lantern ( 0.s. ) Clark , you there ? superman what do you need ? GREEN lantern ( 0.s. ) do you forget about the race ? superman grimace . he push a button on the console and a portion of the ceiling open . zoom - he take flight . ext . stadium - day a olympic-size stadium be pack to capacity . wonder woman aquaman and Green lantern stand on the track . wonder woman what have he say ? 20 . GREEN lantern nothing . flash zip into they conversation . flash well , be he come or not ? aquaman scowl at a crowd of photographer snap he picture . aquaman relax , Barry . we ' have all get more important thing to do . flash important , my ass . he probably just do not want to embarrass himself among all he fan . the crowd roar with applause at the sight of superman fly overhead . he descend to the track . superman let 's get this over with . flash ' Bout time . superman and flash step up to the start line . a Race official raise a starting pistol in the air . the flash crouch , while superman do not bother with a stance . a dozen high -speed camera come to life as the official pull the trigger . the hammer meet with the back of the round and - time seem to stop . a blur of red and blue tear around the track . the smoke have not even clear the barrel of the gun before they cross the finish line - way too fast to see with the human eye . 26 . at a second glance , the high -speed camera reveal both man shoulder to shoulder , trading the lead with every step . Frame by frame , they get closer to the string , and we ... CUT to : a crayon drawing of superman and the flash be tape to the wall . we be at ... int . hospital - day Dick stare out the window while Barbara tape yet another draw to the wall - a picture of a little girl on a swing . the hospital tv flicker in the corner barbara last month she get she hand on a toy stethoscope . this , of course , mean that if you need a band - aid , you have have to steal one from Brown bear . but once the swing set go in ... well , so much for have a doctor in the family . I swear , the way she jump around , she 's you daughter alright . Barbara sit beside he , curling she finger around he . barbara she want to know why she can not come visit you . it 's be week Dick . you be not listen to you doctor , you be hardly eat ... I know you be upset , but why can not you talk to I ? Dick pull he hand away from hers and grab the tv remote . he turn up the volume . Barbara get up and head for the door . 2 / . barbara most woman would have move on . do not give I a reason to now . she exit . newscaster chinese official be call the President 's use of force excessive and without provocation . on the tv we see - a chinese submarine rise out of the North Atlantic ice . newscaster in response , the U.S. Secretary of Defense issue a statement reaffirming the President 's position , cite that any subterranean exercise without U.S. approval would be view as a threat to national security . muscling the submarine out of the water be superman . Dick stare at the tv , a look of determination in he eye . int . hospital - night Dick work hard at strengthen he leg . week pass . dissolve to : int . hospital - day drenched in sweat , Dick struggle to walk without he crutch . he collapse into a chair and spot o’hara watch from the corner . dick commissioner . 28. o’ hara only take twenty - eight year and cost I my marriage , but I guess that be to be expect . dick I guess . there 's a awkward silence ... o’ hara be that all you have to say ? you break into my office , steal my file - dick I do not steal that file . 0 's hara oh , right . selina do . dick probably three crook in the world that move like that . o’ hara but you do not see she face . dick do not need to . o’ hara spot a stubby mexican woman mop in the corner o’ hara selina ! while it 's clearly not she name , she turn , startle . o’ hara exchange a look with Dick . too angry for word , Dick get he crutch in order and head for the door . 2g . o’ hara no more antic . from here on out you leave the police work to we policeman . and if ever we need help , we call on the League , a affiliation of which you be no longer a part of . dick I think my gym membership expire too , but thanks for remind I . ext . grayson house - day Dick come home from the hospital . he walk with the aid of a cane . Barbara and bethany walk beside he . his daughter have grow quite a bit . she 's almost five . int . grayson house - night they sit at the dining room table and eat dinner , laugh and carry about like a loving family . bethany ... and its tail go woosh , knock it over and splam ! dick it do not ... bethany mayonnaise everywhere ! dick no ! bethany ( laugh ) yup ! 30 . barbara ( jokingly ) now we be definitely not get a dog ... bethany come on , pleeeease ! what if we get a little one , with a tiny tail ? there 's a knock at the door . it can be hear open . gordon ( 0.s. ) hello ? Barbara get up from the table . concerned . they hug . bethany grandpa ! gordon there 's my sack of potato ... then , Gordon fall into a shelf - he 's drunk barbara damn it , dad ... bethany oooh , mommy swore . barbara bed time , let 's go . bethany but I be not do with my corn . barbara go on - go brush you tooth . bethany awww , Mom ... 31 . Dick sit there , completely take aback by the haggard condition of Gordon . barbara Dick ?! Dick get up and lead bethany out of the room . dick come on . show I where you bedroom be , I think I forget . int . grayson house - bethany 's room bethany 's in she pajamas , she teddy bear still cover in band -aid . she sit up in bed and point to a ribbon on the wall . bethany for this one , I have to spell fireman . dick fireman . that 's a tough one . I know it start with a 0 . bethany 0 ? dick oh my goodness ! look what time it be ! he smother she in tickle and close with a kiss . bethany dad , do not get hurt again . okay ? something about the way she say it knock the wind right out of he . 32 dick okay . int . grayson house - live room Dick come downstairs to find the dining room empty . the SOUND of vomiting can be hear down the hall . in the bathroom Dick peek in the doorway to see Barbara caring for Gordon . dick why do not you take a break ? Barbara eagerly exit the room , add ... barbara do not feel sorry for he . Gordon wipe the slop from he chin . gordon welcome home , Dick . int . grayson house - later that night Barbara place a pile of blanket on the couch . barbara you be all set . but I mean it , this be the last time . she head to bed . gordon she 's a good girl , that one . try to get I help ... go to the meeting and all that . ( more ) 33 . gordon ( cont would ) I try to stay away from it - go a whole month once without a sip ... but with Bruce go and , well , you ... Dick pat Gordon on the shoulder and hand he a cup of tea . a comforting silence hold the room , when Dick ask ... dick do you still believe it ? gordon believe what ? Dick beam he with a look . Gordon hang he head , he know what he 's ask . gordon do not matter what I believe . the case have be over for what now ... dick that 's o’hara talk . gordon yeah , well , you should listen . Times have change , Dick . sound cliche , but god damn if it be not the truth . o’hara 's get the rein to the city . he 's a political powerhouse with connection that run to the top of the food chain and I mean to the very top . dick the hell with o’hara , we go straight to the League . gordon go straight to they with what ? what do ya get ? 34 dick right now , nothin’ , but I know who might . int . museum - night a stun blonde stroll through a posh crowd . she strut past a trio of police officer and the display case of diamond they be guard . her shapely hip do not go unnotice as she enter ... the woman' bathroom she duck into a bathroom stall and remove she skirt . on the flipside of the fabric be a detailed blueprint of the museum . it belong to ... selina kyle ( 44 ) , aka catwoman . she make correction to the blueprint and kick the flusher . as she exit the stall , a handcuff slap down on she wrist and yank she against the wall . her assailant be -- dick do not move -- whack ! she knee he in the stomach . selina pull off she earring , straddle he arm , and instantly pick the lock . she step toward the door when Dick grab she by the ankle . the exchange continue , each dish out blow at a alarming speed , until finally Dick slam she against the wall . it 's then she realize ... selina Dick ? dick Nice wig . 35 . selina oh my god , Dick ... that night on the roof - I never mean for you to get hurt . dick explain that to the cop . he pull down on a FIRE alarm . a siren bellow . selina God damn it ... she pull he into a bathroom stall as a pair of cop enter the room . cop # 1 let 's go , everybody out . in the stall they lower they voice to a whisper ... selina what do you want ? dick I wanna know what you be do that night . selina same as you - look for answer . dick then show I what you find . a cop kick in the stall door to find -- selina and Dick in a impassion embrace , she top pull down , she chest press against he . 36 . cop I say let 's go . outside . she fix she blouse . selina he 's relentless . ext . museum - night selina and Dick walk arm in arm down the museum step , past a gather of police car and fire truck . selina I have be case this exhibit for month . if they find my gear , they 's 11 up and ship that diamond to metropolis . dick gee , I will feel real lousy about that . ext . tenement build - later that night selina pull the wig from she head , let she long , black hair unfurl . they walk toward a rundown apartment complex in a bad part of town . a few local eye they as they pass . selina relax . dick do I look worried ? selina most of the time . dick just curious . you do not exactly blend in . 3 / selina I keep to myself ... two thug lean out from a alley and block they way . thug pretty necklace - whack - whack - she lay they both out . selina ... for the most part . int . tenement build deep shadow run the length of the hall , obscure most of the graffiti . selina how 's Barbara ? dick Fine . selina I hear she make a full recovery . dick not full . selina I can not imagine . tell she I say hello . dick sure ... '' honey , how be you day ? catwoman say hello . '' they round a corner and approach a apartment door . she slide a board aside and reach in , push a release . the door open opposite its hinge . 38 . inside her hideaway the room be fill with drill , grapple hook , glass - cutter , everything a professional thief could ever want . dick look like you be keep busy . selina strut across the room and retrieve a file . selina here . first forty - eight hour of the investigation . dick anything stand out ? selina pull off she coat and sink into a comfy chair . selina I be the thief . you be the detective . ( reflect ) I love he , you know . he pull I off the street , right out of the gutter . I owe Bruce everything . dick ( sarcastic ) yeah , well , I be sure you make he real proud . Dick make for the door . selina there 's something else . her tone have change , she eye saddle with guilt . 3y . selina I do not usually do breakout but ... at that price ... dick who do you break out ? selina I be in over my head with other debt that have to get pay . dick who ? CUT to : int . boiler room - night nothing move down here . until ... a drill whirl through a sewage pipe . it cut a wide circle , spilling excrement . lift from the filth be catwoman . steam rise from she wet suit , she face completely cover by a protective mask with re-breather . we be in ... int . arkham asylum - MAIN prison Polished black loafer walk down the hall . selina now wear a prison security outfit . she enter the security booth and incapacitate the guard . her attention turn to the main control panel . she run she finger down a line of numbered switch , stop at # 42 . with the push of a button ... elsewhere in the prison cell door # 42 unlock and creak open . back to : 40. int . selina 's apartment selina I try to look at it like any other job , but - Dick push over a table full of gear , angry beyond word . selina hang she head in shame . dick how much be you pay ? selina twelve , up front . dick twelve million ? ( she nod '' yes '' ) who be you contact ? selina I do not know . dick what do you mean , you do not know ? selina the whole thing be odd . even the breakout . when I get to he cell , it be like he have no idea I be come . dick how be it arrange ? selina it be all do in code . want ad . gotham Times . Dick take off he coat and grab a newspaper off the floor . 41 . dick show I . int . grayson house - 3:10 a.m. Dick enter he house with the file tuck under he arm . barbara ( 0.s. ) be that o’hara 's file ? he turn to see Barbara sit at the dining room table . judge by she expression , she 's be wait here all night . dick yes . barbara how do you find she ? dick that 's what I do . barbara not anymore . dick listen , I need to do this . barbara I love he too , Dick . but nothing you do be gonna bring he back . dick then what 's the harm ? if what they say be true , then - barbara every minute you work on this case , you put we daughter 's life further at risk . 42 . dick and if we do not know the truth , how much less be she at risk ? barbara oh do not give I that bullshit about fight for what 's right . who do you think you be talk to ? dick what do you expect I to do , just walk away ? barbara yes , and you better . learn the truth about Bruce 's death will not make the world a better place for we daughter if it get she father kill in the process . she march past he and up the stair . in the study Dick turn the light on at he desk and open the file . he stare at it for only a second before close it . in there bedroom Dick crawl in bed and put he arm around he wife . dissolve to : int . grayson house - bedroom - morning Sun peek through the curtain . Barbara awaken to discover that she bed be empty . 43 . down in the basement Dick do pull-up . montage : - Dick visit the crime scene , take picture . - Dick work out with rusted weight . - Barbara watch as Dick go over the case file . - Dick jog in the rain . he 's clearly get fit . ext . grayson house - afternoon Dick return home from he jog to find o'hara 's car park out front . inside Barbara share coffee with o’hara in the live room . o’ hara Dick . dick do not let I interrupt . Dick head for the kitchen . Barbara do not hold back ... barbara have you be to the crime scene ? dick it 's not a crime scene anymore , it 's just a alley . more coffee ? Dick exit the live room and storm into ... 44 , the kitchen Barbara follow in after he . her voice hushed . barbara that be rude . dick that be I be nice . barbara what 's get into you ? he 's here because he care . dick that 's endear . barbara do not think I do not know what you be do . the run every morning , that rusted old weight bench ... it 's like you be training for a war . o’hara ( 0.s . ) I appreciate the hospitality , but I really should get go . Dick empty the coffee pot into the sink dick just as well , we be out of coffee anyway . Barbara storm out of the kitchen . Dick listen as she apologize to o’hara and he opt for a different approach . in the foyer o’ hara have one foot out the door , when ... 45 . dick what 's the rush ? Dick close the door and steer o’hara into the live room . they lock Barbara a dick sit down , have a second cup . o’ hara I really do not have the time -- dick make the time . eye . o’hara reluctantly take a seat . Dick hand coffee cup and she head back into the kitchen . o’ hara you have get two minute . dick you need to tell I what you know . o’ hara about ? dick that night in the alley . tell I what you see . o’ hara I think I make myself perfectly clear ... dick I need to hear it from you . o’ hara I be the commissioner of gotham and you be a stay- at- home dad . 46 . dick you have access to every source of information - - o’ hara information not privy to people outside of the department . Dick pound he fist against the table . dick God damn it , tell I ! Barbara reenter the live room - be everything alright ? o’ hara calm she with a wave and she go back into the kitchen . he swallow he pride and sit up in he seat . o’ hara I arrive in the alley at 11:37 pm . we find strand of green hair on the roof as well as on the victim 's body . Three day later we catch the joker , whose DNA match the hair find at the crime scene and who later confess to the crime . dick he claim to have shot batman in the chest and watch he fall off the roof , landing , and I quote , '' flat on he back like a wingless bat . '' o’ hara and ? dick and the autopsy report say he shattered both ankle . o’ hara so? 4 /. dick so he do not land on he back , he land foot first and fall forward , accounting for the contusion to he skull . CUT to : int . alley - night wham - batman meet with the pavement , shatter he ankle and crack he skull . back to : int . grayson house o’ hara I do not give a shit what he say ... dick good , because he confession be nothing but a ploy to gain he status at the asylum . o’ hara forensics can put the joker on the roof at the time of the murder . and if that 's not enough , the gun use to commit the crime be the same make and model he use to shoot you wife . CUT to : 48 . int . barbara 's apartment - front door the joker level he gun at Barbara 's abdomen and pull back on the trigger - bang ! back to : int . grayson house dick how do you account for the powder burn on he chest ? o’ hara the gun be fire point-blank . dick right , except Bruce would never allow the joker within arm 's length of he . never. CUT to : ext . build rooftop - night the barrel of the gun go off a inch from batman 's chest . back to : int . grayson house o’ hara we all get old , Dick , and we all slip up . dick there 's a witness who hear -- 4g . o’ hara ( dismissive ) a drunk in the alley . dick he hear a single gunshot follow by Bruce nearly landing on top of he . but there 's no mention of hearing any laughter after the impact . o’ hara what do that even mean ? dick you have see the joker in he cell . that maniac laugh at everything . he laugh at the god damn wall . o’ hara Christ , Dick , be that all you get ? dick I be tell you , he do not pull the trigger . o’ hara well , a jury disagree with you . and you two minute be up . o’ hara stand and head for the door . dick at the very least , reopen the case . o’ hara please thank you wife for the coffee . dick if you reopen the case , we can -- 90 . o’ hara let it go , Dick . you crime - fight day be over o’hara exit . Barbara come out of the kitchen with two fresh cup of coffee . she and Dick exchange a look , neither pleased . int . grayson house - study - night Dick sit at he desk , try to unravel the mystery behind the want ad and who hire selina . a picture of a puddle of blood send he mind reeling -- flashback to : ext . alley - night nightwing send a batara whirling - it connect , force the gunman 's hand up . above , a woman overlook the alley be hit and kill . back to : study - same Dick shake the memory from he thought and hear bethany giggle down the hall . upstair in the bathroom Dick watch from the hall as he wife scrub bethany in the tub . barbara do you get you elbow ? bethany when can we go back to the market ? of 1 . barbara that 's on thursdays . bethany I wanna buy daddy some flower . barbara what color ? bethany Red and yellow . and orange . and purple ... Dick take it all in , consider ... back at he desk the crime scene report be box up and throw in the closet . ext . grayson house - back yard - day bethany play on a swing set . bethany dad , watch this . Dick break from rake the leave to watch he daughter hang from she leg . Barbara gaze from ... the kitchen window she smile at the sight of she husband and daughter play . before she finish make lunch , the doorbell ring . at the front door Barbara be greet by ... 92 . barbara Alfred ! she bend down to he wheelchair and give he a hug . alfred how good to see you , miss Barbara . barbara what bring you out this way ? int . grayson house - kitchen - later Alfred set a key on the table in front of Dick . Barbara sit next to he . alfred master Bruce want you to have this . he express a hope that you would continue to donate a portion of he earning to the charity he support . however , it be entirely up to you discretion . Wayne enterprise , the estate ... everything now belong to you . Dick exchange a look with Barbara before reach for the key . as he pick it up , she hand come down on top of he . barbara we do not want it . dick / alfred what ? barbara we do not need this . a garage full of car , a stable full of horse - you can not even ride a horse . dick barb ... 93 . barbara besides , I have a good job and we be pay down you medical bill - dick bethany 's college fund , what about that ? we dip into that account to keep up the mortgage . barbara I know ... dick where 's that money gonna come from ? barbara she x11 have to work towards a scholarship . dick barb , by this time tomorrow we could afford to have you back look at by the best doctor in the country . barbara give the money to Clark . dick Clark ... barbara he x11 do something good with it . dick Clark turn he back on we a long time ago . barbara I do not care , I do not want it ! 94 . alfred please , please ... Alfred take hold of Barbara 's hand . alfred miss Barbara , with all due respect , this inheritance be not mean for Clark Kent . ( to Dick ) and you ... you should know that despite they fall out , master Bruce hold Mr. Kent in high regard . and rightfully so , when you consider the complexity of he obligation . it 's not every man who can handle the weight of the world on he shoulder . dick no offense , Alfred , but we all have burden to carry . alfred yes , and you should be thankful you be not require to carry he . CUT to : Polished red boot walk across a field of human bone . we be in ... ext . africa - the congo - day the boot belong to superman , who wander through a valley litter with corpse . a emptiness consume he eye , as if he 's walk through a thousand of this field . when ... a blood-curdling scream spin superman on he heel . there , spring from the tree line , be a woman cover in blood she dark skin lacquer red . 9d . gunshot ring out and a bullet tear into she shoulder send she headlong into superman 's arm . he pivot to protect she as more gunfire erupt from the brush , the bullet ricochete off he back - not that it will matter the woman 's last breath trickle from she lung . superman gently set she down and turn to face the culprit . a dozen machine gun blaze from the safety of the tree . the man of steel lift back he arm and clap he hand . a sonic boom fill the air and a SHOCK wave shake the jungle . a eight - year - old boy stumble from the tree line . he drop he rifle and fall to the ground , he ear bleed . superman watch in horror as a dozen other gunman topple out from hide , all of they child . int . wayne manor - day the front door open and Dick step inside . sheet cover everything . he make he way to the library and reach for a book on the shelf . when pull , a portion of the floor slide back - revealing a hidden stairwell . descend through darken hallway , he enter ... the batcave with he first step , Dick sink into a foot of water . a portion of the cave be flood . he continue farther into the cavern . his finger follow the contour of one ina series of ten batmobile , all gather dust . relic of the past consume every corner : a giant joker card , a oversize penny , a rack of umbrella ... and that 's when he see it - the robin costume , hang ina glass display case . alfred ( 0.s. ) a bit colorful , I admit . of 6 . Dick turn to see Alfred sit in a motorize wheelchair at the far end of the cave . alfred still , a fine suit of armor . Alfred wheel himself over to a tool bench and continue he work , re-wiring some sort of handheld , electronic gizmo . dick have not you ever hear of pinochle ? alfred ha , that 's a game best play with friend . this day I be very much alone . however , I do enjoy tinkering with this thing . help keep the mind sharp . dick what 's this one do ? alfred oh , just another toy . similar in function to a e.m.p. , only , instead of emit a frequency that overload circuitry , it radiate a subsonic modulation that can rupture steel . ( off Dick 's look ) ha ha ... I forget . you never have a love for science . no , you area of expertise be in leaping off height with never a care as to where you might land . always the acrobat , eh , master Dick ? dick in my youth , Alfred . in my youth . Dick spot a table overrun with utility belt . o/ dick do you ever get around to put that audio device into the belt like Bruce always talk about ? alfred oh yes . several version , in fact . dick would he have have one on he that night ? alfred I would assume so . Alfred wheel closer to the table , grab a belt and disconnect a micro processor from the back . alfred should look something like this . he toss it to Dick . it 's no bigger than a dime . alfred of course , you 'il need to retrieve the right belt . dick it can not really be that easy , can it ? alfred hmff , nothing ever be . Alfred wheel himself to the cave elevator . alfred it 's good to have you home , sir . now if you 'il excuse I , I 'il leave the two of you alone . dick wait , what ? 98 . the elevator door close . Dick look around . there 's no one else in the cave . that 's when he notice ... a blink red light . Dick step closer . he brushes away the cobweb and lay he hand on a scanner . there 's a clunk as power flood into a hulk machine - this be the bat computer . Dick remove the key give to he by Alfred , its distinct shape match a tumbler on the bat computer . he slide the key into the console and give it a twist , not expect to hear ... bruce wayne ( v.0 . ) hello , Dick . if you be listen to this , it mean I be dead . the sound of Bruce 's voice echoe through the cave . bruce wayne ( v.0 . ) let I start by say that the day you leave , I be fill with such ... relief . just to know that you would get the chance to live a normal life . I know you feel guilty for have go , but it take courage to begin again and for that , I have never be more proud of you . a vault automatically unlock across the room . bruce wayne ( v.0 . ) this vault , the one you always want to see the inside of as a boy , well ... I be afraid it 's not fill with any of that exciting thing you once imagine . Inside it be paperwork - the documentation you x11 need to bring all of this , the house , the stock , my entire worth , into you name . ( more ) oy '. bruce wayne ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) as for Bruce Wayne , well , for now he 's very much alive . you ’1ll even hear account of he pop up from time to time . in fact , he 'il live for several more year until he tragically die in a plane crash North of the himalayas . a fitting death for a billionaire , I suppose . all that I do ask be that you continue with my contribution to the company in this city that be still out to do good . they be list on the second shelf , red folder . a red folder sit in the vault . bruce wayne ( v.0 . ) and while I know I do not need to say this , it be a honor to have fight beside you . you be a smart detective , a honest man , and a great son . ext . gotham courthouse - day a black sedan pull up to the curb and o'hara get out , rain fall . he 's quickly swarm by reporter . reporter # 1 be it true superman will now be patrol the street of gotham ? o’ hara yes and we be lucky to have he . reporter # 2 who in Washington command the authority over where superman - o’ hara the decision be that of the Attorney General . 6u . reporter # 3 should the citizen of gotham be worried that superman now answer to you ? o’ hara superman do what 's best for the good of this country . and no , the people of gotham should never fear he presence . not unless they be criminal . the reporter all laugh . look past they , o'hara think he see Dick across the street . however , at a second glance , Dick be nowhere to be see . from inside a nearby bank Dick stare at o’hara through the window , use the bank as cover . bank teller can I help you ? dick no , thank you . before exite , Dick spot gordon at the teller window . dick Jim ... gordon Dick - you bank here ? dick no . Gordon collect he thing . gordon what 's wrong ? 61 . dick nothing the League can not answer . int . hall of justice - observation deck - day a tour group be parade through a section of the facility overlook the main council room . wonder woman stride into the main room , garner elate chatter from the tourist . tour guide now there 's a woman who need no introduction . stand five foot eleven inch tall and capable of lift over twelve thousand ton , she 's one of the team 's founding member , though you have never know it to look at she . wonder woman press a button , fogging the glass along the observation deck . tour guide sorry folk , but not even we get to see what go on behind the curtain . now if you 'il follow I , you x11 get a glimpse of what a invisible jet really look like . as they walk out of the view area , one of the tourist linger behind and admire a heavy bust of the flash . with the force of he shoulder , he muscle it over . the bust topple into the view window , shatter the glass . alarm bellow as the tourist leap through the window frame and land in -- the MAIN council room before he can take a step , he 's surround by a tower circle of GREEN FIRE . GREEN lantern eye he captive . it 's none other than ... 62 dick get a minute ? int . hall of justice - hallway Green lantern escort Dick down the hall . GREEN lantern quite the dramatic entrance . dick maybe next time you 'il try return my call . GREEN lantern we get a little busy around here , in case you have forget . dick well , then I will not waste any of you time . Dick stop outside of the morgue . dick I need to see Bruce 's body . GREEN lantern what ? we ... bury he . dick the casket we bury be empty . do not talk to I like I be some outsider . GREEN lantern I be sorry . dick I want to see he . 63 . Green lantern put he palm on a scanner . a elevator open and they both get in . GREEN lantern I be afraid you be gonna be disappointed . the door close . inside the elevator they ride the elevator down . GREEN lantern there 's nothing to see . Clark take care of it . dick take care of it how ? GREEN lantern per Bruce 's wish - he torch it . CUT to : int . hall of justice - three year ago superman engulf batman 's body in heat vision . back to : int . hall of justice - elevator the elevator door open and Green lantern point . GREEN lantern that 's all that 's leave . Dick step off the elevator and enter ... 64 . a underground warehouse the room be overflow with antiquated bat-gadget and vehicle . at the far corner of the room sit batman 's utility belt . Dick look it over , it 's a char mess . GREEN lantern have not be down here in a while . look at that ... Green lantern grin at the sight of a 1966 batmobile with stylish tail fin . GREEN lantern Voice recognition , atomic battery - do not make ‘em like this anymore . dick yeah , fancy car . you remember the man who drive it ? Green lantern 's comm suddenly crackle with the voice of ... flash ( 0.s. ) hal , you better have a serious talk with wonder bra before I be make to teach she a lesson . dick how be Barry this day ? flash ( 0.s. ) I be tell you , I be one - tenth of a second away from take that lasso of hers and - Green lantern shut off he comm . GREEN lantern should have kick he out year ago . 65 . dick and Clark ? GREEN lantern spend most he time on the front line , clean up the President 's mess . dick Clark 's a pawn , just like diana . GREEN lantern we be all pawn in some way or another . dick that 's a great motto . GREEN lantern we be a different League now , Dick . dick that 's what happen when you sit o'hara at the head of the table . Green lantern take the Utility belt from Dick 's hand . GREEN lantern I do not like what you be insinuate . dick what happen to this place ? this building use to stand for something - we use to stand together . again , Green lantern 's comm signal and we hear ... wonder woman ( 0.s. ) o’hara 's ask to speak with you . 66 . dick I 'il let myself out . Dick storm out of the room . unbeknown to Green lantern Dick have pull the micro processor out of the Utility belt . int . batcave - night Dick watch on intently as Alfred connect the micro - processor to the bat computer alfred that should do the trick ... Dick 's cell phone ring . he check the number and answer . dick perfect timing . you want to hear what happen that night ? on the other side of the line Gordon listen from home . gordon what night ? dick ( 0.s. ) listen ... Dick put the phone on speaker and Alfred activate the recording . it begin with the joker laughing . Gordon sit wide - eye , listen ... int . batcave the joker 's laughter fill the cave , follow by ... 6 / batman ( 0.s. ) put down the gun . the audio suddenly become indiscernible . gordon ( 0.s. ) what happen ? a warning illuminate on the bat computer , indicate damage . dick God damn heat vision ... gordon ( 0.s. ) what be you talk about ? alfred it seem the audio processor have sustained some damage . dick damn it ! gordon ( 0.s. ) can it be fix ? a red light flash on the security system . alfred it appear we have a visitor dick no visitor . keep the gate close . alfred the gate be close , sir , but it will not make a bit of difference . 68 int . wayne manor - the front door Dick open the door to reveal superman . rain or no rain Dick do not invite he in . superman Richard . dick Kent . superman push past Dick and begin look around the foyer . superman I do not enjoy this , but it seem you be upsetting a lot of people . dick well , you can tell that people they can go to hell . superman save the tough talk , I be not the enemy . dick no ? you come here to warn I , do not ya ? be that the sort of thing you do with you friend ? warn they not to step out of line ? I get news for ya , I be gonna tear this city apart until I find the truth . superman you be in over you head . dick I be not interested in you opinion . 6y . superman Bruce do not want to hear it either and it cost Jason he life . dick get out . superman make for the door , stop to add ... superman you can live in this house and play with he toy , but you 'il never be he . do not make I remind you . he exit the house and lift into the night sky . montage : - Alfred toil with the micro-processor , carefully pull it apart while Dick pound away at a heavy bag . - Dick study dozen of newspaper clipping , still try to crack the code . - sprint through the wood , Dick snap out a batara and hurl it toward the treetop . as it angle back , he flip over a fall tree and ... ext . grayson house - morning Dick catch the paper throw at he by the paperboy . later that morning the newspaper lie spread out across the kitchen table as Dick study the personal . a advertisement for the circus catch he eye . bethany sit across from he and struggle with a word jumble on the back of she cereal box . 10 . bethany dad , what 's a ... ( she count the space ) seven - letter word for '' scary '' ? dick umm ... I do not know . ask you mother . bethany pick up the box and exit the room . bethany ( 0.s. ) Mom , will you help I with this riddle ? Dick look up from the paper - riddle ... int . batcave Dick enter a chamber fill with keys and remove a set mark arkham . int . batcave - later a blueprint of arkham asylum lie across a wide table . Dick study the schematic and place a key on each door it 'il open . ext . arkham asylum - night the building loom like a weathered castle , overrun with gable and wrap in barb wire . High atop the wall , Dick scale the stonework . no rope - he do it the hard way . he disappear into a smokestack . int . arkham asylum - furnace room Dick exit out the furnace and disrobe . fi. int . arkham asylum - hallway now dressed as a janitor , Dick unlock a steel - plate door and enter a corridor . on either side of he be solitary confinement cell , numbered sequentially . he pass door # 42 , hearing the faint SOUND of laughter . a thin window be the only visual access into the room . Dick peer in the window . the cell appear empty , however ... inside the padd cell what Dick do not see be the joker ( 72 ) lie with he back against the door , he arm bound in a straightjacket , he mouth splay wide and roaring with laughter . in the hallway Dick move farther down the hall and come to cell # 63 . a wall of glass separate Dick from a thin man face the corner . crossword puzzle cover the floor . dick riddler ... edward nigma ( 78 ) , aka the riddler , look up from he puzzle , he green eye sparkling . inside the MAIN control room Dick can be see stand outside the riddler 's cell on one of thirty monitor . two security guard take notice . security guard # 1 what 's darrel do ? darrel ( 0.s. ) you say somethin’ ? for 2 . the guard turn to see darrel the janitor wheel he cart into the room . at the riddler 's cell Dick hold the personal against the glass . riddler hmm ... not a very clever code , that 's for sure . a alarm bellow . Dick panic ... dick who place this ad ?! riddler and why would a janitor care to know ? dick can you read the code or can not you ? riddler the coverall fit you a bit tight and bear a softer yellow embroidery in the patch - a subtle distinction from the new uniform , though a adequate disguise nonetheless . dick you can not read the code ... riddler you be left-handed , far-sight , and you accent make it apparent that you be not originally from this city . yet here you be , determine to uncover the truth about gotham 's great champion with a fire in you eye as though you know he personally . 13 . dick you be waste my time ! riddler oh come now , dick grayson , what 's the rush ? a pack of security guard can be hear racing down the adjacent hallway . Dick turn to leave , when ... riddler what be the payout ? dick twelve million . riddler ah ... therein lie you answer . dick I do not understand . riddler look about and sniff around , it 's someone rich within this town . dick no riddle ! riddler for he who spend and pay out million , have himself some extra billion . the door to the hallway open and EIGHT security guard enter , gun out and point . security guard step away from the glass and get down on the ground ! do it now ! 14 , Dick step away from the glass and raise he hand above he head , he back face the guard to keep they from get a look at he face . security guard down on you knee ! Dick do as order . two security officer try to push he to he chest , but Dick counter , disable both man . another guard aim a stun gun -- Dick swipe he leg out from underneath he . the stun gun fire its electrode and clamp onto one of the cell door , set off a array of spark . another officer aim a shotgun , but Dick push it up -- bang - it fracture a overhead pipe , add a downpour to the frenzy . Dick work he way through the guard , one by one , lay they all out . he round the hall , only to see - - more guard arrive in riot gear Dick head back the way he come , grab the shotgun off the floor , empty three round into a wire - mesh window and dive through it . landing ... out on the roof he tumble across the tile and roll over the ledge . luckily , he grab the gutter and keep from take the fatal plunge . he pull himself up on the roof , only to see -- Security guard at the window . they do not waste time with a warning and open fire - bang - bang - bang ! Dick drop back down , only the gutter break and send he swinging into the wall . he fall to the lower roof and roll to the ground . out come the dog - two doberman run full steam . 19 . Dick get up and head for the police bus , the dog snap at he heel . he push through the passenger door and make a quick exit out the driver 's door , trapping the dog in the vehicle . he scale the perimeter fence and throw himself over the barb wire . but he 's not out of it yet . there 's a second fence . he start climb , as -- a security guard step out on a guard tower . he load a sniper rifle and take aim . Dick clear the second fence , when -- bang - a bullet tear through he shoulder and he collapse to the ground . Three police car skid to a stop in front of he . Dick hang he head in defeat . the cop rush in and twist he arm behind he back . before he can muster a scream , the butt of a rifle knock he cold and he memories flash before we ... CUT to : 1 ) nightwing send a batara whirling . it stab into a robber 's arm , force the gun up . above , a woman overlook the alley be kill . her six - year- old son , jason todd , witness it all . 2 ) Jason be bring through the hall of a foster home . unbeknownst to he , Dick watch from a distance . 3 ) to Bruce 's surprise , Dick lead Jason into the batcave . 4 ) Dick train Jason . Bruce watch , unsure . 5 ) the joker level he gun through a doorway and shoot Barbara in the abdomen . 6 ) Gordon arrive at Barbara 's apartment to find she sprawle across the live room floor , blood everywhere . 7 ) nightwing chase the joker into a factory fill with joker doll . batman and a new Robin arrive on the scene . 16 . for a moment , they work as a team - batman , nightwing and Robin - all three fight as one . that be ... until Jason meet with a crowbar - wielding joker . steel crack against bone , spraying blood . and to make matter worse - a bomb tick down the second ... boom - the building collapse . when the smoke settles batman rise from the rubble with Jason in he arm - dead . 8 ) the Robin costume be seal in a glass case and hang in the batcave . 9 ) superman stand at the head of the justice League table , surround by he peer . batman stand opposite he . though we can not hear they conversation , they be have the kind of argument that dissolves friendship . batman walk out . lose he cool , superman throw the table across the room . 10 ) Dick toss he nightwing costume into a roaring fireplace . Barbara wrap she arm around he . she 's confine to a wheelchair . 11 ) bang ! batman be shot in the chest . int . arkham asylum - medic wing Dick awaken , handcuff to the bed , he wound dress . o’ hara enter . o’ hara I have take the liberty of call you wife . she 's already at the station and she 's not all that pleased . dick you stay away from my family . o’ hara it 'il be you who have to stay away . you be go to jail , Dick . this stunt be the last of it . ( more ) mf. o’hara ( cont would ) ( to the guard ) bring he to County and have he book . eight - man surveillance at all time . int . police station - later Dick go through processing , undergo mug shot and finger - print . as a result of the gunshot to he shoulder , he leave arm rest in a sling . once he 's book , he 's lock in a ... jail cell the door echoe as it close . fade to black : the darkness become a black robe belong to a judge . we be in ... int . courtroom - day Dick stand beside a court - appoint defense attorney as the arraignment play out . judge let the record show that the defendant have enter a plea of guilty on all sixteen count pend against he . this court will reconvene three week from today , on May seventh at eleven o'clock , to carry out sentencing . in agreement with the prosecution , bail be set for five million dollar . defense attorney five million dollar ?! you honor this be my client 's first offense - - 18 . judge his first of sixteen offense . bail be set for five million dollar . Court be adjourned . the gavel bang . int . courthouse - hallway - later the defense attorney gather he thing when a man ina wheelchair pull up alongside he . alfred that be five million , be it ? int . grayson house - day Barbara look out the window to see a black sedan pull up to the house . Dick exit the car bethany I can not find my red sweater . barbara I have you green one . let 's go . bethany but I want my red - barbara now . bethany follow in she mother 's lead and exit the house via the side door . in the driveway the two get in the car . 19 . barbara seat belt . bethany buckle in , when - bethany daddy ! bethany undoe she seat belt and roll down she window . barbara put you seat belt back on . bethany why ? barbara put it on . Dick notice the suitcase pile in the back seat . dick barb , wait ... bethany hi daddy . barbara ( to bethany ) I will not tell you again ! bethany buckle in as Barbara put the car in reverse . dick barb , I need you help . I can not do this alone . barbara I will not be a part of it , Dick . not again . she pull away , leave he in the driveway . 80 . int . grayson house - bathroom a mirror swing back into place . Dick have shave he beard . int . batcave Dick slap a red file to the table . it read wayne enterprise , donation . he pour through it , search . his finger come to rest on a company call gotham security . they allot donation : twelve million . alfred master Dick , Mr. Gordon be here , sir . dick any luck on that recording ? alfred . some . the computer have identify the damage , but it may take some time to reconstruct . dick stay on it . alfred of course , sir . and Mr. Gordon ? dick let he in . Dick head to the bat computer and type in '' gotham Securities '' , generate very little information . Gordon enter the cave . have never be down here , he 's a bit overwhelm . gordon my god ... he always call it a cave , but I think he be kid . 81 . dick gotham Securities , ever hear of it ? gordon umm , should I have ? dick no address , no employee . just a offshore account . gordon Dick , I know you do not want to hear this right now , but I think you need to take a deep breath and just ... slow down . Dick be not listen . gordon Dick ... dick Son of a bitch do it right under we nose ... Gordon slam the file to the table . gordon hey . I have go down this road . lose it all ... hell , I think I lose my mind . not a day go by when I do not think of it . my daughter , lie in all that blood ... Gordon shake off the memory . gordon you listen to I . you need to think about Barbara now . think about you marriage - of what this could do to bethany . be it worth lose you family over ? 82 . the phone ring . Alfred answer - a look of panic wash over he . dick what ? alfred he 's escape . flashback to : int . arkham asylum a security guard aim a stun gun -- Dick swipe he leg out from underneath he . the stun gun fire its electrode and clamp onto one of the cell door , set off a array of spark . this be cell # 42 . inside cell # 42 the joker slowly turn , he eye wide . with a resounding clank , the lock retract and the door crack OPEN . back to : int . batcave gordon oh my god . dick Barbara . Gordon pick up a phone and dial out ... 83. ext . parking lot - day Barbara 's cell phone ring , only she 's forget it in the car . she and bethany can be see walk toward a bustling market . int . batcave gordon she 's not answer . Dick rip a cover off the batcycle . he punch the ignition and the engine roar to life . ext . market - day flower vendor , vegetable stand , juggling clown - with so much excitement , Barbara do not notice the one clown make he way toward they . intercut - the batcycle blast to the street and tear down the road . - the clown stalk closer ... - Dick steer through traffic at breakneck speed . - Barbara turn for a split second and - bethany 's go . barbara bethany ? Dick zoom onto the scene and skid to a stop , the tire smoking . the sight of he on the batcycle send a chill through Barbara 's vein . 84 . barbara oh my god ... ( yell over the crowd ) bethany ? ! Barbara weave through the market and spot -- barbara her sweater ! Dick grab it , not expect -- dick ahh ! he recoil , revealing a doll 's head with paint green hair and a elongate smile . jutting from its face be dozen of needle . Barbara cover she mouth in horror , she worst nightmare have come true - the joker have she daughter int . police station - night a xerox machine copy bethany 's picture , add to a stack of leaflet already print . Dick sit with he shirt unbuttone and two doctor check he vital . he 's sweat uncontrollably . dick I need to get out of here . doctor # 1 sit still , Mr. grayson , the police be do everything they can . dick I be tell you , I can find he . bd. doctor # 2 whatever be in that needle be send you heart rate through the roof . a third doctor join they . doctor # 3 the toxicology report say it 's something call bolinium . doctor # 2 never hear of it . be that like a- dick it 's a neurotoxin . Dick stand and button he shirt . doctor # 2 Mr. grayson , please sit down . identify the compound be only the beginning . we need to get you to a icu , start flush you blood , and administer a vaccine . dick you will not find one . not around here . doctor # 1 please , further activity will only speed the toxin through you body faster . dick then I guess I better get go . a heavyset cop , russ dawson , get in Dick 's way . russ get some coffee and have a seat , ' cause you be not go anywhere . 86 . Russ put he hand on he nightstick . Dick wipe the sweat from he eye and contemplate what it 'il take to put Russ down , when Gordon enter the room and pull he aside . gordon I have make call to everybody from the East River to Cathedral Square , nobody 's see or hear nothin’ . if the joker 's still in gotham , he 's go underground . ( see the sweat ) how ya feel ? dick I be fine . gordon you want I to check the harbor ? dick sit tight . Alfred should be call with the information we need . gordon what ? how ? CUT to : int . batcave - same Alfred open a chamber fill with date electronic gadgetry . he pull a radar - scope from the shelf and throw in a new battery . it beep to life and pinpoint the joker 's location . back to : B / int . police station - same gordon ( astonished ) there 's a tracer on the joker ? dick it 's implant , just below he rib cage . gordon when ? dick year ago , after Barbara be shot . Bruce be determine to make sure the joker would never hurt anyone again . with the tracer inside he , the minute he go loose , Bruce be there . Gordon be floor . a tracer implant in the joker ? Barbara exit from a room full of investigator , she face swollen from cry . she lock eye with Dick and approach . slap - she hand come across he face . she try to hit he again but the cop intervene . barbara you bastard ! she go hysterical , cry and scream . it take three man to restrain she . they usher she into another room and close the door . the commotion draw o’hara into the room . Dick lunge at he . he only get a hand on o’hara 's shoulder before a swarm of cop tackle he against the nearest desk 88 . dick you do this ! first batman -- o’ hara get he out of here ! dick and now my daughter ! o’ hara put he somewhere to cool off ! Russ and three other officer drag Dick down the hall . down the hall - jail cell Dick be throw into a cell , the door lock shut . he stare back at the man who put he there , he chest heaving . russ let I get you that coffee . the cop head back the way they come , chat among themselves . cop # 1 you alright ? russ yeah , he clipped I good though . cop # 2 you see that motorcycle of he we impound ? cop # 3 yeah , it 's hard to believe that guy 's Robin . russ I 'il say , he do not put up much of a fight . by . Russ feel he pocket - something 's miss . he race back down the hall and round the corner to see Dick 's jail cell open , he keys in the door . int . police station - roof - night a police helicopter touch down on a landing pad . Dick kick the pilot from he seat and take the control . Gordon , o’hara and a army of cop race out onto the roof and watch as the helicopter take flight . Russ pull he sidearm and open fire -- gordon stop ! Gordon barrel into Russ ; however , not before he get off a clean shot and puncture the fuselage - the chopper now leak gas . gordon what the hell be wrong with you guy ?! o’ hara turn to the nearest officer . o’ hara put out a warrant for Dick grayson 's arrest and get a swat team over to Wayne manor gordon what be you do ? o’ hara ( ignore Gordon ) contact every precinct south of the river and get they pilot airborne . they should have ample time to secure the area and prohibit he from landing . 90 . the officer hurry off to carry out the order . gordon for god 's sake , you be gonna get Dick kill ! o’ hara get he out of here ! gordon oh , I 'il leave ... Gordon unclasp he revolver , hand it to another officer , and whack - punch o’hara . gordon right after I kick you ass ! o’ hara quickly recover , but the other officer intervene . desk sergeant lawrence johnson race out onto the roof . lawrence commissioner ! both Gordon and o’hara turn . gordon / o’hara what ? lawrence the phone 's ringing . o’ hara so take a message ! lawrence no , sir - thee phone . int . police station - o’hara 's office a red rotary phone illuminate in the corner of the room . o’hara answer ... 91 . o’ hara commissioner . ( beat ) who be this ? o’ hara write down a address . o’ hara and you be certain he 's there ? the phone go dead . o’hara hang up and glare at Gordon . o’ hara who the hell be that , Gordon ?! the batman be suppose to be dead ! gordon do he give you a location on the joker ? o’hara pass the address to one of the officer . o’ hara call in a second swat team and send they to this address . gordon what address ?! o’ hara I thought I say , get he out of here ! CUT to : ext . police station - night Gordon be march out of the building . gordon get you hand off I ! 92 . they push he to the pavement and go back inside . he barely have time to collect himself before a throng of police car and swat van exit the building . Gordon jump in he car and follow after they . int . helicopter - same Dick sit at the control , sweat pour off he face , and dial out on he cell ... int . batcave - same Alfred casually sip tea and answer the phone ... alfred Wayne residence . dick ( 0.s. ) Alfred , prepare a antiserum for bolinium , I be come in . alfred right away , sir . but I be afraid you x11 need to take the back entrance . we have quite a few uninvite guest . from a farther vantage we see that Alfred be seat in front of a dozen security monitor , each provide a different angle on the manor - a swat team run from room to room . exterior camera display a army of helicopter and police car surround the estate . they scour every inch of the grounds , police dog sniff . int . helicopter - same dick Way ahead of you , Alfred . I be already on route to the Hall . the only question be ... 93 . ext . night sky - same in the distance , the hall of justice shine like a beacon under the metropolis skyline . dick ( 0.s. ) ... do I still have any friend there ? int . hall of justice - night the flash sit at the League computer , he costume on , save for the mask . he read a comic book and snack on potato chip when a priority alert flash across the screen . flash get a load of this ... aquaman near the screen and read it for himself . aquaman the joker 's get Dick 's daughter flash not that , this - there 's a warrant out for Dick 's arrest . ( snicker ) look like he steal a -- a blip appear on they scope . Dick 's voice crackle over the airwave . dick ( 0.s. ) Zero , gamma , pelican , twelve . repeat , Zero , gamma , pelican twelve ... flash what the hell be that ? 94 aquaman a old distress signal . open the hangar . aquaman grab a headset ... int . helicopter - same Dick near the Hall of justice - two hundred yard up ahead . aquaman ( 0.s. ) we hear you , pelican , you have permission to land . dick Roger that , I be comin’ in . the fuel light come on and the engine sputter . dick Holy shit ... int . hall of justice - same aquaman watch on the monitor as the chopper start to pitch . aquaman something 's wrong . ext . hall of justice - same the chopper drop from the sky . Dick strap on he seat belt as ka-raaaaaaaaash - the helicopter collide with the earth tear up the League 's front courtyard . yo . int . hall of justice - same flash guess we be due for a new fountain . ext . hall of justice - same Dick stumble from the wreck , a wick cut across he leave eye . aquaman open the main door and usher he inside . int . hall of justice - same Dick 's hand twitch uncontrollably , the poison be take its toll . aquaman you do not look so good . dick I need to get back to the cave . do the sled still work ? aquaman you guess be as good as mine . come on . in the blink of a eye , the flash cross the room , obstruct they path . flash what be you do ? aquaman get out of the way , Barry . flash what part of '' warrant for he arrest '' do not you understand ? 96 aquaman step aside . flash you be gonna have to do better than that , old man . aquaman I say , step aside . aquaman angle he stare . flash ha ... save that telepathy crap for the fish . the flash suddenly feel a dizzying sensation . his expression go blank and he step out of the way . aquaman Works on whale too , asshole . int . hall of justice - underground warehouse aquaman and Dick enter the warehouse fill with old batman equipment and approach the sled - a thin , rocket - shape pod rest on a track . aquaman let 's hope there 's power Dick brushes away the cobweb and push a button , but it do not power up . aquaman nothin’ . dick I can run a patch . ( to the batmobile ) Atomic battery to power gs the classic ' 66 batmobile register he voice command and the engine revs to life . Dick pop the hood and run a cable from the motor to the sled console . dick try it again . aquaman flick a switch and the sled hum with power . Dick open the cockpit and shake aquaman 's hand . dick thanks , Arthur . aquaman anytime - whack - a whirl of red catch aquaman in the jaw , knock he cold . wham - Dick be kick to the floor . his assailant be ... flash hey there , Dick . good to see ya . bam - he hit Dick with another lightning - fast punch . dick Barry ... my daughter ... flash well , you should have think about she before you get yourself mix up in all this . he deliver six more punch that leave Dick gasp for air . his body start to twitch , the poison take effect . dick do not ... make I ... hurt you . krack - the flash wallop he again . 98 . flash there it be , that attitude . Dick crawl toward the pod , he nose bleed . flash Bruce have the same thing ... always make I want to set the record straight - show you what it mean to have real power . Dick try to fight back , but he 's no match . the flash pummel he to the ground . flash so much for that attitude , eh Dick ? what 's the matter ? nothin ' else to say ? what the flash do not realize be -- Dick have lead he around to the tail of the batmobile . through swollen lip , he utter ... dick turbine to speed . the batmobile 's engine ignites , engulf the flash in flame . flash ahhhhhhhh ! Dick grab a nearby tarp and help smother the flame . the flash will live ; however , he will be move a lot slower Dick climb into the pod , he body convulse . he close the cockpit and , with the push of the button , send the pod whizzing down the track . yy . int . joker 's hideaway - night mold and break window make up this one-story house . the joker exit the bathroom , clutching he abdomen , he stark white hand cover in blood . bethany look petrify . joker there , there , do not be frighten , the fun 's just get start . he look out the window to see a line of police car and swat van converge on the house . gordon park alongside they . the swat team prepare they assault and move in . they kick down the front door and -- be greet by a fifty - caliber machine gun . rat-a-tat -tat - tat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat ! it tear they to shred . joker hoooooo0o0 ha ha ha ! the joker smile from ear to ear and pull back on a wooden lever . as a result , missile fold out from the roof . they automatically lock onto target and fire , obliterate every police vehicle in sight . Gordon run for cover . int . batcave - same the sled come zipping into the cave . Dick lie without move , he skin white , he lip blue . Alfred unlock the canopy and inject the antiserum into Dick 's neck . his eye spring to life . alfred welcome back , sir . CUT to : 100 . batcave - minute later the case enshrine the Robin uniform shatter against the floor . Dick grab the utility belt . his cell phone ring . he answer , only to hear -- gordon ( 0.s. ) there 's no get inside ! intercut with : ext . joker 's hideaway - same sprinkler lift from the lawn and woooooooosh - spray FIRE in every direction . gordon the whole place be rig ! back to : int . batcave - same Dick unlock a chamber fill with batman attire - boot glove , cape , etc . dick Jim , listen to I ... gordon ( 0.s. ) that insane son of a bitch . he 's laugh at we right now . dick Jim ! it be all o’hara 's plan ... CUT to : 101 . ext . rooftop - night o'hara step from the shadow , he gun draw and point at the joker . back to : int . batcave - same Dick strap on a pair of batman 's thickest boot . dick o’hara hire selina to free the joker . Bruce take the bait and when he 's not expect it ... CUT to : ext . rooftop - night batman arrive on the scene . he near o’hara , who suddenly turn , and - bang - the barrel go off a inch from batman 's chest . back to : ext . joker 's hideaway - same gordon what 's he motive ? dick ( 0.s. ) he 's be second in command he whole career . even with you retirement , if it 's power he 's after , then batman have to die . gordon do you have any proof ? 102 . int . batcave - same dick gotham Securities , a dummy corporation set up to receive money from the Wayne Foundation . the same money o’hara use to hire selina . link o’hara to gotham Securities ... Dick type on a keypad and a platform raise one batmobile above the other . dick ... and we catch we killer ext . wayne manor - night policeman confer outside on the lawn . cop # 1 there 's nothing in there but a lot of expensive rug and fancy painting . the man be suddenly catch in the light of a oncoming vehicle . too bad for they , this be no car ... a secret passage give way to a ferocious tank . the beast , as it 's appropriately call , trample everything in its path and take to the street . two police helicopter give chase . helicopter pilot we have get he . move south by southeast towards gotham Harbor . the pilot be not prepare for the Beast to drive off the pier and vanish beneath the gotham River 103 . underwater fully suite in a mix of old and new armor , robin steer the Beast along the bottom of the riverbed . ext . joker 's hideaway - night the mayhem continue as grenade roll out of the mailbox . gordon get back ! boom - body and metal be throw every which way , when -- the beast roar onto the scene . it plow over the joker 's defense and slam into the porch . Robin spring from the vehicle and dive into the window . inside the joker 's hideaway he roll to he foot . however , before he can take a single step , the floor give way , drop he into -- the basement wick trap line the hall . Robin make he way through a sinister maze , dodging dart and ducking axe . the trap keep come , include blow torch , bullet and a twelve- ton EIGHT ball that come roll toward he . Robin survive it all and end up fall into a-- water tank the lid to the tank seal shut , imprison Robin in a underwater tomb . the enclosure 's make of solid steel , with no other point of entry . Robin 's only hope ... 104 . the electronic gizmo . he pull it off he belt and activate the trigger . outside the water tank the metal tank tear down the middle , spilling thousand of gallon of water into the basement , and Robin along with it . he 's a mess , but at least he 's still breathe . however , panic set in at the sight of -- the trace implant in the joker now sit on the floor . a message , paint in blood , be scrawle across the wall , it read , '' for one night only ! the amazing grayson take flight ! let 's hope this baby bird can fly ! ha ha ha ! '' Robin know exactly what it mean . he race outside ... ext . joker 's hideaway - same he bound across a overturn swat van and flip onto a lamp post . perched above the street , he spot a circus tent loom in the distance . ext . circus - parking lot the joker steer he white ' 73 cadillac into a park car , generate a hearty laugh . joker ( sing ) the wheel on the bus go ' round and ' round ... he grab bethany by the hair and drag she toward the tent . ext . CITY street - same the Beast skid around a corner at a alarming speed . 105 . inside the beast Robin drop it into high gear and floor the gas , when the roof peel back , revealing wonder woman . she yank Robin from the vehicle and throw he to the asphalt . out on the STREET Robin try to get away , but be ensnare by a glowing lasso . its pulsate hum overwhelm he nervous system , paralyze he muscle . wonder woman do not fight it , it 'il only hurt more . she yank he by the collar and march down the street , he foot dangle in the air . robin diana , please . the joker ... have ... my daughter . wonder woman and I ’1l1 do everything in my power to get she back , right after I turn you over to the authority . robin there be not time . you have to ... let I go ... wonder woman I be sorry , Dick , but you have cross the line . right now , you be no better than the rest of they . powwwwwwwwwwwww www - the Beast plow into she , knock the tiara off she head . 106 . freed of she lasso , Robin look to the Beast , surprised to see catwoman at the helm . she bulldoze wonder woman into a building , knock the amazon cold . catwoman Republican bitch . catwoman hop to the street and help Robin to he foot . catwoman you can thank I later . a hand come from out of nowhere and grab catwoman by the neck . it 's superman . he bang she head against a block of cement and drop she to the sidewalk . his eye shift to Robin . superman easy , boy . robin stay out of this , Clark ! superman you be come with I . Robin muster all he strength and lay into superman with a right hook . we hear bone SNAP . superman all that optimism just cost you you wrist . out come the batarang . Robin hurl four , one right after another . superman catch the first three and let the fourth one continue past . superman be we do play ? robin just about . 1u /. the fourth batara cut through a electrical cable and send the wire swinging down . it strike superman - erupting spark and force he to he knee . when the firework subside , the power 's go out across five city block and superman lie in the street , smolder . Robin head for the Beast . only ... superman recover . he slam he fist into the cement crack it like porcelain . the crevice zigzag up the pavement , cave in the street and drop the Beast into a gape fissure . Robin roll to safety and try to get away , however - - superman grab hold of he . his finger curl around the emblem on Robin 's vest , a grip no earthly power could pry free of , when -- whaaaaaaaaaack ! a ghostly , GREEN wrecking ball wallop into superman , tear the '' R '' clean off Robin 's vest and send the man of steel into the nearest building . GREEN lantern have arrive . he eye Robin as he walk past he . like a lone sheriff in a old western , he march across the street , ready for a showdown . Gordon squeeze through the crowd and hurry over to Robin . robin the circus ... he 's take she to the circus ... superman lift from the rubble . robin go! Gordon head off down the street as the two titan come face to face . GREEN lantern I see I get you attention . 108 . superman and ? GREEN lantern and the joker 's get Dick 's daughter ! superman do you know how many daughter be die around the world right now ? you do not seem too concerned about they . or be that just my job ? GREEN lantern I understand you frustration and I be sorry if you ever feel like you have to go it alone ... superman push Green lantern aside , when - zummp - a GREEN cage envelope he . GREEN lantern ... but either you get you priority in line , or I line they up for you . superman grab hold of the bar and bend they with ease . superman cute . GREEN lantern you do not want to do this . Green lantern 's ring shimmer , spawn a GREEN cannon , the barrel aim straight down at superman . superman most day , I do not want to do any of it ... zip - superman be instantly behind he , lock Green lantern in a choke hold . 109 . superman ... but I still do it . in a panic , Green lantern triggers the cannon - boom ! it miss superman but tear through the street . the force of the blast knock they both through a cement pillar shatter the foundation of a twenty - story building . despite the damage , superman maintain he grip around Green lantern 's throat . when -- whaaaaaaaaaaaaam ! =a gargantuan GREEN sledgehammer slam into superman , drive he beneath the pavement . GREEN lantern go ! Robin push up to he foot and commandeer a horse from a city policeman . robin can not ride a horse , eh ... he jump into the saddle . with a swift kick , the steed spring into a all - out sprint . Robin ride the horse through the bustling city - scape , leave behind ... superman , who punch up through the street . there 's a unsettle look in he eye as he wipe the asphalt from he lip . however , before he can give chase -- a massive GREEN snake wrap around he wrist . as more of it come into view , we discover ... this be no snake . it 's a colossal GREEN elephant - a fearsome creation of Green lantern 's ring . pedestrian scurry for cover as the elephant 's trunk tighten around superman 's arm and wield he like a mace , flatten car as if they be make of tin . int . circus - same the joker step into the center of the ring . he drag bethany behind he , disrupt the show . joker ( to bethany ) oh , how you father just love this place ! the joker head for the trapeze , as ... Gordon enter the tent . he scan the crowd and spot the joker drag bethany to the top of trapeze . gordon oh my god . at the top of the trapeze the joker shoot a acrobat at the top of the platform and send he fall . the audience panic . Gordon climb the spiraling stairwell . before he can reach the platform , the joker give the high bar a push and grab bethany by the back of she shirt . joker on three ! one - two - six - eight - ha ha ha ! three ! Gordon do not make it to the platform in time . gordon noooo00 ! the joker hurl bethany toward the high bar . her finger outstretch - - but do not grab hold . luckily , a bat cable wind around she leg . the other end of the cable ensnare the high bar and send she rock back and forth high above the circus floor . the joker look down to see -- robin mid-way up the spiraling staircase . he rip off he mask and call to he daughter robin hang on ! joker that 's not funny ! the joker lean over the platform and open fire . bang - Robin take a bullet in the thigh . bang - he take another in the arm . gordon no ! Gordon tackle the joker . they wrestle for the gun -- bang ! the gun go off , shatter the high bar . the two halve of the bar swing out wildly , cause the bat cable to unravel , bethany mere second away from fall to she death . craze , Gordon tighten he grip around the joker 's throat . gordon that bullet be mean for you ! that bullet be meant for you ! Robin 's face go white as he make the realization ... int . batcave Alfred make a adjustment to the micro - processor and the bat computer commence playback . flashbacks follow ... ext . rooftop - night it 's not Chief o’hara , but rather -- gordon who step out of the shadow and aim he gun at a unsuspecting joker . to he disappointment - - batman swing onto the scene . before he cape can even settle , he heel meet with the joker 's chin . the force of the blow knock the joker into a skylight . he shatter the glass and fall twenty foot to the floor below . Gordon hurry to the skylight and see the joker lie face down in a pile of debris , he leg break at the knee . oblivious to the threat loom over he , the joker cackle like a wounded hyena . joker ha ha ha ... again , Gordon raise he gun . batman put down the gun . gordon this have to end ! batman and it will . just give I the gun . gordon no ! he will just escape again ! and when he do , more family will be make to suffer ! image of barbara lying in a mess of blood flash through Gordon 's mind . gordon he need to pay for all the blood he 's spill ! for all the pain he 's cause ! a church bell strike the hour . batman he ’1l1 pay , but not like that . gordon he need to die ... he need to die ! batman Jim ... tear cascade down Gordon 's face and he lower the gun . gordon I ... I ... batman reach for the gun , when -- a vision of barbara lying in a pool of blood flash through Gordon 's mind . he tense ... bang ! both Gordon and batman be equally horrify . batman slip backwards and fall off the roof . Gordon watch from the ledge as batman hit the pavement , nearly crush a homeless man beneath he . Gordon pull back from the ledge , so not to be see . a surge of fear and anger sweep over he and he hurry to the skylight , only to discover -- the joker be go . siren can be hear in the distance . CUT to : int . gordon 's house the sink faucet turn on . upon closer look , Gordon be not do the dish when he get the call about batman 's death - he be wash the blood from he hand . CUT to : int . bank Dick spot Gordon manage he check book - at a closer look the top of the check read : gotham security . back to : int . circus Robin and Gordon lock eye . gordon it be a accident . you have to believe I ... a accident ! the joker muscle the gun against Gordon 's chest -- bang ! Gordon pull away from the joker , a circle of red widen across he shirt . his eye beg for forgiveness as he step off the platform and reach for bethany . SNAP ! her cable give way -- Gordon dive after she , the ground quickly make its way toward they . he catch she and pivot to he back absorb the impact . joker ha ha ! two for the price of one ! Gordon and bethany lie without move . robin no ! joker oh yes ! and it 's time you joined they ! the joker aim he gun at Robin 's face when -- a bat -shaped figure swoops down and knock the joker off he foot . no , it 's not batman ... it 's batgirl . Barbara 's dress in the uniform , she hair spilling out the back . she proceed to beat the joker senseless . before she 's through , she grab he by the collar and lean he over the platform . lucky for he , bethany lift she head - she survive the fall . batgirl opt for cuffing the joker to the railing and rappel to the floor . she rip off she mask and engulf bethany in a hug . barbara bethany ... despite he wound , Robin breathes a sigh of relief , when ... superman drive GREEN lantern through the tent and into the ground . the trapeze support rupture , send Robin and the platform to the floor the chaos of it all send the joker into a laugh craze . joker hahahahahahahahahahahahaha ! he roar in delirium , that be , until a trapeze wire snap loose and -- shlunk - sever he head from he neck when the dust settles , Green lantern lie unconscious . superman prove the victor , though he do not look it . 116 . bruise pock he face and nothing be leave of he cape . in he hand he hold Green lantern 's ring , which he throw to the dirt and step toward Robin . beaten beyond all measure , Robin lie on the ground , incapable of move . Barbara come to he defense ; however , superman slap she to the floor . bethany no ! bethany get between she father and superman . bethany please ! stop ! pleeeeease ... superman push past she and grab Robin by the throat . he lift he off he foot , he eye gleam red , when -- bethany wrap she arm around superman 's leg and let out a bloodcurdle scream ... bethany somebody heeeeeeeeeeeeeelp ! her voice echoe throughout the tent and awaken superman from he frenzied state . his eye return to they blue luster before welling up with tear . what 's leave of the crowd watch in silence as superman set Robin on the floor and slump down beside he . the two man sit without speak . dissolve to : ext . cemetery - day in the shadow of batman 's monument sit a conservative headstone . it bear the name jame gordon . Dick replace the wilted flower with a fresh bundle and stand alone at the grave , he wound nearly heal . he nod respectfully and head for he car . int . grayson house - day Dick pull into the driveway and park . he walk up the stoop ; however , before he have the chance to open the front door , a car pull up to the curb . smiling in the backseat be ... bethany daddy ! bethany race out of the car and tackle he with a hug . bethany I miss you . dick I miss you too . bethany and mommy ? Dick look to the car and see Barbara stand beside it . they stare speak volume . dick and mommy . bethany do that mean we can come back home ? dick I do not know ... I move someone else into you room . bethany you what ?! dick maybe the two of you can share it ... bethany share it ?! with who ?! Dick open the front door , give way to a puppy . it race over to bethany and lick she face wildly . int . grayson house - later that night Barbara and Dick clean up after supper while bethany play with the dog on the live room floor , the tv glow in the background . barbara I almost forget how well you cook . Barbara go in for a slow kiss . barbara mmmmm ... spicy . bethany ( 0.s. ) daddy , look ! I make he roll over ! Dick exit the kitchen and give bethany a audience . dick let I see ... bethany try to command the puppy while she father watch , when something on the tv catch he eye . it 's a emergency news bulletin . the reporter run for cover as a gray beast of a man tear apart the city . his abnormally large fist pummel car and buckle the pavement . beneath a open-face helmet , he red eye emit a pulsate laser that lay waste to everything catch in its fury . this be darkseid , a alien invader hellbent on destruction . superman attempt to restrain he , but fail . Dick watch from the comfort of he live room as darkseid bare down on superman and -- click . Barbara shut off the tv with the remote . Dick look at she , he eye wide , he blood pump through he vein . she stare back at he , she head title as if to say , '' I think we settle this ? '' oblivious , bethany chime in ... bethany ( regard the dog ) he do it ! do you see it , dad ? dick umm ... bethany do you see he roll over ?! Dick exhales a cleanse breath and sit down on the couch . dick show I again , honey . bethany attempt to train the dog while she father watch . he offer a few suggestion , he attention focuss as best he can , when Barbara lean closer and whisper in he ear ... barbara what be you wait for ? Dick look at she , in shock . barbara he 's gonna need you help . CUT to : ext . CITY - night superman and darkseid tangle like a pair of feud god , reduce the city to ash . 120 . thing go from bad to worse when GREEN lantern and wonder woman join the fight and be quickly subdued . darkseid appear unstoppable . he envelope superman in a laser blast that sear off he trademark curl and bring he to he knee . superman scream in pain , the laser overpower he sense , when -- ka-whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam ! = the batmobile barrel into darkseid . the awe -inspire car screech to a stop and a hatch swing open . Dick step out of the driver seat , only he 's not dress as Robin ... he be now the new batman . superman he 's too strong , Dick . get clear or you be gonna get yourself kill . batman I do not know what you be talk about . I be just out for a drive . superman this be no time for joke . get out of here . batman Fine . I guess you do not need to know he weakness . batman turn to leave . superman what weakness ?! darkseid get to he foot , knock over a pair of fire truck in the process . 121 . batman no , no , you have get this . you be right , he 's strong . keen detective work there ... superman all right ! batman stop and glare over he shoulder superman we work together . batman let the word hang in the air before turn back around and step up to superman . batman together . darkseid roar with the force of a thousand lion as we two heroes ready for a fight . the end