rf '' bb of co ep Tet fte of le oo oem edward neumeier michael miner FOURTH draft 10 JUNE 1986 '' 4 exec producer + jon davidson producer +» arne scheidt director + peul verhoeven for educational purpose only detroit ees the future New Technologies have leave Detroit ooehind . in the wake of this change economy have come poverty , mbocial decay and crime . this be a story about a cop name Murphy . it oe ] rev , 8/4/86 ext detroit skyline -- night -- go down fast past four monolithic skyscraper that rise above this crumble industrial city , down into : the dark street of old detroit -- a turbocruiser ( stubby police car build over twin turbine ) roll througn the bad part of town at 3 a.m . now the back - up car appear , two biock behind the lead car . spotlight play across alley , storefront , a crumble mooncorp billboard that promise : 8.68 tax credit on 20 year family contract ! int back - up turbocruiser -—- unit 217 two cop , frederickson and connor , monitor a impressive array of electronics . readouts pump cop information . this guy be dress for heavy urban crime : pad body suit , high - impact plastic chest armor , sleek helmet . up ahead , the lead car 's brake light flare . ext gute store front —- a shadow move along @ wali . this cop work together every night . cop talk ( vo , comlink ) gotta rabbit run East on Hoover ... so check it out ... Roger , chickenshit , sir , over ... relax , pal , we get you on the grid ... the lead car take off , turn a corner . int turbocruiser 217 -- connor watch the point car turn the corner on he center position Hunter map . the car appear as glaw red dot on @ move city grid . frederickson drive . frederickson see anything , alcott ? alcott ( vo , comlink ) yeah ... it 's a woman ... ee conner look at frederickson . int lead turbocruiser -- unit 143 alcott and duffy be share a private joke . duffy choke back laughter . 10 11 12 alcott Jesus , pinch I duffy . be I crazy or be she stark rave naked ? duffy she 's hold a sign ... uh ... it say ... '' free blow Jobs . " int turbocruiser 217 frederickson and connor be skeptical now . alcott ( comlink ) oh my God ! frederickson , it 's ... it 's you wife ! alcott and duffy 's laughter come over the comlink . connor giggle and frederickson roll he eye . the laughter stop abrubtly in a shout of terrible surprise and a rush of static . on the compumap -—- the red dot that be unit 143 burst suddenly , cover the screen and fill the cockpit with red light ~~ connor look at frederickson . frederickson hit the gas . ext street -- turbocruiser 217 blast around the corner , light blaze and siren yelping , and then come to a sudden stop . int turbocrusier 217 frederickson and connor be frighten by what they see . connor unsnap the riot gun from the dash . up ahead turbocruiser 143 burn and belch black smoke . the armored body of duffy and alcott spill into the street . frederickson unit 217 request back - up and medivac ... officer down ... dispatcher ( comlink ) unit 217 all available unit present — ly engage ... proceed as priaary contact unit ... medivac request acknow - ledge . 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 connor scowl , piss , and hit the door . connor come on ... 1°11 cover you . ext turbocruiser 143 — — the cop get out of the car . frederickson head for the burn car . connor move to the middle of the street , turn in slow circle , check doorway and window and rooftop with the bayonet - mount flashlight on he riot gun . FIRE reflect in frederickson 's visor as he lean down close to duffy . it 's clear now that duffy be a woman . connor duffy ? frederickson Dead . frederickson move quickly to alcott he 's still alive but in convulsive shock , shot through the chest . he 's not go to make it . connor move in tighter circle , faster , get nervous . connor come on , man . let 's get the hell out of here . ka - chunk ! connor pivot , leveling he riot gun . a five shotgun barrage cut he down . frederickson come up shoot . muzzle flash illuminate dark shape that close in on hia . he 's hit in the leg but he stumble to the turbocruiser and drag himself inside . int turbocruiser 217 -- frederickson fire the turbine as he close the door . monitor and readout 's respond . he slaas into drive and look up . ht rod 20 hy a rev . 8/4/86 the windshield explode into shard . ext STREET ~- follow exfensive black boot that walk past connor 's body , past a gangmember , emil , who shake a spray paint can , past another gangmember , leon , who put a gun to alcott 's nead and stop he convulsion . clarence boddicker walk past the smolder wreckage of turbocruiser 143 . he 's a tough guy with glass ; very smart , very mean . int turbocruiser 217 -- clarence leans in frederickson be space sut , blink . clarence smile . he have charm , clarence how ya feelin’ ? frederickson turn slowly to look at clarence . the right half of he face be badly damage . clarence go back and give you cop friend @ message : stay out of Old Detroit . clarence shove the car into drive with the muzzle of he autoload . frederickson struggle to steer . the car move away slowly , drunkenly , leave behind clarence and he gang clarence shoulder he autoload . emil , the youngest , spray huge number on dead cop ... 29...30...31 . joe snap he finger and steve light a camel . bobby pick wee up connor 's riot gun and toss it to dougie . a&a police car burn behind they . int turbocruiser 717 frederickson be terrify . he 's die and he know it . frederickson Officer need assistance ... sector gk2 ... officer need assistance in Old Detroit ... aw ... Jesus ... I be fuck up ... fade to black 29 rev . 8/4/86 media break High energy news music over slick montage of modern Detroit feature the cheerful face of co- anchor jess perkin and casey wong . the hyper , up - beat narrator say , '' this be mediabreak . you give we three minute and we will give you the world ! " jess ferkins & casey wong jess , 32 , be cool blond , very poise , and all business . casey , 38 , eurasian , suit and tie , flat - top haircut and lot of tooth stare straight at we with a fix look of concern . casey good morning . I be casey Wong with jess Perkins and this be today 's top storey . pretoria . the threat of nuclear confrentation in South Africa escallate today when the white military government of that besiege city state unveil a french - make neutron bomb and affirm its willingness to use the 3 megaton device as the city 's last line of defense . ron miller' angry face he 's mobbed by reforter as he leave he office at City Hall . two aide follow carry box . jess ( o.s. ) ron Miller call it quit today , relinguish he City Council seat after be deny a recount in one of the close election in this city 's history . tight gn casey wong understate concern , just the fact . behind he , mini - eee cam footage of last night 's massacre in Old Detroit . Three cap qoraphics mark out by large red X 's . casey the police death toll in o1d Detroit rise to 31 today when three officer be kill and one critically in - jure in a exchange of gunfire just before dawn . jess ? jess ferkins smile in reference to a live action clip frame behind 31 32 33 34 she . Three dome kide pound out digital r&b on sleek guitar and keyboard . behind they the lunar sea shine through thick glass window ... the camera work be amateur . jess and , or course , there 's the story of the enterprise lunar teens who start they own tv station . casey uh-oh , sound like competition ... ( chuckle ) we will be back . commercial 1 the curve of a woman become the curve of acar . " it 's back ... " we be move around a enormous sleek sedan . dual exhaust , mirror paint . '' Big be back ! '' the woman 's reflection walk through the line of the car and as we follow she around the front of the car we be suddenly suck into the giant shark maw air intake . '' " and it 's get turbine power ! '' in the roar of blue flame , she animated lip beckon . '' 6000 bux . a american tradition . " commercial 2 a smarmy doctor show we around he high - tech clinic : '' be it time for that big operation ? this may be the most important decision of you life . come down and talk to one of we qualified surgeon at the House of heart . we have a complete line of jarvic and limited supplies of the new jenson sportshart . thr : ear warranty , complete financing , qualify for a health tax credit . remember , we care ! " casey wong serious now , in depth . casey Three dead police officer , one critically injure . Police Union leader blame omniconsuser product , the firm which recently enter into @ contract with the city to fund and run the Detroit Metropolitan Police Department . Dick Jones , division President , omnicon : dick jone behind he desk 55 , handsome , a sleek silver fox , very confident . with uw & rev . 8/4/86 jone every policeman know the risk he face in the field . ask a cop , and he will tell you . if you can not stand the heat , better get out of the kitchen . video break up : ext old detroit precinct ~- day —~ following a man with a athletic bag as he walk past bullet riddled turbocruisers where cof unload mangey suspect from a ftv ( frisoner Transport vehical ) . he use a card key to open a door mark police qnly . tee int precinct -~ book desk chaos lot of cop stand at book terminal . wound cop # #e and suspect alike , family , lawyer and bail bondsman crowd the guy in charge , sergeant reed ( 50 , very gruff , build like a tank ) . slimey lawyer attempt murder ? it 's not like he kill someone . this be clearly a violation of my client 's civil rights . bail bondsman make it aggravate asssault and I can make bail ... in cash ... now ... : reed listen , pal , you client 's a scumbag , you be a scumbag , and scumbag talk to the judge on Monday morning . now get outa my police station and take laugh boy here with you . 37 the man -~ murphy 3 3 pushes he way through the crowded room and step up to reed 's bench and drop he badge in front of reed . murphy I '' Murphy . transferring in from Metro South ... reed Nice precinct . we work for a live gown here , Murphy . get you armor and suit up . int precinct ~- locker room -- moving past lot of loose locker door slamm as cop cf both 7 39 rev . 8/4/86 sex change in and out of uniform . Three wall - mount tv 's pump out information . this precinct be build in the late 70 , and it 's fall apart now . starkweather , nearly naked but wear he helmet , monitor the department comlink . chessman any word about frederickson ? starkweather they be still list he as critical . manson his wife must be go out of she mind . he move to murfhy 's locker Murphy suit up , climb into a standard issue pad body suit with two patch on each shoulder : dpd and ocr. manson so , uh , what bring you to this little paradise ? murphy he you get I , man . ocp 's mave a lot of guy around the department . kaplan ( be : ocf patch ) ominiconsumer product ... with whatta buncha moron . they be gonna manage this department right into the ground . starkweather they cut ten guy loose over on the ~ East side . ramierez try to get back - up when you be in a jam . chessman try to find a medivac after you nve be jamme . 40 sergeant reed and a clerk with a box enter and head toward frederickson 's locker . everyone notice except Kaplan . 41 rev . 8/4/86 kaplan I 'il tell you what we should do . we should strike . fuck ‘em ! Kaplan shut up as reed shoulder past he to frederickson 's locker . he slide nameplate off and toss it in the box . now he open it and the clerk begin to clean it out . reed ( sigh ) the funeral will be tomorrow . the department ask all officer not on duty to attend . donation for he family may be give to cecil ... as usual . cecil the clerk look up from he box and squint at all the angry cop . reed turn to Kaplan , qlare , then move on . reed and I do not wanna hear anymore of this strike talk . we be not plumber . we be police officer . and police officer do not strike . ( then , as he leave ) Murphy . Front and center . murphy holster he 9 mm service automatic , sling he helmet and slam he locker door . int precinct -- book desk -- a dusthead go berzerk suddenly . a little cop , lewis , grab he . the prisoner lash out with manacle hand . Lewis go down hard , get back up , and systematically beat the hell out of the guy . reed Lewis , com ’ere when you be do fuck with you suspect . the prisoner drop to the ground , unconscious . Lewis head for the book desk . reed climb into he elevate chair . below he , Murphy stand . reed this guy 's gonna be you new partner . 9 44 46 47 48 49 ? Murphy meet Lewis . show he the neighborhood . lewis pull off she helmet . she 's get a strong . pretty face . her eye be very clear . she shake Murphy 's hand . lewis glad to know you , Murphy . int police parking garage -- cop jump into they turbocruisers and fire twin turbine . Lewis -- chew gum , all business —- lead the way to they car . she open the door . lewis I better drive until you know you Way around ... murphy I always drive when I be break ina meew partner ... he get in , smile big as he pull the door shut , and fire the engine . Lewis walk to the other side of the car , scowling . Murphy hit the gas . int turbocruiser -- speed toward two turbocrusier that idle at the mouth of the exit ramp , cop from the might shift swapping war storey with cop from the day shift . Murphy accelerate , blast between the two car and up the ramp . he look over at Lewis to see how she 's take it . she blow a bubble and break it . ext frecinct -- the turbocruiser leap into the street and race away from eee the gleaming CITY skyline -— the ocp tower rise 151 glass and steel storey above the city . this be the corporate headquarters of omniconsumer product . int cmi tower -—- glass elevator muzak : Young professional overture . meet three young executive as the step into the elevator : morton , 28 , a hyper , agressive snerd ; johnson , 43 , black , glass , a middle management lifer ; and kinney , 26 , try hard but ultimately the wrong man in the wrong place . the door nearly snap shut on kinney as he get in . he grin . 10 kinney you really think the Old man 's go to be there ? why would they invite we ? johnson all the division head be bring they support team . it 's big . I figure they be greenlight Delta City . morton {really bum ) 4re you kid ? they never do anything ahead of schedule . it 's Jones . he 's get the 209 series online and now he want to show off . johnson goh , that 's a tough break , Bob . kinney what ? int ocf tower -- display lobby the elevator door open and the three executive walk fast down the hall , join other executive on they way to the big meeting . picture on the wall show the hhh many and varied division and subsidiary of eee omniconsumer product : Travel concept , Community concept , entertainment concept , Security concept ... the product and degree of specialization be endless . Johnson lower he vaice now because there be other people around . johnson ( explain for kinney ? when ed 209 run into serious delay and cost overrun , the Old man order a backup plan -— probably just to light a fire under Jones 's ass . Old bot here get the assign - ment but mo one in Security concept take it seriously . unfortunately , Bob do . morton it 's a better plan ! Fucking Jones . I would go straight the the Old man if I could . johnson do not mess with Jones , man . he ' 11l make sushi out of you . it a hy rev , 8/4/86 kinney ee yeah , better be careful ... I hear he 's a real shark ! they reach the big double door mark boardroom . Morton hold the door ang take it all out on kinney . morton who the fuck ask you , twerp ? johnson ( hiss ) Bob / int ocf tower -- boardroom Morton , Johnson and kinney take seat along the wall . the long boardroom table be reserve for brass . above the table a rack of monitor broadcast the cmi logo silently . dominate the table be a delicate model city of bridge , spire and garden . if it be real , you would want to go there . at the head of the table the old man ( a corporate king , benevolent now because he 's unapproachable ) and Dick Jones confer quietly . old man well , that give we some time ... what about this police thing ? what seem to be the problem ? jone eh the Union 's be bitching ever since we take over ... now they have a media issue , and they be throw they weight around ... you know , the usual crap . I be confident we all turn thing around in the next phase of the takeover . old man ere mmmm. good . very good . ( to the room ) ok , let an get start : I have have a dream for more than a decade now , and I have ask you all to share it with I . in six month we begin construction of Delta City ( he wave toward the model ) where Old Detroit now stand . I grow up in qld Detroit ... as a child I play in its street ... that same street have become a breeding ground 12 rev . 8/4/86 for crime and social decay . before we employ the 2 million worker that will breathe life into this city again we must pacify Old Detroit . ( pause for effect ) although shift in the tax structure have create a economy ideal for corperate growth , community service , in this case Law enforcement , have suffer , I think it 's time we give something back . Dick ? ss jone . as he stand , the monitor above he roll a slick HH montage . jone take a close look at the track record of this company , and you will ) see that we have gamble in market traditionally regard as '' non — profit '' ... hospital ... prison ... Space exploration ... ( he turn on the charisma ) I say good business be where you find it ! as you know , we have enter into a contract with the city to run local law enforcement . but at Security concept we believe a effi- cient police force be only part of the solution ... the information on the monitor above he suggest a corporation with the scope and influence of a emerge western nation . Jones be put on a good show . jone +»eno , we need something more . we need a twenty - four a day police officer . a cop who do not need to eat or sleep . a cop with superior firepower and the reflex to use it . he pause at the boardroom 's huge double door . jone ae fellow executive , it give I great pleasure to introduce you to the future of law enforcement ... ed 209 . 34 the door open on ed 209 , a robdctic , seven~foot headless hunchback eevee wes ou with arm that end in cannon muzzle . executive '' poh " and " ahh " this fancy piece of technology . Morton can hardly contain he disgust . the robot step into the room flanke by a scientist , dr . macnamara and several technician with a roll test cart . jone the enforcement droid , Series 209 , be a self - sufficient urban law . enforcement robot . 209 be currently programmed for urban pacification , but that 's only the beginning . after @ successful tour of duty in Old Detroit , we can expect 209 to become the hot military product for the next decade . Dr. macnamara ? macnamara mod to the technician who huddle briefly over the test cart , " giq ?... 10 over ... ok ?... aok ? , '' and break to make final adjustment . 209 flexe it 's robotic limb , assume control . dr . macnamara we will need a arrest subject . jone ( scan the room ) Mr. kinney , would you come up here and give we a hand ? kinney ( ever eager ) yes , sir ! Jones open a sleek black case . Inside be a chrome sc-257 Magnum . kinney take the gun , examine it ee and look at ed 209 . he 's have second thought and Jones make the most of it . jone Mr. kinney will help we simulate a typical arrest and disarming proceedure . Mr. kinney , use you gun in a threaten manner . Point it at ed 209 . kinney draw a tentative bead on ed 209 . the robot react with surprising speed , pivote to face the threat . ed 209 ( a soothing , mechanical voice ) please put down you weapon . you have twenty second to comply . you 14 a a rev , 8/4/86 Civil rights be currently in effect . you now have fifteen second to comply . kinney be ready the piss he pant . several executive include Jones chuckle at he discomfort . jone I think you better do what he say , Mr. kinney . kinney drop the gun and it thump into deep pile carpet . ed 209 if you can not afford a attorney one will be appoint for you . macnamara share a anxious look with he head technician . they both head for the test cart . ed 209 you now have five second to comply . suddenly , a burst of spark and a sharp pop emanate eee from ed 209 's shoulder joint . Jones be suddenly concerned . Morton notice . something be very wrong here . kinney try to get out of the way . ed 209 thre «two ... one of ed 209 °s deadly arm cock into fire position and sweep the room , tracking kinney 's awkward retreat . executive gasp and duck . ed 209 --- one . you be in direct violation of penal code 1 - 13 , section 9 . I be now authorize to use necessary physical force . ite ed 209 fire a extend burst , catapult kinney across the boardroom table where he land on the fragile model of Delta City and reduce it to rubble . pandemonium technician scramble to shut ed 209 down . he turn on they , issue warning . someone 's on the phone , scream , '' hello , Medical concept , get a paramedic team to the 1 sist floor right now ! " . executive shriek . blood run in the tiny street of Delta City . old man ( meaning it ) Dick , I '' very disappointed . 15 Morton see rev . 8/4/86 jone ( clean bleed off he suit ) I '' sure it 's only a glitch ... a temporary setback . dr . macnamara he do not hear the gun drop ... old man ( ignore macnamara ) you call this a glitch ?! we be schedule to begin construction in six month . this '' temporary hehe setback '' could cost we 50 million dollar in interest payment alone . he chance and grab it . morton not necessarily , sir . perhaps you be aware of the robocop Program that be develop by myself at Security concept as a contingency for just this sort of situation . jone ( smooth ) thank you for you concern , Mr. Morton . I be sure this be something we can take up in my office at a more appropriate time . old man now wait a minute , Dick . maybe what we need here be a fresh perspective . tell I about this plan of yours , Morton . how long will it take ? morton we nre ready to go , sir . we have be - structure the department and place prime candidate accord to risk factor . with the prevaile caon - dition in Old Detroit I be confident we can produce a effective prototype in 90 day . old man good . very good . get you staff together , Morton . I expect a full presentation in 20 minute . 16 56 37 the oid man leave . Jones light a cigarette , glaring at young Morton . paramedics explode into the boardroom and go to work on kinney . int ocp tower -— —- glass elevator Morton and Johnson ride down in the elevator . Morton be elate , almost dance , a sort of touchdown shuffle . morton that 's how it 's do in the big league , Johnson . see a open , go for it ! johnson better watch you back , Bob . Jones be go to come gun for you . morton fuck Jones . he fumble the ball , and I be there to pick it up . morton too bad about kinney . morton life in the big city . they fall silent . muzak : Young professional Victory March . johnson when do we start ? morton as soon eas some poor scheuck volunteer . ext old detroit burger stand ~- night burn out building line the street . the turbocruiser be park at the curb . Murphy lean on the hood listen to cop chatter on the comlink and practice a gun trick . at the counter Lewis pay for coffee with a credit card . she walk back to the car and set the coffee on the hood . Murphy flip he gun and guide it into he holster . he do it again . lewis pretty fancy move , Murphy . 17 59 60 61 murphy my kid watch this cop show -- t.j. lazer . this lazer guy do that everytime he take down a bad guy . lewis and you do not want to dissapoint he . murphy role model can be very important to a kid . lew be uh-huh ... murphy okay , I get a kick out of it . Lewis laugh a little , chug coffee . & beep - tone sound . int turbocruiser -- the dash come to life . information move across the vu screen . the etak sort through grid map at high speed . dispatcher ( comlink ) all unit in the vicinity ...211 in progress . grid plate 107 , sub-sector 16 ... white panel van ... murphy that 's we . ext STREET -- murphy and lewis toss they coffee and head for the car . when Murphy reach the driver 's side , Lewis be already sit there . she smile and pull the door shut . int turbocruiser -- murphy settles into the passenger seat and give she a look . Lewis hit the gas , pretend not to notice . murphy Central , unit 154 respond ... dispatcher ( comlink ) '' we copy 154 , suspect be armed and consider extremely dangerous . use of high explosive in connection with robbery of ... 18 es 64 6= rov. 3/6/86 int white panel van ~- clarence & the gang the van be crowded with man , weapon and char sack of money . adrenalin be pump . clarence you burnt the fuckin’ money ... bobby I hadda blow the door ... whad ’ya want ? clarence it 's as good as mark , you asshole . he throw a handful of char bill in Bobby 's face . emil , the wheel man , check he rear view mirror . emil clarence ! we get a cop on we tail ! int turrocruiser -- close fast on the van Dark street howl by . Lewis hit switch and suddenly the turbocruiser strobe to life with light and siren . murphy Central , we be in pusuit of pos - sible 211 suspect . request backup ... int white panel van everyone look scared . clarence cram gum in he mouth , chew furiously . emit this crate be not gonna outrun twin turbine . clarence well , you better slow down then . eee emil what be you crazy , man ...7 ? clarence shut the fuck up and just do it , man ! Bobby , get the door . ext turbocruiser close on the van fast . Murphy have he gun out . 19 66 67 68 int white fanel van everyone have a shotgun point at the rear door of the van . Bobby sit ready to kick the rear door open . clarence now ! Bobby kick the door open , and everyone fire at once . but there 's no turbdocruiser , only empty street . clarence 's man be confuse . Leon turn on emil . . leon what the fuck ...? emil he 's there , man ... and the turbocruiser swerve in from the leave side . Lewis swerve across the road and Murphy fire into the van . Bobby be hit in the leg . Joe and Steve fire they ee autoload wildly . Lewis make another pass from the right and Murphy 's bullet slam inte the van and ricochet . Bobby scream and scream . eee bobby aw shit , my leg ... oh GOD ...! clarence shut up , Bobby . I be try to think . bobby ++- oh GOD ... clarence ... my leg ! clarence all right . Leon , Joe ... lift he . int turbocruiser ~- up ahead the van swerve back and forth try to shake Lewis . Murphy reload . Lewis see something come too late . ext STREET -~ bobry be toss kick and scream from the back of the van . his body hit the hood of the turbocruiser and wee smash into the windshield , stick there , block any view of the road . Lewis fight the wheel as the turbocruiser jump the curb and mow down a row of parking meter . the white van make a quick turn and disappear . 20 of F 790 71 716 71 " int turbocruiser _ — * ~~~ Bobby , unconscious or dead , hang hideously in the windshield . Murphy push he out and off the car . Lewis slam into reverse , brake and take off again . ( comli murphy no ) Central , we be in pursuit of the e . Shots fire . suspect have be injure . request 3... uh , 9th and century ... priority request back - up , repeat , Central , we be in pursuit ... ( to Lewis ) suspect vehicl medivac , code I have get a heat track . they nre head West over the webster Street Bridge . ( to Lewis ) wanta know a shortcut ? on 19th ... yeah ? how do you know ? I grow up around here ... lewis murphy be a nice place . ext street -~ the turbocruiser turn right it use to roar away full throttle and take a hard right turn . ext warehouse -- a full moon hang over the white van , door open and empty . the turbocruiser pull up silently to the side of the warehouse . int turbocruiser Murphy punch in on the keyboard . the vuscreen tell he : all unit presently engaged -~ eta : 20 minute . Murphy and Lewis look at each other . ext warehouse -- murphy and Lewis get out of the car . you call it ... murphy Lewis shove a stick of gum in she mouth . let 's do it . lewis 21 ten ee ee ee ee een wee 74 Murphy point to the front entrance . Lewis neds , chew gum , indicate a stairway lead to the second story . murphy ( the comlink ) stay in touch . he stand for a moment in the white light of the moon and then he 's go . Lewis head up the stair that climb the side of the buid . int warehouse -- moving fast with Murphy as he duck between stack of cargo container that form a labyrinth across the vast warehouse space . he hear voice and move towards they . int warehouse -- lewis move quietly past tower stack of crates . she hear a door open and flatten hersel¢ against the wall . someone unzip and start the pee . it stream around the corner . int warehouse -~ murphy on the move across the warehouse floor . he stop , eh listen . someone 's watch tv . he move quietly , get closer . he peer around a corner and see dougy and emil sit on dilapidate furniture watch tv. emil light a Panama Super ciagrette . dougy you know , that thing 's 1ll kill you . ee emil yeah ? you wanna live forever ? er Murphy retreat , work he way around the other side . int warehouse -- joe be taking a leak next to the freight elevator , and Lewis put a gun to he head . Lewis freeze . Joe iook down ... this be embarrassing . 76 77 73 agve s/o/50 lewis okay , let 's see that hand . Nice and easy . joe sure , baby , nice and easy ... a blackjack drop into Joe 's empty hand . he face Lewis . joe uh , you mind if I zip this thing up ? Lewis look down for a split second and Joe belt she in the face and kneck she back into the open freight elevator shaft . Joe dive for he autoload . int elevator shaft -- lewis land hard in puddle of dark water and grease , blood on she jaw , out cold . joe stand over the open shaft , zipping he fly . he shrug grab he shotgun and head off . int warehouse -—- murphy step up behind emil and dougy . murphy Drop ‘em , boy . dougy grab for he shotgun and Murphy fire . the hhh bullet go through dougy and take out the tv . emil look at he own gun uncertainly . murphy make you play , creep . Dead or ie alive you be come with I . emil drop he autoload . Murphy kick it away and come up with a pair of handcuffs , nervous about the shot he fire . murphy ( comllink ) : Lewis . I get a situation here , eee girl ... it 's get heavy time . ( then ) ccon ’t.3j 79 80 61 b2 okay , tough guy , you know the routine . hand on you head . int elevator shaft -- lewis come to . she move stiffly . everything burt . int warehouse -- murphy move to cuff emil . suddenly , he hear the action of a autoload . ka - chunk . he look up . Chan cover hia froma above , Leon move in from the side . leon why do not you let we take it from here , emil . Drop the gun , cop . Murphy set he jaw as Leon put the barrel of the a@utoload against he neck . he let he mateba fall . emil twist away . emil you ass be mine . clarence ( from the shadow ) not yet , it be not . int elevator shaft -- lewis look stunne . she make a run leap , grab at . grease encrust cable and start to climb . she fall back hard , the cable tear into she hand . clarence ~- step into light and saunter up to Murphy , shotgun tip casually at he shoulder . he walk around Murphy , inspect hia . clarence you a good cop ... ( off he name tag ) Murphy ? ( Murphy be silent ) sure . you gotta be some kinda great cop to come in here all by yourself . clarence club Murphy viciously behind the knee with he autoload and Murphy hit the ground . Joe arrive , out of breath as clarence stun Murphy with a blow to the face . clarence where 's you partner ? bs b4 66 87 joe the other one be upstairs . I take she out ... murphy — — - on he knee clarence hover over hia . clarence Bet that really piss you off . you probably do not think ia a very nice guy . murphy buddy , I think you be slime . clarence step on Murphy 's ara , play to he gang . clarence you see , I get this problem . cap do not like I ... ( he bring he shot - gun down ) «+- 80 I do not much like cop . he put the muzzle of the autoload to Murphy 's wrist and pull the trigger . Murphy 's right hand be blow off . he gasp and grab he wrist . he 's never know so much pain . he struggle to stand . int elevator shaft —- lewis claw she way up the cable , inching upwards , slide back , use all she strength . Murphy 's rag breathe come to she over the comlink . int warehouse -- clarence turn to the gang grin , shoulder he shotgun and walk away as Murphy struggle to stand . clarence now he 's yours . emil blast Murphy in the chest , knock he across the warehouse floor . Joe and Chan move in , tiring . int warehouse -—- ground floor -—- lewis swing out of the elevator shaft and race into a tower maze create by stack pallet of beer can . murphy | a blast spiderweb he armor and another blow it away 24 88 89 90 o1 93 ceyli ( CA , in shard . Steve fire at close range , twice , and blow ae Murphy 's right arm off . lewis run , turn through the alley of the labyrinth , desperate , frustrated , while shotgun boom in the distance . murphy his helmet be blow off the top of he head . Joe and emil fire together , blast Murphy 's leg . he struggle to stand on he break limb . murfhy' Pov this be how thing look when you nre die . the room be @blur . the face of the gang swirl in front of he , threaten , leer ... emil ... Joe ... Chan ... Leon ... clarence . the gang look at each other . the bloodlust have cool . Joe shrug . joe T '' outa ammo . clarence step foreward , pull a black Desert Eagle from he belt , aim and blow off a piece of Murphy 's head . Murphy go down and stay down . clarence okay . let 's split ... this place be tee gonna be crawl with cop . leon shit . this be a great hideout ... ee they melt away into the dark warehouse . lewis running and run and run . she round a stack of cargo container and stop short , grim , stare at murfhy -~ sprawled in he own blood . lewis aw , Murphy .... outside she hear the van screech away . 25 93 96 97 78 99 100 warehouse floor -- huge stack of container dwarf Lewis as she kneel beside Murphy 's body . lewis ( comlink ) Officer down . repeat . Officer ee down . Central , I need a medivvac , code 3 ... my partner 's be shot . dispatcher ( comlink ) you be medivac priority ... help be on the way . calm down , patrolman ... lewis ( comlink ) you calm down , asshole . get I a hee medivac now or you be go to need one . ext warehouse -- night -- police helicopter idle as two faramedics lift Murphy into a pod on the tee landing skid of the helicopter . his good arm fall limp . one faramedic strap the arm down as the other revs the helicopter . paramedic Jesus , I think this guy 's still alive . he jump in and the helicopter rise , bank and roar away . lewis stand all alone , look small , oblivious of the prop wash that blow tear back across she face in streak . ext medivac helicopter -- night the helicopter soar over the river underneath a full moon . we hear the steady thup - thup - thup of the helicopter blade . close on murphy through all the blood , he eye flicker , darting wildly . he fov the flash light of the medivac and the city below begin to bleed together . the thufp - thuf -thup of the helicopter become Murphy 's heartbeat . it 's slow down . heartbeat : we be hover directly over Murphy 's body on a gurney as a team of doctor and nurse race down a 26 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 112 113 114 hospital corridor . they be work hard t save hia . as we hit the or door , fade . heartbeat : we be underwater . we break surface , fight . mom smile down on we , reassure : " keep you head above the water ... you be go to be all right . " fade . heartbeat : we be flail and punch at a mean-look kid , and he 's give it back . other kid in the schoolyard egg we on , '' com ’on , Murphy . '' '' get ‘em , Murphy . " fade . heartbeat : @ pretty girl , fill with youth and hope , run and jump into we arm and lean in to kiss we . fade . heartbeat : the pretty girl , ten year older , we wife , stand with we son . move away fast and fade . a straight GREEN line against black : the scream of a ekg machine . '' I have get a straight line . '' a dector yell , '' crash cart , 10 ccs adrenalin , stand clear . " zzzap ! emil stand before we , leer . fade . '' hit ’em again . " zzzap ! Joe stand , grin . fade . '' again . '' zzzap ! Chan smile , placid . fade . '' clear . '' zzzap ! Leon take he bow . fade . '' once more . '' Z2 zzap ! clarence smile and bid we goodbye . fade to black . '' that 's it . he 's go . '' then : '' okay , hook he up , patch he up , and I 'o ] make the call . " the voice fade ... silence . the electric pulse of a artificial heart begin . white static thunder through we . it sparkles and dance , almost alive . now it fade , and @ grid of GREEN line fill the screen and then snap off , color bar pop on . the color change hue as the color balance be adjust . vertical hold go cut . someone say , '' shit ! '' and shut we down . black . SNAP ! we be inside a complex laboratory . technician hover around we . the world go from black and white to color . '' be we lock in ? " a technician peer in . SNAP ! black . 115 SOUND , then click , we be on again : technician and scientist stand around . Morton give we a cool , paternal look . Johnson stand behind he . tyler we be able to save he leave arm . morton what ? I think we agree on total body prosthesis . lose the arm , okay ? ( then ) can he understand what I be say ? roosevelt it do not matter . we be go to blank he memory anyway morton I think we should lose the arm ... whad ’ya think , Johnson ? johnson he sign the release form when he join the force . legally he 's dead . we can do pretty much what we want . morton ( leave ) lose the arm . tyler okay , shut he down and prep he for surgery . click . the light go out . technician 2 ( v.0 .? can you bring the system up for a minute . T gotta check something . 116 SNAP ! we be back in the lab again . merton , Johnson and two suit , marketing and legal study we . a technician hover over we with a complex mechanical arm . thousands of shiney steel tendon wrap the limb . the table we be on elevate and turn as the technician struggle to connect the arm . market ing technician 1 we study have show the thanks . can you move eee importance of human recog - he to the leave ... keep nition factor in the accep - go ... okay , hold it . tance of authority . : technician 2 legal @ttach neural connector eee we be get into shakey G - 17 , R -1 , a - 44 .. , . 118 130 territory here . it 's not clear what what the legal techncian 1 ramification would be if watch he head okay , eee a former associate be to tilt back ... careful ... recognize the decease . uh- huh , right there ... morton techncian 2 look , he 's a law enforce — --- do not worry about the #«« ment product . he should s~series . it 's a tempor - look like a tough son - of - ary patch ... arne , give a bitch ! I a ddo , 4 amp over ... the finger of the mechanical hand open and close . click ! €@ blur of line , target site and data rip across the screen in # 12 direction . roosevelt ( v.0 . ) come on . let 's turn he on . snaf ! we be look at the face of a drunk Roosevelt . eee she 's hold a glass of champagne . Tyler and lot of technician in various state of inebriation . tyler happy New Year ! we turn we neck and take in the room . technician hey ! he 's look at we ! scientist and technician raise they glass and blow they noise maker . the female scientist lean over and give we a kiss . click , we be out . under a plastic shroud -- SOUND on ee morton ( v.0 . ) seewe get the best of both world : the fastest reflex modern tech - nology have to offer , onboard computer - assist memory , and a lifetime of on - the-street law enforcement '' programming . '' I would like to present ... robocop . the shadow of a hand grab the plastic shroud . robovision we be unveil . we step into a large room fill with eee ocp executive , scientist and technician . data chug up the screen as we analyze everything we see . a sudden 122 '' burst of applause as we walk foreward into the room . as we pass a mirror , we catch a glimpse of blue steel . ext precinct -- night a motorcade consist of three white station wagon and a all - white semi pull up in front of the precinct . a small army of technician exit the station wagon and head for the semi . now a dark sedan pull up on the opposite side of the street . Morton and Johnson get out . int precinct -- book desk not much go on . a couple cop take witness report at book terminal . a family sit on a long bench , wait . a smart - ass prisoner bore reed with he rap . prisoner I be what you call a repeat offender , . man . I repeat , I will offend again . you see , I get my order from a higher source . reed shaddup , asshole . the front door open and Morton walk in like he own the place . Johnson and Dr. roosevelt burry to keep up . a sea of technician surge in cary box . morton there 's a hold cell on this floor that 's set up for observation . roosevelt ( study a floorplan ) yeah , uh-huh . look perfect . four man edge through the door with a large piece of equipment resembling a chair . reed hey , hey , hey , hey ! what 's this all about ? morton who be this guy ? johnson ocheck a file ) sergeant John reed . 12 12 , 4 a 5 N morton : this be official ocf business , so please ... get lose . ( back to business ) I figure we get four or five day set-up . after that ... Morton and Roosevelt exit . Johnson bang back . reed fume for a second , then grab the phone . reed this be bullshit ! I take my order from cop ... he trail off , slack - jaw . the cop stop what they be do . everybody stare . what they see two technician hold the door open and robo step through . he scan the room , take . in everything , then walk past . the cop be suspicious , impressed , curious ... this be like no cop they have ever see before . the frisoner be wide -ey . prisoner what be this shit ...? int precinct -- corridor six cop crowd a wire - glass observation window look in on the hold cell . technician help robo into the chair . int holding cell bank of equipment surround the chair . technician monitor readout and run test . robo lean back in he chair . indicator light go on above he head . Morton watch as roosevelt , tyler and other scientist make adjustment . tyler whenever you be at rest , you will sit in the chair . okay ? robo yes , I understand . robcvision indicator graphic and information readout pop on and off in reaction to what we see but never completely obscur2 we vision ... the ultimate '' head up " display . 31 128 129 130 131 132 roosevelt we can check he exact location at all time with one of this . the compumap card this be the shape of map to come . morton how do he eat ? roosevelt his digestive tract be extremely simple . ( he point out a machine ) this processor dispense a rudi - mentary paste that sustain he organic system . Morton press a button en the processor unit . Brown paste pump into a paper cup . he try some . morton it taste like ... baby food . int precinct ~— — firing line ~~ a steady thunder roll down the line as cop exercise they revolver . now , above the steady thunder , gunshot louder and more distinctive than the other . several cop stop shoot to investigate . lewis fire double -hande with fierce concentration , scoring 87 . she hear the gunshot now and turn as cop move past she down the line . through a crowd of cop Lewis push she way foreward to get a better look . cop talk , low . foley eeeheay , it 's Super cop . starkweather what kinda gun be that anyway ? robo fire he huge autco -9 surround by scientist and technician wear hearing protector . Morton , smile , have he finger in he ear . Lewis push she 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 way to the front as robo drop one clip , load another and resume fire with military precision . manson shit ! this guy be really good . ramierez he 's not a guy ... he 's a machine ... gilmore what be they gonna do ? replace we ? kaplan no fuckin’ way any machine 's ever gonna replace I . the silhouette target bullet pound through paper like machine gun fire and form a perfect circle in the head of the target . a 's similar nine - point circle already outline the target 's " heart . " lewis and the other cop exhange glance , impressed . robo reload and fire , the clip fall at he armored foot along with expend shell casing . the silhouette target be shot rag , fall apart as the alley fill with smoke . the digital readout above the target read 100 . robo finish fire , spin the a - 9 on he finger and twirl it into he holster . kaplan , manson and starkweather watch , impressed . Manson look at Kaplan , wag he @yebrow . Kaplan spit . . lewis be stunne . she 's see this before , and she step up to robo as he pass , but he walk right past she 140 int precinct -- holding cell -- robovision Tyler , Roosevelt and technician hover around we with clipboard and checklist . Morton pace , excited . tyler oeetargete grid ? Tyler point at object with he pen . Command graphic : targeting . line vector and form a target grid wherever he point . a technician say , '' check . '' tyler Voice stress analyzer ? 1...2 ... = ° 3...7 Command graphic : voice stress analyzer . a complex analysis of Tyler 's voice be render . " check . " tyler record - flayback ? bring it up to half ... Command graphic : record . a small screen be define in the upper right hand corner . now the image expands and fill half the screen . Tyler be say , '' bring it up to half ... " tyler he 's ready . morton great . eh marton bend down close and we see he in tandem on both screen . morton robocop , what be you frime directive ? Command graphic : prime directive . they chug up the eee screen . directive 1 : serve the public trust . directive 2 : uphold the Law , directive 3 : protect the innocent . directive 4 : cclassified ) robo in the chair recite for Morton . 34 142 143 144 135 146 147 robo serve the public trust . uphold eee the Law . frotect the innocent . wee morton very good . int precinct -- book desk -- reed and several other cop be write out report at terminal . robo and Morton enter trail technician . morton he need a car . stoic , reed toss a set of key to Morton . robo snatch they in mid-air . robo thank you , sergeant reed . reed ur , sure . anytime . robo head for the door . morton go get ‘em , boy . ext precinct —~ night a shiney new turbocruiser be park out front . robo get in , fire the turbine and roar off into the night . ext the street of old detroit -- night ~- music up : hard-drive , inner-city cop music . the turbocruiser race along empty street . int turegcruiser -- robo drive . Street light flare across the visor of he helmet . robovision the road ahead race toward infinity . on the dash , monitor flicker and burp cop talk . we own internal readout change and flash over all of this ... information and more information . take it all in . int mom & pop grocery store -— night @ small neighborhood store . mom run the register . pop 35 148 149 chainsmoke behind the counter in the liquor section and watch the immensely popular bixby Snyder show on the overhead tv . a kid cruise the candy rack . when no one 's look , he slip a candy bar into he jacket pocket . the bell over the door ring . ding ! the hop head , a big mean guy with a serious drug habit , walk in . h wear a stain overcoat . he lock at magazine . sweat pour off he face . he select a particularly lurid skin magazine . Mom and pop exchange a glance . the hop head and head for the register and throw the magazine on the counter . Mom smile sweetly . mom will there be anything else ? hof head yeah . ( as he step back ) empty the register and put the money in a bag . mom ( do not get it ) Excuse I ? the hop head draw a machine gun from inside he overcoat and wave it in Mom 's face . fop be horrify . hop head give I you money . all of it . and do not fuck around . where 's the safe , Old man ? pop ( nervous ) we do not have a safe . Mom fille a plastic bag with money from the register . mom 's hand hit a conceal button inside the register drawer . hop head open the safe , pop , or I be gonna blow junior here all over the candy rack . the kid guip hard as he eye go wide . eee hee he ee pof do not hurt the boy . I 'l ) open the safe . fop be very nervous now . he can not make he old finger work the combination on the store safe fast enough and it make the hop head crazy . hop head you be stallin’ , Old man . you get the count of three to get that safe open . le ... bone he pull the bolt back . the door fly apen . ding ! tt 's robo . the hop head look a little startle . he 's never see a cop like this before . instinctively , he train the machine gun on robo . robo Drop it . you be under arrest . hof head fuck you , cop . the hop head fire three time . bullet bounce off robo 's armor and hit thing in the store : a freezer case , a bottle of catsup , the overhead tv . hop head fuck I ... rabo move in on the hop head . the hop head fire again , point blank . Mom and pop hit the floor as bottle of booze behind the counter be shattered by richochett bullet . robo grab the barrel of the machine gun and crush it . robo you be in a lot of trouble . he use the gun like a club and knock the hop head across the store with incredible velocity , destroy display and smash he head first through a floor - to- ceiling freezer case door . the kid have find he hero . kid wow ! robo prisoner Transport will arrive shortly . 37 he ard ee ee eee + a I - a hi 153 thank you for you cooperation . good wee night and have a pleasant evening . the hof head 's feet stick out through the shattered freezer case door ina mess of blood and ice and glass . the door ding ! robo walk out . Mom and pop and the kid watch he go . the kid take the candy bar out of he pocket and put it on the counter . kid ( a angel ) how much for this ? int turbccruiser ~- night robo drive along dangerous tenderloin street . people ar= out : pimp , prostitute , junky and assort low-life . a neon sign advertise Girls / Girls / Girls ! and the reflection move across robo 's visor . a call flash across the vu screen . robo hit switch . siren yelp and light flash red and blue . robo drive hard , jaw set . somewhere there 's a crime happen . ext dark alley ~~ night a women scream as she be grab by one of two creep who be chase she . she drop she purse and pull away from the guy and she dress rip across the front . she 's a goad lack woman but this be not a nice way to see she . she turn and find creep 2 wait . creep 2 '' hey , baby , take it easy . we do not wanna hurt you . creep 1 {as he grab she by she long brown hair ) Way too much hair here for I . creep 2 I know ... first we will give she a tee haircut ... creep 2 snap open he macsem fight knife and hack at she hair . tear of fear and humiliation spill down she face . she elbow creep 1 and try to kick creep 2 . 38 a creef 2 baby , you be makin 's I mad ... ( he hold the knife - to she face , whisper ) do not make I mad , baby . '' a huge shadgw fall across the creep and a extremely loud voice shatter the night . robo ( v.0 . ) let the woman go . you 're under arrest . what they see robo walk toward they . the tilt compartment on he leg open and the auto~9 slide into he tempere steel hand . robovision Command graphic : public addess . creep 2 grab the woman around the neck and hold he knife under she chin . he do not see what we see : Command graphic : targeting . line vector and search the woman 's profile for a safe shot at creep 2 . there be none . the woman struggle , and creep 2 lift she off ee she foot . the target sight merge between the woman 's leg and lock on creep 2 's newly expose groin . creep 2 be get crazy . creef 2 be you kidding , man ...? in 1ll cut this bitch ... robo fire . a bullet burn a hole through the woman 's wee dress , and creep 2 go down scream , hold himself , writhe on the ground with blood between he leg . the knife clatter to the ground in front of creep 1 . he look for a way out . robo you move . eee creep 1 raise he hand . robo cuff one hand , jerk he around a street sign and cuff the other . the woman throw she arm around robo , weep . robo stand rigid . 39 160 161 robovision Command graphic : voice stress analyser . tear stream down the woman 's face ... anger relief fear all at once . woman oh , God ... oh , God ... I be so scared ... how can I ever thank you enough , Officer ? roeo stand impassive , a soldier do he duty . robo you have suffer a severe emotional ee shock . it 's important for you to be with people you trust , mar ’am . I can notify a rape crisis center i¢ you so desire ... int turbocruiser -- dawn -- robo drive through empty city street as the sun come up . he pass a huge sign advertising Delta City that promise '' the future have e@ Silver line '' . ext old detroit burger stand -- kaplan and Manson and two other cop hang out near they turbocruisers , drink coffee , waking up . rabo roll by , slow to study the other cop . it make they uncomfortable . roba drive on by . int turbocruiser -- night ~— robo drive on , search , hunt . a beep - tone sound , and all unit flash across the vu -screen . dispatcher ( v.0 . ) Calling all unit ... call all unit . code Three in progress at City Hall . suspect be armed and have take hostage . all unit in the area please respond ... robo ( comlink ) 1 able 44 respond ... 163 164 165 ext STREET the turbocruiser blast away from we . '' ext CITY hall -- police line — — night turbocruisers and a swat van be park in front of City Hall . cop and swat team member take cover behind open car door , gun draw and point toward a third story window . huge searchlight wash across the building . spectator and reporter be keep behind the police line by ramierez and starkweather . robo pull up and get out of he car . swat team commander lt . hedgecock and a police captain argue as robo scope out the problem . lt . medgecock my boy can contain this situation in ten minute . we go in with ges and plenty of firepower and we have get a good chance of save the mayor . captain he 's already kill a aide , hedgecock . you go in there with that kinda profile and we be gonna have a bloodbath ... . hedgecock ( get hot ) yeah , well , it 's gonna look pretty bad if this joker smoke the mayor while we be just stand around worry about what sight happen ... robo cross behind they and head for the building . robo keep he talk . captain but ... Machine gun fire erupt from the third story window , kick up ashpalt at robo 's foot . robo draw he a - 9 as he reach the front door . the Captain look at hedgecock and then key he megaphone . int CITY hall robo head for the stairway , take they two at a time . outside , we hear the Captain talk over the megaphone . captain ( v.0 . ) okay , Miller , do not hurt the mayor and we will give you whatever you want . 41 miller ( vv.0 . ) first , do not fuck around with I . I be a desperate man . captain ( v.g. ) okay . .166 int mayor gibson nos office -—- miller stand to one side of the window with a mini-uzi train on he hostage . his business suit be dirty and rumple . he have not sleep in day and one of he eye twitches impulsively as he cram a Mars bar in he mouth . candy wrapper and spend cartridge litter the floor . mayor gibson , black , 45 , distinguished , and he aide be huddle together in a corner . the dead aide lie nearby , the wall behind he spatter with blood . miller second , I want some fresh coffee . ( increasingly agi - tate ) third , I want ea recount and no matter how it come out I want my old job back . I want a bigger office and I want a new car and I want the city to pay for it all . captain ( v.0 . ) what kind of car , Miller ? 167 int hallway -- robo turn a corner and walk past a heavy wooden door with a sign over it that say , '' Mayor . '' 168 robovision Command graphic : thermograph . vague outline of Miller and he hostage , but nothing clear as we move past the door . miller ( v.0 . ) T want something with recline leather seat that go real fast and get really shitty gas mileage . captain ( v.0 . ) how about a 6000 sux ? 169 int the office next to the mayor nos robo enter and survey the room . Miller can be hear 42 170 171 172 173 quite clearly now next door . robo holster he gun and run he hand along the wall . miller ( v.0 . ) I also want the city to pay for all my gas and tune - up , get it ? captain ( v.0 . ) no problem , Miller . let the mayor go and we will throw in a blaupunkt ... cruise-control ... white wall tire ... video game ... whatever you want , buddy . int mayor gibson 's office —- miller do not like the sound of this . miller hey , do not jerk I off , Captain . people jerk I off , I kill ’em ... wanna see ? he pull Gibson to the open window and put the barrel of he mini-gun to the Mayor 's temple . robovision cammand code : thermograph . much clearer now . we see the computer - enhance outline of Miller and the Mayor at the window . Miller become even clearer as he step back closer to the wall . miller ( v.0 . ) nobody ever take I seriously ... well , get serious now ... int mayor gibson 's office —- miller back away from Gibson , push he head firmly against the window sill with the gun , prone for execution . miller e..and kiss the Mayor 's ass good - bye ! robo 's right arm punch through the wall and grab Miller in a choke hold . Miller fire wildly . the Mayor and he aide hit the deck as bullet tear up the room . robo 's leave arm punch through now and pull Miller kick and scream and shoot through the wall . 174 175 176 177 178 179 int the office next to the mayor nos —- robo pull Miller and part of the wall into the room . Miller bring the uzi up in a shower of plaster and lathe , still fire . robo punch he once , very hard . ext CITY hall —- a correspondant see something and signal to he cameraman . the cameraman drop to one knee , roll tape . media break — — jess perkin -- superimposed over hand hold footage of Miller 's body explode out of the third floor window and hit the ground . Police scramble foreward . jess it start a week ago with the heroic rescue of Mayor Gibson and three of he aide by a lone police officer ... he identity a well keep secret . @ PRESS conference : lot of reporter , lot of tv cameras , lot of question . on the dias : robo , Morton , Johnson , and other executive . Johnson be speak , point first to robo and then to Morton . Morton bask in the attention . jess Wednesday : ocp put a end to speculation when it unveil a experimental crime management program . it 's name : robocop . today , kid at Lee iacoca elemen - tary School get to meet in person what they parent only read about in comic book . a schoolyard : robo walk , surround by excited kid and reporter . &n ocp media support team bring up the rear . suddenly a microphone be thrust at robo . correspondant Excuse ae ! robo ! any special me - sage for all the kid watch at home ? robo stay out of trouble . casey wong be concerned -—- superimpose over helicopter unload troops at a resort hotel . lot of gust , gunfire , and prop-wash withere palm tree . a4 casey more fight in the mexican crisis today when american troops partici - pate in a joint raid with mexican national against rebel rocket pesition in Cancun . 180 commercial 3 a network logo dazzle we . a slick , energetic narrator say , '' tonight on it 's mot my Problem / " two beauty with monster tit kneed dough behind the counter of a topless pizza bar . comic bixby snyder lean into frame complete with bow tie , " I would buy that for a dollar . " massive can laughter . '' it 's bixby anyder tonight at eight . be there ! '' 181 commercial 4 a family play a elaborate board game . the daughter pick a card and accuse , '' you cross my line of death ! '' the mother look across at she pipe-smok husband charge , " you have not dismantle you mx stockpile ! " a tense stand - off , everybody watch everybody , until the son hit he red fire button . a holographic nuclear explosion mushroom from the middle of the board . everyone fall back laugh . nuke 's em ... gat they before they get you ! '' another quality home game from butler Brothers . " 182 casey wong over delta CITY graphic casey still no official start date for ocp 's Delta City Project . Labor leader 's have refuse to sanction construction until ocp can guarantee the personal safety of worker in Old Detroit . Robert Morton , vice President in charge of the robocop Program : 183 int morton 's office —- day the new Morton ( new hair style , new clothes , new qlass ) talk with the confidence that come with success . morton well , I can not comment on Delta City ... that 's not my division , ( one day it might be ) but at Security concept we be pro- jecting the end of crime in Old as 1b4 185 186 Detroit within 40 day ... there 's a a@ new guy in town , and he name be robocop ... Morton smile , charming , self - assure . betacam viewfinder -- pull out as Morton stand and the News Crew begin to break down they gear . morton gotta go ... thanks , gentleman . int cmi tower -- corridor -- day muzak : american patrol . Morton walk down the hall . people say helio , and he nod . another executive , WALKER , fall in with he . WALKER hey , hey , Bobby -boy . vice President . congratulation ... handball Tuesday night ? morton Love to , Bill ... but I get a that couple of model come over to ay place . WALKER ( wink ) I no buy that for a dollar ! they stop at a door mark executive washroom . both pull out gold cardkey and laugh . God , it 's great to be young and upwardly mobile . Walker open the door . WALKER welcome to the club , Bob . int executive washroom mile of tile and bevele glass ... sign point the way to the jacuzzi , the gym , the sauna and everything else you need to combat stress and fatigue here at the top . two executive be at the sink , a third be take a piss . Morton and Walker unzip in tandem and join he . WALKER you be make a real name for you - self in Security concept with robocop . let I in on the bottom line , pal . I hear Jones be plenty piss . the other executive look up , interested . morton you know , he 's get this killer rep but it 's a smokescreen ... let 's face it , he 's lose he tooth . he 's @ pussy . WALKER be we talk about the same Dick Jones ? morton hey , he 's old . we be young . that 's life . the two executive at the sink exchange look and head for the door where they be join by the third executive who be still zipping up . Morton and Walker notice . . morton hey ... 1 a stall door open . Dick Jones walk to the sink and begin to wash he hand . with painful determination , Walker exercise samuri control over he body and stop pee . . : WALKER ( grunt ) geez , I gotta meeting ... I gotta go . he turn , zipping up , a stain spread near he crotch as he rush away . Morton cringe as Jones walk up behind he and literally breathes down he neck . jone congratulation , bob. morton eeeuh , thanks . jone ( evenly ) I remember when I be a young executive for this company ... I use to call the Old man funny name ... ironbutt . boner ... once I even call he ... asshole . Morton zip up , push past Jones and head for the sink . see panic in he face when he look in the mirror . 47 187 188 189 190 maese ceviou jone but there be always respect . I always know where the line be draw , and you just stepped over it , buddy boy . you " ve insult I , and you've insult this company with that bastard creation of yours ... I have ®& guaranteed military sale with ed 209 ... renovation program ... spare fart for twenty -five year ! who care if it worked or not ? morton the Old man think it be pretty important , Dick . jone ( back in control ? you know , he 's a sweet old man , and he mean well . but he 's not go to live forever , and I '' number two around here . pretty simple math , huh , Bob ? ( spitting ) you just fucked with the wrong guy ! you better hope that unholy creation hee of yours do not screw up . Jones leave . in the mirror Morton in the mirror as the door slam behind Jones . white static pulsate with color . a gentle rush of voice and musical tone . suddenly a dark image crack the light and just as quickly it be go . very close on robo asleep in the chair . he grimace . int observation room -- night -—- two technician @at and talk . telemetry unit pump out ream of graph paper . through a window , robo sleep in he chair . technician 1 I think we would go to alcapulco but ee rebel blow up the airport again ... hey , what be that ? 43 191 192 193 194 195 196 197 technican 2 ( bang on a monitor ) goddamn monitor ... ' move inside robo jaw tight , sweat . the rush of voice grow louder . the white static be suddenly shattered by the dark image : shadows with shotgun move in as they fire . robo sit up with a start . panel of indicator light on the chair flicker in rapid succession . int observation room qutside robo stand up . the technician notice . technician 1 hey , look . bucket boy 's on line . int precinct hallway -- roosevelt lean against the wall , hit on foley , a pretty lady cop . roosevelt +o sure , I be @ scientist , but I hit the gym three time a week ... the hold cell door fly open with force . robo walk away down the hall . Roosevelt check he watch and bolt for the observation room door . int observation rcom Roosevelt push past the two technician and rifle through graph paper , compare readout . the technician know they nre in trouble . roosevelt when do this happen ...? what the hell be this ? int parking garage —- night — lewis and she new partner escort a handcuff prisoner toward the double door that enter the precinct . robo step through the door , head cut . Lewis watch he pass , then : 49 198 199 200 Lewis Jerry , book ' ’em and 1I ' 11 catch up with you later . thanks . she head after robo . at the turbocruiser robo open the door . Lewis walk up , unsure . what do you say to this guy ? Lewis uh , hella . I naven not have a chance to introduce myself ... I be Anne Lewis . robo turn , step closer to Lewis . it make she nervous . robovision Lewis wait but robo be not talk . he 's analyze . data and grid crunch by . lew be do you have a name ? Command graphic : working . then , Command graphic : prime directive : directive 1 : protect and serve the Public trust . directive 2 : uphold the Law . directive 3 : [ £ clasgified 3 robo utterly silent . finally : robo how can I help you , Officer Lewis ? lewis oh , gee , uh ... that 's not really what I mean ... do not you have a@ name ? robovision we study Lewis 's face , analyze it with all we system as she lean in , question . now she frown . lewis com ’on , Murphy ... it be you . 202 zoze robo step back , cautious . lewis you really do not remember I , do you ? roeq no. Excuse I ... I have a job eee to do . somewhere there 's a crime happen . he slide into the car and fire it up . lewis watch he drive away , confuse and unsure . she turn as roosévelt joe up . he do not look happy . eee roosevelt what would you talk to he about , officer ? int precinct -- locker room ee Morton race in with reed . he 's go to get to the bottom of this fast and take it out on reed in the meantime . morton listen ... I be assure full cooperation ee by this precinct , buddy , and if it get screw it up by one of you grunt I be gonna have you job ... near the door , Tyler wait , worried , a sheaf of telemetry paper in she hand . Morton grab the papers , make a show of look at they ( but he probably do not understand they ) and keeo go . Tyler fall in beside he morton okay guy , what 's the update ? we get a glitch or what ? | tyler : well , it 's hard to be 100 percent , but this system be never design to experience detaile somatic response ... and now they reach Roosevelt who stand glower over Lewis . ' she be sullen , defensive , maybe a little piss off . St rocsevelt yeesh . he have a dream . and then this cop see fit to question he ! Lewis I do not question he ...! I ask he he name and he do not know . morton oh. great . let I make it real clear to you . he do not have a name . he 's get a program ... clear ? Lewis uh ... sure . tyler I say we pull he in , run a system 's check , the work ... roosevelt take abcut a week ... maybe ten day . morton you want to take he off line because he have a dream ? fre you kid ? ( reed and Lewis be present ) come on , let 's get out of here ... listen , reed , try and keep one thing in mind . this project do not concern cop , it 's classified , it 's ocr ... get it ? reed get it . Morton hustle away with Roosevelt and Tyler in tow . morton ( back to business ) we keep he on the street , we maintain the schedule ... I can not afford any downtime right now ... and they be gene . lewis sorry , sarge . I fuck up . reed forget it , kid , the guy 's a serious asshole ... s2 eee wee he od tee hae eee the mod 205 296 ext self -service shell gas station -- night a lonely place in the middle of the night near a freeway overpass light by a huge elactric sign spell out '' shell . '' someone riding a batter grey motorcycle roar into the station . attendant booth the attendant , glass and pimple , concentrate hard on he analytic geometry textbook . he look up when he hear a tap - tap - tap on the booth 's glass window . what he sees emit , clarence 's wheel man , stand there , leer , use the barrel of he mac - 10 to get the attendant attention . emil gimme ail you money , bookworm , or I xi blow you brain out . the attendant empty the cash drawer into the slide drawer and shove it toward emil . emil pocket the money with one hand and hold the gun on the attendant with the other . emil now fill it up on number 7 . the attendant nervously punch button with ane hand . emil back towards he bike . the number on the pump go to zerc . emil pull down a hoze and insert the nozzle s2a 207 208 209 210 212 213 214 into emil 's bike . the feed hose flexe as gas be deliver at high pressure . emil I be a good shot , man . do not do nuthin’ stupid . T could hit you in the eye from here ... point the gun at the attendant 's booth , grab a cigarette out of the pack and light it with one hand . int turbocruiser -- on the over pass robo look down at the gas station , a well - light oasis in the middle of a dark city . robovision Command graphic : night vision . a video enhance view of the gas station ; a man stand near the pump , point a gun at the booth . ext gas station ~- emil continue to give the attendant a bad time . emmil . hey , man , what you readin’ in there ? you @ college boy or somethin’ ? 1 bet you think you be pretty smart , huh ? you think you can outsmart @ bullet ? robo 's armore feet hit the pavement . he move with quiet precision . emil pull on he cigarette , have a good time . he hear something and spin around to see robocop stand there , he gun draw . robo Drop it . emil freeze . he drop he cigerette . his eye dart wildly . robovision 215 216 217 218 219 220 the cigarette saolder on the ground . now we zoom in close on emil 's face . robo Dead or alive , pal . either way you be come with I . emil have hear this word before . he stare at robo , staggered by nightmare deja vu . emmil y-you ? it 's all too much . he open up with the mac - 10 and dive for cover behind the gas pump . bullet bounce off robo 's armor and shred the gas pump . one sever the feed hose and gas spray out under high pressure . the attendant can not believe what he 's see . pink gas wash the glass window of the booth . he grab he book and run away as fast as he can . emmil fire , advance to he bike . fountain erupt from gas pump as he riddle they with bullet . seethes across the pavement , lap at he shoe . he panic . robovision Command graphic : targeting . behind the rupture pump , emil jump on he bike , and jam it into gear . the bike slip and broady on the fuel slicked tarmac . and now we be move very quickly , racing toward the cigarette it smolder on the ground . tiny finger of gasoline race to meet it . emit be terrify . the bike inch foreward as the rear wheel spin furiously , spraying gas . the bike hit dry ground and leap away . emil hold on for he life . robo step on the cigarette just before the gas reach it . sas flood the pavement around he foot . suddenly , 222 223 224 225 226 227 228 229 the shell station explode . robo be engulf in flame and emil , lean low on the bike , race ahead of the fireball . in the FIRE blacken mechanical leg step through the burn rubble . robovision Command graphic : targeting . vector lock on the escape emil as we clear the fire , raise we blaze arm and fire . emil 's motorcycle flip violently . €mil go fly . emil ' open he eye as smolder steel hand pick he up , lift he past robo 's fire - blacken leg and torso until he be eye- to - eye with robo . robovision Command graphic : record . emil be delerious . he smile as we record he face front and side . behind he the gas station go up in flame . emil y- you be dead , man .... robo Bright flame refect in he visor as the underground storage tank explode . robo who be you ? emil leer a idiot 's grim and pass out . €@ fire ball . plume skyward toward the giant shell sign and the '' ss '' explode in a# shower of neon spark ... robo , flame and '' hell . '' int precinct —~ hallway -—- robovision we be walk down a corridor towards a double door mark Police compulab fast . ten information loader look up from they workstation as the door open . they look a little shocked . 230 –231 232 233 234 cecil the clerk scurries to the front counter . he 's scared and it make he speach impediment worse . cecil c~c-can I help you , sir ? robo no . cecil adjust he glass and try to be brave . cecil w-w- what exactly be it you w-w- want ? this be a r-r-r-restrictive area ... uh , sir ! robo push past cecil and step up to the cfn terminal . cecil bluster in : front of he , summoning righteous indignation but stop short when robo raise he arm and make a fist . tchikk ! a metallic strip snap into place , protrude from he knuckle . cecil and the loader react to this . cecil jump back . robo ignore he . robo : insert the metallic strip into a access port . hundred of mug shot flash across the screen . the reflect face race across he visor . robovision Command graphic : playback . the mugshot we take of emil at the gas station play . recreate he face in vector , scan and turn and analyze . the cfn terminal the vector analysis of emil 's face appear on the screen other the blur of mug shot . suddenly a mugshot of emil freeze . his rap sheet appear . his know accomplice be list along with mug shot and rap sheet ... Joe , Chan , Leon , clarence . robovision we scan clarence 's lengthy rap sheet , stop at : suspect , murder : dpd Officer a.j. murphy file access code of xj05183 36 236 237 238 239 240 241 242 243 244 Command graphic : playback . Lewis appear quarter screen . she say , '' Murphy ... it be you . " . enter '' xjosis3 robo tilt he head as new information flash on the screen . the cfn screen -— — - a photo i.d. of murphy appear along with the follow information : murphy , Alex James kia 3128 prierose Lane dpd 1 D # e7e8 ( deceased ? classified robo stare at the screen , Murphy 's face reflect across he visor . robovision -- very close on c deece a sbe yd a ext housing complex -— ~ day the turbocruiser roll past a street sign : primrose lane . the sky darken overhead . each residential unit in the complex be identical except for color and condition . int turbocruiser -- robo pull up in front of a weathered pre-fab house . there 's a for sale sign pound into the overgrown lawn . he check the address : 31268 primrose Lane . at the front door robo try the door ... it 's open . Thunder rumble overhead . he push the door open . int murphy 's house -- day the house be a compact , sensibly design live space . lot of build -in , smart appliance ... a electronic cottage . suddenly , muzak : fanfare for the model hone . a@ wall comunit monitor , phone , command keypad ... all build into e cheap , pracitical unit . the monitor flicker to life 37 245 246 247 248 249 with the logo interspace Network and a happy salesman wear a bow tie . salesman welcome , shopper ! let 's take a stroll through you new home ... irritate , robo walk away . live room robo stand in the empty room . the comunit pop on and the salesman continue he rap . salesman this be a one family house build by zm industry . situated near school and shopping center , this progressive Community have a growth factor of 7 ... robovision —= flashback robo scan the room . picture and furniture bleed into the room , shimmer . the tv be on and Murphy 's Son be watch tj lerer . on screen , lazer blast a bad guy and spin he gun into he holster . now he turn to we as he fade away . murphy nos son neat , huh , dad ? robo stand , confuse by this experience , then move to the the kitchen submarine style , very functional , lot of build - in appliance , another comunit . it come to life as robo pass . he pick up a lone coffee cup in the empty open shelving that say '' World class husband . " salesman and , say , it do not matter who cook in you family because this Kitchen by food concept make everything a snap ! robo set the cup on the counter a little too hard . the handle off break in he hand . the hallway comunit flash on as robo walk by . the salesman talk fast . 250 2s salesman short on cash ? with master budget financing , you earning power be you equity ... we nage you income so that you can manage you life . master bedroom robo step in . lot of mirror make the room look bigger than it be . the comunit click on . salesman ah , the master bedroom ... functional space with a touch elegance ... robovision ~~ flashback we scan the empty room . the furnishings bleed in as murphy 's wife walk by in she robe head for the bathroom . robo follow she . murphy be wife Jimmy need new clothes for schoo ) «+- the webster want we to come to they party ... and ...hey , you look sexy in that shirt . she drop she robe and step into the steaming shower . she turn in the door . robo be leave look at himself in the bathroom mirror . he touch the visor of he mask . the coalinit snap on next to the mirror . salesman hey , have you think it all over ? why not make I a offer ? I be ready to make a de ... grk kk ! robo shove he fist through the screen . ext cemetery -- dusk -- lightening flash in puddle and rain pour as robo walk among the tombstone . robo walk between wind whipped tree . Thunder roll as lighten snake across the sky . robovision —- flashback with each crack of lighten . the face of the gang swirl in front of we , threaten , leer ... emil Joe ... Chan ... Leon ... clarence . and now we come to e 255 259 white marker with a raise white cross which read : alex murphy , belove husband and Father , rip . ext high rise luxury condo -- night the thunder storm rolis through the city with rain and warm wind . int morton' bachelor pad muzak : brazilian sepba . Glass and electronics dominate . the curtain be blow in from the balconey . Morton lay down line for himself chardra , a model of the eurotrash exotica variety . chandra ( at the end of a line ) there 's just something about the way it sound . vice President . it ... just ... turn I on . morton can almost taste it . he scoops coke into a spoon and head for the balcony . ext on the balcony -- tawny chandra 's exotic partner -in-crime , stand in the warm rain wear a sapphire cocktail dress . / morton summer storm ... I love the rain ... hey , you / like to bump crack ? hy tawny it 's one\of the thing I like to do . she turn as Morton raise the spoon . Cocaine spill off she cheek , across she chest . Morton see he chance and grab it . morton well , what do you think of this ? he lean in kissing at she neck , lick , work he way down between she breast . chandra giggle as she join they . but now she pout . chandra save some for I , Bob . the doorbell ring . 260 261 262 263 morton that aust be the champagne ... int morton rush to the door he know he 's about to get it like he 's never have it before . he open the door . a killer stick the barrel of he gun in Morton 's nose . Morton see hie but we do not . Morton back into the room ... lot of terror , very little dignity . : killer ‘s voice bitches . leave . tawny and chandra grab they clutch bag and edge quickly toward the door . impulsively , chandra check she lipstick in a compact mirror . tawny gee , Bobby ... bye .. '' you gonna call I ? and they be go . as the door close , Morton be shove across the room . Morton summon what little courage he have . morton whatever it be you want , you wa not get away with it . do you know who I be ? the killer 's hand twist a silencer onto the end of the gun . we hear tuneless humming . the gun barrel drop . four quick shot . '' morton go down , shot in the leg , cry out , whimper something like , '' I can not believe this be happen ... '' the mirrore table ~—- the killer' hand put a small watchman tv on the table and press a button . the hand move to the coke supply , take a sloppy pinch , snorting sound , more hum , grab a cigarette and light it . Morton try a different tact . morton I will give you anything . anything . please do not kill I ... 61 264 265 266 267 268 269 jone ‘s on ty hello again , buddy - Boy . Dick Jones here . I guess you be on you knee about now ... begging for you life ... pathetic ... you don ’t feel so cocky now do you , bob ? morton nos saimese cat rub up against the killer 's leg . the killer 's hand scratch the cat 's ear . morton be in terrible pain , he 's be shot , and he cat be in heat for the killer . jone on tv you know what the real tragedy be here , Bob ? we could have be friend ... except you would not go through proper channel ... you go over my head ... that hurt . a hand grenade be place on the mirror table by the killer 's hand . clink . morton silently say '' no " over and over again . jone on tv but life go on ... it 's a old story ... the fight for love and glory , right Bob ? it help if you think of it as a game ... every game have a winner and a loser ... I be cash you out , Bob . the killer' hand pull the pin on the grenade . the spoon fly across the room and land near Morton 's cat . morton strugges toward the mirror table as the killer stand . ext hallway -- clarence boddicker step out of murton '' apartment . as he pull the door shut we see Morton reach for the grenade . at the last possible moment , Morton 's cat slip out . clarence 62 271 272 273 274 275 276 277 head down the hall , hum . behind he the door be biown off its hinge . int turbocruiser — night -- rain wash across the windshield as robo drive through Old Detroit , hunt , search . he flick the input strip on he fist and plug into the access port next to the crime computer on the dash . the crime computer come alive with fact and figure and a brace of photo : Joe , Chan and clarence . a hardcopy feed out of the printer . ext dark street -—- the turbocruiser roar past a Delta City sign that say : the future have a Silver line do . of cerirwtrty ext a STREET corner -- night the turbocruiser idle nearby . robo shove a nervous pimp against a wall and show he the picture . Thunder . frightened , the pimp shake he head -- no . ext under a awning -- night two hookers wait out the rain , shiver . robo stand in the downpour with the mug sheet . they confer briefly , then shake they head -- no . ext in a alley -- night the rain have stop by the street be still wet . a row of ten teenage gangmember on they knee , hand on top of they head , face a brick wall . robo walk behind they , hold the photograph inch from each one 's face . in turn , the tough kid shake they head —- no —- but the last guy hesitates . robo step on . he leg . he point to Chan . robo pick he up by he collar and the kid talk fast . robo drop he head for the turbocruiser . int rock shop '' — — night this be the biggest processing lab in the city . built in what be once ' supermarket , the floor - to-ceil window have be paint out and a wheeze pharmaceutical assembly line sprawl across the flourescent 1it interior , grind sifting and bottle cocaine . worker wear protective mask tend the 63 line . qverhead on catwalk , guard with shotgun keep a eye on the worker . Coke dust the air . clarence and sal , a fish -ey man in a bad suit , walk through the lab . sal be flanke by two bodyguard wear heavy iron in shoulder holster . eon and Joe trail further back . Chan wander past noisy machine on the line , balance he autoload . he stop , help himself to a sloppy nose full of cocaine , then head off in another direction . sal ( get mad ) I do not give a shit what you wann pay , clarence . I set the price in this town . clarence qean in , cool ) listen , pal , maybe you have not hear : I be the guy in Old Detroit ... you want space in my marketplace , you be gonna have to give I a volume discount ... sal lemme put thing in perspective here , hero . you kill a buncha cop ... the word around be you get big connection downtown ... you make @ lotta people nervous . they would love to see some guy like I put you outta business . clarence irun the sale organization in Old Detroit , you dumb wop son of a bitz=h . I can keep the street dry long enough to put you back in the olive oil business . sal {to a bodyguard ) frankie , blow this cocksucker 's head off . frankie draw he big , ugly magnum . Chan step around the corner behind . sal , cock he shotgun , slide it | under sal 's chin . '' everyone in the lab stop what they be do to . watch the outcome . clarence pat sal on the cheek . clarence sal , baby , the Tigers be play 278 279 280 281 282 283 tonight and I never miss a game . could we get together on this ? the heavy steel door behind Chan flexe violently and . falis open to reveal stand in the doorway , he a- 9 out and ready to do business . Chan pivot to face hia . sal 's other bodyguard draw he gun . the worker on the line go for a handy assortment of automatic weapon . the guard overhear cock they shot gun . robo come quietly or there will be ... trouble . robovision Command graphic : combat mode . a moment of disbelief flicker over the face of this small army of hood . lighten analysis of position and armament : 15 target ... 9 shot cfull ] Leon look annoyed and go for he gun . leon oh , fuck you . o. all hell break loose as everyone with a gun open fire . clarence hit the ground . behind he , Chan fire , cock and fire again . robo bullet and buckshot qlance off he armor . he use he forearm to parry a bullet aim at he face . all the while he a -9 blaze . clarence scramble to get away from robo and all the firepower direct at he . chan be blow off he foot into sal ' ss lap . Leon stand expose , struggle to get he own gun out . the bodybuard frankie 's eye cross as he take a bullet between then . his sidekick be spun around by robo 's bullet into the path of automatic gunfire from the Lab worker . joe ~~ eepty he .45 double-handed . a bullet blow two of he finger off and ' send the gun spin away . a Hood next to Leon take one through the chest . Leon grab Joe and pull hia through a fire door . a alarm sound . 284 286 287 289 290 291 292 robovision the target grid dance from one Hood to the next and we pick they off methodically . target : 1000 pua ebene 2 shot remaining ... creload ! 3 ] two more hoods go down . robo grab sgl by the neck and hurl he across the room . he drop a clip and reload in one sacoth action . the worker duck as sal 's body hit the rack of glassware and fall across a rotate filler / sorter machine . plume of Cocaine cloud the air . Lab worker return fire from behind the move bottle machinery . robovision Command graphic : combat mode . the methodical extermination of bad guy continue . targetb : feccbuae 7 shot remaining ... on the catwalk , above , the shotgun Guards fire and retreat behind cover . vector suggest possile strategy . the catwalk both guard come out to fire . robo fire , spin , and fire again . one guy thud to the ground . the other guard , hit in the neck , wedge he foot and hang from the catwalk upside down . robo spin again and level he a- 9 at clarence he pull the pin on a grenade . the room have be decimate around hia . the dead shotgun Guard hang behind he by he heel . clarence cool it , cop , or I turn this room into @ meat locker . jaw set , the meanest cop that ever live stare over the barrel of a smoking @uto - 9 , step closer . clarence bare he fang . 293 294 295 296 297 clarence I mean it , man .... robo smile slightly . then he grab clarence . clarence sail through the AIR and crash through a paint floor - to- ceiling supermarket window . another window shatter when the grenade go off outside . robo spin the a -9 into its holster as he cross the room , all business , step over several dead thug and through the shattered window . clarence ( v.0 . ) ( talk fast ) let I save we both a lot of time . put I in jail and 1I ' 11 be out in minute . I be in business with omni c- aaaaaaraaaraaa ! clarence howl as he smashes through another window back into the lab . blood from the hang guard spatter he face . robo hover over clarence , ominously , and cuff he . robo ( a whisper ) clarence boddicker . you be under arrest . you have the right to remain silent . you have the right to a attorney ... clarence listen , I - know the guy you work for . we be buddy . I could make life @asy for you ... clarence scream as\Robo hoist he to he foot by he handcuffs . robo @nything you say can and will be hold against you in a court of law ... 67 298 299 300 robovision Command graphic : record . clarence hit the jamb hard . he turn to back to robo . clarence come on , man , I be try the do you a favor . I work for Dick Jones . you can call he . I have he card . he 's the number two guy at omnicon ... Command graphic : voice / stress analysis . Green letter print out 93 % truth probability . ext coke lab —~ clarence crash head first into the turbocruiser door . clarence don ’t you get it ?!! omnicon run the cop . you be a cop . robo yeah . I be a cop . he open the car door and shove clarence inside . int precinct — book desk —- reed be ona rampage . Kaplan and starkweather d drave the storm . kaplan I do not like it anymore than you do , reed , but listen ... reed you listen to I , asshole ! you be talk about shutting down a major metropolitan police force ... with out cop , this city will tear itself apart ! kaplan I 'a ' the shop steward so I gotta tell . you . the union think you should know there be a strike vote last night ... '' reed turn to the grow group of cop that have come in from the locker room . he qlare at first one , then another , look for proof that this be not true . 301 302 303 304 305 306 307 starkweather we be gettin’ cream out there , reed ! the front door fly open . robo drag clarence in and throw he against the book desk . clarence snarl like a trap animal . robo book‘em . he 's a cop killer . he turn , look at the other cop for a moment , then head out the door . the cop be a panorama of reaction ... impressed , confuse , angry ... and then there ' 's Lewis who just look concerned . clarence just gimmee my fuckin 's phone call . ext precinct -- parking garage entrance — — night music up : hard -drive and ominous . the sharklike nose of the turbocruiser leap out into the street . int turbocruiser -— ~ robo drive , he jaw set , grim robovision Command graphic : playback . clarence 's confe : sion play quarter screen over and over again as we twist and turn through dark city street . '' I work for Dick Jones . he 's the number 2 guy at omnicon ... don ’t you get it ?!% ext the turbocruiser blast through the squalor of Old Detroit . int ocp tower -- jone 's office i Jones be at he desk , talk on the phone . '' jone eoal understand ... I know the deal , but you ' let I down . you just remember that . you owe I . 30 B 309 310 311 312 sas 314 315 he hang up , think , drum well — manicure finger on rosewood . he slide open a desk grawer and take out a compumap card . the compumap be activate . aa blink red dot be move toward the center . robo be come . ext bridge over the river -- night the turbocruiser cross into the financial district . above dozen of brightly light skyscraper rise the impose omnicom Tower . ext financial district -- night the turbocruiser turn and head down a ramp into the parking garage beneath the ocp Tower . int ocp tower -- parking garage robo pull the turbocruiser into a space near the elevator . two exhaust executive , tie loosen , stare as robo get out of the car . robo ignore they . elevator lobby robo push the call button . he wait . ding ! the e@levator door open and clerk and secretary push nervously past robo . he step in and the door close . int elevator —- robo wait . ding ! the elevator pause at the 73rd floor . the door open and a Cleaning woman , emma , back in with she clean cart . the door close . now she look at robo . emma hi there ... rabo nod . int ocp tower — elevator lobby ~~ 112th floor ding ! the elevator door open and Emma push she cart out . robo walk down a long cerridor . robo reach a set of double door mark : Dick Jones , senior President -- Security concept division . he open the door . sn 70 316 317 318 319 int jone 's office -- the reception area be empty and dark . robo walk past three desk and through a door mark private . int jone 's inner office be a huge t-shape room , dark except for the glow of city light below . someone light a cigarette . it 's Jones . : jone come in . Officer . you know I do not usually see anyone without a appointment ... but in you case , I ' 11 make a exception . robo step foreward , he hand hover near he handcuffs . robo you nre under arrest . jone on ? what ' 's the charge ? robo aid and abetting a know felon . jone sound like I be in @ lot of trouble ... you better take I in . robo reach for he handcuffs and freeze . robovision ~—- the prime directive pump up the screen : directive 1 : protect and serve the public trust . directive 2 : uphold . directive 3:1 cclassified ? directive 3 be flash . beep-beep-beep ... and now it be reveal : directive 3 ocp product id # 943054-sc jone what 's the matter , officer ? 4/70 ocp product shall not act against 71 320 321 322 323 324 ocp 's best interest / // a ocp product ghall act against any senior ocp Officer / / / a ocpe product shall not ... robo 's knee buckle . his arm go limp . the handcuffs fall on the gesk . he struggle against he own fail body . jone lean foreward , interested . jone i°1l tell you what 's the matter . it 's # little insurance policy call directive 3 ... my little contribution to you psychological profile . any attempt to arrest a senior officer of cmi result in shutdown .... robovision directive 3 continue to flash as the system by system shutdown continue . a frenzy of warning light and a blur of data as we collapse . now video break up distort we vision . Jones stand , look down . jone what do you think ? that you be a ordinary policeman ? you be we product ... and we can not very well have we product turn against we , can we ? robo struggle drunkenly for he gun , pull it clear of the holster and then drop it . .. jone abhh ... there 's still a little fight leave in you . maybe you would like to meet a friend of mine .... Jones press a switch and the light come on . ed 209 stand behind Jones . he cock both arm into fire position and move around the desk toward robo . jone T have to kill Bob Morton because he 72 325 326 327 328 329 330 331 333 make a mistake ... now it 's time to erase the mistake . ed 209 you be trespasp on private property ... int jone 's office ~— reception area robo be blow through the door and slam into a desk by the impact of ed 209 's bullet . close on robo his visor be crack and beneath it we see a human eye blink . ed 209 lumber foreward , loom . he swing one of he cannon muzzle like a club . thwack ! int hallway -- robo crash through the double door and hit the opposite Wall hard enough to dent it . he shake he head as ed 209 walk foreward through the splinter double door , raise the cannon muzzle like a executioner and bring it withing inch of robo 's face . ed 209 I be now authorize to use deadly force . robo slam he fist against the cannon muzzle as hard as he can , deflect it as ed 209 fire . ed 209 blow he own arm off . he examine the smoking stump . robo struggle to he fest , hold he head , barely able to stand . he stagger down the hall . ed 209 pivot , leveling he remain cannon arm , and fire a 334 336 337 338 339 340 341 small smart rocket from the launch tube next to the machine gun port . . robo look over he shoulder and see what 's come . the smart rocket streak down the hallway toward robo , he dodge around a corner . the rocket follow . robo hit the ground and the rocket overshoot he . ext ocp tower -— night a fireball consume a bank of window on the 112th floor . int dick jone 's office Jones be on the phone . he have to shout to be hear above the gunfire and explosion . jone -.- just put lo. hedgecock on the line ... therem trouble at the tower . int smoke filled hallway ed 209 lumber along , search for robo . suddenly , robo blindside he , knock ed 209 against the wall . ed 209 fire , tracking robo 's retreat and shredd portrait of omnicom 's finest executive that line the wall . robo leap through a door mark stairway . int stairwell robo stagger and fall down the stair , leak fluid . ed 209 enter the stairwell . he pause at the first step . his foot be euch larger than the individual step . he take a tenative step , then another , then teeter foreward , lose he balance and tumble end over end to the next landing and crash through the handrail . now he face the turtle 's dilemaa . he fleil he are and leg , try to flip himself over . frustrate he start shoot . 342 343 344 346 robo stagger down and down and down . gunfire echoe . int hallway Jones poke he head into the decimate corridor . Emma roll she clean cart around the corner . she look at the destruction , then at Jones . Emma this be not gonna get clean up tonight ... int parking garage -- night robo fall through a door mark stair . as he climb to he foot , he be hit by ten spotlight . lt . hedgecock stand in the cover of a swat team van with a bullhorn . cop and twenty fierce assault team officer be in position behind a barricade of turbocruisers . lt . hedgecock ( bullhorn ) prepare to fire ... robo look confuse as weapon be cocked up and down the line . the cop —~ kaplan and ramierez exchange glance . kaplan hey , wait a second ... manson he 's @ cop for Christ 's sake ! lt . hedgecock we have order to destroy it . ( bul lhorn > Fire at will . robo make arun for it as the swat teas open up . the open barrage knock he off he foot . he struggle for cover behind a concrete column as bullet gent he areor . 349 350 351 352 353 354 355 356 357 the swat team have the firepower of a small army . each man be a professional do what he do best . lt . hedgecock aim for he head ! it 's the only way to stop he . robo make a dash for the next column . bullet pound he helmet . he cover he face like a boxer , run until another fusillade knock he down . he stumble , crawl , as bullet chew hole in he armor . the swat team track he with the barrel of they gun , fire constantly . robo reach cover push painfully to he foot against the column . the bullet stop . he brace himself and sprint with the last of he strength . the world explade around he again . he throw himself over a low concrete wall . ext STREET -- parking garage ramp -- night rabo land painfully , armor rag , one leg badly damage . he limp up the ramp to the street . siren # i1l the air . int parking garage -~ lo. hedgecock bark order on the radio as cop jump for they car . ext STREET -- robo stagger , falis and qrab a wall for support . ext parking garage ramp -- turbocruisers leap out into the street like jackal . ext alley —- robo claw he way along the wall . at the end of the alley , a turbocruiser wail around the corner , light flash . robo crash into a row of gerbage can and falis into the street . 359 361 362 364 365 robo raise he head at the approach light . a turbocruiser bear down on he , siren howling , light blind . robo stagger to he foot . the turbocruiser screech to halt and the door fly open . robo blind by the light , barely able to stand . his fist be clench , ready to fight . lew be step out from behind the door , hand empty . lew be : Murphy ... it 's okay . it 's I . Lewis . robo stare , drop he guard . he teeter and Lewis rush to he side to support hia . commercial '' music up : 2 Love Detroit / lot of brass and precussion , firework over the city at night , and three drancer : a woman on rollerskate , a enthusiastic businesman , and a black man wear a lab coat . they sing , too : J love Detroit , it 's the place to be / Business and pleasure / / the sight and the meather / / Detroit 's the place for se / sponsor by the Committee for corporate concern . . media break ~- jess perkin & casey wong happy , bright , successful young people . casey good evening . I be casey Wong with Chris Perkins and this be tonight 's top storey . ( now very serious ) contaminate chlorophyll at the luna industrial plex airfarm result in serious breathe disorder for a estimate 17 % of the population . 367 jess perkin —- the TEXAS clone institute a doctor be read from a prepare statement . several woman weep . jess it be reveal today by doctor at the Texas clone Institute that Hollywood immortal sylvester stallone die yesterday during a unsuccessful brain transplant ... a longtime supporter of bio - engineering , stallone be 97 . 368 commercial 6 animation with happy music : a dapper boy dog sniff the air , follow a scent , tail wag in anticipation . the scent lead we to a pretty girl dog . Boy Dog make bedroom eye at the girl Dog , mount she , and wail away until a new scent drift past he nose . he leave the sirl Dog behind ( she look a little annoyed ) and follow the new scent to a bowl pile high with felix food . '' everything you dog need in just one can . " 369 casey wong behind he a graphic of a police officer in a circle with a line through it ... international symbol for '' no cop . * casey Police Union representitive and omni- com continue negotiation today in in hope of averting a citywide strike by police schedule to begin tomorrow at midnight . we go now live to Justin ballard - wwatkin in lexington . 370 =a turbocruiser roll down a city street . pull back for justin ballard - watkins . super over : live 10:03 . justin they nre on duty tonight , but what about tomorrow ? that 's the question we put to people in the crime - plague lexington be : 371 372 373 374 375 @n irate home-owner hold a hammer . behind he , doard up window . Super over : Peter whitley , home-owner . peter theyre public servant . they have job security ... theyre not suppose to strike . a old hippy bearded , stone , a button that say , '' US out of Mexico . '' Super over : keve rosenberg , shopkeeper . keva the cop be worker like everyone else in society ... they be get a raw deal from management . you know , cop have rights , too ... a pale nun with a beatific smile . Super over : sister theresa platek , St. Gary 's Center . sister theresa crisis be God 's way of search for the truth . and if we seek with he , we discover we own humanity . crisis can be a good thing . it bring people together . video break up : int ocp tower -- day -- hallway clarence boddicker walk a@long the war-torn hallway of the 112th floor , hum tunelessly , wear a garrish Hawaiian shirt . workmen hammer and paint . he come to Jones 's office and walk through the splinter double door . int jone office — —- reception area busine go on despite the destruction . Three secretary , the finest money can buy , answer phone . clarence step up to the prettiest one . her nameplate say " barbara . * clarence hi , Barbara ... listen , I be here to see Dick Jones , but after I '' do talk with Dick I think maybe you would like to play with mine ... I have 7 ? 376 get some free time later on ... maybe you could fit I in . barbara ( ice queen ? he expect you , mr.boddicker . int dick jone 's office Jones sit at he desk look out over the city . he hold the compumap card . the red light pulse on the edge of the screen , still . clarence enter , hum . clarence hey , dicky ~ - boy , some decorator you get around here . clarence make himself at home , dump chunks of cocaine on Jones 's rosewood desk , cram gum in he mouth , crush coke with Jones letter opener , cram coke in he nose . Jones spin around in he chair . jone the , uh , '' police officer " who. be - rest you ... the one you spill you gut to you have to kill he ... you really screw up , you know ... clarence hey , pal , I have come through for you whenever you need a favor ... all I ever ask in return be a guarantee of no jail . he be take I to jail ... jone he 's a cyborg , you idiot . he be - cord every word you say ... his memory be admissable as evidence ... you involved I ... you may have damage I ... clarence well , listen chief , you want dead cop so you could sell you robot ... now I gotta deal with the fuckin’ thing . I do not have time for this bullshit ... jone now hold on ... I do not say it wouldnt be worth you while . Delta City begin construction in two month . two million worker live in trailer ... many of they will 377 378 379 380 362 become city resident ... drug , gambling , prostitution ... virgin territory for the man who know how to open up new market ... one man could control it all ... you . Jones toss the compummap card on the desk top . clarence take two deliberate hit of crack . clarence well , I guess we be gonna be friend afterall , Dick . you get access to military weaponry ? jone of course ... we practically be the military . clarence pick up the compumap Card . the compumap card with its pulsing red dot . ext industrial ruins — day Lewis pull up in a turbocruiser . what be once a massive auto assembly complex be now a crumble ruin . she drive through ea three - story high door into the dark interior . int turbocruiser Lewis maneuver between pile of rubble . on the seat next she be two case of baby food , spinach and strained beef . int factory space a empty space the size of three football field . the wall be tumble down and most of the ceiling have collapse . the turbocruiser wind its way across the floor . int turbocruiser ~- lewis drive carefully . up ahead , robo sit on the open floor hamamer on he damage right leg . the turbocruiser pull up and Lewis get out with the baby food and a leather satchel . the sound of hammer echoe . 383 robo 384 385 3b6 387 have stripped off some of the outer armor plate and expose comlex inner working . we see flexible steel '' muscle '' at work as he hammer at a twisted plate , pull it back from the damage leg . Lewis drop the satchel near he . clank . robo stop work and dig into the satchel . his helmet be badly damage ... the human eye take Lewis in . lew be I be not sure what you need ... I sort of grab thing . robo take several sophisticated hand tool out of the satchel , then a small cordless power rachet . robo thanks . he fit a bit on the power rachet and shove it up under the lip of he helmet near he temple . zzzttt ! a two -inch machine bolt screw out of he head at a angle and fall to the floor . now he apply the rachet to the other side . zzzttt ! now he grab he helmet and lift . robo you may not like what you be go to see . lew be watch . she step closer , curious but epprehensi have . the helmet hit the floor and teeter . lewis move closer , intrigue . she look around and pick up a shiney scrap of metal . Lewis hey , you be not bad look , Murphy . she hold the scrap of metal . this be the first time we see robo 's face . it distort in the makeshift mirror . close on robo 's eye Murphy 's eye , but fleck with tiny glow LED 's in red , blue and yellow . . 388 389 390 3971 392 robo study he new face . it be a @legant blend of flesh and steel . two recess organic access plate have be install on he forehead . what 's leave of he hair be a haphazard scrub that end abruptly in ribbed titanium just past the crown of he skull . he touch the back of he head , feel the metal in the place he take clarence 's final fatal shot with distaste . lewis watch with compassion . she reach out to touch the flesh part of he face . Lewis it 's really good to see you again . robo knock she hand away . his leave hand be badly mangle . robo Murphy have a wife and son . wheat happen to they ? robovision —~ lewis hesitates , move closer , try to find the right word . lewis after the ... funeral she move away . robo where do they go ? Lewis she sign on with mooncorp . I be not sure if you remember ... she 's get a sister live at the luna industrial plex . she think you be dead . a , Murphy , I be sorry ... robo absorb this . he go back to work on he leg . robo they would not know I as I be now . I feel they ... but I can not remember they . reconcilliation would cause needless trauma . 393 394 395 396 397 398 Lewis reach out to help , but robo wave she away . robo leave I alone . she back away , confuse and a little hurt . int industrial ruins -~ night -— - @ FIRE burn . robo work on he leg with a torch . he toss baby faod back , half a jar at a time as heat a bent steel '' fibula '' until it be red hot . he throw the empty jar aside and it break off somehwere in the dark . tink ! now he pound the metal back into place with a hammer . he stand , carefully , testing the smoking leg . he grab another jar of baby food and open it , wating as he walk past the turbocruiser where Lewis sleep behind the wheel despite the crackle and cop chatter come over the comlink . he bend down and open the leather satchel with he free hand . inside the satchel @ new Auto -9 gleam with oil in the pale moonlight . robo take it out , give it a little spin to check the balance , and shove it in he holster . he head back to the fire , toss aside another empty babyfood jar . tink ! he grab another jar open it , and stand look out over the break wall at the throbbing city skyline . robovision -- the omnicon tower spike high in the sky under a full moon . Command . graphic : prime directive . they chug up the screen over the Tower . directive 1 : protect and serve the public trust . directive 2 : uphold the law directive 3 : cmi product id # 943054-ec directive 3 begin to flash . now we look up at the moon . the directive disappear , and the moon hang huge in the sky , pull at we . 399 400 401 402 403 404 int turbocruiser — —- lewis sleep in the cramped cockpit . Blue light from the vu screen flicker across she face . a gunshot wake she . a moment later tink ! she jump out of the car and see robo stand among the break wall under the moon . he knock back another jar of baby food and toss it high in the air , tracking it and fire . a moment later , tink ! he have miss again . he holster the gun , grab @ full jar and open it . lewis walk up , nervous , unsure . outside somewhere a burglar alarm go off . then two more . they exchange meaningful glance ... somewhere there be crime happen . robo my target grid be out of alignment . lewis 1°11 help you if you let I ... robo thanks , partner . she grab three jar of babyfood . she put each one at a different level on a crumble wall . she point at the first jar . robovision Command graphic : targeting . the target grid be spacially askew . we be point the aute -9 twenty degree to leave of target . Lewis walk up , smile , and redirect the gun . now she move behind we . Lewis jeans in close , stand on she tip toe to sight along he arm . her head touch he . lew be that 's dead on as far as I can tell . robovision Command graphic : targeting . the two grid merge and lock on the jar of baby food . Command graphic : recalibration . we fire and hit the jar . we move to the 405 406 407 408 409 410 411 next jar . the target grid follow suit . outside , alaras be now ringing all over the city . lewis sight along he arm again , make a tiny adjustaent . lew be I guess we be on strike ... robo look across at the omnicom Tower . robo the Law do not go on strike . he fire , break the second jar , track and hit the third . lewis smile enigmatical ly , grab three more jar and toss they one after another . three baby food jar cute baby laugh on the label , be splatter by three quick shot as they arc past the moon . ext STREET with shop -- night emil lean against a wall next to the display window of a appliance discount house , smoking . the white van be nearby . alarm be ringing close by . he look at he watch . he look up as a car roar by ... almost out of control . emil throw he cigarette after it . he look at he watch again . he 's very bored . he look around , then shatter the display window with a roundhouse kick . the alarm go off . emil grab a radio and turn it on . hot funk music : '' suck it up until you can not feel it ...%. he 's happy now . clarence 's 6000 sux pull up across the street . the windshield be spiderwebbed , the steering wheel be in piece and the dash be cave in . clarence ane Leon get out . clarence be wear a heavy flak jacket . Three grenade hang on he chest . Leon 's jaw be wire shut . emil show off he prison shirt , laugh . 412 413 414 415 416 417 emmil hey , man , they let I keep the shirt . clarence break out the crack , welcoming he boy back . joe butterfly bandage across he nose , pull up in a immaculate black 6000 sux . it 's identical to clarence 's only nicer . emil sux ... Nice wheel , dude . joe found it in the prison parkinglot . ( proudly ? ) still have the factory sticker . leon ( pointedly ) hey , clarence , Joe 's get a car just like yours . clarence smile , open the trunk of he own sux . Inside be four bulky but lethal look rifle ... 20 mm cobra assault cannon with video target sight . clarence grab one , cock it , and fire at Joe 's new car . the immaculate 6000 sux thunk ! a 20 mm hole appear in the side panel , then boom ! the front end of the car be blow away . the 6000 sux lurch foreward like a dead horse . clarence Nice car , Joe . joe be devastate . clarence throw he the smoking cobra , then pass they out to Leon and eail . emmil drool over this major piece of hardware . he fire three time into the appliance store from the hip . the appliance store be rock by three explosion . toaster and tv 's be blow into the street ... this be a @essy weapon . 418 419 420 emil I like it . Joe fire a round at a tire hydrant . Water spout 30 foot in the air . Joe giggle , the loss of he sux completely forget . emil and Joe start shoot up the street . clarence show Leon the compumap card . the red dot be pulse , still . clarence he 's in the factory district . leon ( heft he cobra ) cool gun , man , but what an the deal ? Charity work be not you style ... clarence Delta City ... we be in on the ground floor of the future . there 's gonna be racket just like in any other city only in Delta City , we will run ‘em leon like 1 always say . good business be where you find it . Leon cock he cobra . joe and emil approach a pet store window , they cobras levele and smoking . in the window , a puppy paw at the window , tail wag , yapping . joe aw , lookit the puppy ... emil and Joe exchange evil glance . Joe raise he gun . clarence hey , he 's on the move ! stop waste ammo and let 's go . the STREET look like beruit . the sux and the van roar away , tire smoking . suddenly the van screech to a halt in front of the pet store . 421 422 423 424 425 426 427 int van -— joe leer at emil and tip the barrel of he cobra out the window . the pet store and the van Joe fire twice , and the pet store explode , ba - boom ! int turbocruiser -- night —- drive through a embattle shopping district . Lewis drive , robo ride . outside the world be come apart at the seam . robovision we pass a car , upside gown , on fire . looters smash store window with pipe , grab merchandise . a @ob throw a bus stop bench through the front door of a liquor store . someone yell , '' hey everybody ... drink on the house ! " lewis brake suddenly . Three looter run across the street . one carry a tv , another struggle . with a twisted bundle of fur coat , and the third man shoulder a hind quarter of beef . : across the STREET -- lee' sporting good looter have smashed the window and be come out with tennis racket , skis and lot of gun . the chinese owner , lee , appear from inside with he own gun , hystericel . lee stop ! stop ! come back tomorrow . Big sale ! ike bender redneck and proud of it , step through the break door with a deer rifle and shoot Lee in the leg . . ike I be busy tomorrow , slope . he fire carelessly , kick up pavement near Lee . it 's @ rowdy crowd . they start shoot off gun like kid with fire cracker . Lee cringe . 428 429 430 431 432 433 434 int turbocruiser -- robo set he jaw . Lewis be grim . robo open the door and get out . Lewis what be you go to do ? robo a mob have no gut . lewis think for a moment , then twist she own shield off , hit the light , grab a riot gun and get out of the car . ext STREET -~ robo walk toward the sport goods store , draw he Auto - 9 , lewis take aim across the roof of the turbocruiser . robo raise the Auto -9 over he head and fire three time . robo alright , citizen . Party 's over . Drop you weapon . the looters many be armed , other hold tv set , scuba equipment , chrome racing wheel , someone bounce @ basketball . ike Bender , nobody 's fool , step foreward and chamber a round . ike hey , there 's thirty of we and only two of you ... looters yeah ... he 's right ... whad ’ya gonna do about it ...? robo fire . ike take a bullet in the shoulder and go down . the deer rifle clatter to the pavement . robo fire four time . 435 436 437 438 439 440 441 442 443 the deer rifle skate and twist as bullet pound it . the crowd qasp . several people drop they gun immediately . the man with the basketball let it go ... it bounce away . robo any more question ? lewis cover she partner from behind the turbocruiser . she look up as the white van pull up to the curb down the block . . lewis wonder where she 's see this van before . robo stare the mob down . a drunk from the recently loot liquor store stagger up hold a bottle . drunk hey ... you shot he ! robo ( Public address mode ) go back to you home ! lock our door , and stay there ! do it now ! ( then , to the drunk ) you got a problem , mister ? the drunk stagger back , drop he bottle . lewis watch the van . now a door open and Joe step out with one of the massive cobra acs . lewis Murphy ! head up ! joe open fire . 91 444 445 446 447 448 449 450 451 4352 the looters dive for cover as explosive round tear up the street . explosion send loocter fly through the air . now the looter be in a true panic , scream , run , head for home . a explode round flip a manhole cover like a coin . ike bender struggle to he foot . the manhole cover flatten he . robo return fire , run for the turbocruiser . a shell miss robo and hit a steel lightpole a 20 mm twist bullet imbed itself in the pole and burrow in . € a@ moment later it explode , shatter the lightpole like shrapnel . robo drop to one knee , daze . Lewis jump in the turbocruiser and gun it into a tire burn turn . she drive expertly , use she free hand to fire the shotgun at Joe through the passenger window . joe duck for cover behind the van door . he bring the cobra back up and return fire . the turbocruiser stop and robo jump in . a round explode near the car , blast out the windshield . Lewis , face cut , hit the gas . int turbocruiser Lewis punch it then stop hard to avoid hit several panicked looter . she swerve right , then leave , dodging looter and explosion . robo snap a spend clip out of he Auto - 9 . he 's bleed from a gash in he cheek . Lewis wipe blood out of she eye . 4353 454 455 456 457 458 459 460 461 lewis hey , Murphy , you be bleed ... what the hell be that ? robo cobra assualt cannon ... build by omni- con for the army . ext STREET -- the sux leap out of a ally and clip the front end of the turbocruiser . the turbocruiser spin like a pinwheel . int turbocruiser -- lewis fight the wheel . she throw the car into reverse . ext STREET the turbocruiser howl as it hit high speed in reve . Metal hit pavement and plow a wake of spark . the sux come on fast . int turbocruiser -- lewis drive , look over she shoulder . robo pound a fresh clip into he gun . robovision -- the sux bear down . Leon be drive and clarence be hoist a cobra out the side window . Command graphic : targeting . robo open fire . ext sux clarence and Leon duck as the windshield spiderweb and fall away under fire . int turbocruiser -—- lewis see the white van slide to a stop in the intersection ahead . Joe jump out , draw a bead . a sign flash by : right turn only . ext street -- the turbocruiser whip into a narrow alley . the sux wail past the mouth of the alley . Lewis blast down the alley in reverse . 462 463 464 465 466 467 468 int turbocruiser —- robo turn to Lewis as she spin the car through a bootleg turn at the outlet of the alley and kick in the afterburner . ext street -- night the front of the turbocruiser be buck and drag in a rooster tail of spark . coming up from behind the white van charge after the turbocrui ser . int van emil let out a little war cry and bounce in he seat . Joe lean he cobra out the side window . int sux -- clarence and leon be blast by 60 mph wind . Leon use he hand to he eye as a shield . clarence put on a pair of sunglass as they overtake the van . clarence signal to emil , shove gum in he mouth and ba ancing he cobra over the dash . ext turbocruiser explosion right and leave . a shell hit the right engine . int turbocruiser -—- robo and lewis be rock by the explosion as the right rear flame out . half the guage on the dash drop simultaneously . Lewis hit the fire control button . she wipe more blood out of she eye . she 's push the car for all its worth . warning tone sound and panel light flash as robo reload he gun again . his last clip . lewis ( comlink ) 1 - Baker ~44 ... officer need assis - tance ... repeat , officer need assistance in Old Detroit ... com ’oan , goddamit , I know you nre out there ... ( then ) we be gonna lose the car . robo look over he shoulder . 469 470 471 472 473 474 475 476 ext street -— — the sux swerve up behind the turbocruiser . clarence fire twice , miss . Lewis power the turbocruiser through a corner and head over a bridge . the bridge the sux fly over the bridge follow by the careen white van . they slam on they brake . int turbocruiser -- a twelve foot fence and gate loom across the street at the end of the alley . Lewis look at robo . he nod . ext ok steel work ~— night —- the turbocruiser hit the fence at 60 + , and the cyclone fence fly apart in several massive section . the turbocruiser spin out in the steelyard . Lewis gun the remain turbine and drive the car through the cavernous door of the foundry building . the sux and the van jump and buck over what remain of the tence . there be sign on the sprung gate ... ok steel work — — - : condemned ... no trespassing ... dog on duty . they pause outside the foundry door . int white van -— ~ joe get out of the van . emil hit the horn . emil . com ‘on man , let 's smoke ‘em ! joe the wreckin 's crew be here . int sux ~~ clarence snarl at emil and Joe as Leon step out of the sux . clarence Inside we stick together . nothin’ fancy . just kill ‘em . int foundry —- night —~ shaft of moonlight cut through hole in the ceiling . the space be huge , damp from the rain , pile with the remain of what be once a thriving steel plant . the white van ghost the sux as it rumble toward a set of door 100 yeard 477 478 479 480 481 482 46s 484 ahead . Joe and Leon walk point in the headlight . everyone 's edgy . Water drip . this be a spooky place . leon struggle with the bulky cobra . somewhere near by a dog growl , then start to bark . int sux -— clarence check the rear view mirror . int van ~~ emil grab for he cigarettes . joe walk backwards , look for something to shoot at . a second dog snarl . Joe turn quickly look . on a heap of slag up ahead , a doberman with a tape ear snarl be join by the first dog , a mangey german shepherd . both dog start to bark . joe fuckin 's dog ... Joe fire a salvo and the dog run for it as smoke and slag dust cloud the air . in the smoke -~ the gang laugh nervously . the dust clear as the gang emerge fram the foundry . emil look up from lighting he cigarette . it droops . ext liquid storage -- robo stand near a cluster of sagging chemical tank . he have he gun out . the moon be high over hia . robo look for I ? the gang hesitates for a moment . emil light he cigarette . Leon look a little scared . clarence get ‘em ... and then he hear the whine of a turbine engine . 96 485 486 487 468 489 490 491 492 493 the turbocruiser charge from behind , Lewis at the wheel . int white van : emil can not believe what he see in the mirror . the turbocruiser ram the van and ram it again , tire digging in . emil pump the brake in a panic . he look back and see that he 's be push . he laok ahead and see a peel yellow storage tank clearly mark danger —~ toxic waste . int turbocruiser -~ lewis kick in the after-burner and then hit the brake hard . the storage tank emil 's van punch into the tank and stop . the rear door blow open and emil be wash out scream in a flood of foam corrosive chemical . he touch he face and it come away in string of flesh . melting emil run blindly through the battle , flail past joe who shoot as he retreat , and smack into Leon . melting emil eeeee ~aaraaaaaaa ! leon aaaaaaaa ! get the fuck away from I ...! Leon race for cover . emil stumble and fall , writhe on the ground . robovision twist bullet whine by . Command graphic : targeting . the target grid flicker over clarence 's face . he duck and hit the gas . robo fire three time as the sux bear down on hia . bullet spark off the hood . the sux clip robo , knock he 97 494 495 496 497 498 499 500 so. across the yard , and head for the for the large building in the steelyard , the press Plant . the turbocruiser roar after it . Joe and Leon scramble for better position , fire at robo he roll to he foot as the ground explode around he , run hard for the cover of the press Plant , turn to fire two well - place shot that make leon and joe duck . they come back up fire but robo have disappear into the press Plant . int the pressing plant -— — the sux swerves and weave between ancient hot roll press and the huge girder that support the ceiling . the turbocruiser shadow its every move . int turbocruiser -- lewis smash into the back of the sux . clarence twist and turn but Lewis pull up beside the sux and grind into it , force clarence toward a roll press . int sux -~ clarence veer away , dodging machinery . he reach across the seat for he cobra as Lewis pull in behind he again . he juggle the big gun , tipping it out the side window . he look up . what he sees ~~ & monster it 's emil , the incredible melting man . he stagger , mouth corrode into a gaping silent scream , arm flail in the air . the sux flatten emil , smashes up against the length of a roll press , and roll . int turbocruiser —- lewis watch the sux crunch into a support girder . she brake to a stop 40 foot away . clarence be slump over the wheel , he head on the horn . his cobra a/ C lie on the ground near the car . robo hear the horn and change direction . sos 504 506 507 508 509 510 si1 312 joe pull himsel '' up on @ catwalk . he look across to leon who climb the last few stair to the glass operation booth suspend high above the Plant floor . he signal across to Joe , point toward the sound of the horn , then smashes the door open with the butt of he cobra . Inside , be dusty console full of switch . Joe lope along the catwalk . the sux smoke and the horn blare . Lewis epproach carefully . she kick the cobra aside , wary of clarence , still slump at the wheel . she open the door . clarence coil back and shoot she three time with he .45 . lewis be knock back violently as bullet tear into she chest , she side and she leg . robo run across the open floor . bank of light go on overhead . up on a catwalk -- joe spot he below . he point and shout . int glass operation booth —~ leon throw breaker switch and the vast space around he be suddenly light . now he smashes one of the huge glass window over the plant floor with the barrel of he cobra . clarence climb stiffly out of the car . he see robo come and make a move for he fall cobra a/c . robo aim and fire . clarence go down . he cough , and get back up again . there 's @ huge dent in the flack jacket . a flatten slug fall to the ground as he take off run . 99 513 514 515 516 518 519 520 521 522 robo aim again . Joe appear behind he on a catwalk and open fire . the ground explode under he and he go down , roll , return fire , stop when he reach lewis her body be rock by the explosion of a twist bullet nearby . robo drag she to cover behind the wreck sux , lift she face close to he . robovision cradle in massive mechanical hand , Lewis have the sweet face of a dead child . we look up to joe who cross from one catwalk to another in a flanking maneuver . in a moment , robo 's position will be expose . robo lay Lewis 's head down gently and break cover . Joe fire to the end of he clip . robovision twist bullet knife by and explode behind we . Command graphic : combat mode . complex schematic analysis of Joe 's position . robo duck for cover behind a steel support girder . Joe 's twist bullet make the girder flex and shake . a video rangef inder scope in on the back of robo 's head behind the girder from high above . int glass control booth -- leon the sniper lie in @ prone fire position with the gun brace across a console and point out the break window . he pull the trigger . the steel pylon -- a twist bullet impact and burrow in three inch from robo 's temple . robo hit the ground as the pylon explode . steel roof and I - beam suppert crash down in a big pile on top of robo . 100 523 524 525 526 527 528 529 joe very excited , very pump up , shout in amazement , wiping he mouth as the dust settles below . leon lean into the heavy cobra , use the range finder to explore the damage . video rangef inder scope past rusted plate , twisted black steel , robo ' 's hand and finally the back of he head . lewis 's hand quiver , flexe , move across she face . she open she eye , everything hurt . she touch the wound under she collarbone . above she , she see Leon lean out of the glass booth . leon I get he . check it out . make sure he 's dead . clarence walk through the rubble of the fall roof , hum , toy with a grenade . clarence hold you fire ! I promise somebody I no take care of this personally . he pull the pin . robo turn he head painfully to see clarence epproach . clarence sayonara , robocop ... he toss the grenade and skip backwards . it bounce through the scrap and land a foot from robo 's face . robo twist in the ste '' qrabbing for the grenade . clarence shocked as robo rise out of the steel scrap hold the grenade and hurl it with calculation towards 101 s30 s31 532 s33 s34 s35 s36 s37 338 s39 joe on the catwalk the grenade brushes over the lip of the catwalk and spin in place three foot from Joe . he turn and run as it explode . the shattered end of the catwalk swing free and Joe tumble down , fall through free space and scream as he land on top of a crumble wall , impale by a spike of rebar . int glass operation booth —~ leon draw a bead on robo . lewis roll over in agony , pull herself to the cobra , grab it , fall on she back , and fire as she pass out . int glass operation booth ~- a twist bullet pound through the floor and burrow into Leon 's chest just below the sternum . he cough , amaze , drop he cobra . the glass booth above the plant floor explode in a shower of glass and carnage . joe hang from the wall . he can see he cobra a few foot below . he grab the spike of rebar and with a great pain effort hoist he body up the spike . then he hear the growl of two angry dog the shepherd leap and take a piece out of he leg . the doberman jump much higher , sink row of sharp tooth between Joe 's leg . the shepherd lunge again . robo turn towards clarence , advance , he gun hold low . clarence back up , pull the pin on he last grenade , lobbing it . fire and the grenade explode in the air near clarence , knock he off he foot . 102 540 541 543 544 clarence scramble backwards on the ground as robo come toward he . robo spin the gun into he holster . clarence back up to a wall . there 's no escape . he break into a grin . clarence okay , man ... I give. up . robo pick he up by the neck , slamm he against the side of the roll press . robo I '' not arrest you anymore . robo cock he fist . clarence see it come . a great fan of blood color the wall . lewis look very small lie on the ground . robo sling the cobra over he shoulder and pick Lewis up , cradling she , walk toward the open door . outside , it 's dawn . she cough , look up at robo , chuckle . lewis hey Murphy ... I be really a wreck ... reed 's gonna be piss ... the shepherd fall in beside they ext steelyard -— dawn ~- two cop car wind into the compound and pull up as robo he carry Lewis past the batter turbocruiser . ramierez , chessman , starkweather and Kaplan jump out of the car , approach robo. Kaplan take Lewis from robo . kaplan Jesus fuck Christ . Murphy ... robo get she to a hospital . robo turn head for the turbocruiser tear and batter , sit in the open bay door . robo get in , fire the remain turbine and race by 103 545 s46 547 548 549 5350 the cop they watch he leave . starkweather Officer down . repeat . Officer down . Central , I need a medivac unit ... ext ok steel work -- morning the rag turbocruiser roar through the gate under the fade ok steel work sign . ext freeway offramp -- day the turbocruiser blast through the twistsd and turn of a complicated freeway interchange past the Delta City sign that remind we : the future have e Silver line . ext hill overlooking CITY — day the turbocruiser drive down into the financial district . dozen of skyscraper sparkle in the morning sun . above they all rise the omnicon Tower . ext omnicon tower -- day the turbocruiser pull up to the curb . across a sculpture garden in the glass lobby of the ocp Tower . robo gun the car , jump the curb and be $ across the sculpture garden , weaving between statue . int ocp tower ~~ board room —- day Jones address the 9 o‘clock staff meeting . the Old man and other familier corporate honchos be present . jone as far as I be concerned they can strike forever . I have get a 209 downstairs guard the building now . by the end of the week we can have more in place all over the city . the old man nodd , think ... ext ocp tower -- lobby entrance -- ed 209 turn at the sound of a approach car . the turbocruiser slow to a stop . ed 209 plod toward the turbecruiser , bring he cannon arm up to fire . ed 209 you vehicle be illegally park on 104 sss 554 556 s57 558 s59 private property . you have fifteen second ... robo step out of the car , bring up the cobra a/c with one hand and fire . ed 209' armor thuk ! a neat 20 mm hole appear , then : ed 209 twist wildly out of control and explode . two disembody robot leg topple to the ground . robo toss aside the cobra , and head for the Tower entrance . he look mad . int ocp tower -- board room -- jone be summing up . jone in the last few day of crisis , this corporation have live up to the quid - ing principal of it 's founder ... ( the Old man beam ) courage ... strength ... conviction ... well , if I have anything to say about it , and ha-ha-ha ... rumor have it I might , we will continue to meet each new challenge with the same agressive attitude ... the double door splinter and robo walk into the room . excutive gasp , terrify . someone grab a phone . robovision -— —- the prime directive Pump up the screen as we scan the room : directive it protect and serve the Public trust . directive 2 : uphold the Law directive 3 : ocp product id@ 943054 -sc directive 3 flash in silent warning . executive oh ... my god! 360 s61 562 this be . a outrage !... Security ...7... Holy shit ! only the Old man retain he composure . he stand . old man how can we help you officer ? robo stand at attention . robo Dick Jones be under suspicion of murder , conspiracy , aid and abetting a know felon ... my program do not allow I to act against a officer of this company . jone this be absurd ... preposterous ! this man be a violent mechanical psychopath want by the police ... old man this be serious charge . do you ha evidence ? rabo flick the terminal strip out of he fist and shove it in a access port on the boardroom table . the overhead monitor rack snap on with a burst of static , then : Dick Jones from a earlier conversation record in he office . jone tt have to kill Bob Morton because he make a mistake ... now it 's time to erase the mistake . executive gasp ... this be really shocking . Jones be stricken . have you cover blow be almost the worst thing that can happen to a corporate Animal . two omnicon security guard fly into the room , gun draw . robo low bridge one and hurl the other foreward against the boardroom tabie . the Guard 's gun skitter across the table . 106 564 565 566 567 568 569 570 jone lunge for the gun and come up fire . executive dive under the table . only the Old man do not move . robo annoyed as two bullet ping off he chest . robo com’on ... jone grab the Old man , put the gun to he head , and use he as a shield . jone I want a chopper ... now . we will walk calmly to the roof . I will board the chopper with my hostage . anyone try to stop I ... the old geezer get it ! the old man turn bright red . old man you be fire , Dick . robovision -- the prime directive @isappear suddenly . the Old man stomp he heel into jon instep and elbow he hard in the gut . Jones gasp , momentarily throw off balance . Command graphic : targeting . robo smile as he draw and fire four shot . jone be knock back toward the window by two shot . the third take out the glass . the fourth hurl he out and he wail for 151 storey . this be probably the worst thing that can happen to a corporate Animal . robo give he autce -9 a spin and side it into he holster . he walk out . 107 s72 573 574 575 576 the old man have a glint in he eye . old man Nice shoot , son . what 's you name ? robo over he shoulder . robo Murphy . media break -— ~ jess perkin over Reporters hassle bixby Snyder and he lawyer as they leave a courtroom . bixby Snyder pull he coat over he head . jess in Hollywood today , bixby Snyder , star of tv 's popular it 's wot my probles / be arraign in superior court on charge that he accept sexual favor from he underage co-star in return for job security . we will be back in a moment . commercial 7 luminescent pink grape qlisten with bead of water in a greenhouse on the moon . the Earth rise in the sky . '' when passion course through the limb of lover , they look to the moon for inspiration ... rouse that passion with industrial Moon colony wine . '' industrial Moon colony wine . a division of mooncorp . casey wong behind he a graphic : aa shiney police badge . casey Detroit get its police force back today . in a surprising turn of event , omincon agree to key demand make by strike police . in a night of widespread looting and lawlessness , there be moment of hervism . Justin ballard - watkin have more on this story at Henry Ford Memorial Hospital . 578 rev . 8/4/86 justin ballard -watekins stand with other reporter in lews 's crowded hospital room . Mayor Gibson sit on a hospital bed have a personal chat with lawis . lawis smile weakly . justin qfficer Anne Lewis . even while on strike she risk she life to the law . Broken bone , shot time ... what a girl . what a ht lewis es ee no ... I like be a cop ... and you know what they say , if you can not stand the heat , get out ef the kitchen . justin back to you , casey . casey wong and jess ferkins wind it down . casey I do not know about you , but I 'il sleep a little bettor tonight ... jess thanks for watch mediabreak . next time you see a cop ... smile . video break up : ext turbocruiser -- night -— title over the turbocruiser prowl through Old Detroit . robo scan the dark street , ever vigilant . somewhere there 's a crime happen . 109