rocky ( puncher 's chance ) ge by sylvester stallone chartoff / winkler production 16/06/2005 property of Revolution studios final draft int . - ring ~ slow motion ( las vega ) ~ black and white the scene arise on a stark graceful visual of two boxer engage in combat ... the dominant fighter , know as mason ' the line 's dixon move in for the kill . his body language be fluid , and box skill be pure precision savagery . in extreme slow motion dixon feint and throw a thunderous blow that crash with devastating result against he opponent 's chin . a surrender towel be toss into the air as the challenger begin a unconscious descent to the canvas , dixon stride to he corner , one victorious fist hold high . the haunt scene begin to melt away as a ascend chorus of boo fill the arena . commentator # 1 ( v.0 . ) ++- this crowd be not hold back its anger over this latest debacle . the screen now transform from black and white into subtle color . commentator # 2 ++- in what have become a all too regular occurrence ~ another inferior opponent render unconscious . a large cup of ice be heave from several row back spraying mason and he entourage . another cup of ice descend into the ring nearly hit a member of dixon 's corner who stand behind the champion brazenly hold the championship belt high over he head . the camera work grow increasingly aggressive , match the flustered crowd 's attitude , commentator # 2 ( cont ' D ) object be be throw into the ring ! cube of ice hit dixon ! commentator # 1 --- another disappoint title defense -— something hit dixon ! a empty Beer bottle descend from high up in the bleacher and crash with lethal impact on the canvas . the twenty or so people in the ring panic , shield they head while frantically scan the crowd . the boo increase . dixon climb through the rope . then he pause . he glare defiantly at the crowd . commentator # 1 ( cont ’d ) the champ mason dixon be leave - this be a horrible scene . dixon want no more ! the crowd be grow more aggressive at this lackluster event . it be just a matter of time before all Hell break loose ! as the credit roll we follow dixon and he entourage out of the arena follow by rabid jeering . over the chorus of insult , the simple scene dissolves to philadelphian waterfront . ext . — CITY - scape - philadelphia ~ dusk Wide view across the delaware river , settling on the work side of the Philadelphia waterfront . we see large freighters laden with cargo while other ship be be tow to mooring . cur to : ext . ~ grave yard ~ dusk travel inland , the camera come to rest on a elevate shot of a large historical graveyard that overlook the river . tombstone rise and fall in ever-undulating grave site . seat on a old fold chair be rocky balboa . several yard away , stare in the opposite direction be pauli . his eye be heavy with grief as he glance back at rocky , who appear to be speak , but not loud enough to be audible , CUT to : rocky the ex-fighter stare at the headstone that read : adrian balboa born MARCH 10 , 1950 - died JUNE 11 , 2002 a fresh display of flowers have be place upon the headstone . CUT to : paulie obviously uncomfortable be there , face he brother - in - law . paulie «» . it ' 's soon gettin’ dark . rocky gesture he be not do ; a moment later , he rise , kiss the headstone and with a sense of emotional weariness , fold he chair and cross to paulie , . rocky ++. time go by too fast . paulte ++- not fast enough . they begin to move off among the grow evening shadow . paulie ( cont ’d ) where 's the kid ? he shoulda be here . rocky ( low ) ~ it 's all right . paulie it be not all right . rocky ++- he get busy . paulie he do not get that ' busy 's rocky ++- let 's not talk about it here , paulie . they walk a short distance - a distant ship horn be hear . rocky ( cont ’d ) ya goin 's tonight ? paulie ( defensively ) I be workin 's - I take ' the tour 's the last three year . rocky c’mon . paulie I get responsibility . rocky just a few hour . paulie -+- lemme think about it . the two man move away in strain silence as rocky take a fleeting glance at adrian 's burial site . ext . - rocky 's neighborhood - nightfall several quick cut of the neighborhood . mix group of youth play basketball under a simple streetlight ... random shot of street activity . ext . — hoagie shop — dusk in front of a window that spell out in neon '' Atomic hoagie shop , '' we see several tough asian youth cluster together . cur to : ext . - the '' rocky 's '' restaurant -— night it 's locate on a fairly commercial STREET in South Philadelphia - a signature red neon sign hang over a simple entrance . we follow a pair of diner as they enter , the diner be greet by a latina hostess / waitress , isabel , approximately thirty year of age . she be seven month pregnant . the camera reveal twenty table . near the door be a modest bar , decorate with sport memorabilia . paint over the room 's largest wall be a bold but aging mural of rocky 's memorable battle with apollo creed . the sepia - toned mural be reminiscent of the famous mural in jack dempsey 's restaurant once locate in time square . isabel the pregnant hostess seat the new arrival . the camera follow she as she enter the kitchen . four man of latin heritage work to service the order . rocky be help cook a pair of tenderloin . rocky 's at a wall phone . he dial . rocry how we doin’ ? isabel okay - except for the freebees . isabel nod towards a couple of well - wear exnfighter seat near the kitchen , have a free dinner . the phone ring and a answering machine click on . ROBERT balboa ~ answering machine ROBERT JR . ( not confident ) hi , no one 's home - please leave you number and I will call you back ... thanks machine voice the mailbox for this number be full . please try again later . rocky exhales , disappointed . hang up . the hostess approach . isabel table six be askin’ for you - they wanna hear a ' story . 's rocky ( dully ) ai not they hear ‘em all ? hostess ( shrug ) keeps ‘em come back . rocky remove he wear blazer from a hook . the blazer be the industrial quality . rocky listen , keep takin’ that olive oil - the kid all be bear very strong . ( exit ) CUT to : dine room rocky sit at a table of six well -intentioned guido from new jersey . rocky ++- I go in like a animal , an’ push he into the corner a unload everything I have - hook , hook , an’ three rights , an’ creed keep bustin’ I back pretty good - then I hear the best sound I have hear in my life - the bell ... the diner laugh . rocky ( cont ’d ) y'know , I be not never be so tired a 's I be tryin' to figure out how to survive the last round , then , yeah , then I hear mickey 's voice come into my ear '' you can go this - get out there and fight this goy hard ya bum ! mlaugh ) CUT to : ext . - modern home ( las vega ) - night it be the residence of world champion , mason dixon ... light emanate from the large window ... downstair 7 member of he posse party hard . the music tear a hole in the night . cuut to : int . ~- home theater alone in the dark room , we see mason dixon seat in a modern armchair look at a large screen . on the screen be the final moment of he last title defense . CUT to : close up —- plasma screen the audience react with disdain . commentator # 1 ( v.0 . ) there 's just no decent competition —~ fan be not go to pay good money to see this one- sided affair anymore ! - it 's a virtual wasteland with dixon , who I believe be a solid fighter , surround by a ocean of nobody ! multiple shot of the audience heaving cup of ice into the ring . dixon appear incense , yet troubled . commentator # 2 - there 's a old say in box . the fortune of the sport ride on the shoulder of the heavyweight champion - the way thing be go , this sport 's face slow and agonizing demise . mason dixon cannot mask he dejection . int . / ext . rocky 's restaurant — ( alley ) ~ night rocky have one foot in the door and the other in the alley as he turn out all the interior light . finally the small neon sign read '' rocky be '' click off . lock up , he depart . ext . - shamrock meat packing company ~ night the loading dock area be completely desert . wooden pallet be stack obtusely against the brick facade . pool of light emanate from bare bulb peek beneath rusted metal shade directly above each loading BAY . a light color three year old ford van be park near the entrance . paulie ( v.0 . ) I tell ya I can not - I get responsibility . rocky ( v.0 . ) C ’mon , we do it every year . int . - shamrock meat house - old gym . rocky and paulie walk beneath a conveyer belt of hook . paulie be garbe in a gray industrial suit . his name be inscribed above he pocket . in the background be a fit , diligent 30 year old , East indian employee name ravi . paulie »« . T can not , rocko . rocky sure ya can . paulie ioca not - ( turn ) hey , ravi , ( unfriendly ) who 's watchin’ the East side ? ravi I check it 15 minute ago . paulie ( annoyed ) ya like movin 's around fast , do not ya ? ravi move off . paulie ( cont ’d ) ( towards ravi ) Wise guy - ( to Rocky ) . do not I say last year be it ? rocky ya do , but I want ya with I . paulie if this place get rob , who 's blame ? me. rocky coupla hour - it 's good talkin’ about the old day . paulie sometimes talkin’ the ‘old day 's stuff 's be not so good -— ( glance back at ravi ) y'know , it 's gettin’ depressin’ . rocky what be ? paulie ( gesture toward ravi ) I be here almost thirty friggin’ year an’ they be groomin’ a goofy guy who grow up scrubbin’ elephant to take my job . ( Rocky begin to object ) so what 's the problem ? ya do not like bein’ alone ? rocky what ? paulie you hear ... rocky see ya around . rocky shake he head in disappointment and start to move off . paulie feel a slight pang of guilt . paulie yo ... a couple hour , that 's it . ext. / int . — old gym ~ night - ( las vega ) dixon's black s.u.v. with 22 inch rim pull up . he enter . it 's fairly late and a few hopeless old timer listlessly train . mason walk up to a old Black trainer name martin . he be hold a cane . mason you be always here , be not ya ? old martin stiffly face dixon . martin ++- how you doin’ young man ? int . - gym the two man sit alone on a well - wear set of wooden bleacher ... in the background a older fighter hit a heavy bag . 10 . martin if money 's not doin 's it for ya , what be ? - ' Cause ya know all they people around you be there ' cause of the money , when that 's go , they go too - you knowin’ what ya need since you be ten , since ya walk yourseif in here alone . mason just wanna feel good - be proud about somethin’ . martin ++- you go along with other people 's thinkin 's ~- who 's fault be it ? reapin 's what you sow . once people make up they mind about what a man be , usually be not never change that , no , but changin’ the way ya thinkin’ about yaself ~- ai not never too late for that . mason ( confuse ) but why I gotta care ? ~ I get everythin 's why I gotta care ? martin Cause ya get everythin’ money can buy - ' cept what it can not ~ why the hell you care ? man without pride what ya get ? - that 's what get you ass outta here , dosin ' it brung it on back . they people ' round you do too good a job protectin’ they meal ticket , know what I '' sayin 's ? livin 's '' easy '' , for some man who do not give a damn , that 's good , that be okay , people like you , they gotta pull themselves wide open an’ see what 's livin’ inside . mason that be not never happenin 's - there 's no one out there . i2 . martin maybe not , but if that damn time do come , ya find somethin’ standin’ in front of you , somethin’ that be not runnin’ , ain not backin ' up , hittin’ on you when you be too damn tired to breathe , you find that situation comin’ on ya , that 's good , ' cause that 's the only time people gonna know what they really make of be when they gettin’ hurt , when they scared - they get through it , then they gonna get the only kinda respect that matter in this damn world , self respect . they embrace and mason leave . ext . - church - night the well - wear neighborhood church where rocky be marry to adrian . rocky 's car sit across the STREET from the structure . int . - rocky 's van — night rocky stare at the building . paulie stare straight ahead . rocky whatta day . ( after a pause ) I be more nervous that day than any day that I ever have . this be torturous for paulie . paulie what 's next ? ext . - pet shop ~ night rocky be park in front of the defunct pet shop . paulie sit in the car . rocky place be not change from last year . paulie what be that ? a good thing ? 12 . rocky look through the filthy and board - up window . he step back . he eye the familiar structure with a AIR of sentimentality . flashback : through rocky ' S eye we see he flirt with adrian who stand shyly behind a bird cage . rocky everyday I use to try to find she somethin’ interestin’ like a joke I hear somewhere - they be not so funny , but I talk louder , so they sound funny . paulie -.- we do ? lose in think - rocky look across the STREET . he gaze at the terribly weathered sign above " mickey 's gym . '' rocky ( softly ) +-- how ya doin 's , Mick ? the door and the window be seal up with sheet of painted aluminum . rocky ( cont 'd ) that sign 's fallin’ apart . paulie World 's fallin’ apart ~ look at we — rocky ( tap he temple ) c'mon - do not talk crazy ~ ya know , ya live some place long enough , you be that place . paulie T be not no chunky buildin’ ~ C ’mon , it 's gettin’ late . rocky +-. one more stop . exasperate , paulie sigh heavily and follow he friend . ext . - ice skating rink ~ night the camera settles on rocky and paulie stand in front of a levele pile of rubble nearly half a block long . i3 . paulie Ice be stupid . people standin’ on ice be more stupid . rocky +-- c’mon paulie ( almost to himself ) I be glad they tore this place down . rocky ( step on to the rubble ) y'know , the first time I walk ya sister over this ice , we be over here ( point ) - she be nervous - I be not so great on the blade neither . cur to : flashback : rocky and adrian be see skate on they first date - adrian slip and rocky keep she upright . rocky ( v.0 . ) ( point ) over there , when she be fallin 's I catch she over there - when my hand grab she arm when she be fallin’ there be this kinda buzz ~ even through she coat I feel that . paulie ++- ya say that last year . phone ring ~ paulie answer . he self - consciously turn away from rocky . paulie ( cont ’d ) yeah - Fine -~ it be gonna call ya in a hour - yeah , call ya back . ( hang up ) my sweetie give I a phone ~ nice ? rocky ( still lose in think ) ».- yeah . 14 . paulie c’mon , rocko . rocky in a minute . paulie why another minute ? rocky just a minute , alright ? paulie we be do - ( gesture ) there 's no place to sit down around here . rocky it 's all right . paulie ( louder ) it 's not all right ! - it 's depressin’ an’ friggin’ cold ! rocky what 's the matter with you ? paulie I ? it 's you ! ya backwards ! Change the channel from yesterday ! yesterday be not so great ! rocky to I it be . paulie yeah , maybe not to I ! I do not need to be thinkin’ about all this no more . rocky it 's alright , paulie . paulie no , it be not alright ! you treat she good ! you have the good time . I treat she bad ! ya can not change this ! rocky -+- she love you . 15 . paulie ( choke ) I can not do this no more . paulie move off in the opposite direction — rocky watch he shrink in the distance ~ rocky lower he eye and stare wistfully over the rubble . ext . - rocky 's house ~ pre - dawn - back yard ( score - montage ) garbe in a old sweat suit , rocky be see exercise in a makeshift maze of pipe and pole that resemble a giant jungle gym . his tiny backyard be quite a contrast to the mundane yard that surround he . int . - paulie 's room — morning exiting the kitchen , he pass paulie 's room . paulie be asleep with a dark scarf tie around he eye . the television be still on . rocky quietly enter and turn it off . a bottle of four rose whiskey sit on the table . CUT to : int . - rocky 's kitchen — morning rocky finish cooking oatmeal for paulie which he cover and place on the table next to a glass of orange juice . as a afterthought he punch idly in the air . he open the refrigerator and remove a pair of egg that he crack into a coffee cup . he try unsuccessfully to down they . he pour the remainder down the sink and exit . CUT to : ext . - produce market — early morning the same market that be once part of rocky 's glory day have change . drastically . the italian have be replace with nearly all asian . rocky stand with he reading glass on , place a order with a vietnamese vendor who deal in cheese . CUT to : 16 . ext . - vegetable section - early morning rocky have place a order with a Korean vendor and be presently load he van with several crate of lettuce , celery and eggplant . CUT to : ext . - fish vendor rocky be see load several crate of ice- pack fish into he van . CUT to : int . — fruit section rocky stand with one of the last remain italian vendor , who be somewhere between 75 and 150 year old . the stoop old man toss rocky a orange and it fall short . the old man 's embarrassed . rocky ( in italian ) ya throwin 's in to a wind . old italian ( in italian ) +.- must be . the old man smile as rocky move away . ext . — tomilson corp . - morning we gaze upon the modern exterior of a tower building jutting out against the Philadelphia skyline . int . ~- tomilson corp . ~ morning we be in the lobby as we see a upscale young executive and secretary enter through the large door prepare to begin another workday . rocky stand off to the side politely signing autograph for a heavyset Black woman and a middle age white man . through the glass facade , ROBERT JR . be see enter the building . he be the complete contrast to he father . slightly smaller than he father , he body language do not convey a sense of confidence . 17 . his clothing be business attire , but simple , like someone who accept just blend in . his face be attractive , not stun . he be somewhat low in spirit , but try to constantly mask it ... ROBERT JR be confront by a senior executive ( 30' ) who appear to be verbally berate he . ROBERT JR 's gesture make it evident he be attempt to protest , but be best by the executive , who point a angry finger in the young man 's face and exit . rocky have take all this in . rocky yo , Robert ~ at first , ROBERT JR . appear embarrassed then compose himself . rocky approach . ROBERT JR . you have kinda catch I off guard . rocky I want to catch you before you get busy ROBERT JR . yeah - get busy up there . rocky all that stuff goin 's on up there - I would get a headache . how ya doin 's ? ( study he ) ROBERT JR . -+-- Real good. rocky ... yeah ? ROBERT JR . yeah , real good . rocky hopin 's to see ya yesterday . ROBERT jr. ( sincerely ) I be sorry about yesterday ~ I go in early this morning . we have a issue come up . mid-cap merger , they keep we late . people wave as they walk by . rocky politely acknowledges . this be not lose on ROBERT JR 18 . rocky get time for a coffee or somethin’ ? ROBERT JR . I be kinda behind . maybe later . rocky ( ili at ease ) yeah , wanna come by the restaurant tonight . ROBERT ur . I would , but I have make some plan - a few of the guy get together - ¥’know rocky yeah , friend be good - ( sheepishly ) ++- do I do something ? ROBERT JR . what do you mean ? rocky when I come around you do not look so comfortable . several people pass by and wave to the local celebrity as they head to the elevator . rocky return the gesture . ROBERT JR . y¥ ’know , you throw a big shadow . rocky what 's that mean ? ROBERT JR . it 's nothing - I better get move . call ya later ? mr . tomilson ( 60 ) the head c.e.0 . and founder appear , head towards rocky and he son . ROBERT get red-faced . tomilson ( teasingly ) you all get nothing do down here , Robert - if you will not introduce I , I will - ( extend he hand ) hi I be William tomilson . you son have the misfortune of work for I . rocky how ya doin 's ? Nice building . ig . ROBERT JR . he 's kid it 's a great job . tomilson I have tell you Robert I have want to meet you 20 time but I guess you have be too busy , which be not a bad thing , be it ? so we finally we meet - great memory . good fight . rocky thanks . tomilson you son 's do a pretty good job . hangin 's in there ~ Nice finally meeting you face to face . they shake hand and tomilson move off . rocky good grip - ROBERT JR . ( ill at ease ) I better take off - I will try to change some thing and we can have dinner tonight - that all right ? rocky absolutely - see ya tonight . ROBERT JR . smile and start to move off in the direction of he boss . rocky 's about to leave when we see from robert p.0.v . a pair of young business executive ask rocky for a photo . one of the man take rocky 's fist and hold it under he chin as the picture be take , cur to : int restaurant - night outside the modest restaurant a light rain begin to fall . the door open up and a pair of customer exit . 20 . int . - rocky's restaurant - night rocky be see in the distance tell a table of four tourist a ' story 's . the pregnant hostess come up to he as he complete the story . isabel ++- you son say he can not make it . Said he will take a ' rain check 's rocky be crestfallen rocky -+- yeah , it be rainin’ , right ?. ( he move off ) . ext . rockyxs restaurant . night . it be drizzle . the small neon sign '' rocky 's '' go out . cur to : ext . rockyxs restaurant . night . ( alley ) rocky exit and lock up . he cross to the van and pause as he hand grab the handle . he 's lose in think . cuut to : ext . - radio station —~ night mason dixon be situate in the guest 's chair . the black radio talk show host be bespectacled and urbane . l.cc. , mason be manager closely observe . four homeboy pace and hang out in view of the host . host most people think you have the perfect life , fame , wealth , health and obviously you pick of female companionship . do you have the perfect life ? mason »» - some way ' yes , ' some way ' no . 's host what do you need to make it ' perfect ? 's 21 . mason not sure that could ever be . host ( nervous ) since you be at the top of you game thing must be look ' up 's right now . mason from where I be sittin’ , guess that 's what it look like . off to the side we see l.c. , mason 's manager , stiffen . host you have be criticize about not live up to you potential , takin 's the road less travel - easy fight . you comment ? mason +.. only that its true . the host shift uncomfortably under mason 's gaze . CUT to : ext . — lucky 's bar - night the street shine with a dampness and indifference . rocky be park near the entrance of the familiar bar . he exit the vehicle . see 's a person ( 5as ) exite . rocky Andy still here ? int . ~ lucky 's bar - night the cheaply antiquated barroom be sparsely inhabit with no more than 12 world - weary patron . rocky be shaking hand with a pair of griz*le blue- collar worker in they early fifty . as he traverse the room most of the inhabitant now be aware of the neighborhood hero 's arrival and shake he hand . a booth of the four late - twenties STREET trash drinker eye rocky and exchange demean expression . rocky approach at the bar and see andy seat in a wheelchair . he be miss a leg . 22 . rocky yo , Andy - andy think I be seein 's thing - maybe I be seein 's thing ~ how ya doin 's champ ? what ‘’re you , lose or somethin’ ? rocky can not I miss ya ? - andy never think I have see you around here - rocky yeah ... what happen ? andy lose it to diabete - I roll around ' alright - slide over here . andy wheel himself to the far edge of the bar and appear from around the corner . andy ( cont ’d ) T usually stay back there , ' cause I do not want nobody feelin’ bad for I or crap like that . rocky I feel bad for ya . andy hey , it 's one way of losin 's weight , right ? ( uncomfortable , Rocky shrugs} nothin 's change around here , same everythin’ . the STREET trash now gesture towards rocky . a stone 20 woman rise from the booth . andy ( cont ’d ) same comfortable junk . listen , read about ya wife 's passin’ a while back . rocky +»- yeah , ' woman 's cancer . 's andy Nice girl - 23. rocky .. best . high woman ( tap Rocky 's shoulder ) ++- that really he ? that 's you , right ? andy sweetheart we be havin 's a drink here -— high woman ( hug he ) - c'mon - my father say you be pretty good . ya from here , right ? she awkwardly squeeze he arm . the woman make a comical face towards she friend . rocky catch this . high woman ( cont ’d ) ( squeezing ) pretty good . rocky ( uncomfortable ) Nice meetin’ ya . high woman why ya back here ? andy hey , we be talkin’ high woman ( override ) sorry , listen , could ya buy I an’ my friend a round , okay ? we be over there , one round . the woman gesture towards the booth of low life and squeeze rocky 's arm again . he remove she hand . high woman ( cont 'd ) why ya doin 's that ? - why ya pushin’ my hand ? andy Young lush , take it over there or get out . high woman {to Rocky ) yeah ... hey , you be just a person too — no better - ( more ) 24 . high woman ( cont 'd ) 'back up ) no better she coldly eye he , return to the booth . rocky one second they like ya , next second you be a bum . guess that 's gravity workin’ . andy ai not ya glad ya drop in ?. from out of the back room a woman appear . she be heavyset and not overly attractive . her hair have see one too many perm . there 's a sad sweetness about she , like someone who 's make too many wrong choice , and have to live with they . she approach . marie tf ya do not need I anymore , Andy , I be takin 's off . andy I get it from here - see ya tomorrow , Marie . rocky study she face , try to place it . rocky she local ? andy yeah - local . Marie 's she name . rocky do I know she ? andy talkin 's to I or yourself ? rocky +.- I - I hate forgettin’ thing . andy my brain 's mush too . ( Andy wave she over ) - Marie marie remove a coat from a wall hock and approach . 25 . andy ( cont 'd ) you know this bum ? rocky how ya doin 's ? marie yeah . you sorta know my brother , joey . ( no response ) ya walk I home once - Long time ago hundre year . rocky wait - wait - be you lil 's Marie from the Atomic hoagie shop ? from behind the bar , andy start roll forward . marie yeah ~ ya tell ' I ‘to stop smokin’ . rocky do i? marie ( nod ) yeah , long time ago . rocky oh , yeah , an’ after I be tellin’ ya good thing , ya say '' screw you creepo . '' marie you remember that ? rocky good insult last a long time . andy if she know you be gonna be famous she woulda listen better . marie ( distract ) probably , yeah , listen , I gotta go - really good seein 's ya . marie start towards the exit . rocky live far from here ? 26 . marie about eight block from here . rocky it 's still kinda a rough neighborhood . let I give ya a lift . marie ( low ) y‘know , I still smoke rocky +.. yeah ? marie no ... dust kiddin’ . - lucky 's bar - night rocky approach he van with marie . rocky ya workin’ here long ? marie ( shyly ' Bout a year . rocky .». where be ya residin’ before ? marte Atlantic City . rocky Nice ~- you marry ? marie sorta . rocky sorta . marie he take off . rocky poof - just like that ? marie just like that . 276 rocky sorta have any kid ? marie +.. one , rocky I too . the STREET trash group come out of the bar . Three of the group be man . one drop a Beer bottle and they loudly joke about it . the leader of the group be not overly tall , but thick , menace . leader ( spot Rocky ) yo , why do not ya buy we a drink . she be be nice to you ass . what 's up with that ? high woman he want to talk to that ugly bitch . you blind ? rocky ( to Marie ) you should get in . embarrass , marie lower herself into the van . leader yeah , go on , get in , get that pig outta here ! rocky enter the van . the group laugh among themselves ... rocky place the key in the ignition . out of the corner of he eye , he see marie tear up . rocry you alright ? marie .-- yeah . rocky some people get big mouth - marie remain silent . 28. rocky ( cont 'd ) word do not mean nothin’ unless they be true - right ? marie nod . rocky ( cont ’d ) people call I stuff my whole life - I ignore it . he gut tighten . rocky turn the engine off . marie do not get out - it 's alright . rocky -' no , lil 's Marie - it be not alright . in one energize moment , rocky get out , and charge at the leader with unexpected force . leader yo , what 's up !? what 's up ! the leader be slam with a forearm to the chest and pin against a park car . a second man attempt to intercede and be levele with a elbow . the rest back off . we see the alteration from marie' p.0o.v . rocky walk back to the van and enter . marie be stunne , rocky --- they apologize . CUT to : ext . - midscale sport bar - night ROBERT jr. exit and wave good - bye to several office buddy while speed dial he cell phone . cur to : 29 . int . ~ rocky 's restaurant - night a ringing phone be hear in the darken restaurant . curt to : ext . -— STREET - night ROBERT JR . flip be cell phone shut and amble away . ext . - marie 's row house - night still in fishtown , rocky 's van pull towards the curb in front of a old row House . across the street be a medium size 16 year old white kid of irish decent and a taller half -black kid . they be play street basketball under a sagging hoop attach to a lamppost . CUT to : int . ~ van - night rocky pull to the curb . marie thanks for the ride - sorry ' bout everythin’ back there . rocky hey , some people get they head on backwards . ( point ) that ya kid ? she look across the narrow street at the young man play ball . marie -+- yeah ~ wish he would not stay out so late . rocky the last I see ya , ya be a kid , it 's hard to believe ya officially get one of ya own . marie good kid . 30 . rocky observe she sandy - haire son through the windshield . rocky he look like you . similar hair . marie it 's the other one . rocky ( awkward ) ~.- yeah ? marie yeah . rocky ( at a loss ) ++- look like he 's gonna be tall . marie his father be from Jamaica . rocky yeah ? marie ... yeah rocky good beach . rocky ( cont ’d ) neye the kid ) - be he lookin’ like he 's mad at I or be it maybe the angle I be sittin’ at ? marie no , he 's a good kid . rocky what 's he name ? marie ' step 's - short for stevenson . wanna meet he ? rocky ( uncomfortable ) it 's kinda late - get some thing to do . 31 . marie sure ~ thanks again for the ride an’ everythin’ else . rocky yeah - rocky put the van in gear , then pause . rocky ( 0.s.} ) ( cont 'd ) ++. yo . rocky get out of the van and step to the curb . rocky ( cont ’d ) I do not meet ya kid . how ya doin 's ? marie pause for a second to study rocky . step . of ( low ) +.- what 's up ? marie know who this be ? step shrug . rocky I look unfamiliar - do not worry about it . listen , lil 's Marie , ( he fumble around he jacket and give she a card ) I get this little place , y’know , restaurant - maybe if ya in the neighborhood ... with who know ? marie sure - thanks again . rocky settles back in he van and drive off . ext . - rocky 's house - night rocky 's car turn the corner and approach he residence . through the windshield he catch a glimpse of paulie 's 50 - ish girlfriend , betty , exite he front door with several cardboard box . she awkwardly place the BOX of clothes near the car . 32 . betty how ya doin 's ? rocky good - how ya doin 's , Betty ? betty good - paulie give I the key an’ ask I to come over an’ get he stuff . rocky -. why ? betty he want to move in with I . he do not tell ya ? rocky {at a loss ) yeah , he say that . rocky lift a box and place it in she trunk . betty you ‘’re not mad ? rocky ( brave front ) no - I be waitin’ to getta dog - y¥ ’know some people can not handle fur . betty good - so I think I have get everythin 's - if not , I 'il be back in the morning - Nice seein 's you again . rocky nod and she depart . he be crestfallen . - ext . — shamrock meat packing company - night Rocky 's van be parked next to a loading BAY . paulie ( 0.8 . ) can I be honest with ya ? rocky ( 0.8 . ) ya know ya can - we cut into the interior of the slaughter house . rocky and paulie walk along a endless row of meat hook that line the ceiling like gruesome chandelier ... ravi be see sweeping in the backyard . 33 . paulie you house be nice -— rocky - it be not just my house , it 's you 's too . paulie I di not pay nuthin 's - lately the house have get uncomfortable , rocko . rocry how 's that ? paulie lately it 's not a ' happy 's place - lately the place be dark . rocky Dark ? paulie Dark . rocky whatta ya mean ' dark ? 's like personality ' dark , 's ' paint 's dark ; what ? paulie ( soft ) it be not about the ' paint , 's rocko. {to ravi ) we need privacy here ! can ya hear that ? ( ravi take off ) rocky yo , why ya breakin’ this guy chop ? paulie he 's use to it - y’know , I have not have a ' close 's woman , ever . so I be takin’ the advantage . what , I be not allow to have a relationship before I be dead ? anybody try to stop you ? rocky ya happy paulie ? paulie ( gesture at the beef ) happiness come in different cut . 34 . paulie ( cont ’d ) Choice , flank , rump ... yo , we will visit a lot . rocky yeah , give I a call . paulie .-- what 's the number again ? rocky it 's the same number for year . paulie hey , I do not call myself . rocky take a pen out of paulie 's top pocket . rocky get some paper ? paulie extend he hand and turn it over . paulie top side 's dryer . ( Rocky write ) y'know , I be there for ya - we be always like brother . paulie pat rocky 's shoulder . rocky nmove off ) -.- appreciate it . paulie dinner at my place for a change - no charge . the ex-fighter weakly smile and disappear from view . ext . - rocky 's restaurant ~ night the rain beat ceaselessly on the pavement in front of the establishment . int . - rocky 's restaurant - night in the subdued light we see only six customer . two be boxer . one be spider rico , one of rocky 's old opponent . the kitchen employee stand nearly motionless . 35 . two waiter make small talk near the bar . four customer sit with rocky who be tell a well - wear story in he well - wear blazer . one of the listener be a dark haire boy of 18 who sit beside he heavyset father . rocky I do not think I win a point for five round - he punch the you - know - what outta I - I be grabin’ , duckin’ , blockin’ , but he keep comin 's - everything he throw land some place in the face area . he be hammerin’ I up pretty good every time . an’ when I nail he , he nail I . but truthfully you could not miss I , you could throw a punch under both ya leg an’ around ya back an’ hit I square between the lamp ( point to he eye ) so I goin 's the distance be a miracle of sort . yeah , creed 's gotta go down in my book as one of the all - time great . ( rise ) father picture with the kid , rock ? that alright ? rocky smile at the young man who somewhat resemble he son . rocky grab he fist and place it under he chin . rocky ++. make ya look more hazardous . they both smile and rocky rise . isabel come over and gesture towards kitchen . hostess spider 's in the kitchen . rocky walk over to he . he 's wash dish . rocky yo , spider — spider lemme do some dish - I nil feel better . rocky {takes the dish rag ) C ’mon , you be my guest . spider then let I do somethin’ . 36 . ' rocky keep chewin‘ , do that . he lead spider out . the pipe - in music be drown out by the sound of cascade rain . marie and her son enter . marie retract a SMALL umbrella . rocky appear completely catch off guard by the new arrival . rocky ( cont ’d ) hey - ya keep the card . marie yeah - I keep the card - rocky good , how ya doin 's , step ? viene step ».- alright . rocky picked a bad night to show up , lil 's Marie . marie it 's my only night off - ( eye the mural ) Nice paintin 's - Nice place . Nice be not it ? step sullenly nod - rocky smile . rocky it 's toco ol 's fashioned for he - here , sit wherever ya want - hungry ? marie a little - you cook ? rocky ( shrug ) no , I do not mess with the pan . whatta ya feel like eatin’ , step ? step get what I need , step reach into he jacket and pull out bottled water '' : and a mcdonald 's burger . 37 . marie sorry ... rocky +.. tough competition . CUT to : ext . - mason 's vega house - night on a light court we see the solitary figure of mason dixon shoot a basketball alone - in the background , he well - light home be see and music be hear emanate from within . int . - e.s.p.n. set -— night two regular commentator be flanke by three writer . behind they be a large curve screen . the overhead light beat down on the congregation . commentator # 1 welcome once again to '' e.s.p.n. 's man vs. Machine . '' who be really the ' best ? 's if two athlete from two different era be to actually compete against one another ? give the same rule , place together at the same age , use the same equipment , who would truly triumph ? int . - mason 's modern home ( vega ) - night five of dixon 's posse be listen to hip hop while shoot pool . the room be full of many arcade video game . behind the man be a large plasma television that one of the posse be channel - surfing through . he stop at a e.s.p.n. show . mason dixon be still image be on the screen . posse member +-- check it out . CUT to : 38. int . - sport bar ~ night ROBERT JR , sit with a group of three friend . this guy be not '' player '' or ' stud 's , just average white collar man . most of the bar 's tvs be show assorted ball game . friend # 1 «+- look at this . the group 's attention be dawn to the e.s.p.n. broadcast . they see a picture of rocky and mason dixon on the screen . ROBERT be caught off guard . friend # 2 ( to bartender ) could you turn that up , please . commentator # 2 this week we will feed we fact into '' the machine '' while field the comment of we illustrious panel of sport writer about who they think would reign supreme . CUT to : ext . — mason dixon home - night mason 's manager , l.c. , step out into the patio and gesture to dixon who 's still shoot basket . l.c . yo , man — curt to : int . — mason 's home - night all present be view e.s.p.n. on the large plasma screen . we see a old film version of Rocky marciano , well past he prime , and a young Muhammad Ali box in a dark make-shift ring . commentator # 1 ( v.0 . ) originally conceive in 1969 , then suspend , Ali be ask to box against the long-retire '' brockton block buster '' marciano . ( more ) 393 . commentator # 1 ( v.o. ) after all the data be feed into the computer a decision would be reach — well , folk , follow along that line , and with the add plus of vastly improve technology , we will attempt to follow along the same line ... on the screen be many computer generate recreation of former great athlete . commentator # 1 ( cont ’d ) this evening , box once again - two contrast style in every conceivable way . the champion and undisputed holder of the heavyweight crown for nearly three and a half year . CUT to : ext . — basketball court - night mason and l.c. view the show on a flat screen locate in a lounge area . the house be see in the background . the computer - generate and shockingly life- like image of rocky and mason flash across the screen . commentator # 1 the controversial mason " the line '' dixon will be pitte against the straight - ahead style of southpaw Philly slugger , Rocky balboa . now let 's go to we virtual arena and the open bell !! as the bell ring , the screen switch to a simulated boxing ring . the visual of mason '' the line '' dixon and a much younger rocky charge across the ring ! mason crash a huge right against rocky 's jaw ... ext . — maria ‘s house - night rocky 's car swing to the curb , marie exit with she arm dladen with food - to - go . step exit also cradling box of food . he prepare to enter the house . marie thanks again . 40 . rocky sure - listen , think step want a job ? make a few extra buck weekend ~ it 's good makin 's ya own money - my kid stashed a few buck . marie lean closer to the car . marie why be you be so nice ? rocky ¥’know , I - ah - do not want ya to think nothin 's off , y ' know ? my wife -— she 's go , but she be not , know what I mean ? marie I be not thinkin’ that . rocky what be ya thinkin’ ? marie - that you do not owe we nothin 's rocky why do you gotta be owin’ somethin’ to get somethin’ ? ... spendin 's time with ya kid would be nice . whatta ya think ? marie that no be good . rocky -». appreciate it . CUT to : int . — mason 's house - night dixon , look melancholy , watch the computer fight wrapping up . it be the last round . the pixilate version of rocky balboa attack he counterpart . the battle continue for another fifteen second . the bell ring . both graphic image freeze . full -screen : beneath freeze image of the fighter be instant computer graphic of the balboa / mason dixon computer battle , such a power punch thrown , jab , knock downs , etc . 41 . commentator # 1 well , gentleman that be a lot of give and take - now let 's hear it from we ' live 's expert . bernie hernandez , Philadelphia Daily News . bernie give the power punch land and the fact dixon 's never be in deep , never face real adversity - balboa win ! int . ~ sport bar - night ROBERT and he group sit transfix . ROBERT be very ill at ease . friend # 1 you ol 's man 's the man ! close - up of screen commentator # 1 what say you , Michael katz - Reuters ? michael balboa 's have the much harder competition . dixon 's get fantastic skill ! Super fast ! but feed easy opponent by he management team , so I call it balboa hand down ! ROBERT 's friend applaud . friend # 2 ( good nature ) what happen to you ? ROBERT JR try to look amused but be sick at heart . cur to : ext . - mason 's house ~ lounge area ~ night dixon be deeply wounded by the lack of respect . his eye be pain . commentator # 1 now what say you , burt sugar , of Ring Magazine ? 42 . burt I agree dixon fight pushover , so who know what he 's make of ? - but each in they prime , factore dixon 's unbelievable speed and slashing offense , he cut balboa to bit . dixon all the way . commentator # 1 well , let 's see what the computer have to say . so let 's have it . a picture of rocky balboa in he fighting prime burst on one half of the screen with statistic on the other . commentator # 1 ( cont 'd ) take the human factor out of it , the computer say , the '' Philly slugger , '' Rocky balboa would be triumphant over reign champion mason dixon in a 15 round decision - there you have it folk ! dixon shake he head in dismay . dixon you believe that ? l.c. Hell with what stranger think . who 's get the money ? ( point to the house ) that be you people , they love you . int . - sport bar ~ night ROBERT 's group applaud and comically point to ROBERT . it be all do in good fun , but ROBERT be very uncomfortable with the attention . one friend hold up he fist . friend I be never mess with you ! commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) +»- well that 's it for this evening - next week 's challenge , basketball - we will pit wilt ' the stilt 's Chamberlain against ' the Big diesel 's shaquille o’neal ~ hope to see you then . cur to : 43. ext . - graveyard - pre-dawn seat on he portable fold chair , rocky sit in front of he wife 's grave . rocky {to headstone ) y'know , the thing be , I know ya go , I go and I visit ya grave but I still expect ya to be waitin’ at home - I never know I could have this kinda thought ~ I think it 's some kind of crazy joke like God be playin’ a 's I be gonna go home an’ the light will come on a 's I will hear this people yellin 's '' surprise '' an’ out step you . that 's never gonna happen but I keep thinkin’ it will ... I try talkin’ to the kid ; we be I think , goin 's in different direction . -~. ' '' y'know I be not do nothin’ right since you leave ... ext . — produce market ~ day rocky and step load stack crate of produce into rocry 's van . both be damp with sweat . step why be not somebody else doin’ the loadin 's - you pay for it , why we doin 's it ? '' rocky make ya head stronger . step what ? rocky make ya head stronger - sometimes I use to stare at this far away street light for nearly half a hour without blinkin 's — or I no be squeezin 's a ball until my hand feel like they be gonna explode - ( lift several more crate ) step why ? 44 , rocky I be trainin’ myself to do thing that be uncomfortable , because I know gettin’ use to be uncomfortable might come in handy some day - like when some sledgemhammer pug be tryin' to flatten part of ya head an’ body . step so , why you tellin’ I this ? rocky jus ' makin 's conversation . step do not need to . rocky then who should I be talkin’ to , seagull ? ( look up ) I be talkin’ to ya ' cause I think ya a nice kid an’ ya get a nice mother . step why you call she lil 's Marie ? rocky ' Cause that 's how I know she . step she be not lil '. rocky whatta ya want I to call she , '' huge ? '' step why not ? rocky yo - do not be goofin’ on ya mother . step she 's my mother . rocky you argue pretty good , do not ya ? - hey , ya ever hear from ya father ? step why ? 45 . rocky curious . him be go bother ya ? step no. rocky sure it do . step --- no it do not . rocky my ‘ol man take it on the arch , an’ it bother I . mother take off too ~ in a different direction . step what ya do ? rocky tt bothere I a lot . still do ~ but whatta ya gonna do ? - Cry every day ? ya take ya lump . step actually seem take by the man 's candor . rocky ( cont 'd ) ya very lucky . ya gotta a mother who love ya and be not quittin’ ya . so listen to what she say , ' cause if ya listen to what they dumb bell idiot on the street say - you will end up doin 's a lotta wrong , like I . step what be you sayin’ . man , you go all the way . rocky it be freak luck . step then gimme freak luck . rocky freak luck 's for sucker . . step 4 worked for you . 46 . rocky hey - forget I ! - waitin 's for freak luck be for dunce , ya gotta go get what ya want a 's if ya get knock down , so what , ya get leg , ya get up a 's if ya do not get up , so what . it 's alright ' cause ya try . who do you wanna be ? the guy on the ground who try somethin’ or the bum standin’ up who do nothin’ ? personally I have like to be the guy on the ground . step think you get it all together ? rocky I di not say that . step then why be you wastin’ my time ? rocky laugh and throw a mock punch at step who smile . he wipe the sweat away on he sleeve . rocky ..- wiseguy . cur to : ext . - animal shelter - day the bland building stand alone . barking can be hear over the exterior . int . ~ animal shelter - day rocky and step walk along a multitude of cage . step ( point at a pit bull ) that 's a good one . rocky he do not look friendly - how ' bout he ? he point to a ugly flat-head mutt . step him ? rocky why not ? a7 . step he 's ugly . rocky ( bend down ) yeah , but it 's a nice ugly . yo - c’mere , Boy , come on . step how ' bout a young one . the dog look barely alive . rocky see , he be not wastin’ energy . step ' Cause he 's dead . rocky there 's mileage leave on this animal - a little good food , bingo - watch out - give ' im a name ? step --- no. rocky yo , what 's a good name ? step it 's you dog . rocky no - it 's a community animal . step I do not know nothin’ ' bout no dog . rocky c’mon - think . step flea bag rocky that 's probably take - somethin’ else step ( stare at Rocky ) punchy . 48. rocky dryly eye step . step do not know if he 's cross the line . rocky '' punchy . '' step ( repentant ) I be just playin 's rocky be ya ? step ++-yeah . rocky +++ T like it . rocky eye the mangy animal and : laugh . step for real ? rocky yeah - very classy , different . yo , punchy - time to hit the road . int . ~ rocky 's restaurant - night we see step near the stove . ' punchy 's sit in the corner . Rocky be feed he piece of cheese as he slip into he old sport blazer . rocky that 's good , kid - keep the spoon movin’ . step continue to churn the risotto as instruct . CUT to : dine room half the room be occupy - paulie enter through the front door and head to the kitchen . he be wear he night watchman 's uniform . paulie rocko ! 49 . rocky yeah ? paultie they be gonna be talkin’ about the fake ' loony tune 's fight . rocky what fight ? paulie ( point ) the ' Fake 's one on television . paulie cross to the small bar and turn on the television . rocky gesture to the 14 people who be dining . also present be two ex- fighter who be also eat . rocky people be eatin 's - paulie ( towards the ex-fighter ) help ‘em digest - I come as a favor . the screen brightens and step approach the bat . paulie ( cont ’d ) ( face Rocky ) who 's the criminal ? rocky ( gesture ) he 's a nice kid . paulie he dress like a bum . rocky what be you , a work of art ? paulie hide the silverware . they all face the television . several customer drift over . a e.s.p.n. broadcast appear . on screen be a actual 41220 eilm feature the real rocky marctano who be nearly 50 year old . he be about to engage in a simulated fight with mohammed ali who be 27 year old . 50 . commentator +.- in the late sixty a simulate fight take place between two legend - Rocky marciano and Mohammed Ali - Ali , unable to fight legitimately for three year for have refuse induction into the armed force , be in need of money and agree to the so-called ' dream Match 's whose outcome would be decide by a computer . on screen we see ali and marciano battle . commentator ( cont ’d ) --- it 's almost thirty - five year since Rocky marciano win the much-dispute computer decision . well , guess what ? not much have change ! now the modern fight between a pixilate version of dixon and balboa 's appear ... the super realistic battle have rocky transfixed ... the two ex - pug drift over . one be spider rico . paulie the owner 's fightin’ . close -up : Television commentator last week , Rocky balboa , win a decisive '' computer decision '' over present - day Champion mason dixon . more of the restaurant crowd come over , commentator ( cont 'd ) ++- but what start out as a simple form of entertainment have become a lightning red for many who feel that the '' old school '' athlete like balboa be better , while dixon 's manager say , like the ali- marciano computer decision in 1970 , which marciano win , the balboa decision , could be nothing more than thinly disguise racism - paulie ( to screen ) get therapy . mason dixon come on the screen . 51 . e mason it 's unfortunate man , but people be in the habit of tryin' to destroy other people . it 's the way the world be - stick ya head above the crowd , people try to cut it off . ai not get nothin’ against the man , he 's be use , like I be be use . spider ya woulda murder he . rocky this be not real , spider . tv cut back to pair of irreverent anchormen . anchor # 1 ( comically ) . so , how do you think balboa - would have do against dixon ? anchor # 2 easy win - personally I think balboa be qverrate . anchor # 2 ( cont 'd ) you know that Rocky own a little restaurant in South Philly . what do you think the speciality be ? anchor # 2 ( cont 'd ) pound chicken . anchor # 1 very good ! I be gonna say cauliflower ear . anchor # 2 {a pix of the eagle come on screen ) early today eagle coach ... paulie that 's it ? that be a waste of my time . Rocky redden as everyone feel he discomfort . paulie turn the tv off . : rocky 4 that be good advertisin '' 52 . paulie yeah ~ ( take a bottle of booze ) pay later . the meathouse call ( exit ) ext . - apartment build - night rocky be park across the street from the mid-income building . a doorman pace inside . several moment later , ROBERT jr. approach . rocky exit and approach . rocky yo , Robert ROBERT JR . ( startle ) what be this ? what nre you doin 's out so late ? rocky I try callin 's - nothin 's be pickin’ up . ROBERT JR . somethin’ wrong ? rocky no ~ I just want to see ya in person . ROBERT JR . wanna come inside ? rocky ( shrug ) Nah - y'know ya mother have good opinion on thing . I be sure you do too . ROBERT JR . sure ... opinion on what ? rocky y'know , the rumor be we only live once . ROBERT JR . yeah , I have hear that . rocky it wanna do somethin’ - ROBERT JR . - like what ? rocky fight . ROBERT JR . ( thunderstruck ) --- you be serious rocky yeah - I think maybe ya wanna get involved . ROBERT JR . involve ? how ? rocky y¥‘know - help I , hang out for support . ai not many of we leave . ROBERT JR . people will think you have lose it . rocky I do not mind . ROBERT JR . you should mind - rocky ~ why ? they be not blood . ROBERT JR . do not you think you be to - old ? rocky yeah , on the outside ~ but the inside work pretty good . ROBERT JR . take a moment and shake he head in disbelief . rocky ( cont 'd ) ~ think ya should ever stop ' try thing 's ' cause ya have a few too many birthdays ? I do not . ROBERT JR . this be not about just ' try thing . 's when you be do you be do . you know that ? 53. 54 , rocky maybe ya stronger some place else . ROBERT JR . please use some '' common sense . '' rocky let 's try . you an’ I . ROBERT JR . why ? it 's wrong . people will think you crazy . rocky what 's crazy with standin’ toe to toe sayin 's '' iam . '' ROBERT JR . that 's just ego talkin’ . time catch up to everybody . rocky especially if you be standin’ still . ROBERT JR . what be you tryin' to prove to other people ? rocky nuthin 's - except for ya mother , I stop thinkin , what other people think a long time ago . yo , think what you think . ROBERT JR . I do ! rocky do ya ? ROBERT JR . you nve get to face reality . it 's a different world now . rocky only the clothes be different - same world . ROBERT JR . what do you want from I ? really ? 55 . rocky nothin 's - I think you might - forget it , it 's alright ROBERT jr. ( touch ) --- whatever it be , whatever you be goin 's through , it will pass - maybe too much time alone be not good . rocky awkwardly glance around . ROBERT hug he father . rocky «+ I know ROBERT JR . call you in the morning . rocky ++- sure . dishearten , rocky move off towards he van , a he son shake he head in frustration and enter the apartment building . int . —- meathouse - night rocky be walk along the hanging beef , then exit the freezer with paulie . ravi be see in the background pick up odd bit of trash . paulie than ya brain 's tellin’ ya a bad joke - nobody 's givin 's you no title shot . rocky I know that . paulie so there 's no mental disturbance ? rocky none I see . paulie ya miss people yellin’ ya name , do not ya ? one time around 's all we get . 56 . rocky maybe yeah , maybe no . paulie ya mad they take down ya statue ? rocky that do not matter . paulie listen , if this be about money , hang a sign around ya neck that say '' punch I ! five doliar ! you will make big money ( sip whiskey ) rocky c’mon , paulie . I get something , I wanna do . i+ paulie what ? ya be not ' peak 's yet ? rocky I dunno - there 's stuff in the basement . paulie '' basement '' ? rocky ( touch he stomach ) in here , there 's stuff that 's gotta get out . paulie what stuff ? rocky just stuff . paulie my basement 's empty . rocky maybe ya lucky - you with I ? paulie I gotta job here . rocky ya hate it . paulie so ? - I hate everythin’ . 57 . rocky you be stayin 's here ? paulie ( sip from a flask ) yeah , among the beef . tell you kid this ? rocky yeah . paulie think you be nut , right ? rocky turn away . paulie ( cont 'd ) hey . nobody believe in ya — welcome to my friggin’ life . rocky start to exit yo , I get some more thing to say . rocky --- that 's okay . paulie its free rocky - that 's okay he disappear around the corner . cuUT to : ext . — lucky 's bar - night rocky be see on the desolate street with marie . the mangy dog , punchy be with he . marie do not you wanna come inside ? rocky the dog need exercise . ya kid do real good today . marie that 's good - so everything 's alright ? 58 , rocky listen , whatta ya think ' bout comin’ over to the restaurant - marie why ? rocky for work ~- the hostess be havin 's a kid . you have do good . marie I do not know - rocky really , you would do good . you would do real good marie I appreciate what you be doin 's for my kid , but I can not ... I gotta get back . rocky y'know , it 's a nicer neighborhood over there - pleasant . marie can we drop it ? rocky what 's botherin’ ya ? marie it 's alright - I gotta get back rocky it 's not alright . marie c'mon - rocky what ? marie I be suppose to be the first person people see when they walk in ? rocky yeah , ya give ‘em menu 's , y'know . it 's not that complicated marie look at I ? 59 . rocky I be . marie you could walk two block from here an‘ find ten better people - one block ! rocky that 's wrong thinkin’ . marie I just will not feel comfortable ~ I can not . rocky give it a try - two week . marie I do not wanna try . ~ rocky yo who put this stuff in ya head ? marie nobody - rocky C ’mon , it do not get in there itself . marie remain silent and start to head back to the bar . rocky ( cont ’d ) y'know , this way you be thinkin’ now , ya gotta forget all that !. so ya do not think ya look good , so what , who 's perfect ? — maybe a couple of freak of nature ? but do ya ever really notice the mug on the people that really do the great thing , the important thing ? ~ it be not never the pretty one , lil 's Marie , it 's the real one . marie really , I can not - rocky an’ if you say '' screw you creepo '' again , I be gonna whack myself so hard , I be gonna go flyin’ over this bridge a 's you 'il be responsible ! 4 : marie finally break a smile and hug he . 60 . rocky ( cont 'd ) yo , get inside before ya catch somethin’ . Marie re-enter the bar . rocky pat the old dog and move away , as he pump he fist skyward , cur to : ext . -— state boxing commission office build - sunset the classical building be locate in the center of the city . int . - state boxing commissioner office ~ day five men sit along the length of a elevate row table like you would see at a senate hearing . rocky sit below they . on the front of the dais be the Pennsylvania State box commission seal . commissioner # 1 ( v.0 . ) the test administer be much more sophisticated than when you be recommend to retire and so you have pass the mandatory state exam . but frankly , you age be still a big concern - and weigh in all the different factor and unpredictable element that go along with this sport , we cannot in good conscience , recommend re-license at this time . rocky do not I do what ya ask . commissioner # 1 yes , but you understand , it 's you best interest we be think of . rocky but I do what ya ask , right ? commissioner # 2 no one want to be hold accountable for a serious injury , or even a fatality . rocky I appreciate that but , I pass they test 61 . commissioner # 3 if we be waver on this he should at least redo all the testing . commissioner # 4 how will that indemnify we ? commissioner # 1 I think we have to stand by we decision . it 's about moral accountability . rocky ai not 's followin’ this . commissioner # 2 you request for a license at this time be deny . rocky - ( at a loss ) yo ... do not I get some kind ‘of rights ? commissioner # 2 some '' rights '' may be open to interpretation . which rights ? rocky ' rights 's like in the thing they write down the street . commissioner # 2 the Bill of rights ? rocky yeah , they rights ! commissioner # 2 what about they ? rocky they say somethin’ ' bout pursuin 's happiness , right ? commissioner # 1 you point be ? rocky I be pursuin 's somethin’ an’ nobody look too happy about it . commissioner # 1 we be only look out for you interest . 62 . rocky ( hotter ) yeah , I appreciate it but I do what ya want I to do an’ more an’ that should do it , right ? I know ya doin 's ya job very well , an’ that 's good , but why va gotta xight , ’cause if somebody go through all the junk ya gotta go through to get where they wanna get , let ‘em ~ ai not nobody get the right to stop ‘em ' cause , maybe someday , some of you guy be gonna wake up ' a wanna finish somethin’ ya never finish , ' a ya pay ya due . but ya tell ' no , forget it 's so ya never finish it . so who 's get the right to tell ya that , after ya do what ya be ask to do ‘?! nobody ! none of you guy know what 's in the next guy heart !! only that guy know ! " ya gotta do what ya gut tell ya to do , if ya do not , ya just takin 's up a seat until the next bum come along ! who 's suppose to live like that . so if I be not gettin’ my license , then gimme more of they test . ' Cause I be not leavin 's here without somethin’ that resemble what 's right ! the commissioner pause to consider . CUT to : lucky bar andy and several dry - up regular crane they neck to the suspend tv . reporter as promise earlier , a true classic from the ' Truth be Stranger than fiction file '' - former Champion Rocky balboa have reapply to a license and believe it or not pass the test . the former slugger say he will participate in small local contest - the STREET -trash group that have the altercation with rocky , sit at the bar and hurl derisive comment . . 63. int . - shamrock meat house = night long shot . paulie sit in the foreman 's office read a paper . a forty year - old Black foreman approach paulie and they converse . ravi be in the distant background . we can see from paulie 's body language , he have just receive devastating news . he step out and throw he helmet against the wall . int . ~ promoter ‘s ofpice a mature high - power promoter sit with four high ~ power executive . also present be dixon and l.c . promoter ~ the last two paynper-view lose , and the gate be off 40 percent - : lc. - ' Cause all they get be nobody 's out there . promoter but we have get '' human interest '' go if we want to run with it . mason like what ? promoter Rocky balboa apply and get a license . mason do not even think about it ! promoter ~ hear I out - mason - man , I do not wanna hear it out - promoter it 's a event and it will sell ~ I have get about a couple thousand e-mail attest to that ~ mason be stunne . l.c. ~ hear he out ! - 64 , promoter ~ everyone know what the outcome will be - you can not lose , but we can capitalize on the novelty - l.c. - that computer fight get people thinkin’ . mason ( eye l.c. and promoter ) you two be talkin’ ? when be you gonna tell I ? l.c . ai not nebedy beatin’ that door down for what 's out there ! there 's no Match -up out there that people be gonna pay real money for , mason we get guarantee fight - l.c . we can not give that damn fight away —- pay-per-view reject all of they . with meat name , there 's no marquee an’ no money - think we be lyin’ here ! promoter ( to mason ) it 's nostalgic man . it 's mostly a have ~ be , never- gonna - be 's world , so people will relate to this match up . and as a public relation kicker , you will offer a piece of the gate to some charity . assistant - Children 's Charity - promoter ' Children 's Charity '. you will tap you way to a ten round decision , and the hook be people will see you compassion , while you put on a good show , and do not destroy this guy . with this new fan base , next fight down the line we will double you biggest gate - ( to l.c. ) if you want a new image , this be the way C to get it . mason just stare hard at l.cc. whose anger be rise . 65 . l.c. what ! what have I do ? I make you world '' green '' an’ keep you healthy man , that 's what I do and we do . the fighter become rigid , mason look like he 's about to exit . l.c. ( cont ’d ) what ? I be lyin’ ? {to group ) let 's talk this out . mason coldly eye the room and exit . ext . — rocky 's restaurant ~- night about twenty people be line up outside . there be a new energy . int . - rocky 's restaurant — night the small room be fill to capacity ... lil 's marie be hostess ... in the kitchen step be help prepare food as rocky 's in the kitchen , paulie knock on the window and gesture to a worker who tap rocky . he step out into the alley . ext . - alley ~ night the door open and rocky stand beneath a single rusted lamp fixture that cast sharp shadow in the dark narrow alley . beside paulie be a one hundre and fifty pound side of beef wrap in a gauze cloth . one of paulie 's eye be badly bruise . paulie ( slightly intoxicate ) yo , rocko ~ rocky yo , what happen to ya face ? paulie I punch it . rocky why ? 66 . paulie I need to . rocky be you crazy ? paulie ( calm ) yeah , I be crazy ~ hey , I be bringin’ ya over a old friend ~ know what this be , rocko ? rocky a piece of large meat . paulie corn feed steer . rocky why 's it here now ? paulie it 's a gift . rocky what 's the occasion ? paulie I be celebrate ! I retire . rocky retired ? paulie why not ? rocky when they start givin’ retirin’ people meat instead of watch ? paulie Cause I gotta watch ! you gimme a watch - I do not need another goddamn watch ! rocky yo , paulie ~ calm down - paulie why calm down ! calm this down !! paulie suddenly grab a empty trash can and fling it against the alley wall then kick it several yard down the alley . 67 . paulie ( cont 'd ) thirty - one friggin 's year , I give ‘em 31 friggin’ year !! my life , £freezgin 's ! por what !? my friggin’ life stink ! the more I stir it , more it stink ! why do not I die instead of my sister ! I be the one who oughta be go !! I ! I be a liar ! I be the bum ! several people in the kitchen stick they head out , include marte and step . rocky wave they back in . paulie ( cont 'd ) ( wind ) y¥‘know — ya complicate my life - always do . rocky hey , you be my friend , paulie . paulie yeah ? rocky yeah , my nutty -as~a- fruitcake - friend . paulie whatta my gonna do now ? rocry whatta ya wanna do . paulie can I move back in the house ? rocky +.. what about ya girlfriend ? paulie she want rent . rocky yeah , ya better move back in . paulie I appreciate this , rocko . rocky nod . paulie move off down the alley . paulie ( cont ’d ) ( ealling back ) y'know , it take gut to climb in that ring knowin’ ya gonna take a beatin’ . 68 . rocky ».. thanks . paulie yo , rocko ... can I manage ya ? rocky there 's nothin’ to really manage . paulie stuffin 's in the basement , remember ? paulie wave and disappear from view . rocky grab the beef and haul it inside . int . ~ rocky 's restaurant ( kitchen ) rocky enter and drop the massive piece of meat on a smaller table . step and the three ' Hispanic worker be take aback . rocky balboa you guy wanna split it up ~ have what ya want . lil 's marie approach . marie that man over there wanna talk to ya . rocky sigh and put on he blazer . he approach the table . the three diner be the promoter , l.c.and a executive assistant from he organization . the man rise . rocky how ya doin 's ? thanks for comin’ by . promoter we pleasure . rocky so wanna hear some fight storey ? promoter ( smile ) fight storey ? 69 . rocky ( embarrassed ) sometimes people like hearin’ old fight storey . promoter maybe later ~ I be Robert Brown - this be my associate Carl Davis and l.c. - we would like to talk to you a minute . join we ? rocky ( sit ) sure . promoter we have hear you have get you licence back . rocky yeah , that happen . promoter congratulation ... we have the promotional contract for mason dixon - dixon 's a fan , and when he hear you nre interested in fight again , he think why not try to work something out . rocky a fight - a title fight , c’mon . l.c. no , a special event - like a exhibition fight . rocky thanks , but I be thinkin ' less large - smaller . promoter y'know , nothin 's you do be go to be small - time - the press will always be around . technically , you never lose the belt in the ring . you retire , so ina sense you be both champion , and you be both at a point in you life where you want to do interesting thing and this would be yery interesting . rocky gettin 's kill be not that interestin’ . 70 . promoter it 's a exhibition ~ a glorify sparring session ~ with a portion of the gate go to charity . rocky so be this thing be not a joke . promoter it 's as real as you want to make it . '' rocky I be very rusty - l.c . put it this way , you all have some new storey to tell . rocky ponder this as the scene fade . int . ~ board room - PRESS conference the impressive elevate dais be back by floor -to - ceiling poster proclaim the theme of the championship event . behind the fighter the banner read live pay per view - the date - and the HOTEL fight site . mason dixon versus rocky balboa skill versus . wile rocky be seat on the dais look quite uncomfortable . he be flanke by duke , paulie and step , step can not believe he 's in such a surround . in front of he appear to be a ocean of reporter and glaring video camera . on the opposite side of the dais be mason and company . with they matching hard - core team apparel , they present a unify and intimidating image . in front of the fighter be a very large grouping of reporter back by a wall of mini-cam . seat in the center of the dais be the promoter . CUT to : 71. int . lucky 's bar . night . andy and several of the drink patron watch the televison over the bar . reporter # 1 a few great fighter have fight in they fifty , often with disastrous result — why risk the danger and embarrassment ? the smart money say you virtually have no chance . dure a puncher always have a chance - when Rocky ask I to come on board I do because I believe this can be competitive otherwise I wonld not be here . reporter : # 4 > aps with such a long layoff do you still feel competitive ? energetic ? rocky yeah , I believe so . andy ( to patron ) --+- he use to sit on that stool . CUT to : int . sport bar . night . ROBERT JR sit with all he friend as they observe the interview on a large screen ... the small establishment have 30 patron present . ROBERT JR be visibly upset . reporter # 5 you fight a lot of serious fighter . who do you rate the best ? rocky to I creed be the best that ever breathe . reporter # 5 Rocky - with all the ‘ring rust , 's how do you think you will hold up against dixon ? 72 . rocky well , ya really do not know a person 's personality ' till ya punch ‘em . reporter # 2 Rocky , the press have label you a " balboasaurus '' who should be in a museum — you thought ? rocky I always like museum . reporter # 1 mason , let 's say the follow happen - you win , we will say you beat a old guy , you lose , say a thumb in the eye , you will be the joke of the decade . mason that 's science fiction . no chance of that ! ( to Rocky ) you be someone once , a good example for the sport - but I have never be cut , never be shook up , never waiver — nobody really touch I on the face hard , so it 's go to be kinda hard to convince anyone in America , or the world , that a man like you could present any problem ~ rocky anything be possible -— the patron cheer . Robert Jr cringe . mason again that 's science fiction type think . ( to Rocky ) tet I say this , I be not a fan of guy comin’ back when they glory 's go , but you want it you get it . what you be doin 's be not my business , but people better be careful what they wish for . ROBERT JR rise and quickly exit the establishment cur to : 73. int . rockyxs restaurant . ROBERT enter and see paulie at the bar . paulie oh , lock who 's here ? ROBERT gr . how you doin 's uncle paulie ~ be he here ? paulie ( point to the kitchen ) in there somewhere . ROBERT move across the half fill room and enter the kitchen where he see he father stare at a pot . rocky hey , how ya doin 's ? great ya come by . ROBERT JR . can I talk with you ? £ rocky , sure . ROBERT JR . can we do it outside ? ext . alley . night ROBERT JR and rocky step into the cold night air ... ROBERT trys , collect himself , it 's not work . ROBERT JR . you be go though with this ? rocky start training tomorrow . ROBERT JR . nervous about it ? rocky yeah - sure ROBERT JR . then why do it ? 7a . rocky I dunno - feelin 's somethin’ be better than feelin’ nothin’ . ROBERT gr . '' know livin 's with you have not be easy . people see I , but they think of you . now with this thing go on , it 's go to be worse than ever . rocky do not have to be ROBERT JR . sure it do ! rocky no , it do not , you get a lot go . ROBERT JR . what ? my last name ? that 's why I gota decent job , why people even deal with I -— now I start to get a little ahead , a little something for myself , and this happen - I be ask you as a favor not to go through with this . it can only end up bad for both of we . rocky I be hurtin’ you ? ROBERT JR . in a way , yes ! rocky never want to do that . ROBERT JR . maybe , but you be . do not you care what other people think ? do not it bother you when they be make you out to be a joke and I will be include . think that 's right ? rocky y'know , ya will not believe this - you use to fit in one of my hand , ya do . I would hold you up and say to you mother , '' this kid be gonna be better than any kid in the world . this kid 's gonna be somebody better than anybody I ever know . ( more ) 756 rocky ( cont 'd ) he 's gonna grow up an’ be smart and tough and never have nobody make ' im feel small - an’ you grow up good and wonderful , make we proud everyday just lookin’ at ya - it be great - an’ the time come for you to be ya own man an’ take on the world . you world , an’ you do , but somewhere along the line ya change . ya stop be you , ya quit fightin’ , ya roll over an’ become a punchin’ bag , not a puncher . ya let ya world get to ya ! ya start makin 's excuse when thing get hard . ya get afraid to get in there and mix it up with the competition , and ya look for somethin’ to blame . like , what would ya call it ? - my shadow ~ let I tell ya somethin’ , its a rough very mean world , it punch hard a ya gotta punch back or roll over . you get no choice how you come a , but its you choice how you go out . if ya know what you worth , then go out and get what you worth , but do not be pointin’ finger an’ say ya be not where ya wanna be ' cause of he or she . coward do that , not man . I love ya no matter what . ya the best part of my life , but you gotta believe in yaself or you be not gonna have no life !... do not forget to visit you mother . rocky pat he son arm and go back in the restaurant . cur to : int . ~ boxing gym ~ day rocky be in the ring sparring with a opponent who resemble mason dixon . paulie be there , likewise step who stand alongside duke . duke throw that hook off the pivot ! transfer ! go through he - that 's it ! leave nothing on the table . rocky throw again and be catch with a sizzling combination and Rocky be stung - Duke and paulie become alert . 76 . duke ( cont ' ’d ) too much distance - I want you closer than he skin ... rocky drive forward and be catch with a four punch gombo set he back en he heel . duke ( cont 'd ) time - that 's it - good . rocky exhaustedly step out of the ring . duke ( cont ’d ) look , its you first day back a you rusty . tomorrow we be gonna change strategy - we gonna approach this training a whole different way . rocky '' what way ? duke Real different - we will talk about it tomorrow . shower up . rocky move off and paulie slide next to duke . marie watch from the bench . paulie what 's the problem ? duke he 's thinkin’ instead of doin 's -~ paulie whatta ya gonna do ? duke he 's get to deal with it . rocky wearily move off towards the locker room . paulie be lose in think . cuT to : 77 . ext . — cemetery -— day ROBERT JR . walk towards the grave site . up ahead he see the familiar outline of he father . he place the flower in he hand on he mother 's grave . ROBERT JR . I really miss she . rocky ( softly ) yeah . get off work early ? ROBERT JR . I quit rocky why ? ROBERT JR . right now I would rather be with you - that alright ? rocky ( touch ) ++- yeah , thanks . they hug with affection . ROBERT ur . --- be a long time since I have see a fight . rocky I know where one 's takin’ place . Father and son hug and the scene fade . cur to : int - old gym - day rocky stand with duke , paulie , ROBERT and step . the small power-lifting gym be dark and cramme with power lift equipment . off to the side stand a muscular power lifter of thirty - five . 78 . duke you know all there be to know about fightin 's - so there 's no sense we go down that road again ! -~ to beat this guy you will need speed - you do not have it . wo not be feint you will call on , or £ootwork or any of that stuff , what we will be callin’ on be good old fashioned blunt force trauma . why ? ' Cause the law of physics say so . in other word , whatever you hit have get to rattle this man 's bone . whenever you punch he , he ancestor have to be yell for mercy . whenever you land a shot , it will cause unnatural disaster - let 's start buildin’ some bomb ! training montage : as the music begins to swell ; in a thematic fashion , we see rocky go through a extraordinarily grueling and different work montage . in the gym he be put through difficult maneuver design to increase explosive power in strength . it 's grueling and brutal to watch . this training be cross - CUT with mason dixon 's gym workout which consist of Standard rope , heavy bag , speed bag , sparring , shadow boxing and mitt . rocky be run at night down the Ben Franklin Parkway . dixon be workout increase in tempo and aggressiveness , so do rocky 's run towards the museum step until finally arrive at the top and jutting he fist triumphantly in the air . at the top of the historical stadium rocky gasp for breath as he look out over a sea of rooftop that provide a patchwork quilt of the CITY of philadelphia . he be ready . ext . - las vega - night the huge marquee letter advertising the grand event be be put in place . int . ~ arena - night the staging crew be hard at work arrange the lighting . rocky enter with ROBERT from the rear of the arena . 79 , rocky eye four man sit in the bleacher together ... he approach . mason dixon step forward to meet he . rocky you want to see I ? mason yeah - this place be gonna be full tomorrow . rocky that 's good . mason whatever insult be throw in you way - that be business . rocky Business be business . mason that 's not I . know what I '' sayin 's ? we both know this be not no real fight a 's I do not want nobody gettin’ hurt — I want you to know that . rocky so ya not gonna be tryin' hard ? mason T will do enough to get ya through it . nobody have to lose face , you will be goin 's home in one piece , and that will be it - but if you try to unload on I , I be gonna fire hard on you , an’ do not wanna that . ROBERT JR be awed by the headgame be play . rocky ya know , mason , most people come to Vegas to lose , I do not . mason but you be . rocky smile and start to walk away and then pause , re - facing mason . rocky yo , so ya not scared a little ? mason man , I do not get scared . 80 . rocky no ? mason no . rocky okay - see ya soon . ( to Robert Jr ) ¥’know - I think ya try harder when yaa little scared . rocky and ROBERT JR turn and move off . int . - arena — night the atmosphere be super - charge as high roller be still filtering into there front row seat . CcuUT to : ringside commentator the three commentator this evening sit in they satorial splendor before a bank of monitor . one commentator be none other than former world champion , clubber lang . commentator jim good evening , I be Jim langley , with Brent Foster , come live from the mgm Grand Hotel , Las Vegas . join we for this evening 's commentary be a man who certainly know he way around the ving . former heavyweight champion clubber lang . clubber ( smile ) good to be here with you fine gentleman this evening . int . ~ rocky 's dressing room rocky 's hand be be tape as paulie and ROBERT JR be wear team uniform . cutman little mike be also there . ROBERT jr. nervously pace . the mood be subdued . 81 . int . - mason 's dressing room this be a stark contrast to rocky 's . a boom box be pump with brain-numbing music . mason stand in front of a mirror pulsate to the rhythm . he be psyching . - 10 people , pilus he 4 corner people be present . there 's a Baptist minister also present . int . ~ lucky 's bar — night andy and the usual crowd of drinker be line up against the bar as they watch the broadcast . pather carmine enter and take a seat . andy how you doin’ , Father ? father carmine my cable 's out ... CUT to : int . —- arena ~- ringside commentator commentator jim much have be say about this be a waltz in the park for Champion dixon , with little expectation for the well - past prime champ Rocky balboa . int . - rockyns dressing room rocky 's glove be be tie up . int . -— mason 's dressing room mason 's glove be be pull on at the same moment . CUT to : int . - ringside commentator the commentator be stand behind one of the ring post . each be holding a microphone . 82 . commentator jim even though this be more of a glorify sparring session , the energy in this room be palpable . the sell - out crowd be anxiously await the most curious match - up in year . the flashy Champion , mason '' do Cross the line '' dixon , a powerhouse in every sense of the word will be up against the ancient Philadelphia Champion , Rocky balboa , in a battle that have be dub '' the rage against the Age . '' CUT to : int . - rocky 's dressing room rocky kneel and pray alone . ROBERT jr. stand in the background . , os CUT to : int . — mason 's dressing room mason 's group be in the main dress room . l.c. be with he in a adjoin locker room . cuT to : int . - rocky 's dressing room rocky be still praying . the sound of the arena filter into the room . CUT to : ringside commentator commentator brent nearly all of the seat be fill as we be moment away from tonight 's carnival extravaganza , if I can call it that - commentator jim what else would you call with it , with balboa be a 38 to 1 underdog , some may call it a suicide mission . and they might be right . clubber , you opinion ? 83. clubber who 's dixon fight ? this be not about money - this will be a fight - this be about pride an’ dignity - this be about who he be . commentator jim so you prediction ? clubber when you be gettin’ hit upside you head there can only be one prediction . commentator jim remind we . clubber »- pain . CUT to : int . - rocky 's dressing room rocky be all alone in the adjoin room praying . duke ( enter ) +-- it 's time . rocky nod and rise , ROBERT jr. come in . ROBERT JR . ready rocko ? rocky «+- yeah . ROBERT JR . remove a small picture of adrian . rocky be touch and fold it and slip it into he sock ... ROBERT JR . you will be great . rocky ( smile ) hope ya right . int . - mason 's dressing room the music be thumping with feral intensity as mason prepare to exit he room follow by he entourage . 84 . lc . ++- it 's time to bring it ! it 's time to cross the line ! the rest of the entourage start to chime in with ad lib . cut to : int . ~ hallway the arena be thunder as rocky make he way down the hall with duke , ROBERT JR , little mike , paulie and step . a group of eight security men in match dress lead the way . portable television camera mount with sungun follow rocky . the hallway outside the dress room be light by glaring light mount on stand . : security guard you know about get to the ring ? paulie ( insulted ) yeah - what 's so complicated ? rocky 's heart pound with anticipation . he feel a hand delicately touch and embrace he arm . turn to he side , he see the vision of adrian . she face straight ahead , a portrait of security and confidence . for the first time in a long while rocky 's eye glow with inner peace . int . - ringside commentator commentator jim well , here go the light ~ we be moment away from the former champion and reigning Champion make they way into the ring ! CUT to : int . ~ hallway # 2 mason dixon and company move towards the arena l.c. you get more people catchin’ you tonight than you ever have - 85 . mason try to ignore this banter . l.c. ( contt ’d ) if you have to put this man out of he misery , do not be too savage , be quick . carry he as long as you can ! CUT to : int . — ring announcers as always , they be seat in front of they monitor . commentator # 1 get ready for the mason dixon Circus to begin ! what happen to just walk in , disrob and do you job ? commntator jim ( 0.s. ) box have crossbreed with showbiz - and it 's now boxbiz . cur to : ringstde we see the promoter . his wife and two business partner settle into they seat . CUT to : marie she settles into she seat behind rocky 's corner . CUT to : int . -— entrance way - night rocky and company stop at a stairway lead to a ramp that will descend into the arena . paulie what 's this ? ROBERT JR . ya say you know . 86 . security guard watch you step - you will follow the ramp down when the music start . dure what 's all this ? rocky be confuse and climb the step . paulie I like the regular walkin’ better . CUT to : int . - entrance area - night mason and company arrive at the elevate , curtain - off entrance . the arena be thunder with the constant body - rattling single drum beat . people clap along with its dron rhythm ... mason look distant . l.c. time to party - ( into a walkie- talkie ) start it up ! cup to : rockyxs entrance rocky and company stand nervously on the entrance platform . paulie I pray last night - first time . rocky what ya pray for ? paulie if ya do not end up a complete vegetable . rocky appreciate it , paulie . CUT to : 87 . int . - arena the light drop out and the sudden explosion of classical / hip - hop mix music rock the arena like a sensory jarring earthquake ! the show be on ! bang ! a array of rake laser light rip across the audience . int . ~ rocky entrance rocky and company be take aback . paulie what the hell 's go on ! suddenly the curtain be rip open and rocky be stand in front of a giant bull eye made of translucent paper , color light rack wildly across the other side , security guard go gol duke where ! ? security guard go - through it ! CUT to : mason 's entrance mason dixon rip through the bull eye on he side of the arena and the effect and music kick into high gear .. CUT to : int . ~ rocky's entrance from the other side of the translucent target we see a pocket knife slit the huge target and rocky appear . paulie ( fold he pocket knife ) go ahead , rocko . ROBERT , jr. look at he uncle and shake he head in wonderment . 88 . awkwardly , rocky enter the light area and smoke bomb go off on either side of he . he 's totally startle . CUT to : massive viewing room at each end of the arena hang a huge screen that will televise both mason and rocky journey into the ring . cur to : mason dixon he move forward look proud . he glance at the giant view screen and see rocky move toward the ring look totally befuddle by all the excessive pageantry . CUT to : rocky he pull he son beside he and put he hand on he shoulder . ROBERT JR . how ya doin 's ? rocky kinda nervous - normal stuff . ROBERT JR . this be amazin 's . rocky yeah it be . as they approach the ring , SPARKS rain down from all four corner of the overhead lighting grid . rocky glance up at the view screen and observe mason 's stern entourage approach . commentator brent here come Rocky balboa , veteran of so many war - the last hurrah ! commentator jim or the last supper with he as the main course . 89 . int . ~ ringside commentator commentator jim in the old day , balboa be know for he hook to the body - why be it so much more effective than the other guy ? rocky remain serene and focus on the job at hand . clubber ( v.0 . ) +..’ Cause he believe in it , when you believe in a certain punch , or anythin 's - you be better at it - that 's all there be to it . rocky touch the hand that extend into the aisle - way . a slight smile trace across he face . clubber ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) look at the stallion ! - he look cool - very relaxed ! - he 's gonna bring it . commentator jim ( 0.8 . ) you say he will not be intimidate . CUT to : clubber lang - ringside clubber bo not be a fool - how you ever gonna '' intimidate '' he after he 's be in there with a monster like I ! the crowd cheer loudly as rocky enter the ring and wave . the ring and corner post be cover with sponsor logo ( example budweiser , Hotel site ) . a moment later mason dixon and company climb the step into the ring . he dance around as he group hold up he belt . CUT to : commentator ringside commentator brent mason 's management must be enjoy the excitement . ( more ) 390 . commentator brent ( cont 'd ) consider the last four fight have be half sell out , truly dull affair . commentator jim when the bell ring I have a feelin’ this will . be another one too . rocky be get he bearing as duke , paulie , step and ROBERT jr. flank he . he glance ringside and see clubber wear headphone . rocky be that clubber ? duke believe so . rocky he have the same hair . CUT to : ringside commentator commentator jim clubber , you fight he twice , what an you most vivid recollection ? clubber wakin 's up ~ lose tooth . rocky , still in he robe , be pace in he corner , get more focus . clubber glance over at rocky and wave . paulie why 's he smilin’ so much ? duke Heard he find God . rocky that 's 1ll do it . the bell ring and the ring announcer step to the center of the ring . cult to : 91 . mason 's corner l.c. be see lean back over the rope in mason 's corner as he exchange word with the promoter 's business associate . l.c. come up beside mason . lc the pay per view have triple we last show . mason ignore he . ring announcer lady and gentlemen , welcome to the mgm Grand and a night of heavyweight excitement - without further ado , a man that need no introduction , weigh in at a solid 215 pound , a two - time champion with a colorful record of 79 win , 69 by knock - out , against 23 loss and one draw - let 's have a big warm welcome to '' the italian stallion , '' Rocky balboa ! the rocky fan go wild as the fighter shyly nod and raise he fist in acknowledgement . CUT to : ringside commentator commentator jim balboa 's 15 pound heavier than he maximum . that 's not a good sign . CUT to : ring ring announcer hailing from Las Vegas , ( huge roar ) weigh 221 pound , with a flawless record of 22 and 0 , with 20 knock - out , the present , undisputed heavyweight champion of the world , a man who have be dub , '' the bottom line , '' mason '' the line '' dixon ! 92 . mason 's legion of younger fan leap to they foot with unabash adulation . cur to : int . - lucky 's bar the patron 's enthusiasm mount as they yell out encourage quote to they home town hero . CUT to : arena the Arena be literally pulsate as spectator stomp they foot and cheer for the battle to commence . mason dixon be the first the disrobe and be in extraordinary condition . commentator brent as expect , the Champion look awesome . nothing like have great genetics , folk . he look ready to go to work and go home early . rocky disrobe and much to people 's surprise be also in wonderful condition . commentator brent ( cont 'd ) balboa also look in good condition ~ but you can not put muscle on a chin . clubber man , you guy do not give nobody a break ! get you knife an’ fork ' cause you will be eatin’ you word ! commentator jim to balance out this report the ' rap 's on dixon be he really have never be push . a lotta fighter can only be judge by the competition and he 's have none . commentator brent but technically he 's incredibly sound . commentator jim for sure . CUT to : 93. rockyxs corner rocky stand flanke by he son . the referee wave the fighter forward . referee fighter over here . rocky turn and kiss he son . rocky --. I be very glad you be here . tear nearly well in ROBERT 's eye as he and he father move to the CENTER of the ring . CENTER of the ring . referee you both have be here before - no low blow , no kidney punch , break when I tell you . they be about to touch glove and mason lean close to rocky . when he speak it 's not in the least way demeaning . mason enjoy the ride . rocky .eei71l try . mason take it easy . rocky gimme ya best . commentator jim ( 0.8 . ) look like this two be havin’ a little conference . commentator brent ( 0.8 . ) I think the champion be ask balboa if he have a sign will . clubber we will see , brother , we will see — you be too negative young man - 94 . commentator jim since Rocky have move over to the mature side of box , let 's hope he corner 's devise a plan to take the youthful bounce out of he opponent . int . - rockyxs corner duke slip in rocky 's mouthpiece . rocky glance back at marie and nod . duke we get three round to establish a tempo - everything you throw have get to leave a dent . paulie go get ‘em , rocko . ROBERT JR . smack this chump . rocky smile . commentator jim ( v.0 . ) both party look anxious to get at each other ; there 's the bell and this fight be underway ! rocky rush to the center of the ring and likewise , mason dixon . at the last second mason cut sharply to he leave with rocky in hot pursuit . rocky try to unload a right hook and mason slip it and wave rocky forward . commentator brent the fan come to see a fight and instead it 's a game a cat and mouse . mason continue to gracefully avoid rocky , while almost handle the man with barely lukewarm jab . CUT to : mason 's corner l.c . show ‘em who 's untouchable , baby ! we get all night ! 95 . ring mason slip out of the corner as rocky try to pin he down . curt to : rockyxs corner . duke keep it steady ! pressure on ! Pump that jab baby ! cur to : the ring . mason continue to dance with rocky in hot pursuit . the crowd be quite vociferous in its displeasure . commentator jim Rocky have quickened he pursuit , but the champion simply increase he back - peddle - not one tell punch have be connect . commentator brent balboa be show I something 's — commentator jim that he 's slower than lava ? clubber ( v.0o . ) an’ when lava catch you ? toast brother ! the fighter be see dance past the ringside commentator . the Champion continue to give the world and rocky a brilliant exhibition of foot - work . commentator jim balboa want to take it to he . but the champ want to stretch it out , as though he know he can take the former champ out at any time - call it a mercy fight . cur to : 96 . masonns corner . .c. lean forward as the fighter dance past . l.c. you be make ‘em look like a damn mummy out there ! keep it goin 's ! cur to : lucky' bar . andy and the usual customer appear to be deflate as they witness the boring spectacle . andy the '' old '' rock would have break rib by now . CUT to : the ring rocky try once more to cut off the ring , but again , dixon slip away . commentator jim the man I be look at in the ring be ineffectual and just plain slow — CUT to : the ring . rocky curiously begin to lower he guard which completely expose he face . commentator jim why do not he just put a welcome mat on he chin that say '' knock I out . '' clubber he 's temptin’ he - settin’ he up ! CUT to ; 97 . the ring . the crowd be get insane at the inactivity . rocky now be present he face as a irresistible target . CUT to : rockyxs corner ROBERT JR . what 's he doin 's ? duke usin 's he head ! CUT to : the ring with crowd 's booing reaching hurricane intensity , and rocky 's guard be hold dangerously low , mason lash out with a vicious jab , follow by three more that find they mark . commentator jim blind jab ~- oh , what a combination and another ! rocky be truly be dominated by youth and speed . commentator brent the Champion be sit down on he punch a little more now . clubber and he 's gettin’ too close to the fire . CUT to : ROBERT he shift uncomfortably behind rocky 's corner . ROBERT JR . c’mon , get ‘im ! curt to : 98 . the ring mason be in he rhythm and fire another flurry of jab . commentator brent a total domination . oh , what a shot !!! mason release a vicious combination which rocky slip and rip a pair of thunderous body punch . clubber now that 's what I be talkin’ about ! I love payback ~ warm my soul ! cur to : the ring rocky now rain a ten punch combo on mason and drive dixon against the rope . mason tie he up . cur to : mason's corner the corner man be frantic . they pound the ring apron . corner man tie he up ! tie he up ! cut to : commentator jim ( v.0 . ) dixon cover up as bomb after bomb rain down on he . mason try to slide sideways and rocky bull he into the corner . paulie get into the hurtin’ business , rocko ! rocky fire off a beautiful six - punch combination . clubber ( ¥v.0 . ) get ready for some major league damage , people ! he will be spittin’ bone for a month ! 99 . but mason roar back and pound a torrent of punch into rocky that get people to they foot . the bell ring . the crowd go berserk ! rocky tap dixon 's glove as a token of mutual respect . rocky good one . curt to : commentator jim if balboa be ever gonna have a chance of survive this fight , he have to keep up he '' shock and awe '' style of brawling ! rocky's corner rocky choose to stand between round . duke , paulie and ROBERT JR rapidly provide assistance . step stand outside the ring pass up the water . duke you alright ? rocky Real good ~ fine - good . ROBERT JR . that be great . rocky thanks he get very long arm duke see , that 's the way it 's get to go - hold nothin’ back . lean on he , pull on he , rough he up , take ' im to school ! you gotta be more active out there . you hurt he - fight hard , baby ! cur to : mason 's corner the champion sit on a stool and eye Rocky . a cool towel be apply to he face , he brushes it aside . l.c . ten second of luck ! he sucker you in . 100 . mason man can hit ! l.c . do not give he too much respect ! all he 's tryin' to do be hit you with a leave lead after diggin’ to the body ! do I a favor — keep workin’ that jab , put a little more speed behind it and keep workin’ that hard left to the body ! it 's you show ! this be what they come for ! do not end it teo soon ! ringside commentator arena CUT to : commentator brent believe it or not , I score that round even ! clubber man , beside be stupid , you need glass ! CUT to : the crowd be on they foot as the second round commence . mason charge forward and unleash a torrent of jab and vicious hook to the body . rocky be caught off guard . commentator brent balboa be once again try to cut off the fleet - foote dixon . jab after jab find its mark ! commentator jim dixon 's beat he in every way . power punch , box , ring generalship . rocky lunge at the Champion and nearly stumble to the canvass . 101 . commentator brent balboa 's just get cut up ! cur to : rockyxs corner . ROBERT JR . C ’mon , you can do it ! duke get the hell in there ! cut to : paulie the arm ! hit ' im on the joint ! CUT to : the ring . mason pound away . rocky try to tie he up but mason pull he arm loose and pound a couple left . stepping to the center of the ring , dixon deliver a perfect shot and rocky stumble backward and goe down to one knee . the referee give the EIGHT count . commentator jim perfectly time - perfectly deliver ~ Rocky still look disorient . clubber he will get up man 's , like a yo-yo ! CUT to : rocky look to he corner and sees the spectre of mickey . mickey +». get up kid , go after he ! int . - rockyxs corner duke tie he up ! breathe ! cover up ! 102 . mickey ( spectre ) the body , the body , the body ! mason be wave on and proceed to hit rocky 15 unanswer punch . commentator this be look incredibly one sided . if Rocky ever have any illusion about survive , they be go south fast ! — Rocky 's hang in . mason back away and hit rocky with three sting jab and throw a whipping right hook that land on rocky 's hip bone . a inaudible gasp be hear in the arena as mason recoil in immense pain ! clubber ( 0.8 . ) mason 's hand hurt ! commentator jim a big right to the body and mason wince in pain . this could change everything ! here come balboa CUT to : the ring rocky move ahead and soon have mason back up from a bombardment of punch . commentator jim ( v.0 . ) por the first time mason be in reverse ! in desperate trouble , mason leap forward and throw five right hook . commentator brent ( v.0 . ) mason 's in deep water ! but he 's fight back . he have not throw a leave hand since the injury ! but there 's a leave and the champion grimace ! this be gonna change the fight ! clubber balboa 's willin’ to take five shot to land one crush body blow . 103 , rocky set he up with two jab and with a left upper -cut to the liver that shake mason to he core . the crowd leap to there feet . CUT to : the ring CUT to : commentator clubber tf he hand be in fact hurt , in the heat of battle with he blood flow hot , it will take a couple of round to numb he hand up before he can throw it again . this play field be now level ! CUT to : mason back -peddle . just as he head be clear he be catch by another tremendous body shot to the liver . commentator jim mason be nearly fold in half with that body shot ! rocky come in for the kill and hit three right hook on the button . mason courageously throw four straight hook . commentator jim ( cont ’d ) dixon 's come back use just the right hand ! he show great courage as he try to keep balboa off of he with jast he right hand ! clubber here it come ! mason fire a flurry of hook and a weak right . commentator brent dixon throw seven hook and he mix in one painful leave hand ! the crowd be on its foot ! mason rally and back balboa up with a amazing combination . rocky once again rally . they be exchanging blows as the bell ring . the referee leap in and frantically separate the fighter . 104 , unbelievably in a gesture of respect they tap glove . cur to : ringside commentator commentator jim I can not believe two man can give and take like that , then touch glove - listen to the fan ! this be what they come for ! clubber I tell you chump - now it 's anybody 's fight ! curt to : rockyxs corner rocky be still stand as Duke work on he scalp cut . duke ( to step ) Water here ! ( to Rocky ) you alright ? rocky yeah - yeah ~ no problem , I be good - Real good duke deep breath ! you take he best , you be in the game . once again rocky look over at he son and gesture that he 's be fine . CUT to : mason '’s corner mason lean forward onto lc 's shoulder so no one can see what he say . mason C : my hand 's 's hurt ... 105 . lc be it break ? mason do not think so - it will be alright . Le it all numb up . keep that jab workin’ the next round ! throw the jab and bring the hook to the body ! rockyxs corner duke stay on it ! everybody think this be a joke now nobody 's laughin’ . you get the power ~ you want it ? rocky vean ! ( rise ) a ue eah ! duke then go get it ! the ring the bell ring and the warrior charge out of there corner and into the incredible heat of battle . what transpire over the next seven round be a extraordinary give and take between the fighter . the round end with Rocky be nearly buckle from a perfect combination and exhaustion . ROBERT jr. be awed by he father who he think he know . CuT to : ringside commentator commentator jim everyone 's certainly get they money 's worth here tonight ! people might have think this be a publicity stunt but this be pure Roman - coliseum time . cur to : 106 . lucky 's bar all the patron be scream at the screen which have a close - up of rocky balboa in a slow motion re-enactment of the last round . cur to : rockyxs corner rocky be on the verge of physical collapse . now he sit on a stool . duke how much you get leave ? rocky a little — enough . rocky turn a batter eye towards Marie and he son . duke you wanna call it in ? - I ’1l1 do what you want I to do . rocry what ! do not say that - I be here ! mouthpiece ! CUT to : mason 's corner mason rise at the warning buzzer . l.c. whatever you get , get it ! whatever you gotta do , do it ! whatever you get leave , you put it in he face ! dominate - dominate ! CUT to : rockyxs corner Duke slip in Rocky 's mouthpiece . 107 . duke +-+- there 's nothing more I can tell you , a lotta people that love you no matter what happen - go get it ! rocky nod at duke and catch paulie and step eye . he 's very touch by the sentiment . CUT to : the ring the bell sound . the two fighter step to the center of the ring and touch glove . mason ++. you still here ? ler os rocky absolutely - mason start to survey thing up and fire three hard but still effective jab into rocky 's face . commentator jim the Champion be apply pressure which at this point be enough to keep balboa at bay . commentator brent balboa be completely deplete - both be . cur to : rocky continue to move ahead , dodging punch whenever he can . throw caution to the wind , he charge . commentator jim balboa 's appear totally content to end this battle on he foot - the chant of '' rocky '' be building . cur to : the ring suddenly mason explode with a right hook thrown from the floor and rocky be sent crashing to the canvas ! 108 . commentator jim oh my God ! just when you think you see everythin’ balboa 's down ! commentator brent Fighting with a injure hand , dixon have mustere the courage and strength and floor the exhaust Philly brawler ! cur to : marie be on she foot . ROBERT go directly behind duke . ROBERT JR . you wanna stop this - he do enough ! paulie he no kill I - get up my man ! get up ! cur to : arena the entire fight crowd be on its foot go completely berserk . commentator jim Rocky 's up ! he seem determine to end this fight on he foot , while dixon be show more heart than anyone give he credit for ! rocky drive hard into mason and pin he against the rope . with the last of he strength , balboa drive a series of blows into the champion 's mid - section . mason absorb the punishment and spinning away , literally stand toe -to-toe exchanging punch for punch with balboa . mason suddenly get a surge of adrenaline and unleashes a beautiful six punch combination that rock rocky badly . out on he feet , and barely able to raise he fist , rocky lunge back just as the bell ring . the two fighter nearly collapse on one another then slip into a embrace , they forehead touch . rocky good work - great fight ! 109 . duke , ROBERT JR , and paulie come out and guide rocky to the corner . rocky ( cont ’d ) ( put he arm around he son ) .-- I think I peak . CUT to : ring announcer the ring announcer motion for the bell to ring . the ring begin to fill with fight official and well - wisher . cur to : ring announcer we have a unanimous decision ! cut to : ring announcer ring announcer the judge score 8 to 4 , 7 to 5 , and 6 , to 5 and 1 , even , all for the winner heavyweight Champion , mason '' the line '' dixon !!! mason 's corner though batter and bruise he raise he arm in victory then point a congratulatory fist toward rocky . CUT to : arena all the fan be still applaud wildly have get they money 's worth . ringside commentator jim be in the ring with the champion and rocky balboa . CUT to : commentator jim mason , have you ever be through anything like this ? 110 . mason no - respect ya elder if they hit like that . commentator jim you seem to have finally earn the crowd respect tonight . mason ( smile ) amazin 's how people learn to like ya after they have see ya almost beat to death . commentator jim Rocky - what a war - and still stand . you be through a lotta good opponent - how would you rate this man here ? rocky lotta gut x'- maybe the best I be ever in with — mason hug rocky - rocky ( cont 'd ) enjoy it -~ it go fast . rocky rejoins he son and family and swirling humanity that fill the spectacular ring , and like a cloud rising , the scene drift skyward . CUT to : the scene drift back across the twilight horizon of philadelphia , then dissolves to the tranquil cemetery . in the distance we see rocky with he portable chair , arrive at he wife 's grave site , open the chair he lower himself down and study he beloved wife 's headstone . rocky yo , adrian , we do it .