rocky V by sylvester stallone FOURTH draft 10/27/89 Rev. 11/6/89 ( blue ) os 10/27/89 to 1. credit sequence 1 rocky vv b& variety of moment show rocky take incredible punishment throughout the fight with the Russian . the film then dissolves to the last brutal minute of the savage fight between Rocky and he super- opponent , drago . the crowd be insanely cheering the combatant to inhuman height cf physical endurance . finally the battle culminate with Rocky blast the Russian across the ring and into unconsciousness . the crowd go berserk . Rocky be pronounce the winner and give a rouse speech which leave the Soviet crowd cheering with new - find admiration . the scene freeze with Rocky seize the american flag and leaping up in exaltation . CUT to : int . dressing room hallway - night Rocky , paulie , duke ( tony ) and adrian be sweep along by the ador crowd . the entourage disappear around the corner . the mood be insanely festive and the multitude of Russian voice shouting uncensor praise reverberate down the cement corridor ... the Russians be chanting " Rocky , Rocky ! " duke ( tony ) you come through like a champ . paulie ( bellow ) yo , Rocky , the giant killer of Philadelphia ! Way to punch out that friggin’ tomato can , rocko ! we gonna drink a lake of vodka tonight ! Rocky look daze and turn to adrian . rocky see adrian ? adrian do not hear he over the clamor of the crowd . ( continued ) 10/27/89 , : 2 . continued : 2 rocky ( continue ; louder ) «ee adriant she turn to he just as Rocky 's leg buckle and he collapse to the floor . adrian Rocky !! rocky ( weakly ) I be alright . duke ( tony ) everybody get back ! the stunne crowd surge around the fall fighter . paulie rocko , what 's wrong ? get back ya 's ! every ounce of strength appear to have be drain from Rocky 's body . rivets of sweat cascade down he - forehead and chest ... he shiver slightly . adrian somebody please get a doctor ! rocky everythin 's spinnin’ . adrian do not get up . paulie , get some help . rocky ( helplessly ) why can not I get up ... my leg feel cold . duke ( tony ) everybody get the hell back . the man need air ! rocky I be not never feel like this . adrian you be go to a hospital . rocky no hospital . ( continued ) 10/27/89 '' 3. continued : ( 2 ) 2 adrian what be you talk about , you have get to go . two Russians in military uniform break through the crowd with a stretcher . they yell at the crowd in Russian . : rocky I be good , everything 's good -- just tired , real tired . adrian please let 's just make sure , please . rocky '' + . whatever you say , Mick . adrian 's face become ultra-concerned when she hear Rocky address she as Mick . they place he on the stretcher . rocky ocontinue ) «+ . stay with I . adrian I be here . they carry he away . ext . hospital - extreme wide shot - night ( moscow ) 3 the urban hospital sit massive and impassive in the center of the Russian metropolis . int . waiting room - night : 4 the gloomy area be desert . paulie pace and smoke . paulie I need a drink . how long they gonna take ? Duke ( tony ) shrug . paulie ( continue ) what the hell 's wrong with he ?! he always come through before . ( continued ) 10/27/89 4 . continued : 4 duke ( tony ) the man take the worse beatin 's I ever see , paulie look at he and light another cigarette . int , testing lab - day 5 the tiny room be very dark and totally sparse except for Rocky , who sit on a barber - type chair . twenty or more electrode be fastened to he forehead and temple region , his brow be stitched and bandage . his eye be terribly bruise . . the beam from a single bright strobe hang six foot away , directly in front of Rocky 's eye . int . next room - day 6 this dim area be fill with a small bank of monitor that be feed by a group of impressive - look computer . int , next room - day 7 on screen : a array of ten different angle of Rocky 's brain be undergo analysis . adrian stand beside dr . kroskin ( forty -five , medium height , glass , keen expression ) . beside the doctor be two Soviet assistant , adrian how be you feel , Rocky ? CUT to : int . testing lab - rocky - day 8 the strobe flash brightly into he eye . rocky with all this wire , I feel like a radio . I be gettin’ tired here , adrian . cur to ; '' 10 will 12 13 14 10/27/89 ' 5 . int . next room - adrian she face the Doctor , whose eye snatch a glimpse at adrian . adrian how much longer ? dr . kruskin ( accent ) the test will be complete soon . adrian ( into the microphone ) not much longer , Rocky . ( to Dr. kruskin ) why do he fall down like that ? dr . kruskin we will soon know . cur to : int , testing lab - rocky - day he squirm in the chair . rocky I do not wanna miss the plane . int . testing lab - extreme closeup - rocky's eye int . testing lab - extreme closeup - strobe light the strobe flash a blind glare into the lens and the scene cut . CUT to : int . dr . kruskin' office - day the room be very dark except for a eye-level bank of view screen ( 24 " tv monitor ) , int . dr . kruskin' office ~ closeup - adrian - day she stare at the image . 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 10/27/89 int . dr . kruskin' office - extreme closeup - dr . kruskin - day 15 he enter the shot and point to a colorful section of a normal brain . dr . kruskin instead of he brain reacting ina normal pattern such as this , the information be receive in a distort fashion . int . doctor kruskin' office - closeup - day he gesture to a jdentical image of Rocky 's brain . Rocky enter the room . everyone freeze in anticipation . rocky how would I do ? do not find nothin' , right ? dr . kruskin do you wish to talk informally ? rocky yeah , what 's wrong ? adrian tell he , please . dr . kruskin ( point to the graphs} because of the many violent strike to the head , you have develop a condition call '' cayum septum pellucidum , " & hole in the membrane separate the ventricle . the brain surface neuron in this area have also at ? be traumatize . jot rocky ee ( unnerve ) <~ adrian , what 's this all mean ? dr . kruskin you have suffer damage to the brain . the test show the motor response be impair as well as memory . 16 ( continued ) 16 10/27/89 continued : 16 rocky I remember everythin' . ask I somethin’ , I have still get my mind . - dr . kruskin the test have conclude ... rocky ++. I hear , yeah , so when do this get better ? dr . kruskin better ? I be sorry to say this , but you have irreversible damage . rocky I feel okay -- I feel good . adrian Rocky , you have get to retire . rocky retire ? I do not wanna retire -- not like this , not in no office . I just fight the best fight of my life , I just do that ! . adrian you have severe head trauma . rocky he could be wrong , anybody can be wrong ! adrian I do not think he be . rocky he 's not God . only God be not wrong ! TI do not care , I gotta see other doctor , I do not even know he name . adrian , a fighter 's suppose to go down ... Long pause . adrian Rocky ? rocky «+. suppose to go down in the ring , not like this , not in here . it 's not suppose to end like this . ( continued ) 16 17 10/27/89 . 8 . continued : ( 2 ) 16 dr . kruskin to continue to fight could be fatal ! adrian Rocky , we be secure , you do not need to go on prove anything , you have do it all . rocky do it get worse ? I see a lotta punchy guy walkin’ around not knowin ' what 's goin ' on , can that happen to I ? adrian will it get worse ? dr . kruskin in most average case it can be progressive , but there 's nothing average about you husband , he be a great sportsman . adrian go over and embrace Rocky . adrian ( softly ) no one have to know . int . hospital hallway - day 17 Rocky walk out with adrian and Dr. kruskin . paulie and Duke ( tony ) approach . duke ( tony ) how ya feelin' , champ ? rocky Real good . paulie beautiful . so , rocko , let 's blow this country before they make we join the Army . Rocky nod . paulie ( continue ) hey , rocko ... ( continued ) 17 18 19 10/27/89 9. continued : v7 rocky yeah ... paolie helluva way to spend New Year 's , huh ? rocky se . yeah , they disappear around the corner . dissolve to : ext . jetliner - long shot - night 18 a commercial jet be see soar through the night . a full moon be see in the b.g . int . jetliner - night 19 the camera dolly back among all the sleep passen - - ger in first class . it roll past paulie and Duke ( tony ) who be fast asleep . paulie have five empty miniature scotch bottle on the fold - out tray . the camera arrive at Rocky and adrian . he be awake , so be she . they be both lose in deep think . Rocky 's head lean on adrian 's shoulder . rocky adrian ... adrian yes ? rocky think thing be gonna change between we ? adrian of course not . rocky I do not care none what happen to I , just so nothin’ ever happen to we . adrian it will not . Rocky close he eye and stroke she hair as the screen dissolve to : 20 21 22 23 24 10/27/89 10 , ext . INTERNATIONAL airport - day 20 a 747 jetliner 's wheel belch smoke as the massive machine set down on the runway . ext . airport tarmac area ~ day / 21 the area be cramme with a swirl potpourri of rabid fan . Young child , like many of the crowd , hold up banner and sign welcoming they hero home . CUT to ; ext . airport - tarmac area - day 22 at the reception gate a herd of reporter and minicam crew wait for Rocky to get off the plane . cuut to : ext . airport - jet - day 23 Rocky , adrian , paulie ( wear a american flag around - he shoulder ) , and Duke ( tony ) exit the plane . Rocky be wear sunglass to hide the bruise . Rocky be overwhelm by the reception . rocky what 's this ? paulie ( gesture to the Reporters ) I call ahead . Nice turnout , whatta ya think ? Rocky approach the Reporters . rocky ya do not think they know . adrian they do not know . ext . airport tarmac reception gate - closeup - 24 female airport official - day lead rocky JR . a Security Guard be with she . the official approach Rocky . Rocky Jr. run to he ather . ( continued ) bl 24 24a 11/6/89 continued : rocky JR . dad , dad ! adrian do not say anything to he yet , okay ? rocky c'mere , slugger ! how 's superboy ? rocky JR . I be fine . hi , Mom , hi , uncle paulie . adrian okiss he ) hello , sweetheart . rocky JR . you face look sore . rocky foo much shavin ' . official Mr. balboa , I be Sheila downs . I be with Airport Security . we will help you through this crowd . there 's a press reception inside , of course . the entourage be near the entrance . CUT to : ext . airport tarmac reception gate - day will . 24 24a * suddenly a high school march band step into view . * they be play a rowdy fight song . paulie yo , rocko , ya gotta band meetin’ ya . official this be not schedule , I be sorry . rocky what 's this ? adrian I do not know . : paulie do not look at I , I do not do nothin ' ! { continued ) bl 24a 11/6/89 12 . continued : 24a Rocky and company look up as a limousine appear through the center of the band . written on the side of the limo be " g.w. duke promotion . '' a voice boom from a loudspeaker in the limo 's grill . duke nboom ) Rocky balboa , stay where you be ! this be George Washington Duke welcoming you home , champ ! rocky JR . this be radical ! . duke people , please hold it where you be ! a large black man in he fifty approach . his name be GEORGE WASHINGTON duke , raconteur , playboy and ultra successful fight promoter . at he side be he assistant and yes man par excellence , merlin sheet . he be in he late thirty or early forty , he be of average or slightly below average height . even though he have a perennial smile stretch across he face , he ~ eye radiate a pit bull tenacity . beside merlin be a burly black heavyweight fighter name union cane . with he close cropped or shave head cane radiate a power - ful presence , he be in he middle thirty , a civil man . duke you do such a extraordinary job , champ , you deserve a royal welcome home , and here it be ! congratulation for a wonderful performance , champ . rocky thanks -- this be adrian . adrian hello . Rocky , it 's cold here and you have people wait . official this way please ... duke do not wanna hold up the procession , but I do wanna be the first to welcome back Philly 's favorite son and he lovely wife . please go on , we will see you inside , champ ! cut to : bl 2483 11/6/89 13. int . PRESS conference - day Rocky be seat at a table with twenty microphone in front of he . tv light glare harshly in he face . adeian be beside he , paulie and son behind . four member of the PRESS be present . reporter # 2 Rocky , there be rumor of some physical complication after the fight . Rocky be at a loss . adrian that 's what they be , rumor . he 's very healthy . reporter # 2 Rocky , be there go to be a rematch ? rocky no thanks . I see a dog in the audience , that 's a cute animal ! paulie ( to adrian ) nobody ever ask I a question . Duke , cane , and merlin enter the room . reporter # 3 Rocky , recently the american Medical Association say that prize fight should be ban . do you agree with the doctor ? rocky absolutely , doctor should never fight . duke ( step forward ) champ , that be a beautiful answer ! that 's right , keep the doctor out of the ring ! now I would like to digress from the question and present a little exciting proposition for the media . now everyone in this city and certainly the world of sport know my reputation of promote some of the finest extravaganzas in this country ... merlin ( step up ) »» - in the world . ( continued ) 248 bl 24b 11/6/89 continued : 14 . ( 2 ) 24b duke +e. modesty 's a virtue , merlin , but hell yes , the world over ! so now with the press present , I want to ask you to be the rambunctious , flamboyant sportsman we have come to know you to be and offer this man here , Union cane , the opportunity to challenge you for the heavyweight championship of the World . cane step forward . rocky yeah , how ya doin ' , Union ? cane ( shyly ) good . reporter # 3 be not this bad timing , Duke , the man just get off the plane !! duke timing 's the essence of life , gentleman . and what I propose be not just a ordinary title fight , but a international superstar event . merlin the first of its kind ! none like it ! duke I be layin ' out the groundwork for a fantastic extravaganza . a super mighty fight to be hold in Japan that will be call '' lettin ' it go in Tokyo . " I have be breakin alotta bread with my little japanese brother a ' they have put they million where they mouth be ! so brother , what I have on paper be the large guarantee ever offer to a champion on this earth ! man , they do love you over there -- Rocky balboa , America 's dream Machine ! ( more ) ( continued ) 11/6/89 , 15 . 248 continued : ( 3 ) 243 duke ( cont 'd ) people , be not it incredible that only in America could a black man and a white man both rise from oppression , rise from poverty to join hand in a unbelievable international event like " lettin ' it go in Tokyo . " yes , only in America ! so , Rocky , all I need be you bless and you and Union cane will be part of the richest event to ever hit the orient ! adrian no , I do not think that 's possible . duke Mrs. balboa , you be not against you husband be a international ambassador of sport ? adrian no , but I be against my husband get hurt anymore . duke well , he look prime- time to I . merlin the " dream Machine " never look better . duke ai not that the truth . that 's what you be to folk , the '' dream Machine , " a world class champ . and a world class champ 's gotta be part of the planet , so can I say that in front of the press here -- balboa versus . cane in Japan for the title ? adrian no you can not . Rocky tense . duke ( to Rocky ) the people be wait for you to step up , brother . adrian my husband be retire . he 's decide he really have no more to prove . ( continued ) bl 11/6/89 24b continued : ( 5 ) reporter # 2 & # 3 Rocky , be this true ? be you give up the title ? rocky yeah , I guess so . rocky JR . dad , do not quit . you will not be famous anymore . rocky can I say somethin' ? duke ( draw closer ) a battle between you and cane would be worth a fortune , it 's prime time ! we all live once , retire ? Hell , when we die we be gonna retire for a eternity , do not rush it ! reporter let he talk . rocky ( to reporter ) y'know mickey use to say about fightin’ ... ( pause ) " it 's mind over matter , until it do not matter . " ( to adrian ) I know I would not have be doin ' good all this year without my adrian , she always keep my mind right . thanks . ( to the press ) and yo , thanks to youse ' cause except for a couple of shot now a ' then ya 's be really fair to I . thanks , it 's be great . Rocky lean over and kiss adrian , then stand . embrace Duke . ( tony ) rocky ( continue ) thanks , Duke . ( tony ) Rocky nod and turn to he son . rocky ( continue ) wanna go home ? 16 . 248 Rocky bl 25 26 11/6/89 17 . ext . rocky's mansion - dusk 25 a limousine pull up to the beautiful home and the family get out . the exterior of the home be do up with Christmas decoration . adrian we better get inside . you resistance be low right now . rocky JR . dad , I figure out I want to be a radio announcer . rocky what station ya gonna be on ? rocky JR . s.t.u.n. -~ that 's nut spell backwards . Rocky put he arm around he son and wife and walk towards the house ... he pause and stare up at the sky . rocky {takes a deep breath ) hey , junior , do ya ever notice how good New Year 's smell . gotta be the best smell of the year . rocky JR . except for birthdays . rocky yeah , birthdays have a great odor too . they move off ... paulie struggle with the luggage . paulie and carryin ' bag stink most of all . limo driver ( brightly ) I will get that , sir ! paulie callin ' I a weaklin ' ? the limo Driver freeze as paulie move past . CUT to : int . rocky's mansion - rocky's bedroom - dusk Rocky carry he bag into the room . ( continued ) 26 26 27 28 10/27/89 , 18. continued : 26 rocky JR . dad , come on down to my room , okay . rocky yeah , in a minute . Rocky set the bag down and rub he temple . he glance at some frame picture of himself and some with adrian from year before . rocky ( continue ) good picture ... Rocky go to a bedside table and pick up a phone book ( yellow page ) . he flip it open to no place in particular . rocky ( continue ; read ) St. Mary 's plumb , 255-1268 . he cover it with he hand and recite from memory . rocky ( continue ) St. Mary 's plumb , 255 -- 2 , l , no ~~ 2 , 1 , 2 ... he clenches he fist in frustration and close the book . he exit . cut to : int . rocky's mansion - dine room - night 27 adrian enter and see paulie pace at the far end of the dining table . he have a official - look letter clutch tensely in he hand . the dining room be quite moody with the only light come from a six - foot wide chandelier locate nearly head - height above the twelve - foot table . int . rocky's mansion - dine room ~- mo . shot - 28 night the camera pan with paulie as he absently siip a half - finish bottle of beer into the pocket of he baggy pants . ( continued } 28 29 10/27/89 . 19 . continued : 28 paulie nopen a second letter ) this can not be right , wide shot over paulie . adrian open the door fully . paulie freeze . adrian paulie , what 's wrong ? who 's the letter from ? paulie nobody , just a rotten bill . panning paulie . he move out of the dining room . int . rocky's mansion - upstair hallway - wide shot - 29 night the camera slowly move in toward a thin sliver of light that angle out of the door in front of Rocky Jr. 's room . voice be hear from behind the ajar door . rocky JR . ( 0.s. ) {radio voice ) hello , everybody in radio land . tonight I have a special interview with Rocky balboa . Mr. balboa , be it true you be really not go to fight anymore ? rocky ( 0.s. ) can not do it . rocky JR . ( 0.s. } why ? rocky ( 0.s. ) why ? how do ya spell that ? no , just kiddin' . rocky JR . ( 0.s. ) Mr. balboa , do not get mad or anything , but you sound different since you have come home . ( continued ) bi 29 30 11/6/89 , 20 . continued : 29 rocky ( v.0 . ) how different ? rocky JR . ( v.0 . ) different -- y'know , a little different . rocky I do not sound too bad , do 1 ? rocky JR . no , just different . int . rocky's mansion - rocky JR .'s bedroom - closeup - 30 rocky JR . - night as he father brushes he hair from he eye . the room be dark except for a light on the bedside table . the light be in the shape of a box glove . rocky different , huh , well , y'k now what the " B " side of life be ? rocky JR . no , what 's the " B " side ? rocky the " a " side be good , " B " side be kinda the throwaway . * rocky JR . what 's it mean ? * rocky it mean y'know , that when ya fight * each fight take a piece out of ya * that can not never be put back . * rocky JR . be there something wrong , dad ? * rocky I ?... no , not really . ah , I just want ya to know that sometimes ya might be thinkin 's I be actin ' different , y'know maybe like one of you kid friend instead of ya father , but I be ya-father a ' I love ya more than what 's legal . eee oe * Rocky hear angry voice come from downstairs . ( continued ) bl 30 31 32 11/6/89 continued : rocky JR . why 's mom yell ? rocky I dunno . hey , get some sleep , it 's good for ya bone . Rocky turn out the light . omitted 21 . 30 31 32 10/27/89 ' . 22 , 33 int , rocky's mansion - den - night 33 adrian be pace furiously as she berate paulie , who be stand at the bar . adrian hold a handful of crumble papers in she hand . adrian you deserve the worst for this ! the worst , paulie ! paulie ya think I do it on purpose ?!?! adrian it be not you money ! it be Rocky 's !! do you know what you have cost we ? everything !! paulie you wanna get hysterical , I do not need this . paulie start to move off . paulie . ( continue ) it be a accident . I do not think all this would happen . adrian do not you dare walk away ! you manage to give we life away a ' it 's just another minor problem to you ? do you understand the seriousness of this ? answer I !! paulie I understand it ! I understand the whole friggin’ thing ! ya accountant 's a thief , not I ! cuT to : 34 int . rocky's mansion - den ~- mo . wide shot - night 34 Rocky walk in and catch the full impact of paulie 's tirade . paulie I do what I think be right . good intention , right !? ( yell ) so do not blame I , I wanna kill the guy more than anybody . ( continued ) 34 34a 34b 10/27/89 . 23. continued : 34 rocky adrian , what 's goin 's on ? paulie she 's puttin’ it all on I . cut to : int . rocky's mansion - stairway - night 34a Rocky Jr. , hide half in the shadow , step up to the balcony railing and listen . int . rocky's mansion - den - night 34b adrian you be not turn this around ! rocky what would you do , paulie ? adrian he give we accountant power of attorney . paulie gave ? I do not just give , he send this letter a ' say since we be goin ' to Russia for a couple of month , he need power of attorney . adrian so why do not you show it to Rocky ?! paulie ' Cause he be busy , he mind be on the fight !! adrian he sign it ! paulie ( bellow ) I figure he would have sign it anyway !! adrian you could have ask I . he do not ask I because it would have be beneath he . he lose it all . ( continued ) bl 34b ~ 34c 35 36 ~ ~ 11/6/89 24 ; continued : 348 paulie ( scream ) it be not all my friggin’ fault ! adrian ( scream ) for once in you life be a man and shut up ! it 's go , Rocky , the money 's go . cuut to : int . rocky's mansion - stairway - night 34 c Rocky 's Jr. 's face turn ashen upon hearing this and the scene end . ext . office build - day 35 the city look bleak on this day . int , law office - closeup ~ day 36 Secretary sit at she desk type away . the camera pan off the young woman and track to the glass - front office of attorney michael moran , a attractive lawyer in he early forty . Rocky and adrian be also in the * conference room . adrian what you do be illegal , it 's the same as steal . paulie ( loudly ) I be not a thief , I be con into it , rocko . I never take a friggin ' dime ! adrian you just let someone else steal it . rocky how would the money go so fast ? moran easy , you accountant get involved * in some very large piece of * commercial real estate ... '' ( more ) ( continued ) bl 36 11/6/89 continued : moran ( cont 'd ) «». plan to flip they quick for a huge profit and have you money back before you notice it be go . unfortunately for everyone , the deal fall through and payment in the million be due . rocky ( pace ) what can ya do ? nothin ' ? moran eight criminal act have be file , but due to the tremendous debt payment on the property and six year of delinquent tax return and overdue mortgage payment , and I see no other way than to file for bankruptcy . adrian mortgage ? the house be fully pay for . moran apparently not . there 's nearly $ 400,000 still outstanding . how be this guy allow to operate so unsupervise ? rocky I trust he . adrian what do we do ? how be we ever suppose to get out from this debt ? moran why not a couple more fight ? adrian no , he 's retire , moran unretire . adrian no. moran commercial endorsement , there 's a possibility . 25 . 36 ( continued ) bl 36 11/6/89 continued : 26 . ( 2 ) 36 rocky I do not think so . moran why not ? rocky ' Cause I be not no charity case . all I get , I get with my hand . I be just a fighter , that 's what I use to do . ( pause ) I be not gonna do thing , sell thing a ' have this people laughin ' ' cause they know I be break . adrian want I to , but I , I wanna just be in a gym , just doin ' what I like . thing happen for reason ... ( long pause ) we . I be just a fighter , that 's all I can do . paulie stand . paulie I be not takin ' all the heat for this . I think I be doin’ smart business , you trust he . adrian smart business ?! paulie everythin 's a gamble , but ya do not know that ' cause ya be livin ' in this friggin ' fairy tale world where the friggin ' air do not move . ya like a goddamn season that do not change ! rocky hey , you do not talk to she like that ! paulie I be not no can to be kick ! everybody forget when she be a queen zero a ' you be a bum . I put ya 's together , I be responsible , but nobody ever give I credit for doin 's nothin ' ! I never get credit ! rocky credit ! all I get be go -- ( more ) ( continued ) tee ee eee eee 36 37 38 39 4u / 21/89 . ale continued : ( 3 ) 36 rocky ( cont 'd ) -- money to live , money for the kid to go to school so he do not ever have to be like mee see the thing be I see my family lose the roof over they head -- all that beatin 's for nothin’ ?! '' give ya credit ? ! " ya lucky I do not kill ya ! Rocky glare at paulie then turn to adrian . rocky ( continue ) adrian , I wanna go away from here , okay ? adrian rise , leave paulie strand in he own misery . ext . rocky's mansion ~ day 37 Cars be line up out front . a sign on the front lawn read '' estate sale . " int . rocky's mansion - day . 38 adrian stand in the rear of the live room as a auctioneer move from one piece of furniture to the next . a group of forty people mill around and make bid . paulie sit on the second floor landing as the auctioneer 's voice filter upstairs . paulie sip from a flask . Rocky Jr. enter the room and look at the crowd . rocky JR . why do not you get out ! get out ! ( to he mother ) it 's we house ! the boy run out of the stunne room . adrian follow . cur to : ext . pocky' mansion - garden - wide shot - day 39 Rocky 's figure be see stand on the edge of the barren garden . the sound of a auctioneer 's voice filter out . Rocky stare in the distance . ( continued ) 39 40 41 10/27/89 , 28 . continued : 39 through a obstruction of leafless branch , Rocky see Rocky Jr. run out of the house . Rocky be pain by the sight . cur to : int . rocky's mansion - dine room - day 40 the auctioneer stand before a large portrait of Rocky in he box garb . auctioneer a 1981 oil by leroy Neiman . the open please ... int . rocky's mansion - kitchen - day 41 Rocky drift into the kitchen as the auctioneer 's voice leak into the room . two men be carry crate into a adjoin room . Rocky self - consciously take off he glass . mover hello , champ . rocky mind if I look in they box ? mover sure . the man set the large cardboard box down and Rocky open the first one . he remove infant clothing and hold it up . Rocky open the second box and start to rummage through old clothing . he pull out he leather coat . adrian stand in the doorway . Rocky notice she . rocky putta lotta mile on this garment . she nod . Rocky dig in and pull out he crush hat . he slip it on he head and step up to adrian , rocky ( continue ; softly ) that 's great . adrian what be ? ( continued ) 4. 41a 413 10/27/89 . 29 . continued : 41 rocky it still fit . he put he arm around adrian . they head down the hallway . : rocky ( continue ) I be gonna go out for awhile . hey , could ya talk to the kid , he 's mad at I . adrian no he 's not . rocky ( exit ) maybe say something ' to make he feel better . ext . andy be bar - nigat 41a a pair of hard - core blue-collar construction worker type enter . int . andy be bar - night 41b a crowd be gather around Rocky who be very drunk with he hat tilt back . he sweat profusely as he relive he earlier ring battle with Apollo creed . rocky one jab , two , three ! Apollo 's doin 's a drum solo on my face ! right , right -- no , it be a leave hook . Rocky take a swill of beer from a bottle on the bar . rocky ( continue ) so what be happenin ' ? oh , yeah , he 's drilling I so I be seein ' bird , hearin ' music -- I get this disco goin ' in my head -- a ' I be lookin ' for a openin ' . Apollo 's pourin ' it on , bang , bang ... Rocky move to the center of the bar room . people be laugh behind he back . ( continued ) 10/27/89 30 . 41b continued : 41b rocky ( continue ) then I see itt his rib -- they get my name on them . I gotta get he rib or I be outta there . I see the openin ' -- zap -- I throw four left an' Apollo bend in half . I know I be gonna make the bell . drinker # 1 hey , ya talk a good fight . rocky how 's that ? drinker # 1 what ya doin ' here , go fight ! people laugh . rocky ya wanna throw a few to the head , yeah ? drinker # 1 I be not no pro , pal . rocky look , I be talkin ' here ... andy yo , rock , nobody want to see ya talk , go fight somebody . drinker # 2 he 's shot . rocky I be what ? drinker # 2 ya leg be go , rock , face it . rocky T be shot ? drinker # 2 hey , if ya be not , whatta ya doin 's here ? drinker # 1 Nice trainin ' camp . ( more ) ( continued ) bl 41b 42 11/6/89 continued : ( 2 ) drinker # 1 ( cont 'd ) ( to Andy ) another brew . andy forget it , rock . drink up . rocky how ' bout everybody here at one time . how ' bout it ? how ' bout everybody on that side of the room take I on . c'mon , make like frog a ' jump I ! c'mon , I be shot ! a couple of man smirk in the background . rocky ocontinue ) ya think I be funny ? I be a joke ? I come off this street , I take my beatin' , I see beautiful thing around the world a ' I talk with important people ! I do something ' with my life ! ya laugh when I come off this street , now I come back a ' ya still laugh ! andy c'mon , rock , everybody with ya , we be all the same here . rocky yeah , the same ? then how come they be not laughin ' at you ? I never belong here . Rocky stagger out of the bar . ext .- mausoleum - day 31 . 41b * 42 Rocky walk across the wet street and gaze up at the stone structure . 43 44 45 46 10/27/89 32 . int . mausoleum - day 43 Rocky be pace at the front of mickey 's crypt . flashback rocky I do not know how it all happen , Mick , but it do , and I do not know if I can take be down , ya think I can handle it ? I dunno . I sometimes lie to myself , like before I fight like I be not scared , but I always have scaredness , you know that . mickey ( v.0 . ) I do not care who ya be , ya gonna get hit . CUT to : ~ int . mickey' rundown room - 44 mickey and rocky - day they be sit in mickey 's rundown room . it be 1976 . present - flashback Rocky and mickey forget the pain ! pain be the name of the game . CUT to : int . mausoleum - rocky - day 45 rocky this never woulda happen if ya do not die . CUT to : - int . mickey' rundown room - day 46 mickey in the past . mickey ++. ask God for help if ya gotta , but do not blame the guy if ya get hit , blame yaself for leavin 's ya guard down . cut to : 47 48 49 50 51 10/27/89 present - int . mausoleum - rocky - day rocky thing outside the ring be harder than inside . cut to : flashback - int . mickey' rundown room - day mickey pace , Rocky be enrapture . mickey ya know I be gonna put this angel on ya shoulder a ' when ya get really hurt a ' think ya goin 's down , or think it 's all over , this angel 's gonna get in ya ear a ' scream , " get up , ya son of a bitch ! " no matter how tough it get , stand up a ' fight ! always keep ya angel 's feather clean ... CUT to : present - int . mausoleum - rocky - day rocky do not ever let the little bum hit the floor ... CUT to : flashback - int . mickey' rundown room - day mickey do not ever let the little bum hit the floor ! CUT to : present ~ int . mausoleum - rocky — day Rocky rub he scar eye and start to exit . rocky you be the angel . cur to : 33 . 47 48 49 50 §1 52 53 $ 4 10/27/89 : 34 , ext . mickey' gym - night 52 the camera pan down the sign and finally come to rest on Rocky . Rocky be now dress in he old original clothing . after a moment of reflection , he move , frown and insert a key . int . mickey' gym - closeup - door - night 53 it open and reveal Rocky , who move forward . Rocky hit the switch and a few antiquated overhead light snap on give the surroundings a eerie appearance , voice get the hell outta here before I call the cop !! Rocky turn in the direction of the voice . rocky nobody need the cop , Jimmy . int . mickey' gym - closeup - night 54 break window pane of a mashed cover door -- part of a face can be see . jimmy be that you , rock ?! rocky yeah . the door 's three lock unbolt and little jimmy appear like a mushroom out of the dark . the year have not be altogether kind . jimmy what ya doin ' in here ? rocky the chicken 's come back to roost -- whattya think ? .. timmy I think it 's great . ( pause ) rock , I be sorry ' bout the bad luck . anythin 's I can do ? {continued ) 10/27/89 . 35 . 54 continued : 54 rocky yeah , help pull this place together . y'know it 's the only thing mickey leave I , a ' now it 's the only thing I get leave . . jimmy . hey , rock , be not ya gonna be embarrassed comin ' back here ? it 's like goin ' backwards . rocky I be not go backwards . it 's like I just come around . Rocky start toward Jimmy and away from the camera . rocky ( continue ) so how the shower workin' ? jimmy they leak . rocky an’ the toilet ? jimmy Broken . Rocky laugh . rocky great how some thing never change ! §5 ext . rocky's mansion - night 55 the house look serene in the moonlight . a taxi pull up and Rocky get out . ' 56 omitted 56 through ' theu 64 64 64a int . rocky's mansion - kitchen - night 64a the kitchen be dimly light with the only light come from a lamp fixture over the sink area . the set be very shadowy . a television be on with the late news , a reporter be discuss Rocky 's bankruptcy . ( continued ) 64 a 10/27/89 36 . continued : 64a paulie set down a pint bottle of scotch , turn a knob on the oven and slowly open the door , stick he head inside . voice you do not need this . with he head still in the oven paulie turn and see Rocky stand in the shadow just outside the doorway . rocky what 's it gonna prove , paulie ? paulie just stare at Rocky . rocky ( continue ) nothin’ , just nothin’ . I can not afford to lose no more family people . paulie you should wanna see I dead . rocky why ? paulie why ? I wreck ya friggin ' life ! rocky ya do not wreck it . ya change it , yeah , ya do that , but I be not gonna say it 's wreck . paulie nobody can lose everythin ' a ' say it 's not over . how do ya go from bein ' a king to trash again ? rocky hey , do not say that . I be not no king , never . I be a pug who catch a break , that 's all . yeah , the money 's go , that 's a fact . so what be I suppose to do , kill myself ? we live great for a few year , now we be gonna live like regular people . an’ to tell ya the truth , paulie -- I dunno , maybe it 's crazy , but I think I have most when I have nothin’ . ( continued ) 64 a " 10/27/89 : 37 . continued : ( 2 ) 64a paulie ya want I outta ya life ? maybe ya wanna hang around with some new people . rocky ( pat he on the shoulder ) they say ya a bum , an’ they say I be punchy . so together we equal a average person -- so I do not need to meet new people . paulie hug Rocky and the fighter depart . paulie rocko , I still get my place in the ol’ neighborhood -- need a place , just ask . Rocky nod and start to dolefully exit . rocky be ya really gonna do yaself in with the oven ? paulie yeah , I be . rocky I do not think so . paulie why ya say that ? rocky ' Cause it 's a microwave . Rocky turn and walk out . as he pass the doorway , he see adrian 's dim figure ten foot in front of he . she 's hear everything . ' they slowly embrace in the bleak surroundings . rocky ( continue ) I be gonna make it better . the camera drop back revealing the barren live room and foyer . Rocky und adrian look like two people totally out of place and time . ~ 65 66 10/27/89 . 38 . ext . paulie' row house - lower CLASS neighborhood ~ 65 day a group of about twenty - five neighbor and curiosity seeker gaze across the street . a couple of neighbor have video camera . four middle - age lady hold a sign that read , '' welcome back Home . " Rocky and Jimmy be carry out box of clothing . Rocky hoist a box contain trophy . jimmy that stuff must be worth a fortune . rocky only to I . neighbor ( 01d woman ) good havin 's ya 's back . anythin ' ya need , ask . neighbor happy Valentine 's Day . you can be my Valentine any time , sweetie . rocky appreciate it . cur to : int . paulie' row house - day 66 paulie put some box in the corner of the live room . he look out the window at the neighbor . Rocky enter . paulie why do not they go find some other accident to stare atl ! ( to Rocky ) rocko , even if it 's my joint , ya an' the sister be welcome to the big bedroom , no charge . rocky ( dry ) ya too good to I . paulie hey , I know ya feelin ' down but ya should be glad I hang on to this place . {continued ) 66 67 10/27/89 : . 39 . continued : 66 Rocky nod and go down the basement stair . paulie look at Jimmy . paulie ocontinue ; glance around ) I do something ' right -- right ? Rocky move out back . CUT to : ext . paulie' row house - back yard ~ day 67 the dilapidate house have a tiny concrete yard sur - round by a peel , nondescript color wooden fence . adrian and Rocky Jr. be argue in the back yard . Rocky Jr. be pace with agitation . there be fear on he face . rocky JR . I do not want to ! I can not , Mom , I do not know what to do ! I can not , Mom . please do not make I go there . Rocky stand at the door and listen to the animated conversation . adrian you have to enroll today . after the first day everyone will get to know you and they will be you new friend . rocky JR . I do not want new friend . why can not I have my old friend ? why can not dad fight again and make some money ! why can not he do that ? . adrian because he can not . " rocky jr. ( override ) why would he have to lose all he money ?! adrian junior , you do not know what you be talk about ! ( continued ) bl 67 11/6/89 '' 40 . continued : 67 rocky JR . Mom , since we be in a new neighborhood , can you call I Robert . I want to be call by ny real name , junior 's go to get I kill . Rocky walk out of the back door . rocky hey , superboy , be not -- be not ya gonna be late for school ? Rocky hold out he hand . rocky ( continue ) c'mon , let 's take a walk , junior . rocky jr. ( softly ) Robert , okay ? the child guide himself past he father . adrian look sympathetically at she husband . . rocky the kid 's really startin’ to hate I , right ? adrian just talk to he , he 's scared . rocky I owe he better than this . adrian you have no reason to feel guilty , it be not you fault . rocky one more fight , we be out . ( continued ) 10/27/89 41 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 adrian do not even think that way ! rocky it be just thinkin' . what ya gonna do today ? adrian ; I call the pet shop , they say I could work part time . 5 adrian adrian , ya too good , too smart to work there . adrian I feel comfortable there , it will be fine . Rocky kiss she and turn . rocky God , do we ever leave this place ? he exit . ~ 68 ext . public school - day 68 Rocky come walk down the street with he son and paulie . around paulie 's neck hang a camera . rocky the most important thing be to learn ya lesson right . paulie ai not that where the Atomic hoagie shop be ? rocky yeah , I dunno. {to he son ) ya gotta make no misake , no cheatin' , studyin ' be ... paulie glance around . paulie rocko , what happen ? some disease eat this place or what ? ~ ( continued ) 10/27/89 . 42 . 68 continued : 68 rocky oe . I dunno. ( to son ) in school , do not look over at the next desk a ' cheat ... paulie like we do . rocky ' Cause someday the desk might be empty a ' now ya on ya own a ' ya . better know more than the next bum or ya gonna be leave out in the cold . paulie like we . rocky yo , I do not mean that . see , life can get very crappy sometimes a ' if ya get smart a ' learn everythin ' ya will go zoom to the top an‘ nobody can ever touch ya . - Rocky Jr. turn away from he father and eye the dread public school . rocky JR . please , dad , I do not want to go to this school . rocky ya gotta . rocky JR . why ? paulie to meet broad . rocky listen , school be necessary for mental health . rocky JR . I be gonna get punch . I have be hearing the kiis around here say it all the time . everybody want to fight Rocky 's kid -- would not you if you be a kid ? ( continued ) 68 om 1 ! ~ 638a ~ 10/27/89 , 43. continued : ( 2 ) 68 paulie Boy make sense . ( to Rocky ) want I give he a blackjack until he get acquainted , Rocky look at paulie . rocky hey , ya special , be twice as nice as ya gotta ' cause they will not expect that , okay , Rocky go to hug he son . the boy back off when he see several hard - look youth stand fifty yard away . rocky jr. ( very self - consciously ) do not do that , dad . rocky sorry , good luck . rocky JR . yeah . Rocky Jr. head for the entrance of the school . Rocky look crestfallen . paulie c'mon , he 's gotta grow up , rocko . they start to move away . paulie pick up the camera and start unscrew the lens . paulie ( continue ) ¥'know what I like best about kid ? rocky what ? paulie that they belong to someone else . paulie bring the camera body up to he lip and take a swill of booze . they move on , ext . pet shop - day 68a through the window , we can see adrian work behind the counter , ~~ 68b 69 10/27/89 , 44 . int . pet shop - adrian be Pov - day 68b she see Rocky approach the gym across the street . CUT to : ext . mickey' gym - day 69 Rocky see she and start to approach . tommy ( 0.s. ) Rocky , Mr. balboa . Rocky turn and see a powerful - look blond man approach . he be hold a gym bag . tommy ( continue ) can I talk with you for a minute ? rocky I be on my way to talk to my wife . tommy just one minute . - rocky ( yell to adrian ) let 's do lunch ! ( to Tommy ) yeah ? tommy my name 's Tommy gunn , I be from ... paulie Tommy gunn ? ya better be tough with a name like that . rocko , it 's too cold , I be go inside . paulie start off . paulie ( continue ) Tommy gunn -- I like that . rocky it 's get a little cold here ... tommy I will make it fast . I come from Oklahoma , I have a amateur record of forty - five and one ... ( more ) ( continued ) 10/27/89 , 45 . continued : 69 tommy ( more ) I turn pro at eighteen and have eight fight and now that I be twenty , I just want to show you what I have get . just then a limo pull up . Rocky hear he voice over a loudspeaker . the limo door open and George Washington Duke climb out with he sidekick merlin sheet . duke Mr. Robert " Rocky " balboa ! good to see you again , friend . {to Tommy ) Boy , I have some business here , thank you , my man . step forward . rocky how ya doin ' ? duke get my health , what more can a man ask for ? merlin George would like to take a meeting at he office . what 's you schedule ? rocky I gotta work now . ; merlin I think you have nothing but free time , babe . rocky I gotta get to work . duke work ? where , here in this accident ? ( gesture toward the building ) you truly have fall on bad time , have not you , champ ? rocky ( start away ) it have good construction . bl 69a 698 11/6/89 , 46 . int . pet shop - adrian' Pov from across the STREET 69a adrian see this . she grab a jacket and start out the. door . ext . mickey' gym - day 693 merlin Rocky , wait , George want you to think about put on that damn glove again an’ pick up a hell of a payday , hear ? rocky ( unconvincingly ) I be retire officially . Tommy 's close enough to hear what 's transpire . duke bullshit to that notion , brother . let I lay out some data a ' fact . you do have marquee value , because you do put butt in the bucket , I be talkin ' ass in the seat ! a businessman with any sort of brain do not expire an’ retire when he can put ass into seat unless he 's sittin ' on he own brain ! only in America do we get this opportunity ! only here ! merlin George , Rocky 's get the picture , he know he 's get the touch . rocky what 's the story ? duke Union cane 's gonna be champ soon , fact of life . when he be , challenge he an‘ damn if you will not be right back on you sweet foot with this one match -up . ' Cause people love comeback , they love longshot , they love fairy tale , an’ brother , there 's nothin’ in box more ultra commercial than a ultra fairy tale comeback of a down - on- he - luck snow - white underdog ! Hell , ya will be too rich to bitch ! like Mark twain once say , " virtue have never be as respectable as money ! " ( continued ) ed +e ee ee bl 69b 69c 11/6/89 continued : 47 . 693 Tommy be drink all this in . merlin hear what he 's sayin ' , you be the * great white hope . rocky you mean great white dope . merlin ( mock concern ) hey , do not run yourself down . George , he should not be doin 's * that , he 's the best . * duke Hell no , do not do that , ya still get drawin ' power a ' boxin ' be not nothin 's but show business with * bruise , pure an’ simple ! and * hell , Union cane can fight five other contender , but who care about a string of nobody , they be muscle , but be not get no - mystique . now cane 's old , a ' yeah , he 's still the best around -- {to merlin ) -- but I think he could take he . merlin who , Rocky ? in shape -- guarantee ? CUT to : ext . mickey' gym - day 69c adrian approach from behind . Tommy step aside . duke this comeback 's in the bag an’ worth million . we will all fill we pocket . a ' if ya get people you wanna work with ya , bring they on . crumb from the table of plenty feed many . this deal be hot -- calliente ! merlin Rocky , George make sense . adrian no he do not . ( continued ) bl 69c 11/6/89 continued : duke where would you come from ? Mrs. balboa just appear ! do you see that , the woman 's magic . merlin she 's special , no doubt . adrian look , Mr. Duke , Rocky may want to fight , but he 's not go to . duke what 's everyone do for dinner ? adrian he 's stayin ' retire . duke ( harder ) I be talkin ' business now , a ' brother , do you like be poor ? do you like reachin ' in ya pocket an’ only feelin’ ya leg ? you can have you wife do ya rappin ' , but I be gonna tell you you blowin’ ya last golden opportunity to dump this loser image so you never have to work in a trash house like this . man , get in bed with I a ' I will make ya so much money you and you wife will be able to swim in it . ( to adrian ) you can swim , right ? {to Rocky ) what do you say ? adrian ( to Rocky ) what do you say , Rocky ? Rocky look at adrian then pause . rocky like she say , I be do . duke brother , ya gotta car license ? get something ' like that ? rocky why ? 48 . 69c ( continued ) '' +e ee bl 69c 11/6/89 48a. continued : . 69c . duke ' Cause someday I might need a new limo driver . Duke look hard at Rocky then brushes past Tommy and head to the limo . merlin you do not put the burn on people like Duke . he move away . adrian I know it 's hard , Rocky . rocky I would go for it , y'know , if you be not here . ( continued ) 69c 70 71 407 2//89 , 49 , continued : ( 2 ) 69cc adrian I know . rocky c'mon you , go get inside , can not you hear they animal call , adrian kiss he and depart . tommy can I talk with you now ? rocky my head 's a little busy now . Rocky enter the building , leave Tommy alone . omitted 70 int . school - day 71 Rocky Jr. move along the hallway as student flow in and out of class . a group of four youth follow - behind he . the leader be name chickie grabowsky , a slavic-look , mean-spirited bastard . a girl name jewel be also a member of the group . Rocky Jr. 's leather coat stand out . jewel hey , be not you Rocky 's kid ? rocky JR . Excuse I ? jewel I say , be not you ... chickie he hear -- ya Rocky 's kid , right ? rocky JR . yes , how're you do ? chickie my name 's Chickie , I like ya coat . rocky JR . thanks . chickie ya know what ? ( continued ) 71 10/27/89 continued ; Rocky Jr. he smack so . 71 rocky JR . what ? chickie ya ol ' man 's a punk . jew ! c'mon , Chickie . swallow hard and move away . chickie ya hot for he or somethin' ? ' jewel what 's the matter with you ? chickie ( to Rocky Jr. ) ya ol ' man 's a punk . he quit before somebody kick he ass . rocky JR , that 's not true ! chickie ( mockingly ) " that 's not true . " wanna do something ' bout it ? you callin ' I a liar ? Rocky Jr. in the back of the head . rocky JR . no , no , I be ... chickie ( shove he ) I be what ? I be what ? ya wearin ' my coat ! gimme my coat . jewel do not take he coat . chickie jewel , ya wanna beatin ' ? ( to Rocky Jr. ) a 's if ya do not want a beatin ' , I want some money every day -- get that ? Chickie slap Rocky Jr. half - heartedly on the side of he head . ( continued ) 71 72 72a 173 10/27/89 , 51 . continued : ( 2 ) 71 chickie ( continue ) how come ya get my coat on ? Rocky Jr. glare at Chickie . jewel ( softly ) better let he have it . Rocky Jr. swallow he pride and remove the coat . ext . mickey' gym - day 72 the street be active with traffic . CUT to : overhead 72a a elevate train rumble through the neighborhood . several black fighter be see enter the gym . - int . mickey' gym — day 73 the gym be alive with thirty fighter pound away on a assortment of equipment . paulie stand at the front door . paulie be speak with a black teenager dress in a sweatsuit and a brim hat . he hold up a pair of old sweat sock . paulie this sock here be five buck a piece . worn by Rocky many time ~~ very valuable , teenager what more you get ? paulie rare item . ( pull a cup out of he pocket ) rocko drank out of this . ten buck for you . teenager how do I know he drank outta it ? ( continued ) 73 74 7s 407 61/89 52 . continued : 73 paulie ya blind ? t c’mere , see the lip mark . the teenager move inside and paulie turn back and see Tommy . paulie ( continue ) Tommy gunn . - tommy be Rocky busy ? CUT to : omitted 74 int . mickey' gym - rocky - day 75 wearing he trademark hat , he stand on the apron of the ring observe two Latin fighter . Jimmy stand beside he . rocky that 's the way , chico . move the foot -- c'mon , ya not the mumny , move -- to the leave , now right . yeah , change the music . the fighter do as instruct and the bell end the round , paulie come over with Tommy . paulie you remember Tommy the gunn ? he want to fight -- fr say , then get marry . Rocky smile and turn to Tommy . rocky ( gesture ) there 's the ring , kid . jimmy ( to Tommy ) go change over there . ( to a big heavyweight hit the bag ) benson , wanna move a little ? ( continued ) 7s 76 through 80 81 10/27/89 a 53 . continued : 75 benson , a hard - look fighter , nod yes and whacks the heavy bag . paulie yo , rocko , I be shovin ' off to the meathouse . i'11 palm some steak tonight . paulie atart to move off . rocky hey , paulie , whatta ya doin’ with my toothbrush ? paulie souvenir -~ people like they . twenty buck I can get . Rocky take the toothbrush , rocky I enjoy this brush ! paulie ( walk away ) ya get any old underwear ? keep ‘em , they be worth a fortune ! paulie exit as people turn and smile at Rocky . omitted 76 through 80 int . mickey' gym - ring - day 81 Tommy be in the ring with benson . Jimmy be stand beside Rocky . jimmy neye Tommy ) that 's how tall I shoulda be . rocky short people live longer . jimmy how 's that ? ( continued ) 10/27/89 . , 54 . 81 continued : 81 rocky ya always hear storey ' bout the little old man who do this or the tittle old man who do that , but 1 hever hear much storey ' bout the " big " old man doin ' nothin ' , jimmy I feel better already . rocky okay , kid -- let 's see what ya get . the bell sound and Tommy move out against the spar - ring partner name benson . jimmy go easy , benson ! Tommy start forward and throw several jab . Rocky be impressed . al silvani drift over beside Rocky . he be a cut man . al not bad . - rocky jab , jab -- double-up ! Tommy in he need to impress start bombing away . he miss a wild leave . jimmy damn , be there a draft in here . benson move easily then suddenly lash out and catch Tommy with a leave to the gut and right to the jaw . benson move in and be suddenly meet by Tommy 's two - fisted assault . Tommy pound the sparring partner into a corner and unleash a furious barrage . benson try to move out of the corner , but be back up . jimmy ( continue ) whatta ya think ? rocky time ! ( continued ) bl 81 11/6/89 ss . continued : ( 2 ) 81 Tommy doublenhook to the body . benson buckle to one knee . jimmy time ! Tommy cease fire . rocky get ear trouble , I say timel benson ( gasp ) what 's you problem , man ? Rocky turn away . rocky ya do not listen too good . tommy sorry I get wild , be in front of you be not easy . the big fighter climb out of the ring . ° benson ( walk off sulk ) we gonna do it again , hear ? tommy ( to Rocky ) I be sorry , man , but he fire on I first . rocky I see ... tommy what do ya think ' bout the way I move ? rocky like a slot machine -~ too much with one arm , ya foot be square - off a ' ya pushin’ ya right . but ya get no dog in ya , ya gotta lotta steam . tommy so you think you want to do it ? ( continued ) eee bl 81 11/6/89 continued : 55a . al rocky do what ? tommy handle I , teach I . I travel all the way cross -country to ask you that . rocky oh no , what ya need be ah , real management . that 's not my specialty . ( continued ) 10/27/89 : 56 . 81 continued : ( 3 ) 81 tommy how ' bout you tryin' to manage I , unless you think I get nothin ' goin’ . rocky no , ya get good tool ... ( long pause ) ++. but the only thing I manage be to screw up my ... forget it . tommy you would be good . rocky hey , there 's a lotta manager that would clam right on to you . tommy I do not trust ‘em . I know you would do right with I . rocky good luck . ( Rocky pause , then turn back ) a ' listen , y'know , pick good . mickey use to say ... ( pause ) ++» ah , sometimes the most dangerous guy to a fighter be not the guy across the ring , it 's the guy standin ' behind ya . see ya . Rocky walk towards the dress room . jimmy you be crazy -- take ‘em on . that kid get crunch in he punch . rocky " crunch in he punch . " ( smile ) ya talk a lot for a little old man . jimmy at least I will live long . Rocky smile and move through the dress room . 8l a 82 10/27/89 57 . ext . school ~ day 81a several block from the building , Rocky Jr. walk home . his face be bruise . jewel appear , she cautiously look over she shoulder . Rocky Jr. be miss he coat . ewel how ya doin ' ? Rocky Jr. remain silent . jewel ( continue ) ya cold ? ya look cold . rocky JR . do not worry about it . jewel here , take my coat . I gotta sweater . rocky JR . no thanks . where 's ya boyfriend ? jewel him ? forget it . he need to get manners , class -- y'know . hey , I be jewel , by the way . rocky JR . I be gonna get my coat back someday . jewel good . so how be it be rich ? they walk off . ext . mean STREET - night 82 paulie and Rocky cross the wet street . paulie have a assortment of package meat in he arm . he wear a plastic hard hat from the meat house . lame Christmas decoration be up . paulie ( drink ) walkin ' in a ' out of the freezer 's killin ' my bone . how come you do not have arthritis ? rocky ai not I get enough . ( continued ) 11/6/89 82 continued : ' paulie listen , I palm some flank , some chuck , filet ... nreach in he pocket ) +e. and a joint for soup . ( he sip from a flask ) _ God , I wish I own this company . 58 . 82 Rocky and paulie walk past a group of young people hud - dly around a burn trashcan . they look drugge - out and physically deplorable ... Three of the people be from " rocky I . " maria and chip tooth be also present . druggie # 1 hey , man , do not ya use to be Rocky ? {to friend ) do not he use to be ... rocky yeah , how ya doin ' ? y'k now guy use to sing here ? druggie # 1 yeah , get any spare change ? paulie you dirtball too crippled to work ? ( to Rocky ) ' Cause of bum like this the jap be buyin ' up the country . marie hey , we be not bum , dirtball . paulie tense . paulie ya open ya mouth bigger , I can put my foot in it . rocky yo , time . hey , Marie , that you ? you who I think it be ? Marie ? marie yeah , it 's I . rocky ah ... whatta ya doin ' here ? marie what 's it look like ? I be stayin ' warm . ( continued ) 11/6/89 59 . continued : ( 2 ) 82 rocky I do not believe this . marie what ? rocky like yesterday I see she , she be this kid . I think ya woulda get marry by now , y'know . marie I be marry , man . she point . a dense-look druggie sit on a card - board box . he be zone out . marie ( continue ) my of 1 ' man . rocky Marie , ya remember when ya be young a ' I be walkin ' ya home . talkin ' ' bout ... marie ++. my rep , ya say be good , or I will get this bad reputation . rocky ya gotta do something ' with ya life -- look at ya . marie mlaugh ) look at you . get any change ? Rocky fish a buck out of he pocket . Rocky look at Marie and move away . paulie here ... ( he pull out the joint and toss it to the bum ) «+. get healthy -- make some soup . they start to walk up the street . paulie give money to bum , ya keep ‘em bum . ( continued ) ee ee 40/27/89 : 60 . 82 continued : ( 3 ) 82 rocky that be Marie , remember that cute girl . what happen ? paulie hey , this be not no health resort , rocko . rocky this could be my kid . paulie no way . rocky do not say no . yeah , it could be . Rocky look across the street and see a dark figure come towards he , tommy ( 0.s . ) Rocky ? rocky yeah ? - paulie who 's that ? CUT to : 83 ext . rocky's STREET - tommy - night 83 this large man step into a pool of light create by a streetlamp . rocky what 's he name ... ah ... paulie Tommy . rocky Tommy , right , tommy I want to try again . rocky I wanna help ya out , but I do not know how to do managin ' . ( continued ) 10/27/89 : 61 . 83 continued : 83 tommy all I be askin ' for be a chance , that 's all -- one chance . if I do something ' wrong , somethin’ ya do not like , ya will not have to throw I out , I will leave , but I know I can deliver . I mean , what have ya get to lose ? rocky me? nothin ' . it 's what ya get to lose . tommy what do you mean ? rocky y'know , if I do not do all the right thing a ' ya do not make it , I do not want you blamin ' I . the only thing I ever train be my deg . listen , maybe go home , talk thing over with family people , maybe they can come up with somethin’ better , y'know . tommy I be it , there 's just I . all I get be what ya see here . Tommy move forward . tommy ( continue ) I know everything about you from back when ya have ya first fight with Apollo creed . I read how nobody believe in you , how nobody ever give you a chance . I do not come from the same street as you do , but I be hungry like you be . fightin ' be all I get goin ' in my life . a ' without a chance to prove myself , I do not know , I might as well be standin ' with that guy over there . since I put on glove , I be waitin’ to meet you , ' cause I know if anybody could make I a winner , it be you . rocky kid , look over here . ya see a winner ? ( continued ) 83 84 85 10/27/89 - 62 . continued : ( 2 ) 83 tommy yeah , I do , you beat the best . nobody can ever say different . Rocky , you do not know I , but anythin ' you want I to do , I will do , an’ if I can not , I '11 crack my heart tryin' . I be not husslin 's you , all I be askin’ for be one chance , just one shot . Rocky study the young man for a long moment . rocky you hungry ? tommy ( smile ) eo a little . Tommy nod . they move up the street . rocky «+. c'mon . CUT to : . omitted 84 int . paulie' row house ~ dine room - nigrt 85 Rocky , Tommy , paulie , adrian , and Rocky Jr. be sit around the table . Rocky Jr. have a swollen eye . paulie hey , why do not ya whack the bum 's tooth out ? adrian that 's no solution , rocky JR . I could not . paulie why not ? adrian that 's not the issue , paulie . rocky what would this kid hit ya for ? ( continued ) aus sig 89 . 63 . 85 continued : : as rocky JR . ' Cause they be make fun of you , and I say something . rocky what would ya do ? rocky JR . what would I do , I lose . adrian and they take he coat . I will go over there tomorrow . rocky JR . no , do not . I do not want the coat . paulie ya will get ammonia a ' croak . adrian Rocky , you want to go or I ? rocky jr. { loud ) nobody go ! you will only make thing worse if you go . can not I do what I think be right , please ? rocky whatta ya think be right , junior -- Robert ? rocky JR . I do not know , maybe wear a football helmet . paulie take a bat , it work . adrian paulie , do not , he will think you mean it . paulie ( to Rocky ) it do . tommy y'know , I have trouble like that in school . every day I get it , and my father say to I , pretend the other guy be a balloon . ( continued ) 86 10/27/89 , 64 . continued : ( 2 ) 8s rocky jr. balloon ? I do not get it . tommy pop he hard , an’ this guy just go away . adrian Tommy , we son 's be teach to handle problem without fight . tommy sorry . rocky jr. {to he mother ) I be gonna get mangle , I know it . you realize that ? adrian I do not want you to fight , understand ? Rocky catch he son' eye and nod secretly as if to say , we will talk later . paulie flip the channel on the tv and arrive at a news station . a news clip of a heavyweight fight be see , paulie rocko , check this out . reporter ( v.0 . ) tonight , Union cane score a eighth round knockout to become the new heavyweight Champion , fill the vacate throne leave by Rocky balboa . we talk with the new champion . cor to : int . ring - night 86 Union cane sweat profusely and stand beside he promoter , George Washington Duke . reporter have turn thirty - five last month , this title must be very gratify . ( continued ) we o1/ d9 continued : intercut : Rocky do . 65 . 86 cane it be . I wait a long time for this opportunity . I wanna thank Mr. Duke for the opportunity . reporter you think age be slow you down , champ ? cane sure be not speed I up . reporter well , good luck . paulie rocko coulda bury he with one hand . rocky JR . Tommy , how long have you be box ? . tommy a few year . rocky JR . where do you learn ? tommy I be always get hit on by this one kid , so my mother send I to this club run by the cop , that 's where I learn . be fascinate . rocky JR . you mother send you ? see , Mom , why can not I learn ? adrian ( slightly upset ) because that 's not the way you have be raise . one fighter in the family be enough . if everybody 's finish , I will clear the table . tommy ( rise ) can I help ? ( continued ) bl 87 11/6/89 66 . continued : ( 2 ) adrian I have get it , thanks . tommy it 's gettin’ late , I better get goin’ . paulie I know that dump hotel where he 's stayin ' , forget it ! even the manager look like a cockroach . we get a place downstairs where ya can put yourself . rocky JR . where be I suppose to sleep ? paulie with I . _ rocky JR . please , dad , he snore and fart . paulie ' Cause I get nothin ' to hide . tommy thanks , but I '11 go back to my place . rocky c'mon , we get room here , I will show ya where the basement be . Rocky , Rocky Jr. and Tommy go down the step , leave adrian stare at the retreate man . rocky ( continue ; lamely ) ee . just tonight , it 's cold out . exit . CUT to : int . paulie' row house - basement - night Tommy look at the massive amount of trophy and award lie stack against the wall , and be amaze . tommy this be what it 's about . ( continued ) bl 87 88 11/6/89 '' 67 . continued : 87 he lift a huge silver cup and one of the several different type of championship belt . tommy ( continue ) this stuff be incredible . can I ask why you keep it down here ? rocky jr. {quietly } dad say it brighten the place up . Rocky walk over to a hang heavy bag . rocky Tommy , when ya throw ya leave * today I see ya turnin’ on ya toe * like a swingin ' door . ya hit from * ya hip , turnin 's ... why do not I * show ya more tomorrow ! * tommy thanks , I will give ya everythin ' I * get . Tommy shake Rocky 's hand . a pact have be silently declare . Rocky Jr. stiffen at the sight as the scene end . cur to : int . paulie 's row house - rocky JR .'s bedroom ~ night 88 Rocky walk he kid to the door . rocky JR . dad , will you help I as much as you help he ? I really need it , will ya ? rocky yeah , you be # 1 , always will be . rocky JR . thanks , dad. ( enter room ) dad , I meet this girl today . rocky yeah ? rocky JR . she be not bad . ' night . Rocky smile and close the door . cuT to : bl 89 -~ 590 ~ ~~ 11/6/89 . 68 . ext . paulie '’s row house - niget 89 a group of kid walk by the front of the house . they stare up at the light bedroom window -- the leader be Chickie . chickie Rocky 's a punk , c'mere a ' I will kick ya asst ! int . paulie' row house - rocky and adrian' bedroom 90 - night Rocky and adrian be lie in bed . the voice from outside be hear ... chickie ( 0.s. ) hey , champ , c'mon out and fight ! balboa 's a bum !! whip you ass , man . rocky kid , whatta ya gonna do , huh ? adrian Rocky , why do you ask Tommy to - stay here ? you hardly know he . rocky y'know , he need a break . adrian but he 's a stranger . rocky adrian , he 's get it -- he 's get both hand work . adrian Rocky , do not put all you hope on this boy , we will make out . rocky a pet shop be not where ya suppose to be , a ' my kid do not need to be scared . who know , maybe this could change thing . who know , maybe ? adrian lay on she side and Rocky roll next to she . rocky who know ... 92 92 93 =e artery int . paulie' row house ~ basement - high angle - 91 stairway Pov - night Tommy lie on a small makeshift bed . a tiny light cast a reflection of the impressive load of Rocky 's award ( silver cup , championship belt , large photo , plaque ) that lie against the opposite wall . Tommy study the championship belt in he hand . set - ting it down , he switch off the light . as he stare towards the elevate basement window that glow gray from the streetlight , the SOUND of a dis - tant speed bag begin to swell . as the camera push in on Tommy 's open eye , the scene dissolves . smash CUT to : int . mickey' gym - day 92 the gym hum with excitement as the fighter go through they daily grind . cur to : int . mickey' gym - day 93 Rocky stand beside the heavy bag as a thoroughly drench Tommy gunn pound away . rocky good , keep both ya duke firin ' away . mentalize what ya suppose to do . time ! tommy mentalize ? Tommy pause and regains he breath . rocky yeah , mentalize -- see yaself doin 's the right thing a ' they will happen , y'know . I forget some of it , but mickey use to drill into my head about how the fight be almost always 100 percent win right here in the skull . let 's go , time ! Tommy start pound away . 94 95 9sa 96 97 aus alsor . 70 . int . mickey' gym ~ day 94 across the gym Rocky Jr. be be instruct by Jimmy , the child awkwardly jab into a pair of punch mitt . rocky keep workin ' -~ hook , right hook , right . cut to : omitted 95 int . mickey' gym - rocky JR .'s Pov - day osa Rocky Jr. , who be feel very self - conscious , look at he father shower attention on Tommy , and grow jealous . CUT to : ext . school yard - day 96 Rocky Jr. be enter the building . he be intercept - by Chickie . chickie whatta ya get in ya pocket -- how much ? Rocky Jr. say nothing . chickie ( continue ) c'mon , let 's have it . jewel stand in the b.g . she be feel sympathetic for Rocky Jr. CUT to : int . mickey' gym - day 97 Tommy work the speed bag . Rocky look on , he be please . CUT to : shadowbox in the mirror , Rocky demonstrate a special move . Tommy perform it well . Rocky slap he hand in admiration . ( continued ) bl oh eg atest ence 97 98 99 100 100 a 11/6/89 71 . continued : 97 fon rocky = that 's it ! ya gotta eat boxin ' , 's think it , breath it ' till ... tommy ' til what ? rocky do not matter . hey , Tommy , I get this new rule , every day I try to forget something ' new . oh yeah , ya gotta think boxin ' until ya part of the ring , until it 's like ya street a ' nobody go on it but you . it 's in the head . time ! +e ee ee Tommy try to take in Rocky 's message . cur to : int . mickey' gym - day 98 Rocky Jr. stand on the side try to imitate he father 's move . Jimmy help out . int . paulie' row house - rocky JR .'s bedroom — 99 night Rocky Jr. be asleep . on one of he hand be a box glove . Rocky slip it off the child and kiss he . CUT to : int . paulie' row house - rocky and adrian' bedroom 100 ~ tight sbot - night : ad$tan be in bed . the light be out . she notice ' be not there , she rise . we she open the bedroom door and look out . int . paulie' row house - live room - adrian be 100a Pov - night she see Rocky in the live room demonstrate box move to Tommy . dejectedly , she close the door . scene fade . , 101 102 103 103a 104 mien : aye ae Wire ee 72 . ext . marketplace - day 101 Rocky and Tommy run through the predominantly italian neighborhood . people wave at Rocky as he pass . ( jogging ) : the belly be the ticket . kill the belly an‘ the head will fall . ya can break ya knuckle on a guy 's chin , y'know . eee Tommy glance around . tommy ( continue ) this be great . this must make you feel great . they love you . I hope people yell for I like this . rocky y'know the only people that really count be the one who yell for ya when ya nothin’ . they jog around the corner . fifty yard behind and struggle to keep up , be Rocky Jr. he quit run . - ~ CUT to : omitted . 102 & 203 int . meat house - day 103a Rocky be in the meat house with Tommy . Tommy be presently punch a side of beef . he pause and look at paulie who be dress like a meat cutter . tommy do he really do this ? Zz paulie = rocko hit many cow . ( gesture ) ext . STREET - mickey' gym ~ night 104 Rocky and Tommy be bundle against the cold as they jog up to mickey 's gym through the nearby train track . * ( continued ) 11/6/89 . 73 . 104 = continued : 104 rocky we use to do a cappella over there . tommy what 's a cappella ? rocky dip-dip-doo-wa-dip-dip -- y'know , it 's a bunch of drunk guy singin’ good noise . yo , gettin’ too tired to train ? tommy ( laugh ) yo , I be worried ' bout youl rocky ( smile ) oh yeah ? Rocky start to mime like he 's sparring with Tommy . he pause and look across the street at adrian and give * she a minor wave . he jokingly fake a punch at Tommy . —* and they both enter the gym building with great energy . * cuut to : 104a omitted . 104a * 104b ext . pet shop ~ day 104b * adrian be see peer out the storefront window . she '' see Rocky and Tommy enjoy each other company , but * disappointed Rocky do not even bother to come over . * 105 omitted / 105 * 105a expe old school yard - day 105a * Rocky dr. be alone do exercise on the monkey bar . * it be a lonely visual . in the background , jewel * watch he . 106 4 =omitted 106 * ad entice bl one ic osama 107 go mo 11/6/89 , 74 ext . museum step - day ( dusk ) and Tommy be pant at the foot of the tower be . tommy Race ya to the top ! rocky forget it . tommy ' praid I will beat ya ? rocky I run pretty good . tommy it use to dream ' bout this . rocky start the race . tommy on ya mark , get set , go . they both sprint up the stair neck and neck . it appear Rocky could win , but near the top he pur - posely slow down and let Tommy win . tommy ( continue ) I beat the man ! I do not believe it ! rocky c'mon , ya will wake the statue . Tommy slap Rocky 's hand and look at the statue of Rocky . tommy . man , y'know what I want ? I wanna ae be a great fighter . rocky yeah , ya will be a great fighter when ya beat a great fighter . tommy rock , how do ya think I would have do against you ? rocky I , I be easy . 107 7 i '' seep amy ane bebe . | bl 11/6/89 74a , 107a ext . paulie' row house - night 107a the front door open and adrian stick she head out . ~ pauji@ - be come up the porch step . he hold a a adrian paulie , where 's Rocky ? paulie ( drunk ) with wonderboy , whatta I know ? ( he angle past she ) here 's some free rib for ya from ya nice brother . adrian close the door . vane 10/27/89 78 . 107b ext . museum step ~ night 1078 Rocky and Tommy lean against the statue . they mood be introspective , tommy my ol 's man use to drink seriously . he would tie one on a ' then look to punch on I . man , he do that a lotta time . he would punch on mother , too . growin ' up , I never think about fightin’ nobody but my father . when I be thirteen I get in trouble at school and he tie I up a ' whipped I down below so bad I could not walk for a week . rocky a ' ya mom , what would she do ? tommy nothin’ . but the first man I knock out be my ol 's man . when I be in the ring I see he , sick , huh ? - rocky sick , but normal . yo , Tommy . tommy yeah ? rocky do not worry ' bout it , ' least ya have a ol ' man to punch out , tommy ' least you have a statue . rocky ( rise ) hey ... , ( he look at the statue ) '' +s do not ya use to be Rocky ? ( to Tommy ) c'mon , they start down the step . tommy tell I why you retire ? rocky . why , so I could train a bum like you . sree aee on . oa epg bl 107¢ 108 11/6/89 iwf . paulie' row house - night rand Tommy enter . slevision . 76 . 107 '' paulie be asleep in front of a well - wear blanket have fall off of Rocky cover he and head to he room . CUT to : int . paulie' row house ~ rocky 108 the door to Rocky 's bedroom open and he quietly enter . he remove he sweatshirt . adrian where be you ? I be worried . rocky oh , I be out doin ' road work . adrian I have not see you much lately . rocky I be sorry , the kid 's keepin’ I busy . adrian I go to the doctor today . rocky what 's wrong ? something wrong ? adrian I be pregnant . rocky no way , really ? c'mon , really ?! adrian really ! you do not seem too happy about it . rocky on yeah . I be , it 's just with thing the way they be . hey look , we do not gotta worry ' bout nothin’ . thing be gonna get better , yeah . a new kid -- that 's beautiful . adrian I be glad you be happy . adrian 's awake . ( continued ) rno | arne ora ree be br 11/6/85 , ' 71 . 108 continued : 108 rocky happy , ya jokin ' ?! it 's the best . listen , if it 's a girl , why do not we name it after ya mother . adrian pulcaria ? rocky yeah , pulcaria , a ' if it 's a boy , after Tommy -- okay ? y'know , if I * move he right , he 's goin ' all the way , I feel it . adrian , the kid 's special . adrian he must be . adrian stare at Rocky , then close she eye . CUT to : 109 int . SMALL fight club - niget 109 ... a very unsophisticate crowd mill around the motley ~ ring . the place be painfully reminiscent of the resurrection fight club at the very beginning of " Rocky I . " in the ring be two hapless middleweight -- one young , one old . the youthful fighter be administer a frightful beat on he past- prime opponent . the opponent be knock out . the crowd boos . cur to : 110 int , rear of arena - night 110 Tommy and Rocky be station near the rear of the be - Tommy pace nervously in the corner . a fat prom step up to Rocky . behind they be Al , Jimmy and : paulie . promoter ya boy 's on , rock . let 's move it , * this animal be restless tonight ! * Tommy remain taut and silent . rocky keep ya breathin ' slow a ' easy . ( continued ) 10/27/89 78 . 110 continued : 110 tommy yeah , I do not know if I be ready . rocky you be very ready . ya look real good . tommy I need another week , some more road work to get my leg right . rocky let 's go , ya in perfect shape . tommy look at that guy , what 's he record , rock ? as they move up the aisle , Tommy glance over at he opponent , a large , older , well - build black fighter who move up the opposite aisle ten yard away . rocky Tommy , y'know I have seventy - nine - fight , in every one I feel just like you ... I have , y'know , scaredness . Tommy look at he , then turn away . tommy I be not scared , I need more work . rocky hey , it 's the fear thing , we talk ' bout this a ' I tell ya it would happen . tommy ( glance at he opponent ) he do not look worried . rocky he be , everybody be . they just get way of dealin’ with it . tommy it make I feel weak , like I be yellow . they climb into the ring . the motley crowd begin its variety of taunt and cheer . ( continued ) 110 111 112 113 11/6/85 79 , continued : ( 2 ) 110 rocky c'mon , mickey , he laid it out good . the hero and the coward a both feel the same fear , y'know . the only difference ig the hero be willin ' to go for it . yo , Tommy , y'know I feel like a piece of I 's goin 's in with ya , so trust I . I be this angel on ya shoulder . Tommy nod and they embrace , Tommy 's opponent smile and make a derogatory gesture to he seedy trainer . Tommy notice the insult . tommy I be ready . montage 111 Tommy be see quickly dispose of he opponent . Rocky jump into the ring . headline 112 " rocky's robot clobber opponent '' CUT to : newspaper headline " rocky's man win easy in third " Tommy be see with he hand taise in victory by Rocky . cut to : int . mickey' gym - day 113 Rocky : be training Tommy . they fire a medicine ball haré into each other 's midsection . Tommy fire it very hard@ ’and Rocky almost drop it . paulie and little Jimmy lock away because they know what 's come . rocky that be real nice . my turn ! { continued ) 113 114 114a 114b 114¢ 114d 10/27/89 80 . continued : : 113 Rocky fire it back with great force and Tommy almost drop it . Rocky smile and shake a finger at he . cot to : int . better fight arena - ring - night 114 better crowd , better competition . Tommy be be maul by a short , muscular , black fighter . he be bull against the rope . watch intently from the audience be George Washington Duke . CUT to : int . better fight arena - ring - night 114a Tommy slip off the rope and set the black fighter up with two jab . Rocky , at ringside , be do the same physical action as Tommy . Rocky mime a uppercut . in the ring , Tommy throw a lead right follow by a leave hook and he opponent crumble to the canvas . whip pan : to Rocky leaping up in elation . whip pan : to George Washington Duke eyeing the scene with mount interest . he whisper to the well - groom man seat at he right . CUT to : int . better fight arena - ring - night 114b Tommy 's knockout . cur to : int . better fight arena - ring - night 114 ¢c fan be go crazy . cut to : int . better fight arena ~ ring - night 114d George Washington Duke be walk up the arena aisle drink in all of Tommy 's adulation . ( continued ) 114d 11s 116 117 118 118a i19 120 10/27/89 81 . continued : 114d duke ( to merlin ) this man 's get too much heat ! CUT to : omitted 115 int . mickey' gym - day 116 Tommy pound away at the speed bag . Rocky Jr. stand in the rear of the gym work out alone . he eye Tommy with envy . CUT to : int . dressing room - night 117 Rocky open a box and pull out he red , white and blue box short . he hand they to Tommy , who hug he in return . intercut : int . better fight arena - ring - night 118 dress in Rocky 's box color , Tommy be see drop - ping another fighter . int . mickey' gym - closer - day 118a speed bag . intercut : int . better fight arena ~ ring - night 119 Tommy nearly punch a large heavyweight through the rope . George Washington Duke look on . seat next to he be the black heavyweight champ , Union cane . int . mickey' gym - night 120 speed bag : push in . intercut : 120 a 120b 121 122 123 124 10/27/89 , 82 . int . better fight arena - ring - night 120a Tommy floor six man in spectacular fashion . CUT to : int . better fight arena - night 1208 assorted shot of fan , especially female , hold up sign for Tommy . ( example -- " superhunk , '' " hey , baby , " " I love tommy , " " rocky's robot # 1 . " intercut : int . better fight arena - night 121 Tommy be dance and jabbing beautifully . outside of the ring , Rocky be miming Tommy 's movement . Rocky throw a right cross . in the ring , Tommy do like - wise , and he opponent crumble . intercut : int . GEORGE WASHINGTON duke's office =- television 122 screen - day _ . in he skyscraper office , George Washington Duke watch Tommy and Rocky on a famous tv talk show . he reach for the phone . cut to : int . better fight arena ~ ring - night 123 Tommy win again . George Washington Duke be in the audience . he smile . the audience be extra heavy with young woman . Duke notice this . CUT to : int . dressing room - night 124 the door open and a huge gift basket with champagne be bring in . the large banner across the basket read : '' congratulation , from George Washington Duke . " Tommy 's elate . Jimmy and paulie stare at Rocky , who manage a weak smile . CUT to : 124a 125 126 127 127a 10/27/89 83 . int . pet shop ~ day 124a adrian at the pet shop . she be spread newspaper in acage . she see a picture of Tommy and Rocky . headline read : " dynamic duo roll on . '' she drop it inside . CUT to : int . paulie' row house ~ thanksgive - night 125 Tommy , Rocky , paulie , Rocky Jr. ( who 's look tougher ) and adrian be all seat at the Thanksgiving table . Tommy and Rocky dominate the room with animated conver - sation about fight , thus ignore everyone present . cut to : int . church - day 126 pather carmine be administer Holy Communion . Rocky _ Jr. receive the host ( eucharistic bread ) ; likewise , Rocky and Tommy . as paulie be about to receive the host , he quickly remove a piece of gum from he mouth , then stick out he tongue . Rocky eye he . Tommy snatch a glance at a bunch of attractive girl with bleach hair who sit two row behind they . adrian appear to be ignore . rocky God 's watchin’ . cuUT to : int . television sport news - night 127 newsreel of Tommy win as announcer comment . cut to : int . meat house — day 127a Tommy be pound the meat as Rocky and paulie look on enthusiastically . CUT to : 128 128a 129 130 130 a 131 132 10/27/89 84 . ext . school yard ~ day 128 Chickie be spraying the wall with graffiti . Chickie stop Rocky Jr. and ask for he money . Rocky Jr. fake like he be reach into he pocket , then sudden - ly slam Chickie in the jaw , drop the bigger boy . jewel be present . CUT to : int . meat house - day 128a Tommy hit the meat so hard , it fall from the hook . cur to : omitted 129 ext . school yard - day 130 Chickie be beat to a pulp and finally fall senseless to the ground . Rocky Jr. take money out of Chickie 's pocket , count out four dollar and throw the rest - down . jewel follow Rocky Jr. as he stride away . intercut : ext . italian market - day 130 a Rocky and Tommy be run through the famous italian market area . people now line the street to cheer Tommy on . four italian girl jump out and start kissin 's he , he pove it . Rocky enjoy it ... he be truly alive again . CUT to : int . better fight arena - night 131 Tommy have knock out he most recent opponent as Rocky embrace he near the corner . George Washington Duke stand on the ring apron and grab Tommy 's hand and shake it with great flourish while exhort the crowd to cheer more . Rocky be speechless . CUT to : int . paulie' row house - basement - day 132 Tommy in the basement read the paper . headline ( with photo ) : . ( continued ) ao 132 133 134 135 135 a 136 10/27/89 8s . continued : 132 " rocky's robot take 15 th victory " curt to : int . paulie' row house - basement - day 133 Tommy look at the " robot " headline and angrily toss the paper away . CUT to : int . mausoleum - day 134 Rocky and Tommy put flower in a vase attach to mickey 's crypt ... Rocky pray for a moment , Tommy snatch a glance at he watch . CUT to : omitted 135 int . beautiful apartment - day 135a Duke walk with Tommy in a first clad apartment decorate with modern furniture . also present be a beautiful blonde name karen . Tommy be impressed , to say the least . merlin be present . duke this be something you could have , whatta ya think ? CUT to : int . mickey' gym - day 136 Rocky and Tommy in the gym . Rocky hold punch mitt as Tommy work on combination . tommy put on the glove , let 's spar . rocky just keep punchin' . tommy scare ?! Rocky smile as Tommy whacks away . CUT to : 137 o~ '' , 138 . b , ' 1 o~ 139 140 141 o~ 10/27/89 86 . headline . 137 '' tommy the destroyer in easy victory " photo : Rocky , paulie and Jimmy lift Tommy trium - phantly in the air . cur to : int . paulie' row house - day 138 Rocky , adrian , paulie and Rocky Jr. be look rather subdued . Rocky Jr. look quite different now , have take a new hairstyle and manner of dress . he 's become street -smart . jewel stand next to he . paulie watch television as Rocky sit at the dining room table that have be decorate with balloon . Rocky stare at a birthday cake that read " happy birthday , Tommy . '' a pair of sugar box glove also adorn the cake . Rocky look at adrian who look at she watch , then slip out of the room . Rocky shrug and motion for Rocky Jr. to go ahead and cut the cake . Rocky Jr. take jewel and leave . CUT to : ext . museum step - day 139 with the press and many girl present , Tommy sit on the shoulder of Rocky 's statue . Karen be present , Duke stand in the b.g. photo be take . cuT to : ext . mickey' gym - day 140 stand outside the gym , paulie , cigarette in he mouth , and Jimmy be look at the sport page with Tommy sit on the statue 's shoulder . they exchange unpleasant glance . CUT to : int . mickey' gym - day 141 Rocky in the ring with Tommy . Rocky be show Tommy some move . Tommy do it exactly right , then wave at the group of fan watch he workout -~ half be girl . tommy rock , maybe I oughta get a place of my own , ( continued ) 141 142 143 144 145 10/27/89 87 . continued : 141 rocky but ya welcome at my house . tommy ( eye the girl ) I think I need a place of my own -- wanna spar ? rocky ( at a loss ) eee no thanks . cut to : int . television / mickey' gym - day 142 Tommy 's be interview in the gym . he take a girl from the crowd behind he and kiss she for the be - £it of the camera . cuT to : ext . vega marquee - night 143 it read : '' tommy ' robot 's gunn versus . tim simm . " int . las vega arena - corner - night 144 Rocky be yell instruction to Tommy as Jimmy admin- ister water and paulie hold ice on he stomach . George Washington Duke sit ringside with merlin and Karen . the bell ring and Tommy put the finish touch on a very tough opponent . Tommy 's eye be swollen , but full of fire . his opponent be knock - out cold . Rocky and company leap into the ring . Tommy wave to Duke who wave back . Karen climb onto the ring apron . with a keen eye for the camera , she kiss Tommy . the scene freeze and become a front page photo on the sport page with the caption : '' knocked out by love . " ext . paulie' row house - night 145 it be Christmas evening and humble decoration adorn the window and door of Rocky 's home . CUT to : 10/27/89 a8. 146 int . paulie' row house - night Christmas music be hear as paulie , dress as Santa Claus , sit by the tree . Rocky Jr. be look tough with two other kid , Chickie and jewel . 146 adrian , Jimmy and Rocky look on . Rocky be presently on 3 the phone . he glance at adrian , who pregnant . five month rocky nobody 's home at he place , he 's suppose to be here . adrian why ? rocky he should be here with he family . adrian maybe he do not think of we as he family . . rocky ( distract ) maybe there 's a lotta traffic tonight . 146a int . flashy apartment - night Tommy sit in a corner with Duke , merlin and Karen . there be twenty other chic guest milling around . a beautiful Christmas tree adorn the room . duke this be it , Tommy . tommy what 's that ? duke what it 's all about , have the best , like Karen here . know the best , wear the best , but to keep it up ya gotta be on top . merlin nobody remember number two . that 's the truth . ( continued ) 146a 10/27/89 a9 . 146a continued : 146a tommy I appreciate you do this for I . duke my pleasure , but you gotta realize this be a business and money 's the name of the game . Tommy , you be a hungry boy , be I right ? tommy yeah , I have a appetite , who do not . karen I like that . duke well , I too . I be hungry to promote the best fighter in the world . if that 's a character flaw , then hell , I be flaw to the bone ! ( laugh ) - now , I check with the box Commission . there 's no contract between you and balboa . tommy nothin ' , just a handshake . duke let 's go in there , I do not want anybody to know we business . Excuse I , darling . Duke , Tommy and merlin move off toward the bedroom . cur to : 146b int . flashy apartment - bedroom - night 146b duke ( close the door ) I do not have to tell you Rocky 's catch a lotta shot in the last ten year . you understand what I be sayin ' . merlin the man 's soft upstairs . ( continued ) 10/27/89 90 . 146b continued : 1463 duke the man 's soft a ' this be a hard business , but I do not have to tell ya that , do i. plus , it 's gotta be damned difficult live in Rocky 's shadow , peopie callin’ you he puppet . merlin I do not believe I know anybody who coulda put up with it as long as you have . tommy yeah ? duke hanging on to he be dead weight . he belong to the past like a damn dinosaur . he 's a pug , I be a businessman , an‘ as long as he 's you man , ya gonna watch the parade go by . man , you have not make the big payday yet , a ' ya - will not until ya fight the top contender ; and that contender , Tommy , I do surely own . make no mistake about it , a great white hope who can hold the title be worth , an' I know you will not believe it , well over a hundred million dollar . but hell , you have gotta make the move . look at this place , my intention be clear . tommy ( mesmerize ) I want a shot at cane and the title now , so all I have to do be play the game ? merlin there you go , but what about balboa ? he will not want to give up control ? tommy Control ? it 's my life , right ? duke yes it be . Duke motion to merlin who pick up a briefcase and open it on the bed . ( continued ) 10/27/89 1468 continued : 147 omitted 91 . ( 2 ) 146b duke ( continue ) there 's thirty thousand dollar , take it as a advance . tommy when do I sign ? duke nothin 's wrong with the present . now ya gonna see what box be all about . it 's time to put some hustle behind this muscle . cuT to : 147 147a int . paulie' row house - night 147a Rocky , adrian , Rocky Jr. , Chickie , jewel , Chickie 's friend and paulie , dress as Santa , be present , Rocky Jr. paulie ( low , to Rocky ) how long I gotta do this junk ? rocky c'mon , it 's the season to be in a good mood . paulie ( drink ) sure -- yo , yo , yol rocky hey , Santa , do not drink . forget it . ( to Rocky Jr. ) how ' bout you guy tell Santa what ya want . look at he friend and sigh . rocky JR . I do not need nothin' . adrian need " anything . " rocky jr. ( to he friend ) what 's the difference . {continued } 10/27/89 92 . 147a continued : 147a paulie {to Rocky Jr. ) so , kid , what do you want for Christmas ? rocky jr. ( to Chickie ) tell ‘em what ya want . chickie ( low ) Mary Anne dimuchi . paulie what would he say ? rocky jr. c'mon , that be not Santa , it 's uncle paulie . let 's get real . rocky get real , whatta ya talkin ' like this for . ya suppose to like this . . rocky JR . it 's stupid . rocky stupid , ya think all this here be stupid ? rocky JR . you guy talk to Santa . rocky I be not talkin ' to they , I be talkin ' to you . let 's like have some spirit here . adrian Rocky , he do not want to . rocky {anxiously ) sure he do . this be what we always do and we have a good time . we do not never have to change that . remember last year we have fun , we have a good time . rocky JR . it be not last year , a ' you be not the same either ! ( continued ) 147a 148 10/27/89 , 93 . continued : ( 2 ) 147a paulie ( pull off he beard ) hey , do not mouth off ! Rocky Jr. head to the basement with he friend . Rocky look at adrian . . adrian go talk to he . int . paulie' row house - night 148 Rocky follow he son and friend into the basement . Rocky Jr. be sit on the makeshift bed once occupy by Tommy . rocky hey , what 's wrong ? rocky jr. nothin ' . rocky , why would ya get crazy ? I only want we to be close . rocky JR .. do ya ? rocky yeah , ya my boy , I love ya . Rocky Jr. look self - consciously at he friend . rocky JR . no you do not . rocky yeah , I do love ya , an' I only want ya to be happy here . rocky JR . no , what ya want be Tommy to be happy , that 's who ya really talkin’ about ! yeah , that 's who ya always spend time with . rocky c'mon , do not say that . ( continued ) 148 ~~ -~ 149 ~ 10/27/89 , 94 , continued : 148 rocky JR . it 's true . since he 's be here , it 's Tommy this , Tommy that . you do not have no time for nobody , so I get no time for you . this be my friend now , they hang out with I . you do not , do you ? you have time for nobody but Tommy . rocky I just get busy . rocky JR . you say I would be number one to you . you say that , an’ you lie ! you lie to I a ' to mom. rocky ( at a loss ) Tommy need help . rocky JR . so do i. adrian move away from the basement door when a knock be hear at the front door . adrian so . paulie . paulie yeah , I get it . CUT to : int . paulie' row house - door - night . 149 paulie open the door and stand face - to- face with george Washington Duke , merlin , Tommy and Karen , look very sumptuous . duke be I interrupt anything ? paulie you lose ? duke not really . Rocky around ? adrian step out and she see Tommy and Duke . ( continued ) 10/27/89 95 . 149 continued : 149 mh paulie yo , adrian , guess what 's come to dinner ? tommy adrian , you know George Washington Duke , and this be Karen . karen ( flat ) how ya doin ' ? Nice place . duke I be lookin ' for the man , where 's the man ? paulie rocko ! adrian eye the glamorous Karen . karen be you pregnant ? - adrian ~~ yes. karen plann or accident ? Rocky walk out of the basement . he stop short when he see Duke . duke merry Christmas , my Lord . rocky {at a loss ) how ya doin ' ? hey , Tommy . tommy sorry I be late . get hang up havin ' dinner . rocky ya 's get hang up , we have dinner waitin' , but do not worry about it , the bird 's still good . Rocky Jr. step out . duke this , of course , be the little man ? good-lookin ' boy . ( continued ) 10/27/89 96 . 149 continued : ( 2 ) 149 Rocky Jr. look from Duke to Tommy . tommy how 's thing , superboy ? rocky jr. alright. ( to he friend ) c'mon . duke listen , I do not want to take up too much time . I just want to come by and give some season 's greeting . I get a few present for everybody in the car . Tommy will get ‘em after I leave , I get embarrassed . Duke come over and robustly shake Rocky 's hand . duke ( continue ; to Rocky ) do a helluva job with the man . I would have to be blind , would not I , -~ if I do not say a title shot be not in the card . we be gonna work beautiful together . Duke pat Tommy on the shoulder . tommy it 's time to put some hustle behind this muscle . rocky how 's that ? duke Tommy boy 's get something ' to discuss with you personal like , so T will be goin ' . merry Christmas . Duke leave . paulie face Tommy . adrian Tommy , why would you bring he here ? tommy let 's go outside an’ talk . rocky ' Bout what ? ( continued ) o_o 149 150 10/27/89 97 . continued : ( 3 ) 149 tommy outside , okay . Tommy go to the door . karen ( low ) Nice meeting you . Tommy go to the front door and swing it open . Rocky grab he coat from a hook and follow . cur to : ext . STREET - paulie' row house - night 150 park out front be a brand - new sport car . rocky where would ya get this ? tommy Duke give it to I . rocky maybe ya should give it back . Tommy open the trunk and reveal beautifully - wrap present . tommy I know you would say that . give it back ? why ? he like the way I fight . Karen whisper in Tommy 's ear . tommy ( continue ; to she ) yeah , in a minute . karen too cold out here . ( to Rocky ) Nice meeting you . she get into the car . rocky I see what 's happenin’ . do not let he put nothin ' between we . ( continued ) 98. 150 tommy put like what ? he be just talkin' . rocky ' Bout what ? tommy ' Bout gettin ' a shot . rocky we do not need ‘em , Tommy . I a ' Mick , we only have each other , it work good . you will get ya shot a ' keep ya money . you will be able to buy you own car . tommy man , wake up , we be watchin' the parade go by . rocky what parade ? _ tommy the parade -- the Big time . the way I be goin 's I be not gonna get a shot at the title for a long time . I have get a perfect record , 22 and 0 , an‘ where 's the money ? we have not make any yet . rocky but when ya do , it will be all yours . tommy ' hey , it 's about control . Duke control all the top contender , the whole show . rocky look , we will go from promoter to promoter a ' make the best deal . you sign with Duke a ' he will suck you dry . tommy I be signin’ papers with the man . rocky Tommy , sign they papers a ' ya like he property -- ya get no control . ( more ) ( continued ) 10/27/89 . 99 . 150 continued : ( 2 ) 150 rocky ( cont 'd ) Tommy , this be a crappy business , it be . its business part be shit , the guy who lie the best get the best . when ya get to the top , nobody can touch you . it will happen , do not sell out . mickey never have I sign no papers . tommy so you be lucky you do not have to play the game . I be not runnin 's up a ' down this street forever ! rocky remember when ya first come to I , ya say ya would trust I . Tommy , I care ! do not I pick the opponent , do not I check the ring rope to make sure they be tight ... Tommy sharply cut he off . - tommy ( angry ) yeah . this be business , a ' in business ya need ... rocky es. what , brain ? tommy you say that , not I ! ya will still train I , but it 's my way or the highway . Tommy get into the car leave Rocky in he wake . adrian ( at the door ) Rocky , come inside . he 's not worth it . rocky he 's just confuse . adrian no , it 's not he , it 's you . you be the one who 's confuse . rocky hey , what be ya talkin ' about ? ( continued ) 10/27/89 100 . 150 continued ; ( 3 ) 150 adrian I be talk about a man , a good man , who can not see what 's happen right in front of he eye . rocky I see everythin’ , I be not as stupid as people think , y'know , I see the kid be be twisted around ... adrian it 's you who 's be twisted , not he . he 's what he be , you be what you be , but you can not understand that . rocky no , you can not . what we get be special , it 's good like I a ' Mick have . we cover each other , - stand up for each other , he 's a good kid , but he 's mix up now , adrian tt 's not he , it 's you ! you be not mickey , he 's not you ! you be live in another world . I see what you be do , an' I feel for : you because , as much as we lose , you lose everything . rocky T will get it back . adrian get what back ?! you can not turn back the clock . we live here , we live now ! rocky I know where we live , be can look around , I can see it , I be not blind a 's I do not want this no more for we . I want everybody to have good thing , wonderful thing , thing I get my brain beat out to get . I want some of that back ' cause now what ya get right here be a loser . several neighbor open they door and look out at the escalate fight . . ( continued ) nt . aos or rse cama og ! op ony : 101 . | 150 continued : ( 4 ) 150 ~ — adrian . , ° , that 's not true -- to who ? rocky to I , to they . you do not think I hear the joke , the neighbor -- I hear ‘em ! whatever it take to get out , I will do it . a ' you say Tommy be not I , he be . it 's I up there win again , winnin ' -- no losin ' . it 's the only time I feel alive again , like I get my second chance here to make you proud a ' give ya good thing . so adrian , whatever it take to hang on to this boy , I be doin ' , ' cause I put everything I get leave into this kid -- my love , my sweat ... adrian but not you heart ! you can not give he that because it will not fit . all that fighter you beat , you never beat , you never beat any - of they with muscle , you beat they with heart . yes , they take ~ everything away , but they could never take away you heart , an‘ that 's the part I love about you most . Tommy maybe make you feel like you be winnin ' , but you be lose something too -- you be lose I and you be losin’ you son . you be pushin’ we further and further out of you life until we be so far away we could never come back . rocky you leave I ? , adrian aad you be leavin 's we . = she exit . * Rocky - be a gridlock of conflict emotion . he turn wrathfully on he eavesdropp neighbor . rocky go away !! this be not no show to ~ watch -- go away !! the neighbor fearfully drift inside . pai ost *: 11 / 6 / we 102 . 151 ext , STREET - night asl , Rocky . Jr. and he friend be stand in a pool of -~ I ovide by a lackluster streetlamp . Chickie and @s be smoking . Rocky Jr. try a drag and f@lightly . his friend laugh at Rocky Jr. 's fring . jewel be stand next to Rocky Jr . rocky hey , what 's happenin ' ? ) they all look nervously toward the sound of the voice . Chickie look at Rocky 's impose presence backlit from another streetiamp . chickie ' what 's he want ? rocky JR . I do not know . chickie forget it , we be go . everybody move off . chickie ( continue ) ~ I get enough problem with my ol ' man , c'mon . jewel I '1l call you tomorrow , okay ? rocky jr. ee okay . jewel ( pass Rocky ) you be not gonna hit he ? rocky rocky ( continue ) hey , when do ya start smokin ' ? rocky JR . I do not know . do not ya ever smoke ? of ~ ( continued ) " tf/6/89 -. 103 . 151 continued : isi ~ . rocky ~ yeah , I do a lotta bad thing . rocky jr. eee 80 ? rocky nmove close ) so I wise up . ( continued ) ~ 10/27/89 104 . 1s1 continued : ( 2 ) 151 rocky okay , so maybe I will " wise up " someday . rocky maybe tonight 's a good time to start for both of we , y'know . rocky JR . start what ? you get you thing with Tommy a ' I get my friend . what 's wrong with that ? rocky it 's wrong , ya change right in front of my face a ' I do not see nothin' . rocky JR . do not worry about it . rocky I gotta be worryin' . the deal be . we be suppose to be like tight . rocky JR . it 's alright . rocky y'know , that last fight really do damage my cargo . maybe ya oughta hang a vacancy sign on my head -- " Skull for Rent . " ntaps he temple ) or make some money usin’ my head for a gumball machine . whatta ya think ? rocky jr. nsmile ) c'mon ... rocky I see I make a mistake , but look -~ if ya wanna hang out with I , I would like to do that with ya . so , will ya think ' bout this maybe ? rocky jr. e+» yeah , okay . rocky gettin ' kinda cold , be not it . ( continued ) 152 152a ive , 105 . continued : ( 3 ) . 181 rocky JR . se yeah . head back to the house . Rocky put he hand on higfeon 's shoulder . cut to : int . PRESS conference - day 152 Tommy be signing a contract with George Washington Duke . Rocky stand in the b.g. , likewise merlin . flash abound . closeup of Duke stand with Rocky and Tommy . duke it be my honor to represent Tommy gunn , the hot fighter on the planet today ! this splendorous young man have all the magnificent manifestation to be a future world champion . reporter Tommy ? tommy he 's the hustle behind the muscle . merlin that he be . CUT to : int . paulie' row house - day 152a adrian be watch the press conference on television . Rocky Jr. and jewel be present . the scene will CUT and forth between the actual press conference and television : of reporter Rocky , you basically remain free throughout you career , why this for Tommy ? rocky parade be goin 's by . ( continued ) 152a : on 1528 ao 153 154 155 ~ continued : . 152a reporter what 's that mean ? duke it mean Rocky balboa will , of course , remain Tommy 's trainer . reporter trainer ? we always assume Rocky be the manager , too , duke no , the manager of record now be merlin sheet . reporter Tommy , whose idea be it for you to sign a exclusive five - year promotional contract ? tommy Rocky think it would be best . we see Rocky look at Tommy in wonderment . _ to omitted 152b * ext . mickey' burial site - dusk 153 * the sun have nearly set , and the area outside the building be desert . int . mickey' burial site - dusk 154 Rocky lean against the wall opposite the spot that read " mickey goldmill . " rocky sie I guess my mind be not workin 's see , ' cause I can not figure out what I x. do wrong . I dunno , I be hopin ' oe we woulda have the same thing that you a ' I have goin ' . flashback - ext . fairmont park - day 155 Rocky now flash back with mickey and he in fairmont Park . Rocky be in he workout clothes and pedale a bicycle with mickey sit on the front . ( continued ) 156 157 158 I '' yo7 - 108 . 0 * '' | 155 mickey ¥* know what we get goin ' , kid ? the work , all the work ! first class teamwork . y'know what life be ? War , kid , pure a ' simple . a ' what we be be a two - man army that be stick together by ... CUT to : int . mausoleum - dusk 156 Rocky in the present . rocky «+. by trust , stick by trust . trust . CUT to : flashback - ext . fairmont park - day 157 Rocky and mickey on the bicycle . - 7 mickey trustification be the name of the game . I do not have to tell ya the snake that wanna tie ya up , drain ya dry a ' leave ya like a empty bag in the street . rocky I be hopin 's ... cut to : int . mausoleum - dusk 158 a : a the present . rocky +s. hopin ' that we would be this team , y'know , like we be . CUT to : 159 160 161 162 163 10/27/89 flashback - ext . fairmont park - day mickey and Rocky . mickey stop this damn thing . y'know , 109 . kid , I gotta confess a mess , yeah . mickey get off the bicycle . mickey ( continue ) I learn ya a lot . ya learn the most important lesson , it be not ... int . mausoleum - dusk Rocky in the present . rocky just the skill , it 's the will . flashback - ext . fairmont park ~ day mickey in the past . mickey e + . just the skill , it 's the will . ya get the will of a lion a ' that 's the difference -- the will . a ' when I see ya fightin’ some monster usin ' what I teach ya , kid , I be in there with ya ... int . mausoleum - dusk Rocky in the present . rocky talkin ' in my ear . plashback - ext . fairmont park ~ day mickey in the past . 159 CUT to : 160 cuT to : 161 cur to : 162 CUT to : 163 ( continued ) = rro a rrr ere ee pei '' br 11/6/89 110 . * q 163 continued : 163 mickey -~ ge 's es talkin 's in ya ear . I love ya = for trustin ' I so much . as long as you be alive , I be alive . I '' wee only hope , kid , ya find the same . thing . CUT to : 164 int . mausoleum - dusk 164 Rocky in the present . Rocky rise . rocky why would you have to die ? he turn and go to leave . he see adrian and he son . rocky how would ya know I be here ? adrian paulie . - o~ rocky y'know , I never want to push you guy away ... adrian I know you do not . rocky ( weakly ) I do not know what to do , maybe he 's bad , maybe he 's good -- he 's my last chance . adrian Rocky , he 's not you . he 's not even close to be like you . you and mickey be special , but that 's past . to this boy box be business , to you it be a way of life . I know cane fightin 's Tommy be like be in there again , but believe I , I think you could have beat they both on the same night . ( more ) ~ { continued ) be wee loa . * 164 ~ 165 165a ~ continued : 164 adrian ( cont 'd ) so when this be over , because I know you have get thing to work out you own way , remember when this '' parade '' of he pass by , the family , as crazy as it seem sometimes , will always be there for you ... he hug she and he son and together they walk off . ext . fight arena - night 165 the brightly light marquee boldly advertise union cane versus . tommy gunn . people flock inside as the SOUND of a roaring crowd be hear over the shot . cut to : int . union cane's dressing room - night 165 a_ it be pack with hanger - on . the crowd , number twenty , play music and drink . Duke smile and move through the crowd . cane 's in a adjoin room get he hand tape . cane can not they wait ' till it 's over ? Duke have enter . duke give we a good show , brother . cane I can not breathe , man , I get the flu , man . I be not suppose to aie fight with no flu ... a duke you be a fighter , so fight it . Duke exit . 166 10/27/89 111 . int . locker room - night 166 the sound of the crowd leak into the dress room as Tommy pace and sweat profusely . he be terr bly agitate , paulie and Jimmy stand by the door prepare to leave . the door open and a uniform guard stick he head in . guard time , paulie okay , rocko , showtime . rocky ready , Tommy ? Tommy nod he head and start for the door , then pause . tommy I need a minute . I just need a minute , rocky . ( to paulie and Jimmy ) could yas ... paulie get lose -- yeah . Tommy pace and absently step into the large shower room . the voice , of course , reverb . tommy T feel like lead . rocky yeah , you just get title fight nerve . y'know how to handle it . tommy if I lose tonight , I be over , nobody ' 11 want I around , I will be over . rocky listen to I , ya want this fight a ' now ya get it a ' ya gonna win it . ya fightin ' two guy tonight , Union cane a ' yaself . to beat cane ya gotta win the first one with yaself . take the fear outta ya mind a ' put it in ya muscle . ( more ) ( continued ) 166 167 168 169 10/27/89 112 . continued : 166 rocky ( cont 'd ) be like this bomb , this calm bomb . Inside this bomb 's just tickin' , waitin’ to blow , an' when the bell ring ya gonna explode all over cane . ya get the tool to win , ya know how to win , now do ya wanna win ? tommy thanks . sorry ' bout all the erap with Duke . he 's get my mind mess up . rocky talk ' bout it later , ~ tommy okay , let 's do it . int . arena - wide shot - niget 167 — we look down upon the pack house . the crowd be rowdy and wave banner . the light shine down on the stylishly modern ring which resemble a high - tech launching pad . the announcer's voice be hear over the loudspeaker . announcer ( v.0 . ) welcome one and all to this grand arena . CUT to : int . arena - closeup - announcer - night 168 the announcer be in the center of the ring . the crowd roar its approval . CUT to : int . arena - night 169 George Washington Duke sit with well - to - do type . he waw at the crowd . 170 171 172 173 10/27/89 113 . int . arena - new angle - tommy' corner - night 170 Tommy be pace furiously with Rocky , Jimmy , and paulie in the b.g. rocky you can do it tonight , just remember ya fight plan . Tommy stare over at Union cane . tommy that bum 's scared to death ! int . arena - new angle - night 171 announcer before we announce the fighter for this evening 's contest , we have with we a great ex - champion who define the phrase raw gut and courage -~ Philly 's own italian stallion , Rocky balboa ! the crowd go wild as Rocky step forward . 5 tommy c'mon , ya holdin’ up the fight . Rocky stare at he like a puzzle child . Rocky step near the center of the ring . CUT to : int . arena - paulie - night 172 from behind the rope , he lean next to Tommy . paulie hey , go easy on hin . Tommy just glare at he . CUT to : int . arena - night 173 adrian and Rocky , Jr. sit ringside . Rocky nod at they as he pass . Rocky move toward Union cane 's corner . cane wipe at he congest nose . ( continued ) 10/27/89 : 114 . 173 continued : 173 rocky good luck . union ( deeply concentrate ) thanks , man . Rocky return to Tommy 's corner . tommy what would you say to he ? rocky good luck . tommy he will need a " good " doctor . 174 int . arena - new angle - night 174 the announcer motion for the bell to ring . announcer now the man responsible for promote the most extravagant match ever conceive in box , George Washington Duke . Duke step through the rope , wave at cane , then go toward Tommy . duke take no prisoner , my man , 175 int . arena - new angle ~ night 175 announcer alright , it 's time to rumble . crowd cheer . er ( continue ) in the blue corner , a young man who have have a meteoric rise to the position of number number one contender with a record of twenty - four win , twenty by way of knockout -- Tommy " the Machine " gunn ! ( continued ) 175 176 177 178 179 10/27/89 115 . continued : 175 the crowd go wild . ' Tommy raise he hand and strut several pace . tommy get the glue , man , I be gonna tear that bum apart ! Rocky look at paulie , then Jimmy . paulie he 's scared . when in doubt , shout , right . rocky yeah , he 's nervous . announcer in the far corner , weigh two hundred and fifteen solid pound with a record of forty - eight win and two defeat ... CUT to : - int . arena ~ tommy ~ night 176 tommy get ready to add one more . cuT to : int . arena - night . 177 announcer ee. thirty -six victory by way of knockout , the present heavyweight Champion of the World -- Union canelt CuT to : int , arena - union cane ~- night 178 the champion sedately nod he head as the crowd applaud , and head to the center of the ring . int . arena - wide shot - night 179 both corner move to the referee . 180 181 182 10/27/89 116 . int . arena - closeup - night 180 Tommy and Union cane stand face - to-face . Tommy glare at cane with a mock grin . referee you both know the rule , clean fight all the way . in case of a knockdown , go to a neutral corner . alright , touch glove and get ready to fight . cane stick he glove out and Tommy do not return the gesture . Tommy start to back away . tommy I be gonna put he outta he misery . rocky what 's the matter with you ? tommy . I be pump , man . cuT to : int . arena - night 181 Union cane 's corner men step through the rope . corner man # 1 take this punk to school . cur to : int . arena - night 182 George Washington Duke glance back and forth between Tommy and cane . he give a subtle nod to Tommy . Rocky see this . rocky : I know ya nervous , I be nervous , he be too . just do not rush nothin' , be a class act like Apollo . tommy Apollo 's dead . Rocky be very upset as he climb through the rope . cur to : 183 184 185 186 10/27/89 117 . int . arena - night 183 Bell ringer hit the bell and the fight be on . " cur to : int . arena - night 184 Rocky climb down between paulie and Jimmy . jimmy what 's he problem ? paulie give it up , rocko . CUT to : int . arena ~- the fight - night 18s Tommy start off very aggressively and cause the Champion to back - pedal . cane land some very solid jab and have ' Tommy on the defensive . . cur to : int . arena ~- ringside commentator - night 186 commentator # 1 cane be drive the challenger back with strong jab . . commentator # 2 look like balboa have he man in great shape . commentator # 1 but tonight he look like a slow starter . commentator $ 2 well , he better start something soon or we will be home for the ten o'clock news . oh , there go Tommy . what a shot to the body ! I could hear rib crack over here , folk . cuut to : 187 ~ + | | 188 a , 's 189 { ~~ 190 191 ~~ 10/27/89 118 . int . arena - ring - niget 187 Tommy have cane trap against the rope and be paw avay : try to set the champion up for a powerful right -hand . commentator # 1 cane be against the rope , gunn look ready to lower the boom . cur to : int . arena - rocky at ringside - night 188 rocky ( to Jimmy and paulie ) he 's gettin’ sucker in , move side to side ! cur to : int . arena - ring - night 189 Tommy fire two right -hands and cane slip they both - and explode a leave into Tommy 's body with a overhand right to the jaw . commentator # 2 oh boy , do gunn get catch cold . CUT to : int . arena - night 190 rocky tie he up . ( to Jimmy ) he 's gonna get nail with the hook . paulie good. cut to : int . arena - ring - night 191 cane jab twice and land a powerful hook to gunn 's jaw . gunn be stunne more than hurt . he wave the Champion forward and cane oblige , snap off a series of six jab and then change direction and push out two rights , the first find its mark , the second miss . ( continued ) 191 é | 's | ' 192 b , 193 to 194 195 10/27/89 continued : Tommy smile . tommy c'mon , ol " man . cane jab he again , Tommy slip it . tommy ( continue ) too slow , ol1 ' man . cuT to : int . arena - rocky at ringside - night rocky do not talk , fight . cut to : int . arena - ring - night Tommy dance around cane . tommy c'mon , ol ' man , let 's rumble . bring it ont CUT to : int . arena - ringside - night commentator # 1 the young challenger seem to be talkin' the champion . commentator # 2 hey , he 's gotta do more than talk to win this round . CUT to : int . arena - ring - night tommy time to lose . as sudden as a cloudburst , Tommy lay into cane . he rain down blow after blow that back the champion up 119 . 191 192 193. 194 195 several pace , then cane slip in a beautiful right and sidestep the rampaging challenger . ( continued ) et iss -~ 196 | 197 's 198 in 199 200 ~ 10/27/89 120 . continued : 195 Tommy be too quick and pummel cane . cane counter with a right and Tommy slip it and drive a leave hook deep into cane 's liver . Union cane drop to one knee , '' then painfully rise . CUT to : omitted . 196 int . arena - ringside commentator - night 197 commentator # 2 oh , that get the champion 's attention . Walt , be they stop the fight ? commentator # 1 no , cane say he want to go on ! he 's game . CUT to : - int . arena - ring - night 198 the referee motion for the fight to resume . Tommy look over at Duke who smile . cane make a feeble attempt at a combination . Tommy take it and proceed to pound the champion around the ring . Three hook and a right have the champion nearly out . int . arena - ringside - night 199 Rocky yell to the referee . rocky it 's over , stop this thing ! int . arena - ring - night 200 cane be drop in he corner . tommy get up ! come on , get up ! the referee start the count . 201 202 203 204 205 206 10/27/89 121 . int . arena - night 201 commentator # 1 they call it killer 's instinct , folk . commentator # 2 cane 's get up , but he leg be go . int . arena - ring - night 202 Tommy begin to savagely beat cane along the rope and drop he . the crowd go wild . tommy get up , champ , ya family 's watchin’ . cut to : int . arena - rocky at ringside - night 203 he look at adrian in despair . . int . arena - ring - night 204 cane weakly rise and he start to fight back , but the rally be short - live and he be pummele to the canvas again . CuT to : int . arena - night 205 Bell - ringer do he job and the round be over . cur to : int . arena ~ ring - night : 206 cane 's corner Men help the champ to he corner . commentator # 1 what we be witness be savage beat , folk . CUT to : 10/27/89 207 int . arena - night 122. 207 Rocky greet Tommy in the corner . tommy ( smile ) ya right about the bomb , it blow he apart . paulie hand over the water to Jimmy . rocky why do not ya end it . tommy hey , you train I , man . rocky I do not train you to beat a man to death . CUT to : 208 int . arena - union cane's corner - night 208 the corner Men desperately try to revive the fade champion . corner man try to hold he until you get you leg back . cane they be not comin ' back , man . cut to : 209 int . arena - tommy' corner - night 209 the warning buzzer be hear . ' Tommy rise . rocky when ya find a open , finish it . do not be a animal . tommy hey , it 's my show now . the bell ring and Tommy dance forward . 209 a 209b 210 211 212 10/27/89 123 . int . arena ~ night 209 a adrian and Rocky Jr. rise and leave . CUT to : int . arena - night 209b Rocky see this . CUT to : int . arena - ringside ~ night 210 commentator # 1 Tommy gunn , and that 's what he 's be tonight , casually circle the champion . commentator # 2 he 's actually take look at the audience , play the crowd . cut to : int . arena - ring - night 211 Tommy bear down on cane . tommy give them a good show . Tommy snap three batter - ram left into cane 's face , then three more . cane try to respond , but Tommy casually sidestep and give cane a disdainful slap . cur to : int . arena - ringside ~ night 212 commentator # 2 unbelievable ! the challenger be merely toy with the champion . with the power this young man possess , people , he will be around for a long time . cur to : 213 214 215 216 217 218 10/27/89 124 , int . arena - ring - night Tommy hook the stumbling champion into the center of the ring . cot to : int . arena - night adrian and Rocky exchange look . CUT to : " int . arena - ring - night Tommy slam home three powerful right -hands that drop Union cane flat on he back . Tommy stand over the fall champion and raise he hand in victory . CUT to : int . arena - ringside crowd - night Reporters , fan , cameramen pour into the ring as a squad of guard climb on the apron . . CUT to : int . arena ~ tommy' corner - night paulie look at Rocky and throw down a towel . Rocky turn and look at Tommy , who be now be congratulate by George Washington Duke . Rocky climb into the ring . CUT to : int . arena - ring announcer ~- night announcer ( bell sound ) lady and gentleman , by way of a knockout come at two minute and twenty - five second into the second round , we have a new heavyweight Champion -- Tommy " the Machine " gunnt ! 213 214 215 216 - 217 218 219 220 221 222 10/27/89 omitted int . arena - night 225 . 219 & 220 221 Rocky turn and glance across the chaos at Union cane be nearly carry to he corner . a mini-camera be aim in Tommy 's direction . tv reporter Tommy , after e stun victory , now Champion of the World . how 's it feel ? duke never better ! what could be better ? Tommy 's the king now . tv reporter you seem to have no problem with cane . tommy prom the start cane be scared . fv reporter when you have cane hurt early , you do not try to end it , instead it look like you be carry he . tommy I be only followin' Rocky 's order . . Rocky be stunne , but before he can react , Duke take control , Rocky walk away as Duke dominate the scene . duke before anymore be say , I believe a prediction be apropos . this great event have bring forth a champion of the people and for the people . see everybody at the party . cur to : int . hallway to tommy' dressing room - night the corridor lead to Tommy 's dress room be mobbed , mini-cam mount with sun gun and regular camera flash cause the area to be riddled with unnerve mayhem . 222 ( continued ) 222 223 224 225 226 227 10/27/89 126 . continued : 222 Tommy , follow by Jimmy , Al and paulie , move through the crowd and turn into Tommy 's dress room . int . large dressing room ~ night 223 in the dress room ante area be row of locker . Jimmy , Al , paulie and Tommy enter . . tommy {to the reporter ) yeah , sure , I will answer everything at the party ! see everybody at the party !! the security guard close the door . tommy ( continue ) Jimmy , heat up the shower . man , ya know how long it 's be since I have be to a party ? but this - be not really a party , it 's like what they do in England when they get a new King ... it 's my time now ! omitted 224 & 225 int . hallway outside union cane's dressing room - 226 night Rocky pass by Union cane 's dress room . the hall - way be desert . Rocky open the door . CUT to : int . union cane's dressing room - night 227 the room be absent of all the celebration that be evident before the fight . cane be on the table in obvious pain . a in - house paramedic hover over cane . he have a blood pressure gauge on he arm . his old , black trainer stand with he . cane 's thirty - year - old wife stand at the table , distraught . rocky how be he ? ( continued ) 227 228 through 231 232 10/27/89 continued : trainer think he 's get a bad concussion . wife why would . you let you boy do that ? rocky he 's not my '' boy '' no more . wife Union be sick a ' you let this happen . he say you tell he to beat on Union . do not say he 's not you boy ! Rocky go to cane . rocky Union , it 's I , Rocky . sorry ' bout this . cane ( weakly ) how be I gonna look in front of my people ? rocky you be a class fighter . the door open and the paramedics enter with a stretcher . cane people do not remember how ya come in , they remember how ya go out . they carry cane out of the room and Rocky be lose in think . cut to : omitted ext . grand HOTEL - night the outside of the glitter establishment be alive with activity . 127 . 227 228 through 231 232 232a 233 234 235 236 237 237a 10/27/89 128 . ext . grand HOTEL - another angle - night 232a we see Rocky arrive and he head inside . int . grand HOTEL - night 233 as Rocky pass many old fan , he keep he attention focus on a large entranceway at the end of the hall . many call out he name , but he remain silent . int . grand HOTEL - rocky's Pov - night 234 double -door lead to the ballroom . planke on either side of the door be a larger - than -life-size photo of Tommy gunn and a life-size photo cutout of George Washington Duke , which have inscribe in bold lettering : " GEORGE WASHINGTON duke present : the best of the breed . " int . grand HOTEL - night 235 Rocky move closer to the door . he pass through the thicken crowd that mill around the entrance . four security guard protect the door . Rocky pass by the guard . omitted 236 int . grand HOTEL - night 237 the motif for the event be very modern with a vast variety of light and pulsate music be provide by a large , hip band on a elevate platform . people dance as smoke machine locate near the ceiling belch down cloud of swirl mist . around the room be four minicam represent local television station . among all the glamor , Rocky look totally out of place in he leather jacket and hat . cur to : int . grand HOTEL ~ night 237a Tommy sit on a throne wear a king 's crown and robe . Duke be at he side . camera flash strobe all over the room . : cut to : 238 239 240 241 10/27/89 129 . int . grand HOTEL - night 238 a.minicam crew spot he . reporter # 1 Rocky , a few word , please . Rocky keep move , he eye search for Tommy . reporter # 1 ( continue ) well , you be back on top . how 's it feel to be ... int . grand HOTEL ~ night 239 Rocky see Tommy stand with a group of beauty . he kiss one on the neck as she respond with laughter . the girl beside she angle forward and insist for a kiss on she lovely neck . Tommy oblige . int . grand HOTEL - rocky's Pov - night 240 George Washington Duke be interview by a local news camera crew . CUT to : int . grand HOTEL - nigrt 241 Rocky approach and Tommy glance up from the girl he be flirt with , and lock stare with he former mentor . tommy look who 's here ! Rocky stare at Tommy . tommy ( continue ) lady , I do not know if you remember Rocky , he use to be a champ . hey , if adrian be not around , why do not you take one of this beauty for a test drive -- if ya know what I mean . rocky cane 's in the hospital . tommy sorry . ( continued ) 10/27/89 130 . 241 '' continued : 241 rocky why would ya say what ya do ? tommy ( study Rocky 's dour expression ) what ? jeez , look at this face ? say what ? rocky that I tell you to beat on cane ? tommy look , rock , ya get something heavy to say , save it ' cause I be on a high now . I do not wanna hear nothin ' heavy . rocky all I want be thing to be great between we . tommy - hey , it 's good , real good . relax , do not get heavy with I , my friend . rocky nothin 's good here . tommy ya makin ' money , that 's good . rocky ( explode ) I do not care about money . we be suppose to be like brother , but I be not nothin ' but this stupid ladder ya be climb . I be hurt in the ring a lot , but I be not never feel no hurt like I get inside now . tommy ( explode ) hey , do not put that bullshit on I . you be finish before I . tonight I give back everybody they pride a ' a payday , but that 's it . no more charity , no more be call Rocky 's Boy . I be here now . it 's my time now , I be the champ . you , you be out of my life . ( continued ) 10/27/89 131. 242 '' continued : ( 2 ) 241 rocky I be never in it . I shoulda leave ya in the street where I find ya . Tommy start to laugh , then suddenly lash out and shove Rocky who stagger he back into a tabie . people in the immediate area jump back . Tommy start to take off he warm - up suit top . tommy c'mon , let I send ya to the hospital with the other bum . cot to : 242 int . grand HOTEL - GEORGE WASHINGTON duke - night 242 he be still be interview .. duke . «+. nothing have the passion , the excitement , the ... cameraman there 's a fight over there ! the camera Crew move out . cur to : 243 int . grand HOTEL - night 243 Rocky move forward , then decide to turn and go . tommy hey , man , finish what you start . rocky forget it , ya not even worth hittin’ . cut to : 243a int . grand HOTEL - cameraman — night 243a reporter feed into live tv !! 2438 mm ' ~~ 244 245 10/27/89 132 . int . grand HOTEL - night . 2433 Duke step up and try to simmer the scene down . duke this be nothing , people , a in - house disagreement . ( to Tommy ) get hurt , man , it will cost you a fortune . tommy get hurt ? you people think I be Rocky 's Boy -- I be my own man. {to the camera ) I would have kick he ass anytime in the ring . Rocky rise and start to take off he jacket . rocky we be not in a ring . Tommy charge and he and Rocky start pound away . . quickly , a security guard come in between both man . Tommy drop he . duke you two have go crazy !?! tommy T be not nobody 's boy ! cur to : omitted 244 int . STREET corner bar ~ night 245 thirty patron crowd closer to view the television set over the bar . the program cut from the regular news to the fight . tv reporter Tommy gunn have attack former champion - trainer , Rocky balboa . my God , this be better than the title fight ! bartender shit , this be a title fight ! CUT to : 246 246a 24683 246c 246D 10/27/89 133 . omitted 246 int . grand HOTEL - night 246a Rocky and Tommy circle . tcmmy let 's go , I be missin 's my party . Tommy charge Rocky and Rocky begin to circle as Tommy drive several left in he face . tommy ocontinue ) taste good ? Tommy continue to drive Rocky back and between a pair of ice sculpture . . tommy ( continue ) c'mon , everything go ! Rocky back into the center of the room . he charge - into Tommy with both hand digging into Tommy 's body . CUT to : int . grand HOTEL - night 2468 paulie and Jimmy run across the ballroom and shove they way through the crowd . CUT to : int . grand HOTEL - night 246c Tommy drive a knee into Rocky 's midsection and chop he hard across the back of the neck . Rocky crash through a pair of swinging door that lead to the kitchen . int . grand HOTEL - new angle - kitchen - night 246D Rocky and Tommy come burst into the kitchen . the staff of twenty - five kitchen worker be startle . the crowd pour in after they . 10/27/89 134 . 246e int . grand HOTEL - another angle - kitchen - night 246e several mini-cam flash they sun gun towards the action , thus keep the fighter constantly wash with sharp lighting configuration . cut to : 246f int . paulie' row house - rocky and adrian' 246f bedroom - niget adrian sit in bed lose in think . Rocky Jr. come burst into the room . rocky JR . dad 's fightin ' ! adrian what ? rocky JR . dad 's fightin ' on television . come here , look ! 246g int . paulie' row house - live room - night 246g adrian rush into the live room . adrian why 's he fightin' ? who 's he fightin’ ? rocky JR . Tommy ! kick he ass , dad ! - cot to : 247 ° '' omitted 247 through through 249 249 250 int . television / grand HOTEL kitchen - night 250 we see Rocky and Tommy battle it out through the kitchen , tv reporter the fight have not be stop and this be no publicity stunt ~- that 's real blood . 251 282 253 254 254a 255 255a 10/27/89 135 . int . grand HOTEL - kitchen - fight ~ night 251 Rocky back up as Tommy catch he with three powerful blow . CUT to : int . household ~ night 252 a pamily of three sit around the television set root . pather take ‘em down , rock ! cur to : omitted 253 int . grand HOTEL ~ kitchen - fight - night 254 Rocky leap up and grab Tommy in a headlock and begin '' to pound away at he face . CUT to : int . grand HOTEL - kitchen - night 254a paulie and Jimmy burst through the crowd . paulie get ‘em , rocko ! rip he lip ! int . grand HOTEL - kitchen ~ new angle - night 255 Rocky 's grip be break and Tommy fling he against a stove . tommy ya not a great fighter ' till ya beat a great fighter , ya say thatit Tommy pause for a moment to catch he breath . Rocky slowly get to he foot . cur to : int . grand HOTEL - night 255 a Duke and merlin stand on the crowd 's inner perimeter . ( continued ) 'y 255a 256 287 257a 257b 258 é 259 260 10/27/89 continued : duke stay on he , man ! cut to : omitted int . int . grand HOTEL - tv reporter ~ night tv reporter «.. before I be fight exhaustion , and strangely enough ... curt to : andy'' bar - night a crowd of twenty watch the fight . int . adrian and Rocky Jr. be speed across town . tv reporter gunn again in after balboa ! drunk # 1 he 's gettin’ murder ! andy forget it , Rocky be better in the street than he be in the ring . cut to : taxi - night cut to : rocky JR . let 's go faster ! omitted int . grand HOTEL - kitchen - night Rocky dodge a trash can throw at he and back away as Tommy heave a second trash can . cut to : 136 . 2s5 a 256 287 257a 257b 258 259 260 260 a 260b 261 262 263 10/27/89 137 . int . grand HOTEL - kitchen - night 260 a Kitchen worker cheer Rocky on . cot to : int , grand HOTEL - kitchen - paulie - niget 260b paulie rocko , remember the neighborhood ! CUT to : omitted 261 int . grand HOTEL - kitchen ~ fight ~ night 262 a wave of people flow behind the combatant as they move . across the immense kitchen . Rocky and tommyh now square~ - off , punch after punch , bounce off of kitchen equipment . int . grand HOTEL - kitchen - rocky's Pov - night 263 Rocky 's vision be badly distort . tommy you will never beat I , never ! rocky I never want to . Rocky wearily back up , Tommy in pursuit . ' duke Drop he , man , the city 's watchin' ! tommy you be in it for the money , not I . rocky look at we ! like dog fightin’ . I respected ya . tommy do you ? ( continued ) 10/27/89 138. 263 continued : 263 rocky he suck you in , he make ya think I be ya enemy . I love ya , man ! get out while ya can fight '' = ya be not provin ' nothin ' . tommy only who 's best . Rocky start walk away . tv reporter ; balboa have turn away from the fight , it appear he 's have enough . CUT to : 264 int . andy be bar - night 264 the drinker be disappointed . lose better be ask to pay up . cuut to : 264a int . grand HOTEL - kitchen - paulie and jimmy 264a - niget jimmy the kid be too strong . paulie I do not believe it . CUT to : 264b ext . taxi - night 2653 taxi with Rocky Jr. and adrian speed . cur to : 268 omitted 265 & & 266 266 267 int . grand HOTEL - kitchen - fight - night 267 Rocky stagger up to the crowd , many of whom look disappointed . he start to make he way through the crowd when someone shout " behind you . " ( continued ) no 10/27/89 139 . 267 continued : 267 Rocky barely turn when he be hit by Tommy . Rocky crash forward and collide heavily against a pair of door and roll outside into a alleyway . tommy where 's the pride , man ? 267a ext . grand HOTEL - alley - night 267a Rocky slowly rise and Tommy slam he in the jaw . duke you get it ! we get ratin 's tonight ! the crowd be pour out . paulie get up , rocko ! get mad ! cuUT to : . 268 omitted 268 & & 269 269 270 ext . grand HOTEL - alley - nigst 270 hunched over , Rocky take another shot in the rib , but catch Tommy 's liver twice . Tommy double over in pain as Rocky get to he foot . he shake off the effect of the blow and with renew energy he charge forward and rip punch after punch into Tommy 's midsection . Tommy counter with a elbow to Rocky 's face that stagger the ex-champion . tommy I gotta know who 's the best ! rocky it 's all . bullshit ! tommy c'mon , toe to toe . bring it on ! Rocky charge forward and duck beneath three wild swing and clip Tommy in the jaw . Tommy retaliate with two right hand that buckle Rocky 's knee . the street and crowd SOUND transform into a haunt reverberation . curt to : =e 271 272 273 274 275 276 10/27/89 140 . ext . STREET - night 271 a cab arrive at the scene and adrian and Rocky Jr. rush out . CUT to : ext , STREET - pauliez and jimmy - night 272 jimmy c'mon , Rocky , dig down !! paulie go for it , one last timet cuT to : ext , STREET - night 273 Rocky be nearly out of he foot , but manage to trade blow with Tommy who be lose steam fast . duke c'mon , man , you look like a damn fool . ext . STREET - new angle - night 274 adrian and she son push through the crowd . curt to : ext . STREET - fight - night 275 Rocky manage to back up and leap high into the air and catch Tommy flush on the chin and the huge man stumble back . Rocky now move in for the kill . hook after hook find they mark until Rocky have Tommy pin against the front of a idling bus . he hold Tommy by the throat and be about to deliver the final blow . he search Tommy 's eye and release he grip and back away . Tommy take one step forward , then collapse onto the pavement . the crowd erupt . cur to : ext , STREET - paulie and jimmy - night 276 paulie and Jimmy cheer , and rush forward . cur to : 276a 277 278 278a 279 280 10/27/89 141 . int . hospital hallway - night 276a cheering reverberate down the hallway as Union cane and he family cheer the result . CUT to : omitted 277 & 278 ext . STREET - duke ~ night 278a he stand over Tommy . duke you blow a fortune . you a fool now , a fool to everybody , you son of a bitch ! Tommy rise and glare at Duke . duke - ( continue ) touch I a ' I '11 sue , brother ! Tommy haul off and deck he . tommy ee. so sue. cuT to : ext . STREET - tv reporter mini - cam — night 279 reporter the old iron horse from Philadelphia pull out some old magic to defeat the heavyweight champion . CUT to : ext . STREET - night 280 adrian and Rocky Jr. try to get to Rocky who be surround by the crowd . adrian let I through !! Rocky ! Rocky ! ( continued ) 10/27/89 142 . 280 '' continued : 280 rocky JR . dad , that be great ! adrian rush up to Rocky follow by Rocky Jr. paulie rocko , excellent work ! jimmy still get crunch in ya punch ! rocky +e. s0 do he . adrian ( rush up ) Rocky ! be you alright ?! rocky yeah , I be alright . hey , kid . rocky JR . . dad , you be the best . that be radical ! rocky thanks , adrian , I have to work thing out -~ y'know , my way . adrian but you could have get kill , you be so crazy sometimes . rocky adrian , you be right , you a ' the kid be all that matter . Tommy walk through the crowd . tommy rock , he have I crazy , I do not know what I be do no more . yo prove you be a better man . I make mistake , I can not change that , but I want back in if ya will take I . . Rocky look at adrian and he child . rocky I get other responsibility now . he and the family start to move off . ( continued ) ee ET 'y 10/27/89 280 continued : ( 2 ) adrian Rocky , you should go toa hospital . rocky all I wanna do be go home . I think I be catch a cold . rocky JR . dad , do not worry about anything , you can always train I . adrian not a chance . rocky ya do not fight with ya mother , she 's the toughest person I know ! Rocky and family be engulf by the crowd as the camera crane up into the night . 143 . 280 '' do spee I oe