rocknrolla written by guy ritchie June 19 , 2007 white revision - 6-6-07 1. 1 int . derelict build - day 1 we meet : mumble ( late 30 ) and one two ( late 30 ) . they be listen to a sale pitch from two real estate agent . we see all the relevant picture of they pitch explain a change city , london . slick estate agent ( v.o. ) two year ago this property cost one million pound . ( we see building ) today , it cost five million . the camera whip pan over to another part of the building to see the other estate agent give he pitch . the camera will keep this back and forth for the duration of the scene . other slick estate agent ( v.o. ) how do this happen ? ( CUT to relevant picture as he speak ) attractive tax opportunity for foreign investment , restrictive building consent and massive hedge fund bonuse , ... ( beat ) London , my good man , be fast become the financial and cultural capital of the world . slick estate agent and of course the Russians have come to town . other slick estate agent make it hard to compete with a ex - Soviet oligarch that have six billion dollar in he back pocket . they do not haggle the price , they double the price . slick estate agent Russians come , price rise , and it do not stop . it only go one way . other slick estate agent up. slick estate agent I can not teach you how to skin a cat , but I can tell you a lot about the money in brick and mortar . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 1a . 1 continued : 1 slick estate agent ( cont 'd ) like he say , it 's go one way . you need to see a lawyer . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 2. 1 continued : ( 2 ) 1 one two and mumble look at one another . one two we need to see a lawyer . 2 int . lawyer' office 2 CUT to a modern look lawyer be office . we see the lawyer advise mumble and one two . lawyer type they say it 's only go one way . 3 ext . STREET - day 3 one two and the lawyer be here look at the building , it be a bit dilapidate and bleak . lawyer type it look like a great deal . 4 int . lawyer' office 4 we cut back into the office where the lawyer lay out the building plan . lawyer type this be the plan , ... it cost ten and it will be worth twenty with plan . but first you gotta give the councilor a drink . 5 int . councilor's office 5 CUT to the desk of a councilor ( mid thirty middle management ) who be receive a brown envelope from the lawyer . councilor ( off the envelope ) tell they they will get the plan , ... 6 int . lawyer' office 6 we CUT back to we lawyer now smug . one two and mumble be stand in front of he . lawyer type you will get the plan . take care of the councilor and it will move like shit through a goose . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 2a . 6a int . speeler 6 a one two we need help . mumble lenny Cole ? one two Dog number one , ... mumble but he move fast and he love brick and mortar . 7 int . lenny cole's office 7 meet lenny cole ( 5as , dark , a little tubby ) , mumble and one two be here . lenny 's office be kitsch , he fancy himself as a man of class . lenny cole I do move fast and I love brick and mortar , property be always the safe bet , but you better know what you be do ' cos this be not soft money . you trip up , ... ( beat ) and it 's not I that 's gonna get hurt . you get security ? mumble we get property . lenny cole do not let I down boy . ( beat ) come on then , give we you hand . they shake hand and sign the papers . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 3. 8 int . councilor's office 8 the councilor be the phone to the lawyer . he speak in hushed tone clandestine like . councilor ( into phone ) can not talk now , but there have be a problem . I can not get you the plan . 9 int . lawyer' office 9 the lawyer be on the phone with mumble and one two . lawyer type ( into phone ) I be sorry boy , can not get the plan . 9a int . speeler 9a one two be on the phone . he look over to mumble . one two he can not get the plane . mumble he can not get the plane ? 10 ext . derelict build 10 lenny be look out to one two and mumble who be stand outside he car look very white . lenny scream from the back seat . lenny cole what do you mean you can not get the fuckin plan ? ( point ) there be seven million of my cash in there , without plan it 's worth five , ... you owe I . I take the building , you lose you share , but I be still outta pocket two large one . find it . the window go up and the car pull off . lenny pick up he phone , he dial huffing and puffing . rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 4. 11 int . lenny' car -- continuous 11 lenny cole be that you councilor ? ( lenny smile ) I hear you get that car you be after , .... now , sort the plan out . councilor ( v.o. ) sorted lenny . he put the phone down and look over smile . meet archy ( lenny 's right hand man , 5as ) . lenny cole what 's wrong with you arch ? archy that 's a bit strong be not it Len ? they come from the same place as you , you will clean them out . lenny cole same place as I ? do I look like a immigrant archy ? ( beat ) no one give I a leg up , do they ? they need a bit of fear , ' cos otherwise they be gonna come up against I , ... need a little lesson do not they ? 12 int . speeler 12 one two and mumble be here , it 's quiet until , .. one two we gotta sell . mumble and be leave with what ? one two just gotta start again , .... fade out . 13 int . corridor of sport arena 13 start credit over sport arena entrance . lenny be be walk down a corridor , the wall be line with photograph of old soccer star . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 4a . 13 continued : 13 on each side of he be two escort ( ex - military type , heavy look ) . as they pass each door , we realize where ever he be go , it have to be important . the escort talk in to they microphone and to the different guard on each door way . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 5 . 13 continued : ( 2 ) 13 every now and then we see the sport arena in the back ground . at last we reach the main door to the head office . 14 int . head office 14 as the door be open we see a small crowd of men in suit gather around a kind - look man with bright blue eye . he nod a couple of time . we CUT to the front of lenny who be clearly impressed , Mr. Blue eye pay he no attention . the small crowd of business men shake hand and head to the door at which lenny be wait patiently . 15 int . sport arena -- day 15 close up on the back of URI ( Russian Jew , 40s , slick , and well groom , he be we Mr. Blue eye ) overlook he sport arena . we stay on the back of uri 's head while he be talk to lenny . URI glad you could join we here lenny . lenny cole it 's nice to see you uri . URI good. ( there be a pause ) I can see we be very much alike you and I lenny . we like to get thing do . ( beat ) what 's it go to cost I ? lenny cole first , let I make clear how much we can help you benefit from this deal . with out I , it will take you five to ten year to get the permission to erect you arena . ( beat ) second , with government policy as it so stand we both know it 's unlikely that you would ever get that consent . ( beat ) thirdly , in legal fee , transaction and building consent , you would be pay 6 to 12 million without any real guarantee of that result . we CUT to uri unfaze , he just want the figure . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 5a . 15 continued : 15 URI so lenny , ..... how much ? ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 6. 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 lenny cole Seven million euros . still unfaze . URI I expect a guarantee that I have consent within six month and no red tape . lenny cole that 's right uri , you can consider that do . pause while tension stew , then , ... URI drink ! follow I . 16 int . sport arena - private bar 16 uri walk to the bar . lenny follow try to contain he excitement , he 's out of he league , a " welcome to the billionaire club " look have strike he pink . lenny pass a picture that 's sit on a easel . lenny cole oh , that 's a nice picture uri , have not it get , errrh depth ? uri be at the bar now . he have place one large tumbler down and be pour a very very large measure out . URI that picture have bring I nothing but luck lenny , .. it 's my lucky picture . ( he have a good idea ) you like ? take it for a while , maybe it will give you luck . lenny cole oh I could not uri , ... still absorb with the painting . URI now we be partner , I insist . I will get it send around to you house and you can give it back to I when we deal be finalize . lenny look at the bar . uri motion , there be a SMALL keg of whiskey on the bar and only one large glass . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 6a . 16 continued : 16 lenny cole I think you lot drunk vodka . URI whiskey be the new vodka . lenny cole you not join I uri ? ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 7 . 16 continued : ( 2 ) 16 URI I do not drink . lenny cole oh , ... cheer then , ... URI to success . lenny awkwardly start to glug as uri look on . 17 int . lenny' car - day 17 lenny enter the back seat of he car , archy be wait for he in the back . archy you all right there Len ? you look a little pink . lenny cole ( fluster ) turbo , get we a perrier and a wet wipe live -o . lenny 's panting . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) try to poison I the dirty cossack ... turbo ( lenny 's driver ) be fumble around in the front seat try to get ice into a glass from the cooler that sit beside he . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) stop mess about and give we the bottle turbo . archy so , how 's the billionaire club ? lenny grab the drink , desperately take a big glug of water and wipe he face . lenny cole that communism do not seem to slow them down do it ? we have hit the big time here archy boy ! ( beat ) what 's wrong ? where 's the old archy smile ? ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 7a . 17 continued : 17 archy you wanna watch out there . Times be change , they do not have too much respect for the old school . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-19-07 8. 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 lenny cole shut up archy , ... ( under he breath ) no school like the old school , ... I still run this town see ? that 's why he come to I right ? get that ? archy yeah , get that . 18 int . sport arena - private bar 18 uri look at victor ( uri 's right hand man ) . they be look down at lenny 's disappear car . victor you think you should have lean he you lucky picture ? URI it make the peasant feel royal , ... do not spoil it , we need he at the moment . I want that consent . ( beat ) call the accountant and get she to clear the money . 19 int . accountant tax office 19 a man and woman sit on one side of a desk , meet stella and bertie . bertie be 45 and handsome in a dark posh sort of way . stella be 32 , film star . sitting opposite they be two tax men ( civil servant type , grey , middle age , a little tubby and bald ) . there 's a stand off . stella look , can we shut the door ? there 's a pause while the tax man look at he colleague . tax man shut the door . his colleague get up and shut the door . stella let 's put we card on the table . we both know you be not go to get the full forty out of my client . tax man this be the tax office and in the end we get what we want . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 9 . 19 continued : 19 stella save that speech for the tourist Charlie and let 's strike a deal - take the twenty now and let it go . otherwise , they will move the company off shore tomorrow and you will spend the next twenty year chase a imaginary forty million around every republic that grow bananas . bertie lift out papers from he brief case . tax man I see why you marry she now bertie . the two tax men look at each other , they be think the same think . 20 int . chauffeur driven mercede - evening 20 bertie I tell you we would make a great team , .. you know why you get that deal ? she look relatively bored . bertie ( cont 'd ) because that fat , sad , old man like it when you swear at they . they shake like cocktail and sweat like semtex when you raise that posh little voice . you my love be a rare commodity . ( beat ) now come on , give you bertie a smile . stella I do not feel like smile . I be a thirty two year old accountant marry to a homosexual lawyer . ( beat ) I be a beard without kid bertie ! I be in a marriage of convenience that can be quite inconvenient at time . the phone ring , bertie pick it up and answer . bertie yes , she 's right here . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 9a . 20 continued : 20 bertie ( cont 'd ) ( he put he hand over the receiver ) it 's omovich . ( mincey ) be you sure he be not gay ? rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 10 . 21 int . speeler 21 introduction of the speeler . a location of all thing nefarious , a place to scam , buy and sell thing illegal , and play card . mumble and one two own the speeler . meet handsome Bob ( mid thirty , part of the gang errrh handsome ) . fred the head ( late 40s ) he run it with dolly ( early 5as , maternal figure , cleaner and chef ) . this be the main player in a room of never less than ten rarely no more than twenty people . fred the head you will not do a five , they have get nothing on you handsome Bob . handsome bob what be you talk about Fred ? they get a informer , a grass , and a rat with a roach - smoking - a canary , .. they have get more information than the fuckin Internet . dolly Language , ... fred the head well , like I say , nothing . mumble leave he alone Fred , you be stress he out . dolly get he a cuppa tea . ( beat ) come on deal the card Fred . we see in the background someone come in . meet cookie ( late 30 , slicked back , black hair ) , he look be a bit of a parody . cookie all right chap ? fred the head all right Cookie . mumble want to be deal in ? cookie can not stay for long , but throw we in for a quick spin . one two , who have be on the phone finish he call . he look over to mumble . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 10a . 21 continued : 21 one two mumble , can I have a word ? rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 11 . 22 int . speeler storage room 22 mumble what 's happen ? one two you know the lady , the posh one who like abitta the rough life ? mumble the accountant , what about she ? you have not hear from she in a while , too dangerous that one . one two say she 's get some work , you know , ... proper work . ( he make gun impression ) I would normally turn she down , but consider , ... mumble let 's have a meet . 23 int . art gallery - next day 23 stella 's here admire a abstract picture of nothingness . one two sit next to she . one two I get one like that at home with a little boy fishing . stella be that what they call humor where you come from ? one two well , do not they call that art where you come from ? stella you be quite the entertainer be not you Mr. one two ? and you be late , please do not be late , I have a very busy schedule . 24 int . art gallery - corridor 24 they walk down the corridor . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 11a . 24 continued : 24 stella I have some work and think you would be interested , its you kind of work . one two go on . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 12 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 stella there be two accountant take out seven million euros from a bank I know and it will not be protect . ( beat ) twenty percent for I , as normal . the detail be in here . she pass a envelope . one two anything else ? stella yes , .. I do not want this come back to I so , if you could give they a black eye , .. that might help . she see 's a slight pause and look of concern from one two . stella ( cont 'd ) a black eye , nothing more . she pass he a envelope . one two ok , very good Mrs. dexter , a black eye it be then . he look down at she shoe . one two ( cont 'd ) Nice shoe . stella ( she smile ) why thank you , you will be able to afford you own pair in a couple of day . good bye . he watch she walk off , he like she , she like he . 25 int . back office of music venue 25 two guy be here count money . meet roman and mickey , two black Americans . ( mid 30 dress very classy , with a bit of a urban twist ) they be in the manage game , exploit the talent of the English . the sound of distant bass thudding through the wall can be hear while mickey be on the phone try to do some kind of business . a real rocker with long hair and good look come walk in distress . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 13 . 25 continued : 25 rocker I need the dry ice mickey , I need the dry ice . my show just do not work without it . mickey ( hand over the receiver ) if you tell I yesterday you need dry ice , I would have get you the driest ice the world could offer , but you do not ask for no dry ice . you ask for two case of johnny Walker black label and four lady of the pole and I get they for you do not I ? there 's a pause from the rocker . mickey ( cont 'd ) do not I ? rocker yes you do I do confess , but mickey , you be the manager and I be the rocker . you have get on the manager hat , now pluck something out of it . mickey my hat be deep and full of magic . I get rabbit , handkerchief , and lady of the pole drink Black label . I get smoke machine , bubble machine , I even get love marine and still the hat go deeper , but .... there be not no mother fuckin dry ice . rock N roller ok , ok , come home , you have make you point . ( he turn on he way out ) but tomorrow , I need dry ice . roman look up from he paper , have not get involved in the slight . Roman tap the paper he have be read . roman have you read this ? mickey what ? he read out the headline . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 14 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 roman johnny Story singer extraordinaire , fall off a boat , they say . miss , assume dead , they say . mickey what , ..our johnny ? roman how many rock star by the name of johnny Story do you think there be in this universe mickey ? mickey the only thing he 's fall off be he junky spoon , he 's no deader than the suit you be wear now . he will be gear himself up somewhere happy as clam in a fisherman 's net . rocker like that never die , they just wither and give I pain . 26 ext . tennis club - day 26 on the tennis court we see the councilor ( we man from the beginning ) , who be play tennis with terry the instructor . the councilor be take it seriously apart from the distraction of jackie on the next door court . archy be here watch over the game and read the paper , we see he read a article and look a little move . lenny come up behind he and start to read over he shoulder . lenny cole johnny Story singer extraordinare , fall off a boat , miss , assume dead . archy I do not know what to say lenny . lenny cole I bet he take a lot of people with he in he hot little crack pipe . ( beat ) we will never mention this again , all right arch ? archy look a little shocked . lenny carry on like nothing have happen . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) now , tell the councilor to stop fuckin about with stick and ball and send he inside . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 14a . 26 continued : 26 lenny walk into the bar and archy move on to the court . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 15 . 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 archy very good councilor , you must of have lesson as a boy . ( beat ) Fancy a cool down and a chat with lenny ? the councilor slyly look over to Jackie , she look back . the councilor be think explicit thought . archy ( cont 'd ) do you know Jackie ? nervous , the councilor know this thug be not shy . councilor no , no , no , archy , do not say anything . archy do not worry , she 's a friend , .. and a member . ( raise he voice ) Jackie , .. fancy a run'a 'round with the councilor ? pause . she look sullen , stroppy and rude all at the same time . jackie only if he 's wick . she turn away to hit a ball , the councilor 's heart skip a beat . councilor ( excited and shy ) what do she mean by that ? archy I think she like you boy-o . 27 int . tennis club bar 27 lenny be at the bar on he own look at the papers and pick at the nut . in walk the councilor with archy , the councilor sit next to lenny at the bar . lenny cole they say that time be change councilor , that this country be not what it use to be , it 's the new New York , they say . you be a political man must know all about that . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 15a . 27 continued : 27 the councilor look a bit flustered . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 16 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 councilor errh , I think they be probably right , time have change , but that should not affect you lenny . lenny cole they say it 's all go " international " now , out with the old guard in with the new , but I think they be wrong . ( beat ) anyway , where be my manners ? look at you sweaty as a native and pink as a pelican , ... and I have not even offer you a wet one . councilor a lemonade and orange please . lenny cole oh that 's nice , .. refresh , that will put you back on top boy . lenny pull out the plan and a leather pack of cigar . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) here you go , plan and papers . ( beat ) would you like a cigar ? councilor I do not mind if I do , ... that 's a nice lighter . lenny cole eight grand they want for it cheeky toad and I pay , you know why ? councilor tell I lenny . lenny cole ' cos it 's all about the detail . look at the plan . councilor ( awkwardly ) be we little deal in there too lenny ? lenny milk the silence while he light he cigar , the councilor feel like a prick wait , it go on and on . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 16a . 27 continued : ( 3 ) 27 lenny cole oh I would not forget that , the most important thing first . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 17 . 27 continued : ( 4 ) 27 he put the dunhill lighter down on the plan . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) I will leave you with they . ( beat ) I gotta run , can not stay here chew the fat all day , a man get to make a live . call I in the ' morrow . he walk toward the door as Jackie be walk in , lenny look slyly at she as they pass . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) look after he Jackie . in the distance . councilor oh lenny , you forget you lighter . lenny look back to the councilor . lenny cole can not be mine , it 's get you name on it . CUT to the bottom of the lighter , " the councilor . " lenny carry on walk and smile . 28 ext . park - morning 28 it 's the next morning , we see one two run . mumble and handsome Bob pull up along side of he in they car . there be a moment of pause while they admire one two run along side of they . mumble do not you get bored of that ? I mean , you not really go anywhere . if you wanna run , why do not you run to the shop or do something useful ? one two you could do with some of this yourself mumble , you be let yourself go . ( beat ) anyway , I be busy , have you come to talk about anything important ? mumble it 's all about the zone be not it ? ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 17a . 28 continued : 28 mumble ( cont 'd ) you boy and girl like to find funny place in you head where nothing can get you , do not you ? you be scared , you be run away from yourself one two . one two no mumble , I be try to run away from you . Bob , you sort out the car ? ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 18 . 28 continued : ( 2 ) 28 handsome bob yeah , it look like a heap of shit , but it can not half go . ( beat ) a bit like you one two . mumble turn to handsome Bob mumble I reckon he 's try to get fit for the lady . nothing get under he skin like a lady he can not have , do it ? ( pause ) a straight go , cocky , educate , arrogant posh bird trip he right up . I reckon we should set handsome Bob on she . that will live you up one two . one two Bob would not know where to begin . handsome bob I be good with the posh one , do not you worry about that . one two I have have enough of this , can you two piss off cos I be try to find my " zone " one two sprint off leave they behind . mumble he can not half run for a white fella . 29 int . lenny' home office - night 29 lenny be pace in a lady dress gown with long silk sock . he can not sleep , he pour a large one , light a cigar , pick up the phone and dial . lenny cole archy ? you awake ? ( beat ) never mind , you be now . I have a horrible dream that the councilor do not come through , I do not want anything go wrong on this one , that Russian 's the key to the big time . ( pause ) you think he 's all right ? ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 19 . 29 continued : 29 lenny cole ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you sure ? ( beat ) what do Jackie say ? his foot go back up on the desk with confidence . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) she do ? I know he would like the lighter , nice touch eh ? she 's a good girl that jackie. ( laugh ) give she another drink . ( beat ) you be right , he would not have lean I he lucky painting if he do not mean business . yeah , I have it take off it 's easel and stick it above my desk , it 's look magnifi .... he suddenly stop . his eye have spot something scary , the office chair disappear from under he , he take the phone , the lamp , and the ash tray with he to the floor . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) ( from the floor ) arch ! arch ! I have be rob . he turn the receiver the right way round . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) I say I have be rob . ( beat ) I do not know when . the painting , .. it 's go . he stand fumble and scream , he scotch all over he . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) the one uri give I ! ( beat ) all right loaned for fuck sake ! beat while panic set in and archy be say something on the other end . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) this be not good arch , it 's he favorite painting , he lucky painting ! get round here and bring the troops . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 19a . 30 int . lenny' home office -- later 30 lenny 's still pace , a small gather of tired look hooligans be line up in lenny 's office . bandy where be it Len ? lenny be stand in front of the fire place smoking and look very anxious . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 20 . 30 continued : 30 there be a bald spot above he head where a picture once stand , a picture light illuminate a clearly empty space . he be horrify by the stupidity of the question . lenny cole let 's take a wild stab in the dark shall we bandy ? archy slap he and then send he to school ' cos I can not take any more of this . you sort it out , get that picture back and bring I a body , I be go to back to bed . he stomp off to bed . archy bandy if you ever ask a stupid question like that again , you see Danny there ? he 's gonna slap you . bandy sorry arch , it 's just , ... I be try to use initiative . archy Danny slap he . danny slap he with the back of he leave hand . archy 's not happy - it be the wrong hand . archy ( cont 'd ) with the right Danny , .. properly . danny slap he again , it 's weak . archy ( cont 'd ) I say properly , with the back of you right hand Danny . danny what be this a tennis match arch ? archy slap he ! danny slap he again , bandy take it good . archy huff and go over to slap he proper , slap ! bandy 's disappear into another dimension . archy ( cont 'd ) like that ! ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 20a . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 archy ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) now , if you man can master a slap like that , there 's no need for you client to hold back . they will open up like a fountain full of word after one of that . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 21 . 30 continued : ( 3 ) 30 archy ( cont 'd ) no need for strong violence , no no , they be straight back to they childhood . putty in you hand , ask bandy , ... ( motion ) look , think he 's back at school . danny but he never go to school . archy Daniel , do you want a slap as well ? now , if the slap do not work , .. cut them ... or pay them , but keep the receipt ' cos this be not the mafia . ( beat ) now , get to work and find that painting . 31 ext . bond warehouse - back lot - day 31 mumble , handsome Bob , and one two be stand here dress as security guard . handsome Bob be watch over the car that be wait for the two accountants to come out of the back door of the warehouse . one two and mumble be to the side . mumble you ready ? one two yup , load up boy and pay attention . one two see 's the door open and make a move . two accountants come out of the back door , while in route they click they central lock open on the car wait . one two be already on they as the accountants go to open they car door . one two ( cont 'd ) hello lad . he flash the gun in he belt . the accountants be too shocked to even know what be go on . one two ( cont 'd ) put the bag in the car and walk away . the accountants see the gun , but still look for a way out . mumble meet they with another gun . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 21a . 31 continued : 31 mumble do not be silly boy , do as you be tell . put the bag in the car , give he the key and walk away smile . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 22. 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 the accountants do as they be tell . one two and mumble get into the car , calm as you like . one two , start the engine , but he can not find reverse . there be a crunching sound from the car , the accountant stop and look round . one two put down the window . one two ( to the accountant ) oi , come back here . the accountants come back . one two ( cont 'd ) where 's reverse ? accountant you have to lift up the nob under the gear stick . one two struggle , then find the gear . one two right , now fuck off . mumble ( to accountant ) slowly and keep smile . one two shit , ... mumble what ? one two I have get to hurt he . ( to the accountant ) oi come back here . mumble why ? what do he ever do to you ? come on we have get the money now let 's piss off ! the accountant have make he away back to the car . accountant yes ? one two go through the motion get ready to hit the accountant without actually be able to do it . one two shit , I can not do it . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 22a . 31 continued : ( 3 ) 31 one two wheel spin out of there . 32 int . car - moving 32 mumble and one two take off drive . mumble ( look ) you be a embarrassment to crime you be . one two she ask I to give he a black eye . mumble she 's sick that bird of yours , sick . quickly change the subject . one two be handsome Bob behind ? mumble he 's there . 33 int . construction site - continuous 33 uri be walk around look over one he site , he 's entertaining a corporate gather of men all in suit and hard hat . URI the developement have be underway for four year and will be complete within another two . the area cover twelve acre and it will become one of london premiere residence . we can see victor ( uri 's right hand man ) in the background look anxious . URI ( cont 'd ) thirty two floor and six acre , .... excuse I gentleman , .. uri walk over to victor . URI ( cont 'd ) what be it ? ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 23. 33 continued : 33 Victor lean in and whisper to uri. after 15 second uri lean back . URI ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) do they know who we be ? victor ( in Russian ) it 's not like the old country , it 's cowboy and Indians out here . URI ( in Russian ) we do not have time to play game , .. people and business be wait . speak to the accountant and get some more money . ( beat ) and Victor , this time no problem . 34 int . art gallery 34 stella be here again look at the abstract picture on the wall . one two join she , he 's get a largish Louis vuitton with the money and she twenty percent in it . one two I know a man that will copy that for you . might take he a couple of minute mind . stella you do not need to copy anything any more , welcome to the nouveau riche Mr. one two . one two here 's one for you too Mrs dexter . stella why thank you Mr. one two . I see you do not think much of the black eye though . one two would have like to oblige , but from a professional point of view , it just be not natural , ... ( pause ) until next time then . stella until next time . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 23a . 34 continued : 34 she turn and walk away , he look slyly . rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 24 . 35 int . car 35 handsome Bob be drive . handsome bob she 's a looker be not she one two ? one two pick up he phone and start to dial . one two she 's not for you Bob , that be class . someone pick up at the other end of the phone . one two ( cont 'd ) archy , I get lenny 's bitta scratch . 36 int . lenny' car - moving 36 turbo be drive archy , who be on the phone . archy what , you get it all ? one two ( v.o. ) yeah and it 's burn a hole in the floor , so you better come and get it before it melt my boot . archy I will come round the speeler . archy 's phone beep - he have a income call . archy ( cont 'd ) get another call , gotta go . archy switch call . 37 int . lenny' office 37 lenny be pace , he 's on the phone . lenny cole archy , the Russian do not come through with the money . 38 int . lenny' car 38 archy calm down Len , the councilor can wait . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 24a . 38 continued : 38 archy ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) some good news for you , one two and co come through with the scratch . rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 25 . 39 int . lenny' office 39 lenny cole what , all of it ? archy ( v.o. ) yeah , all of it . lenny cole ( surprised ) where do they get that from then ? 40 int . lenny' car 40 archy ask no question hear no lie . ( beat ) just gotta do be find you painting now Len . 41 int . lenny' office 41 lenny 's phone beep - he have a income call . lenny cole just make sure you find it . ( beat ) I gotta another call . he switch call . 42 int . councilor's office 42 the councilor be on he mobile , speak in hushed tone . councilor I have all my people wait lenny . you can not let I down ! 43 int . lenny' office 43 lenny cole it 's just a delay , that 's all councilor . just a delay . he put the phone down . 44 int . lenny' car 44 we CUT back to archy in the car . archy stop here turbo . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 25a . 45 ext . STREET - evening 45 archy get out of the car and on to the street which be pack with theater goer . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 26 . 45 continued : 45 he have see someone he know , a dodgy look ticket seller gary move between the people . archy Gary . gary hello arch . what bring you down here ? want some ticket ? archy I want the tank . gary you will not see he on the cobble at this time of night , you know how much he like the cold . he 's at the end of the street tuck up watch a Zulu movie . 46 ext . STREET - cont . 46 archy knock on window of massive american 4 x4 . the window come down , savage noise emanate from the interior , a massive black bald head turn , meet tank very street , very soft speak and very articulate . he 's sit next to a shavawn a street girl . tank hello arch , what you do here ? archy I need a word . tank well do not stand out there on the cobble it 's freezing , step into my world . ( too the girl ) shavawn get we a couple of vanilla chai latte , there 's a good girl . she disappear . 47 int . tank car 47 tank great movie this arch . they have have it digitally re-master , glorious picture and the sound exquisite . he press the remote , the sound go up so all we can hear be the sound of spear on shield . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 27 . 47 continued : 47 tank ( cont 'd ) oh I like this bit , thousand and thousand of them , but they red coat just do not move . that 's courage that be arch . ( beat ) they do have gun mind . the sound of scream and death be penetrate . archy turn it down a tad , I need to have a word . tank flick the pause button . tank where be my manners ? sorry arch , what do you want , ticket ? I get just the show for you , a chinese orphan with a learn disability that do not stop sing and dance all the way through the first half . then , up pop a geisha girl and it all go magical in the second ; the wife will love it and you can not get ticket for love nor , ... archy I do not want ticket , I need you to find I a painting , a classic , be nick outta of lenny 's house . and since you get more foot on the street than copper on the beat , ... ( start to make he way out ) I would like you to assist . I will leave you a little livener . there 's a large twenty to get some tongue wag . 48 int . speeler - night 48 all the boy be sit around play card . the buzzer go , buzzzzzzzzzzz , Fred answer the intercom . fred the head yeah , ...? ( beat ) come on up , but do not be waste my time . one two be that archy ? ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 27a . 48 continued : 48 fred the head no , couple of oyster who get a little something to be view . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 28. 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 he press the button and walk back to the group . fred the head ( cont 'd ) how 's you mum take it handsome ? ( beat ) she must be very unhappy , I mean a five stretch ? handsome bob not again , please Fred . fred the head sorry Bob , I do not mean to offend . in the background we see the door open and in come two thieve scotsmen , they be sell fur coat . dolly who want another cuppa ? one two ( raise he cup ) thank you . mumble Glass of milk for I , my love . we thief move over to the table . meet we cocky scotsman malcolm and he partner in crime paul . malcolm drop he bag and start to get busy . he 's get a strong Scottish accent that have be influence by last night crack for dinner and two large whisky 's for breakfast . malcolm good afternoon gentleman . he cough nervously as the boy look on dead pan . he see dolly . malcolm ( cont 'd ) Excuse I my love , any chance of a wee dram of water to oil the larynx ? fred the head get on with it . malcolm ( cough ) ok gentleman here we go . first , my colleague Paul will be modeling the grey wolf . we see Paul who 's obviously completely gear out of he nut , he 's try to squeeze in to the steal grey wolf fur ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 28a . 48 continued : ( 3 ) 48 coat . it 's far too small and the fur stop half way up he arm , it 's not possible to do the button up . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 29 . 48 continued : ( 4 ) 48 malcolm ( cont 'd ) I must apologize for my assistant handicaps . he have unusually long arm and a alarmingly small neck . ( beat , the crowd be unimpress ) now , I do agree it do not seem like the right time to acquire a coat of such thermal efficiency . however , I have be inform that we be look at a very white winter . plus gentleman and fine lady , .. ( he wink at dolly who have get he a very large glass of water ) Christmas be always round the corner . he downs the water without it touch the side . mumble where do you find this two junky ? fred the head what be this , a fuckin double act ? one two shut up and tell we the price . malcolm all in good time gentleman , all in good time . ( beat ) Paul , why do not you sit down for a while . if Paul do not sit down , he 's gonna fall down . he stumble into the card table on he way to a seat , knock drink and card everywhere . everyone protest . malcolm ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( from under the table ) next , we have a very much seek after affair see in very , very glossy magazine , .. he jump up wear the most ridiculously oversize fur coat and match hat you have ever see . malcolm ( cont 'd ) the famous , but rare black bear from the dark mountain of siberian Calcutta . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 30 . 48 continued : ( 5 ) 48 he start to do a slow spin , at which point we see a large white stipe run down the fur back . malcolm ( cont 'd ) get a eye full of that stripe gentleman . mumble have a look at that , it 's a six foot skunk . everyone think its very fuckin funny . the laughter be interrupt only by the buzzer . buzzzzzzzzzz , Fred go to answer the buzzer . malcolm and all of this could be yours for a staggeringly low , ... cut to Fred at the buzzer . fred the head all right arch . back to the table , everyone 's ear prick up at the name . malcolm pause before he panic , he can tell something be up . fred the head ( cont 'd ) yeah , come on up . everyone start tucking they money into they pocket . Fred make he way back to the table . he speak to malcolm and Paul . fred the head ( cont 'd ) you two out , live - o. ( gesture ) the back door . malcolm know this be a sign to go . malcolm come on Paul , we will be go now . the two scotsman race in they fur coat toward the back door . in walk archy with Danny , the crew continue they card game . fred the head all right arch ? ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 30a . 48 continued : ( 6 ) 48 archy Fred , ... ( pause ) the speeler very quiet today , everything all right ? ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 31 . 48 continued : ( 7 ) 48 fred the head good as gold thanks . archy all right mumble ? one two ? mumble / one two arch ! pause while the boy carry on play card . archy so where be it then ? one two what , can not you smell it ? one two slowly kick it out from under the table . archy lean over to take the bag and one two stick a few note in he pocket . one two ( cont 'd ) and buy yourself a new pair of shoe . archy turn and head out - he 's smile and mutter to himself . archy silly bastard . 49 int . URI be boat - evening 49 uri have get some serious stink boat gin palace on the River Thames . he 's entertaining stella . URI they say there be only two day you enjoy a boat , the day you buy it and the day you sell it . stella well , accord to my figure that sound about right , but what can you do ? ( beat ) beauty be a cruel mistress . he smile , she be smart , he fancy she . URI I must remember that line . can I pour you a glass ? ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 31a . 49 continued : 49 stella not for I thank you . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 32 . 49 continued : ( 2 ) 49 URI you know , I like you . I like the way you ... be . always think about business , very professional . stella that 's what you pay I to be , be not it ? he nod . URI tell I about you husband . slightly uncomfortable stella my husband be a lawyer . URI I hear he be very good at what he do , maybe we can have some work for he . pause , she 's dead pan and not give anything away . URI ( cont 'd ) tell I , what do you do for fun ? pause . URI ( cont 'd ) have I offended you in some way ? stella I do not quite know where this be go and if you do not mind , I would like to keep we relationship professional . there be a pause while uri be slightly lose for word . then he slam the table in excitement and look up at Victor who be stand in the distance . URI you see Victor , this be what I be talk about . ( in Russian ) this be what I like about this country . they understand hierarchy - you do you job , I do mine and everyone get along . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 32a . 49 continued : ( 3 ) 49 URI ( cont 'd ) ( back into English ) now , back to business . we have have security problem and to cut a long story short , I need another seven million euros lose in the book . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 33. 49 continued : ( 4 ) 49 pause . stella ( not happy , she 's play a good little actress ) forgive I for be immodest Mr omovich . I be a very good accountant , but I can only cover so much of you money , it do have to be account for after all . it be not easy to lose seven million to the tax man . URI but , if you be so good , .... she huff and puff . stella let I think about it , there be some option I have try to leave open . he put he hand on top of hers , just before she pull it away he take he off . URI thank you . 50 int . lenny' office 50 tank be stand in front of archy . tank you know why they call I tank do not you archy ? archy I should imagine it have something to do with you be a dirty great blac , ... tank think tank . nothing get past the old think tank arch , nothing . ( pause ) you get I think , so I fire a few question into the right direction . think I would better come see you ' cos I get some news ' bout you painting . archy lean back to hear what tank be about to tell he . rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 34 . 51 int . warehouse - next day 51 lenny walk into the warehouse where we see two sloane ( posh kid , 20 ) strapped to a pair of chair with weight on the bottom . there be large leather belt wrap around they . lenny cole right , I be go to tell you how this work . you be go in the drink and I be go to make a cup of tea . archy grab a hook attach to a electric winch and attaches it to they leather belt . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) underneath the floor board be the famous river Thames . I hope for you sake you can hold you breath for as long as it take to boil that kettle . after that , I be go to ask you a question , one question . you be go to give I a name and if it 's the right name , I send you home warm and dry in a fresh set of clothes . if it 's the wrong name , you will be feed to the cray fish , .... see ya . he press the green button and a hatch in the floor open . the two sloane be lower into the river protest . 52 int . one two's car 52 handsome Bob 's get the long face on . one two come on Bob , cheer up . handsome bob what have I get to cheer up about , I be go to be lock up in a eight by ten tomorrow night . one two but that 's tomorrow night , tonight its take off time , we have prepare a little go away party . ( beat ) I get " the Harris twin " the most expensive escort girl to have ever escort . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 34a . 52 continued : 52 one two ( cont 'd ) they have get a night off from the Russians and they have all be grease down just for the bobski ! it 's go to take you two and a half year just to recover from this little party . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 35 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 handsome Bob be not impressed . one two ( cont 'd ) that cheer you up then ? handsome bob ( still not look happy ) it 's not that I be ungrateful one two , it 's just , .... one two it 's just what ? handsome bob do not worry , .. you would not understand . pause for a concerned think from one two . one two I understand anything come from you Bobby boy . handsome bob would you ? one two you be I best mate . there be a pause from handsome Bob . handsome bob I do not want the stripper one two , .... ( beat ) I want you , .... pause . a little look from one two like " oh you be take the piss " , then a realization that he be not . the brake be slam on and the car come to a screeching halt . one two be out before you know it , scream through the windshield . 53 ext . car - night 53 one two you dirty bastard ! I know all you girlfriend all of them ! handsome bob ( horrify ) see , I tell you you would not understand ! ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 35a . 53 continued : 53 one two understand what ? ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 36 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 one two ( cont 'd ) that you be a homa ? you be handsome Bob for god sake , handsome Bob the lady killer ! that be you Bob , do you hear I ? God , I have have shower with you , you have see my cock ! handsome bob I only tell you cos I be go away , but I should have keep my mouth shut . one two fuckin right you should have keep you mouth shut , should have drown the cat instead of let it out the bag . Bob 's now inconsolable sit in the car . one two feel bad , ...he catch himself . 54 int . car -- moment later 54 one two be back in the car , he 's try to calm handsome . one two all right Bob , I be sorry . I go over the top , it be just a surprise that 's all . ( Bob 's still cry ) bit of a broad side Bob , do you hear I , I be sorry , .. ( beat ) well what be it you want to do with I ? 55 int . warehouse - day 55 the two sloane have be bring back up and be cover in shit and cray fish , they be half drown . lenny cole hose them down Danny . get that cray fish off them . now , who have that painting ? ( beat ) one name . archy rip the tape off they mouth at the same time . drowned sloane johnny , johnny Story . you know the singer in that group Story time . this mean something to lenny . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 37 . 55 continued : 55 lenny cole that do not work do it ? how can a dead man sell you a painting ? drowned sloane he 's not dead , I know he 's not dead because he just try to sell we that picture and change he mind at the last minute . he 's get like a obsession with it . lenny 's face contort with anger . lenny cole put them back arch , before I shoot them . the two sloane scream in horror . drowned sloane Jesus ! I know he , I know who he be , ... we go to school with he . we be tell the truth , we be tell the , ... the tape be put back over they mouth . they be struggle to get free . archy Len , could I have a word ? private , .. it 's worth it . 56 int . warehouse corner 56 archy look at lenny , there be a pause for a while . they both feel uncomfortable . archy you boy 's not dead , be he ? lenny cole ( snap ) do not you dare call he my boy . archy sorry , I mean you boy , the ex 's boy , ... you step son . he have a set of key to the house do not he ? lenny 's red as a beetroot . lenny cole he will not die that cockroach . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 37a . 56 continued : 56 lenny cole ( cont 'd ) that junkie 's see more funeral than a fuckin undertaker , .. that boy be poison . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 38 . 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 lenny cole ( cont 'd ) the next world war will have he name write all over it . ( beat ) get I that two flash idiot that use to manage he , what be they call , Greek and Mini ? archy Roman and mickey . lenny cole if anyone can find that smoking crack pipe , it 's they . 57 int . bedroom 57 we CUT back to ten year ago . cut to a shot of a 12 year old boy with a cut under he eye sing " Bank robber " by the clash in to the mirror . he 's wear just he boxer short and enjoy himself , he 's gonna be a rock star . from behind we see he bedroom door open , but the music be to loud for the boy to have hear the entrance . we see lenny , ten year young enter , we can tell via the body language that he be irritate . he pause then walk up suddenly slapping the boy very hard across the side of the face . it 's enough to knock he out , the boy go down - shot like a bullet out of a barrel . the red hand then slap the stereo off . lenny cole listen to I boy , listen . I never do like you and neither do you real father . you be a reject , a wrong - un , a fuckin fairy in the mirror that I inherite from you mother , but she be not with we no more , so now it 's just you and I . in one week you go back to school , the best fuckin school in the country I might add , then you will be go for another term . ( beat ) in the mean time , show I some gratitude and keep the fuckin music down . 58 int . crack house 58 we CUT back to present and meet johnny story ( think Pete doherty meet Richard Ashcroft ) or posh John , posh , good look , 25 , alarmingly skinny and pale in a grey sort of way . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 38a . 58 continued : 58 he 's still listen to " Bank robber " dance round with a couple of toy gun . his mate , who be not so posh , meet pete be sport a balaclava at present . they have be crack it up and the paraphernalia be everywhere . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 39 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 johnny be stand in front of the mirror next to the mirror be the painting and oh he love it . Pete roll up he balaclava up and slam the stereo off . johnny story just could not , it 's get I , ... that 's what art do Pete , it get you . pete you would get a good few note for that . go on John , jog it on . johnny story you would not understand . pete why not ? johnny story because , ..... you , .... be street scum Pete . he do a quick moon walk , he 's take the piss . johnny story ( cont 'd ) you be in need of a education , that 's what you need , but you dad never give a shit about you do he ? and that be why you be on the gear . you gear be you surrogate father . pete leave off John , what be this shrink time ? johnny story come on pedro , share . I be you sponsor , Doctor , ... you dad if you be feel a bit of regression come on . ( beat ) but first we should have a drink in we hand . 59 int . bar 59 Rough old bar , there be a couple of old waster staggering around in the distance . johnny and Pete have now get drink in they hand . pete my dad make I watch Bonanza every Sunday after church . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 39a . 59 continued : 59 johnny story that 's get to have do some damage , all that gun and cowboy . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 40 . 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 pete you think ? it be not all bad , he sometimes make I laugh too . johnny story now we be get somewhere . do he interfere with you ? you know , touch you inappropriate like ? pete he tickle I if that 's what you mean . johnny story now that 's it ! that 's what I be look for , you see you dad be a monster pedro , a tickle monster . ( sing ) pedro 's dad 's a tickle monster ! johnny help himself to some waster drink at the bar for a quick refreshment . understandably , the waster do not look happy and he three friend do not look happy either . waster that 's my drink . johnny give the waster and he friend the masturbation signal without even bother to look at they . pete fuck you singalong , you be no help and stop call I pedro . the waster grab a bottle from the bar ready to take some action . johnny grab a pencil from he top pocket , he hold it out like it 's a knife . it 's almost a joke . johnny story come on boy , I will have you and ya girlfriend ! I will do the lot of yazz . the waster be lose . johnny be not physically scary , he 's only scary because he 's quite clearly mad . he look like Robert deniro in taxi driver , mad as mar , he catch himself in the mirror , he like what he see . ciggy fall out of he mouth , he sort of take the piss out of himself , smile " tough johnny , " the waster back off he do not want junkie madness . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 40a . 59 continued : ( 3 ) 59 johnny story ( cont 'd ) ( lean over he shoulder , mock serious ) be I good or what Pete ? it 's all in the eye . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 41 . 59 continued : ( 4 ) 59 johnny story ( cont 'd ) ( he raise he ridiculous eye brow ) junky , I will shit them ! johnny sit back down next to Pete . johnny story ( cont 'd ) do you dad do anything else to you Pete ? pete he hit I bad as well the slag . hit with a chain . Pete start to lift up he shirt . johnny story ( johnny stand ) what be you do ? I be not go to tickle you Pete , I be not you dad . he look over and see 's Pete have get the most horrific scar on he back . johnny notice 's they and stop in he track . johnny walk back over to Pete and very tenderly touch he back , it feel horrible and bobble . johnny story ( cont 'd ) ( soft ) I find that profoundly offensive pedro . two 's up on a snout to show I care . he pull out a ciggy . Pete take it . pete I use to think it have something to do with Bonanza . johnny story you dad be jealous . cos you dad be not sure he 's you dad , cos you do not look like he . pete really ? what do I look like then ? johnny story you have all the facial characteristic of North american native , livapuddlian indian . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 41a . 59 continued : ( 5 ) 59 johnny story ( cont 'd ) see you dad think you be a red indian and Bonanza trigger you father unconscious feeling . pete really ? pause . Pete look at johnny , ... johnny start to smile . pete ( cont 'd ) you slag Story ! I be not tell you fuck all , ... piss taker . 60 int . roman and mickey office 60 mickey and Roman 's secretary walk in . secretary mickey , .. Roman , there be four gentleman who , ... ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 42. 60 continued : 60 the office door open wider , in walk lenny , archy and boy . archy who wanna see you two . secretary I be sorry mickey . mickey do not worry about it June , go and have another lunch . lenny cole sorry to intrude . ( see some fruit on the table ) they call this a lichee do not they ? roman I believe so . lenny cole tasty exotic , bit like you suit . lenny pop it in he mouth , chew a while and spit out the middle . he turn to face roman and mickey , he do not look happy . roman how can we help ? lenny cole do not you have a act call Story time ? roman we do . lenny cole and be not there a lead singer call johnny Story ? roman there be . lenny cole well , I would like to see Mr johnny Story . roman I would like to see he too , but that might be tricky ' cos accord to the newspaper the only song Mr Story be go to be sing be hymn . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 43. 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 lenny cole and I shed a tear . I shed it for all that bone top that read the papers and believe that shit . ( beat ) have you see he body ? have you see he smack up and crack up with he tongue on he chin and he cock in he hand , swinging from the rafter , like a real rock ' n ' rolla ? ( pause ) no , you do not do you ? and nobody else fuckin do either , do they ' cos he be not dead . he 's alive - alive - of somewhere sell cockle and mussel , ... and a very important painting that do not belong to he . roman sorry , but what have this get to do with we ? lenny cole you have twelve license within a jurisdiction which I control . you wanna play on , do what I tell you . ( pause ) now , I can tell what you be think . roman that there 's not much you can not do ? archy slow down tinker bell , you will never sing the same if ya tooth be not you own . pause . mickey you gonna take care of he ? lenny cole ( smile ) what do you think we be , gangster ? that 's not my style and especially not with genetics and all , ... there be a look of confusion from Roman and mickey . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) blood thicker than poison moon beam , now do we all a favor , before you catch a cold . rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 44 . 61 int . speeler 61 one two walk into the speeler , he look like a lose man . he look over at the guy sit around talk , they stop and look up . cookie where have you be ? you be miss in court today . that 's not very compassionate be it , do not turn up for you amigo funeral . the phone ring in the back ground , dolly answer it . fred the head everybody else be there but you and I get the feel you be the only person handsome want to see . one two turn a little nasty . one two what be you try to say Fred ? fred the head eh ? one two you wanna have it out now ? from behind we see handsome Bob and mumble walk into the speeler . handsome Bob sneak up and put he hand over one twos eye . handsome bob guess whoooo ? one two spin round in major shock , he see 's Bob and he do not like it . all the boy look on like one two 's go to hug he . he do not . handsome bob ( cont 'd ) the prosecution lose the paper work . I be offski , the case be close . one two ( in shock ) five year , you be suppose to get five fuck year ! everyone 's in shock . dolly walk over and interrupt . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 44a . 61 continued : 61 dolly one two there 's a woman on the phone for you , she sound very educate . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 45 . 62 int . speeler storage room 62 one two take the call . one two how do you get this number ? stella ( v.o. ) I can get any number , I work with number do not I ? one two one point for initiative , two to tell I what 's on you mind . 63 int . stella's office 63 stella sit at she desk . stella I need a favor . my husband have a party tonight and they need some " smarty " but they have nowhere to go . look , I know it 's a liberty , but I think you might know people . plus , I have another bit of work for you . ( beat ) you can bring you friend . there will be interesting people - the rich and famous , the great and good . 63a int . speeler - storage room 63a one two look through the crack in the door and see Cookie . one two let I see what I can do . 63b int . speeler 63b one two come back into the room , he be still in disbelief . one two so Bob get off , big fuck deal . ( everyone look a little lose ) I have a little bit of work for you Cookie we have a party to go to . 64 int . URI be boat - day 64 lenny have another large vodka in he hand , while uri smile . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 45a . 64 continued : 64 URI you be look well lenny . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 46 . 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 lenny cole well thank you uri , that 's a real compliment from a man that obviously take good care of himself . URI I suppose you be wonder why you be here ? lenny cole I assume you want to check that everything be still " kosher " at my end . ( pause ) I be a little surprised you do not come through at the appropriate time , but I reckon you have you reason . silence . URI I assume everything be still as you say , ... kosher ? pause . lenny milk the moment and after a few second of mock think , he speak . lenny cole do not you worry uri , that one 's on I , ... partner and all that , but I would not like it to go south again , make thing difficult , if you know what I mean ? URI I understand lenny and I would not like thing to go wrong either . which bring I conveniently to my next point . ever since the painting , my lucky painting , have not be hang on my wall , thing have not be , .... so lucky . I know this be a rude request because we have not conclude we business , but I feel as though I need it . Long pause while lenny scramble for a excuse . 65 int . lenny' car 65 lenny enter the car look a little peachy . archy take one look and grimace . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 46a . 65 continued : 65 archy fuckin hell Len , he 's give you that bar tan again . you wanna leave that vodka alone . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 47 . 65 continued : ( 2 ) 65 lenny cole shut up arch ! archy everything all right ? lenny cole no it 's fuckin not all right , he want 's he painting , he lucky painting . archy look a little worried . archy oh , I see . that 's a bit of a problem then be not it ? lenny cole you should have see he eye I swore they change color , go fuckin red they do . archy they do not care who 's soil they be on that lot . they can buy half the country without break a sweat , you be small time to they . they could click they finger and we would be ether . turn very nasty . lenny cole you speak to I like that again and I will cut you fuckin tongue out . I run this town , get that , I ! anybody who think he 's rude enough , let them raise a finger , ' cos I will take off he whole fuckin arm . do you understand that archy ? ( beat ) I say do you ? archy think he boss be go mad , but he do not let on . archy yes , I do Len . 66 int . roman and mickey' office 66 the boy be still reeling from the news that johnny be lenny 's son . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 47a . 66 continued : 66 mickey how about that then , johnny Story 's father ? how do that get under the radar ? why do not anybody know ? ( continued ) rocknrolla yellow revision - 6-20-07 48. 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 roman would you want anyone to know that he be you dad ? would we have take he on if we have know ? mickey we be go to have to give he something , anything , a bed that 's be sleep in , a bone for he dog , some token of effort . roman we need to see Cookie . 67 int . party - night 67 the door open mumble , one two , Cookie , and Fred stand there . a man , tom in black tie open the door , he look posh and be in he boxer . tom ( a bit rude ) who be you ? he look the boy up and down . cookie my name be Cookie . tom you must be with stella ? cookie no , we be with the Grand Old Duke of York . tom well you can not come in here , not without shaking my hand . he offer it to one two who accept . Tom pull it back at the last minute and grease he hair back . tom ( cont 'd ) so you be suppose to be a hard case eh ? Tom disappear inside where we see a mass of extremely drunk toff run around go wild in black tie . cookie ( to one two ) this be gonna be a scream , Fred get them in . ( continued ) rocknrolla yellow revision - 6-20-07 48a . 67 continued : 67 he be talk about drink . fred the head why I ? mumble ' cos you look like one of they . fred the head they be mad this lot . ( continued ) rocknrolla yellow revision - 6-20-07 48b . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 cookie and take that chew gum off you foot before you start dance . stella approach . ( continued ) rocknrolla yellow revision - 6-20-07 49 . 67 continued : ( 3 ) 67 stella good evening gentleman . all the boy give it the " oh you sly one " to one two . there 's a gather of toff start to cluster , they be wait to be feed . a semi naked waiter appear with a drink tray . stella ( cont 'd ) help yourselves to drink . tom ( search for street cre ) so ! who the man ? one two I think that 's you cue Cookie . Cookie take he cue . cookie come on then kid , get in a nice orderly line and we will get the party start . the boy all head various way into the party 67a int . party 67a we see one two walk through the party , when he run into handsome . one two what the fuck be you do here ? handsome bob well all the chap be come and I do not have any plan tonight do I ? think I might celebrate a little , do you mind ? one two yes I do fuckin mind . now listen Bob , what happen last night be we little secret all right and it be only cos you be suppose to be do you time , right ? you tell anybody and I swear to God , .... I swear to God . well fuck it Bob , I think you understand . as one two walk away he run into Tom again who stand in he way . ( continued ) rocknrolla yellow revision - 6-20-07 49a . 67a continued : 67a one two ( cont 'd ) let I tell you something hard case , if you start any trouble around she , ... one two give he the quick one two punch , Tom be knock out cold , he catch he stand up and lower he to the floor . one two walk off . rocknrolla yellow revision - 6-20-07 49b . 67b int . party - sofa 67b we CUT to mumble on the sofa who be watch one two , he grimace . bertie be next to he . mumble and that 's why they call he one two . bertie so you be part of the wild bunch ? stella say you be dangerous . mumble smile and flick he cigar ash into bertie 's glass . he know he 's a poof and keep he eye on he a second too long just to get bertie excited . mumble do she now ? bertie so be you friend part of the wild bunch ? bertie be talk about handsome and mumble know it . mumble that young man be the great gun slinger in town . bertie ( bertie smile ) then how come I do not know he ? ( beat ) I know all about you type . mumble how be that then ? bertie I be a criminal lawyer , .. and I know a secret about you part of town . mumble what secret that then ? bertie you have a informer in you neck of the wood . mumble oh yeah , so what 's he name ? bertie you have to pay for secret . ( continued ) rocknrolla yellow revision - 6-20-07 49c . 67b continued : 67b mumble that 's not nice , but while you at it , what 's the price ? bertie ( he look to handsome ) I want to meet the gun slinger . mumble look over to handsome . 68 int . party - corridor 68 CUT to one two who have just run into stella , there be a man hold a tray of drink next to they . stella drink ? one two large one , ... dance ? stella so , you be a dancer ? one two be I a dancer ? shall we put the record straight ? one two make room in front of he and start to dance relativity badly . you get the feel he probably could dance , but he just can not be bother to make a effort . one two ( cont 'd ) you see it 's all in the gene . ( he slowly turn ) my dad be a dancer and he dad before that so gradually it 's percolate the old DNA . you not join I ? stella sure , I like to dance . she stand up and dance just like he . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 50 . 68 continued : 68 one two hello , I can sense a little competition . so what you get for I ? stella the same job 's back on again . one two oh yea ? ( beat ) do not throw my rhythm . stella same time , same place , same money . one two what about security ? stella same as before , but they be not my accountant . a couple of they 's , .. other than that , should be just the same . 68a int . party 68a we CUT to mumble who have go up to handsome . mumble handsome , I get a job for you . see that man on the couch . handsome bob the one that 's stare at we ? how can I miss he . mumble do I a favor , chat he up . handsome bob fuck off what do think I be ? mumble he 's some big wig lawyer who know about a informer in we part of town and since you be just look at a five stretch , I think you might be interested . handsome get the picture and head over to bertie . one two appear and approach mumble . one two we get another job on , same as before . ( continued ) rocknrolla yellow revision - 6-20-07 51 . 68a continued : 68a mumble it 's all go around here be not it ? de of iniquity this place be . you know you old lady , well she big time lawyer husband he 's a beard get a crush on the handsome . one two what be you talk about ? mumble put it this way , I do not think they marry for love . one two I gotta get a breath of fresh air . 69 int . party - sofa 69 we CUT to to handsome who have come to sit on the same sofa as bertie . handsome bob so , I hear you have a secret , but you look like you might have more than one . why do not you confess ? bertie I do not want to talk about work . handsome bob if you tell I who the informer be , we will talk about whatever you want to , anyway , you do not have to tell I anything . if he 's a informer you will have he deposition and poem . bertie my , my not just a pretty face . how do you know about that sort of thing ? handsome scribbles out he number on a piece of paper , and give it to bertie . handsome bob let 's have a drink during the week , and I will tell you all about it , all I need be a little bit of paper work . 69a int . party 69 a ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 52 . 69a continued : 69 a one two be on he way out the door when Cookie stop he . cookie oi one two , I be go to make a kill out of this lot , they have definitely get more money than brain . ( to one two ) I owe you one boyo . 70 int . crack house 70 johnny be watch cartoon try to skin up a joint use a page of a book , he put it down in frustration . Pete walk in , grab the picture from it 's place and start to walk out . johnny squint . johnny story pedro ? come back here . Pete stop in he track . johnny story ( cont 'd ) where do you think you be go with that painting ? pete ( he 's flap ) you never say it be you dad 's or whatever you wanna call he . you gotta give it back John people be look for it , bad people . the street be alive with the sound of pain . johnny story you may have a point Pete , but I can not give it up . you know why ? pete no , why ? johnny story meet I in the pub in two minute . 71 int . pub 71 johnny walk in and approach the barman . he do not like johnny . barman what do you want ? ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 53. 71 continued : 71 johnny story now , now no need for that tone bar steward . I be merely on mission to acquire a shot of you finest scotch and a packet of you , ... ( point to paper 's ) cheapest roll paper . barman Green or red ? johnny story King size of course - along with a packet of you shiniest coffin nail . the barman reach for a pack of cigarettes . barman do not make a scene in here boy . johnny put a large note on the bar . johnny story put the change in the blind box my good man and remember , ... he lean into the bar and shut one eye . johnny story ( cont 'd ) " in the kingdom of the blind , the one eye man be king " the barman be leave with he mouth open . johnny walk to the piano to drink he scotch . there be a few beer mat on the piano , johnny wipe the mat off with a glide of he hand and they fall to the floor . he raise the lid , cough , compose himself , and extend he hand through he sleeve . he hit the first note and take he scotch down in one . a few of the old punter turn around . johnny start to play the most beautiful classical music with he eye shut . Pete walk in , approach johnny and sit with he . he like it when he play . johnny do not even need to see he to know that he 's there . johnny story ( cont 'd ) you see that pack of Virginia kill stick at the end of the piano ? we see the pack of cigarette 's on the piano . pete yeah . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 53a . 71 continued : ( 2 ) 71 johnny story all you need to know about life be retain within that four wall . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-15-07 54 . 71 continued : ( 3 ) 71 Pete pick up the pack as johnny keep he eye shut . the follow story be a montage of pack shot of the cigarette box , intercut with johnny 's delicate finger stroking the key . johnny story ( cont 'd ) you will notice that one of you personality be seduce by the illusion of grandeur . a " gold " packet of " king " size and with a " regal " insignia . a attractive implication toward glamour and wealth , a subtle suggestion that cigarettes be indeed you " royal " and loyal friend . and that Pete , ... be a lie. ( beat ) you other personality be try to draw you attention to the flip side of the discussion . written in boring , bold , black and white be the statement , that this neat little soldier of death , be in fact , try to " kill you . " and that Pete , ... be the truth . ( beat ) beauty be a beguile call to death and I be addict to the sweet siren of its pitch . and that , .. be why , .. you and I love the crack , and that be also why I can not , .. give that painting back . he open he eye and look at Pete , he cigarette have go out . johnny story ( cont 'd ) now , please pass I a light . pete ( in mock awe ) oh you be something special johnny Story . johnny smile and put he in a head lock , they fall to the floor wrestle . 72 omitted 72 72a int . restaurant - below the speeler 72 a one two and mumble be here eat and hold they implement of destruction to be use on the next " job " we see the detail . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 55 . 72a continued : 72a mumble we will use rock salt in the shot gun cartridge . slip them into the revolver , if it start get large , we will bang a couple in to them and that will slow them down . they will not know the difference between lead or salt and of course Bob 's drive . one two I do not want to use Bob . mumble what ? he 's we driver , the a-team not complete without the driver . ( beat ) what 's happen between you and Bob ? there 's a bit of a pause . one two I think there might be something about Bob you do not know mumble . mumble what 's that then ? that he 's a poof ? one two what ? eh ? how do you know ? mumble everybody know he 's a flamer , you be the only one who do not . he love the boy . one two ( stunne ) what be you talk about , I be lose orientation here mumble . mumble do he make a pass at you , be this what this be all about ? one two yes , he fuckin do . mumble ok so what 's the problem ? it be suppose to be he last night so you " take care " of he , that 's what friend do for one another , well do , I will not tell the chap . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 56 . 72a continued : ( 2 ) 72a one two hold on a minute , you will not tell the chap what ? mumble what do you do ? suck he , ... one two stop right fuckin there ! what be go on here ? do that mean you have suck he , ... mumble well , you must have touch he . one two hold on ! I be not fuck gay ! he want a dance that 's all ! mumble do you give he one ? 72b int . cuban mens dancing club 72b we CUT to a shot of one two dance a slow dance with handsome Bob who look depressed . 72c int . restaurant - below the speeler 72c one two a dance , yes , I do . mumble be it a slow dance ? one two trail off , .... one two what have he do to I ? beat . mumble I think there 's something else you should know about we bob. one two what , there 's more ? mumble who do you think look after you mum before she die , whilst you be do a two stretch ? ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 57 . 72c continued : 72c mumble ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) ' cos it be not fuckin I and I be you best pal ! ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 58 . 72c continued : ( 2 ) 72c mumble ( cont 'd ) no , it be Bob around there six time a week without fail make sure she be look after . you tore you mum heart out when you go away and Bob do he best to put it back . ( pause ) I tell you something one two , if I could be half the human that Bob be and the price be be a poof , I would think about it . ( beat ) not for too long , but I would have to think about it . one two he look after my mum , how come he never tell I ? mumble ' cos that 's handsome Bob and he 's class . 72d omitted 72d 72e omitted 72e thru thru 72e 72e 72f omitted 72 F 72g omitted 72g thru thru 72j 72 J 73 int . night club - backstage 73 Roman and mickey have get a band on stage and the place be fill up . Roman be on the phone look concerned as mickey look on , he put the phone down . we CUT to we band play on stage , modern young punkster , Arctic monkey type . plenty of attitude . rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 59 . 74 ext . night club door - night 74 there be a long line of people outside Roman and mickey 's venue . johnny and Pete hustle they way through the crowd , the bouncer pull they up . bouncer oi you , what do you think you be do ? johnny story what do you think we be do ? we be try to get in . bouncer go home waster , cost money to get in here . johnny story yes my good man , I be aware of that . johnny go for he money , but the bouncer push he on . 75 int . night club - backstage 75 mickey what 's wrong with you ? roman get that archy on the phone , I think we have get a problem . we CUT to the band smash away . 76 ext . night club door 76 the bouncer be hold johnny and Pete back . bouncer run along junky . johnny story oi looky , but no touchy . johnny push the bouncers arm away . the bouncer retort with a slap round the cheek . Pete will not stand for that , he go for the bouncer in a pathetic junkie way . pete get off he you slag , he 's class . the bouncer smashes a big bouncer punch right on Pete 's nose . Pete shoot back past johnny and lay in the road , the line start clap . rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 60 . 77 int . night club 77 Roman be on the phone with archy , we cut to they mid conversation . roman Mr. archy , .... ( beat ) I hear you , but you can not just shut we down ! I have get a act on . 78 ext . night club door 78 johnny stand over Pete , he notice johnny 's face . Pete 's see this before , he 's change like a mad about to explode . pete ( calm , but worried ) leave it John , I be happy , I be all right down here mate . let 's call it a night eh ? johnny story I will show they ' fuckin happy . 79 int . night club - back stage 79 we hear the band be start to get louder and faster . roman I understand , we will find he , .. ( still plead ) but I have to keep the club open ! I have four hundred people in here ! ( beat ) do not you dare shut we down ! 80 ext . night club door 80 johnny make for the bouncer with menace , the bouncer look at johnny come and smile . bouncer Fancy some more talent boy ? johnny keep come , he 's tiny in comparison , the bouncer stand and wait - he 's ready . johnny give the old two finger poke to the eye , the bouncer scream in pain and swing into the ether rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 60a . 81 int . night club 81 we CUT to the band who be go mad . 82 ext . night club door 82 johnny pull out he signature pencil . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 61 . 82 continued : 82 johnny story I be go to report you , what 's you name ? bouncer jog on boy , before I grind you bone to make my bread . without a hesitation johnny stick the pencil into the bouncers leg , it 's quite nasty . the bouncer stumble forward like a wounded elephant , it 's David and goliath . johnny 's smart , he know how to do this properly . johnny story oh I be sorry do that hurt ? here let I help you up . 83 int . night club - back stage 83 mickey walk back to Roman . mickey ( to Roman ) they be try to shut we down ! CUT to the band go even madder - the crowd be loving it . 84 ext . night club door 84 johnny pick up a trash bin lid and start give it to the bouncer . the crowd dance around this wounded beast . johnny story what be that about grind bone ? 85 int . night club 85 roman if we want to keep the licence and the light on , we need to find johnny Story . mickey look at the security camera and see chaos . mickey there be a revolution take place outside . the band be still go when all of a sudden the light get pull , we cut to black . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 61a . 86 int . restaurant - tacky modern flash 86 Roman and mickey have come to find Cookie . he be with a group of people have dinner include Fred the head . we cut into he mid joke . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 62 . 86 continued : 86 cookie joke to be insert by Cookie . the table laugh , Roman and mickey approach . cookie ( cont 'd ) hello , it 's Roman and mickey , what be you do here boy ? roman can we have a word Cookie ? 87 int . restaurant booth 87 roman we need to find johnny Story . cookie well , you should be the first to know this , but be not he , ... roman you know and I know nothing kill johnny . ( beat ) come on Cookie , you have help he fuck up he life for the last five year , now do he a good turn . this story will be illustrate appropriately , include a little smoking devil hold the burn crack . cookie have you ever buy a ticket to the junky bone yard Roman ? ( beat ) it 's a unpleasant place call " curl up and die . " might sound like a hair salon , but it do not fuckin look like one I can tell ya . it 's a horrible sight and a terrible sound listen to a man suck he soul through the hole in " the pipe " and even worse when he try to tear it back . ( beat ) I have be there , I have do that , ... then I nail that demon in a smoke proof coffin and I do it all with johnny . I love that man , he 's what you call class .. and if you would use you head , you would love he too . you know he music sale have go up a thousand percent in two week . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 63. 87 continued : 87 cookie ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you see , johnny " the crack head " Story know that a " rocka " be worth more dead than alive , silly world be not it ? ( beat ) Mr Story do not get he gear from I , he have to travel far and wide . leave I you number and if the dead feel like call , you will be the first to know . 88 omitted 88 90 omitted 90 91 omitted 91 rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 64 . 92 int . range rover 92 we see inside the Range Rover where there be a driver with we two chechnyan . the chechnyan have suitcase handcuff to they wrist . they speak in they native tongue . chechnyan 1 Victor be uri 's right hand man , we serve together for four year in Chechnya . we use to have a good time together , he 's a real soldier , strong , hard , we make much trouble . I save he life and he save mine many time , ... chechnyan 1 pull up he sleeve to reveal a massive tattoo . his arm be fill with slash mark on it . chechnyan 1 ( cont 'd ) caught in tank track ! he pull I out and this one , ... he unbuckle he trousers and show a massive gouge in he thigh . chechnyan 1 ( cont 'd ) stem grenade . chechnyan 2 I have one of that , ... chechnyan 2 pull up he trouser leg to reveal massive scar on he shin . chechnyan 2 ( cont 'd ) how many of this have you get ? rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 65 . 92a omitted 92a thru thru 92c 92c 92d int . range rover 92d chechnyan 1 pull he shirt up to reveal more wound . chechnyan 1 six thirty calibe , .... smash !!!! they car be smashed into a tailspin , by handsome Bob 's truck . the Range Rover eventually land on it 's side , steam , spin wheel , smoke , and glass be everywhere . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 66 . 92e omitted 92e 92f ext . STREET 92 F Bob jump out of he truck and run down to the second getaway car wait . we see one two and mumble get out of they car and run over to the Range Rover on its side , they be carry a axe and bolt cutter . Inside , chechnyan 2 slowly open he daze eye , to see a axe chopping through the window . two chop and the window give in . one two lean in and grab the case , but it 's chain to chechnyan 2 's wrist . one two pull the arm out of the window and mumble use massive bolt cutter to cut the case free . mumble there 's another case , grab it . one two lean in and grab the second case from chechnyan 1 . as he be about to chop this one loose , he be pull into the car by chechnyan 2 . one two the bastard 's still kick . mace he , mace he ! mumble quickly move around to the other window and spray mace everywhere , include into one two 's eye . one two ( cont 'd ) yaaaaaaaaaaaaaa , not I you idiot , the guerrilla ! chechnyan 2 in the mean time have regain some of he strength and be still pull one two into the car with he . we can see Bob in the distance now next to they second getaway car look concerned . one two ( cont 'd ) shoot he , shoot he , the bastard go to eat I ! mumble pull out a revolver , stick it in the window and fire it into chechnyan 2 's leg . this just aggravate the chechnyan . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 67 . 92f continued : 92f one two ( cont 'd ) in he arm ! bang . one two ( cont 'd ) arhhhhhhhhhhh . that 's my fuckin arm ! one two manage to head butt chechnyan 2 and go back to reclaim the case from chechnyan 1 . he pull it out and mumble cut the chain . one two can not see a thing . mumble let 's go , we have get it . one two give I a hand , you have blind I ! Major confusion be set in . they run back to they car , which be still run , mumble shove one two into the back and jump in the driver seat . one two ( cont 'd ) go , go , go , go !!!!!! with he window open , mumble wheel spin out of the situation and turn to check on one two . from out of nowhere a very large chechnyan arm shoot through the window and put mumble in a neck lock . the chechnyan 2 be hold on and not let go . the car tear across the road and enter a shop window that have a mezzanine . the car come to a halt on a precarious ledge , it 's dangle with the chechnyan 2 still not let go . 93 int . car - in sport shop 93 one two give I the gun . one two can get a clear shot into the chechnyan 2 's side . he shot he once , chechnyan 2 do not move , twice , three time , four time , he finally let go and fall down on the floor . one two ( cont 'd ) shit , what be this two make out of ? mumble be cough and slowly come back to life . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 67a . 93 continued : 93 mumble let 's get go . one two I can hardly see , where be we ? ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 68 . 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 mumble grab my hand , we be get out of here . one two who 's get the case ? mumble I have get them . as they get out of the car , we see chechnyan 1 have now make he way down the street . he be punch drunk with mace in he eye , but extract a machine gun from under he jacket . the boy freeze they be fuck , nowhere to go , but chechnyan 1 be blink profusely he can not be sure where they be . he let off a magazine into the manikin next to we boy who all hit the deck . the magazine run dry , chechnyan 1 dip into he belt to extract a fresh one . mumble see 's he opportunity , he grab a golf club that be stand next to he , run at chechnyan 1 and take a massive swipe at he head . chechnyan 1 go down , but he have already put in a new magazine . mumble be still carry the case , one two be attach to he arm . one two shoot he mumble or we will not get out of this ! mumble I can not fuckin shoot he , you do it . a baseball smashes into mumble face , he go down , and he 's out . chechnyan 2 have appear carry a metal baseball bat . one two pick up the machine gun . one two stop or I will shoot ! chechnyan 2 will not stop , he just keep on come . one two ( cont 'd ) I mean it , get down , ... get down ! chechnyan 2 keep come , one two do not want to do it but he have to . he let off twenty three bullet into the chechnyan 2 's chest , the chechnyan be knock back and disappear over the mezzanine . one two be in shock , he have never kill a man . he stand there numb . mumble ( who have come back to life ) I get the case , now let go . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 68a . 93 continued : ( 3 ) 93 pause . one two be still in shock . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 69 . 93 continued : ( 4 ) 93 mumble ( cont 'd ) now one two , now ! they make they way to the entrance . there be a crowd of people gather , a great " ohhhhhhhh " go up . 94 ext . sport shop 94 one two where 's Bob ? beep . beep . a car slowly make it way through the crowd . it pull up and the boy pile in , what 's leave of they . they pull away from the sport shop . 95 int . bob' getaway car 95 Bob look in he mirror , he can see a gun be raise , there be someone on the trunk . handsome bob down . he slam on the brake . chechnyan 2 go fly over the roof , but stop himself hit the road by perforate the hood with he massive knife . he proceed to perforate the wind screen with another knife that he extract and ( because of laminate ) start to see through the wind screen . the boy be in horror . handsome bob ( cont 'd ) abandon ship ! 96 ext . bob' getaway car 96 one two get catch in a head lock by chechnyan 2 , they struggle . mumble hit the chechnyan from behind with a car Jack and chechnyan 2 go down again . one two 's eye have just about come back . one two run ! run for you life . the crew split in different direction . Bob take the case and pluck some poor bystander out of they car and take off . mumble disappear another way . chechnyan 2 be up and follow one two - terminator style , a foot chase begin . one two , split from the group and be pursue , jump over a wall . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 69a . 97 ext . railway track 97 one two have end up on a railway track . he turn back , why should chechnyan 2 chase he , he have not get the money . but no , chechnyan 2 be over the fence , bullet proof vest flap in the wind , and come after he . one two find he strength this be he world , the world of the runner - he 's off down the track . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 70 . 97 continued : 97 the pair of they be bleed profusely , they be bashed to a pulp , but they have still get a run sprit . the run go on and on . chechnyan 2 have rip off he jacket , we can see he massive scar cover torso drip in blood and sweat , he seem unstoppable . one two get confident and start to run backwards egging chechnyan 2 on , chechnyan 2 be a good runner , but not good enough . deep hate fill he eye as one two make a fool out of he , chechnyan 2 will remember this man . one two be take complete liberty , he almost stop and wait until chechnyan 2 have catch up to he and then he tear off , the chechnyan keep come . one two see 's in the distance a tiny mope approach from a distance , its chechnyan 1 who completely out size the machine . however , he 's move and it 's move faster than one two . one two duck off the track and over a wall , the mope get nearer . at least when he get over the wall , the mope will not follow right ? one two 's over . he can hear the mope on the other side , one two look over he shoulder he can see the mope be lift over the wall . " oh shit . " this be where one two 's " zone " come into play . he drift in to a place that he can not be disturb and he run and run and run . up , down , through and in . 98 ext . STREET 98 we see mumble have catch up with one two along side the track . he be on a motorbike that he have steal . mumble get on ! one two jump on the back and they speed away leave we chechnyan 's behind . 99 int . porta cabin 99 we be on another one of uri 's construction site , lenny be here to do the money exchange , again . lenny cole I will have that painting with you in a couple of day uri . it get lock up with some other goods of mine , I want to keep it safe , but archy lose the key to the lock . do not you arch ? archy nod like a idiot . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 70a . 99 continued : 99 lenny cole ( cont 'd ) now , I be not be funny uri , but I have a payment to make . so if there be any chance that I could get the money . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 71 . 99 continued : ( 2 ) 99 Victor walk up , there be something wrong . victor ( in Russian ) I need to speak to you uri. 100 ext . porta cabin - continuo 100 uri conclude the meeting with lenny and archy and they walk to the exit where turbo be wait by the door . something have obviously just happen . lenny cole something wrong with this immigrant arch , I do not fuckin trust them . we be be set up , do not know how , but something 's wrong , I can smell it with my sniffer . I think he be make of fuckin money , not too happy about flash it around here though be he ? 101 int . porta cabin 101 uri watch lenny walk off . victor he be the only one that know . URI he do not have the ball or the brain . victor he 's a crook , a small time back hand crook . once could be a coincidence , but twice and the painting - you " lucky painting " I think he be try to make a fool out of you . 102 int . restaurant 102 one two walk into the restaurant with handsome Bob . one two be bashed to a pulp , but he 's wear a nice suit and carry a bag full of money . there be a slight silence as he appearance arrest conversation . handsome wait near the entrance and one two sit down across from stella , there be a pause . the odd person pass and double take at one two . stella oh my God , be you all right ? ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 71a . 102 continued : 102 a waiter walk up . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 72 . 102 continued : ( 2 ) 102 one two that be a rhetorical question I hope. ( to waiter ) a glass of water thank you . ( beat ) with a straw . ( to stella ) do not you want to know what happen ? stella I know what happen , it 's be all over the news , but I do not realize , ... one two you do not say anything about gun , .. machine gun with war criminal stick to the trigger . stella I be sorry I do not know , but should not you have take precaution ? one two I will leave you bag under the table all right ? ( pause ) but this be not about the money be it ? I see you there on that last job . at first I think it be curiosity , .. CUT back to the robbery we see stella in she car that one two have see , but we do not . one two ( cont 'd ) but then I realize what be go on . you do not need the money , you like the rush . you old man , can not give you the action can he ? ( beat ) good - bye sweetheart you be too dangerous for I . he get up and limp out . 103 int . car 103 one two and handsome get into the car where mumble , nursing he own wound , be already wait . handsome sit in the driver seat when he phone go . handsome bob be that you bertie ? ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 73. 103 continued : 103 mumble and one two know what this call be about . bertie ( v.o. ) what 's happen about that drink ? handsome bob what 's happen about that paper work ? bertie ( v.o. ) I be busy tonight , but Monday look good . I will leave the papers at my reception under you name and text you the address . handsome bob I will be round in a jiffy and I will see you Monday . the phone go down , one two narrow he eye . one two you be scary good at that . handsome bob do you miss it ? one two shut up Bob or I will slap you . go and pick up you paper work from you boy friend and drop I off on the way , I be go back to bed . 104 int . town hall 104 lenny be walk down the main corridor , he 's a man on a mission . archy be next to he , not look so enthusiastic . lenny cole arch I do not care if he 's fuckin busy , if we call , he answer , that 's the deal . there he be , .. ( shouting ) councilor , .. councilor ! the councilor be walk down the corridor he 's with some of he colleague . he look mortify and beckon he friend on . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) something wrong with you telephone ? ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 74 . 104 continued : 104 councilor what be you do here lenny ? you can not come here . lenny cole steady , councilor steady , ... I go wherever I fuckin want . this be my town , not yours no matter what you and you pen push immigrant boy scout might think . ( pause ) now , what 's go on ? councilor ( hurriedly ) step in here . 105 int . councilor office 105 the councilor step into he office . councilor I can not do it , you have leave it too long lenny . you want something that the city have a ruling against , something they say they would not give permission to build . lenny cole do not give I that shit . I can look out my window and there 's twenty kind of building this city say they would never build , how do that happen eh ? fuckin termite get together and have a house building party do they ? no sunshine , back hander put they up , back hander just like mine . councilor this be not fuckin Zaire lenny , I can not do it this time . lenny grab the councilor by the bollock and push he up against the wall . councilor ( cont 'd ) get off my bollock lenny . he squeeze the councilor bollock harder , the councilor scream . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 74a . 105 continued : 105 lenny cole do not you swear at I you yellow puddle of immigrant piss or I will fuckin drow you in it . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 75 . 105 continued : ( 2 ) 105 lenny cole ( cont 'd ) ( squeeze ) feel that do you councilor ? you think I do not have a paper trail for all the gift , the car , holiday , tennis court and swim pool ? I own this bollock and they be more fragile than a pair of quail egg . now get it do ! ( squeeze ) and next time blue bollock , remember who the daddy be ! 106 int . crack house 106 johnny 's sit smoking a fag and watch more cartoon . Pete walk in with malcolm and Paul , johnny jump up angry . johnny story moron , ... what do you think you do ? pete what John ? johnny story letting creature in my yard without my consent . pete they be good stuff John , scotch and scouse . malcolm like the drink and the Beatles . I be malcolm and this be my friend and colleague Paul , you know like the saint . Paul 's still comatose . malcolm ( cont 'd ) Paul do not say much , he 's too busy think . ( beat ) come on , we know you John , we be big fan , you be what they call a real rocknrolla . johnny cut in and storm over to all three of they , push they out the door . johnny out !! good-bye , on you way , bon voyage and fuck off . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 75a . 106 continued : 106 Pete fall to the floor sulk , johnny can push no more it 's a lay down , malcolm and Paul join he . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 76 . 106 continued : ( 2 ) 106 johnny ( cont 'd ) what be this a laydown ? a fuckin demo ? malcolm leave we be johnny , we be nice people . peaceful people . this be a demonstration of peace . johnny where the fuck do you find this two junky ? Conference , now Pete . johnny drag Pete in toilet . 107 int . crack house toilet 107 johnny story pedro I swear this be the last time I be have you take the piss , next time you be on you own . pete sorry , I think you might like some company . johnny story I be dead Pete , what do that tell you ? it tell you , that dead people do not like company ! now jog them on . pete all right , I will tell them to leave . johnny story yes you fuck well will , smelly junky . meeting adjourned . johnny and Pete walk out of the toilet , malcolm and Paul be go . pete you have scared them off sing - a- long , but with a welcome like that it 's not all that shocking . johnny story lucky you be not follow they . johnny look over , the picture have go , he turn to Pete . johnny story ( cont 'd ) where 's the picture Pete ? rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 76a . 108 int . speeler 108 malcolm and Paul walk in the speeler , it 's pack . Paul be hold the painting . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 77 . 108 continued : 108 fred the head hi ho it 's the werewolf brother , what you get for we today ? malcolm Paul , please exhibit to the audience the fine artifact . Paul walk around with the painting - malcolm sit he down , he 's in a state again . malcolm ( cont 'd ) now , now young Paul rest you weary leg . ( beat . here come the pitch ) gentlemen , ... we be enter the realm of the ancient art form of paint on canvas , ... Cookie cut in . cookie I will have it , how much ? malcolm ( stunne ) one moment sir , there 's a pitch that come with this painting , .... Cookie get up from the table and walk over . cookie I do not want the pitch , I say I will have it . malcolm it 's a very rare and expensive painting sir . malcolm 's upset , he want to give the pitch . Cookie pull out a lot of money too much for malcolm to say no to . cookie here ya go , have a week in snow . malcolm take it . malcolm good afternoon gentleman , it 's be a pleasure . I can hardly wait till the next time . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 77a . 109 ext . golf course 109 uri , lenny and Victor be out on the fairway . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 78 . 109 continued : 109 lenny cole I will have that painting in a couple of day uri , trust I on that . uri 's not sure about that last statement . URI you like it out here lenny ? lenny cole can not beat the great outdoors can you uri ? I can not understand it , not a soul out here . URI that 's because I have have the course clear for we lenny , we be not go to be disturb . lenny cole oh that 's good , I love a clear fair way , that 's a bitta I that uri. nothing worse than be jogge on by blind tourist swinging a stick on a Sunday . URI what be we go to do lenny ? every time I be about to make my payment something dishonest happen . ( pause ) you , would not know anything about that , would you ? clearly shifting gear , could he be say what he think . lenny cole Excuse I ? be you try to say something uri? URI I be not try lenny , I be say something . lenny be not have any of this , after all he 's " top dog . " lenny cole I think you forget who you be speak to you insolent bastard . you forget where you be you fuckin immigrant . this be my land , my fuckin show , I run this tow , .... ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 78a . 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 Victor have extract a five iron from out of the golf bag and have decide to break both of lenny 's leg in ten different place . lenny scream in unimaginable agony , writhe on the green . uri almost ignore the activity . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-17-07 79 . 109 continued : ( 3 ) 109 URI I have to go now lenny , I be have lunch with the councilor , you councilor . this , as you know , be the ninth hole and it be a long crawl back to you car . you should make it by sunrise , just in time to bring I my " lucky picture . " I want it back do you hear I ? Victor kick he . lenny cole yes , ..y . URI after that , I do not want to hear from you again , disappear do you understand I lenny ? ( Victor stand on he break leg arrrrgh ) lenny ? lenny cole yes , yes , I understand . Victor dip into he lenny 's pocket and extract he phone . URI Times just change . ( uri get in the buggy ) good bye lenny . he get into the buggy with Victor and drive off . 110 int . one two's house 110 one two come in and close the door behind he . he look down on the floor and there be the painting , we see a large note on it that say . " let myself in , think you lady would like the painting . Love , Cookie " the door bell ring , he open it and there stand stella . she walk in straight past one two , he turn round with he mouth open , she gently slap it shut and kiss he . 111 int . car 111 we be outside bertie 's office - handsome open the car door and jump in , he 's hold a brown envelope . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 79a . 111 continued : 111 mumble be wait there . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-19-07 80 . 112 int . one two's house 112 one two be sit on the bed that have be tear apart . he 's in he boxer short with a ciggy in he mouth . stella be walk toward the bathroom , the phone ring . one two yeah ? 113 int . car 113 we see mumble and handsome drive they be talk on the speaker phone . mumble we have find out about that informer . you lady " the beard , " she old man come through . one two ( v.o. ) what ? handsome bob it 's here in my hand , the informer , the one responsible for all the sentence we have be see - all of them , include I . one two ( v.o. ) well , who be it then ? mumble who 's sidney Shaw ? 114 int . one two's house 114 one two sidney Shaw be a pseudonym you idiot , they never use the real name . get around here and let I have a look . 115 int . hospital corridor 115 a gang of villain be lining the corridor , archy walk through they . 116 int . hospital bedroom 116 lenny be here with a nurse . nurse do not try and move it will be too painful before tonight . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 80a . 116 continued : 116 lenny cole give I the water , aaaaaahhhhh , .. nurse I tell you not to move . archy walk into the room . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 81 . 116 continued : ( 2 ) 116 lenny cole break my leg in four place archy , do you hear that ? the bastard 's make I limp for the rest of my day . archy what do you want I to do ? lenny be clearly distress , he confidence have go . lenny cole I need that picture archy , I need it bad . archy I will get it , do not you worry and I think I can do better than that . this catch he attention . lenny cole what ? archy someone have be at the Russian 's money , a couple of silly gun slinger , ..he be not make up storey . lenny cole what ? archy you know them and you do not like them either . lenny cole I be not play fuckin game here arch look at I , who ? archy mumble , Bob and one two . 117 int . one two's house 117 stella walk out of the bathroom , she look immaculate . one two look at you , good as new . stella I have to go now . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 81a . 117 continued : 117 one two Fancy share some dance lesson with I later in the week , a bitta the 'ol salsa ? ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 82. 117 continued : ( 2 ) 117 stella ( she smile ) I will take you up on that . one two I get something for you . think you might like it , see as you like painting and all . ( he motion ) there , it 's on floor . leant up against the wall be the lucky painting , she stop and look at it , the camera slowly creep into she face . we observe one two look for a reaction . one two ( cont 'd ) like it ? stella you have very good taste , ... Mr one two . she pick up the painting and turn smile . stella ( cont 'd ) good bye . with that she be off and out the door . one two grab the 70 retro headphone above he head and slap they on he ear . he press the remote control and the music kick in . 118 ext . crack house 118 mickey and Roman approach the crack house door and flick up the letter box . they see a string hang , they pull it and down come a key . 119 int . crack house 119 Roman and mickey walk in to see johnny slouched and watch tv , more silly cartoon . he 's get he top off and he 's smoking a ciggy . his foot be rest on a old chair and Pete be asleep next to he . johnny hardly move . roman so why do you call johnny ? johnny story sorry , johnny 's not home right now , but the pipe be and the pipe say that johnny hear you be get in trouble boy . Roman give a slight roll of the eye . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 83. 119 continued : 119 roman look , whoever I be talk to please relay the message to johnny . his dad , he jack in the box surprise gangster daddy , pay we a visit . shut down a few of we venue and he intend to shut down a few more unless Mr Story put in a appearance . johnny story why be you talk to a pipe Roman ? you be madder than I be . mickey come back johnny , come back home . johnny story but home be where you head be and I do not feel at home in my head . ( beat ) come back johnny ! johnny smile and pull out a gun from under he arse . he point it at Roman , wait until he know they feel it and pull the trigger . it 's a lighter . he relight he splif , hot hash drop on he chest , he ignore it . johnny story ( cont 'd ) I bet we lenny give you the " I be he old man " speech do not he ? ( impersonate lenny ) I have see jelly fish with closer DNA than that slag . now johnny will come quietly , but you might have a couple of problem with the pipe . ( he sigh ) come on boy , buy we both a cup of tea . no need for any noise , let Pete sleep on . 120 int . one two's house 120 one two have still get the headphone on , he eye shut and he 's tapping he knee . all of a sudden the music stop come out of the headset and be now fill the room , someone else be here . 121 int . URI be office - flashback 121 we CUT back to a earlier scene that we be not a part of until now . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 83a . 121 continued : 121 Victor be talk to a man , we can not see who it be . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 84 . 121 continued : ( 2 ) 121 victor uri be a man bear with nothing , carve he way up the hard way , he 's smart , young and only one thing will stop he from reach he goal , ... woman . and this woman have become a problem . ( pause ) my job be to protect uri and in this department he need protect , I do not like she or trust she and I want you to follow that snake . we reveal it 's chechnyan 1 we war criminal who be look batter from the beat the day before . chechnyan 1 leave it with I Victor . 122 ext . restaurant - flash back 122 we go back to the scene at the restaurant from a different perspective . the two chechnyan be see one two and handsome Bob walk out of the restaurant , they two look at one another , they brow steel . 123 int . one two's house 123 CUT back to present with the music be cut off from one two 's head phone . he open he eye , on he throat lie a very long and sharp knife . the two chechnyan have enter the room and pull the wire out of the machine . chechnyan 1 be sit on a chair next to one two , he 's the one with the blade . he smile , one two do not . 124 ext . one two's house 124 archy approach the door with Danny behind , he push it , it open . concerned , he pull out a shooter , so do Danny , they go in . 125 int . one two's house 125 the music be very loud , it 's Russian . archy and Danny make they way to it 's source , up the stair , to the bedroom door . the base thump out . archy try the handle , it turn , he push the door open slowly . the music become clear as we reveal a horrible scene . archy be shocked , but a little amused . tied to the bed , back to front with a pillow over he head be one two . a large blade be rest on he back , a bottle of vodka be open on the side , one two cry and wriggle uselessly . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 84a . 125 continued : 125 on the floor face the other direction be we pretty much naked chechnyan do a traditional chechnyan dance , which involve lot of extend leg action . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 85 . 125 continued : ( 2 ) 125 he be wear military speedo and fuck all else apart from he military hat . he be " have much fun . " his massive frame be still black and blue from the beat one two previously inflicted . the other chechnyan ( similarly dress ) , be digging into he bag of tool , extract all sort of horrible look thing . archy look on amaze by the show , he have a quick look at Danny who be also bemuse . he hit the " off " button , the chechnyan spin , look distress . silence ensue . archy be this a bad time one two ? one two ( unable to say anything ) emmm , emmmmmmmmmmmm . archy shall we come back later ? one two ( still unable to say anything ) emmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm . the chechnyan make a quick move , they last ever . we hear four shot ring out quickly . 126 ext . one two's house 126 handsome Bob and mumble pull up and get out . handsome Bob put the paper work in he top pocket and bang on the front door . 127 int . one two's house 127 one two be be wrap up in a carpet on the floor . he 's still emmmmmmmming and wriggle . we hear handsome Bob and mumble at the front . mumble ( v.o. ) one two , it 's we . archy pay no attention to the door yet , he be on the phone to lenny . lenny cole ( v.o. ) bring them to the warehouse and do not hurt them until I have speak to them , all right ? archy all right lenny , I get a call wait here , I will see ya at the show . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 85a . 127 continued : 127 archy press he phone to take the other call . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 86 . 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 archy ( cont 'd ) hello ? 128 int . crack house 128 Roman and mickey be still here with johnny . Roman speak . roman archy ? 129 ext . eton posh school - we flashback ten year 129 archy lean against a rollsroyce with another heavy . Young johnny walk up , he 's wear tale and a bow tie , he 's with two of he toffy school friend . johnny story hello archy . archy johnny , you do look the part . johnny story show we you gun uncle arch , I tell the boy all about it . archy shut up and get in the car . archy throw johnny a packet of rolos and turn to get in the car . as he turn , johnny lift up the back of he sport jacket and steal he gun . the two friend be in shock , needless to say so be archy . johnny hold it on he two friend . johnny story give we you money boy . archy grab the gun and hit johnny on the back of the head , not too hard . archy you little swine , ... now get in the car . archy put the gun away and look at the two shocked school friend . he gently slap they on the cheek in a intimidating way and give they a tener . archy ( cont 'd ) be good boy , you never know who 's watch . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 86a . 130 ext . warehouse - back to present 130 bandy , who be push lenny stop at the bottom of the stair . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 87 . 130 continued : 130 bandy you wanna take the stair or the elevator Mr Cole ? lenny 's in a wheelchair , he look at bandy . lenny cole come here bandy . bandy come near , lenny take a sniff . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) you be drink again ? bandy no , .... Mr Cole . lenny slap he . lenny cole think before you drink and before you drive I mad bandy . bandy go back to he position of push the boss towards the elevator . 131 ext . warehouse 131 johnny , Roman and mickey walk toward the entrance . johnny story do not worry boy , nothing to be nervous about , some of my dad 's best friend end up here . archy arrive with a couple of old carpet , one two , mumble and handsome Bob be wrap inside . johnny story ( cont 'd ) hello arch , wrap up in a carpet just like the old day ? ( beat ) what be it today ? the rack ? the garotte ? or be it the old cray fish trap ? archy still full of hot air johnny . they walk inside the warehouse door , Danny follow with the carpet . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 87a . 132 int . warehouse 132 they all make they way to the elevator . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 88. 132 continued : 132 johnny story you be look a bit down , have that old clown be work you long hour ? ( beat ) you always be loyal - no dog like a loyal dog . archy watch you mouth John . johnny story ( feign fear ) do not hit I archy , I be a singer not a fighter . ( back to normal ) I have just the remedy for you , a story , a johnny Story and it 's all about you . archy press a button to call the elevator . they wait . archy I do not want to hear it . johnny story sorry , that 's right get into character . ( beat ) look at he boy , scary be not he ? Roman and mickey do not like any of this . johnny story ( cont 'd ) that 's what four year inside do to a man , eat he soul and when it 's all go it make a man quite scary . ever wonder how you get there ? ever wonder what grass inform on you ? the elevator arrive and they all pile in , include the rug with one two , mumble and handsome Bob . 133 int . warehouse elevator - cont . 133 a noise come from one of the carpet . johnny story so who we get in there ? anyone I know ? anyone famous ? that 's right it 's only a job , be not it ? just be loyal , just follow order . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 88a . 133 continued : 133 johnny story ( cont 'd ) ( johnny salute ) I bet you can operate a nice gas shower , .. I can see you with a couple of S 's on you collar and a stiff goose in you step . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 89 . 133 continued : ( 2 ) 133 archy turn and slap he the famous " archy slap " it 's nasty , archy 's get wound up . archy shut it , otherwise you will get hurt . his face have be slap into the direction of Roman and mickey . johnny keep he head still , ... johnny story that , Roman and mickey , be the famous archy slap . I have be magically transport straight back to my childhood . he speak next in a little boy voice , he 's take the piss . johnny story ( cont 'd ) do not turn archy in , he 's you friend , he 's loyal , just like the dog . he change to impersonate lenny , its deep and over the top . johnny story ( cont 'd ) shut up boy , do not stick you nose where it do not belong otherwise I will chop it off . ( little boy voice ) but you can not do it to uncle arch , I love he . ( deep ) need a little lesson though do not he ? Left he station have not he ? a little time inside to remember who the boss be . archy straighten he tie to remain calm , but can not take it any longer . he pick johnny up and slam he against the wall . archy ( shouting ) shut it , you hear I or I will do ya myself , you poisonous little fucker ! johnny story ( feign fear ) do not hurt I arch , I be only little . 134 ext . elevator - corridor of warehouse 134 the elevator door open and we see skinny johnny stick up in the air hold by archy . Danny look on a bit disturb . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 90 . 134 continued : 134 danny put he down arch , he 's only little . archy drop he , he wire cross . he need a little time to think . johnny be off out of the elevator walk away happy as a clam . back to archy in the elevator . danny ( cont 'd ) you all right ? you look a little green . archy ( back to business ) Fine , roll out the carpet . 135 int . warehouse 135 johnny come bowl in like a ' rocknrolla ' come on to stage . he spot lenny . johnny story sidney ! Nice wheel . archy come in with Danny and the carpet , handsome Bob hear this , be lenny Cole the sidney Shaw ? johnny story ( cont 'd ) sorry about the painting , need the cash for a little bit of the old " dusty show bizzzzzzzz . " ( beat ) so , it 's go now , lose in the world of degenerate and stone no hoper , never to be see again by the eye of a clean soul . there be a pause while lenny consider just shoot he . he change he tone , he get serious and slow . lenny cole tell I , what be you boy if you be not poison ? look what you have leave behind you . you dad could not even bear the sight ya , no wonder he fuck off and leave I to pick up the piece , but that be not enough for you be it ? no , have to drive you mum into a bottle of pill and house full of nutter . all she get then be a hot bath a ice cold razor , why ? ( beat ) cos you poison johnny , that 's why . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 91 . 135 continued : 135 johnny story what can I say , ... ( pause ) I be a junkie , crack head , no gooder , should never have waste you money on that school . lenny cole archy get he out of here . archy I have have enough of he , I do not trust myself . ( beat ) use someone else . johnny grab the back of lenny 's chair and push he around like he 's a two year old , lenny feel a right twit . one two , handsome Bob , and mumble observe . johnny story it 's a gather , I love a gather look , mumble , one two , handsome Bob all the old face today . ( beat ) it 's all go so well apart from archy who 's ruin the day . I try to cheer he up with that story about how you grass he u , ... bang ! lenny shoot johnny in the hip with a gun he have keep hide . everybody be shocked , Danny jump back in horror that be pretty close . roman whooooa , ... archy all right calm down , give I that , I will take care of he . Danny move in to take the gun from lenny . johnny speak in pain , but still chipper . johnny story that be not one of you better shot be it now daddy . if you want to shut I up it should have be a bit higher . lenny look up to Danny . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 91a . 135 continued : ( 2 ) 135 lenny cole ( quietly ) Danny come here , I want he take care of , you hear ? now get he out . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 92 . 135 continued : ( 3 ) 135 Danny take Roman , mickey and johnny out towards the elevator . lenny cole ( cont 'd ) you do not know how much trouble you have cause I so please understand that I will kill you very slowly if you do not tell I where my money be . handsome bob the address be in my top pocket . here , archy , ... you know I would not mess you around . lenny be out of reach of they , archy can tell handsome Bob be imply something . handsome bob ( cont 'd ) take it arch . archy lean forward to take it , lenny interrupt wheeling himself over . lenny cole let I have a look first . he take the letter out of handsome Bob 's top pocket and open they up . he squint , the print be too small he can not read what it say . archy here you can not read it without you glass , let I have a look . lenny look uncomfortable , archy almost snatch the letter and flick through the page . he read to himself , could it be true ? could lenny be the informer send everyone around he down ? lenny cole what do it say ? hurry , ... 136 int . elevator 136 mickey and Roman be hold johnny up , he 's bleed all over the place . Danny be face front while another man be keep a eye on they . we see , but the other 's do not , Danny be slowly screwing on a silencer . johnny story do not worry just yet fella , nothing 's go to happen while we be stand in the elevator because they do not ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 92a . 136 continued : 136 johnny story ( cont 'd ) want to have to drag the three corpse across to the car that would be hard work . ( more ) ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 93. 136 continued : ( 2 ) 136 johnny story ( cont 'd ) in about two minute from now , when we be all drive along happily , ... we flash forward to a imaginary scene - johnny' v.o. be acted out . 137 int . car - flash forward 137 johnny story ( v.o. ) Danny boy be go to turn around and " pop I " two in the head and one in throat just to make sure . ( beat ) and then , since Danny be obviously go to kill you two as well , ... we see the imaginary shot from Danny 's gun go off on mickey and Roman . 138 int . warehouse 138 we cut back to the scene upstairs . archy you wanna know what this say Len ? ( beat ) funny thing with the law , it can be quite flexible . every time a informer find himself in front of a judge , ... 139 int . court room 139 we see archy 's story act out in the full court room , Law and order style . the judge and lawyer act out archy 's word . judge a secret letter stand witness as to the cooperation and efficiency of that informer . lawyer a accurate record of he treachery will be bring in to protect the informer , ... 140 int . warehouse 140 back to we present scene . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 93a . 140 continued : 140 archy if the informer have provide adequate information , that dog of dog will be magically release , ... rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 94 . 141 int . court room 141 back to we act out scene . judge a sort of , " get out of jail free " card , but this come along with the trail of a good alibi . 142 int . warehouse 142 archy turn the page of the letter . we see different judge give different sentence to different face , some of this face we know , one of they be Fred the head , handsome Bob and one of they be archy . 143 int . court room 143 still be act out , in Law and order style . lawyer the only evidence that will ever remain of this deal be that form of a very exclusive and hard to come by legal document call a " secret debt " ... 144 int . warehouse 144 back to we present scene . archy as in deputation , ... ( beat ) the like of which I hold for the very first time in my hand . ( beat ) of course they use a false name and I have see that name many time in the last twenty year , always do wonder who sidney Shaw be , ... 145 int . lennys office - flashback 145 flashback twenty year ago , archy pick up papers on lenny 's desk and turn to he . archy who 's this sidney Shaw Len ? lenny cole ( bother ) give we that here . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 94a . 146 int . warehouse 146 lenny have go white . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 95 . 146 continued : 146 lenny cole no , I be be set up . archy you be a dirty bastard sidney , a very dirty bastard . archy grab the belt that 's use to tie up drown victim , he throw it round lenny 's chair and stuff a bit of cloth into lenny 's wide open mouth . archy ( cont 'd ) ( to one two , handsome Bob and mumble ) you three , cut yourself free and get out of here , ... archy throw a knife across to mumble who just catch it and start to cut he way out of the rope . archy get back on with the job at hand . he read through the name lenny have grass on over the year . archy ( cont 'd ) Michael finny , ten year . frazier nash , fifteen year . cousin ronnie , six year , .. you dirty bastard . ( beat ) Michael dexter , eight year . archy grab the winch that lower victim to they crayfish death and bang it on to the back of the wheel chair . he press the start button and the wheelchair be raise with haste . archy ( cont 'd ) the Jew twin , fourteen year and of course I , archy , four year . one two , mumble , and handsome Bob be free . one two see ya arch , .... the three of they be out like rat up rope , they start to run down the stair . 147 int . elevator 147 we pick up where we leave off with this group . johnny should not have bring I here fella , you be just go to end up as witness . ( continued ) rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 95a . 147 continued : 147 we continue with he description of what be go to happen . rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 96 . 148 int . car - flash forward 148 johnny after they have " deal " with we , they be gonna put all three of we in the trunk of a steal car , ... 149 int . trunk of stolen car - flash forward 149 we see six gallon of petrol in the trunk of the car in we imaginary scene . johnny and pour six gallon of petrol on top , I can let you imagination fill in the rest . 150 int . elevator 150 back to present . johnny but now Danny 's rattle , he will not be able to wait because you now know what 's come , so he 's gonna fire . Danny , who be now in a state because johnny have predict everything he 's go to do , suddenly turn with he gun . mickey catch it , the force of the stop pull the trigger , and the other man head be drill through . Roman join the wrestle match and get the gun and wrist to aim at Danny 's head . the trigger get squeeze and Danny 's head also get a drilling . silence . johnny , who be smother in blood , speak coolly . johnny story mickey , pass I the gun . mickey be out to lunch , but johnny sound commanding . johnny story ( cont 'd ) mickey quickly , pass I that gun in dannys hand . do not worry he can not defend himself he do not have a head , quickly now . do this answer the question that you two so frequently ask as to why I seek refuge in the depth and perverse beauty of the crack pipe ? the elevator door open . rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 96a . 151 ext . elevator 151 there stand bandy , he gun draw . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 97 . 151 continued : 151 bandy get fuck down ! he look on in horror and point the gun at johnny . just as he 's about to fire , .. there be a great smash of bone on timber . bandy fall to reveal one two stand there with a large piece of timber . one two I think we should get out of here now , do not you John ? at which point in the background we see lenny be lower to he demise . he look at the group in horror as he be quickly lower to he death by drown and cray fish . fade out . 152 int . ury car 152 victor I do not like it uri , I do not trust she . I put two of my people on she and they have not come back . very insulted . URI you what ? I do not tell you to do this . if I have want she spy on I would have ask for it , would not I ? victor yes uri , you would have , but I still do not like it . URI I do not care what you like Victor , I be in charge , now wait here . he get out and walk to the door . 153 ext . stella's house 153 she answer the door - she be surprised . URI can I come in ? rocknrolla pink revision - 6-20-07 97a . 154 int . stella's house 154 URI sorry to surprise you , but I have something for you , a token of my appreciation . he hand she a check . ( continued ) rocknrolla white revision - 6-6-07 98 . 154 continued : 154 stella what be this for ? URI please do not be insulted , you have come to mean a lot to I and I value you much more than just you service . ( pause ) this be simply a reflection of my appreciation . ( vulnerable he like she ) I would like to ask you something personal . his phone ring , he frown slightly and answer it . URI ( cont 'd ) not now Victor , I be busy . uri turn . there , casually rest on the floor be he painting , he lucky painting . uri 's expression change , he world have be shattered , he 's think very ugly thought . he turn back to stella , dead pan . URI ( cont 'd ) a very nice painting . how long have you have it ? a little catch off guard . stella year , it 's my lucky painting , ... it 's very special be not it ? URI beauty be a cruel mistress , be it not ? pause , she smile . uri talk back into the phone , the other darker uri be now in charge . URI ( cont 'd ) Victor please , come to join we . the end