for you consideration aot 3 tay 1 ] os ) eee a vata nye ym El ) rocketman written by Lee Hall this material be the property of paramount picture and be intended and restricted solely for paramount picture personnel . distribution or disclosure or this material to unauthorized person be prohibited . the sale , display , copying or reproduction of this material for any reason in any form , including but not limite to digital or new media , be also prohibited . White shoot 1 . int . corridor , hospital - day 1 elton JOHN in a sequine and feathered catsuit storm along , a halo of coloured feather and enormous stain - glass spectacle . he be a man with a purpose but look like shit . int . therapy room , parkland hospital - day 2 elton sit dramatically in the seat and stare confrontationally at the circle of addict . he sweat profusely . elton how long be this go to take ? counselor that 's really up to you . you need to set you own pace ..... everybody stare . elton be clearly uncomfortable . elton right then ! I know how this go . my name be elton John . and I be a alcoholic . and a cocaine addict . and a sex addict . and a bulimic ! I be also a shopaholic who have problem with weed , prescription drug and anger management . the group look at he incredulously . elton blink angrily behind he enormous glass . a awkward silence . counselor perhaps we should talk about you childhood ? elton perhaps we should talk about you hair !? some of the group be shocked and some laugh . the counselor smile . counselor what be you earliest memory ? cue : the frantic open from ' the bitch be back 's . elton get up and walk to the middle of the room and sing . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 2 . elton I be justified when I be five raisin 's cain , I spit in you eye Times be a change now the poor get fat , but the fever 's gonna catch you when the bitch get back , oh , oh , oh . the patient and counselor be dumbfounded as out of nowhere a child ( reggie ) , 6 year old , ride in through the double door on a bike with stabilizer and circle elton . the young Reggie stop and stare at elton and join in the song . elton / reggie I be a bitch , I be a bitch oh , the bitch be back , stone cold sober as a matter of fact , I can bitch , I can bitch cause I be better than you , it 's the way that I move , the thing that I do oh . a shocked elton try to grab Reggie as he dump he bike and run out the door . a sing elton chase after he , the therapy group and counselor follow behind . ext . STREET , pinner - day 3 Young Reggie burst through the door and enter a 1950 's London residential street . Reggie , walk down the middle of the street follow by elton and the rehab group . the milkman , postman and lollipop lady all wave to he . a brass band come march down the street and they all smile and wave . people stream out of the house and join in the group dance . the rehab group , lead by elton , follow and sing along . elton / reggie eat meat on a Friday , that 's all right . even like steak on a Saturday night . I can bitch the best at you social do 's . I get high in the evening sniff pot of glue , oh , oh oh . it become a dance number that Reggie conduct with the rehab group and the people in the street . Reggie turn into the driveway of a drab house , turn back to the rehab group look over the fence . reggie I be a bitch , I be a bitch oh , the bitch be back . Stone cold sober as a matter of fact . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 3. reggie ( cont 'd ) I can bitch , I can bitch cause I be better than you . it 's the way that I move , the thing that I do oh .. elton look troubled . the music stop abruptly . sheila , he mum , come out hold a mechanical sweeper . sheila Reggie ! you be late ! I have throw you dinner in the bin ! get inside . Reggie tuck in he shirt and follow he mum into the house . int . back room , reggie 's house - day 4 a archetypal suburban scene . ivy , grandma , in the kitchen work on a sewing machine . a depressed budgie loll in its cage . Sheila attack a carpet with the mechanical sweeper like she 's try to break it . Reggie follow she around . reggie be he back ? sheila what be I ? thin air ? reggie be you sure he 's actually come home ? sheila I would not get you hope up . he 's very unreliable and very selfish . reggie but will you send he to see I if I be already in bed ? sheila Reggie ! stop be a nuisance ! I need to get this do before I go out . she pick he up and put he on the piano stool . the radio play : the skater 's waltz . as dust hang in the sunlight , Reggie sway to the music and look at the piano keyboard . as it lilt on in the background Reggie try a note - remarkably it be in tune . White shoot 4 . Reggie play the note again and then add two more . again they be exactly in tune . he look around . no one pay attention : Reggie try again and this time play a whole section of melody and end with a low note with he leave hand . bong !! suddenly the world seem to stop . the budgie stare freeze on its perch , boggle eye . ivy come in from the Kitchen . Sheila turn around to see what all the fuss be about . reggie do I do something wrong ? ivy bloody hell , Sheila . maybe we should get he some lesson . sheila I would love too , if it have get he out from under my foot but we be not make of money . int . therapy room , parkland hospital - day 5 elton take off he feathered head - dress . elton mum always support I . she know I be very talented . both my parent do . int . back room , reggie 's house - night 6 Sheila paint she nail and get ready to go out . ivy sit in front of the fire and read a magazine . the doorbell ring . ivy look up , Sheila look piss off . int . landing , reggie' house - night 7 Reggie rush out of he room and listen as Sheila go to the door . i/ E. front door , reggie 's house - night 8 the door open to reveal stanley , Reggie 's dad , dress immaculately in he raf uniform . he give a faint rueful smile to Sheila and ivy. Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 5 . sheila you have manage to drag yourself home then . ivy I see the milkman 's back . hello , stanley . stanley how be you , ivy ? sheila like you care . well , come on then ! you be let in a draught . he wipe he very shiny boot and step inside . stanley you have put on weight . sheila and you look short . how long you back ? stanley I have get couple of week leave . ivy Reggie 's not long go to bed . sheila pop up , say hello . stanley I will see he tomorrow . any dinner leave ? stanley walk off into the kitchen . int . landing , reggie 's house - night 9 in the shadow Reggie be sad and disappointed . ext . pinner STREET - day 10 Reggie run down the street as fast as he can in he school uniform . he pass all the other local kid play football . kid oi four eye ! you be in goal . Reggie ignore they and keep run . 11 12 White shoot 6 . int . back room , reggie 's house - day 11 Reggie , enter home and stare in wonder at he father as he take a jazz record out of it 's sleeve , meticulously clean it with a velvet pad , place it carefully on the turn table and it start to play . reggie dad , be it true you play the piano ? I be save to get lesson . stanley if you want to sit in here you will have to stay quiet . I be listen to my music . as stanley listen to the record Reggie watch he for a moment then go and get a record from the shelf and proudly present it to he dad . reggie I like this one , dad , will you play it for I ? he leap up , snatching the record from Reggie . stanley who say you could touch that ? never , ever , touch my collection without ask . stanley carefully put the record back and turn to look at Reggie . Reggie look at he father then go in for a hug . stanley do not respond but look uncomfortable and push he off . stanley ( cont 'd ) do not be soft Reggie run out . int . therapy room , parkland hospital - day 12 elton talk to the counselor but be clearly agitate , angry and confrontational with she . elton he be always hugging I ! it be fuck embarrassing . my dad be passionate about family and music . we would talk for hour about jazz . I be lucky . I be actually a very happy child . 13 14 15 16 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 7. ext . garden , reggie 's house - day 13 Reggie throw a tantrum and smashes plant pot with a cricket bat at the bottom of the garden . reggie it 's not fair . I hate he . I wish I have never be bear . Shelia , all glamm up wander down and watch Reggie . Reggie stop and look at the destruction he 's cause . he look at Shelia . shelia what be you do ? reggie nothing . Shelia light a cigarette and puff thoughtfully . int . back room , reggie 's house - day 14 Reggie seat at the piano . his leg dangle over the edge of the stool . a piano teacher be there and Shelia watch for a moment . she take some slimming pill from she handbag , pop a couple and then go . Reggie learn he scale . int . corridor , reggie 's house . night . 15 a slightly drunk Sheila , walk past Reggie 's room . she see a light on and stop . she open the door and see Reggie read music . Reggie look up , startle . sheila what be you still do up ? reggie learn . I want to play a song for dad . sheila you dad 's go back to he unit . go to sleep . Sheila turn off the light . int . reggie' bedroom , reggie 's house - night 16 the door close . Reggie sit in the darkness . after a moment a torch come on and Reggie slowly mime play the piano . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 8 . as he become more animated the sound of tchaikovsky piano concerto no.1 accompany he . he stand and point with he torch like a conductor to bring in a string section . the shaft of the light wave over the room and we catch glimpsis of the orchestra . we hear string , brass and woodwind join - as Reggie , conduct . the whole orchestra play . suddenly the door open and the light go on . Reggie freeze and look up , terrify . it 's ivy . she have 2 cake . ivy take no notice . this will make you feel better . she kiss he and go out . Reggie take a bite of the cake then raise he hand to start the orchestra again , as we cut to : int . back room , reggie 's house - day 17 Reggie play the concerto effortlessly for real . as we pull out we see Reggie be now 12 year old . he finish the piece with a flourish . the piano teacher smile . int . kitchen , reggie 's house - evening 18 ivy iron Sheila 's dress . Sheila , she hair in curler and in she underwear , read vogue . Reggie be by the back door . sheila the Royal Academy of Music !? ( beat ) pass I that scissors . Reggie bring she the scissors . Sheila cut out a pattern for a skirt . sheila ( cont 'd ) what d'ya think ? she show he the picture . reggie the red 's nicer . sheila be it ? reggie it 's only on Saturday 's . White shoot 9 . sheila Saturday ! I have thing to do on the weekend . I can not just drop everything . you can go on you own . ivy smile at Reggie . ivy I will take you . make sure you be settle in . sheila thanks , mum . the immaculately dress stanley enter and take in Sheila . there be tension and mistrust in the air . stanley where be you off too ? sheila do not know . I have not decide yet but wherever it be I be go to have fun . something you old raf type do not do . ivy reg 's piano teacher think he 's good enough to get a scholarship . stanley really ? have he get that kind of talent ? sheila course he have . but you have know that if you take the slight bit of interest in I and this family . Sheila go . 19 I /e. royal academy of music , foyer - day 19 ivy stand next to a nervous Reggie , dwarf by the dusty surroundings . a bearded student push past they with a double bass in a case . the place swarm with duffle coat student . Reggie look around , awed and bewilder as they walk up a grand staircase . reggie can we go home ? 20 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 10 . ivy Home ? there 's no go home ! this be it now . this be you life . you have to get over this silly shyness . reggie but mum say we can not ... ivy life give you very few chance , Reggie . this be one of yours . show they you be as good as they be . better ! be number one . everyone 's scared in the beginning . play at be confident . you can do that can not you ? reggie yes . easy . ivy good . so go on then . ivy give he some change . ivy ( cont 'd ) there 's enough for a bag of chip and you bus fare home . int . concert hall , royal academy - day 20 Reggie wander into the room transfix by the music . helen piena play a piece by mozart unaware that he be there . she see he and stop . helen piena reginald dwight ? reggie yes . helen piena do you bring something to play ? reggie I do not know I have to . helen piena be there anything you could show I so I can get a sense of where you be up to ? + * 21 White shoot 11. he sit down , prepare , then play the open chord . one note be out . he blushes . he play it again , this time correctly , then play the mozart piece note perfect , then stop mid-phase exactly where she leave off . helen piena ( cont 'd ) why have you stop ? reggie that 's as far as you get . helen look impressed that Reggie have play it by ear . he beam a cheeky smile , but helen do not smile back . helen piena you might have a good memory but you have a awful lot of work to do . keep you wrist and back straight and start again . his smile drop , he realise this be go to be hard work . helen smile , she know she have a real talent on she hand . int . back room , reggie 's house - day 21 stanley , Sheila , ivy and Reggie all sit at the table in formal silence . a roast chicken on the table . Sheila , bored and distract want be else where . Reggie start to tap out he piano scale and crunch on a stick of celery . stanley hand off the table , reginald . and stop make all that noise . Sheila scoff and look at Reggie like ' I tell you 's . a unsure Reggie slowly withdraw he hand . stanley proceed to carve . reggie do you know mozart write he first piece of music at the age of 5 ? Reggie be serve last with a very small amount . they eat in silence . Sheila push she food around the plate . Reggie know that he family do not work . ivy sneak Reggie a piece of chicken and wink at he . the intro music start : ' I want love '. stanley get up from the table and light he pipe and look out of the window . 22 White shoot 12. reggie ( cont 'd ) I want love , but it 's impossible . a man like he , so irresponsible . a man like he be dead in place . stanley other man feel liberated . I can not love , shot full of hole . do not feel nothing , I just feel cold . do not feel nothing .. sheila «-- just old scar . toughen up around my heart . I want love on my own term . after everything I have learn . ivy I , I carry too much baggage . oh god I have see so much traffic . but I want love ... sheila .-- just a different kind . reggie I want love .. stanley .- will not break I down . sheila wo not brick I up , will not fence I in . reggie I want a love , that will mean something . all that 's the love I want , I want love . int . fred' car , STREET pinner - day 22 Sheila fumble in a car with fred who wear a drape jacket and have a d.a. hair style . he try to get she button suddenly he stop , shocked . Sheila look round and see Reggie by the car window look at they . reggie mum ! ? 23 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 13 . she wind the window down . sheila Reggie , what be you do here ? * snoop around ? * Fred break the embarrassment and present he hand to the stunne Reggie . fred please to meet you , son . I have hear a lot about you . Reggie stare at he . fred ( cont 'd ) my name 's Fred . I be a friend of you mum 's . Reggie look at Sheila with tear in he eye then turn and run . sheila Reggie ! int . reggie' bedroom , reggie 's house - night 23 Reggie sit on he bed . stanley shout at Sheila . he be furious and loud . stanley ( 0.s ) too bloody right I 'il go ! good ! I be sick of the sight of you . I puta roof over you head . you have want for nothing . and this builder be what you want now , be he ? get money have he ? you love a pound note . you would drop you knicker for a quid . you self center , vain , tramp . + eh HH sheila shut up you pig ! get out , just go . Reggie close he eye and put he hand over he ear to drow out the shouting . he start sing . ' La , la , la , la , la , la ...’ as in the start of crocodile rock . 's heavy footstep can be hear on the stair and along the hallway . Reggie 's door be ajar . he watch the shadow of he dad outside he room on the wall . Reggie hope he dad will come in . stanley turn , hesitates . he 's in two mind . then he decide against it and go down the stair . 24 White shoot 14 . the front door slam . Close on Reggie 's heartbreak and confusion . he go to he bedroom window and watch he dad walk off down the street with he suitcase . he do not look back . Reggie sit on he bed and start to cry . ivy come in and sit in a chair by the window . reggie he do not give I a hug goodbye ? ivy he 's no good at show affection . reggie I wish I be somebody else . it 's dark and she light a cigarette . ivy I hear a song on the radio today I think you have like . quietly tap she nail on the chair and she start to gently sing ' heartbreak HOTEL '. ivy ( cont 'd ) since my baby leave I . I have have a new place to dwell . it 's down on the end of a lonely street . heartbreak Hotel . my baby 's so lonely my baby 's lonely I could die . Reggie listen . slowly he stop cry . reggie who sing it ? she sing on . int . therapy room , parkland hospital - day 24 elton have now remove more of he costume and sit in he vest with just the bottom half of he feather suit on . the rest lie in a crumpled heap on the floor . he look deflate and the anger be go . his head and voice be low and he cry . his hand shake . elton how the fuck do you think I feel !? I be a kid . heartbroken . people do not care though , do they ? ( more ) Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 15 . elton ( cont 'd ) anyway , I would discover record and rock and 'roll . that be all I care about . track into elton : U.S tv presenter ( v.o . ) * and now lady and gentleman a rise star of rock and Roll , all the way from Memphis Tennessee , please welcome elvis presley . int . back room , reggie 's house - day 25 we cut into a t.v. elvis 's first appearance on a american t.v. show. Reggie and ivy sit on the sofa mesmerize by elvis * as he sing ' Blue suede shoe 's . Reggie 's eye be light up with excitement . * * Reggie take out a exercise book . it be a diary with several column of list . there be a list of '' tune learnt '' and now another one '' record to purchase '' - he write carefully in the ' elvis presley 's column - ' Blue suede shoe 's . * Fred and Sheila come in from shopping . Sheila turn down the t.v. sheila I get you this while I be out . I know you like he . Sheila pull out elvis album from a bag . Reggie can not believe it . sheila ( cont 'd ) he 's quite a dish . she hold up the cover of the record and they all gaze at the fantastic picture of elvis in all he glory . ivy ooo . I would . sheila mum ! reggie thank you , mum . it 's fantastic . Reggie slowly take the record . transfix . it be obvious that it be in very safe hand with Reggie . 26 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 16 . sheila be careful with it . fred so - be you serious about want to be a rock ’n’roller ? reggie yeah . course . fred okay , we should get you the proper hair cut then . reggie can I get it cut like elvis ? fred course you can . sheila enjoy it while it last . you be like my side of the family . you will be bald as a egg by the time you be twenty . Reggie look shocked and dismay . ivy shake she head . Sheila exit with the shopping . ivy and a jacket . fred eh ? ivy he 'il need a proper jacket . ivy hold up the record with elvis on the front . fred right . reggie and shoe . int . royal academy of music - day 26 Reggie be at orchestra rehearsals now dress in he new shoe , jacket and hair cut . the rest of the kid be all dress a lot more square . a happy Reggie stick out like a sore thumb . a concerned helen piena look at he . 27 28 White shoot 17. ext . pub - night 27 a home - make sign in the window say : '' tonight : all meat raffle plus reginald dwight on piano '' int . pub - night 28 a run down hotel bar . a seedy barman talk into the mic to a half empty pub . Sheila , Fred and ivy be all there with a drink . a old upright piano be on the small stage . a man hold up a bag of meat above he head to a small cheer . barman congratulation to Dave , he win four pork chop , half a pound of prime mince and a string of sausage . right , now Sheila and Fred 's boy be go to play we a couple of song on the piano so give he a warm welcome cos he 's only 12 and get 's a bit shy . Reggie dwight . Reggie wear he quiff on full attention . he 's decidedly nervous as he walk onto the little stage and sit at the piano . ivy signal she encouragement . there be a instant feedback through the mic . this get everybody 's attention . reggie hello . Reggie start to play ' street of laredo 's . no one be impressed . a bloke put a pint down on top of the piano and continue to talk loudly to he friend . Reggie be intimidate and stop . he look at ivy who wink at he and mouth . ivy play that one I like . reggie Excuse I . you can not put that on there . man why not ? reggie it all get knock off . Reggie hit the first chord of ' saturday night's alright ( for fighting ) 's . 29 White shoot 18. reggie ( cont 'd ) '' it 's get late have you see my mate ... '' as somebody turn to watch Reggie they knock over a woman 's beer and it spill down the front of a big bloke . he turn and push the wrong person which start a small shove match , and a fight break out . someone bump into Fred and he turn round and whacks they then turn back to Sheila and put he arm around she as if nothing have happen . Reggie watch as he play and get excited by the atmosphere . as the fight build so do he play and energy . he grow into a solid and exciting performer and he sing start to push the energy of the fight . people fly across the room , glass be smashed , chair be throw . Reggie sing on . reggie ( cont 'd ) '' ma tell I when the boy get back here . it 's seven o'clock and I want to rock . wanna get a belly full of beer '' Reggie duck as a chair fly over the piano . Sheila , Fred and ivy be in the middle of the chaos with they gin and tonic and still smile encouragingly at Reggie . reggie ( cont 'd ) '' my old man 's drunker than a barrel full of monkey 's . and my old lady she do not care . my sister look cute in she brace and she boot . a handful of grease in she hair '' two man , now on top of the piano , fight and ivy hit they with she handbag . Reggie have to dive this way and that to avoid be hit but play without miss a beat . reggie ( cont 'd ) '' so do not give we none of you aggravation . we have have it with yer discipline . Saturday night 's alright for fight . get a little action in '' . suddenly someone have a chair and be about to crash it down onto the piano when Reggie leap out of the window . ext . pub / back alley - night 29 Reggie emerge from the pub in the middle of a ally which he run down . he come out in the street and jump over the top of car - he boot someone who try to attack he , whilst , of course , sing in perfect time . 30 31 White shoot 19 . reggie '' get about as oile as a diesel train . gonna set this dance alight . Cause Saturday night 's alright for fightin’ . Saturday night 's alright , alright , alright '' . Reggie escape by climb through a hole in a wooden fence . reggie be now seventeen year old . ext . fun fair - night 30 Reggie come out into a huge fun fair with big bright light and fast move action . the bumper car be close by and different gang hang out here . teddy boy , rocker , mod , beatnik , jamaican , Indians , mum and dad with they kid . all walk of british 60 's life . Reggie run and duck through the leg of the bigger kid as they come together and carry on the fight and dance . the bumper car be pack with people and Reggie laugh as he hang on to one of the car . reggie '' we be pack pretty tight in here tonight . I be look for a dolly who will see I right . I may use a little muscle to get what I need . I sink a little drink and shout she 's with I .. '' Reggie jump off and run and duck through another hole in the fence . ext . pub / back alley - night 31 Reggie run along the street and a gang of mod on scooter come towards he . he turn and go the other way as the mod sing : mod '' a couple of sound that we really like . be the sound of a switchblade and a motorbike . we be a juvenile product of the work class . who 's best friend float in the bottom of a glass '' . Reggie fly out of the alley . reggie '' so do not give we none of you aggravation . we have have it with yer discipline '' . 32 33 White shoot 20 . Reggie see the brightly light pub and dive back in through the window . int . pub - night 32 Reggie dive across the bar and land on the piano stool and play on . he have a band back he call ' bluesology 's all dress identically . slim fitte , dark clothes and hush puppy . the pub be half full . Sheila , Fred and ivy be there and politely clap . reggie '' Saturday night 's alright for fightin’ . get a little action in . Saturday ! Saturday ! Saturday ! Saturday ! Saturday ! Saturday night 's alright . '' the number finish with a flourish . everyone cheer . Reggie beam back at they . int . pub - night 33 Reggie and the band bobby , cyril and elton dean pack up . a tall thin man lean against a wall and smoke . dave godin . godin good show tonight boy . you look like you know how to enjoy yourselves . how would you like to make two quid a week ? each ! elton Dean whistle . elton dean go on . godin Dave godin , promoter of the soul music review . I have get 3 new american act do a tour of England and they all need back up . bobby we be not a back band ! reggie what 's soul music ? godin Music for people who feel it in they heart . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 21 . godin ( cont 'd ) what I be look for be a band that have get music run through they soul . it 's about pain and love and heartbreak . bobby you what ? godin forget all this rock n Roll stuff . Wilson and the twilights . the bluebell . the sound of the future . you future . elton dean why do not they have they own band ? godin enough talk ! you be obviously tough negotiator . Three pound a week plus room and board . beat. godin hand Reggie he card and smile enigmatically . godin ( cont 'd ) think about it . i’1l need to know * by tomorrow lunch time . it 's six * month . so if you be up for it * swing by the office , pick up the record . you ’1ll have a week to * learn twenty song . Reggie take the card but a worry think come over Reggie . int . hallway , royal academy - day 34 Reggie walk along and look unsure of himself . other student come and go and some say hello . he nod back but be distract . he stop outside a door , pace for a bit then enter . int . recital hall , royal academy - day 35 Reggie sit next to helen piena at the piano . helen piena why be you so distract , reg ? the ' puccini 's recital be next week . be a accompanist be very * important and you be obviously not * practice . 35a Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 22. reggie I be not go to be able to do the recital . my band be offer six month touring . helen piena you be throw away all you hard work to dedicate you time to play rock and roll in dirty pub ? do you think that 's a good use of you talent ? reggie I do not want to just play dead people 's music . helen piena I beg you pardon ? reggie anyway , if puccini be alive today , he have be play rock ' n 'roll . helen piena you have get a great future here . the Royal philharmonic be a very real possibility for you . helen piena play the intro nessun dorma . reggie I need to do this . I love rock ' n’roll ... helen piena Passion be important , Reggie but think it through . if you give up you place here you will not be able to just walk back in when thing do not work out . can you make any money play this kind of music ? there 's no stability in it . I like rock and 'roll to but I would not gamble my whole future on it . I can not allow it . helen play ' nessun dorma 's as Reggie get up and walk out . she do not look back but know he be go . int . reggie 's bedroom , reggie 's house 35 a Reggie enter with a stack of record and throw they on the bed and sit . 36 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 22a. there be a shelf in the room that have a few record on . Reggie put the new disk on the shelf . he take one and reverentially put it on he record player . intro music start for ' breaking down the wall of heartache 's by the bluebells . the song play over . ext . pub / back alley - evening 36 Reggie carry he electric keyboard , the rest of the band load equipment into a van . godin smoke and the boy be excited as they get in the van . * 37 38 39 40 4l 42 43 White shoot 23. int . northern club - night 37 montage - as ' breaking down the wall of heartache 's carry on : wilson out front sing like a pro . Reggie play some great organ and look at Wilson do he thing and the crowd lap it up . he 's a master at work . Reggie watch he every move , loving it and learn . Wilson be replace by another great , diana and the bluebells all in beautiful tight fitting gold dress . again Reggie watch in awe from behind the keyboard . int . transit van - night 38 Reggie and the rest of the band be cramme in at the back . they be happy and the energy be high . the laugh and smoke . int . hall - night 39 Reggie on stage with the band . the twilight sing and dance . Reggie be at the back but he and the band all enjoy play . one of the singer , richard smile and wink at Reggie and he smile back . int . another dive - night 40 in the corridor lead to the stage , Reggie pass Wilson 's dress room and see through the door . Wilson be be injected with heroin in he arm by he girlfriend . Wilson see Reggie , smile and nod at he . int . stage - night Al on stage Reggie play while he watch Wilson sing . he work hard and sweat run down he face and back . his shirt be soak through . int . backstage , dressing room - night 42 Reggie pack away he organ as the other guy be surround by dolly bird . Richard take off he shirt and Reggie stare at he . Richard catch he look and hold Reggie 's eye . int . transit van - day 43 Reggie and the guy be all dress differently and now have more shinny suit on . 44 45 46 47 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 24 . they smoke and drink and be grow up fast . Bobby hand out some pill which they all take . int . another club - night 44 they be all in different costume . the bluebell sing . int . club side of stage - night 45 Reggie wait to go on . Richard come up to he and they watch the bluebell perform for a bit . as the girl finish Richard turn to Reggie and suddenly kiss he on the lip on quite a sensual way . richard have a good show . Reggie be in shock by the thrill he have just experience . reggie thank you . Richard laugh and walk out on stage . int . reggie' bedroom , reggie 's house - night 46 Reggie put some record on the shelf which be much fuller . he flop down on he bed and stare at the ceiling . int . club - night 47 Reggie and Wilson sit next to each other nursing drink . the other american act , godin and the rest of bluesology drink and laugh with girl they have pick up . wilson what 's up , Reggie ? Reggie watch they and brood . reggie how do a fat boy with glass from pinner , call Reggie dwight get to be a soul man ? wilson write some song . reggie easier say than do . 48 49 50 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 25 . wilson of course it be . every song I write be part of I . what 's in you heart when you play ? reggie dunno - everything . it 's where I feel I be not alone . wilson there you go . Real poetic , kid . set that to music . Wilson consider Reggie for a moment . wilson ( cont 'd ) I be a skinny , black , kid from Detroit who 's real name be rodney Jones . I play roadside joint for ten year before I realise what I have to do . reggie what ? Change you name ? wilson not just you name . you have to kill the person you be bear to be in order become the person you want to be . int . club - night 48 Wilson be do he show . Reggie be once again at the back but watch closely . the back singer spin round and as they do Richard make eye contact . ext . motorway - night 49 the transit van drive down the motorway . int . transit van - night 50 as they bump along the motorway a deject Reggie look at the band and the cramped condition . cyril smoke and look untrouble as he piss into a milk bottle and Bobby drink a beer . Reggie pick up the noe and look at the back page . he spot something then rip out a ad . cyril 's piss over flow and run down the middle of the van get on Reggie 's brothel creeper . yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 26 . reggie aw fuck hell , cyril . cyril laugh . Reggie brood and reread the ad in he hand . reggie ( cont 'd ) oi , elton . elton Dean look up . elton dean yeah ? reggie I be go to change my name . I be think of call myself elton Dean . elton dean but that 's my name . reggie I know . what d'ya think ? elton dean I think , fuck off ! the other two laugh at Reggie who go back to he ad . Dick James music publishing : want talent . artistes / composer / singer / musician . call or write to ray william . Denmark St. London . tel. mayfair 7362 50a int . parkland hospital - day 50a elton smile to himself at the memory . elton to be honest , I could not stand be at the back any more . after just six week I be look for my way out . you know what they say , '' Hell be for other people '' . I be not cut out for share the back of a old van with people who do not care about they future . * + eh HH HH 51 52 yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 26a . ext . denmark STREET - day 51 Reggie , dress more flamboyantly than usual , walk down Denmark Street - London 's tin Pan alley - with it 's music publisher and guitar shop . he stop at a doorway . dj Music publish . he check the address from a ad in the noe . int . dj music office , reception - day 52 in reception a Mary quant type receptionist , mary be at the desk . reg try to look very cool and important . mary can I help you ? White shoot 27 . reggie I have come to see Mr. Williams . about the ' talent want 's ad . mary name ? reggie reginald dwight . Mary girl laugh . mary reginald !? reggie yeah ! what ? mary that 's my grandad 's name . Reggie blushes as Mary smirk and pick up the phone . int . ray william 's office - day 53 Reggie stand and look at the picture of the Beatles . gold record etc . Ray Williams a blonde adonis of 21 , have he foot on the desk . reggie I have be gig for year now . ray piano player I have get . ten a penny , mate . reggie I sing too . ray what sort of stuff ? reggie anything , rock , soul , country and western . Reggie sit at the piano and play the open note of ' street of laredo 's . ray Fucking hell ! I be go to shoot the next piano player who sing ' street of laredo 's . White shoot 28 . Reggie 's hand hover over the piano key . reggie I have write song too . I be good at tune but I just have not figure out what to write about yet . Reggie play the open chord to ' candle in the wind 's . ray that 's good . what 's that call ? reggie it have not get a title . I just make it up . ray what do you say you name be ? reggie ..- elton ... ray elton what ? Reggie look at a picture on the wall of the Beatles . reggie John ? * from here on reggie will now be elton * ray alright , elton John the piano player . leave you detail with Mary at reception . elton give I a chance Mr. Williams . i’1l do anything . Ray see a pile of envelope on he desk and grab two or three but then throw one at random to elton . ray tell you what . see if there 's anything interesting in this and set it to music . it sail through the air . everything slow down , music play and a light hit the envelope as it fly majestically to elton 's hand . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 29 . ray ( cont 'd ) now fuck off . int . lancaster grill , london - day 54 elton pour over the pile of handwritten lyric : the year of the teddy bear , the swan Queen of laugh Lake , tartan colour Lady and a dandelion die in the wind . he find the cover letter . he see the name and address : '' bernie taupin , matkin farm , owmby -by -spital , lincolnshire '' . elton look at he watch . he wear a sixty t-shirt , a fur jacket , tight pants and he hair be long . he have a cup of tea and watch expectantly as the straight lace people come and go . a waitress come and put another tea in front of elton . waitress we close soon . * then through the door come a good look young man who cary a copy of noe . from the way he 's dress it 's obvious that he 's a country boy . they look at each other . elton bernie taupin ? bernie yeah . you must be elton ? * bernie smile and elton be instantly smitten . elton yeah . actually , that 's my stage name . a nervous bernie be impressed by this cool londoner . bernie you can tell I you real name when we get to know each other better . elton and bernie sit opposite each other . a beat . * elton bernie ( cont 'd ) I be think ... have you ever be ... * elton ( cont 'd ) * sorry . * bernie * no , after you . * they both smile . * Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 29a . elton I like you lyric . bernie cheer . the tape you send I be great . do you write a lot ? Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 30 . elton I be on tour at the moment so I do not get as much time as I would like .. bernie see that there be a page mix in with the lyric he send and try to take it back . bernie oh , that should not be in there . I send that by mistake . elton pull it back . elton no , that 's really good . I write a tune to this one . it just flow out when I read it . bernie skyline pigeon ? elton yeah , I could hear the whole tune in my head . everything be there and I could see all the note and I have to get it out . my finger could not work fast enough to keep up with my brain ... bernie smile and elton blushes . elton ( cont 'd ) do you ever get that ? bernie not really , no . but I could write some more if you have like and , you know send they to you . elton my real name be reg dwight . bernie cool . sound like a cowboy 's name . all I ever want to do be to be a cowboy . do you like country and western , reg ? have you ever hear ' street of laredo 's by marty robbin ? elton sing . +e + % a * * Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 30a . elton as I walk out on the street of laredo . as I walk out on laredo one day . bernie I spy a poor cowboy wrap in white linen , wrap in white linen as cold as the clay . elton / bernie " I can see by you outfit that you be a cowboy . " this word he do say as I boldly walk by . bernie come a ' sit down beside I a ' hear my sad story . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 31 . elton I be shot in the breast a ' I know I must die . they both smile and the song segways from ' street of laredo 's into ' skyline pigeon 's . elton know he 's meet a soul mate . bernie and elton talk more and more animatedly as the song carry on . elton be clearly blow away by bernie . they talk and drink cup of tea until they be throw out when the cafe close . 55 ext . london street - evening 55 elton and bernie walk through London as the city go to sleep and look at the window display at all the thing they do not have but plan to one day buy . 56 int . london street - night 56 they sit on a bench under a street light and talk . 57 ext . london street - night 57 they walk , talk and laugh more . 57a ext . lancaster grill - dawn 57a elton and bernie part way . they shake hand and elton go in the cafe and bernie walk off . 57b int . bernie' bedroom - day 57b at he desk bernie write on a envelope . it be address to ' reg 's . he pull out some page from he note book , fold they and put they inside . 58 int . reggie 's house - day 58 elton sit at the piano surround by scrap of paper , letter and note . Fred come in with some post and hand he bernie 's letter . he open it and put bernie lyric on the piano and start to compose . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 31a . 59 int . ray william 's office - day 59 dick jame a large 60 year old bald man smoke a cigar and sit at Ray 's desk with he foot up . he look at elton , bernie and Ray . elton at a piano finish sing ' skyline pigeon 's . elton fly away , skyline pigeon fly towards the dream . you have leave so very , so very far behind . White shoot dick be I suppose to be impressed ? ray it 's catchy , Dick . this guy be special . I have get a instinct for this thing . dick alright , do not break you neck suck you own cock . Dick walk round to the front of the desk , sit on stare at they . Dick look at elton then at bernie they up . dick ( cont 'd ) maybe we should put this two into a little beat combo . they write , they sing , blah , blah . he 's the good look one . make he the singer . elton be hurt and embarrassed . bernie hold on , I be tone deaf . we write together but elton sing the song . Dick look at Ray and shake he head . dick no offense but he 's not exactly the look kid be go crazy for . he 's a back room boy . ray they be write a lot of good tune , Dick . dick okay tiger . be you flat mate ? bernie we live with we mum 's . I write the lyric , send they to elton and he add the music . ray whoever hear of song writer not live and work together . Lennon and McCartney be inseparable . 32 . it and and size 60 61 White shoot 33. elton look at bernie who shrug . Dick pick up the music to one of they song and look at it . dick how many song have you get ? elton load . more than thirty !? dick play one . elton play and sing ' Daniel 's dick ( cont 'd ) depress . another one . elton try again with ' Philadelphia freedom 's dick ( cont 'd ) what the fuck 's that about !? ' that 's why they call it the blue 's dick ( cont 'd ) be you take the piss ? elton play ' sad song '. dick ( cont 'd ) alright ! I have hear enough . sound like 99 % of they be shit . it 's the 1 % I be interested in . Ray say you be a investment but he know fuck all . you be both a couple of prick as far as I can tell so quit that back band nonsense , find a place to work together and write I tune that gray haire old tramp will whistle in the street . you never know , one day you might have enough for a album . do that and I nil put you on ten quid a week . ext . notting hill - day 60 a dirty , well use 1960 's farm land Rover with a canvas back drive down a residential street . int . land rover - day 61 bernie drive and elton look worried . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 34 . bernie why be this suddenly a problem ? it 's rent free . elton so be my mum 's . it 's alright for you , it 's I she fancy for some strange reason . bernie she be just be friendly . anyway she 's a good look bird . elton you go out with she then ! she keep stroking my hair . it make I feel uncomfortable . bernie Fucking hell , elton ! not you hair again ! last week you be all up for move in . elton that be before I meet she . bernie we need to be closer to the center of town . soho , not fuck pinner . elton fume in silence . ext . all saint road - day 62 the land Rover have park in front of a very run down terrace house . the street be lively with many people and kid about . reggae music play from a window somewhere . elton and bernie carry box of belonging up to the front door . arabella with two small dog on she lap sit on the step next to clint , a rasta and arthur a very small bloke , smoking a big joint . arabella ah , my wonderful new lodger . they be struggle rock star . arabella kiss elton . bernie ( to arthur ) hi , I be bernie . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 35 . arthur whoever hear of a rock star call , bernie ? elton watch it , mate . Arthur stand up . as he 's on the top step he come eye to eye with elton and they square up to each other . arthur yeah ? you go to do something about it ? elton I will if I have too . clint laugh . clint calm yourself , Arthur . arabella get up and lead elton and bernie inside . * arabella * ( to elton ) I be just tell clint about the time I get arrest in Afghanistan for smoking pot outside of a mosque . they be very understanding at the police station though . you two be go to love this place . I have get a real , indian , Buddhist monk live next door , from Liverpool . int . arabella 's flat hallway , all saint road - day 63 * arabella show they around the flat . the wall be cover * with she shit art work , easel , paint , and a potter wheel clutter the hallway . think everything that be wrong about the 60 's and this place should be full of it . arabella show * they a room with just a single bed and a lot of junk art . arabella * this be you room . some of my 2nd year course work be still in there and clint 's borrow the other mattress but we will get it sort out soon enough . elton I can go on the sofa . 64 Blue Rev. arabella absolutely not . you can bunk in with I . I have a huge bed . elton look angry at bernie who shrug he shoulder . arabella grab elton by the hand and lead they into the live room . arabella ( cont 'd ) it will be like a ashram in India . have you ever be to goa ? we should hitch hike there this summer . elton I think I have be happier on the sofa . arabella nonsense . let 's celebrate . int . kitchen , all saint road - day arabella pop some champagne and pour it into mug . arabella here 's to we . they drink . bernie come on , let 's get some music on . arabella oh god . you can not make loud noise in the flat . livy have sensitive ear . elton look in horror at bernie . elton livy the dog ? we have to be able to play music . that 's why we move in here . arabella oh , do not be a nuisance . come on , time for you to see we room . you can show I you intricate finger work . arabella smile a lascivious smile . she grab elton by he collar and pull he towards the bedroom . ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 36 . 64 65 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 37 . elton but it 's only six o'clock . elton look back in horror as bernie be leave with the champagne . livy lick bernie 's foot . int . a club - night 65 elton and bernie be have a drink after the show . they be deep in conversation . Wilson , Richard , godin and a few of the other Americans be at the next table . they be clearly talk about elton and bernie . they know each other well now and the friendship between they all be warm and good nature . Wilson look over . godin two week to go Reggie , you gonna miss we ? elton smile . elton sure . I will be write to you every five day . and the name 's elton . wilson what 's you plan now , elton ? elton not too sure . we have write a lot of song . enough for a album . bernie he 's probably go to get marry too . all the guy laugh and give each other a know look . wilson what ? elton arabella want to get marry . wilson what about rock and roll ? what about hot chick ? and cocaine orgy ? what about fame and fortune . richard what about the fact you be a fag ? Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 38 . bernie a what ? richard you be little friend be a homosexual . a worried elton look at bernie who be shocked and a bit confuse . elton I have get a girlfriend . Wilson smile and shake he head . wilson when 's that ever stop anybody ? the penny drop for bernie . bernie be you ? elton be scared . caught . elton I do not know . do it matter ? bernie shrug and laugh a little . bernie not to I it do not . relieved elton smile at he friend . bernie ( cont 'd ) but it might do to arabella . elton oh fuck . they both drink . 66 ext . all saint road - early morning 66 elton and bernie be completely '' shitface '' . they stagger to the door try not to laugh too loud . bernie ssssssshhhhhh ! elton ssssssshhhhhhh ! 67 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 39 . elton hold the key but fall over the bin . bernie try to help elton up but elton pull he down . they be laugh till suddenly a wave of clarity come over elton . elton ( cont 'd ) what be I go to do , bernie ? bernie stop laugh and look in elton 's eye . elton hiccup again and break the mood . bernie you be go to tell she . elton it will break she heart . bernie I be not sure she have one . they burst into hysterics again . suddenly the window open . arabella be in she nightdress . both bernie and elton sit up like two schoolboy . arabella will you keep the noise down ! you 'il wake the whole bloody street . elton look in despair at bernie as arabella slam the window shut . ext . roof , all saint road - sunrise 67 elton and bernie be on the roof that over look the city with a bottle of champagne . they little party not over . elton dangle he foot over the edge . bernie be up , drunk and animated . bernie what be you talk about !? there 's so much we have get to do . world to conquer . they be great fuck song ! people keep ask who 's sing the demo . you have get a amazing voice , reg . it 's what I hear when I write . something special happen when you sing we song . bernie sit next to elton . * 68 69 White shoot 40 . elton you have have too much to drink . you hear what Dick think . he say my hand be like midget boxer . bernie fuck what Dick think . it 's time for you to be out front . elton I be not a artist . bernie yes you be . elton look at bernie then put a hand on he knee . in they drunken state there be a moment of tenderness and friendship between they . bernie put he hand on elton 's knee . elton lean in for a kiss . bernie ( cont 'd ) reg , I love you mate , but I be sorry that 's never gonna happen . elton take he hand away . int . bernie 's room , all saint road - morning 68 bernie sit on he bed write . after a moment he stop and sniff the air . int . kitchen , all saint road —- morning 69 bernie 's Pov : elton be lie on the floor with he head in the gas oven , on a pillow , with the gas on . the window be wide open . bernie what be you do ? elton go away . I be try to kill myself . bernie ( of the pillow ) what 's that ? elton I do not want to hurt my head . bernie but the window 's open . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 41 . elton I know , it absolutely stink . bernie turn off the gas . bernie what about we joint publishing deal ? elton it 's alright , I have leave everything to you . bernie pick up a will scribble in biro as livy run in and start lick elton 's face . bernie even the Bob Dylan album ? arabella appear at the door arabella what be you do bernie he 's go to kill himself . arabella oh for godsake , what about the wedding ? elton sit up bump he head . elton it 's all off . I be never go to marry you . I can not . arabella but I have send the invitation to the printer . and I be pregnant with you baby . elton no , you be not . we have never even have sex properly . arabella have not we ? yes we have ! elton we have not get a proper relationship at all . I would not marry you if you be the last person on earth . 70 toa yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 42 . close up on the shocked and horrify arabella . then , like a dam burst she let out a scream of rage . the whole house seem to shake . elton look at bernie . bernie oh shit . ext . notting hill all saint road - day 70 elton and bernie be throw bag in the back of the land Rover as quick as they can . the box of record and suitcase be already load . arabella can be hear scream and shouting from the house . a few neighbor be hang out and watch . elton go to run back in . bernie come on . where you go now ? elton my keyboard be still in there ! suddenly elton 's electric piano come fly out the window and smashes on the road . bernie not anymore . elton she 's kill my piano . int . land rover - day 70 a elton and bernie sit in the car park at the side of the road . bernie be try to sort through the lyric and papers that arabella throw out . they be in the middle of a row . elton you can write anywhere but it be my keyboard that get destroy ! we be not that desperate ! bernie yes , we be ! we do not have a choice . elton we can live in the car until we find something . * * + % +e + % * 71 72 yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 42a . bernie be you mad ? there 's no fuck piano in the car ! how be we suppose to work ? elton I be not do it ! she 's a fuck nightmare . you be always go on about how we need space to create . she will eat up you space ina fuck heart beat with she craziness . we ’1ll get nothing do and go mad in the process . you can go live there but I will be fuck if I be . ext . reggie 's house - evening 71 Sheila open the door to a bedraggle elton and bernie , they stand with they thing . sheila I know you would be back . you 'il have to pay rent . I be not make of money . int . kitchen , reggie 's house - morning 72 bernie , in he dress gown , scribbles amongst the debris of a full English breakfast . Fred read the paper . a listless elton wander in and sit . Sheila put a fresh pot of tea on the table . sheila get dress , Reggie +e + HH HH HH 72a 73 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot elton elton . sheila whatever you be call yourself , I ‘’1l not have you mope around here all day . elton we be song write . fred look like it 's go well . 43 . bernie hand elton a piece of paper which he start to read . elton ( to himself ) there 's egg on this . bernie closely watch elton read the lyric as Sheila go on . sheila I want you out of here look for a proper job . do you have any idea what it take to feed and clothe three grow man who be all of work age . it 's like a doss house around here and I be the only one who do anything . you all just rely on I to take care of everything for you .... bernie I have better go take a shave . elton in a bit of a trance get up and go . int . bathroom , reggie' house - morning 72a * bernie get out he razor and foam and start to shave . he * hear elton at the piano play . it stop he from what he be do and he wander out and down to : int . live room , reggie 's house - morning * 73 bernie come and stand in the door way as elton compose . * elton go slowly but when he get to the chorus he have gain a fluency of expression that just allow ' you song 's to flow . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 43a. elton it 's a little bit funny , this feel inside . ( more ) 74 75 White shoot 44 . elton ( cont 'd ) I be not one of that who can easily hide , I do not have much money but boy , if I do . I have buy a big house where we both could live . by the time he 's start the second verse , bernie be in the doorway , listen . elton now have the tune for the verse and sing it brilliantly - bernie 's lyric be a platonic love song to elton but elton 's emotional sing be directly to bernie . elton ( cont 'd ) if I be a sculptor but then again , no . or a man who make potion in a travel show . oh , I know it 's not much but it 's the best I can do . my gift be my song . and this one 's for you . bernie stand stunne and move . a life change moment when something 's come together . elton ( cont 'd ) and you can tell everybody this be you song . it may be quite simple but now that it 's do . I hope you do not mind / I hope you do not mind . that I put down in word . how wonderful life be while you be in the world . int . recording studio - day 74 elton play ' you song 's . Engineers mesmerize and Ray be in tear as the song finish . elton be that alright ? ray it be beautiful . int . ray william 's office - day 75 elton and bernie sit on a large sofa . Dick James burst in as Ray Williams open a bottle of champagne . dick I love it ! best thing I have hear since ' let it be '. tran -fuck - Atlantic . I always know you could do it . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot elton we record sale be not exactly golden . dick no , they be shit but people do not know what they want until you tell they . trust I . first off , I be put you on a three album deal ! elton Three ! ? dick a year . and I have get you a few night at the troubadour . Doug Weston be a old friend . elton hang on ! the troubadour ? ray it 's a really cool folk club in L.A. bernie we know what it be ! elton let 's not be too hasty . I will need a back band . dick Ray , book some good session boy to play back up . ray will do . dick it 's time to do something bold ! I have invest a ton of money into you boy . bernie well , not really dick the song be winner . at least it could be . grant America 's a gamble and if you fuck it up I 'il kill you . Ray ’1ll go too and keep and eye on you . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 45a . dick ( cont 'd ) get yourself some new clothes , something flashy , put on a great fuck show and do not kill yourself with drug . 76 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 46 . elton look worried but bernie can hardly contain himself . int . miss . direction shop —- day 76 Close on a winge platform boot that pete the big , fat owner of the shop show elton and bernie . pete be this the kind of thing you mean ? elton I love they . I ’1l1 take good care of they . thanks for all this , Tommy . pete that 's alright . you can pay I back when you be rich and famous . bernie take the shoe . beat . bernie can you even play the piano in that ? pete this be extremely stylish boot of my own design . very original . bernie you will look like a tit . elton I need to make a impact , bernie . it 's America . it 's all about be cool . it 's go to be just I and a piano out there . it 's easy for you . this whole thing be a bad idea . bernie elton ! you 'il be okay . elton fuck. pete come with I . this be where I keep all the really cool stuff . this be a whole new world man . 77 78 79 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 47 . Pete lead they to the back of the shop where all the wild , wonderful and whacky thing hang . the rail close in around they . i/e. lincoln continental - day 77 Close up of elton and bernie look out the window bemuse . we pull out to see they be actually in Los Angeles . Ray also look out at the palm tree and the beautiful girl and boy of l.a . ext . troubadour - day 78 elton , bernie and Ray get out of the lincoln in front of a rundown old bar on Santa monica Blvd . int . troubadour - day 79 elton , bernie , Ray and the band look at the club . it be small and dark . a group of young woman and man hang around by the bar . doug weston the owner greet they and show they around . he be larger than life , wear a cowboy hat and have a large bowie knife on he belt . doug Monday night be always crazy here . it 's go to be pack later elton it 's different from what I expect . a lot smaller . doug size be everything my friend . Neil Young be here last week and there be people around the block . fantastic . the best night ever . elton look worried . bernie cool hat . doug I win it in a bet with Dave crosby . take it ! bernie thanks ... Doug stick he hat on bernie 's head . 80 81 White shoot 48. doug if you want anything to drink the girl will take care of you . hey joni! bernie look over to the bar and a girl who look a lot like joni mitchell smile . doug ( cont 'd ) give the guy whatever they want . they just fly in from England ! they arm be really tired . the girl all laugh at Doug 's lame joke . Doug put he arm round elton 's shoulder . doug ( cont 'd ) we be stoke you be here , man . Love the album - just love it . you be go to be great , man . let I show you backstage . int . troubadour dressing room - night 80 elton , Ray and the band all squash into one tiny dress room ready but excited . elton be put on the red jump suit , a sparkly bow tie and he first pair of platform shoe with wing on the heal . band member bloody hell , elton what be you wear ? elton turn round and in the mirror he name be write in sequin on the back of the red jumpsuit . elton my stage gear . bernie rush in . bernie reg! Neil diamond 's at the bar talk to Leon Russell and half the Beach boy . elton oh Jesus shit . int . troubadour bathroom - night 81 bernie stand outside a cubicle door . 82 White shoot 49 . bernie you be over reacting . we hear elton retch . elton they be the geniuse of american music . there be no way I be go in front of that lot . bernie you can not back out now ! they be all wait . elton I do not give a shit . suddenly Ray burst in and bust open the cubicle door drag elton out . ray you have sign a contract and Dick have pay you fuck airfare - get out there and play you little bastard ! int . troubadour - night 82 Close up of elton in the half light at the side of the stage . he sweat , look ill and terrify by the ordeal . the camera push in on he as we hear Doug . doug ( 0.s. ) and now lady and gentleman a rise star of rock and Roll , all the way . from , London , England . please welcome elton John . small applause . we follow elton in slow motion as he go on stage . he look out at the audience they seem a vast blur . he sit at the piano but freeze . a few people at the front look at he but he eye move to people who chat at the bar . he hear the glass clink and the hot girl and boy who chat oblivious to he . he sit at the piano . the room go quiet . we can hear he breathe and he heart pound . suddenly he kick the piano stool off the stage and launch into ' crocodile rock ’... elton I remember when I be young . I and suzie have so much fun . holding hand and skim stone . ( more ) White shoot 50 . elton ( cont 'd ) have a old gold chevy and a place of my own . but the biggest kick I ever get . be do a thing call the crocodile rock . while the other kid be rock round the clock . we be hopping and bop to the crocodile rock . elton leap about as he play with electrify abandon . the ‘hot girl 's look on in wonder - bernie slide up to they . elton give the performance of a lifetime . elton ( cont 'd ) well crocodile rock be something shocking . when you foot just can not keep still . I never know I a better time and I guess I never will . oh lawdy mama that Friday night . when suzie wear she dress tight . and the crocodile rock be out of sight . elton and the piano slowly rise off the ground . he be suspend in the air by two foot as he play . the audience start to rise up as well . everyone join in . elton / everyone La lalalala la lalalala la lalala the whole energy and power of the music and performance be lift everyone up and everything into the air . people be suspend and enthralled at what they be witness and elton play on unaware of the affect he show be have . he be lose in the moment . he repeat a phrase again and again the whole club float up as one . he encourage they to join in and drive the crowd to wilder and wilder appreciation . finally , he end on a huge note and they all hang suspend in time and mid air in silence . for a split second he look out to the stunne air bear crowd . he see bernie who have a huge grin on he face . the audience be elate and stunne and all smile at he . elton good grief ! elton smile back then suddenly he remember where he be and everyone drop back down to the ground and spontaneously burst into a huge cheer and applause . 83 84 85 White shoot 51 . int . troubadour dressing room - night 83 the insanity back stage after the gig . people crowd in to talk to elton . bernie burst in on a elate and excited elton . bernie you do it , reg ! you be brilliant ! elton hug bernie and see he 's with one of the hot girl , heather . he be crestfallen as he know what it mean . bernie ( cont 'd ) elton . this be Heather . Heather grab bernie 's arm . heather you be amazing . absolutely amazing . I love you boot . elton I be not sure they have suit you . bernie look embarrassed for a moment until Ray burst in with Doug . doug okay , enough bullshit ! who want to go to a party at mama Cass 's ? Ray hold up some key . ray this be brilliant . Doug 's just leat I he car ! ext . L.A. road - night 84 the guy be all in a open top car together . Ray drive with a young girl on he lap . elton , bernie and Heather and be all excited and love it . i/e. mama cass 's house - night 85 they pile out of the car . people mill about in the road and in the front garden . cool dude hey man ! it 's elton-fuckin- John . Far out . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 52 . people give elton a lot of attention . the cool dude lead they into the old villa that have tepee and hammock in the garden and a overgrown woodland feel . guitar be play round camp fire . a bare foote and bare breast wonderland of dope , hippie and musician . Heather take a joint and feed it to bernie as they walk in to the party . it be rock god heaven . int . mama cass 's house - night 86 elton sit on a huge sofa between he heroes Leon Russell and mama Cass who smoke a big joint which she pass to elton . it 's relaxed and cool . a stone and merry bernie come up and whisper in he ear . bernie hey elton . how cool be this ? elton yeah , great . apparently , Dylan be here somewhere . bernie good , good . look , I be go to disappear with Heather for a bit . elton look over at Heather as she get some dope from the cool dude . elton really ? right ... er , okay . bernie you will be alright will not you ? elton look around the party . it 's a cool scene that he 's not really a part of . elton yeah , course . we still go to Tower record ? a distract bernie be smile at Heather . bernie she 's talk about go to somewhere call paradise cove tomorrow . we ’1ll go another time . elton look over at Heather . she smile and wave . heartbroken , elton can see that bernie be smitten . 87 88 89 90 White shoot 53. elton of course . bernie she 's really cool . so beautiful . America , man . Wide open space . beautiful girl . it 's a dream come true . let 's stay forever . elton watch bernie go to Heather as she kiss he and lead he off . elton watch bernie and Heather go into the garden . elton Blue Jean baby . LA lady . goddess to the band . pretty eye , pirate smile . ext . mama cass ' house - night . 87 Heather and bernie find a spot by the fire and she roll a joint for they . elton you 'il marry a music man . ballerina . you must have see she dance in the sand . int . mama cass ' house - night 88 elton walk through the party with a drink . people laugh and talk but he be alone . ext . mama cass ' house - night 89 Heather dance for bernie by the fire . elton and now she 's in I . always with I . tiny dancer in my hand . int . mama cass ' house . night . 90 elton watch people dance , drink and make out . a bearded weirdo spin around and shout . people sit and watch he . it 's a drugge out hippy scene . elton Jesus freak . dance , jowl by check . handing ticket out for god. 91 92 93 94 95 96 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 54 . ext . mama cass ' house - night 91 someone put a tab of acid on bernie and Heather 's tongue and they kiss for the first time . elton turn back . she just laugh . i/ E. mama cass ' house - night 92 elton walk onto the balcony and look out over L.A. light . elton piano man . he make he stand . in the auditorium . ext . mama cass ' house - night 93 Heather take bernie 's hand and lead he back into the house elton look on . she sing he song . the word she know . the tune she hum . ext . mama cass 's house - night 94 elton look out over the city as all the guest come out on to the balcony and sing as a chorus . chorus but oh how it feel so real lie there with no one near . only you ... int . mama cass ' house - night 95 bernie and Heather find a empty bed room and enter . elton / chorus .»-- and you can hear he . when he say softly . slowly . bernie whisper to she and she laugh and kiss he . Heather smile and suddenly leave the room . bernie be confuse . ext . mama cass ' house - night 96 elton look out over L.A. sing : Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 55 . elton / chorus hold I closer tiny dancer . Count the headlight on the highway . he see the car light on sunset Blvd below . elton / chorus ( cont 'd ) Lay I down in sheet of linen . you have a busy day today . 97 int . mama cass ' bedroom - night 97 Heather return with another girl and they undress bernie together and they make love . elton hold I closer tiny dancer . you have a busy day today . 98 int . mama cass 's house . night . 98 elton wander in from the balcony and sit on the sofa alone . 99 int . mama cass 's house - night 99 elton wake on the sofa . his head spin and he feel hang over . a smartly dress man , JOHN reid sit in a arm chair opposite he . he be calm and relaxed and have a know smile . he speak in a soft Scottish accent . he hand elton a glass of champagne . reid dom perignon . 63 . a very good vintage . elton no thanks . reid it 's always important to rely on the kindness of stranger . elton look blank . reid ( cont 'd ) never mind . John reid . he sit next to elton . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 56 . reid ( cont 'd ) I know it 's all a bit overwhelming at first but something make I think you will get use to it . elton you be that good a judge of character be you ? reid of a great many thing . in fact , I predict you could be the best sell artist in America if you desire . elton so you like the song then ? reid not quite as much as the singer . reid stare at elton . elton stare back , amaze at this ultra - confident creature . reid knock back the champagne and twinkle a smile at elton . he speak in a low seductive tone . reid ( cont 'd ) you do not realise what happen at the troubadour tonight , do you ? there be moment in a rock star life that define who he be and how people perceive he as he ascend into the heaven . you light the blue touch paper and now we can all see you throw light and colour and magic into the night sky . where there be darkness , there be now - you . elton John . you can do anything you want . you can be anyone you want . and it 's go to be a wild ride . reid lean in and kiss elton who mesmerize by this strange , dangerous and exciting creature do not resist . elton firework ? reid smile . 100 101 102 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 57 . int . HOTEL bedroom - night / morning 100 nake on the bed elton and reid kiss . the curtain blow in the wind as the body in the shadow , back light by the neon from outside the window embrace and make love . overhead shot of elton in bed . elton look over to reveal reid next to he . reid 's hand rest on he side as he sleep . elton gently put he hand over reid 's , be careful not to disturb he . elton settles back , stare upwards , amaze , excited and enthralled that this have happen to he . ext . troubadour - evening 101 elton , reid , arrive at the club and there be a huge crowd around the block . some ask elton to sign he album . Ray rush out to meet they . ray where the fuck have you be ? Ray usher they in . int . troubadour - evening 102 elton , reid , and Ray walk through the club . ray a review from the L.A. Times have be syndicate . thing be go crazy . they be meet by Doug at the dress room door who read from the paper . bernie and Heather be there too . doug '' rejoice . rock music have a new star . he 's elton John a 23 year old englishman whose debut at the troubadour be in every way magnificent . '' it 's happen my friend . reid take the paper and read it . reid I know it . I fuck know it . bernie see that elton be captivate by reid and that he look different . elton smile at he . 103 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot reid go . ray Dick 's extend we stay . we be in San Francisco tomorrow for three night . after that we fly to NYC . back here for two more show . then Dick want we back in London to start the new album . reid this be it . you be off . elton will I see you when I get back ? reid work take I away a lot . elton but I want to see you again . reid do not worry about I . go , enjoy you moment . that 's what 's important . elton come to London with I . reid I can not but next time I be there I ' 1l look you up . promise . doug you be on kid . do not keep you public wait . ried I be go to watch out front . doug elton ! Doug point to the stage . elton give I a moment . int . troubadour side stage - evening elton look at the crowd through the curtain and try take it in . bernie join he . 58 . 103 to 103a Green Rev. ( 10/29/18 ) White shoot 59 . bernie you okay ? elton we get to work twice as hard now , bernie . bernie smile . bernie we will . elton it 's never gonna last . bernie so let 's enjoy it while we can . elton smile but actually look closer to tear . elton I be so fuck scared . bernie hug he friend . elton compose himself . we hear the crowd go wild and cheer . ' don ’t go breaking my heart 's start to play . int . dick jame office - day 103a Close on a phone ringing . Mary , the secretary , grab it . mary Dick James publish . Ray , hurriedly get some papers together , obviously late . there be box of fan letter on the floor and a pile of elton 's photo on he desk wait to be sign . the reception look like a bomb have go off and it 's in complete chaos . ray ( to himself ) shit , shit , shit ! where be that fuck contract . mary hold on . Ray ! it 's Carl from record Mirror . ray what ? be I suppose to call he ? + % + * +e + % 104 Green Rev. ( 10/29/18 ) White shoot 59a . mary I do not know . he 's ask for the release date for elton 's new single . ray really !? I do not know . mary ( into the phone ) he do not know . ray do not tell he that ! do you arrange the car to take elton to the studio ? mary I did’t know I have too . ray what !? mary can Carl get a advance copy of the album ? ray no ! send he some ticket for the european tour or something . mary next year ? he tour Canada and North America before that . ray right ! whatever ! oh ball , I be late . just sort it out . another phone start to ring . Mary answer . mary Dick James publish ( beat ) Ray , it 's lorrain from the mail ... Ray grab he bag and run out the door . int . studio , england - evening 104 elton sing with kiki dee . she be full of energy and they be both have a great time with the song . +e + % + % +e + % * +h of * Green Rev. ( 10/29/18 ) White shoot 59b . 105 int . control booth - evening 105 Ray be in the control booth and reid enter . he smile at elton and nod . elton stop the recording and wave reid in . 106 int . studio - evening 106 a excited elton be with reid . elton what be you do here ? reid Business and I promise if I be ever in town I have look you up . elton how long be you stay ? 107 White shoot 60 . reid not sure , that depend . elton I can beg if you like . reid for the last six month I have be hearing you song everywhere . it make it very hard to stop think about you . elton really ? Ray come in . ray come on elton , what be you do ? either let 's go again or go to the pub .... reid push elton into a closet . int . closet - evening 107 reid get up close and personal . the seduction be on . reid what do you want , elton ? elton nothing . reid wrong answer . reid kiss he . elton dinner with you ? reid you be so humble it 's embarrassing . you be a millionaire rock star who life at home with he mum ! this be grow up time now . thing be serious . be brave . think big . what do you really want !? they kiss . reid smile and open the door . bernie and Heather be there now dress in top hat and tail and a evening gown and point at a huge theatrical curtain . White shoot 61 . intro : ' honkey cat 's John reid become elton 's manager and lead he on a ' dance journey 's of discovery . introduce he to all the finer thing in life . at each stage they accumulate expensive possession . all execute in a Hollywood 1940 , / 50 's musical dance style . they enter the ballroom , and join other dancer . reid swing elton into a tailor dress room . elton when I look back , boy , I must have be green . bop in the country , fishing in a stream . look for a answer , try to find a sign until I see you city light , honey , I be blind . a swarm of designer gather around he with colourful bolt of cloth , sequine jacket , crazy hat . they swirl around he and he eventually emerge from the colour , transformed in he new attire , reid look on approvingly . reid they say , get back , honky cat better get back to the wood well , I quit that day and my redneck way . and , oh , the change be gonna do I good . then they dance over to a restaurant table . waiter make a fuss , set the table , napkin , champagne and caviar serve . elton you better get back , honky cat live in the city be not where it 's at . it 's like try to find gold in a silver mine . it 's like try to drink whiskey from a bottle of wine a car horn sound and a convertible roll royce pull up . as they jump in the back , back projection kick in to reveal the french riviera mountain road . they stop at the top of a ... staircase , as they walk / dance down the stair , jeweler surround they ( like Monroe in diamond ) , they drape they in watch , ring , diamond necklace etc . 108 White shoot 62. elton ( cont 'd ) well , I read some book , and I read some magazine . about that high - class lady down in New Orleans . and all the folk back home , well , say I be a fool . they say , oh , believe in the Lord be the golden rule . at the bottom of the stair a shop window full of advert for large mansion house , reid appear with a house brochure , show it to elton , reid open he briefcase , take out a gold pen and cheque book , with a flourish he write and hand it to estate agent . elton and reid walk off happy . a art house worker push a stage flat onto the stage with a collection of Francis Bacon 's , Picasso 's and Van gogh 's . elton and reid walk along make a selection . elton / reid they say , get back , honky cat better get back to the wood well , I quit that day and my redneck way . and , oh oh oh , oh , change be gonna do I good . they say , stay at home , boy , you gotta tend the farm . live in the city , boy , be go to break you heart . but how can you stay when you heart say no ? how can you stop when you foot say go ? the artwork be roll away to reveal a Caribbean beach , with young man and woman drink cocktail and play beachball reid and elton strip down to they bathing suit and join in . a pair of plane step appear they run up they and appear inside a beautifully furnish private plane with a piano and bar in the middle . they exit the plane and find they selve in a auction House , Furniture , sculpture be bid for , the auctioneer gavel come down again and again and point to elton , sold . they get up and walk through a big door into ... int . reid be office - day 108 reid sit at he desk in he newly finish office . gold disk on the wall etc . Dick James and Ray be there . it 's clear elton have a hectic year or two ahead . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 63. elton be dress fantastically and play pinball and drink whiskey from a tumbler . Dick look at elton . reid no one 's be phase out , Dick . elton just feel that thing will run more smoothly if he have personal management . Ray look at the Francis Bacon on the wall a little confuse . ray be this upside down ? dick shut up Ray ! there 's never be a problem before . reid and there be not one now . there 's lot of work and commitment . Tours etc and that 's what I 'il be do . personal management . take care of thing . dick will you really ? you do realise I have a contract with elton . reid I have already have that look into . he 's quite within he rights to take on outside representation . dick that 's what you think , you fuck poofta . Dick turn on elton . dick ( cont 'd ) and you be happy with this arrangement be you ? after all this year . reid it 's not personal , Dick . Dick size elton up then walk to the door . dick come on , Ray . I own a percentage of the next two album . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 64 . dick ( cont 'd ) you will be hearing from my lawyer you fuck rat bag . Dick and Ray go . elton that be horrible . reid do not worry , it 's business . Dick 's a big boy . he will be fine . a handsome young male p.a. bryan , come in and deliver a bag * of cocaine which reid put in a box on he desk . * bryan Lord grade 's office have call about the Royal variety performance . apparently the Queen mother be a big fan . I have book the ticket for St. Tropez and the return flight to London the next morning . reid put we both on that and get I the number for the BBC . bryan exit . elton could not we have keep on Ray ? he 's a lovely guy . reid look at elton . reid ' Lovely guy 's be not a job . this be a crucial time , elton . you and I be go to have to be more careful . the papers have be sniff around . we can not give they anything to speculate on . I be think of get someone in as you girlfriend . elton seem a bit excessive . * reid no , this be you career and we business at stake . if we sleep arrangement get out then all this be go . 109 110 yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 65 . elton right . reid you will need to talk to you parent . make sure they know what to say . that be the first door reporter knock on . ext . stanley 's house - day 109 a limo stop in a drab suburban street . elton get out extravagantly dress and look completely out of place . kid look in amazement . he walk down the path of a down at heel house . he ring the doorbell and wait . the door open and stanley look at elton in shock for a moment . elton hello , dad . stanley hello , reg. come in . int . stanley' house - day 110 elton sit on a small armchair and look around whilst stanley sit on the sofa . it be still very awkward between they . more so than ever . elton look like thing have work out well second time round . stanley yes . I suppose . elton not everybody get a second chance . stanley no . why be you here , reg ? elton I want to show you how well I be do . elton take out a rolex box and hand it to stanley . stanley open the box and look at the watch and be dumbfounded . elton ( cont 'd ) my Music be really take off . yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 65a . stanley turn the watch over in he hand and look at it . it really be a beautiful gift . suddenly they hear the frontdoor open and stanley quickly put the watch away . a 12 year old boy similar to the young Reggie run in and jump onto the sofa next to he father . geoff dad , there 's a roll royce outside ! stanley hug geoff whilst a second boy run and jump on the sofa . * yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 66 . stanley geoff , Stephen . this be you brother , Reggie . stephen half-brother . elton I be not call Reggie anymore . there 's a awkward silence . elton ( cont 'd ) I think once I be back off tour we could all get together . as a family . stanley maybe . elton look at stanley and the boy - it 's clear there 's no real place or understanding for he here . geoff be you really worth twenty - five million pound ? elton try he best to smile . elton I do not know . I hope so . stanley they be really proud of you . we have even get some of you record . stephen my mum say 's you be a poofta . geoff what 's a poofta ? stanley that 's enough now boy . elton be too uncomfortable - he stand up . elton I would better be off . stanley maybe you have like to stay for tea ? yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 66a . stephen I think you say we could go to the chippy . elton no really , I have to get goin . stanley hang on . 111 yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 67 . stanley leave the room and the boy stare at elton . no love lose here . it take a age . elton stand , deeply embarrassed by the whole thing . stanley return and hand elton a pen and a album . stanley ( cont 'd ) put ' to Arthur 's - he 's a bloke I work with . he 's quite a big fan . slowly elton sign . geoff that 'il be worth a few bob now . elton look at he father who be still unable to express any love for he . stanley well , it be very nice of you to pop by , be not it . geoff let I see . stephen he smell of lavender . stanley hold out he hand and shake elton 's . elton you still do not know when yo hug I do you . stanley look at elton . elton 's right - he still can not bring himself to show elton any physical affection . ext . stanley' house - day 111 on the door step stanley hold out he hand and shake elton 's in a friendly manner . stanley the boy love meeting a real life pop star . elton sure . thanks , dad . stanley look at elton . he still can not bring himself to show elton any physical affection . +e * yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 67a . 112 int . roll royce - day 112 Close on elton as he look at the house . the reality harsh and raw . the boy with they face press up against the window look back at he . stanley come and get they away and give a little wave . tear start to run down elton 's cheek . 113 114 115 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 68. int . therapy room , parkland hospital - day 113 Close on elton as he cry . he look up and see the group all look at he . he pick up the chair and throw it across the room at the wall . elton what have you get to do get a fuck drink around here ?! the rest of the group and the counselor stare in shock at he . int . woodside mansion bedroom . day . 114 elton and reid walk out through the hallway as staff clean and make thing nice . reid I ask you to do one thing to protect we life and you can not even do that ! elton you really pick you moment , do not you ? I have get a show . can we do this another time . reid you be not the first closete queer with a mummy complex . i/e . woodside mansion stair . day . 115 reid you have get to grow up . you be get worse . do you want I to tell she ? elton why would I want that ? reid because I do everything . elton no . she ’1ll make it about herself and be all distress and dramatic . it will be horrible . 116 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 69 . they exit driveway . int . limo reid would you rather some sleazy reporter talk to she and have she blab the wrong thing ? the next day you will be read a headline say ' elton John - queer . 's be that what you want ? she need to be clear on what to say . I have arrange for she to come over Sunday , talk to she then . elton what ? you do not think to ask I first ? do you care how much pressure I be under ? reid not really . the house and there be few expensive car on the they get into a limo . - day 116 elton and reid be in the back of a limo . elton drink whiskey as reid fume . reid for fuck sake , stop sulk . it have to be do whether you like it or not ! be you go to be scared of she you whole life ? elton right ! stop the car !! reid honestly , you be pathetic . the car stop . reid ( cont 'd ) you be on stage in 15 minute ! elton get out . elton you be the big shot manager . you make my excuse ! tell they I be indispose - break my mother heart . 117 118 119 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 70 . ext . london STREET - day 117 reid shout from the window of the car as elton leg it down the street . reid elton ! elton ! int . reggie 's house - day 118 Sheila and Fred settle down to watch the telly . ' liberace at the Royal Albert Hall 's . the phone ring . Sheila pick up . sheila pinner 9755 . elton ( 0.s. ) mum . it 's I . sheila I know who you be ! int . phone BOX - day 119 elton be half drunk , the bottle of whiskey in he hand . elton I have something to tell you . sheila Reggie , we be go to miss the bit of the show with you on . elton look , shut up , mum ! I be not on telly yet . I be talk to you . sheila ( 0.s. ) but it 's already start and it 's live .... it 's live ! elton I have get something important to say . for Christ sake . tell Fred to turn the tv down . mum. I and John we be ... the thing be ... I be homosexual . a poofta . a fairy . a queen . silence . 120 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 71 . elton ( cont 'd ) say something . sheila for godsake , I know that . I have know for year . elton no you have not ! sheila of course I have . you be my child . elton right . and you do not mind ? sheila frankly , I do not care . I have rather you keep that sort of thing to yourself . I just hope you realise you be choose a life of be alone forever . you will never be love properly . elton hang up as reid open the door of the phone box . elton she say I will never be love . reid grab elton and get in he face . reid do not you ever put I in that fuck position again . you arse - hole . you be on in 5 minute so get over yourself and do the fuck show . we be run a business , you fat shit ! elton push he away . reid ( cont 'd ) do not you push I . reid slap he in the face then storm off . int . royal albert hall , dressing room - night 120 elton look in the mirror at he bruise cheek . he apply some make up to cover it . he put on a outrageous pair of glass , then change they for a more outrageous pair . then he he hair - he comb be full of hair . 121 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 72. he look carefully where he be go bald . he sniff a line of coke off a mirror and then put on a outrageous head - dress hat to cover he recede hairline . int . royal albert hall , backstage - night 121 elton come out of the dress room . bernie look at he obviously unimpress by the outlandish of he costume . bernie you ok ? elton walk off down the corridor as bernie rush to keep up . elton I have get the number one album in America , again ! I be about to embark on the high gross tour in rock history . I be personally responsible for 5 % of all record sale on the entire planet and I have the high platform heel know to man . of course I be ok . bernie it use to be only the two of we . now there be bus load of people just to do the music . do not you ever want to go out and sing without all this paraphernalia ? you know , be yourself ? as they come round the corner they both see reid talk intimately with a young man . elton why the fuck would I want to do that ? if you be a real friend you would not say that shit . people do not pay to see reg dwight . they pay to see elton John ! do not ever tell I how to do my job . reid look at elton . the young man laugh out of embarrassment . bernie you do not have to put up with this , you know , reg. 122 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 73. elton write the fuck lyric , bernie . let I deal with the rest . elton take a shot of Jack Daniels from a bottle behind the stage then turn to bernie . elton ( cont 'd ) sorry . bernie I know . elton walk out on stage . int . stage - night 122 elton start a wild piano with the pinball wizard riff . he scream wildly into the camera . elton ever since I be a young boy . I have play the silver ball . from soho down to Brighton . I must have play they all . but I be not see nothing like he . in any amusement hall . that deaf dumb and blind kid . sure play a mean pinball ! we enter elton ' pinball world 's . a giant pinball machine of tour and make huge amount of money . reid play elton as the ball and elton be blindly bounce and buffer from one concert to another . from another country to another spend spree . people rush and pull he . elton be under the glass of the machine and keep move and be play . he go down different hole and pop out at a new gig . reid sing too as he play , laugh and grin away . reid he stand like a statue . become part of the machine . feeling all the bumper . always play clean . he play by intuition . the deaf dumb and blind kid . sure play a mean pinball ! girl and boy how do you he do it ? I do not know ! what make he so good ? 123 124 yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 74 . the game get faster and faster and more manic , elton spin round faster and faster until reid give it one shove too many and elton go down the black hole mark l.a . we pan up and see the machine tilt light flash . int . corridor , elton 's house , l.a - day 123 elton walk out of he room into the bright sunlight - a amazing look transvestite may clean . elton where be I ? maid at you house , Mr John . in L.A. ext . pool area , elton 's house , l.a . - day 124 elton walk out to the pool side . the ' may 's give he a orange juice . elton put a couple of shot of vodka in there . he see reid , slightly obscure by a pool side table . reid Morning . elton see a young man emerge and realise that reid have have a BJ from he . elton you be up early . reid just a bit of ' rock and roll 's . elton rock and roll be not screwing the clean staff . reid rock and roll be get you out of bed in the morning . arranging 250 gig a year and oversee prs audit in 176 different country . it 's employment contract for 112 people in full or part- time employment . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 75 . reid ( cont 'd ) it 's insurance , copyright indemnity , renegotiate you previously insane contract and wiping you arse . all you do be play the piano but in my case , elton , rock and roll be a 87 million dollar a year industry and you begrudge I a little bit on the side . you really be a selfish prick . elton get out . reid you be so predictable . elton this be my house . get out of here . I want to be by myself . not with people who do not give a shit about I and take the fuck piss . reid laugh at elton . a voice call out . sheila ( 0.s. ) yohoo. elton . elton turn and see Sheila , Fred , ivy and a bunch of brit who have just arrive . they be not dress for the sun and all have suitcase and bag with they . elton what the fuck be all this ? reid you tell I to hire a plane and fly you family over for the gig . elton I do ? Sheila join with some other people . sheila you remember the Anderson 's from next door , do not you ? elton look to see a middle age couple he have no recollection of . ' the may 's come and take they bag and they eye nearly pop out of they head . 125 White shoot 76 . mr . anderson you lovely mum 's be tell we all about the house you have buy she in barne . mrs . anderson and what a shy little boy you be . look at you now . such a lovely big house . ivy come join . ivy I can not believe I be actually in America . I have never be on a plane before . she hug he . elton how be it ? ivy I do not like the go up and come down bit but the rest of it be nice . she look around at all the people laugh and invade he home and then take elton in . ivy can see elton be not at he best . ivy ( cont 'd ) be we still go on that little trip you promise ? elton look puzzle at reid who nod . reid of course you be ivy . it 's all arrange . sheila come on elton , you can show we around . Sheila take elton by the arm and lead he away with the anderson' . ext . las vega - night 125 the bright light of the city . we hear the close music of elvis 's show . 126 White shoot 77 . int . elvis 's dressing room , las vega casino - night 126 the door open and sonny be there with elton and ivy . sonny elton John . pop star from England . as he open the door . sonny ( cont 'd ) ( to elton ) make it quick . member of the Memphis mafia hang about and drink . elvis be sit in a throne at he dress table in he very ornate and over blow dress room . he be fat and sweaty . his breathe be labor . he be doped up to the eye ball and not all there . streak of black hair dye run down the side of he face which a obsequious hair dresser try in vain to fix . no one take any notice of elton and ivy . Close on elton as he see the sorry state he boyhood hero be in . elvis how do I sound tonight boy ? sonny great boss . really strong . elvis and the back ? memphis mafia good at the back . people be cry . elvis hey Joe , find I another nice girl tonight . that one last night man , I tell ya ! best damned head I would ever have . all the mafia boy laugh and agree with elvis . ivy step forward . ivy elvis . it 's lovely to meet you . my grandson , elton and I be big fan . elvis that 's real nice . thank you mar be . I hear of you son . everybody have . the mafia all nod but there 's a awkward silence . 127 White shoot 78. elton I be hope you have sing heartbreak Hotel tonight . it be my first record . elvis another English boy come over to conquer the state and steal we money and woman huh ? that 's real nice . what 's you record call ? elton ' candle in the wind '. elvis no , I think it be another one . I do not remember . elton you be a huge inspiration to I . elvis ' be 's ? elton do not know what to say and elvis see it in he eye . elvis take a cheap nylon scarf from around he neck , dab he forehead then give it to ivy. elvis ( cont 'd ) here you go mar be . glad you ’all enjoy the show . one of the Memphis mafia start to take off elvis 's boot as he cant reach they himself . sonny okay let 's get you out of here . the King be tired . elton take a last look at he hero before he exit . the crowd can be hear still scream ' elvis , elvis 's . int . backstage , las vega casino - night 127 a shell shocked elton and ivy follow sonny . ivy Mark my word . Dead in six month . Close on elton ' funeral for a friend 's . 128 128a Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 79 . int . elton 's house L.A. - day 128 bernie arrive in he cowboy gear with a couple of blonde girl in tow . the front door be open and they go inside . Old friend , and neighbor from pinner cavort with record company people and enjoy the thrill of be in a rock star 's home . bernie look into the library and see reid snog a young man . he then catch a glimpse of two or three man as they embrace . a guy chat up a girl stop bernie . band member hey bernie , tell she how many people we be play to at dodger 's tomorrow ? elton er , 50-60,000 . band member see ? over two night , that 's more than a hundred thousand people . girl yeah , I can do math you know . bernie wander off with the girl . int . bedroom , elton 's house , l.a . - day 128a elton sit alone in the darken room . elton vaguely mumble to himself and line up a row of pill on the coffee table . there 's a gentle knock and bernie and the girl stick they head in . bernie elt . you okay ? you be miss the all fun . elton well as long as the fun be not miss I then who give a shit ? bernie turn to the girl . bernie we will chat to he later . bernie close the door . +e + % * +e + % Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 79a . 129 ext . party , elton 's house , l.a . - day 129 around the pool Sheila , ivy and Fred be all in they swim costume and have the time of they life . 130 int . bedroom , elton 's house , l.a . - day 130 elton neck a pile of pill and slurp Jack Daniels . he stand up but the room sway violently and stagger into the corridor . 131 int . corridor , elton 's house , l.a . - day 131 elton steady himself and wander through the party be the perfect host but in reality he fall into thing . he knock down a vase of flower and fall over . the guest watch impassive . 132 ext . pool area , elton 's house , l.a . - day 132 outside everyone have a great time at the party . there be a crash as elton throw open the door . everybody look . 133 White shoot 80. elton walk along the side of the pool and climb on to the diving board and hold out he arm . people laugh and clap . elton and for my next trick - I be go to drow myself . he the fall face first in to the pool and hit the water with a massive splash . int . pool , elton 's house , l.a - day 133 elton sink slowly to the bottom . the pool be unfeasibly deep . as he sink , pill float out of he mouth like bubbles . he go further and further to the bottom as the intro to rocketman play . elton reach the bottom of the pool and be curious to find a tiny figure dress in a astronaut spacesuit who play the introduction on a tiny toy piano . the tiny figure be Young Reggie . reggie she pack my bag last night pre - flight . Zero hour nine a.m . the song be muffle by the space helmet . but now we be inside the space helmet with Reggie and sing be fine . reggie ( cont 'd ) and I be gonna be high as a kite by then . elton thrashes around , desperately and try to get away from Reggie , who look up sadly . people dive in above elton and swim down to he . elton I miss the earth so much . I miss my life . it 's lonely out in space . elton be haul upwards by people . elton ( cont 'd ) on such a timeless flight . he be haul out of the pool . everybody look at he . elton ( cont 'd ) and I think it 's gonna be a long , long time . till touch down bring I round again to find . 134 135 136 137 White shoot 81. he be rush through the crowd on a trolley - bernie mop he brow , reid push people out of the way - to a ambulance . elton ( cont 'd ) I be not the man I think I be at all . oh no no no , I be a rocketman . rocketman burn out he fuse up here alone - int . ambulance , L.A. - day 134 elton in the ambulance wire to machinery . elton look at the paramedic . elton and all this science I do not understand . it 's just my job five day a week . a rocket man , a rocket man . ext . underground car park - day 135 elton 's ambulance pull up . paramedics run to the vehicle and open the door . as they spring open and elton climb out be help by the paramedics . ext . service corridor - day 136 what appear to be the entrance to the hospital turn out to be the entrance to backstage . reid and he acolyte swarm round elton and start to put he back together . a line of coke as they put on he stage costume . a shot of whiskey as they put on he hat and glass . elton straighten up and be now dress in he dodger 's Stadium attire with he bat . elton and I think it 's gonna be a long , long time . till touch down bring I round again to find . ext . dodger stadium stage , l.a . - night 137 elton run backstage but sing on . he run on stage . the crowd go wild . as he come on someone from the crowd throw a ball . elton swing he bat and hit it way into the crowd . elton I be not the man I think I be at all . oh no no no , I be a rocket man . ( more ) 138 White shoot 82. elton ( cont 'd ) rocket man burn out he fuse up here alone - elton stare out at the vast crowd , the whole stadium be light by lighter . the camera pan up , it be impossible to know where the lighter stop and the star of the night sky start . we pan up to the star in the night sky . a jet fly across the sky . elton look up at the plane and suddenly shoot up into the air like a rocket . int . starship one - night 138 elton land in a seat on the plane and bernie sit opposite he . reid , and all the croney be either crash out or drunk at the bar . bernie elton ? elton ! elton what be you say ? elton look a bit unsure where he be . bernie I need a break . elton you need a break ? what about I !? bernie creatively speak . I need to sort myself out . elton Jesus bernie , for a straight man you can be really gay sometimes . bernie I have get nothing to say anymore . every time I wake up all I see be cloud . one tour after another . I do not know who I be half the time . I be go home for a while . elton that 's nice for you bernie you be stronger than I . I be not the writer I be . 138a Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot elton be this the same speech you make when you want another divorce ? bernie when do you get so cynical , elton . it 's do not suit you . a beat while elton look at bernie . bernie ( cont 'd ) why do not we both just disappear for a bit together . recharge . we can go to my ranch and hide away . write like the old day . you in one room , I in another . there 's plenty of space ... elton no . there 's other writer I want to work with . it will do I good to collaborate with new people . we should take a break . 83. bernie get up and walk back to the bar . elton watch he and all the other drink and party . a dark mood be over he . int . side stage , australia - night elton wait to go on . a minion fuss with he huge wig . elton I can not fuck move . what 's the point of the wig if I can not fuck move . minion you have to let the glue dry . elton well get it to hurry up . where 's my sushi ? sushi girl here . elton this be yellowtail . sushi girl yes , we fly it in from osaka . 138a +e + % * 139 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 83a . elton I hate fuck yellowtail . he throw the sushi . elton ( cont 'd ) everybody know I hate yellowtail . minion please stop move . elton how be I expect to play in front of 5000 people on nothing but yellowtail ! fuck this . give I a bottle of whiskey for god 's sake . int . the stage , australia - night 139 elton stagger onto the stage . the crowd start to applaud . he make it to the piano and sit . he laugh to himself . elton my loyal subject ! elton laugh again . elton ( cont 'd ) hello . hello , Australia . or New York . or swindon . or where - ever- the - hell - we-are . silence . someone cough . elton ( cont 'd ) the problem with you lot , the problem with you lot be you think '' oh here come elton he ’1ll cheer we up . he will sing we a song '' . but you know what ? it 's not that easy . have you think about what 's go on ? ( more ) * + * 140 141 White shoot 84 . elton ( cont 'd ) have you ask yourself what you be do here , listen to I all happy clappy . there be people starve in Africa . there be people die , people without home and here we be sing bloody song about it . he take a drink of water and try to pull himself together . elton ( cont 'd ) but anyway , I blame the Arabs and the Jews and the Christians and the hindus and some of that buddhist be not so great either . elton laugh at himself . the rest of the band can not hide they embarrassment . elton ( cont 'd ) anyway , this one for all the atheist out there . as the music kick in . '' benny and the jets '' . int . starship one - night 140 elton 's usual after show party full of debauch hedonistic party people . drag queen 's , muscle man / woman , hanger on , groupy of both sex , roady and all the weird and wonderful go strong . they cheer as elton enter . the guest be all dress in elton 's stage outfit from over the year . drag queen hey kid , shake it loose together . the spotlight 's hit something . that 's be know to change the weather . we will kill the fatte calf tonight . the camera pull out as someone drape a huge mink coat over elton 's naked shoulder . int . party wonderland , underground club NYC 8ux - night 141 elton and all the people from the party dance in as elton sing . the party elton 's always want , where anything go and all the bold and the beautiful be there do they debauch best . elton go from room to room . White shoot 85 . he wander into a large hall / party area where it all happen . elton so stick around . you be gonna hear electric music . solid wall of sound . say , candy and ronnie , have you see they yet . uh but they be so space out . a high and drunk elton kiss anyone who be near . he also hand out watch and gift to everyone who smile at he . next to elton - a huge naked man wear a chief 's head dress appear next to he . now everyone dance in synchronization . hand wander all over naked body . elton smile to the camera and get on he knee , turn to the guy - elton find he be perfectly position , at crotch height . the crowd close in . the crowd part to reveal elton sing straight to camera . elton sit at a grand piano and play . as he sing he be ina golden halo - elton sing delightedly into the camera . the crowd close in on elton sing like a door close . elton appear with someone on he knee in front of he - a blonde young man . the young man stand , wipe he lip and elton hand he a watch and stroll towards the bed . a young muscle man spread himself out and roll around . he then take elton by the hand and they climb into bed together . elton ( cont 'd ) b-b-b- benie and the jet . oh but they be weird and they be wonderful . oh benie she 's really keen . she 's get electric boot a mohair suit . you know I read it in a magazine . b-b-b- bennie and the jet . there be a succession of man that elton roll in and out of bed with . he pull the sheet over they head and then a new man be in there with he . he roll over and there be a different man in there . he kiss one guy and then there be a new man in there . it get faster and faster and more body roll around . 142 yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 86 . int . HOTEL room , U.S.A - day 142 elton sit up abruptly in bed . the curtain be all close keep out most of the daylight . it be the full rock star paranoid hide away . elton Fucking hell ! he pick up the phone . elton ( cont 'd ) this be the presidential suite . there 's a noise outside my window . I know it 's the fuck wind . do something about it ! he slam the phone down . a young man be in bed with he . elton ( cont 'd ) remind I . hugh Hugh . elton right , Hugh . hugh why do you play this game elton ? you know who I be . elton let 's have a line . hugh would not you rather get some breakfast ? it 's seven in the morning . elton I do not ask you the fuck time ! Hugh slowly gather he clothes . hugh you be a good person , elton . it 's a shame you do not think so too . you live in this bullshit world where you pretend not to notice or care . it 's be , what , three month now and I do not know who I be anymore . God know what it 's like for you . I be seriously get scared . * + eh HH HH 143 yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 86a . elton what the hell be you scared of ? hugh dying . we have have a wild time but I can not be part of this . the drink and drug be more important to you than people . you should look after yourself . elton it 's a bit late for that . elton take a expensive watch and offer it to Hugh . elton ( cont 'd ) have something for you trouble . hugh fuck you . Hugh do not take the watch and leave . int . studio , control room - night 143 a paranoid and depressed elton sit with renate the studio engineer at the mixing desk . there be also two gay guy just hang out . renate would you like a cup of tea ? elton look at renate and she smile . elton get anything stronger ? renate would you like to hear it again ? elton mumble to himself . elton not really . + h * 144 145 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 87. renate you should be very proud . I have watch you play many time . you music be always so personal , honest and open . it must be hard sometimes . int . studio , GREEN room - night 144 elton hold a cup of tea . it be warm in he hand but he look at it like it 's the strangest thing he 's ever see . the steam rise from the cup as elton , renate and the two gay guy watch a news report about Ryan White on the television . it show how he have aids from a blood transfusion and how he be be vilify and persecute at school through fear and ignorance . he be a thoughtful and decent young man as be he mother who be in the news report too . renate watch too . renate they say it 's a epidemic in New York now . I have a friend who say they call it ' gay cancer 's at the hospital . he 's waste away too . he have sore in he mouth and can hardly eat anymore . it 's so distress for he family . gay guy 1 my mother believe you can catch it from a toilet seat . she will not let I use the bathroom and I catch she throw away a cup I drank from . elton look at guy 1 and notice that he be self conscious about a mark on he cheek . gay guy 2 thug run through the gay district in Chicago and beat people with baseball bat . int . elton 's house L.A. —- morning 145 elton in nothing more than a robe sit on the floor . the television be on . there be a hugh pile of record spread out which he frantically go through and alphabetize . he stop and in frustration bend and twist up and break a vinyl record . elton fuck !!! + eh HH a + % +e Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 87a . reid be let in by the tran may . elton ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? I be busy . White shoot 88 . reid why do not you get back in the studio you be pay for ? elton get a copy of the Rolling Stone Magazine and start manically go through it and wave it at reid . elton what 's all this about only get to number eleven in Italy ? what have you be do ? reid the song do not work . it 's number one in Finland but who give a fuck about that . the record be coke out , mor , shit . elton you never understand I or what I go through . I should have sack you when you leave I . reid you use to be a genius - now you be just a fat fuck who play the piano . I be glad I leave you . it mean I can maintain some objectivity on you self - indulgent , myopic little world . go in the studio and make some music , or do not . I do not care . elton you will do when the money run out . reid you sign contract with I long ago . every bit of tuna you stuff down you bloat fuck throat , every limousine you ferry you entourage around in come out of you end . i’11 still be collect my 20 % long after you have kill yourself . reid exit and elton throw the ashtray at the door . 146 147 148 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 89 . int . private doctor - day 146 elton in large dark sunglass look sheepish and paranoid as the clinic nurse take he blood . she put a label on he * sample mark ' Mr Smith 's . clinic nurse the result take 6 to 8 week . we will be in touch when we know . int . therapy room , parkland hospital . day . 147 the group all stare at elton . his finger be intertwined and crush . patient so ? what be the result ? * elton I get lucky . I do not know how . I * should not be . I have know so many people who do not make it . counselor and how do that make you feel ? elton numb ? I think I have go so far from the shore that there 's no turn back . counselor there 's always another chance . we all make mistake . you have to allow for that . elton start to laugh to himself . * int . studio . night . 148 a slump and lose elton sit at the piano press one key . renate be in the control room . elton look through the glass at she and a strange glow be all around she . renate smile at * he . * elton sing a capella : ' don ’t let the SUN go down on I '. * elton * I can not light no more of my * darkness . all my picture seem to * fade to black and white . ( more ) 149 150 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot elton ( cont 'd ) I be grow tired and time stand still before I . frozen here on the ladder of my life . renate too late to save yourself from fall . to take a chance and change you way of life . elton / renate but you misread my meaning when I meet you . close the door and leave I blind by the light . the music play on as a gospel choir take up the song .. ext . woodside mansion - day . 90 . 149 elton and renate stand under a flower cover alter in the garden and kiss . there be scream and shout and camera flash . elton smile as the gospel choir sing behind they . gospel choir do not let the sun go down on I . although I searched myself , it 's always someone else I see . I have just allow a fragment of you life to wander free . but lose everything be like the sun go down on I . reid , Sheila , Fred and ivy be there but no one be as confuse and troubled as bernie . int . therapy room , parkland hospital - day elton have tear run down he face . elton I have never say it before but renate do not deserve that . she 's a good person . I drag she into all that madness . patient I remember when you get marry . the papers be full of it . 150 151 152 153 154 pink Rev. ( 08/22/18 ) White shoot 91 . counselor do be marry make you happy ? * elton not really . I be gay . ext . woodside mansion - morning 151 bird sing and the sun shine as one gardener water the lawn and another rake leave . int . woodside mansion , upstair hallway - morning 152 the song end as elton exit from one room and renate exit from another . elton / renate Morning . int . woodside mansion , kitchen - morning 153 elton sit at the table and pour himself a vodka and orange as renate make herself a coffee . she sit opposite he . the clock tick . elton sigh . elton sorry . renate I know . int . flash restaurant , london - night 154 a piss elton come into the restaurant . the maitre de welcome he and elton whisper something then make he way to a table . it 's like the King have arrive - people rubber neck as diner greet he and shake he hand . the whole thing be a complete palaver but elton keep a beam smile on he face then sit at the table with Sheila and Fred . face by he mother he be weak and child like . sheila that poor renate . such a lovely * woman , divorce can be so painful . * you be look well ! * elton * I suppose , yes . * pink Rev. ( 08/22/18 ) White shoot 91a . sheila anyway darling , celebration be on order , we have find a lovely villa by the sea , it have be good if you would talk to John today to get the money arrange . can not risk lose it . fred it 's in minorca . we love it there . + eh HH * ( 08/22/18 ) White shoot elton minorca ?! what do you want to go to go there for ? sheila because you be drive I away . elton one little slip about the Jews and everyone get hysterical . sheila it be not just they . you have insulted everybody and I be the one who have to hear about it . fred every time we pick up a paper there 's something in it about the drink and drug . you be break you mother 's heart . elton I all write she a cheque , she can buy a new one ! sheila how dare you Reggie ! elton I be not fuck , Reggie ! I be elton hercules John . who in they right mind call they son reginald dwight !? sheila how could you say something like that to I when I have give up so much for you !? elton what ? what have you give up for I ? sheila how about you father for a start ! elton you heartless monster ! I do not live life in black and white . I do not want you fuck up frigid idea about anything . I be sick of run away from who I be . there 's nothing wrong with success or pleasure . ( more ) 92 . * * ( 08/22/18 ) White shoot 92a . elton ( cont 'd ) why be I apologize for it ? so I fuck everything that move and take every drug know to man . I enjoy every last minute of it . sheila you have never have to work hard for a bloody thing in you life . ever since you first dangle you leg in front of a piano you have be lucky . it all just come to you and we be the one who to suffer . I should never of have child . do you know how disappoint it be to be you mother ? + eh HH HH 155 156 pink Rev. ( 08/22/18 ) White shoot 93. elton what have I get to do to make you love I ? what have I get to do to make you care ? what do I do when lightning strike I ? and I wake to find that you be not there ? elton get up from the table and walk through the restaurant to the toilet . int . flash restaurant , toilet - night 155 elton enter and splashes water on he face and sing into the mirror . elton what have I get to do to make you want I ? what have I get to do to be hear ? what do I say when it 's all over ? and sorry seem to be the hardest word . int . flash restaurant , london - night 156 elton come out of the toilet and walk back to he table . as he do the restaurant punter sing although they do not look at elton . punter it 's sad , so sad ( so sad ) it 's a sad , sad situation and it 's get more and more absurd . it 's sad , so sad ( so sad ) why can not they talk it over ? elton oh it seem to I . that sorry seem to be the hardest word . elton sit down . he turn to a waiter : White shoot 94 . elton ( cont 'd ) bring two chocolate pudding , a raspberry fool and a apple pie . waiter what kind of ice cream would you like ? elton all of they . elton look up and bernie sit opposite he . bernie where 's reid nowadays ? elton do it matter ? he hate my gut . bernie nobody hate you , elton . elton pour himself a big drink and downs it . bernie ( cont 'd ) nobody except you . elton what be you do here , bernie !? you fuck off when it suite . now you come crawl back to lecture I . from the first moment we get somewhere , you decide to leave I and go fuck some tart . some trollop be more important to you than I and all that legend who where welcoming we in . you leave I at the most important time ! I go to tower record on my own , bernie because if I have have wait for you , it would have be too late ! the waiter bring the dessert and ice cream and elton eat . bernie when do you give up , reg ? when do you stop be in control ? if you do not care about yourself how do you expect anyone else too ? elton whenever I have need you most you be not there . I work my ball off to get we out of the shit . ( more ) 157 158 White shoot 95 . elton ( cont 'd ) Day in , day out , for year . and now I be the one who can not walk the street ! I be the one who do not have a life . I do not get to sit around and chew on a fuck pencil with my foot up on a desk . bernie '' write the lyric bernie and I '1l take care of everything else '' . elton it be a test you selfish prick ! you should have know that ! elton eat and drink more . bernie stare at he old friend heartbroken . elton eat and drink more . cue : intro to ' goodbye yellow brick road '. bernie when be you gonna come down . when be you go to land . I should have stay on the farm . I should have listen to my old man . bernie get up and walk out of the restaurant . elton start to follow he . elton where the fuck be you go ? ext . piccadilly , london - night 157 bernie walk down the middle of the road . elton follow he out . bernie you know you can not hold I forever . I do not sign up with you . I be not a present for you friend to open . this boy 's too young to be sing the blue . bernie hail a taxi and get in . int . taxi , london - night 158 bernie sing in the back of the taxi . 159 160 161 162 White shoot 96 . bernie so goodbye yellow brick road . where the dog of society howl . you can not plant I in you penthouse . I be go back to my plough . back to the howling old owl in the wood . hunting the horny back toad . oh I have finally decide my future lie . Beyond the yellow brick road . ext . STREET , london - night 159 elton stand in the street and watch bernie go . elton coward . the same as always . leave I when thing get too real . int . woodside mansion , kitchen - night 160 elton enter and collapse . he crawl to the bottom of the stair , curl up into a ball and cry . elton you idiot , you idiot , you fuck idiot . what the fuck be you do ? staff walk past but think it 's best to leave he where he be . int . woodside mansion , bathroom - night 161 elton run in and puke in the toilet . int . woodside mansion , master bedroom - night 162 elton slam the door . he take the briefcase and hurry to he desk . he hastily cut a enormous line and snort it . elton I ’1ll show they . i’1l get well . I x11 get clean and fuck show he . bernie betray I , everyone do . no one want you when you lose . ha ! fuck they . i’1l get so clean they will fuck shit ... he start to shake . he stagger up from the desk . shake . he be have a fit . Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 97 . elton ( cont 'd ) oh fuck . oh fuck . he stagger to the top of the stair . 163 int . woodside mansion , staircase - night 163 elton pass out and slide face first down the staircase . he come to a stop at the bottom and can not move . dribble and sputum run from he mouth and nose . his eye roll back in he head . 164 int . limo - night 164 reid talk on the phone . reid I be on my way to see he now . it 's a chest infection , Mac . he 's go to be fine . how be ticket sale ? great . add five more night . let I worry about that . I always get he up and run . he ’1ll be there . 165 int . elton 's private hospital room - night 165 a nurse attend to elton who be in bed look grey wire up to lot of machine . elton 's eye flicker open . nurse how be you feel ? elton the heart attack after the cocaine seizure be a bit of a shock but otherwise fine . nurse there be place you can go , you know , where they can help you with addiction . elton I do not need any help . reid open the door and the nurse go and keep he from enter . nurse he 's not awake yet I be afraid . + % + h fh HH * 165a yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 97a . reid when can he get out ? nurse you ’1ll have to talk to Dr. Vaughn about that . reid right . make sure he be not disturb . he 's not allow any visitor . nurse he have not have any . no one 's be in to see he . reid right . good . reid go and the nurse turn off the light and leave too . the sound of '' elton , elton , elton '' fade up . int . hospital reception - day 165 a elton be at the counter while a nurse get together he prescription . as she talk he through what - do - what he attention be draw by the tv . there be the Ted coppal interview with Ryan white on . nurse ( 0.s. ) this be for you blood pressure . you will need to take 3 a day . this be oxycodone , you need to be careful with this , it 's a pain reliever but they be very strong . now , for the anxiety and tremor I be go to give you valium and diazipam , please keep to the prescribe dose as they can cause a dependency . I have also book you in with Dr. Vaughn next week to assess you irregular heartbeat . as elton watch the tv in horror . Hugh walk up . hugh wow ! that be quick ! how you feel ? elton the heart attack after the cocaine seizure be a bit of a shock . * +e + h HH hhh hk * * * yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 97b . Hugh smile and shake he head . elton ( cont 'd ) what be you do here hugh ? hugh it 's normal to come and see friend when they go into hospital . elton well , you have see I . I be all better . hugh really ? Cause you look like shit ! the tv coverage of Ryan White play on and elton look at it . elton and Hugh sit . elton this kid break my heart . hugh he 's not go down without a fight . elton why do not he scream and shout about the shitty hand he 's be deal ? hugh what difference would it make ? he obviously think there 's something better he can do with the time he 's get leave . elton what be you say ? hugh nothing . just a observation . elton when do you get so fuck philosophical ? hugh I be in rehab . it put a different perspective on thing . you should try it . elton what ? + % +e + h fh + fx hf * yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 97c . hugh you hear . it 's time to stop the self pity and get on with it . elton I do not need that kind of help . hugh yes you do . you be a alcoholic , cocaine addict with sex issue . where be you go now ? elton I have show in NYC . rehab will have to wait because my fan will not . hugh they x11 still buy you record if you take two week off . elton you have no fuck idea what you be talk about . stick to be a dancer or whatever it be you do . elton take he big bag of prescription pill and go . * +h of + % + % +e 166 167 168 White shoot 98. int . madison square garden , dressing rrom - night 166 elton sit at he dress table surround by good luck card and flower . he look a bit better but not much . Three young guy all hang around drink . they all have gold watch and look a little like past boyfriend . it look very similar to elvis 's dress room and entourage . elton stare at they . one of they notice . 1st hanger - on do you need a hand get you boot on ? elton what ? er , no . how many be in tonight ? he ignore elton and carry on drink and talk . elton stare at himself in the mirror . he slowly get up and go into the bathroom . int . madison square garden , bathroom - night 167 he go to the sink and rack out a line . he take a sniff and when he come back up he see , on the loo , trousers down , a cadaverous elvis . elton leap back in horror . elton look at the dead eye elvis on the toilet . elton spin back to reality and look at himself in the mirror . he 's pale and have trouble breathe . elton oh fuck . int . madison square garden , dressing rrom - night 168 elton step back into the room but no one take any notice of he . he sit again at the mirror . the chant still go on . he look at the useless hanger on he have there and no friend . ' Goodbye yellow Brick Road '. elton so what do you think you will do then ? I bet that will shoot down the plane . it will take I a couple of vodka and tonic to set I on my foot again . elton get up as he sing and walk out of the dress room . the guy all look confuse . 169 170 171 White shoot 99 . young guy you be on in five minute . elton carry on . ext . madison square garden , side alley - night 169 elton exit through a fire door and one of the guy follow he out and watch elton walk away as he sing . elton maybe you will get a replacement there 's plenty like I to be find mongrel who be not get a penny , sniff for tidbit like you on the ground . elton walk on and go into the night leave the hanger on behind . ext . madison square garden , - night 170 elton walk out into the street and carry on walk away from the stadium . the neon light glow behind he . elton so goodbye yellow brick road where the dog of society howl you can not plant I in you penthouse . I be go back to my plough . back to the howling old owl in the wood . hunting the horny back toad . oh , I have finally decide my future lie . Beyond the yellow brick road . a yellow taxi pull up besides he and elton get in . int . NYC taxi - night 171 elton sit in the middle of the back seat and sing directly to we . elton so goodbye yellow brick road where the dog of society howl you can not plant I in you penthouse . I be go back to my plough . back to the howling old owl in the wood . ( more ) 172 173 174 175 176 177 White shoot 100 . elton ( cont 'd ) hunting the horny back toad . oh , I have finally decide my future lie . I have finally decide my future lie I have finally decide my future lie Beyond the yellow brick road ext . NYC street - night 172 the taxi drive off as the music play on . ext . american countryside - sunrise 173 the taxi drive on as the sunrise . ext . parkland hospital - day 174 the taxi pull up . elton , still in he stage costume get out at a leafy upstate , private hospital . people stare amaze . int . corridor , parkland hospital - day 175 elton walk down the corridor . int . therapy room , parkland hospital - day 176 elton half in he mad costume have come full circle . Close up as tear roll down he face . he be back at the last time we see he in rehab . he have tell he story . he look round at the face of the other patient . he have get to the end . the first day of he recovery . int . bedroom , parkland hospital - day 177 elton stripped off look at himself naked in a mirror . he put on he regulation grey uniform . a counselor appear . elton I do not know if I can do this . counselor nobody make you stay . the choice be yours . choose who you want to be . the counselor hand he a pile of clothes . 178 179 180 yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 101 . counselor ( cont 'd ) we all do chore here . the laundry 's down the hall . int . laundry room , parkland hospital - day 178 elton come in . a old lady be there . he smile as she change a load of wash . elton look at the row of machine . he have never do wash in he life . he look at the coin - op system , press a few button , but be unable to get the door open . elton be this break ? the old lady press the door release button and it spring open . elton put the wash in the machine . the old lady put a quarter in for elton and fill it with soap powder . the machine whirl into action and elton sit down humiliate . the old lady sit down and read she book . elton stare at the machine . a radio play a elton John song . the old lady get up and turn it off . elton sit . his hand be shaky . the old lady sit next to elton and they watch the wash spin round . elton ( cont 'd ) I think I be go to like it here . int . elton 's room , parkland hospital - day 179 elton be alone . he now really suffer the effect of withdrawal . he start to sweat and shake . he look very ill . he catch sight of himself in the mirror and be horrify . int . therapy room , parkland hospital - day 180 elton face the group . a long pause . elton there be always someone better than I . better look . more talented . catchier song , whiter tooth , bigger hair . for as long as I can remember I have hate myself . believe I would never be love . counselor there be a moment where we have to forgive ourselves . elton look serious . * yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 102 . elton I start act like a cunt in ' 75 and forget to stop . I be ashamed of myself . I have spend so long be resentful about thing that do not matter the group all nod in agreement and elton smile to himself . elton ( cont 'd ) I should have try to be more ordinary . ivy you be never ordinary ! elton swing round and see ivy who be sit amongst the group as if nothing be out of the ordinary . they smile at each other . sheila look at you - in here ! you really be a loser . therapy 's a waste of time . elton swing round in the other direction to see that it 's Sheila dress in she 60' outfit . elton you only put up with I for my money . I be nothing but a burden to you before that . suddenly ' Hugh 's be there . hugh I do not realise how ready you be for all this . elton I do not know if I be to be honest but when I think of Ryan , he death ... I have watch friend and lover all die horribly and he do so much and I have do nothing . it 's time to stop the self pity and get on with it . in the reverse angle we see from behind the circle the real patient look at elton . now he scan the room and see along with ivy and Sheila be Fred , bernie , reid and stanley . reid the problem be you be selfish . + * * + % + HH hf yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 102a . elton walk up to reid . elton my ' problem 's be I believe you love I . I give you everything to try and keep what I never really have . fred I always think you be a introverted extrovert with abandonment issue . sheila you what ? +e + % yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 103. ivy he 's shy . he 's always be shy . fred it 's why he love all that dress up . sheila that 's all he father fault . stanley do not blame I . he would have be strange regardless . sheila oh god . not you . elton mum . shut up !! sheila you be go to miss I when I be dead . elton I be not go to allow you to talk to I like this anymore . it 's go to stop . bernie step forward bernie it 's about time you say that . elton soften as he see he true friend . elton better late than never . sorry bernie , I never .... bernie ah , ah , ah ! I love you man . always have , always will . bernie smile . Ray william step forward out of the shadow and smile . ray you know , I still cry like a baby every time I hear ' you song 's . can not help it . + % +e * +e yellow Rev. ( 10/24/18 ) White shoot 103a . then Wilson step up . wilson I be proud of you man . there 's a little bit of you in every song you write . not bad for a fat kid from pinner . Richard be there too . richard not bad for a virgin back stage kiss . arabella too . arabella I love tell people you where my lodger . you still owe I six pound in rent by the way . reid he do not know who the hell he be . elton yes , I do ! I be elton hercules John ! a young voice break through + * #* * h * +e 181 182 White shoot 104 . reggie ( 0.s. ) I think you be Reggie dwight . they all turn and stare at little Reggie who stand in the middle of the chair . elton walk to Reggie and kneel down . the boy hold out he hand and touch elton 's cheek , as if to see that he be real . elton I have not be Reggie dwight for year . behind elton the group on chair be make up of the real patient in therapy as they watch elton cry . Reggie stand in front of they . reggie when be you go to hug I ? slowly elton put he arm around the tiny figure and pull he close . int . elton 's room , parkland hospital - day 181 elton by himself . he look transformed . clean , healthy , clear head . he look in the mirror . elton put on a boater hat and smile at we . he sing slowly : intro : '' I ’m still stand '' elton you could never know what it 's like . you blood like winter freeze just like ice . and there 's a cold lonely light that shine from you . you 'il wind up like the wreck you hide behind that mask you use . int . corridor , parkland hospital - day 182 elton walk down the corridor , sing . elton and do you think this fool could never win . well look at I , I be come back again . I get a taste of life in a simple way . and if you need to know why I be still stand you just fade away . 183 184 Blue Rev. ( 07/31/18 ) White shoot 105 . int . therapy room , parkland hospital - day 183 elton walk through in to the room . the group be all there with bernie . everyone look bright and happy . the beautiful song pick up the tempo and a dance number break out . elton do not you know I be still stand better than I ever do . look like a true survivor , feel like a little kid . I be still stand after all this time . pick up the piece of my life , my heart , my soul , my mind . bernie once I never coulda hope to win . you start down the road leave I no friend . the threat you make be mean to cut I down . and if love be just a circus you have be a clown by now . elton hug bernie and wave to the group and walk out . int . corridor , parkland hospital - day 184 elton dance along the corridor with the group behind as he sing . elton you know I be still stand better than I ever do . look like a true survivor , feel like a little kid . I be still stand after all this time . pick up the piece of my life without you on my mind . he get to large double door , turn and smile at we then he throw the door open . sunlight burst in and elton be silhouett in the frame . p.s. scene of the real e.j and the joy of he life since rehab . marv rocket lata sal ) = 1 aeg oper cae Mr ee cea