" rocky " by sylvester stallone ring production , inc . master script : include all revision as of 1/7/76 revised : int . blue door fight club - night superimpose over action ... " november 12 , 1975 - philadelphia " ... the club itself resemble a large unempty trash -can . the box ring be extra small to insure constant battle . the light overhead have barely enough wattage to see who be fight . in the ring be two heavyweight , one white the other black . the white fighter be rocky balboa . he be thirty year old . his face be scar and thick around the nose ... his black hair shine and hang in he eye . Rocky fight in a plodd , machine - like style . the black fighter dance and bang combination into Rocky 's face with great accuracy . but the punch do not even cause Rocky to blink ... he grin at he opponent and keep grind ahead . the people at ringside sit on fold chair and clamor for blood ... they lean out of they seat and heckle the fighter . in the thick smoke they resemble spectre . everyone be hustling bet ... the action be even heavier in the balcony . a housewife yell for somebody to cover a two dollar bet . the bell ring and the fighter return to they corner ... somebody heave a beer can into the ring . the Black fighter spit something red in a bucket and sneer across the ring at Rocky . black fighter ( to cornerman ) ... I be gonna bust he head wide open ! in Rocky 's corner he be be assist by a shrivel , bald cornerman , who be a employee of the club ... he work on Rocky without any enthusiasm . cornerman ( lackluster ) ... ya waltzin ' -- give the sucker some action . rocky hey -- cornerman ( override ) ya movin ' like a bum -- want some advice -- rocky ... just gimme the water . 2 . a fight fan rush up to Rocky ... he be sixty - five , with yellow tooth and wear sunglass . fan should I bet the fight do not go the distance -- ya feel strong ? rocky absolutely . cornerman ... ya want some good advice ? rocky ... I just want the mouthpiece . the bell ring ... Rocky make the sign of the cross . the fighter engage in battle . the other fighter grab Rocky in a clinch and purposely butt he ... the butt open a bleed cut on the corner of Rocky 's eye . Rocky become furious over the foul and drive a flurry into the man 's body ... Rocky slam the man on the jaw and the fighter be out for the night . the fan throw rubbish into the ring . Rocky ignore it . the fan loudly go about collect bet . the referee do not bother to even count the fighter out and drag he under the rope where he be place on a stretcher . two new fighter enter the ring . Rocky slip on a tatter robe . embroider clumsily on the back be , " the italian stallion . " announcer winner , Rocky balboa -- next a six rounder between local lightweight . without pomp Rocky climb out of the ring and bum a cigarette from a spectator ... the fighter on the stretcher pass behind he . he watch for a moment and continue up the aisle ... before he even reach the rear of the club the bell ring and the next fight have already begin ... Rocky fade into the darkness of the rear of the club . the title credit end : int . dressing room - night Rocky have nearly complete dress and reach into he locker for he hat ... also in the dingy room be ten other fighter ... two tape fighter talk shop in the corner . 3. fighter # 1 ... tomorrow I a ' my woman be gonna tip on down to Atlantic City , man . fighter # 2 ... it 's cold , bro ' . fighter # 1 ... that 's right , I get the city to myself ... another pace nervously ... two other fighter shadowbox and spit nervously on the floor . a young pug comb he hair and listen to a portable radio that be blasting music . the fighter that Rocky have just defeat be drink a beer and joke with three other fighter ... some of the fighter be smoking . the room be cloudy . a short man of fifty enter . he be dress in a sweater buttone over a t-shirt . promoter ... balboa !? Rocky raise he head . the promoter step over . promoter ( continue ) ... twenty buck for the locker a ' cornerman -- two buck for the towel a ' shower , seven for tax -- the house owe ya , sixty - one dollar . the man peel off the money and depart ... Rocky close he locker , nod to the defeat fighter , and leave . int . trolley - night Rocky be on the trolley head to South Philly ... the trolley be empty except for a thin old black woman ... the black woman study Rocky 's bruise face ... Rocky become self - conscious . rocky ( almost apologetic ) I be a fighter . 4. woman ( tired ) ... yo ' iz a accident . ext . STREET - night Rocky exit the trolley and walk down the block ... he wave at a pair of high - heele hooker and they wave back . Rocky pass a sleep wino curl in front of a dirty bookstore . Rocky drag the man into a protective passageway . further down the street , Rocky pause in front of the " animal town pet shop " ... he peer into the dark store and see a sad , huge dog sit in the window . he mumble to the dog and continue to the corner . ext . rocky's apartment - night a short while later , Rocky approach he apartment locate in the most deprive section of South Philly . he kick away the litter that have gather against the apartment step and enter . int . rocky's hallway - night the narrow hallway be paint olive brown . a single light bulb illuminate the gloomy corridor . int . rocky's apartment - night Rocky enter . the one-room apartment be drab , with a curling box poster of Rocky marciano tack on the wall ... naile against the far wall be a mattress . the mattress be use as a punch bag . stuff spill out of the center . Rocky drop he coat on the floor . he put on a pair of glass . he cross to a small turtle bowl ... he lift the creature . rocky ... look who 's home . Rocky start to boil a pan of water on he hot plate , then place a old 45 rpm record on a batter phonograph . the record be a tune , " all in the game . " ... as the crackling music begins , Rocky pick up he hairbrush . use it like a microphone , he mime to the record . he assume the posture of a famous singer croon to thousand of ador fan ... he then switch into a bullish fight stance and throw several punch . the water boil . Rocky soak he badly - swollen hand . 5 . ext . sunrise of philadelphia skyline - dawn we see the jag skyline , highlight by the tower figure of William Penn that rise above the dawn haze as it sit majestically above City Hall ... ext . dock - early morning Rocky be walk along the waterfront ... he have a bandaid over one eye . he look at the rugge stevedore go about they business ... he stuff he hand in he cheap wool jacket and approach a ship be unload . Rocky pass two thick mafia type lean against a park car . this man look like blood drinker . mafia # 1 yo , rock -- how 's you boss ? rocky Real good . mafia # 2 fightin ' again ? rocky yeah , here a ' there . mafia # 1 mebbe we make sum money togather soon ... give ya boss my best . Rocky shrug and move away ... he near a heavy man work the crane . the heavy man look frighten ... he stop the crane and hurry into the ship 's hole . Rocky dash up the gangplank . int . ship - day the man enter the ship 's hole and run past ton of stack crate and coffee bean . Rocky sprint after he ... he lunge and fling the man by the neck against the wall of stack cargo . fat ( terror-filled ) do not hit the face ! not the face !! rocky Mr. gazzo want the two hundred now ! 6 . fat honest to God I be break -- gimme a break . rocky Mr. gazzo say I should get two hundred or break the thumb . fat please , I need my hand to work -- Christ , do not bust my thumb . at wit ' end the man pick up a large metal hook use by stevedore . Rocky remain cool . rocky goin ' fishin ' ? the man drop the hook . rocky what 's ya name again ? fat bob. rocky look , Bob , if ya wanna dance , ya gotta pay the band -- if ya borrow , ya gotta pay the man ... I , I be not emotionally involved . Rocky 's determine expression strike home . the fat man quickly fumble through he pocket and hand over a small wad of bill . rocky ( continue ; count ) a hundred a ' thirty . fat that 's it , I be break . rocky that 's it ? -- completely ? fat that 's it . rocky what about for food a ' stuff ? 7. fat you have my food in ya hand . Rocky look almost sympathetically into the fat man 's flushed expression . rocky ... the juice be climbin ' every week . fat I know the juice be climbin ' -- I be workin ' six month just to pay the damn interest . rocky ya still light seventy . fat wait ! -- be smart . ya do not have to break nothin ' -- here , take my coat , it 's worth fifty - sixty dollar . it 's yours . the man quickly remove he coat and extend it ... fat ( continue ) see , ya a smart guy , gazzo 's do not have to know nuthin' . I will go tape up the hand like ya break my thumb . gazzo will not be wise to nothin ' -- be a smart guy , keep the coat , we will fake like ya break the hand . the man extend he coat again ... Rocky suddenly grab the man 's thumb and bend he to he knee . fat ( almost a whisper ) no - no - no - please - please - please do not ... Rocky release the man who remain almost in shock . the thumb be fine . rocky ... that 's what coulda happen . ( walk off . ) 8. ext . STREET - day later that morning Rocky pass " Animal town Pet shop " in South Philly ... the shop be not very prosperous look . in the window hang a sign read " today 's special -- mix kitten -- $ 1.50 " ... Rocky stop at this shop every morning . he stare at a litter of lhasa apsa puppy . he tap the window and whistle . he sees a girl behind the counter and press he face against the window and do he impression of the hunchback of Notre Dame . the girl nervously look away . the girl behind the counter be adrian klein . she be not very attractive , but pleasant- look . thirty year old . Brown hair pull back . Light skinned . she wear glass . Rocky really stop by to flirt with adrian , but she be so painfully shy nothing ever get start ... Rocky enter . int . pet shop - day adrian ... could you take the puppy out -- customer it can breathe . adrian please - customer please , nothin ' - I pay for this dog and can do whatever I want with it - I can throw it through the window if I want - now give I my two dollar back before I do throw it through the window . Rocky walk over to she , stare hard in she face and snatch the bag out of she hand . he remove the puppy and hand it to adrian . customer get away from I - give I that ! Rocky take a couple dollar out of he pocket and hand it to the lady ... she nervously exit . rocky ... how 's the turtle food this week ? 9 . adrian ... Fine . rocky I , I be kinda aggravate . adrian ... I be sorry . rocky ai not you fault - here 's the problem . adrian nod ... though charme , she be slightly intimidate . rocky the last food I get here have more moth than fly -- a ' the moth get catch in my turtle 's throat -- that make they cough -- the owner , a squat woman of forty , step out of the back and wave at Rocky . rocky ( continue ) yo , gloria -- I be talkin ' about the turtle food -- like I be sayin ' , the moth get catch in the turtle 's throat a ' make them cough ... ( cough ) a little cough a ' I gotta smack them on the shell -- a ' whatta think they get ? adrian shrug . rocky ( continue ) I smack them hard on the shell a ' they get ... what ? adrian ... I do not know . rocky Shell -shock ! both the owner and adrian smile . 10 . owner startin ' with the bad joke early today , huh . rocky inventin ' joke be not easy . Rocky step over to a large cage at the rear of the shop ... Inside be a huge dog . rocky ( continue ) how 's butkus this mornin ' ? owner ai not have time to check them . Rocky open the cage and the large dog jump out and look very happy . rocky yo , butkus -- Dead . play dead . the dog play dead . rocky ... what kinda dog be this again ? owner bullmastiff . rocky the owner be suppose to pick he up three week ago . owner we be not responsible for animal leave over thirty day - we board it be not a animal shelter , y'know . ... adrian , I want you to clean all that cat cage downstairs , they be a mess . ( adrian nod . ) Rocky wave goodbye to adrian and exit the shop . ext . lehigh ST . train trestle - day gazzo pick up Rocky . 11 . int . gazio' car - moving - day mr . gazzo and he young body guard sit in the front seat ... Rocky be in the back seat . rocky he only have a hundred a ' thirty . -- I think he 's good for the rest next week , Mr. gazzo . gazzo ( patiently ) sure , Rocky , Bob 's good for it ... gazzo hand Rocky a twenty . gazzo tomorrow collect from Del Rio -- he 's late three week . how would you do last night ? rocky ... Fine . gazzo 's bodyguard look at Rocky 's bruise face in the mirror and smile . bodyguard do ya get the license number ? rocky of wa ? bodyguard ... of the truck that run over you face . gazzo step out of the car and beckon to Rocky . gazzo yo rock . do I give you a job this mornin ? how come ya do not break this guy 's thumb like I ask ya ? when ya do not do what ya be tell , it make I look bad , kid . rocky I figure if I break the thumb this guy get throw outta he job and can not pay nothin no more . 12 . gazzo it do not matter . it 's my reputation . this guy think they can get off light . it 's bad for my reputation -- it 's bad for business . see ya killer . gazzo get into he car . gazzo ( to bodyguard ) ... the rock 's a good kid . bodyguard ( emotionless ) ... a meatbag . they pull away . ext . gym - day gazzo drive off and Rocky stroll across the street to goldmill 's gym . on the way he pass several familiar people and exchange wave ... out front be a young irishman who run a soft pretzel stand ... his name be rudy . it be apparent from he face he be a prize fighter ... he be blind and mentally defective . rudy ... see the fight last night ? rudy Nah , I be fightin ' myself . rudy Apollo creed beat the bum to piece . ext. / int . gym - day mickey 's gym be surround by bar and a couple of greasy spoon . out front a crowd of young black talk and jive among themselves . two wino lean against the entrance . Rocky enter the gym ... the place be nearly full . the measure beat of skip rope and throbbing speed bag make the room come alive , like it be a mindless piece of machinery . over the loudspeaker music by the isley Brothers blare out ... the music add a background to the clang of the automatic timer , snorting sparring partner and the thudding of heavy bag . 13 . the room be divide -- fifty percent Black -- thirty - five percent Latin -- ten percent white -- five percent other . as Rocky walk through the gym many of the fighter pause to wave and yell greeting . fighter # 1 hey , hear ya knock spider Rice out in the sixth ? rocky the third -- shoulda see it . Rocky pass another fighter punch the heavy bag . fighter # 2 ( remove glove ) hey , rock , touch my hand . rocky how come ? fighter # 2 c'mon , it 's important . Rocky touch the fighter 's bare hand . fighter # 2 ( continue ) can ya tell I just whacked - off ? Rocky smile and move away . int . dressing room - day the dress room be line with dent locker . wooden bench stretch across the room . on the wall be a sign that read , " no kissing . " Rocky go to he locker . he try to open it but fail . he lean he ear against the lock and roll the tumbler . still it do not open . he shake the lock forcefully , no luck ... Rocky be flustered and sit on a bench to ponder the situation . after a moment of deep think , Rocky stand , seize the bench and smashes open the lock . open the door Rocky be take aback when he see a set of very flashy clothes . rocky ( mumble ) ... this be not my clothes . 14 . he see a picture of several black girl tape on the inside of the door . rocky ( continue ) ... this be not my picture . a short powerful man of thirty - five enter . his hair look like it have be shape with hedge clipper . his name be mike . rocky yo , Mike -- what 's happenin ' here ? mike it be not you locker no more . rocky whatta ya talkin ' about it be not my locker no more ? mike listen , I be with you -- but ya gotta talk to mickey -- I put ya stuff in the bag over there . Rocky look at he belonging cramme in a wilted shopping bag and follow Mike across the room ... Mike lean he head into the shower room . two Latin fighter be lather up . fighter ... hey , peanut , gimme some soap , man . mike ( irate ) hey , nobody -- yeah , you , nobody -- you do not call I peanut . fighter peanut , gimme some soap . the fighter laugh . inflame , Mike remove a bar of soap from he pocket and hurl it at the insulting fighter . it hit just above the man 's head . the fighter be shocked into silence . Mike turn and exit with Rocky ... the fighter curse they loudly in Spanish . 15 . int . gym - day Rocky and Mike move past fighter go through they training routine . rocky you be ready to bite that guy 's face . mike yeah -- see the fight last night ? Apollo creed beat that English guy bad . rocky creed 's great . Mike fake a friendly punch at Rocky and hurry off to another chore ... int . gym - day the owner , mickey , sit on a stool near the entrance . he wear a baggy suit ... he be in he late seventies . Rocky approach ... mickey be converse with another fighter . mickey I do not care what nobody say , this bum creed woulda never make it in the thirties -- rocky hey , how ya feelin ' , mickey ? mickey ( monotone ) ... what ? rocky I say , how ya feelin' ? mickey ( dryly ) do you see I talkin ' ? huh ? rocky ( low ) yeah . 16 . mickey ( spitting ) then stand there a ' wait till I be do -- creed 's good , yeah , he 's real fine but I gotta boy , y'know Big dipper , who 's get the stuff it take to be a champ -- he 's mean , quick , a ' big -- what more d'ya need ? okay , go to work ... ( to Rocky ) hey -- yeah -- whatta ya want ? rocky I be talkin ' with ya man , Mike . -- hey , how come I be put outta my locker ? mickey dipper need it . Rocky turn and look at dipper sparring ... dipper be a young , muscular heavyweight with a mean expression . mickey ( continue ) dipper 's a climber -- you be a tomato . rocky ... tomato ? mickey fact be fact . I run a business here -- I be cleanin ' house -- mickey pause to watch a young middleweight time - skip as he trainer sing " fascinatin ' rhythm . " mickey ( continue ) how old be ya ? rocky ... what ? mickey how old ? rocky come July , twenty - five . 17 . mickey more like thirty . rocky twenty -five , thirty -- what 's the difference ? -- it take I two month to learn the combination of that locker . mickey the leg must be goin ' . rocky yeah , they be goin ' , -- that 's nature ... that be my locker for six year . mickey ... do ya fight last night ? rocky yeah -- mickey do ya win ? rocky yeah , kayo . mickey ... who would ya fight ? rocky spider Rice . mickey Rice be a bum . rocky you think everybody I fight be a bum . mickey ai not they ? mickey shoot Rocky a quick , indifferent look and remove a rosary from he pocket and idly roll it around he finger . 18. mickey ( continue ) ya want the truth -- ya get heart , but ya fight like a ape -- the only thing special about you be ya never get ya nose break -- keep ya nose pretty -- what 's leave of ya brain a ' retire . rocky listen , I be gonna take a steam -- do good last night -- shoulda see it . mickey hey , ever think about retirin ' ? rocky ... no . mickey think about it . rocky yeah , sure . shrugge , Rocky move away . rocky ( continue ) ... I think I be gonna take a steam -- shoulda see I fight -- do good , y'know . mickey lean over to Mike who approach with a mop and pail . mickey ( gesture towards Rocky ) known he since he be fifteen -- a waste of life . dejected , Rocky travel to the locker room . he pass Big dipper sparring in a ring ... dipper spit a mouthful of water in a bucket and look smugly at Rocky . dipper ( to Rocky ) ... I dig yo ' locker , man . trainer time , dipper . 19 . dipper smile cruelly and begin sparring ... scene fade on Rocky 's crestfallen expression . he move off . ext . pet shop - dusk at sunset Rocky come down the street and pause at the pet shop ... he be eat Colonel Sanders ' fry chicken out of a bag ... he tap on the window with a chicken bone . int . pet shop - dusk Inside adrian be arrange pet toy on the counter ... she hear the tapping , see Rocky , and tense . Rocky enter . rocky ... wow -- cold ! good night to catch pneumonia . adrian smile slightly and move behind the counter . Rocky fumble idly among the pet toy . rocky ( continue ) ah -- I come in here for something ' ... oh , yeah , would ya like somebody to walk ya home ? the girl want to say yes but a tremendous inferiority complex will not permit it ... Rocky understand . rocky ( continue ) hey , how 's my buddy doin ' ? ( look into butkus ' cage ) -- Nice dog -- well , I will see ya later . adrian ... goodnight , Rocky . Rocky exit . adrian watch he departure with mix emotion . ext . andy be bar - night a short while later Rocky arrive at Andy 's bar ... he throw the Colonel Sanders bag and bone in a large public litter can . the trash can have a bicentennial picture of George Washington point at a pile of garbage . the caption read , " there be no litter at Valley Forge ! " 20 . int . andy be bar - night Rocky enter the bar . he sit the drunk in a booth ... several drinker wave at he . old andy set a mug of beer in front of he ... Rocky seem to be look for someone . rocky catch pneumonia out there -- see paulie ? Andy casually nod towards the men' room . Rocky traverse the room and pass two drunk lean on the bar . int . andy'' restroom - night Rocky enter the restroom ... it be a vile stench hole with year of the remnant of many sick drunk cake on the wall . paulie be presently try to comb he hair in the only remain piece of mirror in the room ... paulie be in he early thirty . he be medium height . Brown hair . Square shoulder . he have a foul personality ... a classic misanthrope . rocky yo , paulie . paulie ( very drunk ) yo , Rocky -- look at this mirror . I would like to kill the friggin ' moron who break this mirror . rocky yo , paulie . paulie what ? rocky you sister 's givin ' I the shoulder . paulie forget she . you could do better than my sister . rocky every mornin ' , every night I pass by -- I smile . ( more ) 21 . rocky ( cont 'd ) I say joke . nothin ' . she look at I . paulie ( annoyed ) look , huh ? rocky yeah , like I be a plate of leftover -- somethin ' wrong with my face -- whatta I need , a caddy to connect with ya sister ? paulie my sister 's a friggin ' loser . rocky hey -- paulie sometimes she get I so crazy , I would like to split she head with a razor . rocky do not get mental , man . paulie ya catch I in a bad mood . rocky ya always in a bad mood -- paulie ... adrian be not sharp . the restroom stench be overwhelming ... Rocky cover he nose with the neckline of he t-shirt . paulie ( continue ) she 's a loser -- she do not enjoy life -- she read -- brainy -- pushin ' thirty friggin ' year old ! she 's gonna die alone if she do not wise up . rocky I be thirty myself . 22. paulie a ' you be dyin ' alone , too . rocky I do not see no crowd around you , neither . paulie ( point at the wall ) I wanna kill the friggin ' moron who break the mirror . rocky let 's get outta this stink . int . andy be bar - night the restroom door open . Rocky guide paulie out . though stumbling , paulie talk as he walk . paulie the girl 's dryin ' up ! she 's gotta live a little before she body dry up !! you be a pal , rock -- how ' bout yo ' talk to she ? y'know , it 's thanksgivin ' tomorrow . rocky ... sure . paulie tomorrow you come for some bird , right ? rocky absolutely ... paulie smile and Rocky guide he to a booth ... Rocky step to the bar . Andy lean over to he . andy that be alotta crap to go through for a dinner invite . Rocky shake he head no and raise he eye towards a suspend television ... the nightly sport broadcast be on . the sport commentator be at the airport and about to interview the heavyweight champion of the world , apollo creed . creed be twenty - eight year old . he be a tall , smooth - muscle Black with barely a scar on he light coffee - color face ... 23. he be follow by a entourage of mix trainer and cornerman . also tagging alone be a small group of hanger - on . the commentator interview creed as he and he follower disembark a private jet . commentator how be the flight , champ ? apollo very high a ' very fast . Apollo 's crowd smile almost automatically at everything he say . commentator Apollo , how would you rate this last british challenger , Henry wilcoxson ? apollo he be big , a ' very nasty so I destroy he in a hurry -- now I be gettin ' ready for Mac Lee Green next month . commentator you be refer to the much publicize bicentennial fight ? apollo that 's right -- it 's gonna be the great sportin ' event in this country 's history -- a gala occurrence ! commentator still to be hold in Philadelphia ? apollo the bicentennial heavyweight championship of the World be gonna be hold in the only place it can be hold -- Philadelphia ! -- the nation 's cradle -- January first -- the first major event of we two hundredth year . commentator where be you off to now ? Apollo draw he wife close . 24 . apollo I a ' my wife be goin ' home ' cause we miss we child a ' can not go no more time without seein ' they . commentator any quick advice for young box hopeful ? apollo ( look straight into the camera ) ... stay in school a ' use you brain , dig -- be a lawyer , be a doctor , carry a leather briefcase a ' forget about sport !! Sports can only make ya grunt a ' smell -- be a thinker not a stinker !! Apollo 's entourage laugh and they move on ... the commentator face the camera . commentator Jerry Simpson at Kennedy Airport with the Champion , Apollo creed . the sport show cut away , but Rocky continue to look at the television with a pensive stare ... Andy have be speak the follow dialogue over Apollo 's broadcast . andy nobody care what 's happenin ' in the world of sport nomore -- downhill . Baseball , downhill -- basketball , downhill . football 's goin ' , too . Bank on it . Baseball use to be America 's best sport ... sure -- nuttin ' like squattin ' through a great double header , but now baseball 's all business . the news report with Apollo end . Andy drink . andy ( continue ) where be the real fighter ? the pro . today we jig clown . 25 . rocky clown . andy yeah . rocky he take he best shot a ' become champ -- what shot do you ever take ? andy yo , rock , you be not happy with yourself ? Fine . but I , I gotta business here -- I do not need to take no shot . become despondent , Rocky rise and cross to paulie slump unconscious in the booth . Rocky exit the bar ... Andy turn to he customer . andy ( continue ; boldly ) take a shot , he say ! -- sure , I will take a shot ! laugh , Andy pour himself a shot . ext . atomic hoagie shop - night Rocky pass a all - night sandwich shop ... in the window hang the sign " atomic hoagie shop , inc . " out front be several young men and women . they be much too young to be out so late ... a boy with a badly - chip tooth beckon to Rocky . chipped tooth ( aggressively ) yo , rock , buy we sum wine , man . rocky ... no wine -- bad for ya ' brain . chipped tooth c'mon , man , it 's cold , man . rocky no wine . chipped tooth yo , rock , gimme a dollar . 26 . rocky why ? chipped tooth ( sarcastically ) ' Cause we dig ya , man -- gimme a dollar . rocky no dollar . chipped tooth hey , give Rocky a dime . young man # 2 ... how come ? chipped tooth so he can call all he friend . rocky ( mildly embarrassed ) ... that 's a old one . chipped tooth buy we some thunderbird , man . Rocky ignore the statement and face a very young girl who be smoking and lean whore - like against the wall . rocky be that Marie ? -- Marie , ya brother know you be hangin ' out so late ? the girl , marie , assume a indifferent attitude , attempt to impress she friend . marie ... screw you . rocky ( awed ) what would you say ? marie ... screw you , yoyo . the gang laugh . angere and shocked , Rocky grab she arm . rocky do this guy teach you to talk dirty ? huh ? 27 . marie hey -- rocky what ? marie stuff it , man ! rocky ( shake she ) do not you never say that -- ( to the gang ) -- you guy talk like that in front of a little girl -- you guy be scum . chipped tooth this be we place , dig ! the gang reluctantly back up a step . rocky do not ya never come round this girl -- go home . young man # 2 this be we corner , man ! you go , chump ! Rocky move forward and they scatter ... they quickly move off . chipped tooth ( backpedal ) we will kill you , man -- we gotta gun . rocky pull heat on I ? -- I will dent ya face ! Rocky lead the girl away . ext . STREET - night Rocky be walk the young girl home ... they be presently cut through a dark public school yard . they pass through the beam of light cast off by weak flood light locate at the top of the school building . the atmosphere be somewhat eerie . 28 . rocky how come ya wanna hang out with that guy ? they teach ya bad thing . marie I like them . if you do not you can f-- rocky hey ! when I be you age , there be only one girl who talk like that in the whole neighborhood . marie ( bored ) ... yeah . she attempt to light a cigarette ... Rocky nonchalantly toss it to the ground . rocky make you tooth yella -- marie I like yella tooth . rocky make you breath like garbage . marie maybe I like garbage . Rocky and Marie take a shortcut through a dark school yard . rocky nobody like garbage -- anyway , this girl with the dirty mouth be not bad lookin' , but the guy would not take she out for any serious datin ' . marie why ? rocky ' Cause that 's the way guy be -- they laugh when ya talk dirty . they think ya cute for a while , but then ya getta reputation a ' watch out . ( more ) 29 . rocky ( cont 'd ) nobody 's ever gonna take ya serious . ya get no respect ... I gotta use a bad word -- Whore . you will end up maybe becomin ' a whore . marie c'mon , Rocky . I be twelve . rocky that do not matter -- you do not really have to be a whore , just act like one a ' that 's it . marie what ? rocky yo , a bad reputation -- twenty year from now people will say ' D ' you remember Marie ? ' ' no , who be she ? ' ' she be that little whore who hang out at the Atomic hoagie shop . ' ' oh , now I remember ! '... see , they do not remember you , they remember the rep . Rocky and Marie exit the dark school yard ... stand in the shadow of the building be three young mugger . the light from they cigarettes flare red in they face . the mugger pace Rocky across the street and follow they down the block ... Rocky see they and stop and face the three . the mugger pause and study Rocky from a distance of twenty yard . Rocky give a loud boxer 's snort , wipe he nose with the side of he thumb and roll he shoulder ... the mugger be intimidate and slowly peel off the meander away . Rocky turn to Marie who have be stand behind he . rocky ( point down the block ) ... that 's you house , be not it ? Marie nod . rocky ( continue ) listen , I hope ya do not -- 30 . marie I will not . rocky what be I gonna say ? marie ya hope I do not keep act like a whore or I will turn into one , right ? rocky ya , something ' like that . they exchange smile and Marie move away . Rocky have make a impact on she life . marie goodnight , Rocky . rocky ' night , Marie . she take a few more step and pause again . marie ... fuck you , creepo !!! the girl run to she house as Rocky look on in dismay . rocky ( walk off ) ... yeah , who be you to give advice , creepo . int . jergen ' office - day apollo creed and he lawyer and trainer be seat in the office of mile jergen . jergen , a successful promoter look unhappy as he look into the scowling face of Apollo creed . lawyer be the doctor 's report confirm ? jergen definitely -- ( read ) -- it say here , Mac Lee Green have suffer a seriously crack third metacarpal in he leave hand . 31 . apollo damn . jergen I suppose we could cancel the fight indefinitely if you be set on fight Green . trainer it be not just Green , what about the time Apollo 's invest -- jergen I believe we can find a solution . apollo solution , nothin ' -- what about the bicentennial fight . lawyer jergen , do not play game with my client ! Apollo have already do nearly a million dollar worth of publicity -- trainer ten million 's worth ! lawyer -- and have make contractual obligation with over twenty different organization -- he do not want to be embarrassed . apollo you best find I another rank contender a ' I mean in a flash , man ! jergen ( hold up some note ) I contact Ernie Roman 's manager , he 's fight in France the same week . apollo then gimme buddy Shaw -- he 's rank fifth . 32 . jergen Shaw 's fight in South America -- why not postpone the bout until July fourth ? lawyer Hell with fourth of July , man ! ten thousand thing will be goin ' down on the fourth of July ! -- Apollo want to be first ! jergen that may not be possible , Jimmy . trainer this man here be the Star , dig -- do not cause he to breathe heavy -- now what ' bout that sucker , billy duke ? jergen go to California and gain fifty pound -- and I call every worthwhile contender , but they say five week be not enough time to get in shape . Apollo stand beneath a new fight poster and point to it . apollo shape , nothin ' -- they be afraid . they know everybody in the world 's gonna see this fight a ' none of they gotta prayer of beat I so they be makin ' excuse so they do not have to be the chump that 's gonna be whipped in front of the whole civilized world !! jergen Apollo , I be sure there 's a way to salvage this . trainer nobody want to be dissect on the country 's birthday . 33. jergen all I can counter with be that I be a goddamn good promoter -- I have promote in every country in the world -- and I have try to the best of my ability . perhaps you be right , and no one want to be beat on the country 's birthday ... I do not know what else to say -- apollo I do -- maybe what this fight need be something new -- a novelty . trainer you 's the novelty , champ ! apollo give my main man a raise !! everyone laugh . apollo ( continue ) now here 's what 's goin ' down . listen , ' cause I be gonna say this but one time . on January first , the first day of the bicentennial I be gonna fight I a local poor underdog , dig ? a snow - white underdog . a ' I be gonna put he face on this poster with I , hear ? a ' I will tell you why , ' cause I be sentimental -- a ' all the people in the country all sentimental , man , an' they would like nothin ' better than I , Apollo creed , to let some unknown get a shot at the great title in the world on this country 's biggest birthday . now that 's the way I see it a ' that 's the way I want it !! jergen ... it 's very american . apollo no , man , it 's very smart . 34 . ext . STREET - day late that afternoon Mr. gazzo 's white 1970 cadillac pull up to Rocky 's apartment ... Rocky be in the back seat with the loan shark . gazzo 's bodyguard be drive . gazzo flip through a small black notepad . rocky next Wednesday I grab a grand from Snyder . an' Thursday two yard from cappoli , okay ? gazzo no , two yard from Snyder , a ' a grand from cappoli . rocky ya sure ? gazzo hey , screw ya brain on right . now , who 's this girl you be go out with tonight ? rocky how would you know ? gazzo ( smile ) you think I do not hear thing ? rocky paulie 's sister . bodyguard ( abrasively ) hear she 's retarded . rocky ( dryly ) she be not retarded , she 's shy . bodyguard take 'er to the zoo -- retards like the zoo . rocky do that bum have to say that ? the bodyguard redden ... gazzo motion to he bodyguard to relax . 35 . gazzo buddy 's in a bad mood -- prostate problem . rocky he 's always in a bad mood . ( laugh ) Count ya blessin' . ya a healthy person -- ya leg work -- ya hand work -- the bodyguard have be look at Rocky with murderous eye . bodyguard I do not like ya face . rocky do not like yours neither . bodyguard kiss my ass . rocky move you shoulder down . Mr. gazzo be amused . he step out of the car , follow by Rocky . gazzo ( smile ) buddy 's get a thing against ya , rock . some people just hate for no reason , y'know . rocky yeah . gazzo here 's fifty buck -- you an' the girl have a nice time . rocky thanks , Mr. gazzo . Rocky enter he apartment and gazzo drive off . int . jergen ' office - day the scene revert back to mile jergen ' office . Apollo pore over a large record book . apollo how ' bout this billy snow ? 36 . jergen foul . apollo how ' bout this Big Chuck Smith ? trainer too old , dull fighter . ( point at a name ) Bobby judge be a good boy . apollo ... I do not feel heat from the name . jergen Joe Zack be a good prospect -- excite boy . apollo ... still do not feel no heat . jergen ( sigh ) exactly what be you look for , Apollo ? apollo ... this man . everybody lean forward . apollo ( continue ; much amused ) ' the italian stallion ' -- he 's my man . jergen Rocky balboa -- his record 's poor -- apollo do not matter -- that name . ' the italian stallion , ' it 's right on . ( laugh ) who discover America ? a italian , right ? so , man , what could be better than to get it on with one of he ancestor -- trainer he will not last one round . 37 . apollo listen , I gonna carry this boy three round , then drop ' im like a bad habit . trainer I do not like you messin ' with southpaw -- they do everything wrong . apollo southpaw , nuthin ' -- I will drop ' im in three -- ' Apollo creed meet the italian stallion . ' shhiii -- sound like a damn monster movie !! everyone laugh . fade out . fade in : ext . STREET - dusk Rocky and paulie walk towards he house ... even though it be cold and dark , a group of kid conduct a energetic game of half - ball . ( half - ball be a variation of stick - ball . ) rocky ( mime throw ) I usta be deadly at half - ball . paulie I hate the friggin ' game ... I would like to talk some business . rocky what kinda business ? paulie look at my hand -- see how the joint be swollen . paulie extend he thick hand and try to make a fist . paulie ( continue ) inflame joint -- walkin ' in a ' out of a freezer carryin ' meat play hell on the joint . rocky maybe ya should see a doctor . 38 . paulie I do not need a doctor , I need a different job . rocky maybe another job be the best thing . paulie do I a favor -- talk to gazzo . tell he I be a friend a ' would do a good job ... tell he I be not bother by nothin ' a ' would be a great collector ... bustin ' bone do not bother I -- tell he I be a good worker . rocky gazzo 's gotta come to you . paulie I be askin ' ya to go to he -- as a favor . rocky gazzo 's gotta come to you -- hey , paulie , it 's a bad job -- do what you do now . ext . atomic hoagie shop - dusk they continue past the Atomic hoagie shoppe , Inc ... a group of young man pitch quarter on the sidewalk out front . Rocky pause ... he see Marie , the little girl from the night before , hang around with the guy . she see Rocky . Marie take a deep drag on she cigarette and face the opposite direction ... the gang smile and continue to pitch quarter . anger and disappointment register across Rocky 's face . paulie you know she ? Rocky shrug and the two man move off ... fill the night air be the metallic SOUND of pitching quarter . ext . paulie' apartment - night the man arrive at paulie 's home . it be at the top of a dimly - light four story walk - up . 39 . rocky ya sister know I be comin ' ? paulie yeah , sure -- she 's very excited . int . paulie' apartment - night paulie unlock the apartment door and enter ... Rocky stiffly follow . paulie 's sister step out of the kitchen . a large serve spoon be in she hand ... the tv be on . she stop short and eye Rocky ... she be visibly unsettle by Rocky 's unexpected presence . adrian ( weakly ) paulie , you be late . she look at Rocky again . paulie do you call the hospital ? ( to Rocky ) if I be ten minute late , she call the hospital . adrian enter the bedroom and slam the door ... paulie follow . a argument ensue and Rocky overhear . over the argument be heard a sport broadcast rise from the television . commentator ( v.o. ) ... unfortunate luck for fifth -ranke heavyweight , Mac Lee Green . the slugging fighter acquire a serious fracture in he leave hand after a aggressive day of sparring -- Champion Apollo creed say he will be ' shopping for another victim , ' to fill Green 's vacancy for the bicentennial championship fight to be hold in Philly next month ... by the way , rumor have it that this will be the most widely - view sport event in the entire world -- and that include the Super bowl , folk ... today U.S. swimmer set a new ... 40 . meanwhile , the argument between brother and sister continue in the bedroom . adrian ... paulie , why do not you tell I you be bring he home ?! look at I , I be not ready for this . paulie like it would make a difference if you be , right ? this guy 's a friend and now he 's takin ' ya out . adrian no ... I can not ! paulie ya , ya goin ' outta the bedroom a ' I do not wanna know from nothin' . adrian paulie , please -- paulie hey , I want ya out instamaticly . -- I be sicka lookin ' at ya hangin ' around like a friggin ' spider -- go out -- live ! do , enjoy life . adrian ... like you ? paulie do not get wise with I . I want ya to stop bein ' a loser . adrian I can not go out . paulie why ? adrian paulie , it 's Thanksgiving . I have gotta turkey in the oven . paulie turn and leave the bedroom ... he enter the kitchen . grabbing a large fork , he open the oven and spear the turkey ... with the turkey suspend on the end of the fork , paulie heave the drip bird out the window . 41 . adrian have see this and be shattered . she run back into the bedroom and lock the door . paulie !! ya want the bird , go out in the alley a ' eat the bird -- I want ya outta the house -- enjoy ya friggin ' life ... ya hungry , rock ? rocky maybe ya better forget it . paulie forget nothin ' -- here , talk to my sister , tell 'er something ' nice . Rocky walk over to adrian 's bedroom door and begin speak to the enclose girl . rocky ... yo , adrian , it 's I , Rocky ... ah , ah -- ah , it 's kinda hard for I to think of something ' to say , y'know -- ' Cause I never talk to a door before , I mean whatta ya say to a door . Rocky turn away and begin to walk off . rocky ( continue ) ... maybe I better forget it . paulie try again , c'mon , try again . Rocky go over to the door and begin speak again . rocky ah , adrian , I know ya be not too happy at this moment , but would ya do I a favor -- I be not get nobody to spend thanksgivin ' with -- how ' bout you a ' I goin ' out -- get something ' to eat , maybe laugh a little , who know ... would ya like , I dunno , go out together ? adrian open the door ... she already have she winter coat on . 42 . rocky ( continue ) we will have a good time . paulie open the front door and give Rocky a encourage smile ... rocky ( continue ) what 's ya sister like to do ? paulie Ice skate . rocky I do not want no turkey anyway . adrian it 's Thanksgiving . rocky to you , to I it 's Thursday . int . ice skating rink - night Rocky and adrian enter a desert skate rink . rocky look quiet , y'know . adrian I think it 's close . rocky I think mebbe we be early or something ' -- from across the rink a cleaning man yell at they . cleaner hey , whatta ya doin ' here -- we be close ... yo , we be close ! rocky ( yell back ) be ya close to the General Public or to just everybody . 43. cleaner ( start to walk over ) hey , the rink be empty ' cause we be close -- ya be not allow in here so do I a favor a ' not stay here . rocky wait here , gotta smooth this guy out . adrian ( softly ) we could go somewhere else a ' -- Rocky approach the cleaner . cleaner yo , pal , what 's with you -- the place be not operatin' . rocky listen , I gotta problem . this girl be not feelin ' well , y'know -- the doctor say she should exercise , y'k now once in awhile a ' ice skatin ' be the best thing -- cleaner this a con ? rocky look at she , ya can see she be not feelin ' good -- need a few minute exercise -- cleaner few minute ? rocky ... ten minute . cleaner ten minute for ten dollar . rocky ... yeah , give 'er the blade . int . ice skating rink - night adrian have on skate . Rocky follow she onto the ice . he wear street shoe . 44 . adrian ... be not you skate ? rocky ai not skate since I be fifteen -- that 's when I start fightin ' -- gotta watch the ankle . yeah , fightin ' use to be top with I , but no more . all I want to prove be I be not no bum -- that I have the stuff to make a good pro . adrian and you never get the chance ? the cleaner yell from the sideline . cleaner nine minute ! rocky hey , I be not cryin ' ... I still fight . kinda do it like a hobby . see I be a natural southpaw a ' most pug will not fight a southpaw ' cause we mess up they timin ' a ' look awkward -- southpaw mean lefthand ... but I guess in the long run thing probably work out for the best , right ? adrian but you never have a chance to prove yourself . rocky absolutely . cleaner eight minute ! adrian slip and Rocky break she fall . rocky I just dislocate my finger . adrian ohh ! cleaner Seven minute ! 45 . rocky it be not you fault -- I originally do it in the baby crenshaw fight . ( open he wallet ) that 's I fightin' Big baby crenshaw -- Big baby be the size of a airplane an' I break my hand on he head -- I lose , but it 's a nice picture , do not ya think ? cleaner six ! rocky how ' bout some coke ? cleaner cost ya a buck . rocky this guy be beautiful -- get the coke . adrian do a slight turn and Rocky have to speed up and nearly fall . rocky ( continue ) see , I be not graceful , y'know -- I do not move good -- stink as a dancer too -- but I can really swat , I hit hard , real hard , but I be a southpaw a ' nobody want to fight a southpaw ! -- havin ' a good time ? adrian nod and be very nervous ... the cleaner move carefully across the ice . rocky ( continue ) y'know how I get start in the fight racket ? adrian by accident ? cleaner here -- Three minute . 46 . rocky yeah -- my ol ' man who be never the sharpest tell I -- I be not bear with much brain so I better use my body . for the first time , adrian laugh . rocky ( continue ) what 's funny ? adrian my mother tell I just the opposite . she say , ' you be not bear with much of a body so you would better develop you brain . ' cleaner time ! the cleaner walk over as Rocky and adrian get off the ice . cleaner ( continue ) that 's ten buck . rocky I must be goin ' deaf ' cause I think ya say , ' ten cent . ' Rocky hand he a dime . cleaner ( weakly ) ... how ' bout for the coke ? rocky charge it . Rocky and adrian start to leave . Rocky pause at the door and fish into he pocket and hand over eleven dollar . rocky ( continue ) have ya goin ' , do not I , huh ? he grin and leave . 47 . ext . STREET - night rocky some people be very shy by nature . adrian ... I suppose . rocky I would say you be very shy bu nature . adrian ... I suppose . rocky some people think bein ' shy be a disease , but it do not bother I . adrian it do not bother I either . rocky then why do I bother bringin ' it up ? ' Cause I be dumb , that 's why ... y'know , I think we make a real sharp coupla coconut -- I be dumb a ' you be shy . adrian ... it be just hard for I to understand why anybody want to be a fighter . rocky ya gotta be a little soft to wanna be a pug ... it 's a racket where ya ' almost guarantee to end up a bum . adrian I do not think you be a bum . rocky ... I be at least half a bum . yeah , fightin ' be a crazy racket . the roughest part be the mornin ' after . adrian Morning after ? 48 . rocky after a rough fight , ya ' nothin ' but a large wound . sometimes I feel like callin ' a taxi to drive I from my bed to the bathroom ... ya ' eye hurt , ya ' ear hurt , ya ' hair even hurt ... but the thing I be proud of be I be in over sixty fight a ' never have a bust nose -- bent a ' twisted a ' bitten but never break ... that 's rare . adrian why do you do it if it hurt so bad ? rocky ... guess . adrian ( pause ) ' Cause you can not sing or dance ? Rocky smile . int . rocky's apartment - night Rocky and adrian enter he one- room apartment ... she be nervous and take aback by the bleakness of the room ... Rocky go to the icebox . rocky would ya like a glass of water ? adrian ... no thanks . adrian look at the mirror above Rocky 's dresser . she see a high school photo of Rocky . he once be handsome and smooth - face ... Rocky step up behind she and he face be reflect in the mirror . he turn on he cheap record player ... he reach into the turtle bowl . rocky here 's the guy I be tellin ' ya about -- this be cuff an' link . adrian I sell they to you . 49 . rocky ( very embarrassed ) ... oh , yeah , I buy the whole kit -- yeah , ya sell I the turtles , the bowl , an' the mountain -- I have to get rid of the mountain ' cause they keep fallin ' off . adrian do you have a phone ? rocky I have it pull . people callin ' all the time . who need it -- who would you wanna call ? adrian I wanna let my brother know where I be . rocky d' you really wanna call ? adrian yes , I do . rocky you sure ? adrian yes . rocky why ? adrian I think he might be worried . rocky I will call you brother . Rocky fling open the window and bellow like a foghorn . rocky ( continue ) !! yo , paulie -- ya sister 's with I ! I will call ya later . Rocky close the window and face the woman ... she be not smile . she look frighten . 50 . rocky ( continue ) what 's the matter ? ya do not like the room ? adrian it 's fine . rocky it 's only temporary . adrian it 's not that -- rocky what 's the problem ? you do not like I -- do not like the turtles -- what be it ? adrian I do not think I belong here . rocky it 's okay . adrian no , I do not belong here . rocky it 's all right -- you be my guest . adrian ... I have never be in a man 's apartment before . rocky ( gesture ) they be all the same . adrian I be not sure I know you well enough -- I do not think I be comfortable . rocky yo , I be not comfortable either . adrian ( stand ) I should leave . 51 . rocky but I be willin ' to make the best of this uncomfortable situation . adrian move to the door ... Rocky intercept she . rocky ( continue ; softly ) would ya take off you glass ? adrian ( dumbstruck ) what ? rocky the glass ... please . Rocky remove she glass and look deeply into she eye . adrian ( timidly ) ... t- thank you . rocky do I another favor ? adrian ... what ? rocky could ya take off that hat . after a moment , adrian remove the hat ... she be become rather pretty . rocky ( continue ) I always know you be pretty . adrian do not tease I . the woman melt into the corner and begin lightly sobbing ... Rocky step forward and fence she with he arm and body . rocky I wanna kiss ya -- ya do not have to kiss I back if ya do not feel like it . Rocky softly kiss the woman ... her arm hang limp . he put more passion into the kiss and she start to respond . her hand glide like smoke up he back . 52 . she embrace he neck . the dam of passion erupt . she give herself freely for the first time in thirty year . ext . goldmill be gym - day the follow day , Rocky stroll down the street to goldmill 's gym ... out front a group of young black stop talk and study Rocky as he pass . Rocky 's eyebrow knit in confusion . int . goldmill be gym - day Rocky climb the stair and enter the gym ... ... in a matter of second , he presence be know and the athlete stare in wonderment ... the big black heavyweight contender , dipper , throw down he towel in disgust and turn away . Mike quietly approach Rocky . mike hey , rock -- what happen ? rocky ' Bout what ? mickey goldmill step out of he office ... mickey do ya get the message , kid ? rocky message -- what message ? mickey pull out a card from he breast pocket ... he hand it to Rocky . mickey a rep from mile jergen ' promotion be lookin ' for ya -- they need sparrin ' partner for creed . rocky ya puttin ' I on ? mickey here 's the card ? rocky when be they here ? 53. mickey ' Bout a hour ago . rocky probably lookin ' for sparrin ' partner . mickey ... I say that before . Rocky turn from mickey and jog out of the gym . mickey fumble with he rosary bead . mickey ( continue ) ... waste of life . ext . skyscraper - day Rocky step off a bus in mid-town Philadelphia . he hurry down Broad Street . every few step he break into a trot ... he enter a skyscraper . int . office build - hall - day Rocky exit the elevator and enter the office of mile jergen ' production . int . jergen ' production - day the secretary be slightly startle by Rocky 's excited expression . secretary May I help you ? Rocky hand she the business card . secretary ( continue ) you name , please ? rocky balboa , Rocky balboa . the Secretary rise and enter jergen ' office ... Rocky eye the multitude of sport picture hang on all four wall . the Secretary return . secretary you may go in . Rocky collect himself and enter ... 54 . int . jergen ' office - day mile jergen warmly greet he . jergen hello , Mr. balboa -- I be mile jergen -- please , have a seat . rocky ... thanks . jergen Mr. balboa -- rocky ( override ) Rocky . jergen Rocky , do you have any representation ? a manager ? rocky no -- just I . jergen Rocky , would you be interested in -- rocky sparrin ' ? jergen Excuse I . rocky I know ya need sparrin ' partner -- I be very available . jergen I be sure you be . rocky absolutely -- sparrin ' with the champ would be a honor -- y'know what ? jergen what ? rocky I would not take no cheap shot . I would be a good sparrin ' partner . 55 . jergen seem very amused . he light a cigar . jergen Rocky , would you be interested in fight Apollo creed for the championship ? rocky ... like I say , I would make a boss sparrin ' mate . jergen do you hear what I say ? rocky sure , a ' I be smart enough to know that no sparrin ' partner should take cheap shot at the champ . he 's just there to help condition the man . jergen not spar , I be ask whether you would be interested in fight creed for the championship . the weight of the statement come crash down in Rocky . for a long moment he become nothing more than a basket case as he ponder the statement ... he half regains he sense . rocky ... ah ... absolutely . the scene fade and become a black and white television . int . paulie' apartment - night Rocky and adrian be at she home watch a old black and white television ... Rocky smile ... the film now cut to Apollo be interview . reporter # 1 how would you like the ' City of brotherly Love ? ' apollo I like my Philadelphia Brothers . a ' I be patriotic ! Apollo have to move to the side to avoid a thrust microphone . 56 . apollo ( continue ; mock seriousness ) if yo ' do not back up I be gonna send yo ' home with a microphone in yo ' nose ! the Reporters laugh . reporter # 2 why do you agree to fight a man who have virtually no chance of win ? apollo if history prove one thing , everybody gotta chance -- do not yo ' all ever hear of David a ' goliath ? -- ' course I woulda knock out goliath . reporter # 3 it be a coincidence that you be fight a white man on the most celebrate day in the country 's history ? apollo the same coincidence that he 's fightin ' a black man . reporter # 1 what be you feeling about the challenger ? apollo he 's italian . reporter # 1 what do that mean ? apollo it mean if he can not fight , I bet he can cook ! Rocky and adrian laugh at the interview ... paulie , she brother , take offense . paulie do I a favor -- his lung , punch them out . adrian Paul . 57 . Rocky 's interview now fill the screen . Rocky squint and look nervous under the hot light . reporter # 2 this be you large payday ever -- how do you feel about it ? rocky feel ? I dunno ... happy . reporter # 2 how will you fight Apollo creed ? rocky ( mind elsewhere ) creed 's great , be not he ... I will do what I can . reporter # 1 where do you get the name , ' italian stallion ? ' rocky I think of it ' bout eight year ago , when I be eatin ' dinner . reporter # 2 be it true the most you have ever make in a prizefight be five hundred dollar ? rocky four hundred -- but that be a long time ago . reporter # 2 and now you payday will be one hundred and fifty thousand dollar . any comment ? rocky listen , I wanna say hi to my girlfriend -- yo , adrian ! adrian blushes and laugh . adrian oh , Rocky ! paulie ( dry ) Christ . 58 . adrian you do not ! rocky sure I do . you hear . they continue to watch the remainder of the interview ... the head commentator be look directly into the camera . commentator a bicentennial fight -- January first . it will be the first sport event on we two hundredth birthday and be already be call by many the great farce in sport history . if this man last more than a minute I would say he 's on borrow time . ( sarcastically ) it 's match like this with they exorbitant price that give sport a bad name -- not only be this match bad , people , it 's sad ! why a Rocky balboa ? at the State athletic Commission , Larry duggan report . paulie ( irate ) the guy 's a friggin ' moron . rocky why ? paulie do not it matter none he 's makin ' ya out a fool ? -- I would break he lip . rocky it do not matter . paulie he 's takin ' cheap shot . rocky it do not bother I none . paulie yo , rock -- now ya will be lookin ' for people to help , right ? 59 . rocky help what ? paulie y'know , to help keep ya livin ' clean . rocky I will do okay . paulie ya gotta have a guy help ya exercise , mebbe somebody to be standin ' by with a towel or run errand , y'know . rocky hey , who care about I yesterday , huh ? nobody -- I think I be gonna train myself . paulie without havin ' good people around , ya will not have such a good chance . adrian be not happy with she brother 's overbearing attitude . she face he . adrian Einstein flunk out of school ... twice . paulie that so . adrian Roosevelt finish last in he class -- Beethoven be deaf , an' helen keller be blind -- I think Rocky have a good chance . int . hallway of paulie' apartment - night Rocky stand in adrian 's doorway . he kiss she . rocky see ya tomorrow . Rocky move down the stairway and continue to do so as he converse with adrian who remain upstairs . his voice echoes up the stairwell . 60 . rocky ( continue ) how would ya like hearin ' ya name on tv ? adrian I do not know -- I be shocked . why do you do that ? rocky ya puttin ' I on , right ? adrian ( smile ) absolutely -- what time should I expect you ? rocky ' Bout seven . adrian I will be wait . Rocky be now on the ground floor yell up to adrian on the top floor landing . rocky y'know how I say that stuff on television do not bother I ? adrian yes . rocky it do . as Rocky complete the last word , he exit the building and slam the door which resound throughout the apartment house . ext . atomic hoagie shop - night gazzo , the bodyguard , and Rocky be stand out front . they be eat hot sandwich . rocky y'know I will not be able to work for ya no more . gazzo hey -- if a good man can make a better life , let he make it . rocky I feel bad about walkin' . 61 . gazzo take you shot , kid -- you get money for trainin ' expense ? rocky a few buck . gazzo take out a wad and peel off several bill . gazzo here 's five hundred -- put it in you glove . rocky do I have to pay juice ? gazzo look at the bodyguard and shake he head as if to imply , " why 's this guy ask such a foolish question ? " gazzo and the bodyguard step to the white caddy park at the curb . they enter the cab . Rocky watch . int . car - night gazzo ( smile ) do Santa Claus charge juice ? merry Christmas -- now , how 's about my present , ya gonna win ? rocky gonna try . gazzo listen , kid , I be with ya . ya know , I be with ya -- italian , we be blood . you kill this rug -- we Guinneas gotta show this afro- Americans where it 's at . give it you best shot cause I want ya to prove to this bum on the corner that my man can not be beat by this rug ... ya get any action on the side . rocky no action . gazzo ya gettin 150 grand killer . ya get any plan for it ? whatta ya think ? ( more ) 62 . gazzo ( cont 'd ) ya like to put it on the street , make it work for ya ? rocky I be gonna do something with it . gazzo sure , you do what ya want . stay away from the stock market . rocky Black market ? gazzo same thing . ya know , rock , remember when we be kid , we fight together . an' I be not well a ' ya have to beat up that irish kid -- what 's he name ? -- gallager -- I buy a suit and become a businessman . you put on glove . an' I remember mama almost cry , may she rest in peace -- a ' we ol ' man who say ya have no brain -- I would like to lay hand on that bastard . you be not never have any luck . even when I own you in ' 66 you never have luck . but now I think you might be gettin ' some luck kid . whatta you think ? Rocky smile and gazzo get into he car . Rocky follow he across the street . rocky yo , you gonna show , tony ? gazzo where else be I gonna go . ( to bodyguard ) Bet three grand on Rocky . bodyguard he 's a bum -- be you kiddin ? gazzo ( slap bodyguard ) no ! I be not kiddin ! Rocky walk away . 63. int . rocky's apartment - night Rocky return home and enter he apartment . after turn on the light , he flip on he record player . he now feed the turtles . rocky look who 's home ! Rocky notice two telegram lay inside the threshold . he approach they with a sense of awe . he open and read one . settle on the bed , he read the other . a knock be heard . Rocky open the door . mickey goldmill , the gym owner , stand frame in the doorway . mickey ( stiffly ) I see the light . I figure somebody be home . rocky hey , mickey -- whatta ya doin ' here ? here , sit down . Rocky toss soile clothing off a mangle armchair . rocky ( continue ) best seat in the house -- hey , Mick , this be too much . mickey how do you mean ? rocky I be usta seein ' ya at the gym , but seein ' ya here , in my house , it 's kinda outta joint . by the manner in which goldmill listen , it be obvious something important be preying on he mind . Rocky be slightly uncomfortable , almost embarrassed at have outsider see how he life . mickey listen , rock , you be a very lucky guy . rocky yeah . 64 . mickey what 's happen be freak luck . rocky freak luck for sure . mickey look at all they other fighter . Real good boy . good record . colorful . fight they heart out for peanut -- but who care ? nobody . they get it shove in they back door . nobody ever give they a shot at the title ... rocky ( uneasy ) freak luck be a strange thing . mickey do not hear . his attention be draw to the turtles . mickey whatta ' that ? rocky turtles -- domestic turtles . mickey ( businesslike ) I be here tellin ' ya to be very smart with this shot . like the Bible sez , ya do not get no second chance . mickey look hard into Rocky 's eye . mickey ( continue ) ya need a manager . a advisor . I be in the racket fifty year . I do it all , there be not nothin ' about the world of pugilism that be not livin ' up here . he light a half - smoke cigar . rocky ( at a loss ) fifty year , huh . 65 . mickey ( stronger ) fifty year . the rep be know around Philly , a ' a good rep can not be buy , but I do not have to tell you that . rocky how ' bout a glass of water ? mickey Rocky , d'ya know what I do ? rocky ( uneasy ) ... what ? mickey ( drive each word hard ) I do it all . I have do a ' see everything ' . believe what I be tellin ' ya -- ya shoulda see the night in Brooklyn , I smack ' Ginny ' russo outta the ring , September 14 , 1923 -- same night firpo knock Dempsey outta the ring . but who get the Press ? he do . he have a manager -- September 14 , 1923 . rocky ( softly ) ya get a good mind for date . mickey deafly continue , become more engross every second . mickey look at this face -- twenty - one stitches over the leave eye , thirty - four over the right -- my nose be bust seventeen time , the last be the sailor Mike fight New Year 's Eve , 1940 , in camden , New Jersey -- what a professional pastin ' I give he . here , read about it . ( more ) 66 . mickey ( cont 'd ) ( show a tiny press clipping ; point to cauliflower ear ) a ' he give I the vegetable on the ear . I get pain a ' experience ... a ' you get heart -- kinda remind I of marciano , ya do . Rocky point to he most prize possession . rocky nobody ever say that -- there 's he picture . mickey yeah , ya kinda remind I of the rock . ya move like ' im . mickey have rung the bell . nothing could please Rocky more than be compare to he idol . rocky really think so ? mickey ya get heart . rocky heart , but I be not get no tocker . Rocky shift against the wall and lower himself into a crouch . mickey Christ , I know this business . Rocky , when I be fightin ' it be the dirtiest racket goin ' , see . pug like I be treat like fightin ' dog -- throw ya in the pit a ' for ten buck ya try to kill each other . we have no management ... ( more ) 67 . mickey ( cont 'd ) fight in boxcar , in whorehouse basement , any joint with a floor -- October 1931 I fight a bum who put a tack in the thumb of he glove a ' punch so many hole in my face I have spit shootin ' outta my cheek -- I never have no manager watchin ' out for I -- see that picture outside the gym -- ' mighty Mick , ' that 's I in my prime . I have all the tool . I coulda starch any lightweight husky on the East Coast -- but I have no management . nobody ever get to know how slick I be , but I have a head for business a ' stashed a few buck a ' open the gym -- it 's a dirt hole , I know it , but that a ' a lotta scar be what I get to show for fifty year in the business , kid -- now you come along with this shot a ' I feel like it 's I gettin ' the shot I never get ... yeah , we be treat like dog -- like they dago 's , no offense , in the colosseum in Rome there -- a ' now I get all this knowledge , I wanna give it to ya so I can protect ya a ' make sure ya get the best deal ya can ! Rocky rise and open a window . mickey ( continue ) respect , I always dish ya respect . rocky ... ya give dipper my locker . mickey ( almost begging ) I be sorry , I -- I make a mistake . kid , I be askin ' man to man . I wanna be ya manager . 68 . rocky the fight 's set -- I do not need a manager . mickey look , you can not buy what I know . ya can not . I have see it all ! I get pain a ' I get experience . rocky I get pain a ' experience too . mickey please , kid . rocky ( tightly ) whatever I get , I always get on the slide . this shot 's no different . I do not earn nothin ' -- I get it on the slide ... I need ya help about ten year ago when I be startin' , but ya never help I none . mickey drop the ashtray and kneel to pick it up ... he remain on one knee . mickey if ya be wantin ' my help , why do not ya ask ? just ask . rocky I ask , but ya never help nothin ' ! -- like the Bible sez , ya do not get no second chance . mickey ( yell ) Rocky , I be seventy - six year old . maybe you can be the winner I never be -- you shot be my last shot ! Rocky be choke and go into the bathroom and close the door . mickey struggle to he foot and , like a beat man , leave . several moment later Rocky step out and lower himself into bed . spring up a second later , he run outside . 69 . ext . STREET of rocky's apartment - night Rocky race up the block toward the shadowy and hunch form of mickey . Way in the distance , we see Rocky stop the old man beneath a street lamp . he place a arm around he shoulder . int . rocky's apartment - pre-dawn the follow morning , Rocky 's alarm clock goe off at exactly four a.m. not accustom to rise this early , with great difficulty Rocky stagger to he foot and waver to the bathroom . he turn the light on and roach scatter . at the top of the mirror hang the telegram . Rocky fill the basin and submerges he face in cold water . Rocky sway to the icebox and remove a dozen egg . he crack five raw egg into a glass and downs it in one swill ... he body quiver . ext . STREET of rocky's apartment - pre-dawn Rocky step outside . he be dress in a well - wear sweat suit with a hood , glove and sneaker . it be pitch dark and he steaming breath attest to the cold . he begin run down the center of the desert street . he can only be clearly see as he form pass beneath the street lamp . two garbage man stop hoist can to watch he pass . ext . art museum stair - dawn Rocky stand at the base of a overwhelmingly steep flight of stair . he stare up at the stair that nearly disappear into the morning gray . take a deep breath , he start up . from the start , he look out of shape and halfway up he leg give way . stand , he brushes off and descend the stair . ext . CITY hall - dawn Rocky pass City Hall and veer to the river . he pause , heaving great gust of exhaust breath . he throw several lazy jab in the air and walk awhile with hand on he aching side . Men deliver the morning papers observe with amusement . Rocky force himself to begin run again . 70 . ext . elevate train station - dawn head along spring Garden Street , Rocky pass beneath a elevate train station . the roaring train overhead seem to blend perfectly with he muscular run style . ext . dock - dawn the sky be beginning to lighten . the fighter now run along the pier and past anchore freighter . ext . eastern packing company - dawn it be five - thirty and Rocky approach the load platform belong to Eastern pack company . alongside the load platform come several boxcar . Rocky mount the ramp and knock on the metal door . it soon open and paulie guide he inside . paulie be drunk . int . shipping office - day paulie how ya feelin' ? rocky ( panting ) ... tight . paulie I get whiskey here . rocky ... no . Rocky notice two puerto rican loung alongside theshipp office . paulie this be the guy who 's fightin' Apollo creed . jose ( heavy accent ) good luck -- kill he , man . paulie ( as though rehearse badly ) hip -- hip -- hooray ! c'mon -- hip -- hip -- 71 . jose ( walk away ) hooray , man . paulie rock will be comin ' by every mornin ' to pick up some Prime -- can not train on that store crap . Rocky smile and paulie lead he out of the office and to the large metal door of a walk - in refrigerator . int . freezer - day they enter . the freezer resemble a modern torture chamber ... row after row of hang slab of beef stretch into the darkness to the far end of the refrigerator . the blower overhead cause the man to speak loudly . paulie ( teasing ) if ya do not pay gazzo , ya end up hangin ' on the hook , right ? rocky gazzo 's a good man . paulie how ' bout you talk to them about I ? ( tightly ) please do I that favor . rocky keep this job , ya eat better . paulie open a jackknife and idly jab the hang meat . he swill whiskey from a pint bottle . paulie y'know , d'ya think you a ' my sister -- ah , doin ' good together ? rocky whatta you think ? paulie ai not sure , what 's the story ? rocky what ? 72 . paulie the story -- what 's happenin ' ? paulie speak like a man who have be mull this over for quite a while . paulie ( continue ) ya really like she ? rocky sure I like she . paulie ( nervous laughter ) what 's the attraction ? I do not see it ? rocky I dunno -- she fill gap . paulie what gap ? rocky ( shrug and take meat ) she get gap . I get gap -- together we fill the gap . paulie ( sharply ) you ballin ' she ? rocky ( turn around ) do not talk dirty ' bout ya sister . paulie ( tersely ) c'mon , ya screwin ' she ? from across the room Rocky look he hard in the eye . rocky that 's why I can not put ya together with gazzo , cause ya talk too much -- big mouth . paulie redden . he step forward and slam he fist in a hang beef . 73. the punch of the beef be a mute challenge and Rocky respond . Rocky walk up to a beef and slam he fist into the rib . the grotesque object swing in a wide arc like a hang corpse . Rocky move to the next one and hook . Rocky 's face reveal a never before see concentration , as though he be lock in total battle . paulie hit the rump . the rump ! ya will break the rib ! Rocky speed up and continue pound on the second row of beef . paulie 's eye widen and he face grimace with every punch , like he be receive it . Rocky move into the dark recess of the refrigerator . only the dull sound of he pounding fist can be heard . Rocky work he way to paulie again . every hang beef swing and appear surrealistically alive . paulie ( continue ) we do that to creed an' they will take we to jail for murder . Rocky look at he hand . they be drench in red up to the elbow with beef blood . paulie hand he a package of beef . rocky do not talk dirty ' bout ya sister . Rocky take the package and run out . paulie 's bleary eye reveal a fearful respect and slight resentment . int . goldmill be gym - day the gym be fill to capacity . the noise be deafening . Rocky pound a heavy bag . mickey step forward and remove a piece of string from he pocket . 74 . mickey ( passionate ) stop ! stop ! I can not stand it ! it 's clumsy . you be off balance . he motion to he bullish helper , Mike . he hand he the string . mickey ( continue ) tie it to both ankle -- leave two foot slack . rocky I never have good footwork . Mike complete the task . mickey forget the footwork -- you be off balance . the leg be stick everywhere . marciano have the same problem , an' the string cure it . when you can hit and move without breakin ' the string you will have balance . mike you will be a very dangerous person . two young boy in street clothes interrupt mickey . boy Rocky , could we have you autograph ? rocky ... sure . mickey ( irate ) do not you boy ever interrupt when I be conductin ' business , or I will kill you both -- go away . the boy depart . 75 . mickey ( continue ) autograph ! ya wanna be a writer or a fighter ? let 's work . Mike look off across the gym . mike ... we get visitor . mickey strain he eye to see a group of reporter and news cameramen enter he gym . mickey ( approach ) can I help you guy ? reporter ( to cameraman ) set the camera up over there . ( to mickey ) we be from Channel Seven -- cover the pre-fight training . mickey I own the place . the reporter have a hundred thing on he mind ... he turn from mickey and nod to he crew ... the other television crew rush to set up . cameraman Rolling here . SOUND man speed here . reporter ( to the camera ) we be here at goldmill 's gym -- a Philadelphia landmark of sort since 1929 -- the stench of toil permeate every corner . the sweat a trademark of a unique profession ... yet , the most unique fixture be a unprecedented 50 to 1 underdog heavyweight name , Rocky balboa . the camera turn to Rocky . 76 . rocky ( to mickey ) should I do this ? mickey nod and Rocky face the glaring light . reporter so much have happen lately -- have it change you life style much ? rocky ... people talk to I more . reporter how're you prepare for this bicentennial bout ? a young punchy fighter yell out : fighter readin ' fuckin ' history book , man ! the gym explode with laughter . reporter ( flushed ) we can cut that out later . Apollo creed say he will let you stay three round before he put you away . rocky ( honestly ) Apollo 's a great fighter . reporter do you feel you have a chance ? rocky maybe -- he face mickey . mickey whisper in he ear . rocky ( continue ) I will tear he head off . reporter do you have anything derogatory to say about the Champion ? 77 . rocky derogatory ? yeah , he 's great . Apollo creed and he entourage enter the gym . apollo ( bellow ) I be the Champion of the whole world !!! the gym freeze ... everyone turn and stare in wonderment ... mickey goldmill shake he head in disbelief . he now realize it be a publicity stunt . apollo ( continue ) ( approach Rocky ) italian stallion , I come over to tell you to be very smart a ' after this fight donate what 's gonna be leave of you body to science , cause after this fight what 's leave will not fill a tuna fish can !... so beware , mon cher !!! Apollo turn to the camera ... Rocky be speechless . apollo ( continue ) this classic fight -- tha 's right , this bicentennial fight 's goin ' down in the history book ' cause January first I be gonna be the first man to bounce another man offa the planet Pluto ! dipper stand in the far ring ... the attention Rocky be receive make he a killer . apollo ( continue ) now I got a special announcement , y'hear . for the first time in alotta year this championship fight be gonna be on you home t.v.! free -- ' course that 's just for Philly -- my present to the city ... ( more ) 78 . apollo ( cont 'd ) now some ya will be not much on likin ' I , but ya gotta admit Apollo creed be one damn generous , 100 % pure , government inspect , afro-american folk hero !!! everyone laugh ... dipper move across the room like a large snake . he brushes people aside and step behind Rocky . he nudge he ... Rocky think it be a accident and ignore it . dipper push harder and Rocky look questioningly at he . dipper ( loud ) ya nothin ' , Boy ! Apollo stop he sale pitch in mid-sentence ... the television crew face dipper . dipper ( continue ) I say ya nothin' ! mickey what 's happenin ' here ? dipper I be happenin ' ! this pig be takin ' my shot -- I iz a contender . he 's nothin ' . rocky ( dumbstruck ) yo ' , dipper , why be ya -- dipper ( shaking he fist ) spar I in front of this here tv dude -- I knock ya ass to Jersey ! dipper 's fat black trainer hold out he hand and dipper slap they soul style . mickey ( to dipper ) you can forget about sparring , kid . dipper yo ' know I iz the best man here ! yo ' say so yoself ! 79 . mickey ( almost apologetically to the crew ) why let Rocky here take a chance on cuttin ' or breakin ' a hand ? -- take a shower , dipper . dipper do not mouth I , old man , I will knock yo ' out too . c'mon , wop , spar I , let everybody see who 's get the heat around here . silence loom over the gym ... Apollo be apprehensive . the scene be become too real . the frighten television crew slyly begin put away they expensive equipment . dipper ( continue ; insanely ) man , yo ' best keep they camera out ! fight I , boy ! let creed here see the kind of punk he 's fightin ' ! Mike force he way through the crowd and stand behind Rocky . mike do not chance it , man -- he 's sick . mickey this be gettin ' outta hand -- Rocky will fight in the ring January first , not here ! dipper yo ' yellow , old man . mickey not yellow , cautious . ( to the crew ) see , it 's very easy for a fighter to accidentally hurt -- dipper suddenly step forward and slap Rocky very hard across the side of the head ... the gym become stone cold . dipper be in total command and enjoy every moment of it . 80 . dipper if yo be afraid to fight I , then get down a ' kiss my foot , boy . mickey look nervously around and know it 's only second before the blood will run ... Rocky stand motionless . mickey ( softly ) let 's take a walk , rock . please , do not take a chance . he want to hurt you so you can not fight . Rocky swallow he pride . he still have the string around he ankle . he start to shuffle away with mickey ... dipper step forward and viciously slap Rocky again . Mike jump forward . mike why you tryin ' to cut ' im , man ! back off , scumbag , or I will bite you face ! dipper cut loose with a hook and knock Mike flat . the room reek of fear ... Apollo 's eye flick back and forth between Rocky and dipper . Apollo tap he bodyguard and they begin to ease away . dipper ... now , boy , kiss my foot . Rocky eye he friend lie on the floor . he shuffles forward and stand before dipper . dipper ( continue ; almost in a whisper ) ... kiss them . Rocky look at mickey , then lower he eye to dipper 's foot ... dipper smile . Rocky start to bend towards the shoe . without warning , he explode with a pair of combination into dipper 's expose rib . a crack be heard and dipper sink to the floor writhe in pain ... the room be silent except for dipper 's moan . Apollo be stunne by the scene . the gym have become a very gloomy place . he eye Rocky with admiration and a hint of apprehension ... he leave . 81 . mickey be the first one to shake off the chill ... he shake he fist at the Reporters , and put he arm around Rocky . mickey the kid 's get cannon -- print that . the crowd disperse , leave dipper a pathetic and break figure lie on a dirty gym floor . int . rocky's apartment - night they enter the dismal apartment ... on the floor be at least ten telegram . Rocky scoops they up and toss they aside . next to the door be a pile of over a hundred telegram . adrian do not you open they anymore ? rocky they either say , ' kill the nigger ' or ' hope you die , honky . ' -- what ya get in the bag ? adrian step to the window . she pull a pair of short but lovely curtain from a shopping bag ... the colorful curtain glare in the dark room . adrian like ? rocky sharp -- Real nice . adrian really -- you do not think they be overly feminine ? rocky no ... sharp -- you look great . adrian smile and pull out a small Christmas wreath ... Rocky smile . his eye show what he feel for this woman . rocky adrian , you really look great , y'know -- but I can not fool around durin ' trainin ' -- make the leg weak . adrian do not want weak leg . 82. rocky can not fool around -- you look very great . adrian -- the leg . rocky yeah ... but I think weak leg be not bad sometimes , y'know . Rocky approach in a seductive manner . adrian uncharacteristically remove she sweater . underneath be a T-shirt that read " win , Rocky , win . " adrian I think it might be cute . rocky ya right -- ( laugh ) mebbe we best just hold hand -- the shirt make I feel guilty , y'know . scene fade . ext . STREET - pre-dawn Rocky be run ... for extra weight he carry he huge dog , butkus . after a half a block he sag under the weight , and laugh , begin to wrestle with the dog on the pavement ... Rocky try to sneak away from the dog , but after a few step the beast see he and chase he down the street . ext . eastern packing company - dawn it be early morning and as usual Rocky jog to the meathouse . he be follow by he new dog , butkus . he be stop short when he notice several television news van park out front . int . eastern packing company - dawn he and the dog enter the freezer area and see several reporter and man with mini-cameras milling around ... paulie be wait for he -- Rocky be upset and go outside . paulie follow . 83. ext . eastern packing company - dawn paulie yo , rock . I make a few phone call a ' thanks to I ya goin ' to be a big man -- thatta dog ? rocky whatta this guy want ? paulie to see ya train . rocky yo , what 's with you ? -- it be suppose to be private . paulie I think I be doin ' ya a favor -- c'mon inside -- y'know , my sister really like ya . Rocky follow paulie inside . int . eastern packing company - day a reporter point in Rocky 's direction and suddenly he be surround and lead into the freezer area and position beside a slab of hang beef . the camera light go on . commentator just relax , Mr. balboa -- ( to the camera ) today we be here with heavyweight challenger , Rocky balboa . the reason we be stand in a refrigerate box be that Mr. balboa have a unusual method of training and in a moment he be go to demonstrate it for we view audience -- but first , Rocky , how do you ever come to train in a icebox ? rocky ah -- my buddy paulie let I in one day a ' I hit the beef here a ' like it -- a ' since I become a challenger , the owner do not mind neither . 84 . commentator be this a common training method -- I mean do other fighter pound raw meat ? rocky I think I and paulie invent it . commentator would you give we a demonstration ? Rocky step over to a hang beef and begin pound with incredible intensity ... everyone present be take aback . Rocky complete hit the meat and stand there with he hand drip beef blood . the commentator be unnerve and Rocky look straight into the camera lens and hold up he bloody fist . commentator ... Diane Lewis in the meathouse with the southpaw , Rocky balboa . int . jergen ' office - day Apollo sit behind jergen ' desk . jergen be not present . four middle - age and young type and creed 's lawyer sit around the desk . the desk be flow with form and chart . apollo how much be be channel into West Coast close - circuit advertising ? lawyer Three hundred thousand . apollo make it four hundred a ' fifty . ( to young man ) send two hundred rose to the mayor 's wife from I , get a picture a ' make sure it get all the papers . businessman # 3 do ya want to run the fifteen radio spot in the mid-west ? I think you could spend the money better in canadian publicity . 85 . apollo yeah , I would like to get Canada -- see , if we can get a tax break -- gimme the figure on the Program concession . meanwhile , the trainer sit across the room in a darken corner look at a small television . he be watch Rocky 's bloody exhibition on the news ... he wave at Apollo . trainer ( worried ) Apollo , you oughta come see this boy you be gonna fight on tv -- look like he mean business . Apollo be still engross in he paperwork . apollo I mean business , too -- ( to man ) the gross rental of the arena be gonna include the four hundred usher , right ? -- gimme some coffee . ext . paulie' STREET - night it be a moonless night and paulie stagger across the street and enter he building ... he stagger up the stair . int . paulie' apartment - night paulie remove he coat and toss it listlessly in a chair ... he rub he red eye and sway into the kitchen . he take a bottle of wine out of the icebox . as he swill the wine he hear the SOUND of Rocky 's and adrian 's voice travel from he sister 's room . paulie 's face tighten and he stagger towards the bedroom . he stand outside the bedroom door and peer through a crack ... Rocky , adrian , and the dog be watch tv in the otherwise darken room . adrian ... and he call the reporter -- rocky yeah ... threw my whole day off . 86 . adrian do not be mad at he -- he just want to help . rocky yo -- I be not mad . I be just outta joint when reporter be around -- they take cheap shot an' paulie know it . adrian ... be you go to say anything to he ? rocky ... what 's to say ? I dunno what he want from I -- fill with uncontrollable anger , paulie smashes into the room . paulie nothin ' ! I want nothin ' from you !!! adrian paulie ! paulie shutup ! I want nothin ' -- I be not no charity case ! get outta my house ! adrian it 's not you house -- paulie you be not no friend no more -- go home ! outta my house I want ya ! adrian do not talk like that to he ! paulie get outta my life both of ya 's . paulie kick the door out of frustration and appear to be border on a nervous breakdown . paulie ( continue ) outta my house I want ya !! 87 . rocky ... it 's cold outside , paulie . paulie go to the live room closet and remove a baseball bat ... Rocky and adrian quickly follow . paulie I do not want ya messin ' up my sister no more -- he 's scum from the corner , I do not raise ya to hang with no bum ! adrian be speechless ... Rocky move towards paulie . paulie ( continue ; raise the bat ) ... wanna hit on I ? c'mon -- c'mon , I will break both ya arm so 's they never work ... Rocky freeze ... adrian ... paulie . stop now ! paulie I want ' im outta here -- ( to Rocky ) do not think I be good enough to work for gazzo ? ( spit ) that 's what I think of bum like you a ' gazzo ! ( spit again ) you be goin ' up a ' do not care enough to throw paulie some crumb ! ( spit ) I give ya meat , an' I give ya my sister , too ! adrian only a pig would say that ! paulie smashes a small table with the bat . paulie ( to adrian ) you forget what I go through to give ya the best . 88. adrian you give I what ?! knot ! you give I knot in here every day -- you make I scared of everything ! paulie I always see ya have the best , but do ya ever think of puttin ' in a good word for I with this scumbag ! paulie smashes a large lamp with the bat . adrian do not do that again ! paulie get away from I -- I could never even get marry ' cause you could not live by yaself -- ya would die by yaself ! so instead I put you two together -- do ya think of puttin ' in a good word for I ? -- you owe I ! adrian owe you what ? paulie you owe I a ' be suppose to treat I good ! adrian good ? good , paulie ?! I have be treatin ' you like a baby . since I can not remember it 's so long -- I be the only one who feed you a ' put you in bed when ya can not stand up -- and it 's you that make I feel like a loser -- that 's what ya use to call I ' loser ' -- what kind of name be that ? so can ya blame I for not remember to talk about you when I be with Rocky -- I do not owe you , paulie , you owe I . the brother flare up and threaten adrian with the bat . paulie you bust ?! 89 . adrian what ?! paulie you a virgin ? -- ya let ' im in ya pants , do not ya ! ya pull down ya pants a ' let he have it , do not ya !! mortify , adrian run to she room ... Rocky step to paulie . rocky ( fume ) hey -- paulie cock the bat back and tense ... Rocky remain still . paulie ( softly ) ... I can not haul meat no more . rocky what can I do about it ? paulie Christ , I be beggin ' ya for a break until I be sick inside . rocky what break ? huh ? what break ! who be I to give break ! I be a fighter , you haul meat . you do what you do a ' I do what I do best -- that 's it -- that 's life , man ! paulie look ashamed ... Rocky walk , then return . rocky ( continue ) ... a ' what ya say to my girlfriend be not right -- do it again , I will kill ya . Rocky go into the bedroom ... adrian have bury she face in a pillow ... she be rock slightly . Rocky cradle she and kiss she cheek . rocky ( continue ) wanna hear a dirty joke ? 90 . adrian ( smile ) ... yes -- int . mickey' office - day mickey be in he cluttere office above the gym ... the room be dark . blanket be tack over the window . Rocky be watch 8 mm movie of Apollo creed in action ... Rocky watch with intense concentration as the fighter move like a huge dancer around the ring . mickey his defense be great , can not lie ' bout that -- you have a rollin ' style . can not retreat as fast -- but you style be not retreatin' . they both watch the flicker image . mickey ( continue ) see how he play sometimes -- drive he cornerman nut . nobody know he next move -- him include . they watch more action ... creed have a fighter helpless against the rope . mickey ( continue ) killer instinct -- ya both get the killer touch . interestin ' . see that ! -- right -cross combination . beautiful . but you get the power to rip the body . they watch more action . mickey ( continue ) Rocky , when ya climb into the square , a ' know ya ' meetin ' the best fighter in the world , ya ' gonna be ready , ya ' gonna be ready ' cause I be waitin ' for fifty year -- fifty year . when I be do with you , you will gonna be able to spit nail . ( more ) 91 . mickey ( cont 'd ) you will gonna be able to eat lightin ' and crap thunder -- you will be a very , very dangerous person ... the scene fade on mickey 's voice and Rocky stare transfix at the image project on the wall ... int . goldmill be gym - day Rocky be pound the heavy bag with intense concentration . as he strike from all angle , mickey instruct . int . goldmill be gym - later Rocky now work on the incline situp board ... while do situp , he pound himself in the stomach with a dumbbell . the pain be evident on he face . int . goldmill be gym - still later pushup between two chair as Mike sit on he shoulder ... mickey coach drive he on . int . goldmill be gym - still later Mike have on a pair of target glove and Rocky move around the ring swinging at they . int . goldmill be gym - still later drenched in sweat , Rocky hum the speed bag . his expression be hard and flushed . mickey click a stopwatch and pat Rocky 's shoulder ... he be very happy . int . goldmill be gym - still later Rocky have just complete exercise with the medicine ball ... dino hand he a towel ... paulie cross the gym as Rocky head to the steam room ... a thin man cross the gym and mickey nod . mickey what cha say , benny -- meet ' the rock . ' this be we cutman , benny stein . rocky yo , benny . mickey check the eye , Ben . 92 . benny check the skin around Rocky 's eye . benny ai not bad . see worse -- cover up a ' thing should be okay . mickey take a shower . head towards the shower , Rocky be intercept by paulie who traverse the gym . he stop Rocky at the shower room entrance . paulie yo , rock , I think I find a angle to make some bread usin ' ya name , ya mind ? exhausted , Rocky study paulie 's face a moment and nod ' yes .'... Rocky sway into the shower room and paulie stride off . ext . STREET - day running ... Rocky 's crowd of trail boy have triple . dash through the street , he resemble the pied piper . ext . art museum stair - day it be twilight and Rocky be alone at the very bottom of a huge flight of step that seem to stretch into the heaven ... Rocky take a deep breath and sprint up the never-end stair ... halfway up , he body show the strain . near the top , Rocky pump with all he strength and arrive at the very top ... he look down the steep stair and swell with pride ... he be ready . int . mayor' office - day Rocky be lead into Mayor rizzo 's office by a aide ... Rocky be very nervous as he approach the mayor , who be seat behind he wide desk . mayor sit down , Rocky . flip open a thick file that lay in front of he . 93. mayor ( continue ) I have be go over you record -- you have be the busy type -- ( read ) nineteen arrest -- probation three time -- expell from seven public school in 1964 and ' 65 . Rocky try to sink into the chair . mayor ( continue ) I be a very busy man , but I just want to remind you that you will be set a example for thousand of guy like yourself and maybe start they off in a new direction and give we police force a break -- I also hope you try you very best and bring pride to Philadelphia . rocky ... I will try . the mayor press a button and a photographer enter . mayor would you stand up , please . Rocky rise and the mayor shake he hand ... they picture be take three time ... the photographer exit . mayor ( continue ) thank you for come by , Rocky -- good luck . rocky ( turn ) any time . mayor ( sit ) wait ... after the fight you will have nearly a hundred and fifty thousand dollar -- what do you plan to do with it ? 94 . rocky ( smile ) ... run for mayor . the mayor be shocked at first but then break into a big , friendly laugh , and Rocky exit . int . rocky's apartment - night adrian and Rocky be at he apartment . they be look at new scrapbook . Newsweek Magazine : headline : " the italian stallion or donkey ? " -- Philadelphia Magazine -- Rocky stand with the mayor . adrian Rocky , do you realize everybody in this country know you face , and after the fight everybody in the world be go to . rocky yeah ... she flip through Sports illustrate , the american sportsman , Ring Magazine , World box , true , and a multitude of other clipping . the telephone ring ... Rocky rise and walk to the new white object hang on the wall . rocky ( continue ) my first call ... hello ? yeah , speakin ' -- who be this ? Bruce ? Bruce who ? -- yo , Bruce ! how ya be ? I be not see ya for nine or eight year -- yeah , thing be great , how 's thing with you upstate -- ya sellin ' real estate , hey , that 's a good job ... yeah , I gotta advance , but I buy ringside seat for the guy at the gym . I get the hundred a ' fifty grand after the fight ... adrian overhear the statement . 95 . rocky ( continue ) ... yeah , I know it 's a lotta money -- Condominiums ? nobody use they anybody . listen , I think a pet shop be a good investment , y'know -- I do not care ' bout long hour -- there 's no depreciation -- that do not matter none to I -- yeah , I like animal . why do not ya give I ya number a ' I will call ya back ? lemme getta pencil -- Rocky make no motion to get a pencil . rocky ( continue ) okay , what be it -- four - twelve 659 - 2424 . yeah , yeah , thanks for callin ' -- sure I will get back to ya , Bruce -- see ya . Rocky hang up . adrian what be that you say about a pet shop ? rocky ( distant ) ... what ? adrian what do you say about a pet shop ? rocky I do not want ya cleanin ' nobody else 's cage no more . adrian be everything all right ? rocky I gotta go out for a while . Rocky grab he coat and move to the front door . rocky ( continue ; to dog ) ... come . 96 . int . goldmill be gym - night Rocky arrive at goldmill 's gym ... he unlock the gym 's door . Rocky and the dog move through the eerie shadow of the gym . Rocky move across the gym with he dog and move up the step to mickey 's office ... at the top of the stair he look down at the ring , reflect for a moment , then enter the office . int . mickey' office - night after turn on the light , he quickly clean the cluttere desk and set up the projector ... he go to the cabinet and remove a stack of 16 mm film . dissolve to : int . mickey' office - several hour later the office clock indicate it be several hour later . Rocky be engross in watch another Apollo creed film . he sit motionless . Rocky sit upright . something catch he eye ... he spring at the projector . he rerun the scene several time . dissolve to : int . mickey' office - several hour later several hour later Rocky be engross in watch another Apollo creed film ... he sit motionless . something catch he eye . Rocky stop the projector as Apollo be deliver a knockout blow to a unfortunate opponent . Rocky move right up to freeze frame and inspect it like it be a priceless painting ... he back off and begin write on a note pad . dissolve to : int . mickey' office - dawn the first light of dawn stream through mickey 's filthy window ... Rocky be slump in a chair and it be apparent he have lose interest in watch the movie . the film have complete its run through the projector and lazily flop around on the top reel ... listlessly Rocky rub he reddene eye . 97 . the door open and mickey flip on the light ... the two man stare at each other for a long moment . mickey study Rocky 's despondent expression and know what be on the fighter 's mind . mickey ... I know what you be thinkin'm kid -- at least ya gotta shot -- all ya can do be try ya ' best . Rocky stand and , with he dog , inch past mickey and exit the room . mickey walk over and turn off the projector . he idly push the machine with a lazy motion until it slide off the desk and crash to the floor . ext . STREET - dawn after leave mickey 's gym , Rocky and he dog listlessly move down the street and head for home . int . rocky's apartment - day Rocky arrive at he apartment ... adrian be asleep on the couch . he lower himself beside she . her eye open . rocky ... can not do it . adrian ... what ? rocky ... I can not beat he . adrian Apollo ? rocky yeah , I can not beat he . adrian touch he face . rocky I be watchin' the movie -- studyin ' -- he be not weak nowhere . adrian what be we go to do ? rocky ... I dunno . 98 . adrian oh , Rocky -- you work so hard . rocky it be not so bad , ' cause I be a nothin ' before -- adrian do not say that . rocky c'mon , it 's true -- but that do not bother I -- I just wanna prove something ' -- I be not no bum ... it do not matter if I lose ... do not matter if he open my head ... the only thing I wanna do be go the distance -- that 's all . nobody 's ever go fifteen round with creed . if I go they fifteen round , a ' that bell ring a ' I be still standin ' , I be gonna know then I be not just another bum from the neighborhood ... adrian touch Rocky 's face ... the fighter gently lower himself beside he woman . rocky ( continue ) ... no foolin ' around . int . arena - night it be the night of the bicentennial fight ... the location be the Philadelphia spectrum . the spectrum be fill to capacity ... grandly dress celebrity and wealthy fight fan lower themselves into they ringside seat . nearly everyone be hold a red , white , and blue sweater ... the arena be decorate in ton of patriotic red , white and blue . High above the ring be huge poster of GEORGE WASHINGTON - abe lincoln - dr . martin luther king , JR . - BEN franklin - and apollo creed . int . apollo' dressing room - night Apollo creed sit in he dress room ... it be dead silent except for some noise that filter under the door from the arena . 99 . it be a close - up of Apollo 's hand be tape ... the rasping SOUND of the adhesive tape be very pronounce . int . rocky's dressing room - night the atmosphere be identical to Apollo 's dress room . adrian watch in silence as Mike wrap Rocky 's hand . again , the most pronounce SOUND be the rasping of the adhesive tape . int . apollo' dressing room - night Apollo 's other hand be be wrap . Dead silence except for the tape and apollo' breathing . int . rocky's dressing room - night Rocky 's other hand be be wrap in a close - up . the only SOUND be the tape and rocky's mount breathing pattern . int . apollo' dressing room - night close - up of drop be place in he nose to help increase he intake of oxygen . the tremendously magnify SOUND of apollo taking in AIR . int . rocky's dressing room - night close - up of the drop be place in Rocky 's nose . int . apollo' dressing room - night a heavy coating of vaseline be apply around the Champion 's eye ... in a extreme close - up , the eye shine brightly with the grease . int . rocky's dressing room - night grease be smear around Rocky 's eye ... in the extreme close - up several deep scar be see . int . apollo' dressing room - night close - up of Apollo 's trainer digging he finger deeply into the thick neck muscle of Apollo 's upper back and neck . int . rocky's dressing room - night close - up of Mike 's arm wrap around Rocky 's waist and lift he diaphragm up ... magnify breathing roar from the screen . 100 . int . apollo' dressing room - night Apollo 's trainer slip a mouthpiece into Apollo 's mouth . Apollo shake he head and the trainer remove it and place another one in the champ 's mouth ... creed nod yes . int . rocky's dressing room - night everyone present be motionless as Rocky be in the bathroom . alone , Rocky be on he knee praying . complete he silent prayer , he stand and look at himself in the mirror . suddenly a wave of emotion sweep over he as he think that in a few moment he will face the most overwhelming challenge of he life . out in the dress room , the door open and a guard lean in and nod that it be time . he leave ... Rocky step out . mickey ... it 's time , kid . Rocky nod and move toward adrian . adrian ... I will wait for you here . Rocky nod and she kiss he . the fighter leave with he trainer ... adrian be on the verge of tear . int . hallway - night Rocky , mickey and Mike start down the long hallway ... up ahead be three security guard ... Rocky rub he bare shoulder . rocky yo , Mick , can I have my rob ? Rocky put on the robe ... embroider across the back in flame letter be : " the italian stallion " * pennzoil * Mike help he into the robe ... mickey be not amused . mickey do not you care what the people will say ? rocky ... I be doin ' it for a friend . 101 . mickey whatta you get outta this ? rocky I get the robe an' paulie get three grand . mickey ... shrewd . int . arena - night two ringside commentator sit in front of a panel of close circuit television . commentator # 1 we would like to welcome we view audience to the Grand World championship bicentennial heavyweight fight -- the first major event of the bicentennial Year ... a point of interest be that the fight be be beam to more than seven hundred and fifty million fan in theatre in nearly every corner of the world . I would like to welcome a old friend , and co - commentator for this evening 's event -- Jimmy michael . commentator # 2 thank you , Bob . the electricity be everywhere tonight . Rocky balboa , a fifty - to - one underdog , be live a cinderella story which have capture people ' imagination all over the world -- to quote a popular sport magazine , ' the fight style should be ' the caveman against the cavalier . ' from the increase in sound it appear the challenger be now approach the ring ... his record be forty - four win , twenty loss and thirty - eight knockout . commentator # 1 I only wonder if this man have the skill to go past three round -- Vegas odd say , ' no . ' 102 . another angle a wedge of uniform guard knife down the aisle to the ring . many people wish Rocky well as he pass ... people also hurl insult . from the expression on mickey 's face it be also the great night of he life . in the audience be familiar face from the gym . from the back of the arena a roar go up ... Apollo creed be in a mock boat dress like George Washington . he throw silver dollar . the noise build to deafening proportion . creed 's trainer hold the rope and creed bound into the ring . he tear off the Washington outfit and it be clearly see that Apollo creed be garbe in a outrageous uncle Sam outfit ... on he head be a red , white and blue sequine top hat . the robe be sequine red , white and blue . his box trunk be red , white and blue silk with star around the waistband . the box shoe match the trunk . on he chin be a point white uncle Sam beard . commentator # 2 you could go deaf with the noise -- it undoubtedly mean Champion Apollo creed be head towards the ring -- commentator # 1 be I see right ? creed be approach the ring in a boat . be he suppose to be George Washington ? obviously so . commentator # 2 it 's be confirm that it be definitely a impersonation of George Washington -- a great way to start 1976 off . commentator # 1 I agree . immediately creed begin gracefully dance in a wide circle . he pass within inch of Rocky in he uncle Sam outfit . apollo I want you ! I want you ! the crowd love the taunting . Apollo creed float back to he corner . mickey do not let ' im get you tight . 103 . rocky whatta ya think that outfit cost ? another angle the announcer step to the center of the ring ... several man in suit stand against the rope ... paulie be dress nicely and sit at ringside with a pretty blonde escort . Rocky wave at he . paulie wave back and secretly gesture at he date ... Rocky smile and gesture back . announcer lady and gentleman -- welcome to the bicentennial heavyweight championship fight ... we be very proud to have with we four former great champion ... lady a ' gent , ' the one and only ' manassa mauler ' -- Jack Dempsey ! ' the crowd roar and jack dempsey wave and go to creed 's corner , then Rocky 's . dempsey good luck , kid . he move off . rocky ( to mickey ) Christ , Jack Dempsey . another angle the announcer point and the timekeeper ring the bell . announcer former middleweight Champion -- ' the bronx bull ' -- Jake lamotta ! jake LA motta raise he fist and give best wish to both contender ... timekeeper ring the bell . another angle announcer ( continue ) the man with the big punch -- everybody 's favorite , ' the Brown bomber ' -- Joe Louis ! 104 . joe louis bow and step to creed 's corner . creed strike a box pose and Louis toss a playful punch . rocky they must be friend . another angle announcer now , last but certainly not least -- the former heavyweight Champion , a son of Philly , smoke Joe frazier ! frazier rumble to the center of the ring . the crowd cheer . Apollo put on a show ... he grimace and gesture like he 's go to attack frazier . his cornerman hold he back . they laugh . frazier go to Rocky 's corner . frazier save some of he for I . another angle the commentator beckon to frazier as he exit the ring . commentator # 1 the former champ look great -- can we get Joe over here -- here he come . Joe frazier stand in front of the commentator . commentator # 1 ( continue ) Joe , what be you feeling about tonight 's fight ? frazier well , I think any man who work a ' train hard always gotta chance . commentator # 2 you look in great shape , Joe . frazier I be always in shape . Joe laugh and exit . the timekeeper ring the bell . 105 . another angle announcer ... now for the evening 's main event -- in the corner to my right , the Challenger , wear white trunk -- at one hundred a ' ninety - one pound , one of Philly 's own son -- ' the italian stallion , ' Rocky balboa ! a good crowd response . another angle announcer in the far corner , wear red , white a ' blue -- weigh in at two hundred and ten pound -- undefeate in forty - six fight -- the heavyweight Champion of the World -- ' the master of disaster ' -- Apollo creed ! the arena explode and creed put on a display of hand speed . another angle the referee motion to both fighter ... they step to the center of the ring . as the referee explain the rule Apollo and Rocky stare hard into each other 's eye ... the referee 's voice fade and the fighter ' expression fill the screen ... something soulful and frightening be be communicate . referee ... now come out fight . the fighter return to they corner . mickey God bless ya , rock . rocky thanks , Mick -- I be gonna try . another angle the bell ring ... creed dance forward and box Rocky as though he consider the man a amateur . 106 . another angle commentator # 1 the champ sting the slower challenger with jab at will -- balboa block eighty percent of the blow with he face -- creed do not look the best he 's ever be but be move smoothly -- creed snap out a triple combination that back balboa into a corner -- oh , a solid hook by creed , a master of fist-man . commentator # 2 the Champion be smile and toy with the man -- try to give the fan they money 's worth and make a show of it with the badly out - class challenger -- another leave to right combination . I feel sorry for -- commentator # 1 creed be down !!! another angle Rocky suddenly explode with a upsw hook to the jaw . creed be drop . the arena explode . creed 's eye show disbelief . so do Rocky 's . Rocky back into he corner ... mickey and Mike yell at he . mickey you can do it ! goddamnit , you get the power ! the body , get the body !!! ya get he goin ' ! referee six !... Seven !... eight !... creed be up ... his playful attitude be go ... he be now all business . his lightning jab sting Rocky 's face repeatedly . apollo ... come at I , sucker ! Rocky charge and a terrific right crash against Apollo 's chin , follow by a uppercut to the liver that cause creed to cringe ... 107 . Apollo counter with jab and Rocky whip brutal combination to the body . the bell ring . rocky's corner rocky how be I doin ' ? mickey Real good . rocky see how fast he be -- damn ! mickey breathe deep -- keep ya chin down !! use the leg and drive through ' im . attack -- attack -- attack ! apollo' corner Apollo do not sit . he stand and clown with the spectator to prove he be not hurt . apollo ( to trainer ) ... that boy damn near break my arm . trainer sure -- he can hit -- do not play no more -- stick a ' move , hear ? apollo I will carry he ' till the third . trainer do not play with this man , he 's fightin ' hard -- let them feel some real heat ! another angle the bell for the second round ring ... Rocky rush out fast and furious . Apollo melt out a leave hook that raise a goose egg over Rocky 's eye ... Apollo employ footwork that dazzle Rocky . he have class . he study Rocky and employ he lightning jab with cut accuracy . still Rocky shuffles ahead , bombard creed 's midsection with hook . 108 . another angle the round end with Apollo assault Rocky with blind combination and deliver a stupendous right cross that fling Rocky into the rope and shatter he nose ... the round end . another angle Apollo stand in he corner and joke with the fan , but he be beginning to show the strain from the body punch . apollo man , I rearrange he face with that right -- the people love what 's happenin ' tonight . trainer people nothin' , you in a fight , my man , -- ya best believe what you hear ... knock that boy out soon a ' let 's go home . another angle Rocky sit as mickey and benny try to reduce the swell around he eye ... the nose be shattered . mickey ya nose be break . rocky damn ! how 's it look ? mickey can not hardly tell . do not swallow the blood -- go for he rib . do not let ' im breathe . rocky ... the guy 's great . mickey why do not ya tell ' im you be a fan ! another angle the commentator be catch up in the action . they speak rapidly into they microphone . 109 . commentator # 2 if you have ask anyone who know box , they never would have predict a first round knockdown and the second round punishment to the body of the Champion ... most fighter will tell you , receive a good body punch be the next worst thing to die . commentator # 1 round three ready to start and should be interesting to see if creed can put the challenger away -- there go the bell . another angle round three ... Apollo come out dance . he skip and side - step Rocky 's sledgehammer hook . a expert ring general , Apollo use the ring fully . Rocky keep tear in and creed meet the bombing attack that cause thick swell ... near the end of the round Rocky fire a penetrate punch to the heart . commentator # 1 Apollo almost sprint out of he corner -- feint and throw a pair of left-right combination . balboa drop beneath a leave upper cut and land a very solid shot on creed 's temple -- not much movement from balboa , duck a leave , a right , another leave and explode with a right hook to the temple -- I mean explode . the champ back off . commentator # 2 there 's no way Apollo expect this kind of hit power . commentator # 1 no way -- but the brilliant ability of the Champion to master situation like this be one of he most outstanding trait -- creed toss a perfect right hand that rock Rocky . ( more ) 110 . commentator # 1 ( cont 'd ) creed on the offensive -- balboa take the punishment and counter with a leave flush over the heart ... that hurt . the wallop knock Apollo off balance ... the camera goe to a steep angle shot from the floor , vertically up Apollo 's body . the scene goe into slow motion ... Rocky release a terrifying uppercut that open a gash under creed 's eye . creed 's face contort with excruciation . trainer ( yell ) cover you face ! cover up ! ( to Assistant ) my man 's cut , my man 's bleedin ' -- get ready ! another angle the bell sound . Apollo 's corner work frantically to close the wound ... the ring doctor inspect the cut . trainer bad ? talk to I , man ! doctor deep , but passable . apollo ( stare at Rocky ) ... that man 's takin ' he job too serious . trainer he 's movin ' to you leave -- do not let he no more -- dance and stick , hear ? do not play -- I know what ya feelin' , but do not play . apollo he get lucky . trainer luck ! you fightin ' a crazy man -- but you get he hurt bad . ( to Assistant ) more ice , now ! 111 . another angle Rocky 's face be in very bad shape , not cut , but wretchedly swollen around the eye . mickey how you holdin ' up , kid ? rocky Fine ... that guy 's great . mickey gimme the water ! ya getttin ' tag with he right . I think you should feint leave and high hook ' im -- benny , check the eye ! can ya see ? rocky ( stand ) see what ? mike ya sappin ' he strength -- he 's losin ' steam . rocky he be not losin ' nothin' . mickey keep on he -- you be doin ' great . series of shot in the next ten round , Apollo cut and slashes Rocky to ribbon , but pay dearly ... both he eye and lip be cut . welt across he midsection attest to Rocky 's body - batter . int . rocky's dressing room - night adrian be unable to remain alone ... she be lure by the growing roar of the fan ... she exit the dress room . int . arena hall - night stepping out of the dress room she walk down the corridor . the mounting cheer make she speed up . she open the door at the end of the corridor and be hit by a thunderous wave of SOUND . the guard at the door inspect she and go back to watch the fight . 112 . int . arena - night adrian stand at the rear of the arena and watch the battle . she be entrance by the power of it all . back in the ring , Rocky keep grind ahead . he plant a thumping leave over the Champion 's heart and creed wince ... Rocky be game but lose . at ringside paulie be frantic ... he be live the fight from he seat . Mr. gazzo and he bodyguard watch from the second row . gazzo look proud . the bodyguard , impassive . int . andy be bar - night a huge and lively crowd look up at the television over the bar ... they see Rocky drive creed against the rope and cheer loudly . andy ... the rock 's get real stone . int . arena - night the man be fight with appall tenacity . Rocky rip and tear into the body ... Apollo counter with a ceaseless stream of rapier- like left ... the Challenger be seriously outclass . apollo c'mon -- lemme cut yo '! Rocky wade in and creed employ incredible footwork . he set himself and cut loose with a thunderbolt right cross to Rocky 's already break nose . blood spray from the wound and red droplet drip from he chin ... Rocky take a merciless beat and be staggered by a torrent of combination . Rocky 's eye be close . but creed can not drop he ... the bell ring . another angle the commentator shift in they seat . commentator # 1 without a doubt this be the most punish brawl I have ever see -- the ringside audience be spot with blood . ( more ) 113 . commentator # 1 ( cont 'd ) this fight should have be stop round ago but Rocky balboa refuse to fall -- commentator # 2 not only have he refuse to fall , but he have beat the Champion 's body without mercy and the bout have become a vicious slugfest . another angle Apollo 's corner be in turmoil ... the Champion be definitely hurt . apollo my side . trainer ( to Assistant ) get that doctor . apollo no doctor ! trainer you be hurtin ' , man ! apollo no doctor !... I be feelin ' good , bro ! another angle in Rocky 's corner , thing be frantic . his eye be swollen shut . mickey wanna keep goin ' ? rocky would you keep goin ' ? mickey ... yeah . mike no more , ya wanna lose a eye ? no more . 114 . rocky open my eye -- please , open my eye ! mickey nod to benny . he secretly place a small ring knife between he index and middle finger . in one smooth movement he drag the razor over the blood welt and quickly cover the drain wound with gauze ... it be do so quickly no one be ever aware of the operation . another angle at the rear of the arena adrian look transfix at the ring . she be catch up in the heat of the battle . another angle the bell ring for round fourteen . Rocky bore in close , but Apollo still have spring in he leg . he seem determine to end it this round ... Apollo catch Rocky flush on the jaw . Rocky be staggered . like a wolf , Apollo cut loose with pure savagery . Rocky be drive against the rope and receive a devastating beat from the Champion ... Rocky be drop . Rocky sit stunne in the middle of the ring ... everything be a distortion . he look for familiar face as though to ask for help ... mickey and Mike scream frantically for he to stay down . referee six -- Seven -- eight -- Rocky get to he foot and tense with renew energy . he be like a wounded wild animal . the tide suddenly turn . Rocky drop low and catch Apollo with a pair of terrific body punch that seem to drive Apollo 's diaphragm up to he throat ... a crack be heard . a glaze of pain cover Apollo 's eye . it be only a supreme effort that keep the Champion upright ... Apollo be badly hurt . he be bent over . Rocky move towards Apollo . Apollo flick dread jab into Rocky 's eye ... the italian wade in with punch that seem to bulge out Apollo 's back . creed take the punishment like a stoic . blood be run from Apollo 's mouth . in the clinch he lean over Rocky and it drip down the italian 's neck and shoulder . Apollo shield he wound from the ringside judge and continue to fight . 115 . another angle the bell ring . Apollo 's man rush out and guide he to he corner . apollo ... rib break -- blood trickle from the corner of Apollo 's mouth . the trainer feel the rib . trainer yo ' bleedin ' inside , man -- get that doctor . apollo one more round . trainer do not kill yourself , man -- let the doctor stop the fight . apollo ... stop jivin ' ! trainer cover the rib -- look here , elbow down , tight -- tight -- stand straight -- you be the best , you be the best ! apollo ... thanks . another angle Rocky no longer resemble himself ... his face have completely be beat to jelly , but he mood be buoyant . rocky how I look out there , Mick ? mickey ( truly worried ) great , kid , great . the ring Doctor lean over Rocky and check the eye . doctor one more round -- how do you feel ? Rocky be approach the supreme moment of he life . he can not be bother with pain or doctor . 116 . rocky Fine -- go away , I be gonna make it -- I be gonna make it ! everyone be distraught over Rocky 's dangerous condition . mickey we gotta stop it , kid . mike ya give it ya best shot ! mickey nobody 's gonna say ya do not give ya all . I can not let ya go out . Rocky stand and eye they all . rocky ( impassion and quietly ) I will kill ya all ... do not stop nothin ' -- another angle the bell ring ... Apollo move cautiously out of he corner and circle to Rocky 's right . another angle the commentator stare unansweringly at the fighter . commentator # 1 the fight have slowed down to a near stand -still -- creed circle to Rocky 's right ... the spectrum be nearly silent -- neither fighter have make a motion to throw ... I have never see anything like it in the last round of a championship fight ... Apollo spit blood on the canvas . it appear he be protect he right side . his rib be probably injure at the end of round fourteen . ( more ) 117 . commentator # 1 ( cont 'd ) it 's confirm , unofficially , creed 's rib may be break -- Apollo fake a leave and throw a big tired right -- balboa 's mouthpiece be out ! creed attack with one hand ! another angle Apollo feint and Rocky fall for it . the Champion unleash a lethal blow to the side of the head that jolt Rocky 's mouthpiece into the second row ... Rocky sag against the rope in a crucify position ... the insane crowd leap to they foot . another angle Rocky 's bloody tooth snarl at Apollo and he wave he to come ahead and fight toe to toe ... Apollo oblige with a weary but effective burst of rights and left that have k.o. write on every punch . Rocky counter the assault blow for blow . rocky gimme ya best !!!! mickey look at the clock ... ten second to go . rocky ( continue ) gimme ya best !!! blood spray over the rope and onto the ringside photographer ... they be horrify and wipe away the blood . the fighter stand toe to toe and drag every remain bit of strength from they soul and beat each other without mercy . they look hypnotize and have enter a dimension far beyond blood and pain . six five four three two one ! another angle the bell ring ... the arena explode with thunderous approval . 118 . they cornerman rush to they collapse fighter ... in the midst of all the confusion both fighter look at each other with unabash respect -- they stand like blood - drench gladiator on the most dramatic night of they life . as though reacting to some unspoken command , they both step towards each other and embrace ... Apollo whisper in Rocky 's ear . apollo ... ai not gonna be no rematch . rocky ... do not want one . mickey come over and separate they and lead he back to he corner ... mickey embrace he . another angle the announcer enter the ring with a microphone . announcer attention , please !! attention !! lady and gentleman , tonight we have have the rare privilege to have witness the great exhibition of stamina and gut ever in the history of sport . the crowd roar . announcer ( continue ) lady and gentleman -- we have a split decision ! another angle Apollo do not expect this and tense . his corner nervously try to reassure he . it do no good . another angle Rocky do not expect this either and look in confusion at mickey , but mickey be freeze with anticipation . another angle announcer judge Walker score it eight - seven creed ... judge roseman score it eight - seven balboa . 119 . another angle Apollo be rigid . fear radiate from he eye . to lose the crown on this night after the fight he fight would kill he ... a silence have blankete the arena . another angle announcer judge conner score it nine - six creed ... winner and still heavyweight Champion of the World , Apollo creed ! another angle Rocky sorely smile and look at the wave of cheering fan that circle the ring and reach out towards he ... mickey grab Rocky 's hand and raise it . the crowd roar . mickey I do not care what they say , you be a winner . rocky yo , can I have my locker back ? mickey and Rocky look at each other and grin . mickey hug Rocky like a son . mickey raise Rocky 's hand again . Rocky turn away from mickey and pat benny the cut -man 's shoulder ... benny smile wearily . Rocky stare across the ring at Apollo creed , who stand victorious , but he face and body be badly distort ... the two man lock stare that reflect admiration . another angle Apollo climb out of the ring and the fan crush forward scream he name and wave red , white and blue banner . another angle Rocky also climb out of the ring and wave of frantic well - wishing fan rumble forward ... mickey 's eye show mount apprehension as the fan become abnormally active . another angle they shove the police aside and clutch wildly at creed . creed 's army of bodyguard swing angrily at the crowd but they be soon engulf by scream wave of humanity . Apollo be suddenly hoist into the air and be be carry along by a legion of fan . 120 . another angle on the opposite aisle Rocky be experience the same overwhelming adulation by he fan but do not seem to be frighten by it , like Apollo . mickey try he best to control thing but he voice be drown out in the grow clamor . the fan shove the guard aside and hoist Rocky to they shoulder . another angle Rocky 's and Apollo 's fan be aggressively compete against each other ... chant , ' creed , creed , creed . ' Rocky 's fan counter by bellow , ' Rocky , Rocky , Rocky . ' another angle paulie try to get to Rocky but be shove aside and he start swinging . another angle both Rocky and Apollo be completely at the mercy of the crowd . they be be pass overhead and remain helpless as they body float up the aisle on the sea of hand ... the chanting be deafening . another angle fearful that Rocky be in danger , adrian try to move forward . running headlong into the crowd , she angle through the mass to get to Rocky . another angle she be manhandle and shove in a multitude of direction , but she keep she foot ... she see he . in the distance , Rocky float into view and adrian flatten against the wall and wait for the procession to pass . the procession approach and she clearly see Rocky 's unbelievably batter but smile face . he appear to be king of the world . the procession approach and pass adrian . she jump on she toe and wave frantically but be not see . she scream Rocky 's name ... somehow the delicate voice knife through the racket and reach Rocky . Rocky frantically look in all direction and barely manage to see adrian jump up and down wave . the crowd be carry he away . he attempt to lower himself but the crowd will not permit it . 121 . Rocky instead turn and begin climb across people 's head and shoulder . he resemble a man try to go up a down escalator . people be jamme so tightly together Rocky manage to crawl across they to adrian . still suspend in air , Rocky lean down and adrian jump up and they lock in a embrace . adrian I love you -- I love you -- I love you ... the two be sweep along into the great night anyone can remember ... the end