rolling thunder by Paul schrader property of : american INTERNATIONAL picture 9033 wilshire boulevard beverly Hills , California 90211 ( 213 ) 278-8118 " Rolling Thunder " be the code name for air operation over North viet nam , 1965-1972 . two quote pre-credits Film open with two fade - in fade - out quote : white letter against a black field . there be no SOUND . first quote in the first two year after repatriation , 53.4 percent of the death of WWII ex - pow hold in the orient be attribute to violent cause : murder , suicide , in the act of crime or on the highway . this be a violent death rate four time the normal expectancy . -- from the report by the Committee on Veteran Medical problem , September , 1954 second quote we return prisoner - of - war be example of the high moral fiber ... which will help make this a nation ... free from crime . -~ Richard M. Nixon , " report on crime in America , '' March 14 , 1972 a pause , and then fading - in against the black field , red letter read : rolling thunder a short silence , and the credit song begin . CUT to : charlie come marching home credit credit be play over shot of viet nam pow disem ~ bark at Travis Air Force base . even before we cut from the title card , we hear the sharply punctuate beginning of a country & western song , ' go hide John " by Red sovine . " go hide John " 4s a upbeat , hard - drive song , full of violence and vengeance . in the song sovine , a sixtiesh redneck singer with a sandpaper voice , belt out the anger of a return soldier . when he sing " but I be alive ! '' he voice literally ripple with defiance . the credit be intersperse in a long emotional sequence and hopefully we will be able to play all of the lyric of " go hide John " ( the song run 2:45 ) . in any event , the lyric be worth listen to : '' go hide JOHN " " thank you , Operator . - ( a beat ) hello , Marie ? it 's I . I be back . go hide John , I be gonna get he . I swear I be gonna get he . " I write you how I feel from can ranh Bay , he burn he card then steal you love away , now I be back on the sweet side of the pond , and I think I would call and tell you go hide John . hide he well and tell he Hell wait on a airplane , I depart this California sky at dawn , you think the War and all its fire would kill I in the jungle , but I be alive , it 's time to go hide John . oh , you will get you divorce I promise you , but old John will not be in church to say I do , " go hide JOHN " ( cont would ) he help you cash and drink up all my bond , and I think I would call and tell you go hide John . hide he well and tell he Hell wait on a airplane , I depart this California sky at dawn , upon my word the next big bird he trouble come to Houston , and I think I would call and tell you go hide John . " I Love you , Marie , and I guess I still do . ( a beat ) but I be gonna get he . I swear I be gonna get hin . " meanwhile , we see the familiar scene of return pow : a giant Air Force starlighter taxi up to a 40 - foot red carpet . a cluster of high - rank af anxiously stand by . a push crowd of wife , child and relative strain for the first glimpse of the return prisoner . some be nervously talkative , some be impatiently silent ; all be near a frenzy of anticipation . home~made sign be sprinkle through the crowd . they read : welcome home we're all proud of you beautiful men ! jesus love you our heroe ! finally , the giant steel door slowly open . a cheer go up . a pow cautiously stick he head out of the plane . the crowd , as if through some secret signal , begin sing , " God bless America " in unison . the first pow walk down the ramp . he be greet en- thusiastically by the af representative . later ; he make a short speech . instead of peak , the scene instead become more lyric and emotional . in slowing motion and tracking shot we see shot of : 4 , ww a ecstatic pow wife break through the restrain line of soldier and rush into the arm of she await husband . ~- another sink to she knee with tear of joy . --a pow , be carry from the plane on a stretcher , pull himself up and wave to the crowd . ~- tearful stranger embrace . ~-a pow hold up a hand - make sign read : " GOD bless america . '' the return pow look gaunt , wear , but in good health . then , step off the plane , appear lt . colonel charle rane , '' we hero . " he instantly catch we eye . tough , individualistic , unsmile . about 35 - 45 . he make apology to no man . pass through the reception line he be enthusiastically greet by he wife janet and twelve ~ year~old son MARK . Janet quickly introduce Mark and rane , since they do not instantly recognize each other . cliff , wear a policeman 's uniform , stand in the crowd watch they closely . among the tight , uneasy face of the return prisoner , we also see the attractive young face of johnny vohden , a pow we will meet later . vohden be likewise greet by he family : he wife , young son and daughter , sister and brother - in - law . later : rane ride away in a af car with Janet and Mark . CUT to : aerial shot of Corpus christi , Texas , end credit cur to : the interview Charles rane and af Colonel william maxwell be seat behind microphone on a long interview table . a banner behind they head read : corpus christi welcomes home lt . col . charle rane name plate on the table identify rane and maxwell . rane 's sky ~ blue uniform be drape with a multi-color assortment of medal and decoration . more medal be place in a orderly row on the table before he . col . maxwell act only in a advisory capacity . as rane 's Air Force psychiatrist , he be assign to help " talk he down " during this transition period , the camera remain static throughout the interview . it do not pan or zoom ; we do not see the reporter , camera - man or photographer . Charles rane seem ill- at-ease throughout the interview . he try to be cooperative but really be not equip to handle this kind of intellectual question yet . he seem to have lose the knack of normal conversation . the ummove camera emphasize he uneasiness . question jump out of nowhere , anonymous tv camera grind behind bank of light , flashbulb pop erratically . the tenor of the interview indicate that rane have be back home at least a couple week . reporter 1 ( 0.s. ) how the folk in Corpus be treat you , Colonel rane ? rane have a delay reaction . it seem to take he a few extra second to respond to anything . rane good . yeah . good . reporter 2 ( 0.s. ) how do it feel to be back home after seven year in hanoi ? rane ( pause ) Nice , Real nice . reporter 3 ( 0.s. ) you have be describe by you fellow pow as a " gibralter of gut . " they say you be a moral inspiration to all the prisoner at the " hanoi Hilton . " would you care to describe any of you experience ? rane no. ( a beat ) not really . reporter 4 ( 0.8 . ) navy comdr . Jack abel tell reporter that you be strung upside down for three day by the North vietnamese . be that true ? col . maxwell interrupt : maxwell I do not know if that 's a proper question to ask Lt. Col. rane . rane ( interrupt ) no , it 's all right , Bill . ' they can ask anything they want . i'11 answer all they question . ' there be a embarrassed silence . reporter 4 ( 0.8 . ) well ? be it true ? rane yeah . it 's true . reporter 5 ( 0.8 . ) do they do this in order to make you make anti-war statement , Lt. Colonel ? rane ( a beat ) the V want I real bad . figur'td if they would get I , they would get the rest , too . yeah . reporter 6 ( 0.s. ) what method do they use to coerce you ? rane you know , all the stuff you have be read about . reporter 7 ( 0.s. ) be it true the prisoner be feed the same food as the guard ? rane no . that be just another fiction . reporter 8 ( 0.58 . ) do you blame the gis who make anti - war statement ? rane hesitates for a moment and look at Col. maxwell . rane well , I do not know what to say about that . I only do what I feel I must . ( look back at maxwell ) but some other feller hold a grudge , I will tell you that . reporter 9 ( 0.5 . ) Jane fonda say recently that the pow lie when they say they have be torture because they be obviously in good physical condition ... rane ( interrupt ) that bite ... rane 's eye flash . maxwell immediately interrupt he . maxwell ( under he breath ) Charlie . rane calm down . reporter 9 ( 0.s. ) well , what do you think of Ms. fonda 's statement ? rane ( hack -cough ) people like that only make we mountain higher to climb . that anti-war people . they just hurt . we be in there longer cause of then , reporter 10 ( 0.s. ) what do you think of President Nixon 's policy ? rane I support the President 100 % . he bring we peace with honor . I love this country and nobody could make I say different . reporter 11 ( 0.s. ) get back to you treatment under the North vietnamese . be it true that before 1969 , when the condition improve somewhat , you be beat , give electric shock , force to crawl through latrine fill with excrement ...? rane ( look toward maxwell ) I would rather not talk about it , you know . when we talk too much about it we either get angry or just cry . reporter 11 ( 0.5 . ) but surely you man , be such heroes ... rane ( interrupt ) you do not understand . I never do anything heroic , I survive . all the heroes die . reporter 12 ( 0.s. ) be it true you and you wife have file for divorce ? maxwell no it be not true and I think that question be entirely out of order . reporter 13 ( 0.8 . ) the businessman of Corpus christi , we have be tell , have give you a brand new cadillac . plus you have receive a color tv and many other gift . in addition the government recently give you a $ 124,000 check for back pay for hazardous duty . what be you go to do with all this money ? rane ( determine ) well I be not gonna put it in no bank , that 's for sure . that 's all that stand between I and seven year of dead time . that 's all I get to show . I be keep it and I be gonna spend it all on I . col . maxwell stand up , indicate the interview be over . he do not seem too pleased with the outcome , but rane be relieved . camera follow maxwell and rane as they work through the crowd of reporter , photographer and onlooker toward the exit . Janet and Mark , surround by af personnel , wait by the exit . as maxwell and rane elbow through the crowd , a statuesque TEXAS girl wear yellow slack and stack of blond hair walk toward Charlie . she keep she physical asset up front where everybody can see they . she brushes herself into rane ; he look back , somewhat startle . thrust she breast into he medal , she wrap she arm around he and say : TEXAS girl oh , you man be so brave . flashbulb pop as photographer catch the scene . rane smile awkwardly and the Texas girl disappear into the crowd . after she leave , rane realize she have put a piece of paper into he hand . he glance at it . it read : Linda forchet tr4-3265 he slip the paper into he pocket and greet he wife and son at the doorway . cuT to : 10 . memory wall maxwell 's af car pull up in front of the rane ' small isolate ranch - style farmhouse on the outskirt of Corpus christi . a bright red El dorado cadillac convertible ( top down ) sit in the dirt driveway . maxwell , Janet , rane and Mark get out of the car . Mark and rane lead the way as they walk up the sidewalk . rane Change you clothes and we will throw a football around , okay ? MARK sure . rane and he son have little in common but blood . in seven year they have develop very different sensi - bility . Mark wear he hair shoulder - length and dream of be Mick Jagger ; Charlie assume all young boy idolize baseball player and astronaut . they walk into int . live room . Mark go into he room to change and rane wander out into the back yard . the press conference be still unreel in he mind . maxwell and Janet stand in the live room and talk . behind Janet , above the scotchguard sofa , be Janet and Mark 's " memory Wall . " the memory Wall consist of ehronological row of picture of Charles rane take before and during he capture . this picture serve to keep he memory alive . the live room bear a woman 's touch : frilly curtain , knick -knack . in one corner stand a new 25 " tv stack with unopen present address to " Lt. Col. rane . " several pow reorientation pamphlet , include a " dictionary of slang " rest on the coffee table . maxwell wait until Charlie be out of earshot : maxwell how have he be , Janet ? janet he 's do all right , I think . he should get out more often . ( more ) il . janet ( cont 'd ) when he do not have anything to do he just sit all day . I have see he spend a hour make the bed . maxwell that 's not too unusual . he have to make the transition at he own speed . ( a beat ) how much longer will you be live here ? Janet be a handsome but somewhat bland woman . Ali she instinct be kind and generous but right now she 's try to juggle two life simultaneously . janet as long as he need I . a couple more week , a month if necessary . I just can not let he handle this ail alone . maxwell how do Charlie and cliff get along ? janet quite well , actually . cliff think Charlie 's quite a hero . maxwell he be . ( a beat ) when will you and cliff be get marry ? janet sometime in the fall . I be not sure yet . there 's no need to rush . maxwell we will have to have a long talk about this in a couple day . there will have to be some sort of statement to the press . everybody 's interested in Charlie . ( excuse himself ) I have get to run . I will just say goodbye to Charlie . maxwell give Janet a polite kiss and walk out back , 12 . maxwell walk across ext . backyard toward the barn where Charlie be stand . rane be poke around in the dirt with he foot . he turn as he hear maxwell walk toward he : rane hey , Bill . maxwell I have get to keep move , rane . do not forget the billboard thing in the morning and we have a meeting after that . rane I get it . maxwell ( touch he chest ) you still have the pain here ? rane come and go . I see the Doc regular . maxwell nod . Mark , dress in sneaker , jeans and a sweatshirt , walk toward they with a football . maxwell ( to Mark ) gonna throw some football , Mark ? MARK it be not even football season . maxwell you do not have to have season for everything . MARK I would rather be a surfer . rane ( step back ) throw it here , Mark . maxwell ( excuse self ) see you later . Mark hurl the football awkwardly at he father . Mark be not much of a quarterback and the ball wobble in rane 's general direction -- but then Charlie be not much of a end either , and he stab at the football like a man catch fly . 13 . after maxwell exit , rane , hold the football , stand and look at he son , not quite know what to do next . cur to : 14 . a guest for dinner suppertime , that same day . Janet , Charlie , Mark and cliff sit around the small kitchen table . cliff , Janet 's future husband , be wear he policeman 's uniform . he be about thirty and handsome in a average sort of way . his sharply starch blue uniform give he a sexiness he would not normally have . they pass around bowl of mashed potato , peas and roast beef . for the moment each seem more interested in eat than talk . on the wall behind rane be a grease - spatter map of viet nam with certain strategic location circle with a red Magic marker . finally Charlie break the silence : rane how be that new team they have in Houston , the Astros ? cliff ( look up ) I go to one of they game last year . ~ MARK they be not much good . Baseball 's dumb , anyway . cliff ( to Mark ) at least they be better than that wahoos up in Dallas , the Texas ranger . Washington D.C. 's reject . Mark giggle : there be a obvious rapport between he and cliff . janet Corpus be not part of Texas anyway . Janet be refer to a private joke between cliff and Mark , who respond with short chuckle . they do not mean to cut Charlie out of they little joke «= they just do not know how to get he in . cliff if they try to give we some of they loser team , we should succede from the state , 15 . janet nothing succeed like succession . they all giggle again . there 's a guest for dinner all right , but it be not clirr ~~ it 's Charlie . it 's as if he inadvertently walk in on somebody else 's family . rane they do not even have that astro team when I be here before , cliff Texas be the better for it , too . Mark giggle again ( everything cliff say be funny to he ) and there be another awkward silence . rane ( look around ) I think I will have a drink . you want a drink , cliff ? cliff ( eat ) ne , not yet , Charlie . Charlie reach over to a nearby cabinet and pull out a quart of j&b . Janet look on disapprovingly as he pour himself several finger . take a healthy swig , he feel the ripple of relaxation move through he body . rane I kinda like to see they Astros play , you know ? cur to : 16 . miss tammy and the empty coffin a large billboard somewhere in Corpus christi read : send a letter to hanoi : release lo. col . charle rane surrounded by local dignitary and photographer , Charles rane , axe in hand , stand at the base of the billboard . he pose awkwardly for the photographer before chopping down the last leg of the billboard . a cluster of aging Veteran , they uniform drip with decoration , beam with particular pride . the billboard fall and a cheer go up from the crowd . cuT to : int . col . maxwell' office . Charles rane sit in a large padded chair talk with Col. maxwell . it be a psychiatrist - patient relationship , a relationship somewhat complicated by the fact , however , that they be both wear they uniform . rane ramble on , speak as if to no one but himself : rane you know , Bill , it take I three day just to figure out how to tie my damn shoe . I feel like such a ass . maxwell Seven year be a long time . I would be happy if I know which shoe go where . rane ah , comeon , Bill . do not be so obvious . maxwell I be suppose to be obvious , rane . so you can see it . because in the end only you can help yourself . rane so what else be go to help I ? carting I around and praise I for a bunch of crap I never do ? I do not know if anything can help . 17 . rane ( cont 'd ) sometimes I can not sleep at night and get up and feel I just gotta tear something . like the Naval Air base -- would not that be something for you headline , Bill ? ( pause ) they owe I something , you know , something more than money . maxwell why ? rane you know . maxwell a lot of people think the war be immoral . do you think that , Charlie ? rane ( irritate ) of course not . but they money do not solve everything either . sometimes I think they send back a empty body and I be not in it . just another coffin . I be sick of be a hero , I be sick of be all lock in . maxwell maybe it 's sex . maybe sex be the way out . rane you say that before . no , it be not sex . everything 's sex with you guy , be not it ? maxwell have the sex change ? rane no . maxwell how be it ? rane the same . maxwell that 's not too unusual . sometimes this can go on for six month or more . 18 . rane have a sex dream last night , though . first in year . figur would you would like to hear about it . maxwell what be it about ? rane for a while I have dream about food and medicine , like before , then I stop and I be afraid I be go to have dream about the torture and all . but last night I have a dream and I be screwing tammy wynette on a stair . she be lean back against the stair , wear this sort of fluffy yellow dress without underpant . I be wear my uniform with my pants half - way down . miss tammy sort of have she dress hoist above she waist . she have she hair stack up in a sort of curly - cue fashion and keep go , " oh , 1 wah ( a embarrassed smile ) do that mean anything , Doc ? maxwell how do you know it be miss tammy ? rane I come though , Charlie . now that mean something , do not 1t ? ( a beat ) I be always afraid I would dream I would not . it be like nam . ita dream I be go into combat and I would get there and it be all over . that 's what it be like , go to nam and not get into combat . it be like get in bed with a beautiful woman and not be able to come . maxwell how do you know it be miss tammy ? rane I just sorta know . I keep think , " wow , this 1s gotta be miss tammy wynette . " she do not even sing . maxwell do you like she sing ? 19 . rane oh , yeah . she 's my favoritist singer . I use to keep think about that . that tammy or Loretta Lynn would have a new song out somewhere and I be too far away to hear it . I love that song , " apartment number 9 . " maxwell do you tell Janet about the dream ? rane no. maxwell why not ? rane she would not understand . maxwell why not ? rane she 's a woman , you know ? cur to : 20 . pillow talk that night . rane stand in mark bedroom watch he Son sleep . on the wall above Mark 's bed hang a large poster of Mick Jagger prancing a devil 's jig at altamont . Charlie close the door softly , then exit . rane walk into the master bedroom , Janet , wear a sheer nightgown , sit up in bed read coronet , Charlie strip down to he short and get into bed next to Janet . the pow " dictionary of slang " rest on the bedstand . put down she magazine , Janet snuggle up to Charlie . her nipple can be see through the sheer blue fabric of she nightgown . janet how be Dr. maxwell today ? rane Fine , I guess . she embrace he : janet you know , I think I would never have you back in bed again . rane I never think I would be back , janet you will be all right , will not you , darling ? rane I will be all right . janet it 's too bad it could not be different , rane it 's all right , baby , honest . I understand , janet I know . life can be so hard sometimes . she run she hand up and down he leg underneath the cover . 2l . janet ( sexily ) you wanna try it , huh ? rane ( hesitant ) well , I do not know ... it 's just ... janet I understand , baby . rane Dr. maxwell say I should not rush it . janet oh . rane I be glad you be able to , ah , get along while I be go . I mean really . it 's important . a person have to live he own life , janet I understand , darling . rane I mean , be it - good with . cliff ? janet it 's good . rane Real good ? janet it 's good enough . rane I be glad . that 's the way it should be , Janet renew she pseudo-sexual stimulation . janet but what about you . Charlie . it should be good for you , too . rane if you can live with it , I can live without it . ( weak smile ) Janet 's eye fill up with pathos and sympathy : 226 janet oh , Charlie , Charlie . she embrace he , timecut to : later that night . the room be dark , char - lie , unable to sleep , get out of bed and begin dress . CUT to ext . drive -in theater , rane 's big red caddy ( top up ) pull into a outdoor theater . the marquee advertise : " deep throat --adult only . " cut to : rane sit behind the wheel watch the film . the light from the screen be reflect on he face . moan and groans be hear off screen . he take another hit from he quart of j&b . turn to he leave , rane look into the car park nearby . he see dark form engage in various stage of neck and petting . feeling someone stare at he , he turn and look to he leave : there , two car away , sit a young man hunch in the front seat with a beer can in he hand . the young punk 's face be gaunt and drain of color . he wear a green plaid western shirt and Army jacket . that who have read another script of mine title taxi- Driver will recognize this young man . his name ts Travis bickle , Travis and rane stare at each other for a moment : two fuse slowly burn down . cur to : 236 clothes make the man Charles rane drive into Corpus christi the next morning in he long red cadillac ( top down ) . he be wear a red plaid work shirt . he park the car and walk down the sidewalk toward brannigan be , a fashionable man 's clothing store , inside , rane be greet by brannigan , the owner . bran - nigan and he help be all nattily dress ; Charlie look out of place in he comfortable flannel shirt and work jeans and shoe . brannigan Lt. Colonel rane ! welcome ! we have all be wait for you . Colonel maxwell say you would be in sometime this week . ( pause ) we want you to feel right at home and leave everything to we . do not worry about a thing . we will fix you up so you look fantastic . everything 's on we , it 's we honor to be able to do this . rane smile politely and look uncomfortable from side to side . rane well , I appreciate this , you know . I really do . brannigan gesture for Charlie to follow : brannigan now just follow I . I have just the thing for you . you will look very nice in brown and we have the latest style . I have just the suit for you . brannigan lead rane toward a clothes rack . timecut : rane , fully dress in a new suit , shirt and shoe , stand before a tripartite mirror . brannigan be right : he do look fantastic . he wear a deep brown velvet suit , a cardin yellow - and - brown floral pattern shirt and brown high - heele shoe . he be a transformed man : sexy , debonair , fresh out of the page of gentlemen 's quarterly . 24 , Charlie look into the mirror , recognize that he 's sup= pose to look sharp , but , jack up on that goddamn heel , he just do not feel sharp . he start to hack - cough , but suppress it , brannigan this suit never look better than it do on you , Lt. Colonel rane . ( a beat ) try it out . walk around , rane test the fit of he new suit . unsteady on he two ~ inch heel , Charlie walk with a uncertain gail . brannigan ( uncertain ) do you like it ? how do it fit ? rane attempt to put brannigan at ease : rane oh , it fit fine . Real nice . I like it very much . ( a beat ) and comfortable , too . brannigan I be so glad you like it . ( a beat ; hesitant ) ah , Lt. Colonel rane , would you mind if we take a picture of you in you new suit ? to hang in we window , we be very proud to have you as we customer , brannigan gesture to the rear of the store and a young man walk out with a camera and flash attachment , brannigan now , Lt. Colonel , if you will just sort of stand here in the middle of the room , ( gesture ) rane walk to the center of the store , feel more like a naked man in a bus terminal than a hero . brannigan there , that 's fine . , ( to photographer ) all right , Bob , you stand over there , 256 rane pose . ' the photographer ready he camera . brannigan you do not happen to have any medal with you , do you , Lt. Colonel ? it would look sort of nice if we could pin a medal or two on the front of the suit . a real touch of class . rane ( apologetic ) no , I do not , I leave they all at home . brannigan all right then , we will shoot it like this . there be a click and a bulb flash in Charlie 's face . timecut : rane step out of the store and walk down the sidewalk toward he cadillac , wearing he new suit , he carry a box of he old clothes under one arm . he glance at he reflection in the store window as he pass . he be not pleased with what he see . he be still try to get the knack of walk on high heel . suddenly feed up with what he see , he stop and stare at himself in a store window . he tuck the box under he leave arm , and , walk toward the car , pull he floral shirt right off he chest with he right hand . at first the shirt do not come , he yank and tug and rip it off in shred . walk more quickly toward he car , rane reach down and remove he shoe one by one , toss each one a aifferent direction as he go . he wear yellow - and - brown argyle sock . he throw the box into the open back seat of the con= vertible , hop in , start the engine and squeal off . cuT to : 26 . welcome hero rane brake he caddy into the dusty shoulder in front of he house . he get out of the car and walk toward the house in he argyle stock foot . under he brown velvet suitcoat be the shred remnant of a cardin shirt , and , under that , a sleeveless undershirt . he notice a brown Ford station wagon ( the kind with fake wood on the side ) in the driveway as he walk past , but pay it no mind . Three of the license plate number be " rfd , " rane open the door and walk into the house , as rane step into the live room he feel the presence of someone behind he , the steel blue barrel of a .38 revolver be raise to the back of he head . a raspy mexican voice say firmly : mexican voice welcome home , hero . sit down . rane walk slowly across the room and sit on the sofa underneath the memory Wall . to he right be the new color tv ; some of the present atop it have be open . among the present we notice some cologne and -~ of all thing -- Barry sadler 's 1969 " Green beret " album , rane survey the room : a fortyish mexican in a Robert Hall suit stand before he with a .38 in he hand . two young Texas thug stand against the far wall . they wear cowboy boot , fade jeans , western shirt , stetson and shit-eate grin . they also carry revolver . the door to Mark 's bedroom be ajar , Janet and Mark , frighten , sit on the edge of the bed watch someone out of rane 'ts view , mexican we hear you get some money hide , hero . we would like to have it . rane say nothing . mexican you might as well talk up now , hero , cause you be go to talk sooner or later and I can guarantee sooner be go to be a lot preferable to later . at . rane open he mouth : word come out . he speak in a empty monotone : rane that money be all I get to show for seven year . I will never give it up . mexican you will give it up gringo . you know that . , camera close in on rane : he say nothing . the mexican motion to the two thug , he speak in a tired professional tone of voice : mexican all right , t- Bird , bust heem , pegale . t-bird , the first Texan , walk over to rane and clip he across the chin with the barrel of he gun . blood appear on Charlie 's lower cheek , t-bird aim he be ~ volver point blank at rane 's leave eye . the second texan , a hulk young man , walk around the other side of rane and put a knife to he throat , a arop of blood trickle down he neck , mexican Te duele , hero ? pause ) look , I do not want to fool around . I be as patriotic as the next guy but if you do not tell we where that 124 gs be hide , you be go to be dead very soon , Janet 's sob can be hear from the bedroom , camrea close in on rane again , and all of a sudden we realize how he survive seven year of torture : it be as if Charles rane have remove he mind from he body . it do not matter what anybody do to he body because he be no longer in it . this man be torture a empty body . rane 's awkwardness and uneasiness be suddenly go . his face be blank , calm , distant ; he be now in a world he totaliy understand , he be more experience at be torture than he torturer be at torture , 28 , he really do not have the choice whether to tell they where the money be hide or not . he could not tell if he want to , he have lose he capacity to give in , as the mexican 's boot step toward rane , we notice they be make from multi-color suede patch . the texans step aside as the mexican pull a gold butane lighter from he pocket . igniting it , the mexican run the lighter up and down Charlie 's cheek . even though he be not tie or hold down , rane do not resist . mexican come on , hero , comeon . where de mango hide , hey ? the mexican pull he lighter away from rane 's blister cheek , t-bird man , that usually do it . second texan sheeit , that old boy be a tough un . ( chortle ) the second Texan be obviously a low grade intelligence , the mexican look at hima moment . think , the mexican pull out a cigarette and light it with he lighter . suddenly -- angry and exasperate =~ the mexican chuck down he cigarette and lighter and grab rane by he brown velvet lapel , mexican cabron ! I can make this damn exican talk , the mexican haul Charlie into the kitchen and the texans follow , pass in front of the greasenspatter map of viet nam , the mexican grab Charlie by the leave wrist and lead he over to the sink , he turn on the faucet , then flip the switch : we hear the familiar grind sound . holding Charlie 's hand above the disposal , the mexican yell : mexican talk now , hero ! rane say nothing . 296 the mexican thrust charliet hand into the disposal . we hear a hideous grind sound . rane 's face be blitze with pain . mexican cabron , gringo . I cago en la teche de tu puta madre . maricon , concha . bizocho . the mexican pull rane 's hand out of the disposal and examine it ( we do not see the hand ) . t-bird ( with admiration ) es un tio barbaro . mexican ( to rane ) talk ! rane say nothing . the mexican rethrust Charlie 's hand into the disposal . this time the mexican do not remove it so quickly . we here the grinding of flesh and bone as we watch rane 's agonize , stoic face . his body cry out for he to break down but he cannot , when the mexican finally do remove rane 's hand and switch off the disposal , we see ( although only fleetingly ) that the finger have be ground away . the mexican walk back toward the live room . t- Bird follow , the second Texan grab a kitchen towel and wrap up the bloody mess under ranet leave cuff . t-bird I do not think we be go to get it , jefe . mexican maybe not . but we get one more chance , as they enter the live room the mexican call into Mark 's bedroom : mexican melio . traigame son esposo . the second Texan bring Charlie back into the live room and set he down on the sofa . rane look up at the mexican , 30 . melio , a young mexican hood wear tight green pants , bring Janet in from the bedroom , Janet try to scream when she see Charlie but the only thing that come from she mouth be a pathetic croaking sound . the mexican gesture and melio force Janet to she knee in front of Charlie . melio put he small .32 automatic to she temple , mexican mano , in another time and place I would be proud to know you becausé you be ... so macho , but now I be go to have to kill you wife if you do not tell I where that money be hide right away . iam tell the truth . you know you wife be very close to death . camera close in on ranet face : there be no emotion . camera stay on rane 's face as we hear three voice track one voice be Janet 's , another the mexi~ can 's , and the third -- and dominant -- be Charlie 's own simultaneously . narrative voice over . he have tell maxwell : janet o ,.s. tell they , Charlie ! oh please , please , please tell they ! it 's not worth it . oh , Charlie , tell then . . rane v.0 , . they would walk into my cell , two of they , the one we call o11 can Harry and ap Chong , he assistant . they would say '' today be the day you die Lt. rane " and put a gun to my head and pull the trigger . and the gun would be empty . but you be always afraid because sometimes they do it to prisoner and the gun would not be emptyese it be a excerpt from something a reminiscence from hanoi , mexican 0.8 . do that , hero . tell they , you get 15 second leave , comeon , talk . ten second . talk , five second . talk , hero . all this voice abrupt halt when we hear the sharp sound of a .32 automatic discharge . baam ! there be a abbreviated scream , a silence , and the thud of a body slumping to the floor , rane't face be as calm and placid as the distant sea . we hear Mark 's scream voice and camera cut to he run from the bedroom : 31 . MARK I know where the money 's hide . I know where . it 's in the barn . out back . under the tool . I see he hide it . even this draw no emotion from rane , mexican ( softly ) meno mai . show he where , kid . go on . the second Texan lead Mark out back . timecut : the mexican and he assistant look at the money briefly as the second Texan open the sack on the chair , rane sit unmove , Janet 's body at he foot , Mark , in shock , sit nearby . Charlie look over at he money . t-bird vamo a quitaro de aqui . second texan yoaheah , still the same plan . mexican you and t-bird take the wagon and we will meet at Big Ed 's in acuna . the mexican stoops beside Janet 's body to pick up he goid butane lighter , melio pack up the money and start out the front door . t- Bird gesture toward Mark and rane : t-bird what about they ? mexican we will have to stop they , of course , there 's no stop now . ( look at rane ) yeah , kill the poor son of a bitch . 326 t- Bird raise he revolver arm 's length and shoot Mark in the head , turn half - cirele , he aim he revolver and shoot rane in the head . Charlie fall off the sofa and slump to the floor . mexican ( softly ) chupate esa . screen goe to black . cur to : 336 coming to several day later . the screen slowly come into focus . we see a nurse 's face . the nurse 's eye open with excitement . she call out : nurse Doctor ! Doctor ! come quickly ! he 's come to ! there be the SOUND of footstep and the face of two doctor come into view . behind they stand Col. maxwell . one doctor bend toward we . CUT to third person Pov . the doctor bend over rane 's bed . Col. maxwell watch they . Charlie 's head , face and leave hand be heavily bandage . his eye be blurry , he face pale . maxwell lean over to Charlie , put he hand on the edge of the bed , maxwell Charlie , can you hear I ? can you hear I ? the doctor look sharply at maxwell but maxwell 's return glance indicate he feel he must continue . maxwell can you hear I , Charlie ? this be very important . can you tell we anything ? who be they ? with great effort , rane shake he head " no " and sink back to the pillow . the screen go out of focus and slowly to black . CUT to : 34 . memory fail fade in : several day later . rane 's hospital room . Charlie 's bed have be cranke up a bit and he have he eye open , around he bed stand maxwell , a FBI investigator , and the nurse . the wall of Charlie 's large private room be line with floral wreath and bouquet . one bear the legend , " get well soon , lt , col . rane . " col , maxwell bend toward Charlie while the nurse look admiringly one maxwell ( reassure ) youtre go to be all right , Charlie . the doctor say everything 's go to be all right . rane smile weakly . a newspaper on rane 'ts bedstand proclaim : " rane to recover " maxwell . I guess I should have know all along . nothing could ever stop you . ( pause ) I hate to go through this again , but we have to . ( gesture ) this be special investigator Tom pesterhof from the FBI . he 's here to help we . festerhof draw near the bed : festerhof if there 's anything , anything at all , you might remember . no matter how insignificant . it might help we . it 's be almost a week and the trail be get colder every day . we have so little to go on . ( a beat ; no response ) the entire combine force of the United States Air Force , the FBI , the Texas ranger , the Texas State Police and the Corpus christi Police stand ready at you disposal . all we need be a little more information to swing into action . 35 . rane draw himself up in he bed a little : rane I be sorry , investigator , like I tell you and all that other , it 's all a blank . I can not remember anything . memory fail . the last thing I remember I be come home from the clothes store , ( a beat ) haventt the police be able to do anything ? festerhof we be do everything we can . the director have put top priority on this case , as have the President himself , we have instruction to apprehend this murderer at all cost , we have be instruct to add they name to the ten most want list once we discover who they be , maxwell youtve get to keep try to remember . something have to come - back , - festerhof do you remember the hand ? ( hold up leave hand ) rane ( grow impatient ) no , I do not remember that either . I tell you , it 's all a blank , maybe it be the head wound , I be still dizzy most of the time . there 's nothing therése . ( gesture toward head ) I be in the car , I walk toward the house , then I wake up here , maxwell ( reassure ) all right , Charlie , it 's all right . ( to festerhof ) maybe you should go now . festerhof excuse himself and exit . rane ( thin smile ) so how be you , Bill ? 36 . maxwell ( return smile ) I be fine , Charlie . be there anything I can do for you ? anything you would like to know ? rane do you go to the funeral ? maxwell yes . rane how be it ? maxwell small , quiet , dignify . the Secretary of Defense be there . Dr. kissinger . General Westmoreland , abram . Westmoreland want to come back out and visit you . the President send a telegram . do you read it ? maxwell reach for telegram on bedstand . rane yeah . where be they bury ? do it look nice ? maxwell it 's very nice , Charlie . two simple stone , it 's in you family plot at longworth . rane you send they flower , huh ? maxwell oh yes , Charlie , rane lot of flower ? maxwell Fresh flower every day . rane ( gesture ) Cause I do not need all this flower here . you could send some of this over . 376 maxwell do not worry , Charlie . it 's all be take care of , rane good . screen goe to black . cur to : 38 . this too will pass fade in : several day later . Charlie be sit up in bed , his facial bandage have be remove ( burn scar remain ) , and he head bandage be considerably smaller , on he lap rest a stack of old newspaper . rane be go through they , read press account of the murder and he recovery . the latest paper show a picture of he sit up in he bed smile and wave . cliff , wear he policeman 's uniform , walk into the room . rane look up , rane ( smile ) hey , cliff , cliff how be you , Charlie ? cliff grasp rane 's good hand with both hand and shake it firmly . rane great , cliff , get better . rane point to the newspaper photo : rane they be make I quite a star , cliff be a little surprised by Charlie 's " up " mood but do not say anything . for he part , cliff be very " down , " almost distraught . cliff see a steel artificial hand lie on the bedstand : cliff I see they get you a new hand . rane ( pick it up ) yeah , pretty snazzy , huh ? it hurt a little to wear it at first , so I be just sort of get use to have it around . Charlie slip the artificial hand with its twin stain - less steel hook onto he leave hand to show cliff how it will look . 396 { cliff youtll get the knack of it , all right . rane put the artificial hand back on the bedstand . cliff I get some good news for you , Charlie . some of the Corpus businessman be get together and want to partially reimburse you for you loss , you know , in the robbery . rane no. no . thank they , but tell they I do not want no more charity . Janet have some life insurance and I get that money come and I can get along on that . I do not need anything else . cliff ( morbid ) well , if that 's the way you want it . there be a awkward pause ; finally cliff let out a deep sigh : cliff oh , God , Charlie , life be lonely without she . cliff swallow he tear : cliff she be some kind of woman , be not she , Charlie ? I dontt know how im go to get along without ere cliff brushes back he tear and sniff , Charlie reach out and put he hand on cliff 's shoulder . cliff sink he head into Charlie 's chest . cliff ( ery ) we gotta get they bastard . we gotta get ' tem . oh , Janet . rane comfort he : rane hang together , cliff . you will be all right . it will pass , it always pass , life will go on . you will forget . screen goe to black , cur to : 40 . 41 , the voice of experience fade in : rane walk down the hospital corridor with col . maxwell , rane be wear hospital pajamas and a bathrobe -- and he new stainless steel hand , several nurse watch adoringly as he pass , maxwell you all ready to go home , Charlie ? rane yep , I be look forward to get out of here tomorrow , maxwell it may be kind of hectic . rane do not worry . I can handle it . rane hold up he artificial hand , open the claw : rane get a cigarette ? maxwell you be really get good with that thing . maxwell shake out a cigarette and Charlie pick it up with he artificial hand , rane place the cigarette in he mouth and maxwell light it for he . rane yep . just like a regular hand , now . I can hold a newspaper , put on a shirt -- even tie my shoe , maxwell you have have plenty of time the last couple week to think thing over . have anything come back to you ? even the slight detail ? a color , a shape ? the police be stymy , they need something to go on . rane no , Bill , it 's all go for good . the dizziness go away but the memory never come back , I will never remember anything . I think it 's better that way . 42 , maxwell yeah , maybe it be . ( a beat ) honestly , Charlie , I think you can cope with this thing better than I can . rane ( smile ) well , I have have plenty of experience . screen goe to black . cur to : 43 . a rasping SOUND fade in : late that night . it be about 2 a.m. in the dark hospital . the camera slowly dolly down the darken corridor . in the distance we hear a rasping SOUND : krerww , krerww . the silent tracking shot continue . we pass stationary hospital cart , close door , a night nurse silently work . the rasping SOUND grow louder : krerww , krerww . we track around a corner in the corridor and approach the partially open door to ranet room , we track in . the rasping SOUND be now louder . krerww , kreerww . we track across the room toward rane 's bed . a small night light shine about Charlie 's bed , rane be sit up , work on something in he lap . we track closer : krerww , krerww . the camera close in on rane 's work : he be slowly sharp - ening the hook of he artificial hand with a long metal file . with each long stroke , the claw become sharper . CUT to he face : it be hard and determine . we suddenly realize rane have never forget he night of torture . he know what he must do . krerww ! krerww ! cur to : 44 , D day approximately 8:30 a.m. : Charles rane , neatly dress in a conservative suit , walk briskly down the hospital cor - ridor with Col. maxwell . there be considerable excitement up and down the corridor : rane be be release . several nurse and hospital personnel smile , wave or shake hand with the pass war hero . Charlie be also smile , nodd goodbye . approach the front door , rane and maxwell brace they - selve . outside : they be greet by a cluster of push - shove newsmen and photographer , maxwell ( call out ) all right , man . you know the agreement . only photograph . no question . rane pose for photographer and the camera click away . after a moment , maxwell thanks the newsmen and lead rane to a await Air Force car . maxwell ( to photographer ) tomorrow , man , timecut : rane and maxwell ride in the back seat of the af car . a serviceman act as chauffeur . rane look ahead with concern : rane ( to maxwell ) where be we go ? maxwell I think you would want to stop at the cemetery a moment . rane well , not just yet . I want to come home and rest first . just for a little while . maxwell you want I to stop over for a while ? rane no , I want to be alone . I be sick of crowd . I will see you again tomorrow . 45 , maxwell well , okay . ( to driver ) go to Lt. Col. rane 's home . timecut : the af car pull up in front of rane 's home and Charlie get out . maxwell get out to follow rane but rane wave he off . the af chauffeur also get out but rane wave he back also . Charlie walk toward the front door . maxwell and the chauffeur look at each other , shrug , and get back into the car . once inside the int . live room , rane peek through the front curtain to see 1 for maxwell have leave yet . after a moment , the af car drive away . rane turn and walk directly through the live room . the room have be straighten and clean ; there be a new carpet , but rane do not even pause long enough to notice . enter he cellar / workshop , rane walk directly to he gun rack . he start pull gun out of the rack and place they on a work table . - it be a impressive collection : 2 nickel - plate coit Commander .45 automatics , a Smith and wesson 357 combat Magnum , a snub-nose colt cobra .22 revolver , a Winchester 12 gauge Super 6 ~ shot pump shotgun , 2 brown b-ss 12 gauge double barrel shotgun , plus clip and box and box of ammunition . with he good hand , rane clamp the Winchester 6 - shot into he workbench vice and proceed to see off the barrel . the barrel clang to the cement floor . cu : lie on the floor , the saw - off barrel look like the leaving of a major amputation . rane start carry he gun into the live room . timecut : soon they be all spread on the sofa . go into he bedroom , Charlie remove he suit coat and shirt . he remove he freshly press blue af uniform out of the closet on a hanger and place it on the bed . rane remove the medal from the uniform and place they on the bed beside it . 46 , timecut : rane , wear he uniform , finish load the last of he gun into the roomy trunk of the big red cadillac . cu : the gun lie in neat row on a old blanket . rane remove a .45 and close the trunk . Plac - ing the .45 under the front seat , he walk back toward the house . in the kitchen rane rummages about for some food , but can only find a package of stale oreo . he pick up the pack - age and a quart of j&b and walk back toward the live room . in the bedroom , he remove a stack of twenty dollar bill which have be hide under the dresser , there appear to be about $ 500 . when he slip the wad of bill into he pants pocket , Charlie feel something unusual there . fishing around in he pocket , he come out with a piece of paper . it read : Linda forchet tr6-3265 he look at the paper a moment and walk back toward the live room . as he pass the bed , we notice the medal be no longer lie on it . by the time he get in the live room , he have he mind make up . he sit down and dial the phone . he wait for the phone to ring . it do , and a girl 's pleasant Texas voice come on the other end . linda ( 0.8 . ) hello , JK vend machine . rane be this linde porchet ? linda ( 0.8 . ) yes it be . rane well , hello , Linda . this be Charlie rane . remember I ? we meet at a press conference a couple week ago . you be ... linda wow ! I remember . of course I know who you be , col . rane , rane how be you ? at . linda ( 0.s. ) ( puzzle ) I be fine . how about you ? I read about it in the papers . it be horrible ... rane I be great . it be nothing . the papers always play this thing up . ( a beat ) listen , Linda , I be think of take a sort of little vacation and I wonder if you would like to come ? linda ( 0.5 . ) where you go ? rane oh , I think itd head over toward acuna . Del Rio , that area . there 's some nice country around there . linda ( 0.s. ) there be ? rane well , it be not bad . no crowd . you wanna come ? linda ( 0.8 . ) gee , I really can not , you know , Colonel ? I get a job . what would my boss say ? I just can not up and leave . rane ( persuasive ) ah , come on , Linda . you do not want to miss the chance of a lifetime , do you ? we will only be go a couple~a day . wetil have a great time . when will you get another opportunity like this ? linda ( 0.8 . ) well ... rane I know you would love to come . linda ( 0.s. ) I do not say I be gonna come . 4g , rane be you ? ( a beat ) aw , com 'on , sweetheart . linda ( 0.8 . ) maybe ... rane good , I will pick you up in a hour . linda ( 0.8 . ) a hour ? rane sure . can you be ready ? linda ( 0.s. ) I do not get off work until five . rane gee , I can not wait that long . can not you get sick or something ? I 'ma nice guy , Linda . honest , really I be . linda ( 0.s. ) I do not know why I be do ' this . rane no second thought , now . linda ( 0.s. ) okay , I will figure out a way . do not know how , though . but you can not meet I here . and I have to go home and get some thing . my hair need to get do , too . rane I will take care of that . where will we meet ? linda ( 0.8 . ) we can meet in the coffee shop on the corner by my apartment . that 's the eat-rite coffee shop . the corner of 4th and Sam Houston . right next to the sav-more drug Discount store . rane see you in a hour , Linda . cur to : 49 . 5 % real rane 's long red caddy ( top down ) pull up beside the eat - rite coffee shop . he honk the horn and wave inside . Linda forchet come bundle out , a overnight bag in she hand . she be wear a short pleate purple skirt , a " grabeme " yellow pullover and mound of enticingly coiffure blonde hair . Linda be everything tammy wynette sing about : ex cheerleader , ex-wife , 9 - to -5 community chest . she 's about 95 % plastic , but the 5 % that be not give she a edge on just about everybody else . linda hello , Lt. Colonel . some car you get . rane welcome aboard , Linda . rane 's cadillac work its way through the late morning traffic . ever since he " accident , " Charlie rane 's personality have take a mark turn for the better . he seem more at ease , genial , confident . that uncertainty and unnamed fear be go -~ or , perhaps , they have simply be drive underground , replace by a deeper motivation which allow he to appear calm on the surface . linda I pretend I get sick . I say I have cramp . here , you know . ( hold lower abdomen ) woman - type sick . that always work . there be no immediate response from rane so Linda pick up the thin conversational thread again : linda you do not give a person much time . ( a beat ) where we go again ? rane go to ' cuna , you ever be there ? linda that 's a greaseball town , right ? over the line ? 50 . rane yeah . down from Del Rio . linda what 's there ? rane action . some guy I use to know . the car radio have be play softly , but Linda 's ear catch a song she like . linda oh , tammy wy-nette . Linda turn up the radio . rane drive up the ramp to the expressway . put he hand on Linda 's bare knee , he say : rane now watch this baby go . Charlie trounce on the accelerator : in a great arrogant purst of exhaust the huge red convertible fishtail down the highway . the radio play as they speed west : ' just follow the stairway , to this lonely world of mine , you will find I wait here , in apartment number nine . " cur to : 51 . manly arrogance somewhere west of carrizo Springs , rane pull off highway 83 and drive into a " eat gas " truckstop . a young Texan station attendant look on with awe as rane wheel the caddy next to one of the pump . rane ( get out ) fillerup . ethyl Supreme . oil and water . Linda hop out and follow Charlie as he head toward the restaurant . her hair be pathetically windblown and she grope for the hairbrush in she purse as she walk . linda Jesus , Charlie , we be go so fast the word blow right outa my mouth . they catch the stare of several trucker as they enter the int . truckstop . feeling they stare , rane cup Linda 's leave ham in a display of manly arrogance . em - barrass , Linda remove he hand from she ass . rane slide into a vinyl booth and Linda plop down across from he . they appear on very amiable term . rane slide the menu toward he but do not look at it . Linda vainly try to brush she windblown hair : linda gee , I never think you would remember who I be . rane oh , I do not forget , Linda . Linda , a little embarrassed , try to excuse herself for pick up rane : linda golly , I be just such a fool for Army man . just show I anything in a uniform and I get all wet . ( laugh at herself ) I should be keep on a leash around Army basis . rane you from Army people ? 52 . linda yeah , I be a Army brat . dad be station at the Naval Air Station in beeville . then he get promote and we move to Corpus . he always say I shoulda stay Army . he be real upset when I marry Sam . rane why ? linda ' Cause Sam be intellectual and all . rane ( interrupt ) no , why do you marry Sam ? linda well , he just know everything . he be real smart , not like I . I be about as bright as a night - light . he would make a gob of money in real estate and be handsome . the marriage be not he idea . I hit on he . but then he start get into politics and drop I like a hot potater . he 's a aide to something or other now in Austin . I read he name once in the paper . sometimes he mother call -- she always like I . rane that do not sound too bad to I . linda well , it be not so hot , I can tell you . I about as sharp as a@ napkin and this guy always say what be what . it be like that song , you know , " satin sheet to lie on , satin pillow to cry on . " that 's Jeanne pruit . well I have they satin sheet up to here . ( gesture ) I mean Sam be important and all but he be not ever a real man . never be . just a talker . but I do not do no worse than ny girlfriend . the one that be not unhappy jus ' hang around the Naval officer Club . 53 . rane ( smile ) not like some people we know . linda ( shrug } well , you can meet some nice guy at the officer Club . the waitress walk over : waitress ready to order , folk ? rane reply without ever take he eye off Linda . Linda smile apologetically at the waitress . rane two cheeseburgs , fries and chocolate malt . linda make mine light on the ice cream , heavy on the mait . the waitress take the order and leave . look at the jukebox selector in the booth , Linda search for a coin in she purse . rane pull out a quarter and give it to she . linda thanks . Linda put the quarter into the box . linda damn . this be one of that new machine they get now . only two play for a quarter . that 's a erime . I can not live without a jukebox . Linda push two selection and turn back to Charlie : linda you see , I suffer , too , Charlie . Loretta Lynn 's " fist City " come on the box . rane I remember that song . it be around before I leave . Loretta lynn. ( smile ) 54 , linda she 's a grandmother already . rane no kiddin ' ? wow . I hear Kitty Wells die . be that true ? linda Kitty Wells ? Hell no . she 's get she own tv show . every Saturday morning . " the Kitty Wells show . " it 's with she whole family . rane maybe it be somebody else . linda patsy cline ? rane no , no . patsy cline die long before I even leave . that be age ago . ina plane crash . I see she perform once in San Anton . maybe nobody die . maybe I just get it all confuse . linda I do not know anybody who die . do you know all the new singer ? rane Nah , not at all . linda who do you know ? rane well , I remember the Queen , Kitty welis , and cute and country connie Smith , and miss tammy of course . I like bonnie guitar a lot . and dolly parton -- she 's nice . linda do you ever hear Susan raye ? she 's real good . rane nope . linda she 's from California . bakersfield . ( more ) 55 . linda ( cont 'd ) she 's get a song that go : ( sing ) " I guess my heart have a mind of its own . " rane but that 's a old song . I hear it before . linda and then there 's Jeanne pruit , and , let 's see , Barbara Fairchild , " the teddy bear song . " and little Tanya tucker . she 's only 14 year old . donna fargo . conny vandyk . rane wow , I never hear of any of they . linda we should stop and get a stereo and some album . I 'il help you pick them . you miss a lot . a young child about 8 walk by the booth and spot Charlie 's shiny stainless steel hand . he stop and stare at it . his mother call reprimandingly from a nearby booth : mother billy ! rane reply to the mother : rane it 's ali right , mar 'am . the little boy connect rane 's uniform with he artificial hand : billy be you in the Army , mister ? rane yep . billy ( look at hand ) do you get that in the Army ? rane yep . 56 . billy wow . that 's neat . kin I touch it ? rane sure , billy . blily run he hand up and down the glisten hook . billy wow . I wish I have one of that . rane well , maybe when you grow up and go in the Army you can get one . billy you really think so ? rane . sure . it happen all the time , billy gee. mother ( from distance ) come back to the table , billy . billy ( look back ) I gotta go now , rane here , I have get a present for you . billy what ? rane reach in he back pocket and pull out one of he medal . he hand it to billy . billy wow ! kin I keep it ? rane sure , it 's yours . I have get plenty of they . , billy gee , thanks . billy walk away , admire he new present . 57 . rane , ' bye , billy . billy walk off . rane look back at Linda , tear be come down she cheek . he hold she hand : rane oh , baby . come on . pull yourself together . you malt 's come . cur to : bait in the trap the big red cad haul ass down U.S. 277 . 100 mph , maybe more , the soundtrack play on : " you better move you foot , if you do not want to eat , a meal that 's call fist City . " timecut : rane and Linda pull into the Del Rio city limit . population 10,000 . cross through the town , they drive south toward the border , rane pulis off the read and drive into the lot of the no-tell motel . it be about 4:00 p.m . Linda , straighten she hair -- now a hopeless task , watch Charlie as he check in , come out with a key and walk into a nearby room . Linda pick up she overnight bag and follow . inside the motel room rane walk into the bathroom and wash he face and hand . Linda set she bag down and flop onto the bed . the wall of the room be pink , the tufte bedspread purple , and a print of a bullfighter decorate one wall . Linda watch Charlie soulfully . " her man " strip to the waist , and wash he sinewy trunk with a damp washcloth and redress . Linda pull up she thin yellow ribbed pullover just below she breast , revealing a deliciously tan band of skin . kick off she shoe , she sensuously set she heel against the purple bedspread . leave the bathroom in a mess , Charlie walk back into the room and eye Linda . rane hack - cough : he be not well . see the messy bathroom , Linda say playfully : linda do not you ever clean up behind yourself ? rane that 's why God make mexican . smiling apologetically , rane turn and walk toward the door : he have priority higher than sex . 59 . rane open the door and walk outside . Linda , shocked , jump up and run after he , outside , she find he rest against the caddy wait for she . linda hey , whatcha do ? do not you want I to come along ? rane of course I do . I be just wait for you . linda where be you go ? rane into acuna . boy town . linda ( shocked ) boy town ! God ! what be you go to do there ? rane there be some man I need to find . : linda what be I do here ? rane I want you to help I . linda help you ? rane some of this man may recognize I . I need someone they do not know . linda do not know ? who be this man ? rane they be the man that hurt I , Linda . linda ( catch on ) my God ! oh no . not this . you just bring I along as a decoy , do not you ? you just 's want to usé I . oh no , 's I be about as slow as a chinese funeral , I never catch on . 60 . rane I want you to help I . this be something you should do . linda God , why do I always end up with the crazy man ? rane that 's ' cause there 's a shortage of the other kind . you have to take what you can get . linda not I . rane ( sincere ) Linda , I need you help . you can help I , linda yeah , like bait in a trap . rane there be worse thing . ( pause ) Linda , this mean little to you , but it mean everything to I . ( a beat ) will you come ? linda well , I be not get much choice , do I ? cur to : 61 . the inside man Charlie and Linda pass through custom , pay the 20 '' toll and cross the border into acuna . they pass through the business district of acuna -- a pretty sorry - nlook place -- and head south . the peasant look up in wonder as the giant car pass . they pass through the " proper " business district of acuna and reach a large , vacant , weed - infest , bottle - strewn field . rane thumpety ~ thump the cadillac across the field . the field be keep unkempt to separate the town proper from the boy town «— and with good reason . the acuna boy town ( because that 's where the " boy " go ) be about the seediest of all the seedy border town stretch from Tijuana to neuvo laredo . most of the other border town halt they forward progress in about 1935 ; acuna , however , be suspend in 1890 . row of tacky bar and brothel be bank up from the gut one - lane white dust street . there be few electric light and horse and carriage amble down the narrow street . the bar have name like " El lobo , " " El coyote , " " El caballo . " rane drive he big convertible down the middle of the narrow street , force the horse and carriage to the side as he go . it be a arrogant breach of convention . border lowlife look down at rane and Linda from the high curb embankment . rane find a open between two building and pull the car into it . he cut the engine . look down the row of seedy bar , he eye light on a paint sign read " La mujer negro . " he motion to it : rane that 's a good start place . go over there . ask for a guy name Big Ed . say you have be send to see he . linda whatja mean , go in there ? that 's greaseballville in there . no decent person would go in there . rane nothing can happen to you . it 's broad daylight . 62 . linda I be willing to do something for you , Charlie , but not this . let 's go back . this be painful . humiliate . rane start to run out of patience . there 's no way , of course , he 's go to go back . instead of get angry at Linda , however , he speak with passion . rane Linda , I '1l1 make this short but it 's important . there be something you have to understand . this thing be not important . honest . all this external thing like pain , humiliation , sorrow , pleasure , fame , happiness , love , sex , glory , emotion , they be nice , but they be not important . you can live without they . they exist on the outside ; they be not real . the only thing real 1s the inside , the interior life , and that have nothing to do with the outside . the life that come from within ... here ... ( hold heart ) +e» and here ... ( hold head ) «+. this be the real thing . that be where you live . nothing else matter . I be tell you the truth now . you may have not hear it before but it 's the truth nonetheless . once you live inside that thing do not matter . ( a beat ) honest , Linda , believe I . it 1s a derange speech -- but persuasive . Linda be nearly mesmerize . linda you be crazy , Charlie . as crazy as a jaybird in the snow . rane will you go ? ( a beat ) for I ? linda I do not suppose anything can happen . poor Linda . here she go again , 63 . rane wl1l you ? linda yes . for you , Charlie , for you . she embrace he and they kiss . she be still embrace he as he reach under the seat and pull out he nickel - plate .45 automatic . he slip it into he shirt . rane all right , let 's go . cur to : 64 , tio taco thrust all she wasp sexuality before she , Linda strut into the dingy bar . the snuff queen come home . every eye turn to greet she . there be several exclam - ation of " vaya mujer " ( " what a woman ! " ) , a young unattractive half - naked white girl be dance to the Spanish r&b jukebox . a couple lackadaisical mexican hooker work the bar . Linda walk up to the first bartender : linda I be look for Big Ed . I be send here for he . do you know he ? 1st bartender no entiendo , no ingle . que se yo ? a second bartender walk up : 2nd bartender Big Ed ? do not know nobody by that name . ( call out ) Hay alguien que sabe " Big eda " ? no one answer . finally a drunken mexican call out : drunken mexican Big Ed ? 2nd bartender si. Big ed. drunken mexican I know blg ed. Big Ed 's a friend of mine . 2nd bartender well , this lady be a friend of he . the drunken mexican walk over to Linda . drunken mexican I know Big Ed . follow I . he gesture for she to follow he to the back of the bar . she do . '' 65 . as they pass he see a little local acuna color : three drunken mexican sit in a booth with a old car battery on the table . they take turn hold the live wire attach to the battery , each see who can hold on the longest . each effort call for more laugh and more beer . the drunken mexican lead Linda into a small private room at the rear of the bar . it 's pretty clear by now that we mexican friend be not go to tell Linda about Big Ed until she provide he with certain obvious favor ~- and even then it 's doubtful . Linda seem uncomfortable . drunken mexican why do you want to see Big Ed ? he 's my friend . linda I be gonna be he girl . I be send here . drunken mexican good . Big Ed like beautiful gringo girl . cuT : Charles rane stroll into the int . bar look for Linda . unable to find she , he seem upset . his arti ~ ficial hand be artfully tuck into he pants pocket . he walk to the rear of the bar where he overhear the voice of Linda and the drunken mexican . cut : int . private room drunken mexican ( cocky ) I be Big Ed 's friend . he like people who do thing for I , ( a beat ) do something for I and I will tell you where to find he . linda ( uneasy ) what ? drunken mexican you know , this . ( point to crotch ) linda Big Ed would not like that . 66 . drunken mexican oh si , he would very much . ( a beat ) besides you have no choice , puta . linda I can leave . drunken mexican you will not leave , bitch . the mexican put he hand up to Linda 's cheek . the door open : Charles rane , tall in he sky-blue af uniform , walk in . the mexican look at he partially hide hook : . drunken mexican you look like you could use a hand , gringo . ( laugh ) rane ( to Linda ) you do real fine , Linda . now wait for I in the car . drunken mexican she go nowhere , yankee . rane go on , Linda . you do real good . Linda get up and Charlie take she seat . the drunken mexican get up to follow she . rane no se para . the above be a Latin american pun meaning both " do not stand up " and " do not get a erection . " the mexican chuckle and sit down . rane sit down and put on a phony polite smile : rane now , spic , you be go to tell I where Big Ed be . drunken mexican I tell you nothing , maricon . 67 . rane you tell now . drunken mexican screw . the drunken mexican get up from he chair , drag he right hand across the table as he go . rane suddenly whip he sharpen leave hook from under neath the table and sink it into the back of the mex - dean 's right hand , lock it to the table top . the mexican yelp . with he right hand , Charlie pull the .45 from he waist and alm it point blank at the mexican 's face : rane now , tio taco , you be go to tell I where Big Ed be or I be go to spread you brain against the wall . drunken mexican I do not know no Big Ed . stand up , rane press the .45 against the mexican 's forehead , force he to he knee . rane do not mess with I , taco -face . I could make a stone talk . drunken mexican ( cry ) do not know . do not know . rane talk or die . rane prepare to pull the trigger . drunken mexican go to the El lobo . they know where he be . ask billy sanchez , the bartender . rane good . rane remove the hook from the mexican 's hand and tuck he .45 back into he shirt . 68 . the mexican , hold he bloody hand , run from the room . . Charlie wipe he bloody hook against he blue pants and prepare to exit . walk back into the int . barroom , rane see the patron , bartender and stripper , stare at he in silence . look at the doorway he see several mexican tough wait for he . use he hook hand , he pull open he shirt to reveal he shiny .45 . there be a pause , and the group break up . rane stride through the bar and out the door , CUT to : 69 . just the preliminary STUFF night be fall as rane and Linda walk down the street toward the El lobo . the street , have no electrical lighting , be dark and forebode . as they approach the El lobo Linda say : linda let I take care of this one my way . rane okay with I . the entrance to the El lobo , a classy ( ? ) private club-brothel , can be see at the end of a narrow alley . rane pause a moment , let Linda walk ahead of he . several mexican check the guest as they enter the El lobo . Linda simply strut through they . again : vaya mujer . inside , Linda walk up to the bar and sit down . the El lobo be several notches up from the La mujer negro -- or down , depend on you viewpoint . on stage two naked teenage girl , one white and one black , close dance with each other in front of a red-neon -lighted Spanish band . and this be only the early show . the bar be drip with hooker , gangster and Texas macho type . Linda 's up front sexuality fit right in . Linda call the bartender over : linda be billy sanchez here ? bartender ahorita . the bartender walk off and come back with billy sanchez , a american . billy sanchez yeah , baby ? linda I be look for Big ed. 70 . billy sanchez youtre a real nice piece of something , honey babe . linda I be Big Ed 's new gal . I meet he up in Corpus . he tell I to meet he here . billy sanchez ah , Eddie get it all , you know ? why can not I get some , honey ? Charlie rane walk into the El lobo , surveying the scene . his eye stop as they catch the dance teenage couple . linda you look pretty good to I , billy S. , but I be already a day late for Big Ed and if he do not find I quick he 's gonna get angry . rane walk over to the bar and sit several patron away from Linda . billy sanchez well , he be not even here . ' they all go to El - paso . linda all ? billy sanchez yeah , the whole bunch . linda be t- Bird with they ? billy sanchez t- Bird ? linda yeah . he drive a Ford wagon . billy sanchez ah , Jimmy the t- Bird Jones , the texaskan . yeah , he 's with them . they all go to paso to celebrate . they make a big score . linda where be they ? tl. billy sanchez they would be at the John Wayne house . Big Duke use to live there . linda where 's that ? billy sanchez hmm . on peacock . off arroyo . a couple house south . linda thanks , billy . thanks a lot . billy sanchez why do not you stay and see the show ? it get pretty good later . this be just the preliminary stuff . maybe there would be something you would like here better than El paso . drink on I . linda ( smile ) could be , rane seem a little upset : he disciple have learn she lesson too well . he walk over - to Linda and billy . he threateningly raise he sharpen hook to billy 's face and say : rane El cigarillo ? sanchez reply : billy sanchez sure . and give he a cigarette . rane pick it up with he hook and billy light it for he . all three turn and watch the show for a moment . a fat naked mexican man have step on stage and the two naked teenage girl be bend down , kissing he foot , work= ing up . microphone in hand , the fat mexican sing as he be be mock + seduce . his sing be sort of a south - of ~ the~ - border parody of scream jay hawkins : all yelp and chant . fat mexican yow , ah . get it , get it , get . cupe , cupe , cupe . eee-oww ! the patron cheer . rane watch closely . te. timecut : it be about 8:30 . all be dark in the street of acuna boy town . rane and Linda get into the cadillac . rane start the engine , turn on the light and pull into the narrow street . proceed slowly down the dark street , rane see some figure in the distance . there be the glint of a gun . we see the partially - light face of the drunken mexican . rane say to Linda : rane get down . Linda crouch behind the dashboard . Charlie raise the .45 , fire two shot into the air and trounce on the accelerator . spit white dust , the giant car charge forward . a few shot harmlessly discharge at the cadillac as it speed through the street . curt to : 73 . a pack of oreo , a quart of scotch and thou rane and Linda pull into the motel gravel lot . rane get out of the car and walk into the motel room . Linda , exhaust , follow . _ inside the motel room , Linda drop she tired body into a easy chair . Charlie step into the bathroom , splashes some cold water on he face and walk back into the bed - room . he pick up Linda 's overnight bag and proceed toward the door . linda ( astonished ) where do you think you be go ? rane El paso . linda that 's 450 mile ! I be poope . rane you can sleep in the car . linda in the car -~ at 110 mile per hour ? rane just crawl in the back seat . I will put the top up . linda ( ironic ) the grand concession . ( a beat ) what about food ? I be hungry . rane there 's food in the car . Linda stand up : linda sheeit . do not you ever sleep in a bed ? rane we will sleep when it 's all over . 74 . timecut : rane 's cadillac ( top up ) cruise at high speed through the night down highway 90 . a c&w station play softly on the radio . int . car : Linda be all huddle up in a corner of the back seat . the half - open pack of oreo rest in she lap . she listlessly pull out a oreo , twist it in half , examine each half and munch on one of they . Charlie sit at the wheel , tug at the quart of j&b as he drive . timecut : later that night , about 2 a.m. Linda be asleep in the back seat . Charlie take another drink of j&b . the bottle be half - empty . feeling sleepy , he turn up the car radio . the vast desert countryside stretch into mile and mile of dark nothingness . two lonely headlight flash through the night . the radio play Jeanne pruit : " satin sheet to lie on , satin pillow to cry on , still I be not happy do not you see , Big long cadillac , tailor - made upon my back , still I want you to set - I free , " rane mumble along with the song : " Big long cadillac ... I want you to set I free . " the song fade out but rane keep mumble to himself , as if he want to say something but can not verbalize it . there be a sudden explosion +- blowout ! -- and the cadillac careen madly to the right . rane struggle frantically to maintain control of the runaway car as it charge into the desert night . Linda , bounce about in the back seat , scream . in the middle of this nightmare ride the car radio start up with a hillbilly song . the caddy bounce across several low gully and ridge and Linda be toss over the front seat into the dash - board . the open bottle of j&b smashes against the dashboard beside she . 75 . the cadillac finally thump to a rest hundred of yard from the highway . the radio blare , . Charlie turn down the incongruous radio and then , re= lax he arm , give out a deep sigh . he be shaking with fear and exhilaration . Linda , she face livid in the moonlight , tremble out of control . she try to speak but can only stammer and cry . weeping , she fall on Charlie 's shoulder . linda Charlie , Charlie . chariie put he tremble arm around she . rane Linda . they hold each other for a moment . the radio play softly in the background . they lip meet and they begin kissing passionately . soon they be embrace , petting . rane 's fear and adrenalin be transformed into sexual current : he become sexually arouse . slip he hand under Linda 's pullover , Charlie begin to lift it up . she help he . Linda pull she top over she head , revealing she breast . she lean back across the broad red leather of the cad - illac front seat . on the verge of sex , still shaking from she brush with death , Linda begin to talk uncontrollably . it 1s as if there have be a torrent of word and feeling damned up by she brain , and that dam have suddenly burst : linda I do not know why I throw myself on you like that I be just sit there listen to all you go through and I start get excited and I could hardly stand it I have never do anything like that before except once and that be at a rodeo but normally I never would ' cause I be not like that and I get so embarrassed when they take the picture what be I do here ... 76 . rane put he hand on she mouth : rane ssh . he remove he hand and slowly hoist himself on top of she . she let out a sigh ~~ and so do he . linda oh , Charlie , you be some kind of man . some kind of man , fade out . 17 . soliloquy fade in : as the camera slowly fade in we discover it be not the next morning as we expect , but later that night , camera open on clear Texas night sky , ten of thousand of star be align in numerous configuration and con - stellation . move slowly across the sky , the camera study the heaven . so do we . as we study the move pattern of star , we hear the dry , monotone voice of Charles rane remember a past experience : rane ( v.0 . ) it be sometime in 1968 . spring . that who come after 1969 will never know what it be like then . the V have I stretch out face - up over a chunk of concrete . my hand and foot be tie to the floor , the concrete be under my backbone . the blood have stop flow to my head so long before I could not remember how many day I would be there . my tongue and brain have dry out like old cork . though I be not a believer , I ask God to come and take I then , I figur would it be the least he could do . then , Charlie , that night he aid . he reach into my body and take out my soul . it come out like a long sliver be slowly pull from my heart . nothing have ever feel so good before , and after that it never hurt as much again . linda ( 0.s. ) ( interrupt ) Charlie ? rane , who have be lie back against the front seat stare at the heaven , turn and look at Linda cuddle up beside he . rane yes ? linda whatcha do ? 78 . rane think . linda oh. she cuddle up beside he and go back to sleep . fade to : 79 . mutant museum dawn break over the desert . Far off the highway , rane 's dusty red cadillac sit strand amid the sand and tumbleweed . int . car : Linda , she pullover spread across she breast , feel a jolt and wake up . she look out the back window and see Charlie jack up the car . the trunk door be close , dress quickly , Linda get out and walk around back . linda ' Morning , ugly . rane ( smile ) same to you , beautiful . she embrace he shoulder . they exchange a short kiss . timecut : rane pound the hubcap on the new tire . he open the trunk and heft the old tire and jack into it with he good hand , Linda stare in shock as she see the row upon row of gun carefully place in the trunk . rane say nothing . timecut : the cadillac ( top down ) speed down U.S. 90 . timecut : rane pull into a econo - gas station . Linda get out and head toward the lady room . Charlie say something to the station attendant . next to the econo - Gas station stand fred dobb's mutant museum . it be a low ramshackle structure decorate with hand - paint sign and picture . the picture , paint against a red backdrop like a carnival sideshow , depict various animal mutant : a twonhead calif , siamese twin sheep , a one - eye horse and a five- legge dog . homemade sideshow of this sort be not unusual in this part of Texas . Charlie meet Linda as she emerge from the lady room . throughout the last day , Linda 's immaculately conceive plastic snuff look have slowly be unravel . 80 . her hair hang about she neck , she pullover and skirt be hopelessly wrinkle , she makeup be faint and uneven . she grow more beautiful by the hour . Linda 's demeanor indicate she want to have a " talk " with rane . they stand before Fred dobb 's colorful pan - oply of mutant : linda ah , Charlie , I have be think . about this trip and all . rane yeah ? linda do not you think it 's go a little too far , huh ? should not we be go back to Corpus ? they be bound to be wonder where you be . rane I suppose they be . linda wo not the doctor want to see you ? rane I suppose they would . linda I want to go back . I should get back . let 's go . rane okay . linda ( take he arm ) great . they start walk toward the car . reaching in he pocket , rane pull out the wad of twenty . pull off several hundred dollar , he give they to she . rane you can take a cab back with this . linda no , we be go to go back together . rane nod he head silently " no " and hold out the money for she . 81 . linda it be not right . I should not take you money . rane take it , Linda . I will not need it where I be go . linda wo not you come back with I ? rane it 's too late . I be only point in one direction now . I have. no choice . they look at each other and walk back toward the cadillac . rane hand Linda she overnight bag from the back seat and pay the station attendant . they exchange a long kiss . the station boy look on . linda I be not sorry I do this , you know . Charlie look pain . he say nothing . linda it be real though , huh ? rane be not it ? rane climb into the front seat and start the engine . they glance at each other a moment , each hope the other will relent . neither do . rane slip the car into gear and pull out of the station . Linda call after he : linda Charlie ! Charlie ! wait for I ! Charlie slam the cadillac to a stop and back to where Linda be stand . the station attendant stare in amazement . rane , relieved , smile as Linda get in . he notice the station attendant watch : rane hey , station boy ! come here . 82 . the station boy walk over . rane dig a medal out of he back pocket and give it to the attendant . rane here . this be for you , the station boy examine the medal . station attendant wow . a purple heart . rane ( expansive ) it 's a present from my lady friend here . station attendant ( to Linda ) thank you , mar 'am . Linda smile , and as she do ... rane tromp on the accelerator and the huge red cadillac lurch forward in a burst of exhaust and spitting gravel , a quarter mile down the highway one could still hear the squealing tire . cuT to : 83 . foreplay to gunplay it be about 11:00 a.m. when Charlie and Linda drive they cadillac ( top down ) through the street of El paso . they both look wear and exhaust . Charlie 's uniform be soll and wrinkle ; there be still bloodstain on he leave leg . Linda be dishevel . they drive slowly through the bustling street , look about as if oddly surprised to find civilization still exist . rane spot a clean middle - class motel and pull in . timecut : Charlie and Linda , have check in , trudge to they room . Linda do not bother to bring she over= - night bag . inside the motel room , rane walk directly to the bath= - room and begin freshen up . he strip to the waist . dampen a washcloth , he begin to wash he upper torso . lying on the king -size bed , Linda watch Charlie silently . look into the mirror , rane run he hand over he day - old beard . he turn back toward Linda : rane do you bring you razor , Linda ? I forget mine . she do not answer . Charlie walk into the bedroom . rane do you ? bring a razor ? Linda speak softly but forcefully : linda where be you go , Charlie ? rane El paso . peacock . linda no , you be not . rane I be not ? 84 , linda no . not yet at least . youtre come to bed with I . youtre sleepy and need rest . youtre still sick . rane I be not much sick . Linda say nothing . Charlie look wistfully at he wait cadillac . rane you get the razor , though ? linda yeah . I get the razor . Charlie sit on the bed and Linda run she hand across he tight stomach and chest . linda you know you do not have to go at all if you do not want to . he begin undress she . rane how be I go to get any sleep if you do not open the bed ? Linda pulis off she top and open the bed . linda you always sleep with you shoe on ? Charlie flop he foot on the bed . rane only when I be too tired to take they off . Charlie and Linda look at each other a moment . they embrace . rane oh , darling . linda I love you , too , Charlie . 85 . timecut : two hour later . Linda , naked , sit up in bed . Charlie , dress and shave , sit at the small write table . in front of he be a spread - out map of El paso and three gun «~ the two nickel - plate .45 and the brown double barrel . rane inspect , heft and test the gun . he load they , hear Linda rustle in the bed , he turn around and smile at she . linda ( pause ) I be serious about what I say , Charlie . rane what be that ? linda about not have to go . you do not have to , you know . rane say nothing . he gather up he map and gun . rane I know . rane start toward the door : rane if I be not back by morning , get out of town . catch a plane , ride the hound , do what you need . there 's money in the drawer there . ( gesture ) Linda look at he a second then say playfully : linda " rose be red , violet be blue , a pie 's get a crust , and so do you . " Charlie can not help but laugh . he give Linda a abbreviate military salute . rane catch you later . Charlie exit . Close on Linda as she cheekbone drop . cur to : 86 . stakeout watch the street sign , rane pull up to the corner of peacock and arroyo and turn slowly down peacock . it be a old wealthy section of town . driving slowly down the street , rane examine the house on both side of the street . in the rear of a large brick house , rane spot the brown wood= - panele Ford station wagon . the letter " rfd " appear on the license plate . rane park he car at a safe distance and wait . after a while , someone walk out onto the front porch and walk back in . t- Bird . rane wait some more . he fish around in the glove compartment , come out with a brown - bag pint of j&b . he pull the paper back , unsecrew the cap and take a hit . then down the street come a long white lincoln conti - nental . a large pair of steer horn be mount on the hood . a young mexican be drive . in the back sit a big Texan dress in a flashy lime green cowboy outfit , and , next to he , sit the mexican in a new black suit with a red tie . rane slouches in the front seat and watch they pass . the Continental pull up in front of the Wayne House and honk its horn . after a moment , several man come walk out of the front door and step down the step . we recognize : t- Bird , the second Texan and melio , now wear tight orange pants . they all squeeze into the Continental . we overhear a few snatch of conversation : t-bird hot damndeddy . we gonna have a time ! estupendo ! second texan chiquita banana , here I come ! ( chortle ) the mexican light up a cigarette with he butane lighter . 87 . there be laughter as the Continental pull away from the curb , rane turn he car around and follow they at a distance . rane follow the Continental south through El paso until it reach the stanton Street Bridge . rane wait as the Continental pass through custom after a perfunctory look - through . rane follow . the border guard wave he over , border guard where you go , soldier ? rane juarez . border guard how long will you be there ? rane try to keep one eye on the vanish Continental : rane a couple hour . border guard ( hand he card ) this be a 24 - hour entry permit . rane thanks . rane start to pull away . the Guard call after he : border guard hey , wait ! rane stop the car . the border Guard walk up . he look at Charlie 's artificial hand . border guard be not you Charles rane , that pow ? the Continental be completely go from sight , lose in the maze of mexican street . rane ( wary ) yeah ? border guard you be real famous . I have be read all about you in the paper . 88 . rane shrug . border guard hey , do you mind if I have my picture take with you ? my wife talk about you all the time . Charlie have now completely lose the trail of the conti - ~ nental . rane ( resign ) sure . the border Guard go back into the custom Office and re-emerges with a secretary and a brownie starflex . the border Guard pose beside the car as the Secretary snap the picture . just before the camera click , char ~ iie let out with he big beam officious smile . border guard hey , thanks a lot . rane reach into he back pocket and pull out another medal . he give it to the border Guard . - rane here , this be a present . the border Guard seem puzzle as he look at the medal . rane squeal off . rane now wander through the side street of juarez . he have lose the trail . the Continental be not to be find anywhere . timecut : a hour later . rane , drive down a side street in the red light district , see the white conti - nental with the steer-horn hood ornament . he slow down and park . one large stucco house seem to be the focus of all the activity on the street . Spanish music come from within . he watch for a moment . melio walk out on the front porch with a drink in he hand . after a moment , a mexican girl join he and they sit on the old porch sofa together . they cuddle and share drink from he @lass like a couple of high school sweetheart . very touch . 89 . rane look down at the seat beside he . there , lie against the red leather , be a nickel - plate .45 automatic . timecut : rane be still sit in the front seat . melio and the mexican girl have go in the house . rane look down at the .45 then up at the brothel . he think a moment , tuck the gun under the front seat , start up the engine and drive away . cut to : 90 . dream of bunnie about 5:30 p.m . rane pull into the motel parking lot . the front seat of he cadillac be stack high with box and package . inside the mctel room , Linda absentmindedly do she fingernails on the bed as she wait Charlie 's return . she have let she hair down . she look up anxiously as Charlie walk in . see he , she drop she fingernail file and rush to he arm , linda Charlie ! you be all right ! what happen ? rane I do not do it . " linda no ? . rane I change my mind . it be not worth it . I go to the store instead . linda oh ? rane it just hit I . I be free and do not have to do anything . so I do not . ( a beat ) I buy you some thing . let I go get they . Charlie walk outside . in a moment , he return pile high with box and package . he set they to the floor . linda wow ! what 's all that ? rane ( smile ) lotsa stuff . I get a record player . one from sear . they say it be a good one . rane try to rip open a cardboard box contain a $ 69.95 portable stereo . his hook be not too efficient at this operation so Linda drop to she knee and help hin . 91 . linda Jesus , Charlie , you do not have to do this . rane I know . Linda tear open the box and start haul out the stereo . linda where 's a plug ? rane I also get you some clothes . and some record . ( hold package ) timecut : rane and Linda have place the turntable on the chair and sit on the floor beside it . the two speaker sit on the floor to they right and leave . Linda have put on the clothes Charlie buy for she , the empty bag lie next to she old clothes on the bed . it 's just like Christmas . Linda be wear bell~ bottom blue jeans , black leather boot and a red turtleneck sweater . Aphrodite , step aside . on the floor by the stereo be several open record album : Susan raye 's " my heart have a mind of its own , " Loretta Lynn 's " here I be again , " Tanya tucker 's " Delta Dawn , " and other . " my heart have a mind of its own " " no matter what I do , no matter what I say , I just can not seem to turn the other way , when I be with someone new , I always think of you , guess my heart have a mind of its own . " linda what be we go to do now ? go back to Corpus ? rane what do you want to do ? we will do whatever you like . 92 . linda put as many mile between I and Texas as I can . let 's go up north somewhere where it 's cold . where there 's eskimos and snow and people who never leave they house . ( a beat ) and where they make love like bunny all day . R. ( smile ) sound great to I . Linda embrace he : linda I be glad I stick it out with you , Charlie . rane as long as we be in El paso , there 's someplace I would like to go before we leave , if it 's all right with you . linda where 's that ? rane I have get a old friend that life here . his name be johnny . johnny vohden . ( pronounce voh -dean ) I know he a long time . linda yes ? rane yeah . I know he for quite a few year . in hanoi , ( a beat ) I be sure he would like some company . he be just a young kid . but God he be a tough one . the best of they all . now there be a real man . I could hear he groan at night . he would hit the floor groan then three minute later he would be tapping out morse code relay on what have happen that day and what he have see . I would have give my heart to have help he then . ( a beat ) that be a man . CUT to : 93 . real army int . johnny vohden 's live room . even . nine people be crowded into the vohden 's lower middle - class live room : Charlie and Linda , johnny vohden and he wife betty - ann , he son JOHN jr. age 10 , he daughter suzy age 8 , he aging father , he sister and brother-in - law . family photograph sit atop the piano , a frame poster of yosemite Falls hang above the wear green sofa , a color tv play silently in the corner . the pea-green rug be wear through in two place beside the woolworth coffee table . with the exception of Charlie , johnny and Linda , every - one else in the room rate pretty low on the interest scale . the old man have one foot in the cloud , the other in the grave . the kid be bored shitless and the sister and brother - in- law chatter aimlessly . johnny vohden , about 26 , .lean , handsome ( we see he in the credit ) , sit sandwich on the sofa between he wife and sister . he once have soft babyish feature , but they have grow prematurely hard and expressionless . he seem very uncomfortable , no longer the " man " Charlie have describe . johnny wear a sixty tab -collar white shirt which seem a size too big for he . his hair be still cut short . he look pathetically from side to side , Linda be wear the new clothes Charlie buy for she and rane wear he freshly press and clean af uniform . everyone be sip from a unmatch set of coffee cup . a plate of sugar cookie sit atop a stack of pow pamph - let on the coffee table . sister {to suzy ) suzy , see if anyone else want some more cookie . suzy get up in perfunctory little girl fashion and - offer the cookie plate around the crowded room . there be a few taker . sister col . rane , John have say so much about you . you must be the most famous person we know . you be a real hero . that 's pretty rare . 94 , brother~in -law yeah , there be not many heroes anymore . everything be buy cheap , sell expensive . they wait for rane to answer : he say nothing . sister that 's really some car you get there , Col. rane . johnny start a smile : johnny yeah . then swallow it . rane it 's a little dirty just now . brother-in-law what kind of engine you get in there , Charlie , the 500 cc ? rane it 's a bug un . they all laugh . JOHN JR . the eldorado be the last factory - make american convertible . all the other company stop make they . cadillac will probably stop make tem , too . brother~in -law ( cut in ) that thing cost a fortune . sister then the japanese will start make they . we will have to start buy we cadillac convertible from Japan . they do everything anyway . brother=in -law itm just afraid one of they jap will get ahold of a atomic bomb and take it into he basement and figure out in two week how to make one for $ 49.94 . then every kook in the country could buy one . John 's father mumble something : 95 . father mumble~mumb1e-mumble-mumble . johnny what 's that , pop ? what do you say ? sister speak louder , dad . he mumble a little louder : father mumb1le—mumble~mumble~mumbie. johnny " they be all make " what , pop ? sister niggers . he say they be all make by nigger . johnny ( confuse ) what be , the atomic bomb ? sister no , the american car , stupid . JOHN JR . that 's just grandpaw . he always talk that way . brother-in-law yeah . well even white people do not make thing any good no more . betty ann there 's no more craftsmanship leave in this country . I buy that tv there ... ( continue ) she gesture at tv : a situation Comedy be play . betty ann ( continue ) «+. from r.c.a. because I want to " buy american " during the war and all , but it break down three week after I get it and when the r.c.a. man come to fix it he say all the part be make in Japan anyway . so next time I be go to buy one straight from Japan . 96 . we see johnny 's face : he be bored , listless , as uneasy as Charlie be at the outset of the picture . he be a outsider in he own home . Charlie 's heart go out to johnny . he remember the man he once be . they look at each other a moment , then quickly turn away like child catch in the contempla ~ tion of a crime . the sister , brother - in=law and Betty Ann , for they part , be not knowingly obnoxious . they love johnny and think they be do the best thing for he by help " cheer he up . " sister ( to Linda ) how about you , Linda , do you have a tv ? Linda respond cautiously and politely . she wish to say nothing which would embarrass Charlie . linda yes , I get a japanese one . a Sony triniton . betty ann ( to johnny ) see ? some people have some sense . sister that be advertise at the Democratic Convention , be not it ? brother-in-law yeah . ( to johnny ) sammy visser get one of that . there 1s a short pause : betty ann {to johnny ) you remember sammy visser , do not you ? johnny ( uneasy ) no ... not exactly . betty ann of course you do . sammy visser . he play tackle for the Dallas Cowboys . he go to El paso High school. 97 . brother-in-law ( astonished ) everybody know sammy visser . sister he be a couple year ahead of you in high school . brother-in-law sure . johnny just shrug . sister ( change subject ) well , maybe we should get one of that Sony triniton next time . - brother~in -law we old tv be still good . Charlie look at johnny ; he look like he 's go to puke . JOHN JR . I read someplace that the only good thing Americans still make be can opener . brother-in~law ( to Betty Ann ) how 's the garage sale come ? Charlie look at johnny . betty ann we start Monday . I get everything all pick out and label ... ( look at johnny ) johnny 's go to help I with the sale , and John Jr. 's go to tack up all the sign ... suzy ( interrupt ) I , too , mommy . I be go to help , too . betty ann of course , suzy . suzy 's go to help the customer . we get to make the sign yet . Judy danoff make $ 40 on she sale last week and she just have a bunch of junk . 98 . chariie look deeply into johnny 's blank face . deep inside johnny 's head wheel be slowly turn . rane politely cut into the conversation : rane ~ hey , johnny . johnny yeah , Charlie ? rane ( softly ) come with I a minute . there 's something I want to ask you . johnny sure . Charlie get up and walk toward the bedroom . stepping over some leg , johnny follow he . johnny 's sister whisper to Betty Ann as they exit : sister ( whisper ) they probably want to talk about the war . - cut to : JOHN JR .'s bedroom . rane and johnny be stand - ing next to the junior-sized bed . plastic model b- 52 , F - 100 and F - 4 fighter plane hang on thread from the ceiling . Charlie and johnny must look through the plane to see each other , rane put he arm on johnny 's shoulder : rane johnny . johnny ( smile ) hiya , Charlie . rane how be you ? johnny you know . be havin ' some trouble . rane it 's a long way back . 99 . johnny sure be , Charlie . sometimes I ... ( pause ) you know there be so much stuff I want to talk to you about then . but I can not remember it now . rane it 's all right . johnny I just want to say I be never a hero like you , rane . rane neither be i. listen , johnny , you hear about I ? ( hold up hook ) johnny yeah , read it in the papers . that 's too bad . I be look forward to meeting you wife . what be she name , Janet ? rane well , I find they , johnny . I find they that kill my wife and kid and take my money and my hand . they're in juarez . now . there 's too many of they for I to handle alone . I need you help . will you help I get they , johnny ? it may be bloody . johnny oh , Jesus , Charlie . oh , I do not know . God , I can not . my wife , the kid . I gotta take care of they . what will Betty Ann think ? rane put both he hand on johnny 's shoulder and stare at he compassionately : rane johnny . ( a beat ) it do not matter . ( a beat ) let 's go , johnny . understand ? johnny look back at he then slowly smile : johnny yeah . let 's tear some ass . 100 . johnny and Charlie walk out of John Jr. 's bedroom and slip into the master bedroom . they hear the voice from the live room as they move from one bedroom to the other . johnny close the door to the master bedroom and the voice cease . all be quiet . johnny open the closet and pull out he freshly - press sky= - blue af Lt. 's uniform . he place it carefully across the bed . he bend down to the floor of the closet , rummages through some box and come up with he service .45 automatic and a clip . he place this on the bed beside the uniform . timecut : Charlie and johnny , stand tall in they uniform , walk out of the bedroom toward the live room . johnny have the .45 tuck in he waistband . Betty Ann look up in horror as she see they come . betty ann ( she voice rise ) where be you go , John ? johnny I be go out with Charlie for a while . I will be back in a couple hour . Betty Ann know what 's happen : betty ann ( near hysterical ) no , no ! you can not go with that madman ! he 'il get you kill for surel I will not lose you again , johnny ! johnny walk toward the front door . Betty Ann run to he and grab he desperately . betty ann no ! he 's crazy ! you have get to stay here . think of the kid ! we do not want no hero in this house ! we want youl johnny grab Betty Ann by the shoulder and shake she . this not have any effect , he slap she . 101 . johnny Betty Ann ! ( she settles down ) Betty ann. listen , {a beat ) be real Army for I , huh ? huh ? Betty Ann say nothing . look back into the live room , johnny wave goodbye to he father : johnny so long , pop . johnny 's father return the wave . father mumble~mumb1le-~mumble~mumble . johnny walk out the front door . Charlie follow . Linda , who have say nothing , now get up and go out the door after they . outside , Linda stand on the dark front lawn with Charlie and johnny . linda Charlie ? rane yes , Linda ? she walk up to he : linda youtre go , huh ? rane yeah . I be sorry . honest . if try to keep my word to you . but I could not . forgive I . linda you come back ? rane of course , darling . linda really ? Charlie put he arm around she : 102 . rane I do not know if you can handle this but I be go to tell you the truth . the truth be that I love you , baby , and that I be come back for you and that everything 's go to be all right . linda charite . they embrace . rane break free and walk toward the await red cadillac with johnny . he turn back and say to Linda : . rane Alaska , baby . cuT to : 103 . FIRE base juarez night : Charlie and johnny , dress in they uniform , and smile broadly from the front seat of a red con - vertible , pass the border guard and cross over the bridge into juarez . just a couple - a soldier boy on the town . rane drive through the street of juarez . he pull slowly down the road where the brothel be locate . rane cut he light and pull to the side of the curb . ahead they can see the big white Continental and its steer-horn ornament . they sit and look a moment , then Charlie turn to johnny : rane they be all in there . Three mex and three white . one old white , two young . Old mex wear black suit , red tie , patch suede boot . ola white name Big Ed look like Joel mccrea . Big feller with caw lime green suit . two Texas hick with stetson . mex melio about 25 , a hotdogger , wear tight orange pants . one young white name t- Bird . speak spic . another young mex , no description . six in all . the white Continental 1s theirs . with the horn . ( a beat ) they would recognize I , so I be go around back , you dog it in and case the place . lie low till you hear a shot , then come out shoot . timecut : Charlie and johnny stand beside the open trunk . Charlie load the two nickel - plate .45 and tuck they into he belt . he heft and load the brown double barrel . johnny pull a old af duffle bag out of the trunk and shove some rag into it . johnny pull out the saw - off six - shot Winchester , load it and place it among the rag in the duffle bag . he pull out he own .45 and place it in with the Winchester . he put a extra clip in he pants pocket . 104 , johnny zip the duffle bag and heft it . Charlie pull out the .357 Magnum and motion for johnny to load it for he . johnny load the Magnum revolver and Charlie tuck it into he waistband behind he back . adjusting himself , Charlie close the trunk . rane ready , Lieutenant ? johnny start the ball rollin’ , Colonel . they slowly walk toward the light brothel . approach the brothel , they split up . Charlie , crouch ~ ing over , sneak around the rear of the building . johnny , swinging he duffle bag , saunter down the side - walk and walk up the step to the brothel . he be greet by the madam inside the door . madam hola , soldado . johnny howdy , mafam . what 's happen ? they tell I this be a good place for a soldier to have a good time . madam you come to the right place , soldier - boy . they walk into the parlor . a Old mexican sit on the sofa sing and play " La golondrina '' on he guitar . johnny I want a nice pretty young lady . ( form outline with hand ) lindo . very lindo . madam follow I . he do , notice a couple house thug as he go . she take he into a ancillary room where two young girl be sit . 105 . madam candida . ( to johnny ) this be candy . muy lindo . johnny how much ? madam for this one , soldier , thirty dollar half hour . the best in the house . she speak some English . johnny Si . I like to go first -class . johnny pull out thirty dollar and give it to the madam . candy stand , look at johnny and say : candy Va. candy walk up the central bannister as johnny , duffle bag in hand , follow . we have ample opportunity to study the layout of the brothel . when he reach the top of the stair , johnny hear the loud voice of several man . we recognize one of the voice : t- Bird . candy walk one way down the carpete corridor , while johnny intentionally walk the other way . candy call he back : candy hey , gringo ! johnny peek into one room and see a pair of multi - color suede patch boot on the floor . love-make sound come from within the room . johnny ( to candy ) no room here ? candy this way . ( gesture ) johnny listen in on the next room he pass . he hear a card game in progress : 106 , melio paso . t-bird marca ... two dollar . second texan paso . candy call back to johnny : candy come ? johnny sure be . johnny follow candy down the hallway . she enter a small room and he follow . ' inside the room , candy close the door behind they . johnny sit on the edge of the bed , place the duffle bag at he foot . johnny Boy , be I tired , honey . CUT to : rear of brothel . a young mexican - american stand guard by a rear stairway . setting he shotgun down , rane walk over to the mexican . before the mexican can reach for he small revolver , Charlie clap he hand . rane listen , amigo , why do not you just scram ? all hell 's gonna break out inside there and you be not gonna wanna be around . the mexican - american seem confuse . mexican -american I guard here . no one come in . rane put he hand on the mexican - american 's face as if he be give he a benediction . rane I be not fool , son . if you do not leave you will be dead . rane push he face away . 107 . the young mexican - american do not take he advice ; instead he reach for he revolver . rane wrench the mexican - american 's arm behind he back , spin he around and , reach around with he sharpen hook , slice open he throat . the mexican - american gurgle a moment , then falis over . Charlie walk back to pick up he shotgun . CUT to : candy room . johnny sit on the edge of the bed , he ear cocked : wait , listen . strain of " La golondrina " can be hear in the background . candy you just sit there ? johnny I be not get much energy leave , baby . you be go to have to help I . with a sigh of resignation , candy walk over to the bed and begin unbuttone johnny 's af shirt . johnny 's ear be perk , listen for even the slight sound . CUT to : ext . stairway . carry the brown shotgun , rane stealthily walk up the rear stair . the two nickel - plate .45 in he waistband glimmer in the moonlight . reaching the top of the stair , Charlie peek into the corridor . it be empty . he enter . rane tiptoe down the carpete corridor , listen and lock as he go . cuT to : candy room . candy , have remove johnny 's shirt and undershirt , unty he shoe and pull they off . the sock follow . listen closely , johnny hear Charlie 's footstep come down the hall . he be all ear now . as candy reach for johnny 's belt buckle he hand drop down toward he duffle bag , revealing the gun . rane 's footstep tiptoe down the hall . candy loosen johnny 's belt . she put she hand in he waistband . 108 , cu : johnny 's hand slip into the duffle bag and clasp the handle of the .45 , CUT to : corridor . Charlie look through a ajar door : he see the patch suede boot sit on the floor . hoist the huge brown b-ss waist level , he poise himself and slowly kick the door open . the door slowly open : inside , the mexican lie rutting with a whore . rane wait for the mexican to notice he . the mexican 's eye look up and recognize Charlie . rane say softly : rane stand up , amigo . die on you foot . the mexican slowly get up . the whore crouch at the rear of the bed in horror . mexican ah , texican , you be such a macho . rane discharge both barrel of the brown , blow both the mexican and he whore into the wallpaper . cut : candy room . johnny hear the blast , grab he - 45 out of the duffle bag and smashes candy across the face with it . she reel against the far wall . johnny bitch ! johnny reach into the duffle bag with he other hand and pull out the saw - off pump shotgun . candy scream . carry a gun in each hand , johnny burst out of candy 's room and jump into the corridor . he arrive in time to see Charlie chuck down the brown b-ss and pull one of the nickel - plate .45 from he waistband . they eye meet . the brothel be fill with the sound of scream and panic . no more " La golondrina . " 109 . rane johnny ! johnny Charlie ! johnny tuck he .45 into he waist and they each move toward a door . a door open : a drunken t- Bird be look up from the bottle - strewm card table in bewilderment . melio scramble for a gun . the second Texan hold a long knife . t-bird hot damn , second texan sheeit . Three successive blast from johnny 's 12 gauge pump shotgun send the poker player fly in every direction . we notice a bit of t- Bird here , a bit of melio ( in orange pants ) there . the body of a couple woman join the melee . the second Texan , scream , cover with blood and hold - ing he knife , charge toward johnny . another blast from the Winchester send he spin backwards . rane push open he door and find there a innocent american businessman cower under the bed and a frighten whore cower atop tt . rane be too key up to stop now : he plug they both with the .45 , first the american , then the whore . rane step back into the corridor next to johnny . there be the SOUND of run foot from the end of the cor - ridor . Charlie turn and fire , candy 's bloody body roll down the carpet . there be a sharp retort from the opposite end of the corridor . Charlie grimace . blood spread from a bullet wound in he side . johnny wheel around and see Big Ed stand behind Charlie with a smoking .38 in he hand . Big Ed be wear he unbuttone lime green western shirt with the rhinestone wagon wheel on it . two blast from johnny 's shotgun send Big Ed bounce on he butt down the hail . johnny throw down the shotgun and pull he .45 , 110 . one door remain unopen on the second floor . johnny and Charlie approach it with they .45 draw at arm 's length . two young half - naked mexican , one of they Big Ed 's chauffeur , burst out of the room fire they revolver . they be cut down in the crossfire of .45 slug . johnny eatch a surface wound in he right forearm . johnny duck down , crossing in front of the open at the top of the stair . a bullet fly past he head as he run . he notice several mexican thug stand at the foot of the stair out of the corner of he eye . they have draw gun . there be no immediate danger . johnny and Charlie rest a moment , look at each other across the bannister open . it 1s possible for they to retreat out the back stair , but they do not . Charlie drop he .45 and pull a freshly load one from he waist . his shirt be soak with blood . johnny discharge the spend clip from he .45 and insert a fresh one from he pocket . they look at each other a moment , decide what to do . Charlie yell to johnny in vietnamese : chung to di di ! johnny reply : johnny death ! Da Nang ! hanoi! they jump into the bannister open and rapidly dis - charge they automatics down the stair . a mexican fall at the foot of the stair . Charlie catch another bullet in the chest and fall down the stair . johnny call to he as he fall : johnny Charlie ! Charlie ! ill . johnny be hit in the upper shoulder with a .38 . he be stop but for a second , then come back fire . a - other mexican fall . only one remain . blood flow down johnny 's right breast . Charlie yank the 357 out of he back , pulis himself up on the bannister and blast the remain mex across the blood -spatter room . simultaneously , Charlie catch a slug in he throat . try to speak , he gurgle blood and die . though Charlie 's killer be already dead , johnny plug he again . and again . there be no more man at the foot of the stair . only bloody body , scared whore and a discard guitar . the camera slowly pan up the stair from Charlie 's dead body to johnny still stand at the top of the stair . he stand bareback in bare foot , he belt hang loose . blood cover he right breast and leave forearm . con - torte body lie on the floor behind he . there be a .45 in he hand . he be scream at the top of he lung . his gun be empty but johnny can not stop fire it . his finger manickly pull the trigger : click , click , click , click , click , click . the image freeze frame . SOUND abruptly halt . johnny be catch mid-trigger pull , he mouth freeze open in a never -end scream , keyed~up , ready to go . a force in motion , unable to stop . pure energy . the freeze frame hold as we hear only the SOUND of rolling thunder . the end