ac eds roma written and directed by alfonso cuar6én date in red be mean only as a tool for the different department for the specific historical accuracy of the scene and be not intend to appear on screen . Thursday , September 3rd , 1970 int . patio tepeji 21 - day yellow triangle inside red square . Water spread over tile . grimy foam . the tile floor of a long and narrow patio stretch through the entire house : on one end , a black metal door give onto the street . the door have frost glass window , two of which be break , courtesy of some deject goalee . cleo , cleotilde / cleodegaria gutiérrez , a mixtec indigenous woman , about 26 year old , walk across the patio , nudging water over the wet floor with a squeegee . as she reach the other end , the foam have amass in a corner , timidly show off its shiny little white bubbles , but - a gush of water surprise and drag the stubborn little bubbles to the corner where they finally vanish , whirling into the sewer . cleo pick up the broom and bucket and carry they to - the SMALL patio - which be enclose between the kitchen , the garage and the house . she open the door to a small closet , put away the broom and bucket , walk into a small bathroom and close the door . the patio remain silent except for a radio announcer , he enthusiasm melting in the distance , and the sad song of two cage little bird . the toilet flush . then : water from the sink . a beat , the door open . cleo dry she hand on she apron , enter the kitchen and disappear behind the door connect it to the house . int - ground floor - tepeji 21 - day cleo cross the dark , antique wood breakfast room , then the modern light and angle wood dining room and go up the stair , reach the hall . Beyond the hall there be two live room , one with heavy green velvet sofa and antique cabinet with record and a stereo . there 's a piano next to the wall . continued : the other live room , with its light sofa and cocktail tray and siphon attempt to look more modern . there 's a giant painting in red and purple hue of a woman lean on a clay pitcher . in the other live room , there 's another painting , also large but more somber : in a dark stone cell , a monk bring solace to a shackle prisoner who cover he face with he hand in desperation . int - upper level - tepeji 21 - day the stair go up to a central hall surround by four bedroom and a enormous bathroom . cleo make up the bedroom : the double bed be already make , it have a ornate mahogany headboard that match the night table . she collect the dirty clothes from the floor and carry they out to the hall where she pile they up onto a grow mound of laundry . the upstairs hallway double as a tv room . the bathroom be yet to be clean but two out of three bedroom be completely do . cleo walk into a room with two small bed for the kid . she pick up the clothes first , and then put away the boy and girl toy spread across the entire floor . she 's start make one of the bed when she hear someone call from downstairs - adela ( 0.s. ) manita ! it 's almost one ...! startle , cleo exclaim - cleo ay , chict ...! she exit the bedroom carry dirty laundry . in the hallway , she gather the pile of clothing and carry it , hurry down the stair . int - downstair - tepeji 21 - day cleo head down the stair , carry the pile of clothes . 3 . she cross the hall and dining room and disappear behind the door that open to the kitchen . after a beat , through - the window we see she exit to the small patio . she leave the clothes at the foot of the metal stair that lead to the roof and hurry out to the street . ext - house - tepeji 21 - day tepeji street span barely two block , halve by monterrey Avenue , its tired home build in the 1930s . sad and defeat , tepeji 21 sit in the middle of the block rest on its solid ground , which blend with the grey concrete of the sidewalk . the house be all white save for a almost - maroon red strip run along its facade and for the black wringht iron over the window and door . next to the upper leave hand corner of the door there 's a ceramic tile number : 21 . the door open and cleo exit . she hurry out to the Avenue and once she reach the corner , she turn right . ext - STREET - monterrey ave . - tlaxcala - day cleo leave tepeji and walk down the avenue where there 's a considerable amount of traffic . as she reach the corner , she cross the avenue and continue on - tlaxcala STREET - she pass a pharmacy , a convenience store , a bakery and a beauty salon . ext - condesa kindergarten - day a small crowd gather by the kindergarten entrance . it 's pickup time . cleo arrive and go into the school . after a moment , she come out with pepe , a 5 year - old boy carry a barely dry '' work of art '' . ext —- tlaxcala STREET - day 4 . cleo walk next to pepe , who carry he '' work of art '' : just a little kid in short and t-shirt . pepe walk , skip around not to step on the line . cleo carry he lunch box . suddenly , pepe stop and sit down . cleo keep walk a few step , then stop , turn around - cleo ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? pepe I be tired . cleo well , let 's go then so we can get home . as soon as we get there you can go straight to bed ! pepe I can not . cleo pretend to keep walk . pepe ( cont 'd ) Mom ! cleo stop and turn around - cleo of course you can ! come on ! let 's go ! pepe I say I can not ! cleo if I go to bed every time I think '' I can not '' , I would live in bed ! pepe I be not in bed . cleo take he hand - cleo come on , there 's pasta soup ... pepe get up — pepe oocooooocoh ! continued : and he start with heavy and lazy step . pepe ( cont 'd ) mooooocco000o00o0m ! cleo c'mon little soldier , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ... march ! the two march hand in hand . ext - patio - tepeji 21 - day cleo and pepe walk in : he 's carry he '' work of art '' while she carry the lunch box . they listen to adela call she - adela ( 0.s. ) ( in mixtec ) hurry up , manita ! fermin be on the phone ! cleo hurry and go inside the house to answer . int - downstair hall - tepeji 21 - day cleo hello ? int - kitchen - tepeji 21 - day adela be cooking : pot simmer on the stove . cleo walk in , leave the lunch box on the table . adela ( in mixtec ) so , what do he say ? cleo nothing ! he just call to say hi ! cleo pick up dish and glass , carry they out . adela stir the soup . cleo come in again and open the silverware drawer . adela sure ... now you have steal my boyfriend , right ? cleo what ? you crazy ? fermin be only my friend . plus , you be the one who introduce we . adela ay , manita ! look at you ! I be just mess with you . I only go out twice with he and do not even let he kiss I . we hear the street door open and with it a commotion of kid . cleo they be here ... cleo exit to - ext - patio - tepeji 21 - day cleo reach the patio just as - two child run in - tono , 12 year old and paco , 11 . the two rush into the house and we hear they go up the stair . soon after , sofi , a 8 year - old girl come in . she 's very pretty although she brother constantly pick on she , call she fat . trail behind , come senora teresa , a 65 year - old widow , hair completely white , walk with a limp . ignacio , the 45 year - old driver , follow she , carry a grocery bag . int - breakfast room - tepeji 21 - day cleo cut pepe 's meat with a knife , she cut ever - smaller piece , until only tiny square of steak remain . she douse they with lemon . sofi impatiently wait she turn . paco eat he meat while he talk - paco a friend tell I that a kid in he cousin 's school be kill by a soldier because he throw a water balloon at he . continued : tofio listen skeptically - senora sof backpack a : sefliora sof of art '' - she sit - tono say who ? paco say Flores . if you do not believe I , ask he . he say he be in chapultepec , near the new one , and that he be with he brother , throw water balloon down at the pass car and so a army Jeep pass and they throw one and the soldier get off and shot he . cleo Jesus ! and what happen to he ? paco what do you mean , what happen ? he get shot in the head , he 's dead . cleo horrible ! of enter through the hallway door , carry a no a bunch of papers from the dining room table - senora sofia hello child , what be you eat ? sofi and pepe Mom ! ia kiss each one hello . pepe show she he '' work pepe look , mommy ... senora sofia beautiful ! do you make that all by yourself ? pepe yes , and look : there 's pasta soup ! senora sofia yummm , delicious ! senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) cleo , please do not let the kid touch that papers - they be exam I have to grade . tono be there any watermelon ? cleo no , love . strawberry and cream . paco I want some ! cleo get up , take some dirty dish with she - cleo what about you , tofno ? tono I guess so . cleo go to - int - kitchen - tepeji 21 - day cleo come in with the dirty dish , put they in the sink . ignacio and adela eat at a small table . cleo take a clean bowl and start pour soup -— . cleo andali , the sefora be here . sofia and tofio want they strawberry ... adela get up , slowly , and put some plate , spoon , strawberry , sugar and cream on a platter . she look at cleo with a question and smile . cleo blushes and leave , carry she platter . int - breakfast room - tepeji 21 - day sefiora sofia eat she soup . cleo fix the strawberry and cream on plate . senora sofia cleo , could you please send the senor 's two suit to the dry cleaner . it have to be today because he 's leave on Friday and have to pack they . cleo do not worry , mar ’am , I will take they . pepe be dad go on a trip ? senora sofia he 's go to Quebec for a conference . sofi where 's that ? paco how come you do not know , silly ? sofi I do not . so what ? tono it 's in Canada . paco be he fly Eastern ? senora sofia I do not know . I think it 's panam . cleo serve sofi a plate of strawberry and cream . senora sof{a ( cont ’d ) no sugar for sofi , or she will get fat . ext - roof - tepeji 21 - afternoon cleo wash clothes , occasionally hum to a song come out of a yellow radio . the metallic creak of the stair announce the arrival of paco , follow by pepe . cleo you know you can not come up here . paco I look after he the whole way up . 10. continued : cleo you mom be go to be angry . but paco have start he game , pull pepe along with he . paco I be go to come out of here and you come over here , and when I get to here you 'il shoot I , but I x11 shoot you first and you will fall dead ... like this ... with you arm wide open ... paco take bullet like sonny corleone against the wall of the neighbor house . cleo just do not play next to the edge . paco c'mon ... paco move away on the roof while pepe hide behind the water tank . paco come back , but now hide like a enemy spy all the way to the water tank . he try to go around it , with he gun hold high , but - pepe come at he from behind , with murderous intent . paco react and turn around , try to point with he gun but pepe spray he with sure shot and hide behind the water tank leave paco confuse at first , then furious - — paco ( cont 'd ) you be suppose to die ! from behind the water tank , pepe defy he - pepe why be not you the one who die ? paco Cause it 's my game . pepe then I do not wanna play anymore . 11 . continued : paco well , then I do not want you to play , sissy . he walk off , angry . he go down the staircase , each step resonate with metallic moan . pepe walk over to see he go and stop in the middle of the roof , clearly disappointed . he stay there for a long time , until suddenly - a spray of invisible bullet shoot through he and pepe fall dead , he arm spread open , like paco say . and he stay there , lie down motionless on the ground . cleo dry she hand and walk over to he . she stop and watch he - cleo what happen to you ? without open he eye , pepe answer from the ground . pepe I be dead . cleo well , let 's go down then . pepe I can not . I be dead . cleo then come back to life , we have to go down ! pepe if you die , you can not live again . cleo now what be I go to do without my pepe !? cleo sit on the ground next to pepe , who remain motionless . cleo ( cont 'd ) I can not live without my pepe ! cleo lie down next to pepe , arm also extend , and close she eye - 12 . continued : cleo ( cont 'd ) I be also dead . and so she remain still , pepe next to she . a DC 8 fly overhead . pepe open a eye to see cleo . she 's not move and seem not to be breathe at all . pepe reach he hand and take cleo 's . pepe cleo ...? but cleo 's not move . pepe sit up -— pepe ( cont 'd ) cleo ...? cleo I be dead . pepe no! C ’mon , get up ! cleo do not you say that be impossible ? pepe cleo , stop it ! but cleo do not answer . pepe ( cont 'd ) cleo ! she remain still . pepe ( cont 'd ) cleeoo ! pepe 's start to get scared - pepe ( cont 'd ) cleeeeeeeeooooooo ! cleo open she eye and smile at he . cleo I be play you game . let 's see ... shall we play a little longer ? pepe lie down next to she , arm outstretch . 13 . continued : cleo ( cont 'd ) Close you eye . they both close they eye . cleo ( cont 'd ) I like be dead . pepe hold she hand . the two of they lie dead on the roof - the afternoon quiet hour have begin . Church bell ring in the distance . all around they , a landscape of roof mushroom in all direction . in many of they , other woman wash or hang laundry . the wind carry the hum of different radio and dog bark . the whistle of a sweet potato cart . the quiet universe . int - MAIN bathroom - tepeji 21 - night cleo bathes sofi and pepe in the bathtub . sofi 's hair be full of soap and she play at make different hairdos in the mirror . pepe have a submarine but be not play with it . he 's pensive . pepe cleo , if you die right now , would you go to heaven or hell ? cleo and why would I die ? pepe I be just say ... Heaven or hell ? cleo you be kill I all the time ... pepe be get annoyed . pepe well , it 's a game ! tell I already ... heaven or hell ? cleo fill a small bucket with water and tell cleo let 's see , close you eye ... as she pour water to rinse she hair . cleo ( cont 'd ) I would fly straight up to heaven with my little wing . pepe paco tell I that in he religion class the have a sli-d show ... cleo sli-d ...? sofi laugh - sofi slide show . pepe that thing . about hell . cleo pour another bucketful on sofi . cleo ( uninterested ) Hell ? pepe yep , painting and photo .... cleo photo ? pepe yeah . he say there be fire on all side ... and that while they burn you , there 's some real ugly devil poke you , like this , with iron ... and other that bite you or eat you arm .... cleo ay chica ! horrible ! stop talk about that ...! 14 . sofi - 15 . continued : pepe yeah but it do not matter ...! cleo what do you mean it do not matter ? what about all the fire ? pepe laugh - pepe he say it do not matter cause that 's where he want to go ! cleo what ? but do not you say they burn people there ? pepe yes , but paco say everyone there be naked ! his laugh be now roaring -— pepe ( cont 'd ) and that you can see all the girl ... naked ! pepe be laugh hard , sofi spit out water and laugh with he . ext . - patio - tepeji 21 - night the frost glass panel light up and we hear - a horn honk - ta-ta ta- to ta-ta ta-taaaaaaa ! behind the door , the powerful and tantalize hum of a v8 . from inside the car , boom xela radio station play '' un bal '' from symphonie fantastique . borras immediately start bark at the door . cleo and adela rush to the patio- adela well , he 's in early . cleo grab borras and drag he to the back of the patio . 16 . continued : cleo do not you know he 's leave tomorrow ? adela begin to open the door . pepe and sofi peek out from the hall . holding borras , cleo order they to - cleo ( cont 'd ) wait there ! the v8 impatiently purr behind the door and finally - adela open the door to reveal - the front of a 1970 2 - door black galaxie 500 . its powerful headlight flood the patio all the way to the back , lighting cleo who hold borras . the galaxie 500 slowly pull in but it 's too large for the space , leave only about a inch on each side of the door . the front of the car be in , then it break - the leave side be about to touch the door frame . the tire turn right accompany by the screech of rubber against tile . the galaxie 500 move further in but then break again - the right side be about to touch . the black power steering wheel turn and - the wheel veer leave , screeching . it echoe through the patio , syncopate with the waltz emanate from the radio . sefiora sofia come to the hall door next to sofi and pepe . sofi dad 's home early ! the car move forward a couple of inch and stop . the gear shift to R - the galaxie 500 back up a few inch , break . 17 . continued : the gear shift to D - the car inch forward slowly , free of the door frame . it 's almost halfway in when it stop . the wheel veer right and - screech . and the waltz pick up its rhythm . the car move forward half a yard and break . the tire line straight up and - the galaxie 500 have make it through the door frame and be now entirely inside the patio - as the waltz reach its grand finale ... the car park right next to the hall entrance door - the engine shut off , and with it , the music - sofi and pepe lunge through the door - senor ANTONIO there , there , there .... let I get out . sefiora sofia pull the child to she and - senor ANTONIO come out of the car , he 's 40 year old with a few white hair in he beard . he 's still wear he white doctor 's coat . the child jump on he immediately -— senor ANTONIO ( cont 'd ) who ? who ? who be this kid ? sefiora sofia touch he shoulder . the family come in . adela close the street door and cleo set borras free . he immediately sniff at the galaxie 500 's tire . int - upstair hall - tepeji 21 - night gordolfo gelatino exist he bedroom wear a robe , stretch he arm lazily - 18 . ( cont 'd ) gordolfo gelatino ( on t.v. ) ya se despert6 tu rorro , mmamacita ... ( you baby 's up , lil 's mama ) dofia naborita welcome he enthusiastically - dona naborita ( on t.v. ) my angel of the mornin 's ! Si a pena son las dos de la tarde ! ya descansanste de descansar ? ( it 's barely 2 pm ! have you rest from rest ? ) the entire family be seat in front of a 1970 admiral television set . sofi be perch on sefior Antonio and pepe 's on sefiora sofia 's lap , paco lean on she , cuddle . tofio , always more distant , sit in a armchair . cleo serve sefior Antonio strawberry and cream . she pick up a plate with the remain of a concha and bean and head towards the stair when - laughter explode , courtesy of Los polivoce . the kid be laugh hard in they seat . cleo stop and turn - on tv - gordolfo be sit on the couch , admire himself in the mirror , while dofia naborita iron a pile of clothes . dona naborita ( on t.v. ) ( cont ’d ) ora si , mis cerecita de jaibol , el edificio I diéd today su ropa a lavar y voy a poder comprarte ese reloj que tanto the gusta ...! ( that 's right my little highball cherry , the entire building give I they laundry to wash so I be go to buy you that watch you like so much ...!) gordolfo gelatino ( on t.v. ) no I gusta verte trabajar tanto , mis cabecita blanca adorada ! Asi que por favor vete al otro cuarto . ( more ) 19 . gordolfo gelatino ( on t.v. ) ( cont 'd ) ( I do not like to see you work so hard my beloved little white head ... so please go to the other room . ) cleo set aside the plate and sit down on the floor next to the sofa to watch t.v. paco hold out he arm to hug she . pepe try do the same but he can not reach . cleo extend she arm and hook it with he . on t.v. - a bump announce the wash and wear , who , minute later enter he boss El mostachén 's office . he will exploit he , immune to the insult and truth that the wash and wear dish out . senora sofia cleo ? cleo immediately stand up - cleo yes , mar 'am ? senora sofia would you bring the doctor some chamomile tea ? cleo yes , mar 'am . she pick up the plate from the floor and head downstairs . int - kitchen - tepeji 21 - night adela be wash the dish . cleo come in and leave the dirty dish next to the dishwasher . cleo ( cont 'd ) move over ! she bump adela with she hip . . adela orale ! cleo make some chamomile tea for the senora and get go . 20 . continued : adela obey with mock -resignation and dry she hand with a rag - adela just do not take too long ... she grab a pot and pour water from a carboy on the floor . int - upstair hall - tepeji 21 - night cleo walk in with a steaming cup of tea , place it ona table next to sefiora sofia . pepe sleep in she arm . senora sofia can you take he ? cleo take pepe and carry he into he room . sofi follow she . cleo pause before go in to watch - on t.v. - chano and chon reveal they face under they hat . chano start ask chon about penguin size . chon answer and chano start howling at the answer . senora sof{a ( cont ’d ) off to bed , child ... tofio and paco grudgingly get up and kiss they parent good night . int - sofi and pepe 's room - tepeji 21 - night sofi be lie down on she bed . cleo sit next to she , take she hand - cleo angelito de la guarda , mis dulce compania , no I desampare no de noche no de dia . no I deje sola que I perderia ... ( my guardian angel , sweet company , do not leave I alone day or night . do not leave alone because I have be lose ... ) she stroke she face - cleo ( cont 'd ) night -night , beautiful sofi ... and she give she a kiss . 21 . continued : sofi good night , cleo . she close she eye . cleo get up and turn off the light . she exit to - int - upstair hall - tepeji 21 - night it 's empty . paco and tofio 's door be close but sefior Antonio and sefiora sofia 's be still open . sefior Antonio sit on the bed , take off he shoe . sefiora Teresa 's snore echo through the wall . cleo pick up the teacup , intact and still full , and go down the stair . int - downstair - tepeji 21 - night cleo go down the stair carry the tea cup and when she reach the hall , she go into the live room to turn off all the light . she leave one on , next to the window . she keep go till she reach the kitchen door . she walk in . int - kitchen - tepeji 21 - night cleo enter the kitchen , pour out the tea and rinse the cup . she turn off the light and go out to the small patio , climb the metal staircase to she room . int - maid 's quarter - tepeji 21 - night cleo walk into the room . adela be already in she nightgown - adela you take forever ! cleo take off she dress , rush . cleo turn the light off already ! sefiora Teresa get angry if she see the light on ! adela shut the light and the room be dark although the window be big and let the moonlight in . cleo light a candle and put it on the floor . 22 . continued : the two of they lie down , line up in such a way that one 's foot touch the other one 's foot and - adela ready ? cleo go ... the two of they push the upper part of they body together and try to touch they toe - adela ( groan ) one ... and they work on they abs , one after the other - adela ( cont ’d ) ( groan ) two ... between grunt and groan . Sunday , September 20th , 1970 ext - independencia ave - day the festive bustle of a Sunday in downtown Mexico City : family and street vendor everywhere . cleo and adela walk in step , hurry down the sidewalk in a move obstacle race . adela be faster but cleo be more agile and tougher . adela take the lead but run into a bus stop with family get off . cleo manage to slip through the crowd and keep go . the sidewalk be a little less full , so adela take advantage of this and catch up just as they arrive to - ext - torta stand - independencia ave - day they stop , exhaust , catch they breath . one lean on a car , the other one on a lamp post . between deep breath , cleo lift a hand , index point at the sky - 23 . cleo ( breathless ) «-. I win ... adela ( breathless ) ... no ...we be ... tie ... cleo simply shake she head no . int - torta stand - independencia ave - day hand-painted illustration on the wall advertise the different kind of torta available . on the other wall , a mirror cut into diamond shape reflect the already abundant clientele . cleo and adela sit at the bar , enjoy they torta cubanas , spilling over with each bite . adela ( cont ’d ) and then moisé ... remember moisé , from the village ? cleo nod , give she torta a giant bite , overflow with avocado . adela ( cont ’d ) so he be there , boom , boom , boom , and ... cleo ( laugh ) boom , boom ... boom ? adela no silly ! boom , boom , send I letter after letter ... every time she speak , cleo put she hand over she mouth - cleo ( curious ) what all be he write about ? adela well , that he could not stop think about I ... about how much he miss I ... want to see I ... cleo aaaaaaayyyyyyy ---! 24 . ( cont 'd ) adela that he feel so alone without I ... cleo poor guy ! adela that he could not take not see I no more ... cleo aaaaaaay ... adela and so my cousin , he come over from the village to run some errand and bring I another letter from moisé ... cleo and ? adela and so he pull out the letter and give it to I ... but the letter be there with a bunch of other letter , and as he 's pull it out , they all spill onto the floor . and so I see one with moisé 's handwrite , and so I just take it and I open it ...! follow the story , cleo have stop chew - adela ( cont ’d ) and sure enough , it be moisé 's . I can not stop think about you ... I want to see you .... I feel so alone without you ... I miss you so ... cleo pobrecito ! such a nice guy ! adela sure . except the letter be for another girl ! cleo noooooo ! she 's floor , mouth wide open , a half - chew piece of torta still in she mouth . 25 . continued : adela that bastard send the same letter to all the girl ! the both explode in laughter , cover they mouth with they hand . other diner turn around and they both hide they face , try to repress they laughter . at the entrance -— two man walk into the torta stand and look around . they see cleo and adela sit at the bar and walk towards they . ramon , 27 , affable , a little overweight and with sideburn be wear a purple shirt with four button open down the front . fermin , 26 , be shy and a little sullen , with the sculpt body of a athlete over which he sport a t-shirt and a leather jacket . ramon why so alone eat you tortitassssss ...? he startles the two woman . adela get up immediately and - adela ramén ! the two hug and kiss luxuriantly . fermin walk over with a shy smile . cleo get up and they awkwardly kiss hello . adela ( cont 'd ) you want a torta ? timidly , fermin point to he stomach - fermin thanks , I already ... ramon if you be do eat , let 's go , I love watch the preview ! ext —- metropolitan cinema - afternoon 26 . the entrance to the movie theater be a bazar of STREET vendor hawk they ware , recite list over and over like a litany , like mantras in a chant . and old woman seat on the floor offer she candy spread out on a piece of fabric in front of she - candy vendor ... cigarrettes - gum-chocolate - mazipan-muéganos -— peanut -gum drop ... behind he makeshift table , another vendor offer '' japanese '' peanut - peanut vendor japaneeeeeeeeeeeeeeese peanut ! japaneeeeeeeeeeeeeeese peanut ! japaneeeeeeeeeeeeeeese peanut ! a short , chubby lady walk around , a box of Adams gum in hand - gum vendor one peso for Adams chew gum ! mint flavor , spearmint , cinnamon , tuttifrutti ...! a meringue vendor , in he short shirt - meringue vendor ... merengue - merengue -have a delicious merengue !... Magazine vendor , yo -yo and cheap toy vendor ... a cacophony of cry accompany by a barrell organ on the sidewalk . cleo , adela , ramén and fermin line up at the ticket booth . adela what movie be we watch ? ramon who know . fermin ask cleo - fermin you sure you wanna go to the movie ...? cleo sure . I like movie , do not you ? 27 . continued : fermin well , I mean ... it 's so nice out this afternoon , be not it ? cleo realize the sun be shine and turn she have to the sky - cleo yep , sure be clear . she look at he - cleo ( cont 'd ) you want to go to the alameda ? fermin smile at she . fermin wait a sec ... he walk up to Ramon , who be at the top of the line , pull money out of he wallet . adela take the opportunity to go see cleo . adela so , manita , no movie for you ? cleo well ... it 's so nice out , no ? adela ( interrupt ) uuuuuuuuuuuuyyyyyy ! right ... well , you will tell I all about it later , manita . I prefer the darkness . and she walk off with ramdén who be wait to go inside the theater . fermin walk back to cleo and they leave . the street vendor continue they chorus . the organ player be quiet . int - HOTEL room - afternoon the rule hang in a small frame over the door . disregard . behind the window , the Sunday afternoon wane and a fluorescent sign peek in , advertising the hotel . 28 . behind the open bathroom door , a single bulb light the sink and a rusty mirror . fermin exit the bathroom carry a pair of nunchaku . he 's completely naked . cleo wait in bed timidly , she slip still on . she blushes as she see fermin . in front of the bathroom , fermin present he nunchaku - fermin jodan tsuki !... he begin he nunchaku routine . it 's a elaborate and study choreography , the chain up stick spin like helix around he . the effect be both poetic and a little ridiculous , but cleo hide she smile behind the sheet . fermin finalize he routine by strike different position - fermin ( cont ’d ) jodan tsuki ! chudan tsuki ! mae geri! and he bow . cleo repress a laugh . fermin ( cont ’d ) what ? cleo cover she smile , ask - cleo so , do you train every day ? fermin I have to . I owe my life to martial art . I grow up with nothing , you know ? outside , the crowd 's hustle and bustle seem distant . fermin leave the nunchaku on a shelf and walk towards the foot of the bed - fermin ( cont ’d ) when I be a kid and my mar die ... he cross himself - fermin ( cont ’d ) my aunt take I in ... over there in neza . and between my cousin who beat I up and the bad influence , I start drink ... and then huffing ... I be die ... 29 . continued : he pause - fermin ( cont 'd ) but then I find out about martial art . and so then that thing ... well , you know , suddenly everything seem , well ... focus ? fermin pause for a beat , look at cleo - fermin ( cont 'd ) I do not really like tell people about my stuff , but with you it 's ... different . he pull he face close to hers and they lip meet and kiss , softly . but soon cleo move she head , bump fermin on the nose . cleo oh! sorry ...! fermin pull she in again and kiss she intensely and with he mouth lock on cleo 's he lie down slowly on top of she . they make love . Wednesday , November 11th , 1970 . int - maid 's quarter - tepeji 21 - dawn the alarm bell ring . cleo wake up and turn it off . she sit up on she bed . the early morning light come in the window and the house be quiet . adela sleep placidly in she bed . cleo get up in a rush , take she clothes from the chair , put on she shoe and hurry out the door . ext - SMALL patio - tepeji 21 - dawn cleo rush down the stair and into the small bathroom . int - maid 's bathroom - tepeji 21 - dawn 30 . cleo vomit . the bathroom be clean but have have zero upkeep for a long time . the tiny shower be curtainless and the toilet have no seat and no lid on the water tank . in the sink , two toothbrush and a squeeze tube of colgate . on a small shelf , a jar of nivea and a unlit votive candle . int - maid 's bathroom - tepeji 21 - moment later cleo take a shower , the tiny bathroom immediately clouding with steam . int - downstair - tepeji 21 - dawn cleo come out of the kitchen and walk across the house , still in gloom although behind the patio window the first light of day be already warming . cleo reach the stair and walk up . int - upstair hall - tepeji 21 - day through the young child 's bedroom door , we can see cleo whisper to sofi - cleo my little girl ... my beautiful little one ... she tickle she midriff - cleo ( cont 'd ) rise and shine ... wake up , wake up ... it 's a new dawn , it 's a new day ... the tickle inch up sofi 's torso like a army of ant . sofi smile but pretend to sleep . cleo ( cont 'd ) up , up , up little by little ... sofi finally break into laughter and drowsily move she arm . cleo ( cont 'd ) good morning , my little princess ... sofi hug she neck . 31 . cleo ( cont 'd ) andali ! get up ... sofi get up - sofi bathroom ... cleo get go already ! sofi leave the room and cross the hall sleepily while cleo place a clean school uniform on the bed . sefiora Teresa walk out of she bedroom and see sofi about to enter the bathroom - senora teresa good morning , sofi . sofi go in without turn back - sofi good morning , grandma ... she close the door . sefiora Teresa walk down the stair . cleo go to pepe 's bed and give he a quick kiss , make sure not to wake he , then leave the room . she turn the light on in the hall and go to tofio and paco 's room . they be deep asleep . she crouch down next to tofio , caress he head and whisper - cleo tofio , tofio my love , it 's time to wake up ... without even turn around , tofio slap she hand off - tono I be up ... cleo put she hand up in the air - cleo oh , so he 's already awake ! oh , so no one should touch he !... tofo get up , grouchy , and leave the room . 32 . continued : cleo ( cont 'd ) sofi 's in the bathroom ... in the hall , he knock on the bathroom door - sofi ( 0.c. ) busy ! tono knock louder . tono hurry up ! I gotta go ! sofi ( 0.c. ) come ! cleo sit at the foot of paco 's bed and pull one of he foot out of the cover and put he sock on without waking he . she sit he up , lean he against she , and take off the top of he pajamas . in the hall , tofio keep knock on the bathroom door - tono get out ! the bathroom door open , and sofi come out - sofi you can go in now ! tofio walk in straight away and as he close the door - tono fatty ...! sofi walk back into she bedroom . cleo have manage to put paco 's t-shirt on . he 's now sit on the bed . cleo come on , finish get dress . paco take off he pajama pants and cleo walk out to the hall and in to help sofi . int - breakfast room - tepeji 21 - day sefiora Teresa and sofi have breakfast at the table . cleo be put away wax paper package into the backpack on the floor next to each chair . 33 . through the window , ignacio be take the car out to the street . a portable radio on the table play xeqk hasteas observatory hour -— haste hour chocolate turin ! rico de principio a fin ! maestro mecanico marcos carrasco garantiza vigoroso control de calidad en la rectificacién de motore ... ( turin chocolate ! delicious from beginning to end ! mechanic marcos carrasco guarantee quality control when rectifying motor ... ) paco come out of the kitchen with a gansito and put it in he backpack , except sofi see he - sofi I want a gansito too ! paco they be mine . senora teresa I buy they for everyone . paco but I put they in the freezer . senora teresa come on , give one to sofi and I ’11l buy you a big box just for you . paco weigh the offer and go back into the kitchen . sefiora Teresa have finish she pan dulce dunked in coffee with milk and get up . senora teresa ( cont 'd ) hurry up kid , it 's seven twenty already . paco 's voice pipe in from the kitchen - paco ( 0.c . ) it 's seven seventeen ! the haste hour recite - haste hour xeqk proporciona la hora del observatorio , misma de haste . haste , la hora de méxico . siete de la manana diecisiete minuto . siete diecisiete ... ( a beat ) ... biiip ( xeqk give you the time at the observatory , same as haste 's . haste , Mexico 's time . Seven in the morning and seventeen minute . Seven seventeen ... ) paco triumphantly exit the kitchen . sefiora Teresa pull she tongue at he and walk off to the door . paco throw she gansito . paco for you to get fatter ... tofio walk in . cleo you juice , tofio . tofo sit down - tono turn that thing off . paco no , why ? sefiora Teresa be already call they from the door - senora teresa let 's go ! 34 . out sofi sofi get up and walk towards sefiora Teresa who be head out towards the patio - senora teresa ( cont 'd ) cleo , hold the dog so I can open the door . cleo immediately get up and run out to the patio . tofio also get up and turn the radio volume all the way up before leave . paco turn it off with a slap - tono haha ! sissy ! 35 . continued : before reach the patio , paco cry out - paco shotgun ! tofio downs he juice and follow they . ext - house - tepeji 21 - day the valiant be park in front of the house , engine idling , haste hour on the radio . cleo wait on the sidewalk , hold borras from the collar , while sefiora Teresa and the kid scramble messily into the car . tono move it ! sofi I be move ! when sefiora Teresa have manage to get in the car , ignacio close the door behind she , wait for everyone else to close they door before get in . tono put La pantera on ! paco turn the dial and the radio station switch to La pantera right in the middle of a beetle versus . creedence vote - radio LA pantera .-- por quién votas campeén ? por los Beatles ... un voto mas para el cuarteto de Liverpool que van atras por 18 voto del cuarteto del bajou . por quién votas ? creedence ... ( who do you vote for , champ ? for the Beatles ... one more vote for the Liverpool quartet , trail 18 vote behind the bajou quartet . who do you vote for ? creedence ... ) ignacio step on the clutch let paco , who be sit next to he , put the hand gear next to the steering wheel in first . 36 . the valiant drive off and down the street . cleo see it turn the corner and she walk back into the house pull the dog inside . she close the door . int - downstair hall - tepeji 21 - day cleo come in , close the patio door . she cross the hall and walk up the stair . int - sofi and pepe 's room - tepeji 21 - day cleo hide she face in pepe 's belly . he laugh . pepe I be already up ! cleo oh goody ! so you be already dress ! pepe not yet . cleo c’mon ! get up , let 's get you dress ! pepe get up and cleo dress he while he talk - pepe you know what I remember in my dream ? cleo no , what do you remember ? pepe I remember when I be older . cleo when you be older ? pepe yes , you be also there , but you be different . do you remember ? cleo pull he short up . int - breakfast room - tepeji 21 - day a spoon delicately tap on the dome of a egg , crack it slowly . 37 . continued : cleo take off the shell and empty out the soft- boil egg onto a cup . she put in salt and little bit of bread . she give pepe the cup . he eat . cleo get up and take the dirty dish into the - int - kitchen - tepeji 21 - day cleo come in at the same time as adela , she hair wet , through the small patio door . cleo good night ! adela why do not you wake I ? cleo well , God forbid you get tired later . adela look at she with a crooked smile . cleo spread marmalade on a piece of bread and place it on another . they hear sefiora sofia walk into the Breakfast room - pepe ( 0.s. ) Mom ! senora sofia ( 0.s. ) how 's you egg , my love ? cleo put the sandwich in a wax paper baggie - cleo the Doctor be leave . tie borras up so he can go . cleo take the sandwich and a glass of orange juice and head to the breakfast room . adela go out to the patio . int - breakfast room - tepeji 21 - day sefiora sofia be sit next to pepe , cleo come in with the juice . cleo ( cont 'd ) you juice ... ( cont 'd ) 38 . ( cont 'd ) senora sofia pepe can wait to say goodbye to he dad . it do not matter if he 's late . cleo yes mar be . at the back of the hall , sefior Antonio have come down the stair , carry two bag . cleo rush to help he . cleo ( cont 'd ) leave they there , please , sir ...! sefior Antonio leave the bag on the floor . senor ANTONIO thanks , cleo . he walk to the Breakfast room - senor ANTONIO ( cont 'd ) good morning , pepén ! pepe daddy ! sefior Antonio gulp down the whole glass of orange juice . cleo head over to the luggage : she carry the bag and exit - ext - patio - tepeji 21 - day military drum and trumpet echo inside the patio . cleo carry the bag to the door where adela be hold borras by the collar . cleo pause only to open the door and walk out to - ext - house - tepeji 21 - day a Jr. High march band mark each step as they file down the street , sounding drum and trumpet . a 1966 cream color vw sedan wait in front of the house . cleo walk out with the bag and leave they next to the car . she open the door and put one bag in the rear seat then open the mechanism in the glove compartment . 39 . she get out of the car and carry the second bag to the front of the car , open the trunk and put it in the tiny space . she walk back into the house but see sefior Antonio already walk out through the patio . sefiora sofia follow he , carry pepe . sefior Antonio step on dog shit and stop , disgust - senor ANTONIO well I 'il be ... he rub the foot on the floor try to clean it off and keep walk . on the street , he scrape the sole of he shoe against the edge of the sidewalk . sefiora sofia put pepe down on the as they reach the street and walk over to sefior Antonio , hugging he from the back . cleo move back a few step , pepe walk over to she and hold she hand . sefiora sofia start cry . sefior Antonio turn around and hug she , uncomfortable . senora sofia we will be here ... senor ANTONIO it 's just for a few week ... he disentangle from sefiora sofia who head over to give he a snotty kiss which he accept before sit at the wheel and close the door . sefiora sofia put she hand on she husband 's shoulder while he turn on he four cylinder engine . senor ANTONIO ( cont 'd ) bye , pepe ... he shift into first gear and start off slowly , force sefiora sofia to lift she hand , then drive off to the end of the street . the vw idle at the corner where it wait for the back of the march band to leave the street take its martial air with it , then disappear to the right . sefiora sofia be freeze , she hand hold up in the air . cleo wait . 40 . continued : finally , sefiora sofia turn , she face upset - senora sofia goddamnit ! clean up that dog shit ! she walk up to pepe and take he hand - senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) I will take pepe . she walk with pepe to the end of the street , head in the opposite direction as sefior Antonio . cleo come into the house and close the door . ext - patio - tepeji 21 - day cleo push the shit onto a dustpan with a broom . she move on to the next one , while borras walk around the patio , oblivious . one by one , she pick they all up . ext - SMALL patio - tepeji 21 - day cleo open the trash and throw in the shit . she close it . ext - patio - tepeji 21 - day a smear stain on a red and white tile be all that remain of borras 's shit . pale dust fall on the stain until it 's entirely cover . cleo cross the patio , dusting soap on each one of the remain stain . she reach the street entrance , fill two pail of water , pour they on the floor and - one by one , she brushes every single dust stain in the patio . Sunday November 29 , 1970 int - metropolitan cinema - afternoon movie 41 . the theater be almost full , but emptier towards the back . in the last row , cleo and fermin sit next to each other , make out intensely , they hand rub each other 's genitals while they kiss . fermin suck it ... cleo move back briefly and try to tell he between sigh - cleo it 's just that ... I have not get my period this month ... but she succumb , try to repress a groan of pleasure . she kiss and caress fermin with great intensity as he explore she more deeply with he hand . movie finally , cleo manage to overcome she desire to tell he - cleo ( cont 'd ) I be tell you . I have not have my period all month . but fermin quiet she with a kiss on the mouth . when he go to she neck , cleo try to talk between convulsion of pleasure - cleo ( cont 'd ) I think I be with child . fermin pause briefly , then keep kissing she - fermin oooohhh , well that 's ok , right ? cleo that 's ok ? fermin yeah ... cleo smile and kiss he on the mouth . she lower she head and give he a blow job . fermin hold she head down push she to a rhythm . fermin ( cont 'd ) like that ... just. like . that ... movie 42 . continued : fermin reach he arm out to grab onto the back of the neighbor seat and start moan . fermin ( cont 'd ) yes , yeeeeee , yeeeeeeee , yeeeeeeceeceeces ! he open he mouth and muffle a cry by bite down on he hand and when the explosion be over , cleo come up , hand on she mouth , face splash with semen . she open she purse and pull out a couple of kleenex . she wipe she mouth and face , then she hand , and cuddle on fermin who be still breathe heavily . the two watch the movie . cleo be in love . movie fermin move softly to get up - fermin ( cont 'd ) I have to go to the restroom .. cleo shhhh ... it 's almost over . fermin I gotta go now . gimme a sec , I will be right back ... he get up , walk through the empty seat to the aisle and then to the exit . cleo wait till he 's leave to look for some gum in she purse . she put it in she mouth . pull out another kleenex , wet it with she tongue and wipe she face . the movie reach the end and the credit roll . cleo look to the exit . people start to leave . the light come on in the theater , section by section , slowly ... cleo get up and look to the exit , lean onto the seat in front of she . credit keep roll with the name of the stage Crew . the theater be now empty except for cleo and the screen show the sound credit . 43 . continued : the velvet curtain close , interrupt the unfinish credit . cleo finally head to the exit . int - lobby metrpolitan cinema - afternoon New spectator enter the theater , some head directly to the candy store , where the line be still short . cleo wander through the lobby look for fermin but there 's no sign of he . she walk towards the entrance , head the opposite direction as the newcomer . ext - entrance - metropolitan cinema - afternoon cleo exit and walk to the middle of the entrance where she stop , engross between the STREET vendor hawk they ware , recite they different mantras . her leg seem to fall out from under she and she lean on the marquee advertising the upcoming release . slowly , she sit on the ground between -— a old lady sell she sweet sweet vendor ... cigarrette - chew gum - chocolate - mazipan-muéganos - peanut - — gum drop -... and a man peddle he magic trick : a small plastic skeleton that dance on the ground - skeleton vendor no trick , no ruse , it dance on its own ! no string , no cheating , Don carlangas dance ... cleo stay still in the midst of a sea of voice - vendor ... dapaneeeeeeeeese peanut ! ... herbie sticker for sale !... merengue - merengue - get you delicious mereeeeengue !... mint flavor , spearmint , cinnamon , tuttifrutti flavor Adams chiclet !... 44 , continued : next to cleo , the small skeleton jump , shimmy and suddenly stop - skeleton vendor what happen , Don carlangas ? you tired ? and what be we gonna do about that ? the skeleton sit on the floor - skeleton vendor ( cont ’d ) aha ! mister carlangas be rest ! Tuesday , December 8th , 1970 . ext - STREET - day and old purépecha indigenous man , hunch and with a straw hat carry a enormous and bulky cloth sack , which almost cover he frail figure from the back . he walk down the street at a steady step , stop only to rearrange the heavy sack on he back . he walk past a convenience store , a pharmacy , a bakery , a dime store , a stationary store and turn onto - ext - tepeji STREET - house - tepeji 21 - day without lose he rhythm , the old man walk in front of the old house build in the 1930s , hunch over , the enormous bulk rest almost vertically on he back . some house have renovate , some be in desperate need of a new coat of paint . he arrive to tepeji 21 and stop in front of the door . slowly he take the giant load off he back and put it on the ground . he ring the bell . Inside , we hear borras run to the door , bark furiously . the old man wait . borras do not let up , he bark grow ever louder . cleo approach -— cleo ( 0.s. ) who be it ? 45 . old man with orange orange ! borras answer , furious . cleo ( 0.s. ) come ...! borras , shut up ! the old man pick up the sack while the door open just enough for cleo to peek out while grab the dog 's collar . the old man finish put he sack back up on he back - old man with orange you get the dog ? cleo yes . old man with orange you sure ? cleo I get he . come on in . the door open and borras immediately lunge for the old man , but cleo hold tug at collar with all she strength . the dog bark , aggressive , stand on its hind leg . the old man come into - ext - patio - tepeji 21 - day cleo hold borras and step to the side while the old man come in . the dog 's mouth spray slob with each bark . old man with orange hold he tight . cleo wrestle with the dog - cleo come in , come in ... the old man walk cautiously next to cleo , who be still hold borras . she close the door and follow in after he , keep she distance . at the far end of the patio , the old man go into the - ext - SMALL patio - tepeji 21 - day the old man stop in front the kitchen and slowly deposit the heavy sack on the floor . adela come out of the kitchen carry a wooden crate , which she place on the floor - 46 . continued : adela good morning , sir ... old man with orange Morning ... how many will it be ? adela thirty . the old man take he hat off to cool he straight white hair damp with sweat . his indigenous face be furrow by deep wrinkle . he bend over , put he hand in the sack and pull out - old man with orange 1...2...3... 4...5...6... cleo hold borras who will not stop bark . ext - patio - tepeji 21 - afternoon pebbles of ice bounce off the ground after fall from the sky . hail cover the patio . int - kitchen - tepeji 21 - afternoon drown out by cloud , the afternoon light fight to pierce through the window . behind the window : hail over the small patio . adela pour coffee in a pot and put it on a tray that already have a sugar bowl , a little milk pitcher , a spoon and a napkin . next to she , cleo wait nervously . adela C ’mon manita , you take it . cleo take the platter and walk towards the live room . adela walk with she but stop at the door . int - live room - tepeji 21 - afternoon cleo exit the kitchen . adela wait next to the door and watch she cross the hall carry the coffee tray . behind the window , hail pour down . the afternoon light barely mottle the live room curtain and already some lamp be on . in a corner , a Christmas Tree show off its many color light over a handcraft nativity scene with moss , hay and cardboard landscape . 47 . continued : in the modern live room , the child sit at the sofa around sefiora sofia . cleo place the platter on the coffee table next to some sheet of paper and envelope and pour the coffee . she be about to add some cream , when - senora sofia that 'il be fine , cleo ... cleo place the cup in front of sefiora sofia . she take the cream and pour it while cleo start to leave . she stop - cleo pardon I , sefiora sofi ? sefiora sofia add two sugar to she coffee . senora sofia yes ? cleo it 's just that ... when you have a minute , would you mind if we talk for a little bit ? senora sofia yes , just wait a sec . I need to say something to the child . cleo nod and step back a few step , ready to wait . senora sofia ( cont 'd ) feel free to sit down and wait over here . cleo timidly sit on the sofa . sefiora sofia taste she coffee , the child grow restless . paco what ? tono I gotta go buy balsa wood to build a model . sefiora sofia sip she coffee and good- humoredly say - senora sofia you will go later . there 's something I want to tell you ... 48 . continued : paco be we go to disneyland ? senora sofia no , we be spend Christmas at my brother Pablo 's . paco it 's so boring there ! sofi not true ! my cousin be there ! senora sofia and for New Year 's we will go to the Zavaleta 's hacienda . paco will the Richards be there ? senora sofia yes and the mato and the larson . tono when 's dad come ? senora sofia that 's the other thing I want to talk to you about . his research be delay and he 'il have to stay in Quebec a little longer . tono will he be back by January ? sefiora sofia pause for the briefest instant and when she take up the conversation again she tone seem to have change . senora sofia he do not know . but that 's why I bring you the paper . so you can each write he a letter . she hand out the paper and envelope to the child - senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) tell he how much you miss he , to come back soon please ... her good humor mask she nervousness . 49 , continued : senora sofia ( cont 'd ) pepe , you draw he somthing ... pepe I know how to write too . paco sure ... toho get up - tono well , first I be go to go get my balsa wood . sefior sofia yell at he - senora sofia you be not go anywhere until you have finish write you letter ! tofio grab he papers and rush off angrily towards the stair . senora sof{a ( cont ’d ) where be you go ? tono to my room . what ? can not I write the letter in my room either ? senora sofia sure , that 's fine . paco grab he paper and follow tofio - paco I be go up too . sefiora sofia give the rest of the paper to sofi. senora sofia sofi , take this to the dining room and help pepe with he letter . let I just talk to cleo for a minute and I 'il come join you . sofi take the papers - sofi c'mon pepe. 50 . continued : senora sofia make lot of pretty drawing , pepe . sofi , help he write '' I miss you a lot , daddy . '' sofi sure . let 's go pepe . sofi and pepe go off with they papers to the dining room table . pepe but I 'il write it , ok ? sefiora sofia watch the kid trail off into the dining room . she turn to cleo . senora sofia ok , cleo . what do you need ? cleo look at she like a deer in the headlight . she can not speak . senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) do not you want to tell I something ? cleo no , well , yes . it 's just that ... but she word fail she . in the back , next to the kitchen door , adela pretend to clean while she try to listen - senora sofia yes ? cleo 's eye fill with tear . sefiora sofia worry - senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong , cleo ? cleo just sob . senora sof{a ( cont ’d ) be you mother all right ? cleo nod - cleo it 's just that ... sefiora sofi ... 51 . senora sofia yes ? cleo it 's just that ... I think I be expect . sefiora sofia be not expect this at all - senora sofia what do you mean , you think ? cleo it 's just that I have not get my period . senora sofia since when ? cleo I do not know ... she start sobbing . sefiora sofia sit next to she and hug she . senora sofia oh you silly , silly girl . and who be the dad ? cleo fermin . adela 's boyfriend 's cousin . senora sofia do he know ? cleo shake she head - cleo he 's disappear . senora sofia silly , silly , silly ...! cleo you be go to fire I , be not you ? senora sofia what do you mean fire you ? we have to take you to the doctor to get check . pepe come in with he letter - 52 . continued : pepe look , mar . I draw a plane . senora sofia very good . now put some heart on it ... ( Calling out to sofi ) sofi ! I tell you to help you brother write '' I miss you . '' sofi answer from the dining room - sofi he will not let I help he ! pepe why be cleo cry ? senora sofia for no reason . she 's get a stomachache . let 's see , come over here . let 's write you letter . sefiora sofia walk over to the dining room but pepe walk up to cleo and hug she . he rub she belly - pepe sana , sana colita de rana . Si no sanas hoy , sanard manana ... ( nursery rhyme to heal boo-boos ) cleo laugh and hug pepe , hide she tear . Thursday , December 10 , 1970 . int / ext - galaxie 500 - baja california ave - day sefiora sofia drive silently , hand on the stir wheel , but she index finger move as if acquiescing at the intense argument go on in she head . cleo ride next to she . Hair freshly do . she 's change she dress . she be nervous . they come to a cross-street where car wait for the green light . sefiora sofia try to squeeze into the space between a move truck and a old jalopy . 53 . continued : senora sofia pio , pio , pio , pio ... impossible . the inevitable happen . the galaxie 500 scrape on both side , but this do not seem to bother sefiora sofia who keep inching up slowly , despite the crush of twist metal - senora sof{a ( cont ’d ) pio , pio , pio , pio ... ext - baja california ave - day the galaxie 500 move forward between the truck and the jalopy , scraping its molding , twist they , and rip off the side mirror to boot . the galaxie lurch on amidst the crush of metal sheet until the space be too tight to keep go . the light change to green and they drive on , except for the truck and the jalopy whose irritate driver exit they vehicle to assess the damage . ext . — medical CENTER - cuauhtemoc ave - day the modern building site glow proudly with its promise of progress . the galaxie 500 , with its dent side and drag a molding enter a parking lot reserve for the doctor . ext . - ob / gyn - medical CENTER - day sefiora sofia and cleo walk in front of a building display beautiful mural with prehispanic motif and cross the entrance indicate obstestrics and gynecology . int - lobby - ob / gyn - day sefiora sofia and cleo cross the enormous marble lobby until they reach the elevator rest under a mural of patriotic heroes . int - 8th floor lobby - ob / gyn - day 54 . sefiora sofia and cleo walk out of the elevator to a nurse station at the center of the lobby . sefiora sofia approach the head nurse - senora sofia good day , I have a appointment with Doctor vélez . nurse under what name ? senora sofia it 's Doctor roldan 's wife . the nurse pick up a phone . int . - hallway - ob / gyn - day Wall to wall picture window run all along the hallway and the exam room . sefiora sofia wait with cleo , who look out the window onto the city stretch out to the west . doctor velez walk in with all the conviction that come with experience . she be 40 year old and wear glass . senora sofia hello , margarita . thank you for see we . doctora velez of course , sofia . with pleasure . they kiss hello . senora sofia remember cleo ? Doctor vélez turn to cleo - doctora velez of course ! hi cleo , how be you ? cleo suffer from a mix of shyness and fear . cleo Fine , thank you , doctor . doctora velez so , let 's see how you be do , cleo . ( more ) she she one int hold walk 55 . doctora vé6lez ( cont 'd ) come with I and tell I all about it ... sofia , you want to come as well ? senora sofia thank you , margarita . i’1l just go over to say hi to Doctor Zavala . doctora velez well , cleo and I be go to have a chat . why do not we meet in the lobby in forty minute or so ? senora sofia sure . I will be back then . cleo 's hand - senora sof{a ( cont ’d ) go on cleo , go with the doctor . back to the lobby . cleo and Doctor vélez head to of the exam room . — exam room - ob / gyn - day cleo be sit in a gynecological chair . she look at the instrument on a tray off to the side . they look like medieval torture instrument . the door open and Doctor vélez come in . she sit on a chair between cleo 's leg and start to put on latex glove - doctora velez all right then . cleo , tell I . cleo hesitates - cleo it 's just that .... that ... doctora velez it 's ok cleo , you can talk to I ... cleo it 's that I have not get my period . doctora velez since when ? cleo about two month maybe ? 56 . doctora velez ok . and you have be sexually active for how long ? cleo blushes and cannot bring herself to answer . doctora velez ( cont 'd ) have you have many partner ? cleo oh no ! never ! doctora velez do you use protection ? cleo apparently do not understand the question . doctora velez ( cont 'd ) do you use condom ? cleo 's tear be the only answer . Doctor take the speculum and smear vaseline on it . doctora velez ( cont 'd ) when be the last time you get check ? cleo probably three or four year ago when I come to see you . doctora velez that 's not good , cleo . you have to get check twice a year . cleo yes , doctor . doctora velez well , let 's see how you be do . this be go to feel a little cold ... Doctor vélez slide the speculum in between cleo 's leg . cleo 's face confirm it 's not only cold , it 's also painful . int . - 8 th floor hallway - ob / gyn - day cleo walk down the hallway with Doctor vélez . at the far end of the lobby , they can see sefiora sofia talk with Doctor Zavala , 45 year old . 57 . continued : when she see cleo , sefiora sofia interrupt she chat with Doctor Zavala . cleo be cry and be still disturb . Doctor vélez and Doctor Zavala kiss hello - doctora velez hi , mario ... doctor zavala doctoress ... senora sofia how 's cleo do ? doctora velez cleo be ten week pregnant . she 's very healthy and very strong and so be she baby . one thing : she have to get a iron shot every two week . I have give she a prescription . senora sofia when 's she due ? doctora velez sometime around the end of June . senora sofia oh margarita , thank you so much for see she . doctora velez it 's nothing ! I miss she , right cleo ? ok , I be off ... she kiss sefiora sofia goodbye - doctora velez ( cont 'd ) bye , cleo . see you next month for you check up . cleo yes , doctor . thank you . doctora vélez walk off down the hallway . sefiora sofia turn to see cleo - senora sofia cleo , why do not you go down to the third floor to see the new - bear baby while I finish up here with Doctor Zavala ? 58 . int . - maternity ward - ob / gyn - day dozen of crib in a row , each one with its own new - bear baby roll up in a blanket . cleo watch they through the window . some sleep and other cry anxiously . four crib project strong light on baby with mask , and to one side - in a incubator - a premature baby , tiny and fragile be plugge into tube that barely bind he to life . cleo watch , fascinate . suddenly - a great block of plaster fall off the ceiling and land on the incubator , cover it completely . Thursday , December 31st , 1970 . int / ext - ' 64 valiant - puebla freeway exit - cerro LA caldera -— day sefiora sofia drive , she index finger in its eternal argument . cleo ride next to she , and between they , pepe . tofio , paco and sofi be in the back seat . the radio play Radio exitos . pepe look through the rearview mirror off into the distance -— pepe why do the mountain spell lea ? ( read ) senora sofia so that you kid read . see ? even the mountain be ask . tono it 's the initial for Luis echeverria alvarez , dummy . senora sofia do not call he that . he 's 5 . he do not have to know who echeverria be . explain it to he . continued : 59 . tono he 's the president ! sofi be not it Gustavo diaz ordaz ? senora sofia not anymore , sofi . it 's now Luis echeverria , since December 1st . sofi oooooh ... paco cleo really like echeverria . yuck ! cleo well , yeah . his wife dofia ester be always dress in huipile and oaxacan clothing . he like we Indians . tono but my uncle alberto say he 's the one who order the student kill two year ago . cleo noooooo ! tono he be the Minister of the Interior . sofi why do he kill the student ? tono ' Cause they do not do they homework . senora sofia enough , tofio . no , sofi , tofio be just mess with you . pepe well I do not like he . why do he write on the mountain ? it 's not he ! 60 . ext . —- puebla freeway - cerro LA caldera - day the valiant plow on eastward . in the background the cerro La caldera , long to be a mountain , delineate the boundary of the city as it melt into the slum . the west slope of the hill have be desecrate by three immense white letter extend almost all along and across its dry surface - lea . like a curse . ext . - zavaleta hacienda —- day a great adobe wall surround a immense property in the middle of field . the valiant cross a enormous gate into - ext . —- entrance - zavaleta hacienda - day a road cross the enormous wall esplanade . in the background , the beautiful wall of the hacienda , a monument to profirian estate . the valiant reach the Big House . a dozen car be park in a row to one side of the road . all large luxury car of the year : ltd , impalas and country squire . the ' 64 valiant park between a lot and a country squire , make its mileage and its peel paint very obvious . they get out of the car . sefiora sofia open the trunk and cleo start to pull out the luggage , she belly barely noticeable . a group of people come out of the Big House to greet they : three adult , some kid and several servant . claudia do LA barcena , 38 , samantha larsson , also 38 , a high -class mexican with die blond hair and molly edward , a affable blond welsh woman , 37 , all throw they arm up in the air - molly comadre ! ext / int - corridor - hacienda - day benita , 55 year old , the Hacienda housekeeper , guide cleo down a long corridor . both carry several bag some in they hand other hang from they shoulder . benita you sure you can carry that ? 61 . continued : cleo yes , I be with child , not sick . what ? you tired already ? cleo hurry forward . benita do the same , follow she . benita as if ! cleo I have not see you for six month and you get old on I . the two woman race hurriedly , bury under bag like ant carry several time they own weight . benita catch up with cleo , who hurry on and overtake she . but benita stop - benita where you go ? cleo stop . benita be stand next to a door - benita ( cont 'd ) you have go too far . what ? since you be pregnant you forget everything ? cleo smile and walk back . int . - child 's room - hacienda - day a hall full of bunk bed , rudimentary but functional . there be several bag next to the bed and there be toy on top of some already . line up along all the wall there be stuff dog head . cleo leave the luggage next to a bunk bed and look at the head . benita sefior josé have the room redecorate . they be the Hacienda dog . look ... they be all in storage . they look at a german shepherd 's head with glass eye . 62 . continued : benita ( cont 'd ) look , that there be pirata . he live here in 1911 . a small plaque confirm this . it also indicate he name - pirata . cleo look on , impressed . cleo pirata ... benita and do you remember canela ? cleo yeah , where 's she at ? benita look at she . cleo look at a irish setter 's head . cleo yikes ! benita she die during the summer . cleo look at canela , horrify . cleo they say she must have eat a poison rat . but I think it be the villager who be bother Don josé again about the land ... canela look at they with she glass eye . ext —- SMALL clearing in the wood - hacienda - day the winter light filter through the tree and reflect on the great puddle stretch between the clear and the wood . Children run between the tree throw firecracker , two dog follow they , jump in the puddle . adult be practice shoot bottle line up on tree stump with .22 caliber pistol at the other end of the clear . 63 . with the exception of nanny and servant look after the young child , everyone be white and , except for sefiora sofia and she child , they be dress in import clothing . the sound of shot fuse with the firecracker . tofio play '' tochito '' flag- football with pepe do LA barcena , 13 , eduardo larsson , a 12 year - old redhead , and ricky edward , 11 . cleo look after pepe and keep lupe , 30 , company as well as yola , 22 , who look after jorge do LA barcena , 7 , who suffer from intellectual disability , and partial paralysis in a leg and arm , and he brother memo , 5 , who have autism spectre disorder . they be sit on a tablecloth , play with matchbox car . a little further back , gloria , 34 , who work as a nanny with the Edwards 's , sit on another tablecloth with a toy china set , probably more expensive than a real one , and look after sofi who be play with JULY edward , 7 , vero mato , 8 , and andrea , a girl whose blond hair be almost white , also 8 . gerardo larsson , 10 , a flamboyant chubby redhead play with they too . paco , along with rodri do LA barcena , 10 , alex mato , 10 and andy edward , 8 , appear from behind the tree and throw firecracker at the girl . they scream . some even cry . cleo ( cont 'd ) I see you , paco ! get out of here ! the boy run off , laugh and splash across the puddle . lupe rodri ! do not run in the water ! you be soaking wet ! Dr. alejandro mato , 40 , with a goatee , shoot while smoking he pipe . next to he , ricardo edward , friendly , 39 , ove larsson , a tower redhead shy norwegian , 41 , and leslie mato , a blond american , 38 also shoot while dr . jose do LA barcena , 41 , wait he turn and celso , the hacienda foreman , 35 , reload the gun . dr . jose do LA barcena celso , do you still have bullet or should I send lupe to get the one in the chest ? celso 64 . continued : a few yard away , sofia , Claudia , Molly and samantha sit in fold chair , chat . sefiora sofia see the boy run through the tree . she get up and yell - senora sofia do not run over there , you could get shot ! Molly second she , with she thick accent - molly boy ! vayase ! Andy , get back ! flor , 17 , a servant from the Hacienda , stand at a table with a cooler , pour the adult drink , lola , 12 go on 19 , make up , dress in a tiny mini-skirt and platform shoe , take advantage of the adult 's distraction to pour whisky into she coca-cola . next to she , clau do LA barcena , 11 , seem amused , but she curiosity do not yet supersede she obedience . on the children' tablecloth -— the interaction with jorge and memo be difficult so pepe be bored and watch the shoot party . he get up and walk over there . cleo wait , pepe . where be you go ? pepe just point and keep walk . cleo follow he and they reach the - shoot party -— where Dr. alejandro mato have fire he eight round and go to celso to recharge he gun . he call to the woman on the fold chair - dr . alejandro mato what ? do not lady shoot ? the woman decline with they hand - molly Leslie be we representative ! 65 . dr . alejandro mato Leslie do not count , she 's a gringa . the woman laugh . Claudia get up - claudia come ! samantha ( in English ) yes , Claudia . you show they , girl ! celso give alejandro the reload gun while Leslie arrive with hers . celso take it and quickly reload it . pepe pick up the empty cartridge off the ground . cleo help he . celso give alejandro a load gun , who give it to Claudia - dr . alejandro mato ( in English ) Leslie , could you help Claudia ? leslie come . Point the gun to the floor when you be not use it . coke in hand , clau and lola mingle with the adult . they come upon Leslie - leslie ( cont 'd ) ( in English ) C ’mon , lola . you really have to wear a miniskirt and platform shoe ? we be in the wood . lola keep walk and pay no attention to she mother . claudia forget she . you look great , lola . lola and clau reach the shoot party and its male acceptance . dr . jose do LA barcena let 's see lola , you want to shoot ? lola sure . lola walk up to josé who give she the gun while he hug she from the back , to '' help '' she shoot . 66 . continued : dr . jose do LA barcena do not close you eye when you shoot ... cleo look at alejandro walk over to the drink table tend by flor . dr . alejandro mato can you pour I a whisky with two ice cube ? flor fix he drink . at the shoot party - everyone celebrate Claudia 's nail two bottle . she shoot four more shot in a row and pop off four more bottle . everyone celebrate -— ricardo edward be careful pepe , you wife be like a guerrilla fighter ! everyone laugh . flor hand alejandro he whisky and , take advantage of the confusion , he spanks she . flor run away , terrify . more bottle explode . int - parlour - hacienda - night dozen of floor lamp and table lamp light a immense nave with a enormous chimney guzzle up thick log face a broad live room with huge leather sofa decorate with fur . adult converse , some sit on the couch , other stand , all be drink and some be smoking . pepe be on sofi 's lap , and gerardo be next to he mother . yvonne elliman 's voice ring through the air , sing '' I do not know how to Love you . '' the girl play card in a long table in front of the french window that open to a terrace . outside , the boy throw firecracker and rocket . other boy play '' tromino '' on the floor and in a smaller live room , lola , drink in hand , gossip with clau . cleo be with yola , who look after memo , who be obsessively turn a plate on the floor , and after jorge , who play with a little car . 67 . continued : pepe , July Edwards and Andrew larsson come in from the terrace howling and laugh , chase after by a strange monster . it 's a scarecrow with a straw body and long fur , a wooden mask cover its face . something like a pagan spirit , rum and coke in hand , now chase after the young child , who flee happily . cleo see flor walk in with a tray carry too many milk and milkshake . she hurry to help she - the milk glass dance perilously on the platter while flor lose she balance , but cleo rush just in the nick of time . together they walk over to the table and serve beverage to the girl . the scratch of a needle on a record as the metal of a orchestra blast a mambo rhythm : the tune change to Perez prado 's '' coraz6n de melén . '' samantha jump up with a cry and start to dance - samantha come on , comadre ! sofia and Molly get up and dance with she . ricardo Edwards in he ricky ricardo impersonation , walk by yell - ricardo edward co-ra - z6 n de melén , de meldén meldn ! corazon ! he join in the dance . alejandro follow and dance with sofia . lola and clau also join , gerardo dance with he mother . ove with July . benita come into the live room and look around . Molly be try to get vero and andrea to go to bed , but they do not want to . cleo and flor look on , amused , suck in by the mambo . cleo see - pepe , join the dance and go up to he mother , who pay no attention since she 's too busy dance with alejandro . benita walk up to cleo . benita come she for a sec . 68 . continued : cleo look at she , confuse - benita ( cont 'd ) just come over for a sec . cleo look around - cleo but ... what if ? benita what ? be a kid go to cry because he lose at marble or he brother step on he ? cleo look at she , amused , and follow she . they cross the room to the entrance . ricardo edward co-ra - z6 n de I -lén , de I -lén , I - 16n , co-ra- zén ! ext . - corridor - hacienda - night benita guide cleo , who follow amused and curious down the corridor light with candle . the leave the mambo behind and go down - int . - stair - hacienda - night the stone staircase lead down to a internal patio that double as storage . a couple of man chat , light by the light from a kitchen window . Inside there 's a racket around a accordion exhaling a ranchera- style polka . Three dog meander about the patio , wait for a New Year 's gift . benita and cleo walk into - int . - kitchen - hacienda - night a hall with a vault ceiling light by bare light bulb host a enormous ancient kitchen with wood burn stove , a giant table , a mabe stove and two 1961 refrigerator . 69 . continued : the Hacienda worker celebrate New Year 's . benita guide cleo to the table . woman be serve plate of food from large clay pot . a 65 year - old man play the accordion and some spontaneous guy improvise a quebradita dance with gloria , who be clearly drunk . she see cleo - gloria what ? they finally let you out ? cleo laugh . at the table , everyone drink , some eat , some be dress for the occasion , many be not . a 1959 television set transmit Channel 2 's New Year 's special . benita what 'il you have ? cleo nothing , thank you . benita what ? you be not go to toast the New Year with we ? what , you only speak English now ? cleo it 's just that ... the baby ... benita a drink on New Year 's will do it good . celebrate while you can . see that guy with the hat ? cleo see a man with a hat talk somberly with two other man - benita ( cont 'd ) they kill he son in August . the villager do . because of a land dispute . cleo look at he , move . benita ( cont 'd ) you get life ? cleo sure ... benita I mean liquor . 70 . continued : benita pour she a shot of moonshine . cleo I would rather just have a little pulque . benita that 's the spirit ! she pour pulque into a jar and hand it to cleo . the two toast . benita ( cont 'd ) here 's to a beautiful 1971 and to you baby 's health ! cleo and benita cheer ! benita take the jar to she lip and cleo draw she pulque close to hers when gloria trip dance she quebradita and bump into cleo . before even touch she lip , the pulque jar fall to the ground and shatter into a million piece . gloria sorry , manita ! benita no sweat . you dance , we get plenty more where that come from ! she pour pulque into a new jar . gloria keep dance . cleo hold the other pulque but look worriedly down at the shattered jar on the floor . int . —- internal patio - stair - hacienda - night cleo exit the kitchen . she 's a little tipsy . the patio be empty except for the dog who follow she until she reach the stair that lead up to - ext . — corridor - hacienda - night cleo walk down the candle - light corridor and back into the live room where '' mummy blue '' be play on the stereo . she see a silhouette rest on the balustrade : it 's sefiora sofia . 71 . continued : alejandro mato come out of the parlour and come close to sofia , hugging she from behind . sofia react , turn around in surprise . senora sofia what be you do ? alejandro try to kiss she , but she reject he . dr . alejandro mato come , now ... you know you want to ... sofia struggle to free herself . senora sofia no , Alex ! leave I alone ! you be drunk ! she push he . alejandro hold he hand up , resentful and resign - dr . alejandro mato Fine . Fine ! I just want to comfort you , but ... he begin to walk back into the parlour . dr . alejandro mato ( cont ’d ) it 's not even like you be that hot , comadre ... sefiora sofia lean into the balustrade , confuse and agitate . she look in cleo 's direction , but cleo hide behind a column . sefiora sofia walk back into the parlour , cleo wait for she to leave before come out of she hide spot . she lean on the balustrade and look out at the night . when she eye get use to the darkness , she can see the darker silhouettes of the tree in front of a sky that seem to be light from within . the cricket song melt into '' mummy blue '' , end on a scratch , and the accordion which seem to be play a mazurca . the wind blow softly . through the darkness in the wood , a pale light appear , almost blend into the night . cleo watch in fascination . 72 . continued : the shock Blue 's '' venus '' start to play . the dog start bark . the shine start to spread out in a warm , attractive pulsing , like a will o’ the wisp or a apparition . cleo watch , hypnotize . but what start off as a soft glow begin to rip through the night in a intense gleam that dance in the tree . the bark become more insistent . someone scream - scream Fire ! Fire ! in the wood ! a racket . more scream . more bark . in the garden , celso run , carry a bucket . other worker follow after he , carry bucket and pot overflow with water . they run towards the wood in flame . ext -— SMALL clearing in the wood - hacienda - night the giant puddle reflect the flame dance over the rock on the ground . the fire lick the tree and spread into the branch . the flame push forward , devour the clear grass , that very same place where just this afternoon they be all shoot . celso run to the fire and empty out he bucket . the worker do the same . they come back for more water and cross path with yet other worker carry various container . Dr. josé arrive carry two bucket , follow by ricardo Edwards , with one . further behind , Dr. alejandro mato and Leslie carry a heavy washbasin . gloria , flor , yola and cleo all bring they container . even the kid . everyone run , come , go ... the dog keep they distance . a human chain start to form : bucket pass from hand to hand , everyone try to put out the fire . the pagan monster with he drink in hand arrive . he look at he watch - 73 . continued : ove ( in English ) 23...22...21... 20... 19 ...18... 17 ... the monster take off he mask , revealing a sweaty and drunk ove - ove ( cont 'd ) 16...15 ...14...13... 12...11 ... 10 ... the human chain begin to work efficiently . pepe even put out a few blade of glass with he little cup . ove ( cont 'd ) et gee see dbe ee sec e2ecelece happy new year ! but no one pay attention . everyone be work , try to control the fire . ove ( cont 'd ) happy New year ! ove start sing in norwegian . it 's a emotional nyttarbukk song . ove ( cont 'd ) pkfmsll apdkfn alosnnm ... the child go to the puddle and fill up they little container . the dog follow they , splash . the reflection be disarticulated in wave that bump into each other . ove ( cont 'd ) pkfmsll apdkfn alosnnm ... ove sing with conviction . his eye fill with tear . Friday , January lst , 1971 . ext . - SMALL clearing in the wood - dawn Dew make the wood shine , though they be still dark and smoking . the first ray of the new year sun filter through the tree . four fold chair rest the middle of the clear , char . 74 . ext . - field - hacienda - afternoon the iztaccihuatl sleep , immense , behind the hill and dusty crop . the afternoon light filter through rain-leaden cloud . a group of child run and explore . tofio , pepe de la barcena , ricky , paco , rodri , Alex and eduardo lead the front throw each other football pass . paco , rodri , and Alex chase after chameleon in the furrow . lola and clau walk next to they . vero , sofi , gerardo , andrea and July be further back . pepe and Andy walk with yola . cleo walk with benita . the dog run everywhere . Alex chase after a chameleon , rodri and paco follow . benita do not run too far . we will just reach to the outskirt and come back ! paco stop - — paco what skirt ? benita the hillside . paco laugh . paco you mean the hill have skirt ? benita the outskirt ... well , the slope then ! paco Alex , the hill have a skirt ! Alex stop . paco ( cont 'd ) if we lean over we will be able to see its panty . paco pretend to lean and Alex do the same . lola and clau catch up to they - claudia what be you guy do ? 75 . continued : paco look up the hill 's skirt to see its panty . lola Hills do not have underwear . paco lean under she and lift up she miniskirt . paco and neither do you ! lola scream and pat down she skirt -— lola asshole ! paco ooooooh ! Alex lift up clau 's dress . she scream . gloria Alex ! paco ! leave the girl alone ! the boy run , amused . cleo and benita stop . a gust of wind conjure dust devil . a low thunder rumble and rain fall in the distance . cleo look at the landscape dreamily . her hand rest on she belly . cleo it 's like my village . without the mountain , of course , but it look just like this ... she enjoy the moment while she rub she belly . she close she eye - cleo ( cont 'd ) this be how it sound ... the church bell ringing and the bleat of goat get lose in the distance . cleo ( cont 'd ) just like this ... she breathes . breathes deep . she smile - 76 . continued : cleo ( cont 'd ) this be how it smell ... cleo be somewhere else . Friday , January 29 , 1971 . ext - tepeji 21 - day ( rain ) the valiant be park in front of the house , next to the galaxie 500 . the valiant overflow with the child . one more come out : tofio 's friend , beto pardo , 12 , with glass and good - boy look . he 's come for lunch . paco show off the black galaxie , its scrape and bent molding recently repair -— paco look , they fix it all up . just like new , right ? Beto barely look at it . he keep go and go into the house after tofo . int - breakfast room - tepeji 21 - day cleo 's belly be start to show . she cut pepe 's meat . sefiora Teresa eat in silence . the child talk while they eat - tono the Cowboys win only because Baltimore be overconfident . beto what be you talk about ? we score three touchdown in the second half . one after the other ! sefiora sofia come down the stair and into the breakfast room . 77 . continued : tono I be tell you . Baltimore be overconfident . how can you root for the Cowboys ? sofi I like the cowboy 's cheerleader . in my school ... paco who care about cheerleader ? sefiora sofia come into the breakfast room . her face be draw . sefiora Teresa look at she , worried . tono ma? can Beto and I go to the movie ? sefiora sofia be absent - senora sofia what be you go to see ? tono the Red tent , at the Americas theater . paco I want to go too ! tono no , just Beto and I . paco how come ? tono get yourself you own friend ! sofi I want to go to the movie too ! tono I say no ! it 's just I and Beto . sefiora sofia explode - senora sofia either everyone go or no one go ! 78 . continued : tono they can go to a different movie ! paco I want to go to Las Americas ! tono you do not even know what the Red tent be ! senora sofia I say , either everyone go or no one go ! the telephone ring , sefiora sofia get up and walk to the hall to answer - tono it 's not fair ! sefiora sofia come back - senora sofia if you do not like it you can go live somewhere else ! she walk over to pick up the phone , leave tofio furious . paco smile impertinently . pepe be it a cartoon ? sefiora sofia answer - senora sofia hello ? oh , yes , hold on a minute ... she call to the breakfast room - senora sof{a ( cont ’d ) cleo ! I be go to get this upstairs , would you mind hang up here ! she go upstairs . cleo walk to the phone and she hear sefiora sofia call - 79 . continued : senora sofia ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) there ...! cleo be about to hang up the phone when she overhear ... molly ( v.o. ) how be you feel , comadre ? cleo hang up . int . - downstair hall - tepeji 21 - afternoon everyone 's ready to go to the movie . sefiora Teresa be go too , because she worry and because she love go to the movie . she call up to the child - senora teresa we be late ! you come down or what ? paco and sofi be already by she side . paco let they stay . let 's go ... senora teresa we be leave ! sefiora Teresa go out to the Patio with cleo , paco , sofi and pepe . ext . - patio - tepeji 21 - afternoon the group reach the street entrance and sefiora Teresa open the door . borras take advantage of the situation to run out despite cleo and paco 's attempt to stop he . paco run out . ext . - tepeji 21 - afternoon he chase the dog down and drag he back into the house where the group be wait outside the door . paco leave the dog inside and be about to close the door when toho and Beto come out . tono what be you wait for ? 80 . continued : the two hurry up to the corner head towards insurgentes . everyone follow they . ext . - tepic STREET - afternoon tofo and Beto be at the front . cleo and sefiora Teresa look after sofi and pepe who be talk to paco about plane . paco ..- braniff plane may be different color but they be all 727 ... they're on tepic street , near insurgentes when tofio and Beto , take off in a well plan strategy . tono see you at the movie ! the pair run off . senora teresa tofno ! seflora Teresa ask cleo to follow they . cleo embark on she mission . she hurry without lose tofio and Beto from sight , they two little mischievous figure already half a block away . they ring doorbell and run away . cleo shorten the distance with each step , get closer , but not too close . and so , she follow they . when they reach insurgentes the boy run off , and turn , disappear at the corner . cleo hurry and turn the corner to - ext . —- insurgentes avenue - las AMERICAS cinema —- dusk cleo reach the bustling avenue , brim with its early Friday night energy . people walk in all direction and the street light , the car , the shop window and the ad be all lighting up . 81 . continued : she see people crossing to the other side of insurgentes , where the marquee announce melody , but she do not see the boy . she worry and walk to the follow corner , search . she 's almost make it to the newspaper stand in the next corner when she turn and look to - the other side of insurgentes and there , amongst the crowd come out of the theater and spilling onto the sidewalk , she see sefior Antonio . he look light and happy and dance a silly step to the great delight and laughter of the young woman who hold he hand . and that 's when she also finally spot Beto , hide on one side of the news stand , lose in the page of caballero man 's magazine . Beyond , tofio be also hold a magazine , but he 's not look at the naked woman in its page . he 's look at the other side of the street : people be come out of the theater and he dad be play Fred astaire to a Ginger Rogers that be not he mother . in he silly dance move , sefior Antonio trip with a older couple who be annoyed . sefior Antonio and the young woman laugh and hurry off . older couple so rude ...! sefior Antonio stop , turn and to spray bullet at the older couple with he make believe machine gun , escape with the young woman , bonnie & clyde , hand in hand . Wednesday , March 24th , 1971 . int / ext - public bus - calzada ignacio zaragoza - day cleo 's riding a bus full of people . ext . — dirt avenue - ciudad nezahualcoyotl - day cleo climb down the bus , she six - month belly be obvious and the contrast with the roma neighborhood be evident too - 82 . continued : the dirt avenue be flanke by large electric tower and riddled with pot hole where stagnant water pool . the house be make of cement brick , corrugate cardboard and asbestos sheet . there 's lot of trash and plastic . cleo show a piece of paper to a pedestrian who point to a street up the avenue . cleo head up the street . ext .- STREET - house - ciudad nezahualcoyotl - day cleo walk on . misery be palpable , there be child and stray dog everywhere and a stream of raw sewage run down the street . different music boom out of each house . Three dog block she way and bark . cleo crouch , pretend to get a rock and the dog run off . she reach a house and double - check the address on she paper . she come to the door and knock . impertinent dog answer she knock next to the entrance . cleo knock again as the door open . it 's ramén . int / ext — datsun - oceania ave - day cleo ride alone in the back seat . in front , ramén be in the driver 's seat , and he friend canchas , be in the passenger seat , smoking pot . he give the joint to ramén , who take a drag and pass it to cleo , who refuse . ext . - parking lot - empty lot - san juan do aragon and cuchilla del tesoro - day next to the field - about a hundred young man in uniform t-shirt and tennis shoe be in rest position , supervise by three instructor with martial air , pants and sweat-shirt . they pay attention to a man in sweat pants and a sleeveless t- — shirt who make a exercise demonstration - 83 . continued : the man do push -up with he index finger only . a young man stand next to cleo say with admiration - young man it 's Zovek . cleo ( in disbelief ) no ...! Zovek ? young man look at ' im ... cleo be that really professor Zovek ? young man he 's do over a hundred push up by now ! cleo what ? do he always come here ? young man no , not always , but sometimes he come to train they . professor zovek count to 150 , push hard on he finger and in one swift move be on he foot , crossing he wrist over he head . the young man applaud . professor zovek you too can be a kombateka ! every human be hold great potential he must develop through physical conditioning and through mental and spiritual evolution . Zovek walk amongst they . professor zovek ( cont ’d ) you too can develop you potential . but do not expect any miracle , the only miracle lie in you own will . Zovek stop - 84 . continued : professor zovek ( cont ’d ) this be why mental development be the true motor of physical development . he stretch he arm , take he audience in - professor zovek ( cont ’d ) and next up ... a act ! a strip of bandage hang from one of he hand , sway in the dusty breeze - on the edge of the field -— cleo and the small audience call out in surprise - SMALL audience ooooooh ! Zovek exclaim - professor zovek this be a routine that require absolute physical condition ! only martial art master and a few great athlete can master it ! Professor Zovek extend the bandage to a youth in the first row . professor zovek ( cont ’d ) yes ... you ... please bandage my eye . the youth walk up shyly to Professor Zovek and take the bandage , start to bandage he eye - professor zovek ( cont ’d ) make sure they be totally cover . you have get plenty of bandage there . they youth have completely cover Professor Zovek 's eye . professor zovek ( cont ’d ) thank you , you may return to you place . the youth walk back to he spot . 85 . professor zovek ( cont ’d ) and now ...! Professor Zovek flexe he biceps and put the finger in both of he hand together in a diamond shape over he head . he inhale deeply and - professor zovek ( cont ’d ) ( exhaling ) huuuuuuuh ! he be quiet . the young people look on , expectantly . at the edge of the field - cleo and the small audience look on in awe . Professor Zovek be stand , motionless , with he diamond over he head and slowly , very slowly start to lift he leave foot . time have stop . the leave foot lift up , fold at the knee until the thigh be at a 45 degree angle , and he remain motionless in that position . the young people await in confusion for something to happen . at the edge of the field - cleo and the small audience be also wait , a boy crouch down . Professor Zovek continue on , motionless - professor zovek ( cont ’d ) be you disappointed ? be you expect I to lift a jet or a elephant ? the audience laugh . professor zovek ( cont ’d ) you be witness a incredible feat ! you do not believe I ? try it . Professor Zovek talk but remain motionless - professor zovek ( cont ’d ) just close you eye and lift up a foot . ( more ) 86 . professor zovek ( cont ’d ) you do not have to lift you leg to a forty - five degree angle like I or put you arm up . just close you eye and lift a foot . in the rows -— the young man close they eye and try lift one foot . they quickly lose they balance . the instructor also try it without succeed . at the edge of the field - cleo and the small audience also try it out , some child last a little longer but they all fail . Professor Zovek explain -— professor zovek ( cont ’d ) true mental preparation be the path to physical realization . the small audience begin to notice that - cleo be on one foot , form a diamond with she finger over she head . her eye close , placid . ext - field - empty lot - later a trainer blow he whistle and the formation break up . the young man pick up they belonging at the edge of the field and walk over to the parking lot . cleo watch they walk by , and in a small group she find - fermin , who walk talk , animated . cleo want to call he , but be anxiously silent . fermin and he group walk right past she . cleo finally call to he - cleo fermin ! perhaps a little too loud . fermin turn and when he see she , he stop . other in he group stop with he fermin what 's up my cleo ? 87 . continued : cleo can you talk for a minute ? the group surround fermin make fun of he - group wooococ00000000 ! fermin smile and walk towards cleo gesture good bye to he group . cleo and fermin walk one toward the other in the empty lot . in the background - a Eastern Airlines boe 727 take off and fly over the couple approach in the middle of the lot . fermin Long time no see , cleo ! cleo hi , fermin ... they meet and kiss hello . fermin what be you do around this part ? cleo well , I have leave you so many message and I have be look for you but I can never find you so ... fermin start head toward the parking lot - fermin I be sorry my cleo , but the training get real hard core and they even bring in a gringo trainer and another one from Korea . well , the american have be here already , but the Korean one be new . cleo be it for the Olympic ? 88 . continued : fermin something like that . who tell you I be here ? cleo hesitates - cleo it 's just that a neighbor 's brother in law train with you so ... fermin ( interrupt ) it be Ramon , right ? cleo no , no , no ! fermin stop -— fermin Son of a ... Fucking ramén . i’11 get he when I see he - he make some pretend impressive aikido movement - fermin ( cont 'd ) jodan tsuki !... chudan tsuki !... mae geril ... flash blow , precise kick and body contact with the air . cleo it 's just that ... I be with child ... fermin stop mid-punch . he keep walk to the parking lot . fermin what 's it to I ? cleo follow he - cleo well , the little one 's yours . fermin walk faster . fermin no fuck way ! cleo but it be , fermin ! 89 . continued : fermin stop completely and turn to cleo - fermin I tell you already , there 's no fuck way ! so if you do not want I to fuck you up real bad , you and you '' little one '' too , do not ever fuck say it again and do not ever come look for I again ! he do some aikido movement culminate in a mortal blow to cleo , stop less than half a inch from she face and then walk off . fermin ( cont ’d ) Fucking cunt ! he leave cleo alone in the empty lot . Friday , May 14th , 1971 . ext . - SMALL patio - tepeji 21 - day borras bark like crazy . cleo hold he collar but be lose in she own sadness . her almost - eight - month belly be very large . the old man with the orange put three more orange in the crate on the floor . it 's almost full . old man with orange + 20 . the old man get up and adela pay he with a crumpled 20 - peso bill . further back , cleo hold on to borras , who try to lunge at the old man with each bark . the old man slowly carry the immense sack of orange and put it on he back . he start walk towards - ext . - patio - tepeji 21 - day where cleo be hold borras who push up on he hind leg to attack the old man who walk past they on he way to the street . 90 . continued : the old man be halfway down the patio when borras tug hard , surprising cleo , who be lose in think and let go . borras run down to the old man who hurry to the door as he feel the dog come . borras chase he . cleo borras ! borras lunge at the old man and sink he tooth into the enormous sack . dozen of orange fall out roll all over the patio . the old man let go of the sack and run to the door while borras be try to finish off the sack . cleo run up to borras on the orange - cover floor . the old man be almost at the door when the dog realize this and run after he . the old man reach the door and open . borras be about to sink in he tooth when the old man exit and shut the door . borras can not stop and smashes against the door . cleo be stand in the middle of the patio , surround by a ocean of orange . int . downstair - tepeji 21 - day the midday light bounce off the patio wall and slide in through the great window , softly caress the modern mahogany table . cleo polish the surface with a rag . she rub the rag over and over the same spot , as if she want to wipe she own reflection . the house be quiet . only the rumor of a conversation be hear . the phone cable extend all the way into the bathroom under the stair disappear inside the door . sefiora sofia be inside , talk . her voice echoe in the small space and filter though the door . only a few word can be clearly hear . paco come down the stair slowly . stop in the middle , he lean over the railway , try to hear better . cleo keep polish the same area of the table and finally realize paco be come down the stair . 91 . continued : paco 's in the hall and walk slowly to the bathroom door , lean on the wall next to it . cleo stop wiping she reflection and see paco , who - slide and sit down on the floor . he lean against the wall and try to move he ear closer to the door . from the dining room , cleo shoos he away , gesture , but paco ignore she , concentrate on listen to the conversation distort by the bathroom echo and muffle by the door . senora sofia ( 0.c. ) ..- he write they letter from so - call Vancouver ... cleo walk up to paco , gesture . when she reach the hall she stop at a respectful distance from the bathroom and its conversation . she stop and shake she rag vigorously , call paco . senora sofia ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) ..- he do not even have enough of a pair to tell the child ... he see she but shake he head no repeatedly . cleo come a few step closer , still keep she distance , and speak by mouth the word but almost without a single sound . cleo ( articulate ) g-e-t o-u- t - o-f h-e-r-e paco be about to shake he head no but a cry puncture the echoe and the wall - a deep desperate wail . paco and cleo freeze , scared , when suddenly - the bathroom door open and sefiora sofia come out , carry the phone . she see paco run away and grab he - senora sofia and you ? what be you spying on ?... her face be gaunt from cry , from all the pain and frustration that explode in a - giant slap that throw paco down on the floor . sefiora sofia immediately realize what she 's do and crouch down next to she son , hold he , cry - 92 . continued : senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I be sorry , paco ! why be you eavesdropp ? why be you eavesdropp ? the two of they cry on the floor , sefiora sofia see cleo , only a few step away - senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) and you ! why do you let he ? she hug paco tightly - senora sof{a ( cont ’d ) do not say anything to you brother and sister . do not say a thing . promise I ... promise ... to the side , cleo be motionless , wishing she could join in the hugging and the cry . int . - sofi and pepe 's room - tepeji 21 - dusk cleo brushes sofi 's hair . they be sit on the bed . sofi read a letter . cleo be lose in think . sofi it have so many drawing . look , I think this little girl be I and I think this be my daddy ... the letter be do exclusively in blue ink drawing with no color or highlight . sofi ( cont 'd ) and this be a heart , look , with a S for sofi and a p for papa ... and this here be a dog ... or be ita fish ? pepe come in and sit down next to they , lean over to see the letter . cleo maybe it 's a dolphin , I think ? sofi a dolphin ? no . it 's like a doggie ... 93. continued : pepe it 's a seal ! in the fourth letter my dad send paco , he say he can see the ocean from he hotel room and that there be a lot of seal . sofi consider the draw - sofi yes . it 's a seal ! like the one in he hotel ! pepe you have say dolphin . it look nothing like a dolphin ! cleo no ? sofi no ! cleo so it 's not a dolphin ? what do you think it be ? sofi and pepe answer in a chorus - sofi and pepe a seal ! and they also laugh in chorus . distract by she own sadness , cleo turn to pepe and do a surprise tickle attack , prolong the laughter . when they have calm down , pepe be lie on the bed and fix he eye on cleo . cleo what you look at ? pepe when 's you baby come out ? sadness wash over cleo again - cleo next month . sofi it be a girl ? 94 , continued : cleo I do not know ... sofi oh , please let it be a girl ! pleeeease ! what 's she name ? cleo I do not know . sofi if it 's a girl can she name be tabitha like bewitch ? cleo ( absently ) maybe ... pepe get up and look at she , serious . pepe and will she live here ? sofi if she 's a girl yes ! cleo I do not know . would you like she to live here ? pepe no way ! yuck ! cleo smile , try to hide she pain . she change the topic - cleo let 's see ! put you pajamas on ! Saturday , May 15th , 1971 . int . - senora sofia 's room - tepeji 21 - day the room glow softly in the light that filter in through the curtain . cleo fold freshly wash clothes in the closet drawer . as she open one she look down at sefior Antonio 's underwear . she can hear the child fight downstairs . 95 . continued : cleo close the drawer . she look at the man 's suit hang . the yell grow more intense and in the middle , sefiora Teresa — senora teresa ( 0.c. ) Children ! stop it , tofio ! stop ! sofi come run into the room . sofi cleo ! tofio and paco be fight ! cleo come out to - int . - upstair hall - tepeji 21 - day with she 8 - month belly , cleo slowly go down the stair with sofi . when they come down they see - in the hall - tofio who be hold paco by the hair . paco be scream furiously and attempt to kick tofio . sefiora Teresa be in the live room yell at the boy . pepe be stand , paralyze , next to she . senora teresa stop it ! now ! but paco manage to free himself and hit tofio on the face . tofio grab he arm . in the staircase - cleo stop . sofi take she hand - cleo boy ! in the hall -— paco spit in tofio 's face , leave he space to give hima good slap . senora teresa tofno ! and paco throw himself against tofio once again , while tofio speedily escape . 96 . continued : in the staircase - cleo be still walk down . cleo boy ! I be go to tell you mom when she come back ! in the hall -— the boy do not pay any attention to she at all . paco take a trinket from the table , a stone egg , and - he throws it to tono - it fly straight to he head . senora teresa paco ! tofio duck just as the speedy egg projectile , fly exactly over where he face be , follow its trajectory through the open door , out the patio and - crashing against the door of the valiant , park just outside . sefiora Teresa run towards paco and grab he hard , shaking he - senora teresa ( cont 'd ) what be you do ! paco ! paco he hit I first ! tono because you push I ! cleo walk into the hall with sofi , towards the live room . senora teresa how could you throw that thing !? you could have kill you brother ! paco stop wrestle , remorseful . cleo come to pepe , hug he and sofi be with she . sefiora Teresa let go of paco - senora teresa you could have kill he ! 97 . continued : scare , tono look at the car door where the egg have leave a enormous dent in the metal . int . - kitchen - tepeji 21 - night the house be quiet again . cleo wash dish . adela put they away on the shelf . adela you head up , manita , I will finish up here ... the galaxie 500 honk its horn - ta-ta ta-ta ta-ta ta-taaaaaaaa ! adela ( cont ’d ) I will go . adela go out the small patio and to the patio . cleo walk to the breakfast room . int . - downstair - tepeji 21 - night cleo walk across the breakfast room and the dining room and go out to the hall . she peek out the door that open to the patio . ext . patio tepeji 21 - night ta-ta ! ta-ta ! ta-taaaaaaaa ! adela walk to the street door , light from the outside by the car 's headlight . ta-ta ! ta-ta ! ta-taaaaaaaa ! adela open the door , revealing - the mighty galaxie 500 headlight lighting the patio . the car pull in slowly but - kkkkkkkjj355355k ! its leave side scratch against the door frame . 98 . continued : the car brake and move back a couple of inch . adjust its trajectory and pull forward again - krrrrrrajjjj ! now its right side hit the frame . the car stop and veer its wheel leave . move forward . kkkjjjjjkkk ! the leave molding catch the frame and begin to bend . the car stop . back up . go forward again and now the right side molding be the one that 's catch . the car stop . back up . it start forward again and the right side molding be rip from the metal , but now the car do not stop . it just head straight in , rip the entire leave side molding too . it adjust its course once more . the side mirror catch and be rip off . the galaxie 500 stop only momentarily to follow its course with even great conviction , hit and dent both side , its molding bent in strange shape . finally , the galaxie stop in front of the door that open to the hall . int . - downstair hall - tepeji 21 - night cleo be next to the patio door . outside - the galaxie door open and sefiora sofia come out . she stumble as she walk and come into the house without close the car door . she be obviously drunk . cleo move aside to let she through . sefiora sofia look at she , amused - senora sofia we be alone . always . even though they say we be not . she laugh and cleo look at she , confuse . 99 . continued : sefiora sofia walk on and stagger up the stair . Thursday , June 10th , 1971 . int / ext - valiant - STREET - afternoon ignacio be drive . cleo be sit in the front and sefiora Teresa ride behind , alone . they drive slowly in heavy traffic . a park car try to come out onto the street . ignacio stop and let it through - ignacio maybe if we park over here , far away , because there 's a student protest . there 's a bustle of young people on the sidewalk and walk up the street . some carry picket and paint slogan . senora teresa I hope they do not get they again ... the park car frees up a space and ignacio try to park . ext . — STREET near mexico - tacuba - afternoon the valiant park , sefiora Teresa and cleo come out with ignacio accompany they . Cleaning truck be park along the block . they walk amongst the student head up the street to the corner which be surveille by police vehicle , and they pass in front of a group of young man dress in t-shirt , wait . ext . -— calzada mexico - tacuba - afternoon ignacio accompany Teresa and cleo , who walk slowly . cleo on account of she belly , and sefora Teresa due to she limp . the storefront metallic curtain be all shut . they walk in front of a long row of riot police truck , line of police officer while a group of young man carry bamboo cane gather at the corner . 100 . they reach calzada méxico - tacuba and it 's close off . the beginning of a enormous march pass next to they , walk from north to south on the Avenue . sefiora Teresa , cleo and ignacio be force to cross in the middle of the march . they melt in with the crowd - some have picket , other sing slogan . they manage to make it to the other side of the avenue and head towards the entrance of a building advertising a furniture store on the second floor , letter paint on its window . sefiora Teresa and cleo walk in . ignacio wait outside . int . — furniture store - calzada mexico tacuba - afternoon the afternoon sun light the muebleria sign paint all along the window , stain the floor with its upside - down letter . a handful of client walk around the store , which sell cheap and functional furniture . the din of the march fill the place with chant and slogan . cleo and sefiora Teresa walk through the nursery section . they see a crib - senora teresa you like that one ? cleo it 's so beautiful . sefiora Teresa see the price tag and call a young saleswoman over . she come immediately - senora teresa what 's you best price on this crib . the saleswoman look at the tag . senora teresa ( cont 'd ) with my faithful old time customer discount , eh ? saleswoman let I ask the manager . the saleswoman walk up to the counter . the outside din turn into a chorus roar of terrify scream . it be five o’ seven p.m. 101 . continued : ignacio run through the door , panic in he eye . everyone in the store look at he , confuse . the outside roar intensify . ignacio run to the window and look out . other client do the same . terror in they eye . cleo and sefiora Teresa slowly approach and they join ignacio to look out the window - calzada mexico - tacuba the giant line of student be attack frontally by more than 100 young man in tennis hoe , t-shirt and short haircut , armed with 6 foot bamboo cane , club and metal rod administer electric shock . they be the halcone . the paramilitary group attack furiously . the multitude run , but more halcone have surround they from the back and come out of the surround street . Shots be hear and a cloud of gunpowder begin to form . people fall . woman , old man . Children . inside the furniture store — step can be hear up and down the staircase and a student come in , bleed from the head . he 's not even 20 year old . the client cry out in alarm . the student look at they imploringly and , scared , he turn to hear the noise in the staircase . the store manager signal for he to come in quickly and call the young saleswoman over . manager put he in the closet . the young woman rush the student in to the closet at the back of the store , when - Three halcone appear . people be terrify . a woman start cry . ignacio walk protectively in front of cleo and sefiora Teresa . the halcone see the young woman close the closet door . two head over , one stay in the middle of the store , control the people . 102 . continued : the young woman place she body in front of the closet door . the first halcén hit she and throw she on the floor , open the door and the second halcén - shoot three time . the student fall out of the closet , and to the floor where - the halcon shoot he two more time . people scream and the halcén at the rearguard surveil they menacingly . shield by ignacio , cleo see the halcdén at the rearguard . the halcén also see she . they recognize each other . it 's fermin . cleo start hyperventilate . the two other halcone begin retreate and fermin follow they . the three leave the store . cleo watch they go . her breathe be fast . a puddle form at she foot . her water have break . ext . - STREET - vecindad entrance - near mexico - tacuba - afternoon ignacio hold cleo and help she walk . sefiora Teresa walk next to they . terrify people run in all direction . Shots be fire and there be a lot of smoke in the air . student run towards they , terrify , chase after by halcone with bamboo stick . ignacio pull cleo to the entrance of a vecindad , take shelter and sefora Teresa follow after they . in front of they , on the street , the halcone catch up with a student and beat he to a pulp . they keep go . ignacio peek out at the street , pull cleo out and they leave the doorway to continue on they way . sefiora Teresa follow after they . 103 . continued : they walk down Mexico - tacuba . on the ground , man , woman , old and young , lie dead . some surround by pool of blood . a young woman cry kneel on the floor . she hold a young man 's head . halcone come up and beat she violently . int / ext - ' 64 valiant - STREET - afternoon at the wheel , ignacio weave through traffic find any empty spot he can slide into . cleo aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhggggg ! in the back seat , cleo suffer contraction . next to she , seflora Teresa hold she hand . int - medical CENTER - cuauhtemoc ave . - afternoon the ' 64 valiant rush down cuauhtemoc Avenue and turn into the Medical Center entrance . ext . ob / gyn - medical CENTER - dusk the building and ramp light be on against the purple sky want to become night . ignacio help cleo walk . sefiora Teresa , slower , follow behind . on the esplanade , pregnant woman walk around , some accompany , wait for they imminent delivery . ignacio and cleo walk into the building . int . - lobby - ob / gyn - dusk Chaos . pregnant woman walk around the lobby while some wait with they family member in the wait room . name be call on the loudspeaker and pregnant woman be admit . cry and moan from woman go through contraction . in the reception , nurse efficiently tend to the long line of patient . 104 . continued : ignacio enter the lobby hold cleo . they immediately walk to the reception area . when they arrive , he tell cleo - ignacio wait for I here . just a sec . he leave cleo and try to talk to a hurried nurse - ignacio ( cont 'd ) Excuse I ... but the nurse do not pause , she only point - nurse line be over there ... ignacio see the line and cleo have another contraction , stand . cleo aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhaa ! ignacio yell out to make himself hear on top of the racket of question , order , complaint and cry - ignacio ( scream ) Doctor vélez ! Doctor vélez ! no one seem to hear he . ignacio insist - ignacio ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) Doctor vélez ! Doctor vélez ! Doctor vélez come in through the medical team and patient door . she hurry to ignacio - doctor velez here , here , here .... ignacio take she to cleo while Doctor vélez lift a arm and emphatically call out - doctor velez ( cont 'd ) nurse ! nurse ! a nurse run to they , push a wheelchair . sefiora Teresa have finally arrive . she be completely breathless . doctora vélez reach cleo - 105 . continued : doctora velez hi , cleo . how be you feel ? cleo look at she : fear be she only answer . the nurse come in and help cleo sit down on the wheelchair . ignacio help too . doctora velez ( cont 'd ) I will take it from here . you can wait out there . rosary in hand , sefora Teresa and ignacio look at cleo be wheeled off through the door lead to - int - hallway with elevator - ob / gyn - dusk cleo be in the wheelchair , scared . she be surround by Doctor vélez and the nurse . they reach the elevator and wait . the elevator door open and they walk in . the door be about to close when sefior Antonio , dress in he white coat , walk up to they and go in as well . int . - elevator - ob / gyn - dusk the door close . senor ANTONIO hi cleo , how be you feel ? cleo look at he , surprised - cleo Doctor ...! sefior Antonio try to encourage she - senor ANTONIO you be in good hand ... how many baby have you deliver , Doctor vélez ? Doctor vélez smile - doctor velez hundred ! cleo have a strong contraction - 106 . continued : cleo aaaahhhhggg ! sefior Antonio hold she hand and lean down to bring he face closer to cleo 's - senor ANTONIO breathe cleo ... like this ... sefior Antonio begin inhale and exhaling and blow . cleo try to imitate he by look at he face . int . - 6th floor lobby - ob / gyn - dusk the elevator open its door and cleo 's chair be wheeled out by the nurse . the sixth floor have no window . they pass the nurse station and reach the door that lead to the birthing room . sefior Antonio lean in to cleo - senor ANTONIO Doctor vélez will only let I come up to this point .... Doctor vélez interrupt - doctor velez do not mind I . come in if you like . senor ANTONIO no , uh ... I have a patient ... his excuse hang in the air and he put a hand over cleo 's shoulder - senor ANTONIO ( cont 'd ) you be go to be just fine , cleo ... and he scurries down the hallway . frightened and confuse , cleo have barely register the exchange . the nurse wheel she into - int . - admission cubicle - ob / gyn - dusk a cubicle , separate from other cubicle by a curtain and screen , the gynecological bed be in the middle . the nurse help cleo to get up and out of the wheelchair - 107 . continued : doctor velez take off all you clothes and put on this gown , ok ? cleo undress . she do not have much privacy and , behind the poorly close curtain she can see other woman be examine . Doctor vélez ask she question to which she answer in confusion . doctor velez ( cont 'd ) when do you last menstruate ? cleo September ? doctor velez do you have a due date ? cleo June 21st ... doctor velez be there any complication during the pregnancy ? scare , cleo shake she head no . doctor velez ( cont 'd ) how long ago do you water break ? cleo about a hour and a half ago . we could not get out of where we be and ... doctor velez be it clear ? cleo huh ? doctor velez the water . be it transparent ? cleo no. a little thick . like soup . cleo be about to close she gown when she suffer a very painful contraction . Doctor vélez order - 108. continued : doctora velez do not push cleo , blow . help she get on the bed ... the nurse help cleo lie down on the gynecological bed . Doctor vélez touch the top of she belly - doctor velez check dilation . a resident examine she and declare resident Seven or eight centimeter ... doctor velez frequency ? the resident check on the cardiac rhythm with a pinard stethoscope while a nurse fill out papers . resident I can not hear the foetal focus ... nurse blow , mar ’am ! resident she 's full . she 's in second plane ... expulsive with full dilation and there be four cross meconium and asystole . Doctor vélez give a round of instruction - doctor velez plug in mix solution at 5 % and wheel she into Labor immediately . alert pediatrics . prepare a laryngoscope , reanimation equipment and a ambu . the nurse quickly bring a gurney up to the gynecological table . the resident ask cleo - resident can you climb onto the gurney for I ? doctor velez let 's get you baby out . 109 . continued : the nurse help cleo move onto the gurney . int . - hallway - labor room - 6th floor - ob / gyn - dusk fluorescent light in a hallway with half - open frost door . the cry of a woman give brith filter out from one of the labor room . a nurse come out of one of the room and go into another . at the end of the hallway we also hear a door open , and soon after , Doctor vélez and she team of nurse and resident appear push cleo on she gurney . when they reach the end of the hallway , they turn and enter - int . - birthing room - operating room - ob / gyn - dusk nurse and resident work around cleo who moan in pain . they put she on the birthing bed while Doctor vélez wash she hand . intern rubén lefiero 's colleague be tell I that they have hospitalize injure student and some halcone come in to kill they off inside the very hospital . a nurse fix cleo 's foot onto the brace . Doctor vélez sit in front of she leg to deliver the baby . cleo have a strong contraction - cleo aaaaaaaahhhhhh ! doctor velez do not blow , cleo . push ! cleo try blow in the middle of she cry of pain . a doctor come in the door accompany by a nurse who wheel in a cart with medical equipment . it 's the pediatrician . cleo breathes , agitate . and from between she leg , the baby 's crown appear , like a rise sun . doctor velez ( cont 'd ) almost there ... push ! 110 . continued : cleo scream . cleo aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhbhhhhhhhh ! it 's a deep cry . a primeval scream from time immemorial . cleo ( cont 'd ) aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh ! the baby be expell between cleo 's leg and onto the hand of Doctor vélez , who receive it . the baby do not cry or breathe . it be flaccid and hang like a rag . it 's completely smear in green liquid . Doctor vélez cut the umbilical chord and pass the baby over to the pediatrician who place it softly on he pediatric table and check on it with a pinard stethoscope . cleo follow all the action , the pediatric table only a yard away from she face . pediatrician no heart beat . we will try reanimation . the pediatrician place the baby in hyperflex position and put the laryngoscope down its mouth . he begin aspiration with a catheter . cleo see she baby . from its mouth , through the catheter , meconium come out , a green dense liquid like pea soup . the pediatrician pull the catheter out of the baby 's mouth and place the '' ambu '' , a manual resuscitator , on the baby 's mouth and nose . Doctor vélez be work on the placenta expulsion . cleo watch the baby on the table . the pediatrician pump the '' ambu '' balloon repeatedly , attempt to reanimate the baby . cleo look at the baby , its face almost entirely cover by the '' ambu '' and find out it 's a girl . the pediatrician stop pump the '' ambu '' and check for a heartbeat with the stethoscope - pediatrician ( cont ’d ) still asystole ... and he walk over , softly , to cleo 111 . pediatrician ( cont ’d ) ma'am . I be afraid you be baby be stillborn . she have no amniotic liquid . and the green liquid block she lung . I be so sorry , senora . cleo listen in silence , unable to take she eye off she baby . the nurse start clean off its tiny body . doctor velez I be so sorry , cleo ... pediatrician would you like to say good bye to you baby , mar 'am ? cleo nod . the nurse carry the baby and place it quietly on cleo , who hug it , she gaze lose . Doctor vélez keep work between she leg , clean she . pediatrician ( cont ’d ) who be you with ? can we call someone ? doctor velez she 's with family . they be outside . cleo whisper something . doctor velez ( cont 'd ) do you say something , cleo . I could not hear you ... cleo ( whisper ) sefiora sofia ... sefiora sofia ... doctor velez yes , cleo , I will give she a call ... the nurse come to take the dead baby - nurse May i? ma'am ? cleo nod and the nurse take the baby over to a small table where they wrap she in a cloth . cleo watch as she baby girl disappear under the sheath , and when she be completely wrap , the nurse seal the cloth with adhesive tape . 112 . continued : the nurse take a marker and write on the sheath - newborn —- cleodegaria gutierrez . Friday , June 11 , 1971 . the light of a new day flood the room . bed in a row along the wall , mother who have recently give birth be rest . some woman carry they baby . other breastfeed . some sleep . there be bow , envelope , flower . cleo be awake , lie in bed . her gaze be absent . a nurse carry a baby up to a bed . a woman hold it , excitedly and begin to breastfeed . the nurse help she , both of they whisper effusively , interrupt the peace in the room . cleo do not turn to look at they , or perhaps she can not hear they , she gaze be lose . sefiora sofia come to the door and stop for a moment . she watch cleo , who be motionless , surround by the low hum of barely awaken traffic from avenida cuauhtémoc and the breastfeed woman 's effusive whisper . sefiora sofia come into the hall and walk towards cleo . she sit on the bed and hold she hand . cleo look at she , and attempt a feeble smile . sefiora sofia squeeze she hand as she wounded heart try to offer solid support that cleo can not find in the void . int / ext - galaxie 500 - baja california ave - ure and huatabampo crosstreet - tonala - day sefiora sofia be drive . next to she , cleo . they be silent . they turn right , leave baja California Ave behind and with it , the sun . they drive down ure , both look straight ahead , surround by the purr of eight cylinder change gear automatically . they turn leave , onto huatabampo street . they continue in silence under the shade of the house until they reach the corner with tonald , where a car wait its turn to turn . 113. continued : sefiora sofia break behind the car and wait . the two woman look ahead in silence . sefiora sofia hold cleo 's hand and start bawling . it 's a quiet and prolong wail that break into a long and articulate lament . she hug cleo who be still silent . the car in front of they have move and now the galaxie hold up the traffic , three car wait behind it already . a horn honk . sefiora sofia cry while hugging cleo . she cry out all the impotence , all the fear , all the uncertainty , and all the humiliation . she cry , ignore the chorus of horn that have join she lament . ext .- corner of huatabampo and tonala - day the galaxie 500 be motionless and stop traffic at the corner . impatiently , car go around it on the leave , some of they protest rudely . the two woman inside the galaxie continue to hug . Wednesday , June 23 , 1971 . ext - patio - tepeji 21 - afternoon litter with dog shit , the patio be empty except for a red tricycle , a football and borras , enjoy the last few ray of sun . a mysterious whistle filter in from the distance . alert , borras lift he head . the sad and solitary whistle invoke a presence , invade the wall of the house . in the patio , borras begin to bark . ext . - tepeji STREET - tepeji 21 - afternoon the whistle pierce through the afternoon quiet and seem to bounce off the facade of the house . sad and defeat , tepeji 21 rest on its solid ground , which blend with the grey concrete of the sidewalk . 114 . the galaxie 500 and the valiant be park in front of the house . a knife sharpener cross on he bike , blow on he whistle , suffuse the air with its ominous lament . ext - SMALL patio - tepeji 21 - afternoon the parakeet seem to want to imitate the whistle with they song . adela 's voice call from the second floor - adela ( 0.c. ) move it ! int . - kitchen - tepeji 21 - afternoon cleo be sit next to the window , wrap up in she own pain . adela ( 0.c . ) it 's the sharpener ! move it ! cleo ! but cleo remain motionless . the fateful whistle fade away slowly and disappear . borras and the parakeet calm down . everything be in silence . the afternoon light abate . cleo do not move . of - of of - of of - of ta-taaaaaaa ...! a car 's nasal horn resound on the street and borras reply with he bark . of - of of - of of - of ta-taaaaaaa ...! cleo do not recognize the sound of the horn but its rhythm - of - of of - of of - of ta-taaaaaaa ...! cleo get up and slowly walk out the door to the - SMALL patio -— she cross out onto - 115 . ext . - patio - tepeji 21 - afternoon cleo watch adela open the street door while she grab borras by the collar . she discover - a pale yellow renault 21 park in front of the door . it revs and pull in , easily crossing the doorframe and continue its way up to the hallway door . paco and pepe peek out from the hall and see they mother at the wheel of the renault . paco cry out - paco tofio ! sofi ! come ! pepe Mom buy a new car ! paco come out to examine the car 's body . pepe join he brother . cleo come closer while adela close the door that lead to the street . sefiora sofia poke she head out of the car window - senora sofia you like it ? paco how fast can it go ? sefiora sofia open the door and come out - senora sofia you check . paco hurry to sit in the driver 's seat . pepe run around to the other side and sit in the passenger seat . tofio and sofi come out to the patio to see the new car . tono why not a maverick ? from the driver 's seat , paco protest - paco it only go to 145 ! the galaxie go up to 200 ! senora sofia because they be very expensive and I want a small car . I have have it up to here with that galaxie ! 116 . continued : sofi sit in the back seat - sofi I like the new car , mommy . paco what about the galaxie ? senora sofia I sell it . they be come to pick it up next week . sofi come out of the car - sofi do dad know ? senora sofia no , it 's a surprise . sefiora sofia look at cleo - senora sof{a ( cont ’d ) hi , cleo . do you like the new car ? cleo barely nod . senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) and speak of surprise , we be go on a trip this weekend and we be take the galaxie on its goodbye ride . paco and pepe come out of the car and follow they mother and sibling into the hall . sofi where to ? senora sofia tuxpan . paco where 's tuxpan ? tono I have practice ! senora sofia you will skip it . tuxpan be in veracruz . 117 . continued : from the patio and through the window , cleo watch the light of the house switch on and sefora sofia crossing the hall up to the stair . paco and pepe cross the hall follow they mother . paco it 's the beach ? senora sofia yes . tono the beach in veracruz be so ugly . sefiora sofia climb the stair , the four child follow she . out on the patio , cleo watch the family disappear into the upper floor . Saturday , June 26 , 1971 ext . tuxpan freeway - day Palm tree , ceibas and banana plant give way to multicolor house compete with tropical flower and foliage and more palm tree , ceibas and banana plant . the galaxie 500 drive past a turn . int / ext - galaxie 500 - tuxpan freeway - afternoon cleo watch the landscape in silence , pepe snuggle against she . the radio 's look to tune into a station , go through tropical music , cumbia , and advertisement for a local dance . tono ( 0.c. ) La pantera do not get all the way here . paco ( 0.c . ) I hear it for a little bit . 118. senora sofia ( 0.c. ) look ! the sea ! paco stop , stop , stop ! ma! senora sofia why do not we go drop the bag off at the hotel first ? tono by the time we get there it 's 1ll be dark . paco let 's go ! just for a little while . senora sofia ok . only for a little bit though . ext . - roadside beach - afternoon the galaxie pull up next to the sand of a long grey overcast beach , empty except for the stunt skeleton of a brick building . the family come out of the car . tofio and paco immediately run to the shore take off they shirt and pants and throw they on the sand . sofi and pepe follow behind . sefiora sofia take off she shoe and follow she child , pick up the clothes strewn about on the sand . cleo walk to the shore where the child splash around . she be absent . a gust of wind drag the breeze over to caress she face . cleo breathes in the sea and close she eye . she breathes in , as if want to cleanse something very deep . ext . - garden - bungalows - tuxpan - dusk the fade light of day stroke the garden with soft coolness . a orchard surround the bungalow build in the 1940s they paint now nibble on by time and saltpeter . a receptionist , carry key , guide sefiora sofia , cleo and the child through the garden . they all carry bag . the receptionist open the door . 119 . int . —- room - bungalow - tuxpan - dusk the sky 's last light attempt to paint the window but be defeat by the lightbulb inside a wicker lamp , which light the small room with two bed . cleo , sit on one of the bed and put pepe 's T-shirt on as he stand in front of she with he arm up in the air . when he head poke out the collar , pepe look at she , surprised -— pepe cat get you tongue ? cleo shake she head no . pepe ( cont 'd ) then why do not you talk . cleo smile , with a smile that hold back tear , and walk he out of the room to a - int . — live room - bungalow - tuxpan - dusk another wicker lamp hang in the middle of the little dining room and two lamp on each side of the sofa , one without a shade , light the room . tofio be tie knot with a string while sefiora sofia be apply vinegar on paco 's back with a cotton ball . paco ay ! ay ! ay ...! senora sofia I tell you to put on you T-shirt . paco but it be cloudy ! senora sofia that 's why ! the glare be worse than the sun ! next to he , cry and cry , sofi wait she turn . senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) be you dress pepe ? pepe yes , but the cat get cleo 's tongue . 120 . continued : sefiora sofia smile . cleo sit on the sofa and grab a cotton ball , douse it in vinegar , come close to sofi and start apply it on she back . cleo and sefiora sofia swab wet cotton ball over sofi and paco 's back . sofi will not stop cry but cleo 's gaze be absent . int . —- restaurant —- tuxpan - night hand-drawn illustration of each dish and a stuff sailfish decorate the wall of a family restaurant . romantic music pour out of a rockola , accompany the hum of the fluorescent light . the family 's finish dinner . cleo cut sofi and pepe 's meat . they be wear pajamas already . tofio have finish and be tie he knot . senora sofia Children ? but the child be distract . senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) Children ? she finally get she child 's attention . senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) pay attention ! I have something to tell you . the child look at she expectantly . sefiora sofia hesitates , gather she courage and - senora sof{a ( cont ’d ) you dad 's not in ottawa . sofi be he back ?! senora sofia no. you dad never go anywhere . the child look at she , she 's seem confuse . senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) well , yes . but he only go for a week and ... you father 's not come back home . 121 . continued : the child watch she in silence . tofio and paco be interested , sofi and pepe be confuse . the song end and the rockola digest another coin , expel a new lament . senora sof{a ( cont ’d ) we come on this trip so he could come get he thing from the house . paco what thing ? senora sofia his thing . or what he say be he thing . his clothes , the bookshelve ... paco be you get a divorce ? senora sofia he say he do not know . sofi start to cry . sofi he do not love we anymore ? senora sofia dad love you very much . he say he want to see you . tono when ? senora sofia he say he do not know when ... soon. sofi muffle she cry in cleo 's breast , tofio look at the fan and paco play with he bean . only pepe be still look at he mother , still confuse . senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) there will be many change , but we will be together and it 'il be a adventure . pepe rest he head on cleo . 122. continued : senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) I be start a new full time job in publishing next week . tono publish ? but you be a chemist . senora sofia I know , but you father have not send any money yet and teach high school be not enough . plus , I love book and I never like chemistry . it will be another adventure . but the child do not look very convinced . they still do not know this but this moment will be etched into they memory as fragment of image , smell , sound and texture - the food stain on the table , the painting on the wall , the landscape of bean smashed by the fork on a plate . the song end . ext . - STREET - tuxpan - night the family roam around the street . quiet . lose in think . Sunday June 27 , 1971 . ext . - palapa - tuxpan beach - day the sun bear down on the afternoon , beam down on the wave and the burn sand on the empty beach . the wave follow one after another , incessantly , drag they foam till they caress the sand without ever break . a palapa shelter the family under its shade and its cool sand . paco and pepe bury sofi in the sand , sculpting long leg to which they add tennis shoe instead of foot . sefiora sofia read a book sit on a fold cloth chair and tofio read a flash comic lie down on a hammock , sway in the wind . 123 . at the edge of the shade , cleo be sit on a chair , hypnotize by the rhythm of the wave and the foam melting as it touch the sand . time trickle by slowly . ext - tuxpan beach - afternoon /dusk the yellow end -of- the-afternoon light dance with the wind , caress surface softly . paco and sofi play in the wave , jump over they , swim under they , or resisting heroically on foot . in she dress , cleo stand next to pepe who be digging hole , tunnel and road in the sand too . sefiora sofia come in to the edge , follow by tofio who stop halfway . paco and sofi come out of the water run - paco be you go to come in ? senora sofia I have to go check on the tire since we be leave tomorrow early . you come ? paco no . it 's we last day at the beach . sofi I be stay too . senora sofia but if I leave , you can not go in . if something happen , cleo can not swim . paco but it 's so mellow . senora sofia I do not care . if you want to stay , that be the rule . paco not even by the edge ? senora sofia by the edge be fine . but just here , understand ? paco and sofi yes ... 124 . continued : pepe I too ? senora sofia yes , but right by the shore . sefiora sofia look at cleo . senora sof{a ( cont ’d ) can I leave they with you ? I will not take long . cleo simply nod and watch sefiora sofia walk back with tofio to the galaxie 500 park behind the palapa . in the background , the sun have lose its shine and peek out , red and roundly from between the cloud . paco and sofi go back to the water , pepe follow . cleo just right by the shore . paco and sofi run to the edge , splash around with they foot , get pepe wet . pepe aaaah ! paco and sofi kick more water around to get pepe wet , he run away but fall on dry sand . cleo run to he and pick he up , he 's cry . she try to brush off the thousand of grain of sand stick to he damp skin . paco take advantage of the distraction and go in deeper . sofi begin to follow in after he when cleo see they - cleo paco ! just in the shallow water ! sofi! sofi obey , paco come back to the shore too . cleo take pepe 's hand and they walk back to the palapa together . as they step on warmer sand , pepe stop , hold he arm up . pepe carry I . 125 . continued : cleo no way . you can do it alone . it 's not hot anymore . she look to the shore - cleo ( cont 'd ) paco ! I see you ! back to the shore ! paco ( 0.c . ) but we be at the shore ! cleo come closer ! you hear you mother , if you do not come in , you have to get out ! she wait and when she 's satisfied , she keep walk . arm still up in the air , pepe watch she go and throw himself on the sand . cleo barely look - cleo ( cont 'd ) suit yourself . you be just get more sand on you and I be go to clean you up in the palapa . she keep walk . pepe get up , crusty with sand , and hurry to catch up . they reach the palapa and pepe sit on a chair . cleo start dusting he off with a clean towel . she look to the sea - cleo ( cont 'd ) hey ! I be watch you guy ! cleo wait for the child to come back to shallow water and keep clean pepe . pepe do you know when I be grow up I be a sailor ? cleo mmmhmmm . . . pepe yes , and I drown in a storm . 126. continued : cleo mmmhmmm . . . she get up and look out to sea - cleo ( cont 'd ) paco and sofi! closer ! cleo keep watch - pepe but the wave be so big .... cleo get back ! she walk to the edge of the palapa and stop to wait next to a post - cleo ( cont 'd ) closer ! pepe and it be night and there be so much lightning ... and I do not know how to swim ... without take she eye from the wave , cleo start walk towards the shore . cleo stay there pepe . the sun have vanish behind the mountain and the purple sky be laden with black cloud . the wind pick up the sand and make new wave that crash arrogantly into the old one . cleo stop - cleo ( cont 'd ) help you sister ! behind she , pepe come closer . cleo see he - cleo ( cont 'd ) pepe ! I tell you to stay there ! chide , pepe go back to the palapa . scare now , cleo look at the sea and look around but the beach be desert . only a man on a horse far away and some people walk in the distance . she hurry to the shore . 127 . as she reach the edge , she walk fearfully in the water that move back and forth and crash around she leg , soaking she polyester dress . she look impotently at the wave , which paco and sofi wrestle , insignificant in a fierce and indifferent ocean that drag they further in . cleo try to move closer to the child , fight to keep she balance in the choppy water reach she waist . the wind play with the crest of the dark wave and the dense cloud be charge with tension in a ever darken sky . cleo look out to the beach but the man on the horse and the people be still very far away and she resign herself to go deeper . a wave crash over the child 's head . when it pass , sofi reemerges but she can barely take a breath when another wave come crash over she . other wave cross and crash up to the sky . cleo fight desperately to stay on she foot in the midst of the cross -current chaos envelop she without fail to look straight in front of she - where the wave crash , rise up , and yet other take they place , the little head do not emerge . another wave power up and a little head bob up in front of she , it 's sofi take up air , and paco resurface too . he turn to look and size up the wave , grab he sister and swim with the break to the beach , but the wave catch up with they , pull they down . cleo come close but be push back by the wave . in front of she , the little head reemerge . paco try to repeat the move and push sofi to the front , but the water envelop they . it also envelop cleo , but do not drag she out . she push towards sofi , who try to swim to she . cleo reach she body out to get she and as she pull she in , she foot lose contact with the bottom and the two go under . another wave gallop with foam . and behind it , cleo emerge carry sofi . paco swim behind they . at the beach , a group of people gather , and with they the man on the horse . 128 . continued : cleo carry sofi and finally manage to reach shallower water , paco follow a little further behind . a couple of young guy run towards they but they do not help , they just look . carry sofi , cleo reach the shore and collapse on the beach , paco next to she . sofi cough and cleo hug she on she lap . curious onlooker surround they and behind they , sefiora sofia , follow by tofio come run from the palapa . cleo clean sand off of sofi 's face and start cry . she cry and hug sofi who be also cry , and rock with she . cleo hug she as if she life depend on it . sefiora sofia throw herself on the sand next to cleo and yank sofi from she . sofi hug she mom . paco come to they and hug they both . tofio watch , next to the bystander , and next to he pepe look scared . sefiora sofia check on sofi - senora sofia be you ok , my love ? sofi nod - sofi cleo save we ... the recent emotion push more tear . sefiora sofi look at cleo who be cry inconsolably . it 's a deep and painful cry , a cry that wash it all away . sefiora sofia hug she mightily - senora sofia thank you , thank you , thank you cleo ... but cleo can not stop cry - cleo I do not want she ... I do not want she ... sefiora sofia try to calm she - 129 . continued : senora sofia shhh , shhh , shhh ... they be ok . the kid be ok .... but cleo insist amidst tear and snot - cleo I do not want she ... I do not want she to be bear ... she break down completely - cleo ( cont 'd ) poor little girl ! ... I do not want she to be bear ! ... I do not want she to be bear !... senora sofia it 's go to be all right , cleo ... it 's go to be all right ... the two woman cry , hugging . it 's a share cry , with sob like retching , and long silence explode in prolong vocal . the child close in on the woman , hugging they . only tofio watch , stand by . the onlooker scatter . the rider pull the rein and the horse continue its way down the beach . the furious sea and its restless wave reflect the last glimmer of the day . Monday June 28 , 1971 . ext . - puebla freeway - afternoon field spot with cloud spread out between green hill . further behind , the volcanos show off they snowy peak . the galaxie 500 drive on , tiny , on the road crossing the landscape . 130 . int / ext - galaxie 500 - puebla freeway - afternoon sefiora sofia be drive , and she index finger be calm . next to she , tofio look out the window without look at the landscape . in the rear , paco also let the landscape slide by he lose gaze . sofi be hugging cleo , who carry a sleep pepe on she lap . the family ride in silence . ext . - freeway entrance to the CITY - afternoon Mexico City extend out to the distance . the galaxie 500 drive on , heavy with uncertainty . ext . - house - tepeji 21 - afternoon the house rest patiently , resign to enjoy the last ray of sun . the Jr. high march band turn the corner and head into the street with its martial drum and trumpet . the galaxie 500 pull into the street and follow the band 's read guard until it park in front of the house . tofio immediately open the door and stretch out on the street . pepe come out after he , run to the door , hold he private and ringing the doorbell . borras answer by bark . sefiora sofia come out of the car and open the trunk , sofi come out after she . cleo come out last and head to the trunk as well . adela open the door hold borras by the collar . pepe run through the door and rush in . int . - downstair - tepeji 21 - afternoon the afternoon sun still pierce the window obliquely and streak the live room shadow with its light . outside the family be on the sidewalk - cleo tie the dog ... senora sofia you too , kid . do not play dumb and come help we with the thing . 131. continued : the child who be already walk up to the house stop and come back to help begrudgingly . Inside , the skylight light the stair but barely touch the tile in the hall . pepe burst in from the patio and run to the bathroom that be under the stair , go in , shut the door . adela cross through the window that open to the patio , drag borras by the collar . she listen to the jet in the toilet . Inside , the house wait . it seem to have grow larger . the absence of the bookshelve have leave tower of book pile on the floor and a seem emptiness . tofio come in , carry he thing . he 's rush but stop in the middle of the hall , surprised by the space - it seem new . paco come in right after and stop next to he brother . sefiora sofia walk in with sofi . the toilet flush and tofio reach he verdict - tono it 's horrible . it 's horrible without the bookshelve ... paco I like it better this way ... tofio run up the stair ... tono it 's awful . paco follow after he . pepe come out of the bathroom and follow he mother and sofi up the stair - sofi what 's so horrible mommy ? senora sofia he do not like the hallway without the bookshelve . sofi what bookshelve ? senora sofia the one that use to be in the hall . 132. continued : sofi oh ! you be right ! pepe wow ! it look bigger ! senora sofia what do you think about we adventure ? sofi I like it a lot . sefiora sofia and the child disappear upstairs , where the television be already on . outside , on the patio , cleo walk , carry three bag and run into adela who be back without the dog . adela I be go to the store , there 's no ham . how be it then ? cleo Real pretty . go. i’1ll tell you about it later . adela continue on she way out . cleo come into the hall . cross and go up the stair carry the luggage . from upstairs pepe exclaim - pepe ( 0.s. ) the desk be go too ! int . upstair hall - tepeji 21 - afternoon cleo make it up to the hall and leave the luggage on the floor . the family have begin to take over the space - pepe sit next to paco who be already in front of the television . senora sofia and we will have other adventure . and we will travel a lot . paco we will go to dinseyland ? 133. continued : tofio put stuff away in a drawer in he room and sofi go to she room to grab a doll . sefiora sofia go to cleo , take one of the bag and put it in she room -— senora sofia we do not have enough money ... cleo take the other bag to tofio and paco 's room . tofio come out and sit in the armchair in front of the television . senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) but we can go on adventure in the car . what if we go to a ghost mining town in the desert ? pepe and there 's ghost ? paco get up , follow he mother into she room — paco no , silly . that 's what you call town that be abandon . and what 's over there ? cleo come out of tofio 's room carry a load of laundry and drop it next to the stair . sefiora sofia come out of she room follow by paco . the phone ring . senora sofia nothing . just the town and the abandon mine . or we could go to the lacandon jungle , or oaxaca ... sofi oaxaca , yes ! and we could visit cleo 's village . sefiora sofia come back to the hall and sit in the couch next to pepe and sofi who take up the other spot . paco I be there . sofi finder keeper ... cleo pick up ... 134 . continued : cleo hello ? yes , thank you mar ’am ... yes just a moment ... she lower the phone and call out - cleo ( cont 'd ) sefiora sofi ? it 's sefiora Molly call . sefiora sofia get up , calming the child - senora sofia do not fight . you sit here , paco . she go up to the phone - senora sof{a ( cont 'd ) hello , comadre . how be you ? I be just back from tuxpan ... cleo gather the dirty laundry into a pile . pepe call from the couch - pepe cleo ? can you bring I a banana milkshake ? sofi I too ? cleo pick up the pile of clothes - cleo sure . just lemme take this clothes up to wash . do you want something , paco ? paco any gansitos ? cleo I be not sure , but if not , I will go get some later . cleo start to go down the stair . sefiora sofia continue she phone conversation - senora sofia yes , it be wonderful ... yes , the kid be all right ... no ... lovely ! uee. good ... ( more ) 135 . senora sofia ( cont 'd ) well paco and sofi scared the live daylight out of I ... int - downstair - tepeji 21 - afternoon cleo go down the stair carry she pile of clothes , the family conversation and television filter down from upstairs . as she reach downstairs , she cross the empty hallway and the breakfast room . she go into the kitchen and out the back . ext . - SMALL patio - tepeji 21 - afternoon the patio , in shadow now , float in the afternoon quiet . borras sleep and the parakeet be quiet . only the hum of the city in the distance . cleo come out of the kitchen carry she load of dirty laundry and cross the tiny patio to go up the metal staircase that lead to the roof . her step reverberate throughout the bony structure in a metallic moan that echoe through the tiny patio , waking the cage bird . cleo reach the step in front of she room and keep walk upwards . a sweet potato vendor let out he sad howl in the distance . step by step , cleo ascend . yet further up , beyond the roof , the sky be pure . pietrasanta , September 23 , 2016 .