blank computer screen as a legal brief be begin ... rapid type ... credit ... a man ( roman ) start voice text when '' statement of the case '' be reach ... case no. 00-001 supreme court of absolute universal law ( Los Angeles division ) roman J. israel , esq . petitioner vv. himself defendant notice to permanently disbar Roman J. Israel esq . from the California bar and human Race for be a fock hypocrite and turn his back on everything he ever claim to actually stand for . statement of the case 1 . for 26 year defendant / plaintiff have be in employ in the Law Office of william henry jackson , a two person , criminal defense firm in the city of Los Angeles . during that time , defendant / plaintiff 's duty center on draft brief , motion and pleading , thereby allow principal partner William Jackson to focus on court appearance . this work relationship be disrupt three week ago , initiate a chain of event lead to the gross moral , ethical and criminal misconduct of roman J. israel , esq and form the basis for the above- mention notice for immediate and summary judgement ... fade to black silence ...v.o. and type bleed away as frame fill with book shelve all 400 volume of california legal code ... wall line with bound appellate ruling ... law review ... court digest ... hundred of post it note stick to gold - lettere binding and wider to show a law office conference room now be use for what appear to be storage ... row of over - flow filing cabinet ... box fill with document and brief ... and there , in the center of the room , in a pool of lamp light , he back to a dusty window and 10 - story view of the L.A. aquaduct sit roman J. israel esq . glass ... mustache and beard ... gray afro ... sweater vest over a belly ... hunch over a PC ... sleeve roll as he speed - type with two finger ... roman use no note or reference as we hear he voice over of what he write ... roman ( v.o. ) ...- defendant Anthony dowd be charge with viloation of cpc 374.962 , burglary in the first degree , cpc 374.962 provide , in relevant part : a person commit the crime of burglary in the first degree if the person violate cpc 374.962 , burglary in the second degree , and the building be a dwelling . '' dwell , '' for purpose of cpc 374.962 , be define at cpc 248.715 as a building which '' regularly or intermittently be -- his flip phone ring ... '' work to do '' tone ... answer ... roman hello ... hey. ( beat ) they do not fall off , you cut it off . ( beat ) it 's a big difference . ( beat ) because that 's a violation . ( beat ) you can not tape it back around you ankle . ( beat ) oh they be definitely on they way . ( beat ) ( more ) roman ( cont 'd ) I can not advise you to flush drug down the toilet . ( beat ) I hear bang . ( beat ) well open it before they kick it in . ( beat ) hello ?... hello ? roman hang up ... pull a doughnut from a old , bulg legal case ... eat and CUT to william henry jackson 's empty office jackson 's 50 - year career trace in photo on wood panel wall ... from young black lawyer in the 1960s to a vigorous 85 - year old with black activist and politicos ... trademark pin - stripe suit with match tie and pocket square ... a big porcelain bulldog stand by he impose desk and chair as roman enter ... set a brief on jackson 's desk and CUT to reception area decorate with degree and award ... clock clikce 9:20 ... vernita ( 75 , long time receptionist ) be on the phone as roman leave jackson be office ... return to he back room .. vernita / on phone ... no ... dear Jesus ... ( remove she glass ) ... when ?... oh God ... ( find a pen ) ..- where do they take he ?... which one ? ( cupping the phone , call ) Roman ! roman down the hall ... turn ... vernita William 's have a heart attack ! outside he building ! he 's at m.l.k .! roman be it serious ? vernita of course it 's serious ! he 's at the emergency room ! call the hospital and see what you can learn ! william henry jackson' office Minutes later ... vernita , coat and hat , gather some document from William 's desk ... roman pace ... roman you know what to do ? i’1l tell you what to do . i’1l tell you right now . there 's only one thing . get kibby , he can cover . vernita kibby retire . roman when ? vernita year ago . now listen Roman , William have a full day today , you have to fill for he . tell the client and prosecutor and judge what 's go on . roman okay . vernita get continuance . roman get it . vernita just continuance . roman I be quite certain I know what to do . vernita I type up he day . on my desk . dear lord . vernita hurry out ... roman regards the bulldog and CUT to downtown los angele as roman come into view ... shot from below he 's tower ... tall as the building ...60s r&b song hear ... roman wear a wrinkle jacket and wide tie ... headphone ... lug he old , bulg legal case with a name plate read roman J. israel esq . roman approach the shortridge folt criminal court ... remove he headphone ... music end as roman enter the courthouse lobby and join a line to go through the metal detector ... roman take in detail ... off - duty cop and detective here to testify ... defendant and family member ... 5 . button-down lawyer ... bailiff with gun ... roman empty he pocket into a bin ... take a old ipod from he legal case ... roman ( to the bailif ) I do not want my ipod to go through the machine . before you say it will not hurt it I have over 8000 song here . the last time it go through I notice distortion in the bass range of '' Big Love , small heartache . '' bailiff everything get scan . roman reluctantly place he ipod into the tray and CUT to courtroom hallway roman exit a crowded elevator into a busy hall ... join people ( black and hispanic ) enter a courtroom ... woman bailiff phone off . all phone off . roman note she 's black , middle - age , not unattractive ... roman where 's the court for white people ? woman bailiff not return roman 's smile and CUT to courtroom Court not yet in session ... lawyer sign in on a clipboard of the day 's busy docket ... two assistant district attorney at a big table cover by numbered folder ... roman sign in ... address one of the a.d.a.s ... roman what do you have on number 32 ? langston Bailey ? a.d.a . ( pull a file ) this say William Jackson 's he lawyer . roman mister Jackson have a heart attack this morning . I be Roman Israel , he partner . a.d.a . I do not know Jackson have a partner . roman I do not have patience for the butchery that occur here , mister Jackson do . a.d.a . you want a continuance ? roman regards he ... look around the court ... conflict «++. unable to not dip a toe in ... roman what bail be you offer ? a.d.a . no bail . he plea the top count , I ’‘1l tell the judge and request the minimum . five - to-seven . he 's face 15 at trial . roman for a 17 - year- old on a break and enter ? Jesus let 's just get it over with and kill he . a.d.a . that 's the offer , do what you gotta do . roman he 's not take a top plea , hell you be already over - charge he . let 's talk mitigating circumstance . a.d.a . he be catch wear a t-shirt with a gang symbol . roman like the flag pin on you lapel ? a.d.a . five - to-seven , that 's as low as the people will go . roman people ? what people ? there 's no people , there 's just you make a bullshit , career - climb offer . a.d.a . present it to you client . roman his name 's langston . he 's a high school junior in good stand , play on the soccer team , all despite he father be in jail and he mother in drug treatment . ( more ) roman ( cont 'd ) due to a legion of force beyond he control he join a gang for acceptance , safety , family . he have a single prior , minor offense . each of we be more than the worst thing we have do . a.d.a . deep bow . please . roman we firm fight civil rights case , we criminal work be what fund it actually . so I will give you a head up , I be warning you in advance , without a more equitable offer I ’1ll bring a motion to dismiss evidence seize during the illegal search of the vehicle , a motion to suppress he statement on grounds it be coerce , a motion for damage for warrantless entry and a motion to withdraw the plea on he prior charge on the basis of cpc 458 - 464 , failure to properly instruct the jury regard intent . a.d.a . talk to you client . my conviction rate 's a 100 percent . courthouse lockup remove from public view ... barely light ... bleak ... over a hundred jump -suite prisoner milling in open pen as camera find roman in a row of booth ... bar separate lawyer and client ... roman face langston bailey ( 17 , terrify ) ... langston five-to-seven ? I think I be go to juvey . I want to talk to mister Jackson . roman he 's in the hospital . langston when 's he come back ? roman I wish I know that . langston I want a new lawyer . I want to switch . I have the right . roman yes you do , and I understand that , but know this : William 's the one who come to court but he come to I for legal guidance . you be be over - charge to force you to accept a plea . to keep thing move they aim to punish you for even ask for you day in court . it 's a volume business with guard get overtime and private company own the prison . that 's fact . now if you say fight we will fight , but if you decide to take it to trial and lose they 'il slam you with 15 year , and they rarely lose . langston ... reality hit ... break ... roman I be sorry . roman reach through the bar ... hand on he shoulder as guard no contact ! roman withdraw he hand and CUT to court house hallway roman exit another elevator ... jaw set ... check jackson 's type schedule ... enter another busy courtroom and CUT to a preliminary hearing in progress ... roman sit with a defendant ( a latino man , 40s ) ... court officer address the court ... court officer this be a preliminary hearing on the case of people of the State of California versus wilmer carlos ramirerz , case number a649725 . counsel will please state you name . assistant district attorney people be represent by Michael wesley . roman Roman J. Israel esquire on behalf of mister ramirez . judge mister Israel , I 'il grant a continuance give lead counsel 's medical emergency . roman no I believe I have like to dive right in . judge proceed . prosecutor you honor , people request indictment against mister wilmer carlos ramirez on three count of violate Health and Safety code section 11351 , poessession of powder cocain for sale . mister ramirez be observe and film make three drug sale to undercover officer . mister ramirez make a confession to detective that he support himself sell drug . roman objection , motion to strike . Mr. ramirez be tell he be not under arrest and interrogate without benefit of a miranda warning , yet he be refuse use of a bathroom . violation of civil rights . a.d.a . it be not a interrogation it be a interview . judge overrule . roman if a cop haul you in and say you can not use a bathroom you be be detain . judge we be move on . roman what be he suppose to do ? soil himself to prove he feel trap ? judge you can wait to address this at trial . roman we have a real honest - to - God problem with this case and it 's serious enough that -- judge mister Roman do you hear what I say ? 10 . roman if the armed guard in this courtroom refuse you request to relieve yourself you would by any definition be detain . good for the goose , good for the gander . judge I be go to hold you in contempt if you continue to pursue this . roman you be ask I to obey a erroneus court decision . you tell I to wait . in my experience wait mean never . judge okay . I find you in contempt . do you have anything to add before I set fine ? roman stand , clear he throat and a car honk as roman cross a night - time downtown STREET ... lug he legal case ... reach a graffity bus-stop ... dial he cell ... vernita / over phone I have be try to call you . Roman , you be fine for contempt today . roman I be filing a appeal . vernita / over phone five thousand dollar ? roman I would not trust a lawyer who do not get complaint from the prosecutor or the court . who say that ? William . vernita / over phone I could always count on you to say the utterly inappropriate thing . I be with Lynn now . she 's very upset about it . roman what about William ? vernita / over phone it 's not good . roman I be on my way to the hospital . 11 . vernita / over phone do not , they be busy run test . roman I be come to see he . vernita / over phone he 's not in he room . Lynn say we will talk about it all tomorrow . good night , Roman . roman hang up ... lose for a beat ... find he compass .+. dial he cell ... roman it 's Roman , I can meet you tonight ... este noche , si ... yes , half a hour .. a.'s skid row be a dark canyon line with tent and tarp ... a teeming purgatory for thousand who have veer off the rail as ... roman come down the sidewalk with he legal case ... trash can fire reflect in he glass and CUT to corn field stalk sway in a night breeze as camera find ... roman sit on a overturn shopping cart ... read a brief flashlight and widen to show a community garden tucked in the glow of downtown ... roman with a group of organizer ... one translate to Spanish as roman speak roman the condemnation order have a clause that allow the city to resell the property for non- public use within two year of the sale . this clause be add in a close door session . I will file a brief challenging the condemnation order cite due process and lack of transparency . organizer regard he ... unsure ... roman this will stop the eviction until it 's resolve . it 's far from over . smile ... thank yous and CUT to 12 . downtown STREET gritty give way to gentrification ... derelict building sandwich between massive , upscale construction project as roman enter a run-down tenement border a busy , flood - light build site ... Foundation be pour and CUT to tenement foyer roman fish several bill from he mailbox ... start up the stair and CUT to roman' apartment be two threadbare room ... cramme with everything that take the place of family ... 1000s of book ... vast record collection ... wall cover with eclectic photo , include a photograph of a 1960S civil rights protest show college - age roman stand above a crowd ... speak into a bullhorn ... construction sound hear as ... roman look out the window and a crane swing by ... roman dial he cell ... roman / into phone yes , my name be Roman J. Israel esquire . I be report a construction - noise violation at 560 South gladys . City regulation 5612 prohibit construction or repair of any kind between the hour of 7 pm and 7 am the follow day . a record needle drop and a r&b song play as we see roman 's night ... roman stand over the sink eat dinner ... roman try to work ... distract by construction noise ... roman take a trash bag out a back apartment door ... roman go down a back stairwell to a alley roman put the trash in a bin ... regard the construction site up close .... return inside and CUT to roman' apartment 13 . roman call in another complaint ... r&b tempo increase as roman try to read a law book ... roman make a angrier call ... roman in a recline chair ... noise stop ... pull a comforter over himself ... turn off the light and CUT to law office Dust mote float in morning light ... roman in he back room «+. type a brief as vernita stick she head in ... vernita Lynn 's arrive . she have like to see you william henry jackson' office lynn jackson be william henry 's niece ... professional , proud +. she sit with GEORGE patel ... 30 ... slick and savvy «+. pure self - interest ... neither stand as roman enter ... lynn hello Roman . this be George Patel . GEORGE Nice to meet you . roman do not shake he hand ... sit ... pour a water ... lynn the doctor have conclude that William be in a permanent , vegetative state . roman he will surprise ‘em . lynn well we have like to believe that , but not this time . roman you get a second opinion . lynn he 's have three . William 's directive give I financial and medical power of attorney . if the firm be stable we have have time to mourn but it 's not and we do not . ( more ) 14 . lynn ( cont 'd ) William 's directive ask use George in the event of incapacitation and George have generously offer to take time from he busy practice to sort through the remain case , help close the office and collect what 's due . roman I probably have not have time to consider all the various ramification of this . lynn none of we have . roman I can not live on my accolade . GEORGE Lynn be hope to give you and the receptionist a severance , however look over the book it do not seem possible . roman in free-fall ... grasp on the way down ... roman I will take over . lynn you be not capable of continue the practice . GEORGE on you contempt fine we can argue extreme emotional distress , hope for a reduction . roman in the architecture of this firm I 'ma pillar . lynn and I ' would hope to reward you for that . roman hope do not get the job do . lynn what do that mean ? roman I be say you give a damn give out . lynn be it ego or delusion ? honestly I never pay enough attention to you . ( more ) 15 . lynn ( cont 'd ) this place have be more of a charity service than a law firm , it 's run a deficit for year . we , he family , can not afford it anymore . we want to clear the book . we be hand this off to George . lynn leave ... GEORGE take a call about a case and CUT to roman 's back office as GEORGE enter behind roman ... GEORGE ( obligatory , as he 's texting ) sorry man , I feel for you . GEORGE glance up ... stop as he take in the scale of legal clutter ... GEORGE be this where the bulldog do he work ? roman sit , future loom as ... GEORGE regards the hundred of post - it note plaster the law book ... each one fill with fine , careful handwrite ... GEORGE what a mind . he be great in the seat and great on he foot . Jesus do not he ever throw anything away ? roman silent ... GEORGE my secretary 's gonna call . she 'il be point on this . what do you use , legal pro? quicken ? ( no response ) hey I be you friend here . roman find a small plastic box ... remove filing card ... GEORGE what 's that ? roman status of all motion , deposition , investigation , conference . GEORGE on card ? you be kid . roman I be not help you fast plea this to get a fee . GEORGE at 16 . GEORGE I be in court every day , I fight for my client . roman you be a low - fly bee . GEORGE be that what William say about I ? roman William never mention you . GEORGE so what 's that about ? roman record fact . ( the room ) every case organize and available . GEORGE ( head out ) I do not have time for this . my office will call to coordinate go forward . roman let 's watch he now . Young George . State of California V jay angelo Fisher . one of he early case . the door ... turn ... roman Fisher 's first offense . could have be reduce to a misdemeanor with precedent and persistence but you plead he out to felony conspiracy and posession . that become you M. o. take a retainer , waive cleint 's right to pre-lim then dump they on public defender when they complain . GEORGE what ? you work Fisher ? his appeal ? roman I remember read the record . GEORGE that be seven year ago . roman right . 17 . GEORGE you be say you know that from memory ? roman I be quite confident of my recollection . roman pull a clip - on tie from he case ... put it on ... GEORGE my win-loss record be above 90 percent . roman false and misleading . that 's only if you include you three year as a prosecutor . GEORGE William think highly enough to bring I in if something happen . roman believe I I be gonna find out why . GEORGE what exactly be it you do here ? roman tug he jacket on inside out ... stride out as GEORGE look at roman 's filing card ... same write on the 100s of post - it note ... regards the room 's legal clutter and CUT to a tesla silently accelerate from a curb ... speed - dial hear as inside the moving car GEORGE talk to a law partner on speaker ... GEORGE I want to bring someone in . law partner / over phone you ask I or tell I ? GEORGE Jackson have a guy draft all he memoranda , pay he 500 a week . we could bill he out that much a hour . GEORGE see roman walk down the sidewalk lug he legal case ... headphone on ... 18 . GEORGE call you back . GEORGE glide up beside roman ... power he window ... GEORGE where you go ? roman m.l.k. GEORGE in 1l give you a ride . roman I have rather walk . GEORGE c'mon , let I take you . I just want to talk . inside the moving tesla as roman settles into luxury ... city noise go ... roman be riding in a oasis of comfort , calm ... alien sensation ... GEORGE William teach a term at Cal . that 's where we meet . I be top of my class . roman potential 's a bitch . GEORGE I ' 11 tell you what 's not . have four office and 30 people work for you . burst of speed ... GEORGE accelerate through a light ... GEORGE William pick I because I toss he work , loser case I do not want or be too busy to handle . this , close he office , be payback . i’1l collect a fee . so last night I get the call from Lynn , and I know who she be but why be it no one 's ever mention anything about you ? roman regard the display ... leather ... burl wood ... GEORGE as it happen I can use someone with you ability and power of persuasive argument . I will pay you twice what he give you . 19 . roman what make you different from this car ? GEORGE okay , I be gonna tell you something I think may both surprise and disappoint you . I get a kickback from William for every single case I give he . roman bullshit . GEORGE I have the record . apparently you have be untouched by the messy business of run a small criminal defense firm . be it wrong ? on some level sure . do it diminish what he do ? Hell no . it allow he to keep the door open , keep you two go . roman clutching he legal case ... universe off its axis ... GEORGE to this day I remember quote from he class . that voice . '' what be tolerance ? it be the consequence of humanity . we be all form of frailty and error ; let we pardon reciprocally each other 's folly -- that be the first law of nature . '' so let 's forget the past and move forward . roman pull over . GEORGE angle to the curb ... roman get out ... roman I be not work for you . GEORGE what be you gonna do ? roman I will continue in criminal litigation . GEORGE bitch of a market , particularly at you age . what if you can not find something ? roman what ? 20 . GEORGE for argument 's sake . if you can not find a firm to take you on . what 's next ? roman what do you mean '' argument 's sake ? '' underwear model or activist attorney , there be no next . roman don he headphone ... stride away and CUT to martin luther king hospital roman lug he legal case ... stop at a flower stand ... pick a small bouquet ... uncrumple some bill and CUT to hospital hallway as roman check room number ... enter william henry jackson 's hospital room fill with elaborate floral arrangement ... a unmove figure in bed we never fully see ... monitor beep ... roman set he unimpressive bouquet in a small water glass ... stand over the bed and close on roman' hand reach for william be ... grasp and CUT to roman' apartment roman eat dinner over he sink ... record play ... roman at he desk ... go through bill and CUT to outside roman 's apartment welding spark shower through the night as ... the first I - beam rise from the construction site ... foundation finish and dissolve to the construction site beside roman 's build now rise several storey ... network of steel girder glisten in the sun ... two week have passed as we hear the warning beep of a back - up bulldozer and roman 21 . exit he tenement ... carry he legal case ... wear he wrinkle jacket and clip- on tie ... small against busy , bustling L.A. and CUT to the national COALITION for civil rights occupies a soar space in a abandon office building ... young activist work at card table ... mural on wall ... sleep bag in corner as camera find roman sitting between two column , eat something as he wait ... young man / jeff mister Israel ? roman yes . that 's I . I be he . maya huston be in she 40s ... commit ... intelligent ... she watch , unsure , as roman sit in she office overlook the main room +.. young man / jeff in the doorway throughout ... maya sorry to make you wait . I usually work off schedule appointment . roman I drank a soda and have a pretzel from out there . maya that 's fine . you tell Jeff you work for William Henry Jackson . roman 26 - and -a-half year . we be partner . he be the firm 's public face and I be the man behind the curtain so to speak . maya how be he ? roman unconscious . several week now . maya I be sorry to hear that . 22. roman I have no safeguard against unemployment . so. William and Ronald be friend and associate , go back to Berkeley . maya I be aware . ronnie mention William in he book . roman I would like to speak with he . maya ron 's in Washington at we headquarters . be there something I can help you with ? roman first , notwithstand , I doubt I 'il be able to do this much longer , progressiver lawyer . I be not accustom without William . you see the criminal side of we practice fund we legal and policy challenge , as in defendant 's rights , prison condition , draft attack on state and federal criminal code . if I be freed of criminal work I could return to my root , the bigger battle , organize mass action support by sweeping legal challenge . with my skill and experience I be quite confident I could bring this organization right back in line with its core belief . maya I be not aware we would stray . roman I be not talk about nickel - and -dime reformism , I be speak of ignite sustained mass movement support by rule change and injunctive relief and aggregate result use class action tactic . I be take about a return to use activist litigation creatively , defensively and counter - offensively . maya I be proud of what we have do . I think we be make significant headway in many area . roman that 's just a excuse to feel better and slack off . 23 . jeff who 's slack off ? maya shoot jeff a look ... roman hand maya he resume roman I attend western State College of Law at argosy University in fullerton . I start the first student union there . get my degree I choose cause over ambition . I could have join a big firm , seduce like the rest of they , but I be inspire by mister Jackson and go to work for he . we civil rights victory be all detailed right there . as for my personal life , at a certain point I have to decide whether to have a family or a career , I could not have both , so I stay on the front line and I be offer now , at this time in my life , to work exclusively as you long -haul , three - dimensional , revolutionary , in - house , full - time pay legal advocate . maya mister Israel , we be all volunteer here . we few salary staff work at the national headquarters in Washington . roman I would go to interview but be preclude for pecuniary reason . money of late have become a motivate factor in my life . maya be that as it may the position 's fill . as for nickel and dime reformism , there 's be a shift in tactic away from the idea of some ultimate , mass victory . we focus now be challenging the everyday impact of racialization and oppression and apply they to individual action . roman I be worth have in this thing . maya I have no doubt of that . roman because there be something to be fire up about . maya we be , believe I . 24 . roman I will keep go through William 's rolodex then , thank you for take the time . maya if you have like to volunteer we have a meeting next week . we could use someone with you legal expertise to give a talk . roman I would like that . here 's my card , I cross off my old office address and write in my home , that 's if you contact I via mail . maya I nil probably just text you . roman I know how to do that . good day . roman lift he legal case ... leave ... jeff what a freak . maya you stand on he shoulder . downtown diner roman eat a piece of pie ... find a discard magazine .-. look through glossy ad and page ... stop at a photo of a idyllic , beach -front shop ... to the counterman ... roman more coffee please . counterman 50 cent . roman never mind . counterman you can not charge you phone like that . roman lean over the counter ... unplug he phone and CUT to L.A. live entertainment complex lighting the night as ... roman pass .+. observe couple and family ... pause to look into a 25 . restaurant fill to the door ... hurried valet parking luxury vehicle ++. one bump into roman as he stop to regard a half -million - dollar sport car and CUT to downtown bust stop night ... roman on a bench ... hold he legal case like a anchor ... headphone on ... r&b song play as ... the music stop ... roman remove the dead battery and CUT to roman 's tenement roman fishing a lone piece of mail from he box and CUT to roman' apartment roman stare at the open letter ... notify of a rent increase as ... he phone ring ... roman hello ... I remember , for car-jack . ( harden ) William and I spend month get you off . ( beat ) the same charge ? ( beat ) well maybe you deserve to be in jail . ( beat ) no I will not take you case . ( beat ) because I do not have the time or resource and you repeater piss I the hell off . ( beat ) do I a favor and lose my number . roman hang up ... kill the light ... goe to he chair ... recline in the dark ... crane shadow arcing across the wall and CUT to a downtown office tower lit by morning sun as camera ascend ... look into floor of activity ... various companie ... settling on roman unpack he legal case in a cell - like space and CUT to 26 . roman' office be barren save for a deask , chair , dusty plant and a frame poster - size company logo of a hammer and gavel and the word law office of GEORGE A. patel you have rights we protect they roman sit ... stare out the window ... like a cage animal and CUT to GEORGE patel 's office GEORGE at he big desk sit with florence ellerbee ... 5as .+. uneasy ... skeptical ... eyeing roman as he enter ... GEORGE Florence , this be Roman Israel , he ’1ll be work closely with I on this . Roman 's a terrific attorney and we be very very lucky to have he . florence hi . roman hello . GEORGE florence 's nephew , darrell , be arrest two day ago in connection with a armed robbery during which a clerk be kill . darrell 's be charge with assault , kidnap and first degree murder . florence it be he friend who be there with he , it be not darrell . darrell do not know he be go in to do anything like that . GEORGE of course , and we completely understand . the way it will work move forward be Roman will be the point person on this . you be very wise to retain private counsel , Florence . darrell 's only go to get one chance with this . law firm roman walk florence out through a warren of busy office 27 . florence I have to mortgage my house . roman I be sorry . florence I do not like lawyer . roman I understand . florence if I do not get answer to my question , if I do not get result , if I see padded shit pop up on my bill I x11 fire you ass . I be put up my house . you always dress like that ? roman in lieu of a wardrobe I have a reputation as a devote advocate . this be my card . call I anytime , any question , concern , no charge , we be in this together . it 's not the cross out number , it 's the new number that 's write in here . florence what 's esquire mean ? roman it 's a professional designation in the legal arena . also a title of dignity , above gentleman and below knight . i’11l talk to we investigator and visit darrell tomorrow . i’1ll call you after . florence pocket the card ... leave ... roman return to he office and be just sit down when he phone ring and CUT to george' office as roman re-enter to find GEORGE with a asian man ... GEORGE Roman , I have like to meet James Lee . Jim , this be Roman Israel , he ’1ll be work closely with I on this . Roman 's a terrific attorney and we be very very lucky to have he . 28 . jim hi. roman hello . GEORGE Jim 's wife , mari , be cite for felony DUI hit-and - run last night with add charge for reckless drive and injury . the way this will work , Jim , be Roman 's go to be the point person on this . you be smart to get private counsel . you wife 's only go to get one chance with this . later roman walkin a hispanic man through the office ... hand he he card ... point out the phone number change and ... later roman in he office ... type fast as ... a paralegal carry in more case file ... phone ringing and ... later roman with fritz molinar ... retire l.a.p.d. detective ... current private investigator ... go over a file ... fritz ... it 's at that point , per the night manager , that darrell 's friend , Carter Johnson , shoot the clerk twice in the head . they empty the register , roughly 500 dollar , and run to the alley where darrell be catch and Johnson escape . Johnson 's a shot -caller with the rollin 's 100 . he 's get four outstanding warrent , include two for prior shooting . you boy darrell -- roman do not use boy . fritz you client 's see enter the store on the outside camera but the inside video be not work . the armenian Business Council 's put up a $ 100,000 reward for Johnson 's arrest , for the clerk who be armenian . there 's report of a transient hispanic who be inside but good luck with that . ( more ) 29 . fritz ( cont 'd ) you client , darrell , have two prior go back four year , one for drug possession , marijuana , and one for theft , some tire , report attach . later roman be in the firm kitchen ... eat cookie as ... two lawyer ( novak , 5as and connor , 20 ) enter ... go to the refrigerator ... remove drink ... connor I have a domestic violence case . this guy assault the same woman six time and she 's swear out a affidavit for non - prosecution . novak do you hear about Tempura House ? connor no what 's that ? novak a shelter for lightly batter woman . roman that 's funny . novak and connor look over ... leave with they drink ... roman hit the light and they run like roach . novak you work here ? roman as it happen I do . novak I be brett novak , supervise attorney . roman Roman J. Israel esquire . the new guy . novak do you compare we to roach ? roman there 's no tip-toeing sideways into this . connor we be just blow off steam . 30 . roman you be tourist . roman take another cookie ... eat as he leave and CUT to office build lit against the night ... end of the work day as ... roman exit ... walk across the plaza ... headphone on ... do not hear GEORGE call he name ... catch up to he near a fountain ... GEORGE Roman . Jesus . I hear about you today in the kitchen . novak 's we number two . and that 's not all . school sanchez in a crowded elevator ? roman the man do not understand character evidence . GEORGE I send you a email to come to my office . roman people think they send a email it go straight to you brain . GEORGE this be a huge problem . you better take what I be say seriously because I be be very very fuck sincere with you . roman you know what you be get when you bring I in . GEORGE I think you be functional . roman I think you hire I , George , to hold you foot to the fire . because you be tired of treat low - income client like dollar sign and because just maybe you remember what it feel like to care . GEORGE I hire you to make a buck , which be why I think you take it . roman I need money , of course , badly , but what I need more be a ally . ( more ) 31 . roman ( cont 'd ) I be offer to partner with you on a piece of ground - break litigation I have work on for over twelve year now . roman hold up he old bulg legal case ... roman Inside be arguably the most important brief in american legal history , and I say that with due competence . this be a job for a legend or someone who want to become one . let I tell you about it . GEORGE no , Jesus . just stop . do you want this job or not ? yes or no . roman yes . GEORGE then stop harass people . from now on you stick to client and memoranda only . nothing else , under no condition . that 's it . anything else you run by I . and do not come in tomorrow without a suit . GEORGE walk off ... roman remain and CUT to roman 's closet be cramme with clutter ... meager selection of clothes ... roman pull a plastic storage bag ... unzipping it ... mothball roll out and ... menus central jail flourescent light ... incessant cacophony of cage men as roman be buzze through a door ... wear a 70 suit ... he approach two officer at reception ... slide he id ... roman Roman Israel to see derrell ellerbee . jail visiting room roman be seat as derrell ellerbee enter ... manacle ... guard shackle he foot to bolt in the floor ... leave ... roman I be Roman Israel , one of you lawyer . how be they treat you ? 32 . derrell silent ... chain foot tapping fast ... roman do you need anything ? derrell I need to get out of here . roman do you understand the charge ? derrell yeah they want to bury I . roman from here out everything we discuss be confidential . derrell I gotta be careful . roman have you be threaten ? derrell I do not shoot that guy , I just go in . I do not know what he be gonna do . roman you give a statement to the police . derrell I ask for a lawyer . roman Prior to that , after they read you you right , you continue to speak to the detective . i’1l demand the tape and transcript but they claim you say you know Carter Johnson have a gun . derrell not that he be gonna use it . roman enter the store know he have a gun will be argue as plan and abetting . that 's the criterion for first Degree murder . derrell cj shot the clerk . I see it . i’1l testify if they 's 1l let I out . 33 . roman they will not release you , the charge be too severe and the case be too strong . we could approach the da see what they have offer for you testimony . derrell probation . roman the best you could hope for be possible reduction to murder in the second degree . derrell I know where cj 's hole up . ( lean in , whisper ) plus testify . what 's that worth ? roman possibly a lot . the two combine could carry significant weight . you understand the risk ? what you be look at ? derrell I gotta be transfer to protective custody first . roman this be what you want to do ? derrell I do not want to but I will . georgeas office roman enter ... it 's empty ... roman take in the sweeping view of LA ... sit behind GEORGE 's impressive desk ... imagine a different life as ... georgeas assistant come in ... see roman ... the suit ... assistant no one 's suppose to be in here . who be you ? roman I be a attorney here . I need to speak with George about move on a case . assistant he 's in deposition all day . mister novak be supervise attorney in he absence . you 'il have to leave . novak' office 34 . door ajar ... novak on the phone ... roman can not bring himself to go in ... roman continue by ... walk through the busy law office roman aware he 's a object of derision ... leave laugh in he wake ... comment about he clothes ... roman enter he office and shut the door ... stung ... roman pace ... stare at the company poster of the hammer and gavel ... pull a file from a pile ... check the da 's number ... dial and ... woman / over phone hello . roman yes , I be Roman J. Israel esquire from the law office of George Patel . I represent derrell ellerbee . be kate becker there ? woman / over phone speak . roman my client , mister derrell ellerbee , be interested in discuss a deal . kate / over phone I have 40 open case , refresh I . roman convenience store shoot - a armenian clerk be kill . reward offer . kate / over phone I have it . roman the shooter 's a fugitive , Carter Johnson . my client may know he whereabouts . he might also be willing to testify . kate / over phone he 'il deliver on that ? roman well that depend . kate / over phone if you waive all objection and appeal and he agree to cooperate we will drop the assault and kidnap and reduce murder one to manslaughter , voluntary , 10 - to - 15 . 35 . roman involuntary . Three - to-five . kate / over phone a 21 - year- old clerk be kill in the commission of a robbery , will not happen . roman my client 's give you the whole case at great risk to himself , and let 's discuss the mitigating circumstance . kate / over phone let 's not . involuntary manslaughter . it 's a good deal . roman it 's a enema of sunshine . kate / over phone I do not have time for this . roman sorry for take a nano-second off you assembly - line , rubber-stamp existence . kate / over phone fuck you . people withdraw they offer . click ... roman stare at the phone and CUT to night - time LA reflected in the slow - flow LA river as camera find roman walk across a downtown LA bridge ... suit ... legal case ... headphone and CUT to downtown warehouse maya wait outside ... roman emerge from the darkness ... maya hey Roman , you can park closer in this lot over here . roman I do not have a car . maya that 's gotta be tough in LA . 36 . roman I have imagine life with one . maya thank you for do this . roman I welcome it . Public speak be something I be usually encourage to avoid . people head inside ... most be young ... multi-ethnic ... roman I nil just need a few moment to prepare . warehouse bathroom roman alone in the washroom ... regards himself in a stainless steel mirror and CUT to warehouse loft several dozen activist gathere ... maya before they ... maya in anticipation of Tuesday 's protest , we have invite attorney Roman Israel to speak tonight about you rights and what you can expect if you be arrest . roman ( go up , take the mike ) back to my beginning . it feel good . Hell that be 40 year ago . well we be gonna rap a while about some good old - fashioned , grass -root , in - your-face protest . you do not have to write any of this down because I find a bust - card from my student day and print some for you to carry into battle so to speak . last time I check to constitution 's still the same . can everyone hear I in the back ? silence ... roman look at you , just start you fight against the dominant tendency of we society . well all I can say be get ready for the commitment that come with a resistant lifestyle . start forging the armor to withstand the temptation and financial and emotional toll . ( more ) 37 . roman ( cont 'd ) because when it come to social injustice and judicial indifference and institutional racism and outright goddamn greed , let I tell you something the overwhelming majority of people do not care . roman read the room ... maya 's uncertainty ... refocus ... roman the difference between civil and uncivil disobedience . the first amendment protect you right to free speech so long as you do not incite violence or law - break . now there 's always that who will get catch up in a march and commit vandalism or violence ... excuse I , I see sister stand by the wall back there . no sister stand while brother sit . woman activist if we want to sit we be able to ask . roman you lady have to make yourself know . second woman activist this be not 40 year ago . roman there 's not statute of limitation for chivalry . third woman that 's gender and sexist . roman it 's polite . second woman it 's patronize . second activist what kind of law do you practice ? roman I be a criminal defense attorney . woman activist do you represent domestic violence defendant ? roman many time . 38 . woman activist know they be guilty ? roman meaning what ? woman activist meaning you have a choice . roman watch out , some day you may need the sixth amendment . woman activist that 's lawyer talk . roman oh-oh , we get a red-neck in the soul band . woman activist who be you call a red-neck , asshole ? roman you be talk refried confusion . woman activist fuck you ! room erupting ... maya quickly step in ... maya okay stop , let 's just settle down . thank you , Roman . Jeff will take it from here . roman freeze for a beat ... hand she the mike ... drift into the shadow and CUT to downtown STREET roman head home ... walk beside a busy thoroughfare as ... maya catch up ... fall in beside he ... maya Roman , I be so sorry . I have to apologize on they behalf . roman it 's my fault . I say thing . maya be you all right ? roman this be nothing . 39 . maya it be just get out of hand . roman my meaning seem to obfuscate more than clarify . maya the discourse have change over the year . it 's what we first talk about . roman you do . maya that 's a lot of what this be . roman I can not remove myself from what 's happen . maya it 's where we be now , the world . roman I do not even want to come out . the nun say I be a forcep baby . roman stop ... see a homeless man facedown before they ... maya oh god . roman crouch ... feel he wrist ... maya be he okay ? roman I can not feel anything . maya his neck . roman roll he ... feel he neck ... look at maya as «+ . a police car pull up ... two patrolmen step out ... patrolman # 1 what happen ? roman we just find he . he 's dead . roman search the man 's pocket ... empty ... 4 patrolman # 2 do not touch anything , step back . patrolman # 1 call it in as ... roman pull he card .. jot something ... tuck it in the homeless man 's pocket patrolman # 2 what have I tell you ? roman he have no id . patrolman # 2 what have you put in there ? roman my card . patrolman # 2 take it out . roman without id he will be cremate and mix with a thousand other . patrolman # 2 take it out . roman it 's my name and number for the coroner to contact I . patrolman # 1 do you hear my partner ? maya do as they say , Roman . roman I want to pay for the burial . I be make money now , what else be it good for ? patrolman # 2 I be not tell you again . patrolman close ... roman stand he ground by the body roman I be not let he just get swallow up . I be not let he just disappear , completely forget . because he most certainly be somebody . roman stop ... because the cop have stop ... because 0 . 41 . the body be suddenly rise ... homeless man pull a pint ... drink ... move off as ... the cop regard roman ... return to they car ... drive away and roman stand there ... maya stare at he . roman I be sorry . maya what be you talk about ? that be unfuck believable . roman I do not feel a pulse . maya no one do that . roman for good reason . maya 's cell ring ... answer ... maya I will be right there ( hang up ) listen I gotta get back . roman I gotta go too . maya but I be go to call you . roman you too . both move away ... roman re-crossing the bridge and CUT to patel law office roman enter he office ... next morning ... shut the door «+. see a stack of new case file as ... novak enter ... roman a knock would be appreciate . novak we get a big problem . georgeas office 42 . roman in a chair ... GEORGE before he ... novak watch ... GEORGE where do you get the idea you could try and negotiate a plea ? who tell you you could do that ? to just ignore what I emphatically fuck tell you . derrell ellerbee be stab and kill this morning in general lock -up . roman ... news hit hard ... GEORGE his aunt tell I derrell request protective custody last night but be delay because the prosecutor say you piss on she deal . that offer should by law have be present to the client , which it be not . so as of right now you have expose we to a malpractice suit I would kill to be on the other side of . you have have difficulty comprehend my meaning so I will be very clear . as much as I want to fire you I can not , as that could be construe as acknowledgement of wrong - do . so I be go to retain you until this matter 's resolve . if you attempt to quit or stop come in I ‘’1l hit you with a motion to recoup damage and have you disbarre . now go back to circle the drain . roman rise ... break but seem make of stone and CUT to office bathroom empty ... or appear so until ... we find roman hide in a stall ... he step out ... splashes water on he face and ... fritz molinar come in ... fritz Goodbye ellerbee , huh ? my source say it 's a gang thing , he fugitive friend hear he be flipping . roman processing ... leave and CUT to roman' office roman at he desk ... afternoon sun slant in ... he back to the window and the world and CUT to downtown LA 43. roman walk home at night ... end - of-day traffic and hustle .+. carry he legal case and CUT to skid row roman walk a dimly light stretch of tarp and garbage ... man v.o . there 's another motherfucker not from here . roman have he headphone one ... do not hear as a homeless man appear behind he ... follow ... dim become dark ... roman walk between street light ... homeless man what 's in the case ? homeless man grab roman from behind ... roman whoa ! homeless man give it to I . roman ( offer a piece of paper ) this be a meal ticket to the aliso Mission . homeless man you do not know where you be . roman I be here long before you I can tell you that . good evening . roman start off ... man darting in front of he ... homeless man give I the fuck case . roman under no circumstance . homeless man grab ... roman recoil and ... homeless man punch ... 44 , smashing roman 's face ... roman' glass fly ... roman stumbling ... roman help ! homeless man kick roman as he go down ... again ... roman assault ! homeless man try to pull the legal case from roman ... roman hold tight ... homeless man motherfucker ! homeless man pick up a brick ... beat roman with it ... roman murder ! blows landing ... roman try to cower ... head bleed ... homeless man rich son of bitch ! roman i'm the wrong guy ! homeless man crouching ... feel through roman 's pocket «+. grab he wallet ... ipod ... run off and roman tries to stand ... flat - back ... bloody ... clutching he legal case ... stare at the star and CUT to hospital emergency room roman in a clean , bright cubicle ... hold a towl to the back of he head as ... a nurse enter ... nurse be you Roman ? roman yes. nurse I have a few form for you to fill out . 45 . roman take a clipboard ... peer ... roman I can not see without my glass . nurse think I can find some that might work . just need to take you insurance card . HH roman here it be . roman hand she a card ... nurse this be out - of-network . roman okay . nurse you be not cover here . roman so that 's what 's happen . nurse regard he ... lift the towel to see the cut ... nurse do you have a headache ? any neck pain ? dizziness ? roman I be just tired . I believe I need a respite from all this , a opportunity to put it all down and just relax for one single moment and do nothing and not care but I always think no , there 's too many war to fight , too many colonnade to dismantle , do not waste time if it 's only about I . nurse do you know where you be ? roman I be in a six - foot , 190 - pound body . nurse you be in a hospital . roman I know that . 46 . nurse be you employ ? roman technically . nurse mister Israel , we have to treat you by law , you have that right , but you should know you will not qualify for discount care . you seem okay except for the laceration . you need stitches . in this set it could cost over a thousand dollar . at a clinic the price be as little as several hundred . you might want to look into different alternative . downtown clinic reception area ... cramped ... crowded ... roman hold a towel to the back of he head ... roman 's gaze go to a old man alone and ill and CUT to clinic treatment room doctor regard the cut on roman 's head ... clinic doctor you need maybe 15 - to - 20 stitches . you want a painkiller ? it 's 50 extra . roman I want it . clinic doctor some people complain when they see the bill . roman I will not complain . clinic reception area roman pay ... bandage on the back of he head and CUT to roman' apartment roman turn on the light ... it 's 2:42 in the morning but roman 47 . have never seem more awake ... empty he pocket ... some change ... place the clinic bill on a stack of other ... roman find a old pair of heavy black frame glass ... put they on ... survey he live space ... every utterly shabby and depress detail ... roman what ? roman spin ... as if he hear something ... roman what ? ! no response ... distant siren and CUT to mlk hospital at morning ... wail of a approach ambulance as ... roman appear ... not stop at the flower stand and CUT to william henry's hospital room be now grace by only a few , wilting bouquet ... beep from the machine very erratic ... vernita sit at he bedside as ... roman enter ... vernita well well . come over and sit . he ’1ll be glad you be here . roman he 's awake ? vernita no but I imagine somewhere he know . he be so very fond of you . roman he 's a lot worse . vernita it will not be long now . the last ripple of a might wave wash ashore here . roman and leave we high and dry . vernita he do not leave we . he ’1ll never leave we . roman I think it be all build on good ground but there 's nothing under it . all of he barrier be worthless . 48. vernita Roman , what 's wrong ? roman you be sit too close to he . you do not see . well it 's clear as crystal . vernita what ? roman we file the wrong brief . in the wrong court . to the wrong judge . vernita what be you talk about ? roman a world where everyone 's feel be reciprocate ? the capacity for everyone to contribute ? come on . freedom 's something you can only give yourself . vernita that 's nothing he agree with . roman I do not have another second to waste , tell people to not sleep so tight , try to turn thing around . toward what ? some glory of fantasy over the real world ? all I ever do be run around with too much to do , feel guilty all the time , flat break , it 's quite nearly kill I . vernita sit down . roman there 's no need anymore . the incapacity cease with the cause which produce it . vernita Roman , he can hear you . roman that 's what I come to say but he 's go . vernita what he fight for , what he take with he , that last forever . roman eroding as it be conceive . 49 , vernita what 's wrong with you ? roman do you know there 's a shop by the ocean that make maple glaze bacon doughnut ? people eat they under palm tree with the breeze blow and dolphin play . vernita all right sit down . roman I be gonna go there . I be gonna get I one . roman leave ... vernita go to the door and CUT to law office work day in full - swing as roman walk through ... utterly ignore ... a ghost and CUT to roman' office roman at he computer ... click he lone email ... open a office - wide message we're close early today friday , august 7 , in observance of tom hopkin 's birthday havea a relaxing & happy weekend ! roman delete the message ... get up ... stand in the corner ... stare at the case file on he desk ... gear turn ... roman go close ... hesitates ... charge beat as he open derrell 's file Police report ... preliminary motion ... roman pull the arrest record of carter johnson 50 . lengthy ... prior shooting ... robberies ... assault ... roman find a memoranda ... zeroing on a few isolate word ... armenian Business Council ... «+ . $ 100,000 reward ... roman stare ... world weigh in the balance and CUT to sunny downtown street roman walk into view ... stop at a abandon telephone booth and CUT to a old public telephone sign above a empty telephone stand ... roman head off and CUT to a pay phone almost camouflage against a vivid outdoor mural ... roman appear ... deposit a coin ... dial ... man / over telephone armenian chamber of commerce . roman yes , hello , I be call in reference to the reward for the decease store clerk . man / over telephone I be sorry ? roman I mean to say the shooter of the decease store clerk . earlier this week . the $ 100,000 reward for he arrest . man / over telephone hold on a sec . muzak beat before ... armenian man / over phone yes , can I help you ? roman I know where he be . who shot the clerk . armenian man / over phone I be ready . 51 . roman I be call for the reward . $ 100,000 . armenian man / over phone you know the name of the suspect ? roman Carter T. Johnson . armenian man / over phone we have have a lot of false lead . roman the man who do it be at a address . armenian man / over phone the clerk be my nephew . roman as it happen I be uncomfortable with identify myself . I have a mechanism to collect which protect who I be . armenian man / over phone you could just say where he be . Civic duty . Basic human dignity . roman this be a achievement for I , not a inherent state of my existence . I want it in cash , as soon as he 's arrest . armenian man / over phone can not do cash . too risky . roman I be the one take the risk . it have to be cash . that 's the only way . armenian man / over phone ... okay . Fine . I do not care who you be , I just want the fucker catch . the reward stand , information lead to a arrest . you want cash , I 'il do cash . roman as it happen non-action be not a viable option for I at this point . now then ... roman observe from across the street ... on the payphone ... traffic pass ... camera angle getting wider as the mountain ringing los angele be for the first time see and CUT to 52 . roman' office end of the work week ... roman stand on a chair ... peer furtively through the window above he door ... watch a office birthday party for one of the lawyer ... festivity wind down ... people head home for the weekend as roman get off the chair ... go to he phone ... dial ... woman / over phone LA County sheriff . roman custody check . woman / over phone one moment . ( beat ) what 's the name ? roman Carter Johnson . second woman / over phone ... Carter Thomas ? roman Johnson , that 's correct . second woman / over phone he 's in custody . picked up this afternoon . book into devonshire . roman thank you . roman hang up ... stand there ... start circle he office ... break into a mad , tight spiral and CUT to industrial STREET downtown tower glitter against the night as camera find roman cross a empty avenue ... he stop in a island of lamp light ... look around ... pull a roll of tape ... mark a dumpster with a large tape '' xx '' ... quickly retreate and later 53 . roman a silhouette ... press into a unlit alcove ... stare at the dumpster ... sense tune to every sound and movement ... pass truck ... plane ... stray dog as headlight appear ... sedan splash through a pothole ... drive by and ... brake light as the sedan back up ... stop behind the dumpster ... charge before a armenian man emerge ... regards the tape X ... reach in the car ... pull a backpack ... drop it inside and the man stands there ... lighting a cigarette ... climb back in the car ... drive off and ... time stop as roman emerge ... carefully cross the empty street ... retrieve the backpack ... feel its heft ... hurry off ... gair increase and CUT to roman' apartment as roman burst in ... lock the door ... set the backpack on he desk ... regard it before ... he unzip the flap ... peek inside and roman step back ... something inside he start to peck its way out ... a smile ... grin ... roman laugh and CUT to a STREET sweeper pass roman 's tenement ... spraying away grime ... leave a clean trail stretch back to a sunrise and CUT to roman emerging from he tenement in short ... t- shirt ... sandal «+. paper shopping bag roll under he arm and CUT to downtown subway stop roman with a weekend crowd of beach - goer in the cavernous station ... couple ... family ... excited child with inflate air mattress as 54 . a subway glide in ... roman catch up as the crowd pour aboard ... door close ... subway move on ... station empty and CUT to the subway speed through a tunnel and CUT to another subway station whoosh of air as the train pull in ... more beach-goer get on and CUT to moving subway roman in a pack car ... party vibe ... group of teens play compete music from portable speaker and CUT to subway tunnel roman stand at the front of the first car ... stare out the front window and roman 's Pov peer into the tunnel ... GREEN signal flash by as a dot of white light be seend ... brighter and brighter and the subway speed above ground ... brilliant SUN over la' westside ... palm tree ... broad boulevard ... and CUT to santa monica station Subway pull in ... pack car empty into the ocean - side air ... shimmer light ... cloudless as camera find roman squinting and smile and CUT to beach side bakery rack of fresh bread ... cookie ... cake and doughnut ... roman at the counter ... counterperson good morning . roman it be . I would like three of you maple - glaze bacon doughnut , please . 55 . counterperson something to drink ? roman yes . the hibiscus pomegranate cooler . roman open he paper bag and roman 's Pov Inside be a towel and packet of cash roman can you break a hundred ? counterperson of course . sand dune roman sit under the shade of a palm ... finish he third doughnut ... sip he iced tea ... stare out ata vast expanse of blue stretch to the horizon ... bright umbrella open across the sand ... gull circle and CUT to department store roman take a escalator to a man 's sportswear section ... search the rack ... salesman approach ... salesman can I help you ? roman yes , I need a bathing suit . fitting room roman emerge in a new , stylish bathing suit ... salesman that fit . roman look good too . salesman anything else today ? roman how about some sunglass . 56 . eyeglass section roman pick a pair of designer shade ... look at himself in the mirror ... see something in the reflection and roman turn ... regards a menus suit department and cut to three-mirrored pedestal roman in a expensive three - piece ... admire himself ... tailor fitting he ... finish ... tailor that 's the one . salesman arrive with a armload of shirt and tie ... tailor do we say sock ? roman please . how long will the suit take ? salesman when do you need they ? roman as soon as possible . salesman we can do tomorrow for a add charge . high -end beach HOTEL roman check in at the front desk ... hold shopping bag of clothes and CUT to HOTEL suite spacious ... ocean view ... roman put he money packet in a room safe ... lock it and CUT to beach thousand fill the wide strip of sand as we find roman thread through the throng ... reaching the shore ... surf cover he bare foot ... roman lay he hotel towel by a life guard station and CUT to roman 57 . up to he waist ... wave hit ... knock he down ... find he foot ... laughing at himself and CUT to mid -day roman walk the short ... eat a ice pop ... see a shell ... pockete it and CUT to HOTEL suite sunset through the balcony door ... roman shower and CUT to suite safe roman peel off hundre -dollar bill and CUT to HOTEL at night ... surf sweeping up designer light sand ... laughter and music filter from inside and CUT to HOTEL bar upscale ... crowded ... camera pan a buffet table laid with ham and beef and asparagus and lobster ... pass a large ice sculpture of a rear stag ... melting from the heat as we find roman sitting at the rail ... in he new clothes ... drike a daiquiri ... squeeze between several group as ... a man back into he man sorry . roman not a problem . woman he 's drunk . roman turn ... woman beside he ... middle - age ... money ... woman we be on the same board . weekend conference . 58 . roman I be on vacation . I have just recently discover that take a break give perspective . you see thing at a distance that you can not see up close . woman you have to do it . my husband and I leave the kid once a month and check into a hotel . roman my wife and I do the same . woman sometimes you gotta get away from the spouse as well , get some alone time . roman what 's that ? woman right ? man ( down the bar ) table 's ready . woman well have a nice night . later roman at the rail ... drink with some young businessmen ... young businessman be you firm look for any first - year ? because my roommate 's bring straight fire flame in he resume . roman have he consider public defense work ? the young businessmen laugh ... roman realize he make a joke «+. join in CUT to later roman drink and laugh with some tourist ... snippet overhear ... roman I win because I be suppose to win . hello . tourist laugh ... roman transformed and CUT to 59 . later roman be drunk ... pleasantly so ... toss several hundred on the bar ... move through the loud , crowded room ... bit of conversation -- it 's on a bluff with a four-story foyer and 200 - foot infinity pool . -- everything 's interruptive now . it 's not rocket science , it 's neuroscience . -- you drink this red root , trip you light out and wake up completely cure . roman 's HOTEL room roman in bed ... stare out the open balcony door ... ocean view ... soothing sound of surf and CUT to downtown los angele as we leave it ... bright ... hot ... hemmed - in as roman emerge from a subway stop ... arm load of clothes and suit bag and CUT to roman' apartment roman set the sea shell he find on he desk and CUT to closet roman hang up he new clothes ... return the unused money to the backpack ... regards the stack of cash and CUT to patel law office Monday morning ... firm in full , caffeine - fuel swing as roman arrive in he new suit ... sunglass ... walk through and ccut to roman' office roman take the ellerbee file ... shove it in a drawer as .+. he phone ring and CUT to georgeas office 60 . roman enter ... GEORGE behind he desk ... GEORGE come on in . sit down . roman I have rather stand . GEORGE sit. roman sit ... GEORGE that 's a very nice suit . roman thank you . GEORGE Lynn go to you apartment this weekend to speak with you but you be not there . roman I must have be out . GEORGE you do not know what I be talk about . roman you be fire I . GEORGE no . people become concerned after you go to the hospital Friday morning . after some discussion we decide it be best not to just leave a message on you phone . William die . roman when ? GEORGE Friday night actually . roman watch the world outside ... GEORGE I be sorry . roman you do not kill he . 61 . GEORGE there 's go to be a small , private funeral on Wednesday and then a full memorial in several week . roman be that it ? GEORGE I do not know what you be feel , I mean give how close you be . I guess maybe I can imagine . roman I put that behind I - GEORGE I be sorry for my outburst the other day . Lynn 's be tell I how vital you be to William 's work , always in the shadow , never flagging . it be insane to expect you to check all that at the door when you come here . GEORGE come around the desk ... GEORGE I have get Florence ellerbee to sign a document absolve we of any wrong -do in she nephew 's death , so that 's in the rear-view . I also learn today that we have pick up three new client , all of whom come as referral from you case . seem you personal attention , give out you cell number , be quite the call card . I want to institute the practice for all we attorney . look you can still leave of course , and I have fully understand , but if you want I think maybe there 's a place for you here , if we can work it out . if you have like to stay . roman I want to stay . GEORGE you would ? roman I be tired of do the impossible for the ungrateful . I now have more practical consideration . GEORGE well the suit 's a big change . 62 . roman I prefer a double breast over the single . GEORGE break open the piggy bank huh ? roman my lack of success be self - impose . firm coffee room novak and connor chat case ... laugh as ... roman enter ... pour coffee ... conversation continue ... roman we have a case once at my old firm . novak , connor turn ... roman it be a DUI . the arrest report read , '' number of drink : one . type of drink , coor Light . size of drink , bucket . '' get grin ... novak George claim you know the c.p.c by heart . roman guilty as charge connor pleadings . roman 948-973 connor dismissal for irregularity . roman 1248 connor money launder roman 186.9-186.10 , however all pleading under this section remain subject to the rule of joinder and severance in section 954 . 63 . novak fuck I , seriously ? connor listen I get a prop 36 I could use help with . roman we handle a lot of d.t.c motion . roman talk case law ... new demeanor and suit ... a happy animal in a healthy herd and CUT to downtown los angele roman walk through the night ... close to the CITY CENTER «+. pass a bright , just complete apartment high-rise roman stop to read a sign outside ... pegasus property rental now renting inquire inside mirrore elevator roman ascend with a woman realtor ... realtor where do you reside currently ? roman farther away . realtor if you live here you have be home by now . new apartment a two -bedroom on a high floor ... sweeping city view ... contemporary ... roman wander through ... take in the stage furnishings ... realtor watch ... realtor there 's very high demand . if you be interested it 's not a place I have advise walk away from . highrise gym 64 . roman stand in the new , huge empty gym ... rooftop pool roman regard the light pool ... high in the sky ... empty lounge and cabanas ... everything need except people ... realtor what do you think ? roman money have gravity , it draw thing to it . realtor I be sorry ? roman whatever we be chase it seem like you have catch it all here . realtor in a busy market not stand out be the same as be invisible . roman when can I move in ? realtor immediately . roman' apartment Music on the turntable ... roman busy box he many book as ... he phone ring ... roman hello . maya / over phone Roman it 's Maya . roman hi. maya / over phone how be you ? roman wonderful . maya / over phone I mean what I say last week about stay in touch . how 's the new job ? 65 . roman excellent . I be suggest a new slogan for the firm . '' you ring , we bring . '' maya / over phone that 's funny . roman it be not mean to be . maya / over phone oh . roman like fast food . maya / over phone I can not tell when you be joke or when you be serious . roman I have that effect . maya / over phone but you like the job ? roman I be write lengthy interrogatory , amend complaint , no social redeem quality or context . it 's awesome . maya / over phone ( laugh ) okay . I be actually call to see if you would like to have dinner . roman with you ? maya / over phone ( laugh ) I be so fuck confuse . roman I would like that . maya / over phone great . roman I could do tomorrow night . maya / over phone Works for I . 66 . roman' bathroom roman search he medicine cabinet ... find a pair of scissors and CUT to patel law office GEORGE lead a firm conference ... 20 lawyer at a large table ... roman with they ... beard and mustache trim ... GEORGE under the new fee structure , felony advance rise from two thousand to twenty - five hundred . the felony daily rise to fifteen-hundred from one . of course some people gag at the new number . what we be sell be we impressive win-loss record , depth of talent and lower all - in cost . take time to explain it . if a potential client 's head for the door , emphasize we new personalize approach . lastly I have decide to devote a share of we time to pro bono . it 's not a area we have much experience with but someone here do . it 's the first he 's hear about it but Roman will be head we new pro bono program . roman will this cut into my salary ? the room crack up ... roman in term of my billable hour ? more laugh ... roman serious ... sense he 's far remove ... roman of course . GEORGE connor will be assist you with this . I want to get move right away , it 's already in the new brochure . aerial look into the firm from outside ... roman in connor 's office ... the two play basketball with a small hoop on the wall ... roman enjoy himself immensely and CUT to downtown restaurant refined ... expensive ... roman and maya show to a table ... later 67 . maya I do not dress for this place . roman there 's no code . maya it 's just -- roman you do not like it . maya Roman this will be a fortune . roman we deserve it . roman and maya mid-meal ... maya I really hear what you say the first time you come in . how progressive lawyer be a cornerstone of modern activism , particularly in the long period we be hopefully come out of . you , the few lawyer like you , take up the mantle of leadership with you own advocacy . out there and alone . I feel like , I do not know , like I be mean to meet you . roman glance up from he meal ... maya I have be go through my own struggle you know , try to balance what I do and the sacrifice and so many time I think why do I see thing differently from other people ? why do I care ? that we humanity be connect to each other . I have moment , I mean extend period of real fuck doubt . like sometimes I be hold on by a thread . so hearing you and understanding and be aware what you go through , just know you , I mean honestly , Roman , you be inspiring . roman I have never have it before but I imagine duck l’orange to be something different . maya Jesus I be be serious . 68 . roman I be uncomfortable . maya you be modest . I be sorry . roman stop eat ... roman perhaps you have to try look at thing differently . maya how ? roman I mean the world be for wonderful thing , be not it ? maya define wonderful . roman okay , as a example , who say you can not steal a car in self - defense ? maya in reference to what ? roman if one require a mean of escape so to speak . maya escape from what ? roman from possibility to actuality . it follow . the logic be valid thus the premise be true . I mean every weapon be a tool if you hold it right . maya you be say to justify something ? roman I be say purity can not survive in this world . live condition have bear . maya I be talk about the burden of activism . roman exactly . 69 . maya what be you talk about ? roman my ear be ringing . maya that 's someone 's phone . roman aware she 's stare ... roman it 's a difficult thing to be truthful , not just to principle but to yourself . to admit you want something else and to act on it . maya I do not want anything else . I feel I be bless to believe in something . the way you do . roman reach for he wine ... drink ... spill some ... roman damn . roman see a stain on he tie ... roman this be brand new . roman wiping with water ... roman how the hell do you get this out ? outside the restaurant roman and maya emerge ... maya thank you for dinner , that be very generous . roman the portion be small . I be move to a new apartment in the next few day , after 25 year . maya you be go through a lot of change . 70 . roman I wake last night and take in the sight and sound and be worried I ’1ll miss it . maya you should hold off until you be sure . roman I sign a contract , it 's too late to go back . i’1l get a cab . maya I can walk . roman no i’1ll drop you off . moving cab roman stare out the window ... maya regards he and CUT to maya 's build roman come around and open she door ... maya thanks again . well . good night . maya start inside ... turn ... maya I just want you to know how much you have help I . by meeting you . what you do . maya kiss he ... go inside and CUT to roman' apartment record play ... roman take down photo from the wall «+. wrapping they in newspaper ... remove the shot of young roman with the bullhorn as roman regards himself ... sit on the floor ... shake by a deep , inner tremor and CUT to roman' closet roman bury the backpack of money under mound of clutter and CUT to 71 . los angele cemetery Broad , grassy expanse cramme with headstone and palm tree .-+. downtown in the bg ... small group gather on a hill as a cab arrive ... roman get out ... suit ... sunglass and CUT to graveside vernita , lynn , lynn 's husband and GEORGE with a old pastor as roman arrive ... vernita Roman ? goodness , I hardly recognize you . vernita bugging he ... stare ... roman pull away ... lynn it 's so good to see you , Roman . ( embrace he ) look at you , you look wonderful . roman I never put much emphasis on my personal administration . lynn 's husband hi Roman . GEORGE hey Roman . pastor come close ... smile ... pastor hello . roman I be Roman . pastor of course you be . roman I be not sure you remember . pastor we have meet . roman year ago . 72 . pastor you make a impression . William use to speak of you often . roman regards the casket hover over the hole ... pastor be we all here ? lynn yes. roman and the small group circle the grave ... pastor in brief silent prayer before ... pastor he live on grand notion . influence by unrealistic and impractical ideal . ina house tremble with promise and shout of triumph yet to come . implore and inspiring . a believer that the moral arc of the universe be long but bend toward justice . he ignite a spark in each and every one of we , a light that can never die . vernita break ... lynn 's arm go around she as roman shut he eye and CUT to cemetery road a few car park ... group descend the hill ... roman pass amid stone cherub and angel ... lynn we have over a thousand attend the memorial . roman not one of ‘em return he call when he be alive . lynn I think it would be great if you speak . roman and tell they what ? lynn you two talk the same language . 73 . roman no. lynn if it 's nerve . roman it 's not . lynn there 's no one more deserve . roman they would not want to hear it . lynn hear what ? roman the real enemy be not outside they be within . reaching the car ... vernita ( embrace lynn ) we 'il talk soon . lynn i’1l call you . vernita go to roman ... stop ... see something in he ... vernita you take care of yourself . roman I be . vernita I disbelieve that . lynn 's husband help vernita to she car ... GEORGE ( hug lynn ) I ' 1l be in touch . Roman , I will see you at the office . GEORGE depart ... lynn I have something for you . lynn go to she car ... open the trunk and CUT to 74 . moving taxi on a LA freeway ... roman in back as camera pan to show the large porcelain bulldog in the seat beside he ... roman pointedly stare out he side window ... it take all he energy to glance over and close on the ceramic canine 's unblink visage ... life -size and life-like ... steadfast «+. resolute ... stare at he and CUT to roman' office roman with a hispanic couple ... uninspired as he utter ... roman twenty - five hundred be a higher advance than average , but I have direct you to we firm 's win-loss record , lower all - in cost and personalize service . it 's all in the brochure there you receive . couple share a brochure ... peer at the copy ... wife I do not know . roman it 's wise to price shop , but when it come to defend a love one , well there 's a lot of people in prison who would attest why that 's a bad idea . couple confer ... roman regards the bulldog in the corner .». face the wall ... husband we be go to do it . roman struggle to find a smile and CUT to law office even ... roman carry a armload of case work ... stick he head in a office ... connor at he computer ... roman I want to get start on the pro bono . connor I be close to cut out . 75 . roman now you have something constructive to do . connor swiveling to say something ... roman already go ... GEORGE ( call to he ) what 's the big rush all of a sudden ? aerial office build mostly dark ... one room glow and CUT to law office conference room roman speed-reading a lengthy file ... connor on the opposite side of the large table ... flipping a page on a document ... reach for a slice of pizza ... none leave ... connor it 's get late . roman jotting a note ... deep into read ... connor when be we wrapping up here ? roman you could have come up with a defense in all the time you have use to complain . connor what defense ? they be all dead end . this guy 's guilty as hell . roman of what ? connor judge by the fact everything . the cocaine charge , steal property count , own the car use in the drive - by . roman you be argue the other side . connor that be the fact . roman ( as much for himself ) what about why he do it ? what about the reason ? ( more ) 76 . roman ( cont 'd ) what about the pressure he be under and circumstance go back to when and where he be bear ? you do not think that breed disillusionment , anger , need ? you do not think he 's human ? just how much do you think a person can take ? connor what be you say ? roman what be you say ? connor there 's some really bad people out there . roman yeah and a lot of ‘em work in office building . beat ... face each other across the conference table ... roman go home . connor want to ... hesitates ... roman do not worry , I will not badmouth you to George . connor assuage ... gather he thing ... connor hey I be a team player . roman I have no doubt . connor leave ... roman alone at the large table CUT to roman' apartment 78 - size record spin fast ... old r&b song blast as roman tape up box ... manic ... apartment in complete disarray pack crate ... garbage bag of clothes ... roman stop .-. last thing leave be the turntable ... roman lift the needle and music be replace by city sound ... construction ... roman wrap the record player in newspaper and CUT to 77 . sunrise spread over the southland and CUT to GEORGE 's moving tesla GEORGE drive ... roman in the passenger seat ... GEORGE it 's a capital case . you have experience with that . roman we handle quite a few . GEORGE I 's will make the introduction and then bow out . you will stay . you might want to look at the file before we get there . roman regards a file in he lap ... mind elsewhere ... GEORGE I look up the overcrowd case you and William work on . roman that be a long time ago . GEORGE must have have quite a impact . roman it be later overturn . GEORGE how 's you big brief go ? the one you have work on for 12 year . roman I put it aside . GEORGE tell I about it . roman I have reach a impasse . GEORGE do not give up . roman actually I do not believe I 'il finish it . 78 . GEORGE that 's too bad . I hear you be move to a new apartment . roman how ? GEORGE payroll check . come across my desk . I know that building . not cheap . roman I have money save . GEORGE I mean it 's great , it 's a nice building . roman the money 's from way back . GEORGE what else be it good for ? men 's central jail cement complex ringed by high wall and razor wire and CUT to reception GEORGE and roman be buzze through a steel door ... approach several officer ... GEORGE Roman . license . roman hand he he driver license ... GEORGE add he ... put they on the counter ... GEORGE George Patel and Roman Israel to see we client , Carter Johnson . roman freeze at the name ... roman Carter Johnson ? GEORGE from the ellerbee case . they pick he up on Friday . we have be retain . roman reeling ... stare at the file ... GEORGE at least crack it before we go in . 79 . roman I be acquainted . jail visiting room roman and GEORGE seat before scratch plexiglass ... charge beat before carter johnson appear ... sit opposite ... cuffed ... stocky ... aware ... GEORGE hello Carter . I be George Patel and this be my associate , Roman Israel . Roman be a devote advocate and fabulous attorney and he 's go to be the point person on you team . carter regards roman ... carter he 's good huh ? GEORGE he 's better than good . do you review the fee structure ? carter what you send over , yeah . GEORGE you understand this be a capital murder case ? carter yeah . GEORGE first off you 'il want to be fully up to speed on you file . you 'il make better decision if you be inform about every aspect of you case and know all you option . carter I know my option . GEORGE we can not unchange what 's be do . that mean face this head - on . I think you understand that the penalty you be face be very severe . ( more ) 80 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) in overview we be go to study the discovery the prosecution give we , we be go to force the prosecution to give we anything and everything we need -- you want to step in here , Roman ? roman «+ . we be go to perform we own private investigation and devise a defense . roman drift off ... distract ... GEORGE that 's not all we be go to do . we be go to outwork the prosecution . we be go to out - work they and out - prepare they and we be go to get you the most favorable outcome possible . carter life in a cage . GEORGE that 's the outcome we be fight . it 's go to be a long process and cost quite a bit of money . with that in mind I have suggest there 's no need for two billable attorney at this early phase so if it 's okay with you I be go to bow out and let Roman continue . carter okay with I . GEORGE I 'il be in touch . GEORGE depart ... roman open the file ... carter stare through the plexiglass ... roman the prosecutor 's go to favor a grand jury over a preliminary hearing , which will allow they to wait to reveal they evidence until trial . carter you represent derrell . roman briefly . carter I ask for you . 81 . roman ... head down ... find a pen and pad of paper ... carter after speak to he cellie . roman we have a number of legal maneuver we can employ to try and force a pre-lim . carter I do not care about the pre-lim . roman I would advise we pursue it . carter you know where I be . roman when be that ? carter before they pick I up . roman I do not believe so . carter I know you do . roman I be sure derrell share that information with quite a few person . carter no , he only tell you . that 's what he tell the guy . and you call it in for the reward . do not look away from I . roman return he gaze ... carter you fuck I . roman I present myself on you request for a attorney . carter you be talk and it do not mean a thing . I be never get out of here , they get I cold , but I 'il tell you this -- I get you anytime I want . anytime . anywhere . any moment . I could have do it already but I want you where I be . ( more ) 82 . carter ( cont 'd ) think about it . give you a little time . not too long . roman stand ... roman ( call ) Guard . carter go tell someone what you have do , break you own law . privileged information . they 's 11 put you in here with I . roman guard . carter gonna run ? try it . guard appear ... roman I be do here . carter damn right you be . carter lead away and CUT to outside the jail roman step into the sun ... crossing the plaza ... round a corner and roman double over ... give we a sense of the fear demon inside and CUT to downtown los angele mid-day ... roman exit a taxi ... scan the busy sidewalk «+. quickly cross into he office building and CUT to law office roman enter ... see several tough wait in reception ... roman stop ... scared as ... a lawyer come out ... greet the two ... they be client and CUT to roman' office roman lock the door ... he office phone ring ... 83 . roman hello ? silence ... roman hello ? click ... roman dial the front desk ... roman I just receive a call . do they give a name ? receptionist / over phone no. roman there be no one there . receptionist / over phone they ask for you . roman hang up ... edge to the window ... stare down at the CITY below ... crowded with people and car and CUT to law office reception roman leave ... pause at the door ... peer into the hallway ... regards the worker wait for the elevator and GEORGE Roman . roman see GEORGE , novak and several lawyer head out ... GEORGE we have a emergency case , all hand on deck , you be come with we . outside the office build roman step into the night ... anxiously scan the sidewalk -.. walk close with GEORGE and the other and CUT to downtown los angele limo pass ... rush - hour traffic and CUT to moving limo 84 . roman squeeze in with the other attorney ... GEORGE give instruction ... GEORGE this be high - value client who need immediate attention . it 's go to take everything we have to get they out of this jam . that mean everyone bring they a-game . okay here we be , we be here . the limo stop ... roman get out with the other ... find himself at the staples CENTER laker fan pour in ... GEORGE and the other lawyer laugh and CUT to staples skybox mid -game ... GEORGE in a recliner ... drink ... roman beside he ... uneasy ... surveying the crowd ... GEORGE man you have have some crash course huh ? from William Henry Jackson to George Patel , what a ride . seem like you be settling in . roman from all appearance . GEORGE well I have a lot of plan you know . nothing I want to get too deep into here , understand , but down the line I mean there 's a lot to discuss . alternative work arrangement , closer community office , all while actually increase productivity and retention . I do not have to explain any of this to you . you get it . Hell you be gonna be right in the middle of it . laker score ... GEORGE jump up ... fan cheer and CUT to STREET GEORGE and the group exite with the crowd ... GEORGE back in the sled . nightcap . 85 . roman ( scan the throng ) not for I . GEORGE come in late tomorrow . roman I have a lot of work to do . GEORGE ( to the other lawyer ) he 's make you all look bad . GEORGE buzze ... shaking roman 's hand ... hugging he ... head off with he colleague and CUT to u-haul truck rental under a freeway overpass ... roman appear ... crossing the rental lot ... look up as a jet pass and CUT to u-haul office roman at a counter ... representative check inventory on he computer ... representative all we have be 20 - footer . roman I need something tonight . representative so you want one ? roman do it require a special license ? representative no. roman it sound big . representative where be you go ? roman away . representative where ? 86 . roman where would you go ? representative for what ? downtown los angele a large u-haul truck come down a dark street ... double - park car make it a tight squeeze and CUT to moving u-haul truck roman hunch anxiously over the wheel ... not a experience driver ... inching he way through the narrow gap as the side mirror scrape a van ... roman not stop and CUT to roman' apartment be dark ... silent as ... a lock turn and camera find the kitchen utility door open ... roman enter ... close and lcok the door ... look at the box and stack clutter in the spill light from the construction site and CUT to alley u-haul park in the shadow behind roman' tenement as roman come out the back door ... carry a load of box ... roman look around ... load they inside the big truck 's cargo hold and CUT to roman' apartment roman work in the dim darkness ... carry crate ... grab garbage bag of clothes and CUT to parked u-haul truck roman load the back with he box - up life and CUT to roman' apartment mostly empty ... scattered detritus as ... roman appear ... stand in the shadow ... sweat ... exhuast ... he catch he breath ... go into the closet ... take the backpack of cash 87 . and go to the door ... roman look back at this dwelling of two decade and CUT to los angele at dawn ... freeways already fill and CUT to moving u-haul truck roman in traffic ... grip the wheel ... 18-wheeler close either side ... roman brake too hard ... backpack and box in the front seat hit the dash ... spilling open and cash scatter on the floor ... roman reach ... eye off the road .+. blare of a horn . roman bolt upright ... back in he lane ... glance in he side mirror and a window - tinted car be see ... two men inside ... roman stare and CUT to los angele outskirt the CITY 's a distant , jag smudge ... traffic thinning ... u-haul pass and CUT to moving u-haul roman glue to he mirror ... window - tinted car behind he «+. follow close ... roman see a exit and he suddenly veer across lane ... take the ramp ... onto a high desert road as roman look in the mirror and sees the window - tinted car right behind as roman accelerate and CUT to desert road u-haul truck through heat wave ... ribbon of blacktop ... no sense of speed until the truck roar by ... window - tinted car trail ... middle of nowhere and CUT to 88 . moving u-haul truck roman speed ... sweat ... sees the window - tinted car suddenly pull into the opppose lane ... speed up ... pull abreast of the truck cab and roman duck down ... into the passenger seat ... try to steer as he protect himself ... peek over the dash to see the window - tinted car roar by ... u-haul truck drift as ... roman sit up ... drive on the dirt shoulder and roman over-correct ... truck swerving onto the dirt shoulder ... roman slamm the brake ... loud crash of he belonging in the cargo hold ... cloud of dust as roman step out ... sees the window - tinted car quickly back up and roman take off ... run into the desert as ... man 's voice hey ! second man 's voice you okay ?! roman run through the brush ... glance back ... sees two teenage boy stand by the window - tinted car ... innocent and unimpose «+. genuinely concerned as they call to he ... teenager hey you all right mister ? roman stop ... 100 yard into the desert ... look back ... 89 . roman I be run . teenager # 2 do you need help ? roman it be a bad decision , not my first . the teens get back in they car ... drive off ... leave roman alone in the vastness ... searing sun ... stand in a sea of sand and scrub as ... he cell phone ring ... '' work to do '' melody now mock ... roman regards it ... answer ... roman hello . maya / over phone hey it 's Maya . roman hi Maya . maya / over phone what be you do ? roman not much . maya / over phone you would tell I if I be bugging you . roman no . maya / over phone honestly , thank you . I call you when I be down . that 's horrible , right ? it 's only ten and I be swamp . my friend , one of my best staffer , quit yesterday . Said work here be only for he resume . roman the ability to hold conflict idea in one 's head take effort . maya / over phone how 's you day go ? roman you know , life smile I smile back . 90 . maya / over phone you do not sound like you be smile roman I be a little anxious actually . maya / over phone just tell yourself most of the thing you worry about will never happen . roman I ’1ll try that . maya / over phone alcohol work better ... Roman ? extreme wide shot roman distant ... phantasmal ... swim in heat shimmer ... maya / over phone it 's a bad connection . where be you ? roman in a desert . maya / over phone it seem taht way sometimes . you just gotta keep go . roman which way ? maya / over phone head on , straight through it . you can not -- static ... connection lose ... roman what do you say ? which way ? speak louder . I can not hear you ! a dust devil pass in the foreground before we ... roman erase from view and CUT to desert roadside roman open the back of the truck ... all he belonging have be toss and break open ... he book , record and photo scattered as roman 91 . rummages through he strewn clothes ... dig out he legal case and CUT to u-haul truck make a u-turn ... roman drive back down the two - lane road «+. return the way he come and CUT to law office roman arrive ... old jacket ... clip - on tie ... carry he legal case ... a lawyer pass in khakis and open shirt ... lawyer casual Friday . law office library line with law book ... roman pull specific volume ... know what he 's look for and CUT to later roman be take over the library ... stack of legal tome ... jotting post - it note ... novak pass novak ( look in ) what be you work on ? roman rise ... wordlessly shut the door on he ... keep work and CUT to later roman completely absorb paralegal mister martinez have this room book at three . roman' office law book be stack on the floor ... pile on he desk ... roman carry in a new armload ... shut the door and CUT to passing hour roman write a last post - it note ... put it on the wall in front of he ... paper with dozen of other ... roman swivel to he computer ... begin type and close on blank screen oz : fill as roman speed - type a legal document ... case no. 00-001 supreme court of absolute universal law ( Los Angeles division ) roman J. israel , esq . petitioner vv. himself defendant notice to permanently disbar Roman J. Israel esq . from the California bar_and human Race for be a fock hypocrite and turn his back on everything he ever claim to actually stand for . time lapse roman type ..- consume ... roman check legal passage ... roman take he ringing phone off the hook ... roman turn off he vibrate cell phone ... sky outside fade from blue to black ... flash of a gaudy sunset and real time knock at roman 's office door ... roman type away as ... the door open ... stop after only a few inch ... hit a file of book on the floor ... fritz hey. 93 . roman be finger fly ... fritz I just hear something disturbing about you from a solid fuck source . roman not stop ... fritz it be about the ellerbee case . Carter Johnson . you collect the reward ? be that fuck true ? roman fish out he old headphone ... put they on ... no longer connect to anything ... resume work as ... fritz retreat and CUT to office build soaring into the night sky ... roman come out ... carry he old legal case ... clutching the big porcelain bulldog «+. stride across the plaza ... pure purpose and different angle of roman walk off ... unsettle sense someone 's watch as he pass and CUT to moving tesla GEORGE stick in downtown traffic ... on speaker phone ... GEORGE do you check he office ? receptionist / over speaker that 's what I be say , he leave already GEORGE when ? receptionist / over speaker a few minute ago . GEORGE well goddamn it keep try he . GEORGE hang up ... inching with other car and georgeas Pov roman pass right by he on the sidewalk ... other direction «+. carry the briefcase and porcelain bulldog ... walk with the many worker head home as 94 , GEORGE lower he passenger window ... GEORGE Roman ! roman ! GEORGE angle he car ... muscle onto the curb ... try to make the turn at the next corner ... block by rush- hour traffic and georgeas Pov through the tesla 's passenger side mirror ... roman see continue down the sidewalk ... enter a bar and CUT to inside the bar crowd ... maya at the rail ... sip a drink ... see roman approach ... place the big bulldog on the seat beside she ... maya oh my God , what be that ? roman it 's for you . maya it 's a bulldog . roman among other thing . 's maya it look so real . roman actually it 's alive . maya why be you give it to I ? roman to take care of . maya you be a fuck trip . roman you be worth have in this thing . maya be it yours ? 95 . roman for awhile . maya you should keep it . roman I do not have room . maya you new apartment . roman I be give it up . maya why ? roman I be go away . maya where ? roman whever they send I . you see something 's occur ... something which will take a career that be sincere and well - intentioned and launch it right into the realm of truly transoformative . and I can promise you the advocate who triumph in this instance will not be the one wiht the most formal education or legal skill . maya let 's have a drink , Roman , come on . roman I do not need one . maya there 's a table right there . roman no I can not stay . maya what 's wrong ? roman it 's quite interesting actually . GEORGE appear ... push through the crowd ... flushed ... 96 . GEORGE there you be . roman George this be Maya . GEORGE hey . maya hello . GEORGE I need a word with he . roman I be leave anyway . ( to maya , be : the bulldog ) I think you two will get along . maya Roman -- GEORGE already angle roman toward the door ... maya watch he go and CUT to outside the bar GEORGE and roman step out to the busy sidewalk ... GEORGE what the hell be go on ? roman from my point of view ? GEORGE fritz call . he say he have reliable information that you turn in Carter Johnson and collect the reward . roman here 's what the prosecutor 's not go to tell you . GEORGE Jesus it 's true . roman I have be give a gift . GEORGE you act utterly improperly , break the law , it so be not a gift . 97 . roman I be not talk about the money . I do not care about the money , George . fruit of the poisonous tree , I leave it back in the office . if you want to understand waht 's happen here you 'il have to get past all the smoke of legal disputation . roman head off ... GEORGE trail ... GEORGE this be dangerous fuck people . there 's no walk away from this . roman I be not walk away . I be go to turn myself in . the precinct on Sixth . view from the STREET someone watch from a car ... start to trail and CUT to roman thread the crowded sidewalk ... GEORGE right beside ... roman all that year practice , to achieve what ? technical triumph , scour law book for loophole and confabulation . then , today , in the middle of nowhere I have a revelation , a insight so sweeping , so clear , building directly off my other brief . it be I , George . it be always there . I never see it before because I never experience the other side . you see I be plaintiff and defendant simultaneously . I file against myself . I represent myself , thereby expand the full scope of the legal desert . the judgement 's build in . the only thing leave be forgiveness , and I grant that to myself . because the act do not make a person guilty unless the mind be guilty as well . of course I expect challenge as there 's no precedent or derivative interpretation but the argument be sound , the premise true and I have no doubt it will be upheld by the high court in the land . GEORGE you be insane . 98 . roman I have never be more clear . GEORGE that 's what we will argue . roman be careful what you say . you do not represent I in this so the rule of confidentiality will not apply . my entire defense will be base on a unequivocal recitation of truth . GEORGE stop ... stunne ... roman continue on ... call back ... roman you get it , George . you have such a tremendous future . it 's so bright I swear it 's blind . roman round the corner ... go as ... GEORGE suddenly sees a tall man in a windbreaker leave a still roll car ... quickly crossing the street ... same direction as roman ... wear sunglass at night and CUT to GEORGE follow ... concerned ... round the corner and GEORGE 's Pov roman disappear down the crowded sidewalk ... enter the pulsing heart of revitalize downtown ... tower hotel ... neon ... Friday night crowd as roman weave through pedestrian and camera track back to the man in sunglass ... catch up as camera track further to GEORGE follow ... real fear ... search for roman and CUT to bar 99 . maya hurry outside ... look around and CUT to roman turn down a darker , less busy STREET as the man appear in the dim bg ... trail roman ... hand go in he pocket as roman' phone ring ... familiar melody ... roman pause to pick up ... roman hello ... hey , of cour I remember . ( beat ) no that 's why I give you my number . roman stop under a circle of lamp light and CUT to GEORGE in the midst of the thriving city center ... run as he scan the street and boom ! as a gunshot echoe off the building ... absorb by city noise ... other pedestrian unaware as GEORGE take off toward the sound and CUT to maya several block back as two more shot be hear ... maya freeze ... world pass around she ... unchange and CUT to GEORGE sprint around a corner ... bolt down the darker street ... suddenly stop ... see something ... spin from the sight ... overcome as siren filter in ... louder and louder and dissolve to 100 . blackness Silent , still beat ... time 's pass before fading in on maya 's empty office View through glass into the busy COALITION office ... maya see but not hear ... speak with a group of activist as camera find the bulldog sitting beside maya 's desk now ... resolute ... persever and CUT to aerial camera climb the side of a familiar office building ... see inside companie ... watch worker within as we settle on the law firm ... busy day ... camera panning the full floor to show attorney at work ... connor finish with a client ... hand he a card as ... we stop at georgeas office GEORGE be see inside speak on the phone ... sleeve roll ... pace as he argue a point and CUT to inside the office as GEORGE hang up ... roll he sleeve down ... go to he closet ... put on he jacket as he sees roman' legal case tucked in back ... GEORGE about to close the closet ... stop «+. pull the case ... regards it ... set it on he desk ... GEORGE look at it ... pop the latch ... we sense for the first time ... pull out roman 's thick legal brief and GEORGE scan it ... about to put it away ... something in hte page catch he eye ... scan down to read further as 101 . assistant / over phone intercom mister novak 's ready . GEORGE tell he I 'il be there . GEORGE turn a page ... increasingly interested as ... camera reverse and GEORGE be see from behind ... read roman 's brief ... los angele stretch as far as the eye can see through the window as GEORGE be immerse ... ignore he ringing phone and that 's it ... the end