" romancing the stone " by Diane Thomas June 23 , 1983 kristine andersen 10349 caribou Lane tne Angeles , CA 9007 c42 '' romancing T fade in int . mountain cabin - day : 1 a size 16 - ee boot kick through the door , rip the old board from the wall . angelina 2 in lacy camisole , doeskin skirt , boot whirl from a old stove . grogan 3 fill the doorway , a dark hulk against the dazzle light ' outside . he cock he shotgun . fly buzz , hide hang from the beam , something simmer in the pot over the fire , tumbling river water be hear in the distance . all else be still . it be 1875 . a cigarette dangle from grogan 's lip . grogan what 's it gonna be , angelina ? angelina ( voice over ; after a pause } it seem endless . I be sure I have lose he at the river , in the winter of ' seventy -four . 's shotgun aim at she breast , he take a step inside . angelina 4 angelina surreptitiously slide a boot dagger from its sheath . grogan you can die two way , angel . Quick like the tongue of the snake , or slower than the molass in January . angelina ( voice over ) when I tell he it be October -- grogan nmove toward she ) T will kill ya if it be the goddamn fourth of July . where be it ? cont . c42 4 cont . his eye gart about the room , lock onto the saidlebag on the bunk . he move that way . with one graceful movement , angelina grab the dagger 's it and flip it underneand . & silver flash streak through the air and grogan fall , back out the door , deader than yesterday . angelina throw on a doeskin poncho and snatch up the saddlebags . angelina ( voice over ) that be the end of grogan , the man who kill my father , rape and murder my sister , burn my ranch , shot my dog ... ( exite ) «« and steal my Bible . / CUT to : ext . cabin - day 5 stealing the shotgun off grogan , angelina cock the weapon , and scan thé area . her horse be tethere near grogan' . angelina ( voice over ) he have come alone . but if there be one law in the West ... odash for she horse ) bastard have brother ... cuT to : ext . badland = day 6 angelina race up a gulch , suddenly rein in she horse . angelina {voice over ) who seem to ride forever . p.o.v. shot - 7 four bad - ass , the brother , in match ankle-length coat , thunder toward she on match stallion . ' they simultaneously pull up short , squinting into the sun . back to scene 8 angeline glance up over she shoulder . sed - '' romancing the ST a 7/11 /d3 3 p.0.v. shot ; 3 on the ridge , a man on horseback silhouett against the afternoon sun ( he hat particularly familiar ) . . angelina {voice over ) but jesse would stop they . he x promise I that . on the word , jesse come thunder down the slope . x the bad asse 10 the bad -ass go for they gun . jesse 11 whip out a lever- action Winchester , pump fire at a x dead gallop . as he race by : angelina ( voice over ) jesse never break a promise . p.0.v. shot ~ the brother 12 four of jesse 's crack shot spin a revolver high in the x air , blow off a hat , snap a saddle cinch dump the rider , and explode the barrel of a rifle . jesse | 13 chase after the Brothers , the unmounted bad - ass sprinting X after he steed , grab mane and jump he bareback . angelina {voice over ) my leg wrap tighter around my steed as I watch jesse give chase . he be a rider in the whirlwind , roaring away into the x twee ... CUT to : int , apartment - close on typewriter page - day 14 angelina ( voice over ) '' ~.. twee ? a se to or f-correct IBM selectric hackeracke , lift the last letter off the pass . joan {voice over ) tree . pane c42 pull back to reveal joan charle 15 surrounded by globe , book , map tackec to rulletin x board , a stack of mail mark " Elaine , " she pause for a cup of coffee . a woman who have never develop any confidence in herself . she turn back to she work as the doorbell buzy : she hesitates , check she calendar . no appointment . all very puzzle . again the bell 8 uzze . int . live room 16 move to the intercom , Joan pass she exercycle , and the frame cover of she previous novel : " the ravager " , " the return of angelina " , etc . again the buzzer sound , twice , fast . Joan slow , pause , finally depress the speaker button . joan hello ? zolo ( voice over ; in a thick accent ) Joan Charles ? joan yes ? Zolo cough . joan hello ?... hello ? cont . 16 cont . the continue silence be unsettle , even eerie . Joan cross to the street window , peer down . soan be .p.0.v. 17 Three storey down , we catch a glimpse of a large man climb into a taxi , a ominous figure in a dark overcoat and avaitor shade . but Joan 's eye see something else : a young couple , obviously . very much in love , walk arm in arm , bundle up against the cold New York winter . angle on joan 18 the wistful look on she face tell we how much Joan wish to be " arm in arm " , and the rueful shake of she head indicate how little hope she have that that wish will come true . Joan let the curtain fall back . ( near she be a photograph of herself and she older sister , Elaine . Elaine stand in the =.g. big smile on she face , while Joan behind be almost cower , afraid of the camera . ) Joan again peek out the window , then , with renew _. determination , she return to she typewriter . close on typewriter page , : 18 - a angelina ( voice over ) «+.. a rider in the whirlwind , roaring away into the tree ... CUT to : ext . badland - dusk 18 - B angelina and horse seem like one as they race off , angelina look back over she shoulder . angelina {voice over ) and I know then that jesse would never disappoint I . he be the man I love , the one man I could trust . and we would spend the rest of we life ... together . CUT to : the typewriter page >: again the machine backtrack . to underscore the word : " together . " c42 c42 joan 18-d lean back in she chair with a sigh . right . joan out 19 cuT to : c42 no q '' ext . joan' apartment build - day Joan walk hurriedly , try hail a cab , but it go right by she . pause , she notice up ahead some tough - loce punk type linger around a lamp post . she decide to cross the street rather than go directly past they . cuT to : ext . brentano's bookstore - day , 20 - a a editor , richard , attractive in a intellectual way ; ané a junior editor , carolyn , scan pedestrian . behind they a big poster announce Joan 's newest book , '' angelina 's Savage secret -- with a add notice tape across it : '' Joan Charles , today . '' they see Joan climb out of a cab a little up the street , rush to meet she . richard Joan , come on , you be late -- people be wait . joan Richard , please , I be nervous enough . I be not go to have to speak , be I ? / richard you do not have to speak , it 's a simple book -sign session . besides , this crowd be interested in angelina , not in you . joan . crowd -- what crowd ? you say it be a simple book -sign session . richard for God 's sake , Joan , it 's ten o'clock on a weekday morning , how many people can there be ? and he practically shove Joan through the bookstore door -- where at least eight billion housewive be wait for she . Joan -- turn white . c42 ixt . brentang's bookstore - day 1 litter after the book-sign session . a weary Joan can not seem to detach herself from the iron crip of the one and most fanatical housewife fan who remain . cont . x fan you be my very fuvorite writer . angelina be my very faveris character . you book have save my life . they eye hold , then the San scurries off . Joan stare after she hurriedly . incredulously . Richard be pack he briefcase richard I think you charme they . joan by stammer and stare at my toe ? richard people expect great writer to be eccentric . joan if ' Savage secret ' be great write , the world 's in a lot of trouble . richard half a million copy in advance sale do not lie -- and you always say that when you finish a new one -- especially when it 's late . - joan well , Richard , I think I be run out of steam . maybe we could talk about it at dinner tonight ? richard ( guilt cover he face ) Joan , I be sorry -- I forget a appointment I make and -= joan ne , sure , do not worsy -- I do not mind . richard next week . for sure . ( latching he case ) anyway , have a nice evening . joan thanks , but I have make ether plan . he leave she in the rubble . carolyn come over to look for '' two clean cup in it . carolyn why do you subject yourselz to type like that ? you could do so much better . joan yeah -- in what other life ? she sigh , look over the way the last fan leave . - joan a woman just say my book save she life . ( shake she head , quite take ) I never know what I be get into . carolyn well , where else will man keep they word , woman hola they own , and love burn through to the end ? we all need we fantasy , right ? ( hand Joan a sup ) and we vodka . Joan do not smile at the joke . she look grim . carolyn ( serious now ) I know what bad timing this be . you sister due in ... . ( a eerie pause ) do they find she husband 's body yet ? joan no . only the ... once piece . carolyn ( shake she head ) my God ... be she hold up ? joan Elaine ... she 's always be the tough one in the family . Elaine always manage . . CUT to : c42 c42 ica sena cee ree ss see suddenly shutter sinm down , block the view . som.on wear designer jeans be in a bie hurry aczess the room , grab up a suitcase -- stuff hang to of it -- so much so that it fall open , and a photograph drop out -- the same photograph see on Joan 's wall ; she and she smile sister -- and as the photo be pick up -- pan up to : elaine , not smile . could not even begin to . desperation etched on she face , big sunglass hide cry eye , black scarf cover hair , thrust the photo back in the case , on she way out . cur to : c42 a perrari nd rh 1t 8 be u back out of a garage , and out the front ga :es of villa . a few child out here play the columbian equivalent of jack . a frail young boy , 10 , practice with a bola by the fountain across the way . the Ferrari jerk to a stop . Elaine jump out , leave the door open , to hurry to close the villa gate , steal nervous glance over she shoulder . she rush back to the Ferrari . just as she get one fcot inside , the Boy sling he bola . : the bola wrap around she neek , one ball strike she head , knock she unconscious . she fail sideways , into the car . Racing over , the Boy shove she across the seat , slide behind the wheel , and lay rubber as he take off . the game of Jack 's continue unabate . just 2 normal day in the neighborhood . CUT to : ext . STREET of cartagena = day 23 palm line the seashore , snowcappe Sierra nevada the backdrop . the Ferrari careen around @ corner , roar up the avenue toward the harbor . Elaine slump in the seat next to the young driver . CUT to : ext . old fort battlement - day 24 over Ralph 's shoulder we see the Ferrari make its approach . ralph turn . a short New Yorker with a huge chip on he x shoulder , the most put-upon person in every neighborhood in which he have ever live . ralpe the kid 's here with the broad . he 's talk to he cousin ira wha , seemingly indifferent , be pitching chicken entrail over the wall , feed large crocodile bask in a bog swamp below where viver , sea and Fort meet . a small freighter be moor nearby . the gar pull right up to it , scum-of - the-earth - crew - member wait to meet it . nfascinate by the reptile ) '' look at that snapper , will ya ? once a hustler in New York , ira parlay ego and a x connive sensibility into a moderste-sized operation in Columbia . Ralph be ira 's henchman , and none too happy about he status or the way he be treat . cont . he roll he eye , come over . ralph ira , I be real nervous about this x whole thing , I be not kiddin' . t 's nothin ' but trouble , it 's a piss -poor idea -= why can not we kiss off this third World toilet . tra whoa ! -- d'tya see that ? lookit , Ralph <= that ugly stripe sonuvabitch down there -- y'see he ? he 's exhaust he supply of entrail , now start head away , down toward the freighter , Ralph trail . ralph let 's eat this one , ira , whaddaya say ~~ we will take the loss on this one . geez , that croc ere nasty bugger , I tell ya . cut to : we 25 int . stateroom 26 x plush , fill with colombian treasure . Elaine , still x groggy , be on a chair , circle by ira . Ralph be cut she valise to piece , admire some lingerie , fondle the jewelry , pockete the money . elaine ( terrify ) what be you look for ?.. , who be you ? . ralph custom official . hard to get outta this country , be not it . elaine ( to ira ) ++. you kill my husband . ira no I do not , sweetheart , but I know who do and if yor think a lotta bad shit 's be comin ! 's g@aem a tae late , ty eu cont. 26 cont . ralph ( finish with he search ) nothin ' . if he do not send it to the wife , where do he send it ? elaine ( tear ) my husband be just a antique dealer -- tra the way you be use to livin ' ? he be a smuggler , baby -- rest in peace -- and I run he stuff out for he , tie up all he loose end -- all except a certain document he luck upon for about five minute before someone chop he into dog ood to get it . now all you gotta do -- be tell I where he mail it -- because the reason you beloved eduardo be dead be because he tell he killer where . tell I where he mail it , Elaine -- so I can get to it first , so no one else end up on a meathook , so you and whoever you get leave have a chance . Elaine can hardly speak she 's now so frighten -- and not only fer herself anymore . elaine ++ I know he mail some thing to my sister . CUT to : int . joan' apartment - day 27 Joan set she table for lunch while a romantic song play from she stereo . she set she place sensitively , neatly , artistically arrange the nen-match antique plate , lace mat , etc . she sing along with the song . finally , everything nicely in place , she serve hersel® the meal -- a grill cheese sandwich and yesterday 's salad , ploppec right on the plate in the middle of the fine set . the phone ring , scare she . cont . c42 c42 joan ftanswer , turn down music ) hello ? intercut : int . freighter stateroom ~ night ira hover menacingly by Elaine . cheating at solitaire . situation . elaine Joan ? joannie ? joan Elaine ! where be you ? elaine Joan , listen to I . joan Elaine , what 's the matter ? Elaine speak in cool , measure tone . Joan take it out : elaine Joan , listen to I , please . I think a envelope be forward to you -- with eduardo 's handwrite on it <= a big envelope . joan yes -- I have get it right here . elaine en it , Joan . be there a map in ere ? in a clear plastic , water - tight envelope . . joan yes. ( read ) it say , ' El ... corazén ? ' elaine now , Joan , you must bring it to I . you have to bring the map to colombia . oo Ralph be off by himself , still uncomfortable with the nm x x old , two halve tape together , enclose c42 28 cont . joan x Elaine , for God 's sake «= what kind of trouble be you in ? elaine x there be some people here who want the map . joannie , do you understand ? Joan be speechless . _.-. elaine you can not tell the police , you can not tell anyone . you have to come here , Joan . with the map . and everything will be all right . joan ( ery now ) Elaine , please -- elaine ( follow ira 's nod ) you have a room wait at the Hotel emporio in cartagena . write it down . Hotel emporio . the front desk will have a telephone number for you to call . you have a passport , do not you . : joan ( scribbling ) but I have never use it -- Elaine , I can not do this -- I can not go to colombia by myself -- cont. c42 28 cont . elaine you know I would not ask . you know I never have . ( break finally ) they will cut I , Joan . : they be gonna cut I . hold on Joan 's face . numb . CUT . 29 . CUT to : int . joan be foyer - night 30 the deadbolt softly click OPEN ; a glove hand ease inside , flick open a stiletto . a man stifles he cough . zolo slip in the door . colombian , dark overcoat , avaitor shade . Z0lo be 40 - some year of bad news . ruthless would apply . he steal down the dark haliway . Zolo ease open the bedroom door ; a streetlight reveal a empty bed . Zolo snap on the light . open drawer , closet , clothes go . Joan Charles stare up from dust - jacket back ' in a carton on the floor . he spot the phone pad , pick it up . insert . - pad 31 it read : cartagena , doodling , Pan be Flight # , and a departure time . we 32 cuT to : runway - night 33 a 727 take wing . CUT to : int . jet - night 34 most passenger asleep . not Joan . small liqueur bottle and shred cocktail napkin surround ner . a air < sickness bag be open and ready . she pick nervously at peanut as she study the flight safety card , memorize the exit . captain ( voice over ) lady and centl informe : that co temporarily clos poe a alternate landing at barrangu complimentary ground transportation will be provide fer pes for cartagena . we apoley . we have just be Joan have be wince all the way through , now a ste make she jump by lean at she . stewardess feeling better ? can I get you another éramamine ? joan no , no , thank you -- what about this airport -- stewardess it 's really nothing to worry about -- it 's just a two - hour bus ride . stewardess go away , walk down the aisle -- past another passenger who be not asleep . Zolo , smoke from he cigarillo drift up into the ray of he pin-point read light . he watch Joan , further up the aisle on the opposite side . Joan fumble for something in she purse , pull the map out to make room . and now it peak she interest . she study it . ... and Zolo lower he shade . cuut to : int . bus terminal ~ night , 35 Joan emerge from custom into a inferno of noise and confusion . caught in a cross-current of Indians carry poultry , scream baby , Joan be sweep outside . we 36 outside concourse 37 Joan make she anxious way , as best she can through the crowd . Zolo , follow , pause by a armed soldier , flip out a badge . the soldier stiffen , salute . jzolo confiscate he pistol , continue after Joan . Joan have arrive at a line cf old bus , no idea which be the right one . she try to question a approach official . joan Excuse -- but he do not n rand it up oie to she . now a loader grab she suitcase to creep on Net : '' ue re . cont , c42 joan wait a minute -- momento -- cartagena ? loader {too hurried to listen ) vamanos , vamanos . joan be this the bus to carta ? a new hand help give the suitcase a push up . Zolo . zolo Si -- cartagena . cur to : further down concourse 38 a batter old renault convertible bounce up on a curb . Ralph jump out , grab a official . ralph ( scan crowd tos ) the flight from New York to cartagena -- the flight that be divert here -- have it arrive already ? but now he spot Joan disappear inside that bus . he glance at the photo cf she on the dust jacket of the hardback he clutches in one hand -- the other hand let go of the airport official as Ralph now fight he way toward the bus . out 39 - . 40 cur to : int . bus . 41 Joan find herself a window seat , shoulder bag strapped against she body . a indian squeeze in beside she . she look around , disorient and tired . squawk chicken and child ... andé happen to notice in the back ... Zolo , calmly smoking . grind into gear , the bus lurch forward , launching several still - unseate passenger . CUT to : c42 outside , 42 only yard away from the depart bus , Ralph pivot , join he way back to he renault . we 43 cur to : a crossroad . 44 the bus downshift and turn off the main road -- in a . direction contrary to the arrow on the cartagena road sign . cut to : int . bus 44 -a --- but Joan be alseep . CUT to : ext . crossroad 445 the little renault arrive , pause , make the same turn as . she bus . ° cur to : int . renault . oo 45 Ralph chase up the road after the bus , immediately lose ground . he push he body in a rock motion . the taillight ahead grow smaller , then vanish in the darkness . cur to : ext . colombia - dawn 46 first light bid good morning to colombia 's spectacular mountain . at first glance it appear to be virgin wilderness , but we see distant headlight on 'a primitive road wind around the mountain . CUT to : int . bus - morning : 47 purse still clutch in she lap . Joan wake up . the bus have stop . some passenger be get off here . with a wide yawn she glance out the dusty window . the eye go wider . she struggle with the window , finally slide it up , get a clear view . c42 soan's p.o.v . 4& a vast panorama of spectacular mountain , rain forest and jungle . int . bus 49 Joan immediately nudge the indian beside she , waking he up too . joan excusa <- uh -- cartagena ? ( indicate wilderness ) donde esta ? indian cartagena ? joan Si , cartagena . he shrug , do not understand what she want -- and the bus jerk off again -- uphill . cut to : ext . mountain road 50 the bus head over the top of a grade and begin to pick up 's speed as it start a descent . cur to : int . bus $ 1 Joan be with difficulty make she way up the aisle to the driver , grab a pole to steady herself there . joan I be sorry to bother you . the Driver try look over he shoulder at she and concentrate on the tricky road at the same time . driver que ? joan what time do we arrive in cartagena ? uh -= que hora -- a blind turn be come up ahead . driver cartagena ? cont. c42 31 cont . joan yes -- si -- be I on the right bus ? and they be go around it . driver cartagena no es = < but now he glance forward -- and holy shit ! out 52 - 53 cur to : ext . the road 54 a jeep be park right there in the road and the bus can not help collide straight into it -- screeching of brake -- cascade of luggage from the top of the bus -- and crash ! cuUT to : bird s4 - a go fly from the center of the collision ; fabulous multicolor bird all let loose from out of the churn dust . nt. bus 55 one last bag from a overhead rack cresh Jean now lie . Joan pull herself up , 5 : a windshield , try to see through the cle ¢g dust . ext . the road 60 Driver and passenger start shakily emerge . one lock at the scene be enough to make the driver throw up he hand helplessly . Front of the bus cave in , tire flat , engine smoking . he and the Indians gather aroune the wreckec jeep . no owner in sight -- it 's a write - off . suddenly boom ! -- the radiator of the bus blow . everybody turn back to that . long-suffering , the Driver kick the bus . driver ( in Spanish ) it 's finish ! ( turn back to passenger ) we have to ge back the way we have come ! there 's nothing ahead -- be not a town for 200 mile -- there 's nothing ! Joan , oblivious , just stand there in she New York outfit -- watch the other passenger start to trudge away , back the way the bus have come . before go , a couple of Indians still over at the jeep take bird cage that still have bird in they . Joan follow the other passenger 's action -- clearly this be the kind of occurrence they have deal with before . she begin to take she suitcase off the bus . Z0 lo0 you do not have to walk . another bus will come along . she turn to see he stand next to she calmly smeke a cigarillo . . zolo0 they know nothing . they be peasant . soan another bus -- really ? zolo of course . there be schedule to be even in colomaiz . cont. c42 c42 66 cont . the Driver and other passenger march away now . CUT to : angle on joan . 61 she sit down on she suitcase , hold she head in she hand . CUT to : angle on zolo 62 he calmly pass around , smoking . cur to : the other passengers . 63 move into the distance , head around the bend in the road . cuT to : the bus 64 Joan sit there , Zolo stand there , the other passenger almost go in the distance now . Zolo glance that way -- see the last indian go around the bend , pull a linger child with she . deathly quiet . the first quiet of the movie . Joan still sit with she head in she hand . until she hear a cough -- and look up . Zolo draw a gun -- the one he take from the airport soldier . she stand , start back off . joan what be you -- he advance , hold he unarm hand . zolo the purse . then something beyond Zolo catch she eye -- and Zolo look where she 's look . a man , in silhouette ; outline against the morning sun {his hat particularly familiar ) carry a water bag , come this way . Zolo immediately shoot at he -- explode the water bag -- and the stranger immediately unsling the Winchester l2 - gauge pump he carry , ac . i cont. c42 64 cont . ir ) " Joan dive instinctively toward the bus , roll und Zolo dive into the bus , fire at the stranger . the stranger see only from the back , move with the grace of a dancer , pump a shot at a window of the bus . Inside , Zolo duck , move towards the back . outside the stranger move along , pump off shot along the window of the bus . . Joan cringe under it . Glass fly all over the place as the shot smash through the window , Zolo run the gauntlet along the aisle to the back , smashes he way out the back landing with a roll , Zolo run like hell off into the tree , as a final blast sound behind he . under the bus , the boot of she savior walk past she over to the wreck jeep . after a moment he turn , the boot come walk back , Joan tense -- the boot stop at she and jack colton crouch into view . she fumble for she Spanish / american dictionary . joan por favor ... por favor ... he take the dictionary from she . look at she . jack -. where be my bird . cur to : ext . mountain road - downhill somewhere 64 - 4 Zolo trip , swear , keep go . out 65 = 66 cuT to : the renault . 67 wheezling up the grade , pass the bus passenger make they descent . Ralph almost have a heart attack where further along , Zolo jump into the road ahead , wave he arm . he flash he badge at Ralph and get into the car . cont. c42 67 cont . ~ turn around , the passenger door fly open and shut , nearly eject Zolo as the renault fly back down the grade , overtake the Indians . CUT to : int . renault 68 Riding with the law , Ralph be totally unnerve . he pull he hat down further , steal glance at Zolo . z0l0 ( in Spanish ) do not I know you ? ralph ( freak ) no comprendo . zolo you be american . ralph american ! -- pah ! ( spitting noise ) - I hate american . I spit on american ! zolo you must be french . Ralph feel faint . we 69 - 70 cur to : back at the bus . 71 Jack be rummage around in the rubble of he wreck jeep . he 's spot something , dig around a bit to pull it carefully out . it 's a picture in a crack frame -- of a boat . his dreamboat . he lovingly remove the picture , fold it , crouch down to put the picture away in he backpack . joan uh -~ excuse I -- sorry . he turn . she 's stand before he , shoulder bag strapped to she , suitcase in hand . Three - piece bergdorf suit , 2 " heel , sunglass . be neac be she cf cope at the moment . cont. c42 7i cont . lb joan but do you know where I might find a phone ? jack Lady , I have no idea . joan it 's very important that I -- jack ( salvage what he can ) well , we all get we problem , do not we ? joan be there a town near here ? will another bus be along ? he take she to the middle of the road , show she one direction . wilderness , desolation . show she the other direction . wilderness , desolation . he look at she . jack and this be rush hour . he look up at the sky , storm cloud gather . hurries to secure he backpack . joan I must get to a phone -- I be suppose to be in cartagena . jack cartagena ? -- you be hell and go from cartagena , angel . cartagena 's on the coast . joan but I be tell this bus -- jack who tell you that ? joan ( think back ) the man who ... jack pull a gun on you ? what else do he tell ya ? cont . - 2 71 cont.d he start walk -- uphill . the way the bus be go . joan please -- I need you help . jack be that my new career . : joan if you could just get I to a tele -- jack half a year 's salary just fly south for the winter , my jeep would win first prize at a scrap metal convention , and in five minute everything I get leave in the world be gonna be soaking wet -- so lighten up , lady , for have not get the time . keeps go . joan you do not understand -- my sister need I . it 's a matter of life . and death -- if I do not get to she — I will pa ' oul jack - ( stop dead in x he track ) bow much . joan fifty dollar . he laugh , keep go . joan : I think you just lose everything . . jack not my sense of humor . joan well , what d' you want -- I will give you a hundred dollar -- two hundred . I will do it for joan . that 's ridiculous . i'11 give you two -fifty . cont . jack ( stop again , turn on she ) _ Lady , my minimum price for take strand woman to . telephone be four hundred dollar . joan will you take three seventy - five in traveler 's check ? jack american Express ? -— — joan of course . . jack deal . CUT to : ext . a local police outpost _ day 72 sun-bake adobe building , jeep , horse corral . a real dump . policeman loung around in the heat . santos , she jefe , be sit outside he office , half - asleep -- until he spot the car come . : the renault pull up . Santos lazily step down hitching he pants , to frighten the driver with he rank -- lean to do just that when , from the other side of the car -- Zolo emerge . zolo ( in Spanish ) assemble you man . Santos immediately snap to attention '' + Santos scream a order at he man and they all follow suit . cuT to : int . freighter stateroom . 73 a portable ship - to-shore receiver be hand to ira . he and Elaine be lunching at a well - laid table . Elaine pick at she food , glance at the baby alligator by ira 's plate . intercut : int . police outpost - back rooh 74 with all the activity go on outside -- Zolo urgently c42 con . converse with Santos , point a lot -- Ralph be aion pirate a phone call , back against a wall paperce with " want " poster . behind he , in a cell , a wild - eye beg for help . ralph hiya , Mom ? it 's I -- Irving . ira Ralph , you little twerp , where . x be you ? : ralph calm down , ma , will ya -- who say I never call . ira Ralph , will you for chrissake tell I the story . the policia have leave Ralph alone again now . ralph as usual , cousin , you have get we in serious shit . the stupid dame get on the wrong bus , I be stick in some kinda spico military compound , they be mobilize for iwo jima here -- : ira do they know who you be ? ralph whaddaya think , I be a announcer at Radio City ? I be keepin ' a low profile . and he cross himself , raise he eye to heaven -- and freeze . one of the " want " poster be a actual unflatter likeness of he own dear self . just out of reach . he keep talk as in quiet panic he drag over a chair to climb onto to remove the poster . ralph and the other little tidbit , ira , - x be guess who else be here . tra Zolo ... x ralph give this man a cigar -- you be goddamn x Zain ee on eater be } ece th a cautle tra have he get he boy with he ? x c42 ( at 74 cont . ralph not yet -- he 's makin ' do with this local yo - yos . ira Ralph , goddamn it , I do not care what you do , just get I that map <- just get it ! ralph do not yell at I , ira . I tell ya this idea suck from the word go ! he fall off the chair and ira hang up in equal anger glaring at a anxious Elaine . ira Little sister take the wrong road and that third party I tell you about ... he 's tagging along . elaine the man who kill my husband . ira the butcher who kill you husband . a very powerful man -- with he own private army to back he up . : whether he call himself Dr. Zolo , ' Minister of antiquity , ' or Colonel Zolo , deputy - Commander of the secret Police , he 's still juste a@ butcher -- and right now Joan Charles be New York sirloin . ( stab Elaine 's unfinish steak ) : I sincerely hope that girl learn : to get she ass in gear . he toss the steak through the porthole . we 15 — 76 _ p.0.v. shot 77 King croc 's enormous jaw catch the meat as he sun himself on a spit of sand in the first - well bog . cur to : ext . mountain road - day ( rain ) . . 78 Joan 's suitcase be drag in mud . up ahead Jack have pause , look back at she struggle vainly after he . cont. c42 73 cont. jack suitcase ? : joan no -- well -- my thing -= my clothes . : jack y¥ 'got a. raincoat ? joan no. jack how ' bout a comfortable psir of walk shoe ? joan ( swallow rain water ) . no -- I -- they be all like this ? jack oe uh-huh . ( sigh ) okay . ~ he go and offer a hand sweetly . she gladly accept ; give he the suitcase . he promptly walk a couple of step and fling it the hell away into the underbrush . jack ( walk on ) now maybe we can make time together . Joan be simply astound . she start to say something but -= whoosh ! the ground give way under she foot , she vanish , a scream roller - coaster out of she mouth . Jack glance over the mountain , check the earth beneath he . p.o.v. shot : 73 ° a crack zigzag around he foot . back to scene , 69 jack sonuva < = =c0 . c42 earth chute , a 81 like a amusement park ride , Joan fly downward , riding the landslide follow by Jack . Joan careen on a curve , Jack behind she , wild , sledless racer , . CUT to : bottom of mountain - rain 82 Joan crash to a halt off the main slide . Jack tumble on top of she . - sack whoo ! nroll off she ) this turn out to be one helluva mornin ' ! Joan be too stunne to speak . jack you okay ? she do not even hear he . her coat be in shred , she skirt hang on by a button , the rain wash through she hair , rinse down she suit . jack I say , be you hurt ? still she 's stunne . jack / what would the fall leave you paralyze from the neck up -- be you hurt ! joan not . jack good ! ( grab she hand ) then what 's you name . joan ( another handshaker for she to contend with ) -- Joan Charles -- jack Joan Charles . {big grin ) welcome to colombia . cot to : c42 of ig ei oo with ' the photograph of jack dreamsoat - closeup 87 now it resemble parchment , because -- pulling back -- the storm have pass and Jack take if off the rock where it 's be drying . he fold it up secretively , take he shirt off another rock . Joan be somewhere by herself , crawl around . Jack notice , be concerned , it look like she might be ill . jack ( go cover ) what 's the matter -- be you sick ? joan I lose my button . jack what ? cont . he . a7 cont jack ogoing over ) what 's the matter -- be you sick ? joan I lose my button . x jack what . . joan the button for my sleeve -- x I drop it . * not only be the cuff hang loose without the button but x so be the sleeve itself , tear slightly at the shoulder , Jack go over and rip the whole thing off . jack Problem solve . he follow that by stride over tc where she shoe be x drying on a rock , pull out he machete , take one of the shoe , and with a lightning swipe whack off half its heel . he do the same to its mate . joan : ( rise , horrify ) that be italian ... jack now they be practical . Joan stare at they , aghast , hold up she skirt . now he come back at she , tip she skirt , intimately tie it , sarong -style . . joan be nothing I own sacred to you ? jack only you three hundred seventy - five dollar . : he 's start away again . Joan sive he a real bad x look behind he back , then spot the buttsa on the ground . just for the defiant heck of it she bené to pick it we ané the instant she do , bullet rip into the tree exactly behind the space she head just fill . jaci uive , + behind a boulder , p.g.v. shot six police and Santos be at the ecge of tne road . another o~ volley of shut ring out . back to scene 83 jack ( ducking ) cop ? what the keil do they want ! I have not even do anything -- lately . Jack go for the binocular in he pack . cont . c42 jack and joan 39 - b jack ( something click ) it 's you ! he be tracking you ! who the hell be you ? joan ( what else can she say ) I '' a romance novelist ! as the police still shoot at they : jack what be this guy , from the New York Review of book ? ( grab she ) what be you do here ! joan io tell you ! my sister 's life depend on I ! jack do not gimme that shit -=- I think you be donate a kidney or something ! the gun cease . Jack dare another peek through the binocular , jack damn ... cont . c42 revised - " romancing the stone " - 7/11/83 jack and joan it 's jack ( something click ) oul he be tracking you ! who @ hell be you ? joan { what else can she say ) I be a romance novelist . jack {sick of this crap , grab she ) what be you do here ! I tell joan you ! my sister 's life depend on I ! jack do not gimme that shit -- I think you be donate a kidney the gun cease . binocular . damn ... or something ! Jack dare another peek through the jack | 33 - a bu-d c42 p.o.v. shot 90 the police be drop rope , rappelling down the mountain , pack rifle and machete . Santos ' car leave at the top race off along the road , one man in each . back to scene 91 jack if you could try on the shoe now , it would be a big help . she do so . fast . squeeze off a few round , Jack and Joan dash across a clear into the jungle , bullet strafing the ground behind they . CUT to : tree : : 92 charge through , branch slap at they face , snag they clothes as Jack sling he rifle over he shoulder , and whip out he machete . joan ntry to catch up ) wait -- : jack ( get the hell : out ) the deal 's off , lady ! cur to : ext . clearing 93 Zolo , Santos and four of Santos ' man , race across the clear draw machete . CUT to : ext . jungle - day 94 face scratch , clothes pin to the skin , sweat streak they face as Jack hack through the tropic midday furnace . behind they be the whistling ring of machete . jack y'know what I like about you . joan what . cont. c42 94 conc. jack nothing ! what would you do , wake up this morning and say today I be gonna ruin a man 's life ? join the ringing machete , men' voice , yell back and forth . CUT to : jack and joan . 94 - a run . — _ -— joan I do not park you jeep in the middle of the road ! jack you be bad news , comin ' my way . he glance back . p.o.v. shot 95 glint of silver flash through the density , slice faster and faster . back to scene 95-a Jack sweat on . joan you know where you be go ? jack I dunno ~- it 's some kinda trail , be not it ! curt to : 20 lo and company , 95 - B more machete to make better time with -- come on fast . CUT to : jack and joan 96 Jack hack through a thicket , come to a sudden halt , like a crossing guard , shoot he e2t to stop Joan . sho peek over , eye tripling in since . - c42 p.o.v. shot - suicide ridse 27 the land crop a sheer 706 foot to a wild river below . back to scene 98 Jack just turn to she . jack Lady , you be a jinx . joan but there 's a bridge . there be gnarly growth on all side , a few foot off , a rickety vine - cover bridge , rotten , break board its walkway . sack ( pull out he rifle ) that 's not a bridge , that 's pre-colombian art . now he 's knelt behind a tree trunk , aim he rifle at the thrashing thicket back the way they have go . jack I only wish I know what I be die for . meanwhile behind he , Joan take a first tentative step onto the bridge . the board groans , but hold . jack ( still aim , shaking he head ) why do not we listen to we mother ... board behind Joan drop out . no way back , she can only keep on go -- terrify . as the machete glint closer : jack --. coulda be a coemetic surgeon by now . five hundred thousand @ year -- up to my ear in tit x and ass . Joan take another nervous step . tosupare +x-playmate conmin ' ane goi not ... $e cont . | -- Jack turn -- @ be swing out VIS wa ith a gasp , st xt board josn st in panic grab a vine . over W sack p.o.v. 99 Joan spectacularly tarzan it across the deep gorge , to safety on the far clifi , crash through a wall of vegetation . back to scene 100 mouth open , Jack move to the bridge , grab a vine . pack on , _ he sling on the rifle , test the vine . it feel solic . he step back for the leap -- the vine fall , limp in he hand . he groan . the machete near . Jack grab another vine , just take the leap . Jack fly over the abyss , but he vine 's clearly too long . Jack bang into a wall - of rock below the cliff 's lip . releasing the vine , Jack scramble for hand -hold , toe-hold , he rifle slip off . he look down . much later the rifle clink om the rock below . jack . ( hoarsely ) Joan ?... Joan ! . CUT to : cliffside " 202 knee scrape , hand burn , Joan be freak cut . not know Jack have follow after she , she duel with the safety cap of a valium container as a hand rise over the cliff 's edge , claw for ground a good distance behind she , behind the curtain of vegetation . jack ( o.8. , rasped whisper ) Joan ... in another world , she be intent on the cap . Jack 's cther hand appear , he face , distort with effort . he dzag himself up over the rim . Joan turn as Jack break through the thicket , '' stalk toward she , grab the container . vaiium ! jack x ( lobbing container high and away ) I coulda be kill ! c42 c42 revised - " romencing the stone " - 7/16/83 38 vise ~ ou romang tn 10l cont a shot zing the ground . Jack dive , Joan after he , into the jungle 's cover . cuT to : back on the other side of the gorge 1g1 - a Zolo and Santos have come to the bridge , obviously no way across it now . Zolo might kill Santos just with he look . santos . x ( in Spanish ) we will never catch they now . zolo x {in Spanish ) I will catch they . qut = 102 - 103 - a cur to : ext . lower riverbank - day / night 104 Jack look at the last moment of sun . Joan drag up , ' collapse . Jack throw down he stuff . she 's tug almost unconsciously at clot of mud in she matte hair . he toss she a flashlight . jack you can wash in the river . it 's safe ... I will be upstream . we 105 ccut to : c42 ext . gentle inl let in the eerie twilight , Joan remove she glimmer . leave blcouse panty , z the water cautiously at first , then finally iet it she lean back , let the river rinse she hair . at la moment 's peace . until shé feel a presence , turn . Jack , crouching on the bank right behind she . she sink lower in the river . joan you say you would be upstream . . tack in that water ? you gotta be kiddin’ . x I would not bathe in that water if you pay I . she do not think this be funny . joan do you mind if I get out now . z jack tell I about you sister . joan x ( now imagine all sort of thing in the water ) I do not think I be alone in here . jack tell I about she . x joan I do . ‘{a jungle noise x distract she ) what more do you want ! jack I would like to know what I have get x into . joan the deal you make be to get I to a phone . that 's as far as it go . jack what kind of trouble 's she in ? joln «»eHer husband die . I have come to ... comfort she . cont. c42 33 - a 106 cont . jack you expect I to believe that ? joan . it 's the truth . Jack stare hard , weigh the word . jack okay . we will keep on . he turn away . she can not wait to get out of the water . joan do not turn around ! he stop , obey . she get out quickly -- and he turn around . she grab up the clothes she leave on the bank , walk stiffly to dress behind a tree too narrow for the purpose . joan how far be cartagena ? while she dress , Jack undress , eyeing what he can see of - she striptease . : jack : oh , two hundred fifty to three hundred mile . joan {moan ) we really be in the middle of nowhere . jack that 's right . he lie back happily on the bedroll he 's laid under a sheet of plastic stretch between two tree . the one bedroll -- that she. peek at anxiously . jack xk this be not about sex , it 's about thing that crawl in the night . joan actually , I be not really that tired . strange , be not it . yeah , real st : cont. c42 106 cent .? she reattach she skirt , have to bend beyond the thin tree to accomplish this . emerging again , she continue to ponder x the sleep arrangement . he move over to make room for she . she pretend not to notice , look around instead . joan I think I will just , uh ... she position herself awkwardly on a big rock , tucking she foot under she , perch off the ground . joan I 'il be fine right here . this be comfortable . . Jack 's see bed of nail that look more comfortable . he shrug , turn over . he look comfortable lie there , and she know it as she stare at he , then look around some more , shiver in the night air . a strange screech in the jungle make she turn that way ~- and whaa ! -- some horrible beetle drop on she from a branch above she ! she jump off the rock , shoot the hell into the little tent beside Jack . after a moment , she calm down , feel better -- except for the way she 's treat Jack , . joan ( start to say it , stop then go ahead ) I know I have not ... be very helpful . she hear the lightest snore . we 107 CUT to : ext . jungle - bedroll tent - night 108 Joan wake with a start when Jack 's arm fall over she breast . Jack roll over , face cuddle +o she neck . she navigate x a turn , eye he . he seem asleep . a TWIG snap nearby . Joan glance o.s . joan' p.o.v , ios light flicker and dance within the tree . the police be close , c42 a hand 116 a hand , Jack 's , slide over Joan 's mouth . her eye find he . he be wide awake . more thing crack in the dark . Jack guietly reach for he machete . : a strong flashlight beam seek its prey , move toward the tent . it miss the foot of the bedroll by inch , Jack 's head by a cross hair , move 'on . 2 Zo0 lo cough . Jack finally exhales , take he hand off she mouth , look at she . she bury she head in he chest . he keep listen to the night . we 110-a - 116 curt to : ext . jungle 116-a x Zolo keep go with Santos and he man <= until Santos trip over something and fall to he knee at Zolo 's foot . santos ( in Spanish , exhaust } it 's hopeless -- we have lose they . : Z0 lo ( in Spanish , grab radio ) gimme that radio ! CUT to : ext . police outpost - night 116 - 3 x Santos and he man return to they base with Zolo . they look tired and humiliate . '' but now they all start to look up c~ something wait for they ahead . something more humiliate still . Zolo 's personal death squad . lit by the glow of the oilérum fire they stand stoically around . six of colombia 's elite force . hard , stone - eye face . in crisp uniform . pack automatic weapon . a Zolo arrive with Santos and he bunch , whose mouth be all droop . one of Zolo 's soldier step forward , salute , stiffly hand Zolo he own crack uniform , in its plastic dry-clean bag . c42 not int . police outpost - rack room : 1i6-c Santos make note in a little book , one of he man make coffee on a potbelly stove . Z915 appear -- frame intensely in the doorway in he full regalia . he step in , two of he soldier behind he , take the notebook from Santos , toss it into the stove . zolo you will make no report . santos oreach for it ) but I always -~ Zolo grab he wrist so he can not take he hand out of the stove , hold it in - the fire . Santos ' man raise he rifle , but faster than a blink Zolo 's soldier have automatic weapon point at he . machismo meanwhile , have prevent Santos from cry out . zolo no report will be file , comprende ? santos Si , si , si , comprendo . 20 lo0 gracias . . nlet go ) you see , this be a personal matter , not official business . you and you man will forget this day . . santos Si , it be already forget . he stare at he scorched hand , fight back the pain . Zolo throw a brotherly arm around he shoulder . Z0 lo this be fortunate -~ since '' - i_know where you child sleep . CUT to : oe ee ee see ee a eee bee ext . mountain road - dawn llé-d xxx the renault be at roadside . Ralph be askeep in the back , Joan 's book spread out on he chest . suddenly a roar of jeep . Ralph wake up violently , bang ‘his head . he tumble out of the car , hurt himself again . he crouch low as the jeep roll by , terrify to see Zolo at the head of the column , sit there like patton , not to mention he awesome man . when they be out of sight , Ralph hurry back into he car , start it after the jeep ' dust . cuT to : ext . riverside clearing - daybreak 117 a zipper mark engrave on she cheek , Joan open sleep - wrack eye , blink to focus . Jack 's go . her purse be go . she jump up like a shot , panicked , all alone . Joan rush through the jungle , turn around some tree -- and there he be -- peruse the map a short distance off , the content of Joan 's purse scattered about . joan ( stomping over ) put that down ! give I that ! you have no right -- Jack jerk it away , sidestep she lunge . joan give it to I , goddamn you -- give it -- jack what be it . . joan it 's mine ! jack ( gead its title ) El corazon ? joan I do not know what it be ! break down , Joan crumple to she knee , start slowly gather she thing . caz - a 117 cont . joan someone 's kidnap my sister . if I deliver the map , then she - go free . that 's all I know . jack ransom . - they be hold you sister for ransom ? for El corazon ? he hand the map back , she return it to she purse . he crouch down , help she put thing back . jack : +». why do not you tell I that . joan «-- I do not think I could trust x you . jack i nearly die back there for you sister . anywhere back there . pick a place ! joan t'was tell to tell no one , all right ! jack Fine ! but if we be talk ransom , what 's with all the cop ? joan ( shaking she head ) I only know I be suppose to be there already . the Hotel emporio in cartagena ... maybe they have kill she . jack ( stand ) do not worry about that . as long as you have get the map to El corazén , you sister 's gonna be just fine . ( help she up } you will come through for she , Joan Charles . 117 cont.1 | joan ( look at he ) do you know what this El corazén be ? jack ( turn away ) have not get a clue . he go back to gather he own gear , look longingly once more at the picture of he dreamboat . out 118 - x 120 CUT to : ext . jungle - day 121 inching forward , Jack clear a path . Joan 's hair be wilder now , curling . she be edgy . Jack be get fire up . cont . c42 c42 jack y'know , uh , that map you have get there -- it refer to Santa nari Province . joan se. jack so we be walkin ' through it . do not that twist of fate intrigue you ? joan no. jack well , be not you the least bit curious ? you have get this old map . what do old map lead to ? joan I do not care . jack treasure , they lead to treasure . El corazon -- that 's Spanish for the heart . you map lead to the heart ... but the heart of what ? heart of heart ? heart of stone ? heart of ... gold ? joan ( can not believe this discussion ) you do not even know what it be . jack well , shit , it must be valuable -- we have get half of colombia chase after we . . joan you be damn right it 's valuable -- you say this map be my sister 's life . jack ( hedge ) what I mean be ... whatever 's at the end of the mao be vour sister 's life ! get vor : eae : you will hb c42 revised = '' romanc stone " = 7/16/83 47 joan you could not care less about my sister . all you be after be a guick buck . some birdnapper bum he way through the jungle take money from woman in distress -~ jack ( turn on she ) hold it right there . I be out here bustin ' my ass keepin ' you alive so you can rescue this sister i never even meet -- you do not tell I jack - shit about cop or bullet or you rave tranquilizer addiction -- and y'know what really burn my ass ? '' - in all this time , you have not even ask I my name ! she stand there , know she 's a ass . joan ( soft ) «» . what be you name ? ~ jack Jack Colton . : oturn to go ) and you will get no apology from I . we 1l22 - 123 CUT to : c42 bee et eee tye at ext . jungle = late afternoon ( rain ) 124 clear the path . Jack work like a maniac . he take a final whack , drop . joan * we be stop ? with a long -suffer look , Jack hurl the machete , which embed in the banana tree , near Joan . jack be my guest . challenge , Joan grasp the machete 's handle . first attempt be clumsy , but then she get the rhythm . Jack watch the graceful sway of she body . then he hear a noise in the jungle , turn . she hear it too , stop in mid-machete swipe , turn . joan what be it ? jack ( turn forward again ) nothing . she turn , complete she swipe -- CUT to : to u p.o.v. shot - a man' edad a mostly de -fleshed . back to scene 126 Joan shriek , jump back , drop the machete . Jack x flash over , cautiously pulis aside foliage . he start too -- instine * ively grip she shoulder to comfort she . p.o.v. shot 127 a skeleton protrude from the cockpit of a crash dl3 ensnarl in tangle . a ancther skeleton be strapped inside , still in aviator shade , shred of a aloha shirt . back to scene 128 Joan and Jack creep along the grow - over fuselage . Jack x go through a gape hole into the fuselage . Joan coe not . joan be there anybody else ? jack ( o.s . ) no -- it 's a cargo plane . . - ( SUT to : int . fuselage , . 129 Jack survey the freight . mysterious gauze - cover bale be stack everywhere . jack ( as Joan cautiously x enter ) now this sure lock like a place to get away from it all . Jack slip off he pack , exhaust . Joan perches on a bale , slide off she purse , eerily eyeing the carge . joan what be all this ? jrck all this ? five-to-life . ( check he gear where 's the machete ? joan cont. c42 i239 cent . jack you drop it , you get it . and while you be at it , see if you can rustle up some . bananas . when she exit , Jack spy she purse nearby , immediately take out the map . close on the nap 130 several landmark , one a @raw of Satan with pitchfork , x at a crossroad . a Spanish phrase . : angle on jack - 131 repeating phrase . jack x tenedor del Diablo ... Devil 's fork ... check over he shoulder , he hear she come back , like a flash put the map back in she purse , lean back against X the bale , close he eye in a expression of utter innocence . a shadow fall over he . he look up . he p.o.v. . oo 132 Joan stand above he , machete poise over she head ; hold a bunch of bananas . angle on jack and joan 133 instantly , the blade fall , nearly skin he ear , to lop off the head of a snake . beat . Jack swallow , glad he 's still get a neck to do it with . he give Joan a x rather amaze and unsure look . Joan be surprised by she own boldness ; perhaps even veyuely proud . still recover , Jack pick up the snake . throw xx Joan another look . - jack - snakeburger .. ,.comi no. up . * _ £ cut to : ga c42 ext . dc3 - night a soft rain fall , smoke rise , a warm cliow of flicker through the fuselage window . cur int . fuselage - night closezeup of skinned snakemeat on skewer , roasting they exit shot as Jack place another grass brick campfire where other be stack like log . the layer with smoke . he be ccoke the snake that earlier . . jack now that 's what I call a campfire . joan a bit smoky , do not you think ? Jack take a deep breath , hold it . 134 over the fire . atop the air be thick , Joan kill cont . jack yup , that 's how I like ‘em , that 's how I like them . he exhales , pop a smake chunk . Joan 's actually a little high herself . she take a bite of snake too . : joan Boy , this be great . ( munch away ) really good . he 's watch she reach for another piece . and as she knock it back she look at he . have avoid meeting he zye in quite this dead - on way the entire journey , he 's rather off - put . joan . I have always admire people like you . x jack birdnapper ? x joan no , I mean , who do what you do . x jack take money from woman in distress ? beat. , . joan I '' sorry I say that thing . jack ( pause ) what be it you think I do ? x joan lead a life of adventure , x probably of danger . cont . jack ( privately pleased she would think so ) you have get it . let I tell you about the danger of bird wrangle . that cockatoo be a bitch . joan yes , but live off the lend , do not have to answer to anyone , go down you own road -- you be one of the last of you kind . jack ( eat it up ) yeah -- do not make ‘em like I anymore . beat . joan but what 's the downside , Jack Colton ? jack : »-- can not think of a thing . jqan get kind of lonely , do not it . she 's get he number , and she insight leave he silent . eye lock . jack ( awkwardly ) guess I would better throw another key on the fire . joan owatch he } what be you before you come down here ? jack - what d' you think . joan ski bum , beat . Jack try . to regain some composure . somewhere out west . 2 conu.d they x '' jack Colorado . joan what would you do when the snow melt ? another beat . jack sold real estate . ( shake he head ) Boy , you get a way of reduce thirty - six year to the lowest common denominatsr . Joan go over , give he a kiss on the cheek . — joan Jack Colton , thank you for everything . {about to go ; turn ) and the snake be delicious . cont. -o ; on c42 Joan turn end make she bed among the bale < I contraband . Jack Colton watch Joan Charles in a brand new light . CUT to : rolling hilis - morning 135 Long clear of the jungle , Jack and Joan mount a rise , both seem a little hacy from last night . jack ( stop ) I hear bell . joan . ( move past ) you will hear more than that , keep roll that kind of campfire . jack no , no , listen . she cock a ear . on the wind , a faint SOUND , hundred of tinkling bell . they hurry over a small rise , see a small town snuggle in the hill above . cont. c42 135 conc. joan ( hurry down ) look , Jack , civilization . jack maybe . joan maybe , they will have a phone ! jack might . joan or a car . jack could be . joan and breakfast ! jack let 's not get too carry away here . ccur to : ext . hillside cemetery - morning : 136 Jack and Joan wind up through the graveyard . near each . headstone be a wooden cross , bell tie to it , tinkling in the breeze . Jack glance at a marker ; it read " gringo . " he speed up . . cur to : ext . high ridge 137 one of Zolo 's elite hold the binocular . he speak some Spanish ; the Driver start the jeep . cur to : ext . village of bell - morning 138 cling to a borderline existence , narrow dirt street separate stucco building scar by neglect . no car , no ' phone booth . only small cluster of men lurking at doorway @ll up the street , a few horse . Jack and Joan walk into town , up Main Street , Jack look real leery . Joan clutches she purse tightly . she smile at a man ; he expression remain unchange . cont. c42 ~~. -- - 3 138 cont . — joan friendly , be not they . jack drug-runner . just try to look mean . she try . jack and keep quiet . they move up the street , and Jack , sense something over he shoulder , glance back -- see one bad hombre trail they . CUT to : deeper into village . 138-a X Jack look over he shoulder again . now there be two bad hombres drift after they . & little further , he check again . four bad hombres . CUT to : deeper into village 138-b °x Jack glance over he shoulder . six bad hombres . now Joan stop , turn around as if she 's know the bad hombre have be there all along -~ appeal loudly to then . joan we be just look for a car ! Dead silence . then the lead bad hombre step forward menacingly . bad only one car in village . ( point a lean finger ) Juan -- the bell maker ... cont . Jack and Joan look up the hill -- at the building be point out . we 139 cuT to : ext . abandoned church 140 clay mould for the casting of bronze church bell , crack , decaye like the town , sprout in row outside the church . Jack be - more edcy than before , and for once he 's try to X keep up with Joan , the path a rough one . joan will you calm down . jack I have hear about this guy . he 's bad . . joan the bell maker ? jack : whatever you do , do not tell he what we use for campfire fuel . x last night . . . joan huh ? jack the plane we sleep in -~ I think that 's probably one of he lose shipment . . joan y'mean he 's a -- jack " dust do not say it out loud . just xx back off . I will take care of this . they round a corner , head for a ramshackle settlement -~ shed , house , unmend fence -- real erucdy . they walk to the front door , such as it be , a small peephatch its only improvement . Jack knock . hatch open . jack Buenos dias . juan whaddayou want , gringo ? cont. c42 340 cont . jack uh -- we hear you have a car . we would like to rent it , or buy it -- we have to get to a town or something . x juan what do you call this I be livin 's x in , a pigsty ? jack no , no , no == all I mean -- juan hit the road . jack look , all we -- juan hit the road . jack we just -- a colt navy .45 , six - shooter muzzle appear in the peephatch , cock . . juan vaya con dios , gringo . jack ( back off ) okay -- be cool , be cool -- we be x goin ! he glance at Joan -~ she 's look back the way they have come . jack oh , Jesus ... the bad hombre , come this way . jack ( scoffing ) write we out of ' this one , Joan Charles . juan ( from behiné door ) Joan Charles . Joan Charles ? the docr creep open . cont. c42 149 conte . juan the Joan Charles ? Jack and Joan stare at juan . thirtyish , aloha shirt , shade , very , very casual , but no fool . juan you be Joan Charles , the novelist ? joan well , yes , I be . juan zi read all you book ; I love you book . come in , come in . : ( to a perplex Jack ) the great novelist . will you get the door , please . cont . suddenly Joan 's the mover and Jack 's the follower . he 's not X thrilled , but as Juan usher Joan inside Jack coc qui they , escape the approach hombre , disperse they slamm the door . CUT to : int . juan' house 14di a real pad . thick cushion , mood lighting , very westernize . stereos , gadgetry , remington painting , sculpture , bookcase , java lamp . Jack and Joan enter gape . juan '' ( to Jack ) ever read ' the return of angelina ? 's that woman , ch , she make I hungry . jack ( look at Joan in another new light ) no I never ... turn that page . juan never ? ( slip it from bookcase } here , read it , take it . Jack glance at the cover art : a woman in a wanton pose , x indian / gypsy dress slip off she shoulder . he flip it over , see Joan 's photograph as Juan point out he collection to Joan . Jack be stunne -- she write this book ? she write all that other over there ? she 's someone -- and he think it 's great . : juan ' the raveger , ' ' wick , love kiss . ' I be wait for ' angelina 's Savage secret . ' and now you be here , in colombia ; you want a drink ? I get Jim beam here , Jack Daniel , anything you drink . what do you want , Joan Charles ? want to take a jacuzzi , play some music ? he turn on some music . joan - actually , I would vike en want 2 eben cali . cont. 141 cene . juan no phone , no phone , I ha phone . have 2 drink , let 's hang out . ( at bar , proud ) look , I get Southern Comfort , I get stolie , I get michelob ... x Joan set she purse down on a table -- Jack eye it . juan --- I get a Heineken -- x jack you get a xerox machine ? x Joan do not appreciate that at all , pick up she purse again . juan yes -- but she 's break . x x joan Juan , where be there a phone ? x juan many mile from here . x _ . joan . . could you take we , in you car ? : , x juan : / who tell you I have a car ? x joan : the man in the village . x juan they say I have a car ? they be comedian . they mean my little mule . Jack , mid-gulp , share a look with Joan . we 142 - 143 CUT to : c42 c42 ext . village of bell Las at the end of the desert street , Zolo 's two special jcep roll into town -- four men have join Zolo 's death squad . all carry assault rifle . the jeep stop at the cantina , a senora sit on the stoop . Zolo , and two man jump down . Zolo glance through the cantina door . empty . . 20l0 ( to sefiora ) gringos , americano ? the sefiora shake she head . Zolo yank she to she foot , throw she inside the cantina , follow . after a few moment of dead silence , he reemerges , close he stilleto . zolo the Bell - maker . unseen by Zolo , a small boy dart out of the cantina and x run off along the street toward juan' . cuT to : ext . juan' house 145 jeeps pull up , Zolo and he man take position , move toward Juan 's compound . - . blam ! a vehicle blast through a shed 's rickety @oor , nearly flatten 2 olo and soldier . a super-charged bronco do up western style . " the Little mule " emblazon on its side , do a incredible wheely up the street as soldier scramble to they jeep , shoot as they go . cur to : the bronco 145-a blast down the-street , disappear around a corner . x CUT to : around the corner _ 145- 3 straight ahead -- a big puddle with a pig nest in it ! x int . bronco - 145 -' Juan , Jack , Joan cramped in front . Juan in racing glove . X screeeeech ! he 's slammi the beake . the peanen skif to a halt just half a inch £ . rarr jack do we have to stop just now ? cont. c42 345-c cent. juan can not splash muc on my little x mule -- I just wash it . start .reversing . CUT to : zolo' jeep 145-d they be racing down the street , head for the same corner . X cur to : around the corner . 145-e the bronco come back the way it come . x the intersection 145 - F everyone meet ! a conflagration of dust and car , the bronco % turn a circle one way , the jeep the other way , a .30 cal . jeep gunner swinging cut on he gun , another jeep crasring into a fence , Zolo scream order - the bronco shoot past the intersection , away down the clear street again .. CUT to : int . bronco , : 145 -+ G Juan be in he element , pop in a cassette , turn to Joan , x much to she and Jack 's dismay . : juan the music of angelina ! cur to : zolo' jeep 145-8 Zolo get they organize in the right direction again , thex chase continue . int . bronco . - 146 Roaring to the edge of town , Juan turn onto a dirt road es x gunfire blast pass , jeer on they tail . juan {calmly ) > look cver there , see over there by cont . a a hw revised - " romancing the s$ ? Jack an@ Joan exchange a look as gunfire con juan opoint ) and see the third tree up that ridge ? my brother plant that tree . tince , revised - " romaicing the '' 69 146 cont. jack ( peer around Joan ) this guy 's crazier than I be . juan oh , gracias . yeah , that 's x lupe 's Ridge , and right now we comin’ to lupe 's Long walk ! the bronco be airborne , fly off a crest , Joan cover she eye . ourt 147 - 150 ext . bronco : 151 slam down into open terrain , it careen toward a thicket of tree , suddenly veer off , back into the open . cut to : int . bronco 152 jack oglance o.s. } ' that be cover ! that tree ! , juan ( gesture ) I want to show you this field . x here , in eighteen fifty , my ancestor fight the paragucchis and win the right to irrigate . a bullet zing metal . jack ( unnerve ) that 's great , Juan . and zoom -- now the bronce blast into a cornzield , : x thrashing along a row of stalk . CUT to : zolo' jeep 152- a fly over the crest . int . bronco 152-5 whipping through the field , Juan suddenly shoot a arm out xx the window , rip out a plant in pass . a 6 - inch , juicy , ripe marijuana plant . juan bueno -- my crop be nearly ready . Jack do a double - take , grab the plant for closer inspection , x check out the window again . jack this be a cornfield ! juan I be glad you think so ! CUT to : ext , bronco 152+c as it rocket down the row == marijuana grow on the inside , xx below the level of the corn , all the way along . CuT to : the chasing jeep . 153 come through the field now too , Zolo and he man sniff X the air suspiciously . do not smell like a cornfield ought the . CUT to : ext . sloping hill 1s3-a the bronco jump out of the field , bomb up over the hill , x crash down on the other side . CUT to : z20l0's jeep 153-3 right behind . cur to : int . bronco - 153 - '' Juan shake he head . juan ( check rearview mirror ) this guy whe 's followin ' you -- he be very persistent . CUT to : . ext . bronco . 153-d flat cut , the bronco streak across 2 broad , parched flec , x c42 °> a rooster tail of dust spraying up behind it . CUT to : oo c42 revised ~ " romancing the stone " = 7/2 int . bronco 154 Dead ahead . a river . juan see that river ? jack the one without the bridge ? juan two hundred and forty - five tributary . : joan what do you mean , ' the one without the bridge ? 's juan it feed right inte the amazon . jack ( repeat it for she ) the one without the bridge ! the bronco accelerate , engine scream . juan this river be the main water supply for many village . the bronco quickly near the riverbank . jack Juan , where the hell ya go ?! cont. c42 154 conc. juan to lupe 's escape . I use it many time in the past . he produce a small electronic box similar to a garage door opener , point it straight ahead . CUT to : riverbank 155 break out of shrubbery camouflage , a narrow steel ramp rise out of the riverbank , giant hydraulic lifter grind it upwards . cur to : ext . bronco 156 it speed to the river , the ramp not yet visible . int . bronco 157 Joan clutching Jack 's arm , both anticipate a crash , Juan casually point o.s .. ext . riverbank 158 the ramp appear at the last moment ; the bronco roar up it , across three - fourth of the river , leap the remain gap . . cur to : int . bronco 159 .4s they land , glance back . . : cur to : a 20 lo jeep 159 -a the determine driver downshift . . driver ( in Spanish ) hang on ! he floor the pedal . CUT to : int . bronco 159- 3 Juan point he electronic gadget back over he shoulder , press its red button , CUT to : c42 ext . river 150 the end half of the ramp flip up like a lip , the first jeep on its way , bang into the metal wall . p.o.v. shot 160 - a four soldier fly over the top of the lip , freefall to the water below . cuT to : int . bronco 161 juan yeah , lupe be one time with the Army Corps of Engineers . some kinda guy . ' ioan -laugh , relieved , exhilerate . she turn to Jack , give he a big hug and a kiss . it 's hard to tell who 's the more thrilled . : CUT to : ext . river '' | 162 . Zolo 's jeep screech to a stop , Zolo stand in he seat . p.0.v. shot , ° 163 the vanish rooster - tail of the bronco . zolo 2 164 lock at he man , disgust once again . CUT to : ext . roadside = dusk ( outskirt of fiesta town ) 165 Joan be still high from the chase . she can not wind down , balance along the edge of the road , smell a flower , feel the wind on she face , lean into it ... ++- and Jack . just watch she . ' then look down at she book he 's keep with he . then over at she again . torn clothes , rumple , flow hair , she 's quite something , juan you be okay now == you need a little mule to use lupe 's escape -- that river can not be cross for two x hundred mile in either direction -- in fact , over that mountain the river becene wild -- muy peligroso ! waterfall , rapid -- angelina country , right , Joan ? joan ( teeter along ede ) whatever happen to lupe ? pane c42 165 conc , juan be reveal behind a tree on the other side of the bronco , relieving himself . it 's a dead tree , three upper limb tine - like , in the shape of ... Satan 's spear . juan aivryaieyai -- terrible disappointment to family . and Jack glance over there , and Jesus ! it hit he ! almost drop the book , that tree formation . joan iocan imagine ...-— juan he enter the priesthood . he come back up to they , zipping up . as Jack move forward , just stare at the tree . juan - I take over the business . be for the best , I be not so reckless . he might have end up hang from tenedor Del diable . ( thumbing back at tree ) : like use to happen to bandidos . Jack quickly look over at , Joan -- now she 's come over , look at the tree . . joan tenedor Del Diablo ? x Jack break out in a cold sweat but : : joan , emm . x and she turn away again . she do not make the connecticn ! juan I be sorry I can not take you al2 the way to cartagena . Beyond this town I be a want man . they be move back to the car now . x- : juan but in the morning there be . always a bus -- if will take you , Jack , last in , have one more parting look at the tree : before follow Joan 's nurse into the bronco . c42 out 1€6 - 167 ext . the bronco : 167 - a see through the pronge branch of the tree , soom away toward the twinkle light of fiesta town . cuT to : int . freighter stateroom 167 -8 ira be onthe phone again . Elaine be in the b.g. , sit on a cot , handcuff to a.rail , anxiously wait for the outcome of this call . ira Ralph , of all the thing you could say to I right now , ' I have lose she ! be what 's gonna get the most tooth break in you mouth . CUT to : int . phone boothe ( fiesta town ) 167 - cc Ralph here . the phone booth just outside the Hotel . cont. c42 ralph lemme tell you something , ira -- I do not like you . I have never like you . I do not like the way you think , I do not like the way you gress , I do not like the way you com > you hair either side of that silver bullet head of yours . and one more thing , ira ... he see Jack and Joan step out of the ridiculous bronce on the other side of the plaza . ralph «./ you be the luckiest bastard that ever walk the face of the earth . CUT to ; int . freighter stateroom 167-D Elaine perk a ear . tra . she 's there ? she 's right there ? she probably want to call I . ask she if you can hold she handbag . cur to : int . phone booth 167-e Ralph peek over he shoulder . the bronco zoom away . ralph she 's with some guy ... how the hell do I know -= she like guy , okay ? so do you . CUT to : int . freighter stateroom - 1é67 - F tra all right , just knock off the pathetic attempt at humor , Ralph and get I that map tonight ! no ' more screw -up , I do not care what you have to do , just get that map , y'hear I ? tell I you hear I , Ralph ! wy joan and sack 171l she 's head straight for the phone booth cutside the but all she can cs when she get there be hang about anx wait for the person inside ( with he back to she ) to vacate . Jack snatch a glance at she purse before she look back at he . joan ( shaking she head ) I do not know what i'm go to do new -- if this bus be not tomorrew morning . jack it 'il be all right . I toie you . she look at he . they do not quite know what to say to each other . joan ... Z guess I owe you some money . ( start digging in purse ) Three seventy - five ? c4 at - cont . he sack that be the contract , right ? x . jorn oh , yeah . . x she stare at the traveler 's check as if they be suddenly x givorce papers . clearly too nervous to sign they right now , she pen hover indecisively . jack why do n'tcha just make vour call . ( hold back the check ) . I can wait for my autograph . joan yeah -- yeah , okay . jack I will get you a room to clean up in . Joan watch Jack go into the hotel , so she do not notice Ralph covertly shuffle out of the phone beoth . when she look there it 's empty , so she go the it . we 172 CUT to : int . HOTEL - front desk 173 Jack tap the bell . the clerk smile indulgently . sack buenas tarde , sefior . tiene un cuarto para una noche -- con banho ? cont. c42 bivepee 6 rom ncing clerk {in perfect English ) I have nothing but vacancy . . ( flip open register ) it 's fiesta . no one sleep tonight ... Jack lean forward confidentially . jack ya get a xerox machine in this town ? the clerk point to one . in a corner . Jack stare at it for awhile . jack look kinda small . yy‘'think it take , like , uh -- ( as if he 's kid , spread hand ) -- map size ? we 174 CUT to : ext . HOTEL . uo 174 -2 in the shadow , Ralph watch Joan , illuminate in the phone booth , wonder how he can get that damn purse . x Jack come back out of the Hotel , meet Joan just out of the booth , finish signing he check . joan {with a tear in she eye ) : . I speak to Elaine -- she 's all right . they will wait for I to take the bus tomorrow . jack then slide , you be cover , joan I do not know . he sound so secure , let I stay here tonight ... : jack who . cont . 174-4 cont . joan the bastard who 's get Elaine . of before he let I talk to she -..he gloat -= - he revelle in it . jack sure -- you be bring he the map -- it 's what he want . : joan x yes , but what about that psycho cop who 's after we -- I be still worried about he . jack : x Nah , I figure he 's some private operator - = - and we lest he . you hear Juan -= you can not eross that river for two hundred mile in either direction ! he tuck a strand of hair behind she ear , and before he can take he hand away , she take hold of it . joan - of «s.at least let I . buy you dinner . press the check warmly into he hand . jack yeah -- okay -- sure . you go on up , take a hot bath . I will go find we some clean rag . ( check room key , give it to she ) we be in number Seven . cont . c42 l74-a conc. joan ( follow Jack into hotel ) we be in number seven ? jack ( back off ) I be sorry Joan , I do my - best , but it 's fiesta night -~- we barely get the last room . joan ( yeah , sure ) --- Seven 's my lucky number . cur to : across the STREET . 174-3 Ralph watch the Hotel ... bide he time ... wait for x nightfall . cur to : int . HOTEL bathroom ~ night 175 . steamy . Joan step from the bath , relaxed , wet , and beautiful . she towel - dry she hair , wrap on another , peek into the bedroom . her eye widen . a exquisite gypsy / indian dress be laid on the bed , similar to the angelina cover art , new shoe near it . touched , Joan hold the dress up to herself , return to the bathroom mirror . the steam be beginning to dissipate ... the dress , the tangle hair ... Joan 's reflection be dreamlike . spellbound , Joan wipe a section of mirror , a smile play at she mouth . she throw she head back with a soundless laugh of recognition . cuT to : c42 c42 int . barber shop - night 176 back to the mirror . Jack pay the bill then turn full - face to set on a new Panama . clean -shaven , newly -shorn , new shirt , white pants , the man be dude - out and look terrific . he give the Panama the slight tilt . out 177 CUT to : c42 int . HOTEL lobsy + nisut i768 Joan descend the stair . in the " angelina " cress . shiny soft hair . she 's better than cover art . a little shy , a little self - conscious , but a dazzler . Jack be enrapture . as she be at the sight of he . she arrive at he . nod she approval . jack Joan Charles ? ( offer she he arm ) May I have the honor ? she take the arm . they float out . out 179 - 181 CUT to : int . restaurant ~ night 182 dense foliage , candlelight , linen . romance on fifteen collar a day . tourist , well - off local . a combo serenade a party of twelve . eye shine , Joan wield a glass of " chicha , " Jack on the same flight . a waiter clear they dinner plate . Joan 's book be leave on the table between they . jack no , I mean it , I be impressed . nothin ' to be embarrassed about . joan I be not embarrassed . as a matter of fact ... I really like angelina . jack ( look straight ) at she ) so do i. joan you have not even read my book . jack that 's right . Joan watch the serenade . the man and woman dress in fine , old - style clothes , raise class of wine . it 's a tobiea from aun olecr er easier . a better tradition . bovlised = tura 182 cont = joan ( return to she oo book ) - I suppose it 's my way of live in another age . jack if you do , I would miss you . x she laugh , embarrassed . . joan x and you just live for the moment . jack what else be there ? especially x when you get moment like this . . joan ( raise she glass ) x there 's the future . jack there 's only now . x joan on : c'mon , Jack -=- I will drink to the moment if you drink to the future . cont . c42 22 cont. he raise he glass , clink it against hers . they drink , x look at each other , the serenade they soundtrack . then suddenly a hot salsa band start up outside , distracting they . Jack dig into he pocket . call over the music : sack '' I get you a little something . he drop a tangle fistful of trinket and charm on the table . jack — what can I tell ya -- they all have sick mother . joan you be a softer touch than I think . ( pick out a heart locket from the tangle} El corazon ?... I guess the heart be where you find it . he take she hand , stand . joan '' no , Jack -- I can not dance ! he 's pull she away from the table ... where she leave she purse , hang down from she chair . int . under the table 183 under the table , a long corridor be wall by linen tablecloth . and now at the other end ... Ralph . as Ralph move toward the purse , under - the-tabdle adventure unfold : a wad of money pass from hand to hand ; a woman rub a man 's thigh ; a wad of gum be secure table - uncerside ; shoe be kick off ( camera waiver ) ; a hand slide a boot dagger halfway out , ease it back ; a child 's hand creep cown he leg and unleash a cargo of vegetable at Ralph 's face . cut to : c42 gave be saee hundred of couple duance in the square , '' Joan into the midst of all the noise and mov int . under the table . 2 under the table , Ralph creep toward the purse . the bu he shoe snag on a iong dress hem ; the fabric be pull along with he . hy kle oo c42 ext . town plaza 1s5 '' a Jack downshift into salsa rhythm ; Joan i a few move , improve . Jack be 3 i a band member hane he a bottle ; fh as more people surge into the square chant : move to the rhythm . int . at the dinner table 186 x diner be spellbound , one man dribble he wine , all stare o.s . p.o.v. shot - a hefty senora ~ 7 487 the elastic bodice of she dress inch lower little by little , the jersey - stretch fabric strain , be puly down < rom under the table . under the table . 188 only inch from Joan 's purse , Ralph 's shoe buckle strain the hem . he reach for the purse , make one more move . at the table '' . 189 as a man gape , a woman gasp , the semora check she bosom , the. bodice about to go , see the strain fabric pull under the table . with herrer , she yank back she dress . . under the table . 190 a foot pull from under he , Ralph crash to he elbow , be drag backwards . the hefty senora 191 the sefiora reel in she dress , pull Ralph 's leg with it . a leg in she lap , the sefora jump up , upsetting the table , shriex . a hmaitre D ' hurry over , drag Ralph out . Ralph , be forcefully eject , give the maitre D ' a underhanded punch to the stomach . the maitre D ' pick Ralph up by the seat of he pants , carry he out of a door into a alley , begin beat the live shit out of he . CUT to : pe ell . town plala Jack and Joan dance up a storm , Joan , be now : really vetting into it . as the hot music build to a crescencs , firevwer as if on cue , be let off behind they . suddeniy ! a cloudburst . dancer , patron , scatter with good - nature squeal . the plaza empty , but for jack» a x Joan still dance , and the salsa Band play ‘on . after several beat , Jack pull Joan to he . the Sand play , the rain beat down , and Jack kiss Joan long and hard , the kiss so hot it would steam clam . ouT 153 - 194 int . HOTEL roch - night 195 the town Plaza be see through the window , late , empty , one or two drunk staggering around . c2mera move to bed . Hair matte to forehead , a drop of sweat pass from brow to cheek , male to female , roll down Joan 's cheek . Jack be over she , the room light by candle . he 's play with she hand . x jack - I meet a reform cannibal one time -- x he tell I the palm be the tastiest ~~ part of the human body ... but I like to discover thing for myself . ( move down she body ) smooth , sleek , graceful ... just like my lady . : joan what lady ? jack ' course she 's a bit faster than you be , and sleep more . she sleep six . ( a teasing smile ) you only sleep one . Rather than tease she anymore , he reach down to take the picture of he dreamboat from he pocket at the side of the bed . show it to she . jack someday ... if I have the money . CUT to : c42 195 cont . joan nroll onto he ) Jack , maybe this be someday . I wanna do it -- let 's go for El corazon . jack ( now unsure ) uh o= joan listen , you say it -- if I just waltz into cartagena and hand over the map , be they go to let it go at that ? iI will not give ‘em the satisfaction ! jack x yeah , but what about you sister —- you think it might be best to just take care of she . joan it might be best if I have more x than just the map -- if I have the treasure -- jack ah , you do not know if it 's treasure or what . cont . c42 242 joan I think that 's what all old map lead to {she kiss he ) I want to see you on that boat . jack it 's a big province . I do not know -- joan : you damn well - do -- that tree we stop at with Juan today -- it be a Devil 's fork , my friend . pause . she 's get he . she nod , jack «.. oh , yeah . smile , caress hin . joan I be here for you moment . you gonna be there for my future ? jack well -- maybe you do have a shot at make I a honest man . as he roll onto she again -~ and while he keep she occupy , he free hand reach down to he pack -= - take out the map -- put it back in she purse -- then come back up to caress she . camera moving back to window as the bedspring squeak ... cur to : c42 oo a a of n ext . back STREET outsid !: Ralph , bandage , stunne , stagger back the he rerpault and fall into it . , CUT to : ext . town - dawn the street be litter with bottle , wilted flower , a party dress , a drunken body drape over a tree limb , sloth -like . Zolo 's jeep rolis into town . Zolo look deject , but not xx so much as to look weak to he man . soldier ( in spanish} respectfully , Sir , you do the x best you could . zolo ( in Spanish ) I '' not finish yet . send for the x reserve . soldier . -( in Spanish ) but , Sir -- zolo {in Spanish ) send for they ! curt to : ext . the HOTEL - dawn : 198 Zolo 's jeep pull up . jzolo and he man wearily drag themselves inside . curt to : ext . HOTEL corridor . 199 his man enter room behind he , Zolo , maintain he x stiff upper lip , truck up the hall tc adjacent door . he move the key to unlock number Seven -- almost insert it recheck the key number . he take a sidestep , unlock number six . c42 room 200 alone now , shutting the door behind he , Zolo lose hi control , gzab a chair , fling it against = wall . then he sit down heavily - on the bed , he head in he hand . he tiredly teke off he gunbelt , pull eff he boot . a squeaxing of bedsprings seep through the paper wall . Zolo look up . Zolo pound on the wall . Jack respond in spanish , murfled , X through the wall . again it be quiet . jzolo close he eye . again the squeaking start . Zolo pound the wall , hard , four time . Jack unleash @ long stream of spanish insult , end with one word , in perfect engiish .° jack ( o.s . ) asshole ! Zolo go red with rage , start to respond but have to cough instead . he lift up the chair to smash it against the wall -- but suddenly pause with it in mid-air . zolo ( o.s. ) americano ... he drop the chair , quickly slide on he boot , pull out x X he gun . en . ; CUT to : corridor 201 at number Seven , Zolo raise he boot , kick the old board open . : curt to : HOTEL room | 202 the door bang open , Zolo charge in . the bed be empty : he rush to the small terrace . . ; CUT to : HOTEL terrace : 203 Zolo see Jack and Joan , still dress , climb into the renault , Jack throw he pack in back . we 204 ye c42 ext . primitive country road 214 the renault come around the ccrner , pass a roaésice shrine , skid to a stop . CUT to : int . renault 215 . joan there it be -- the shrine . point to it on the map she hold . Jack look at hor . jack yeah , okay , but let 's just think about this for one second ~~ ( adjust rearview mirror} ' cause I mean , goddamn it , this guy who 's on we tail be good , this guy be impress the hell outta I ! joan but we be so close . and you know it 's gonna be great , Jack . : whatever it be , it 's gotta be great . jack I know . . he put the car in gear . : ou ' 216 cut to : a soldier on horseback 217 a hundred yard back up the road . raise a walkie-talkie to he lip . soldier ( in Spanish ) they have turn into the road of the virgin. ( smile ) they will not get far . we 218 ext . jungle road : 219 it dead - end at a wall of vegetation border a river . tumbling water can be hear . Jack and Joan get out of the car . '' int . rosault we oo uw Jack pull out wire from under the dash . joan I will never forget that cough . jack anything in the back ? joan ( look ) just a bunch of crap . he 's still fiddling with wire , all . thumb . Joan reach over -- and turn the key leave in the ignition . we 206 cur to : c42 c42 terrace one of Zole 's man have rush out to join hi : , rais high - power rifle over the railing , aim at th renault . ut then Zolo push the barrel cown . have another idea . he lift up a walkie-talkie , start give order as he gaze after the car . Z0 lo they be go east to meet you . stay with they , but do not show yourself -- let they think they be safe . ext . road leading out of town - morning the renault bomb along . int . renault cur cur Joan have the map out , play with it , try to out . jack anything ? joan I do not know -~- look , there 's some .stuff on the back too . jack do it mean anything ? joan maybe it 's suppose to be fold ... ( try , but it do not help } no , I guess not . jack Hell with it -- we will take one landmark at a time . anyone after we ? joan ( look back ) no -~ we must be okay . e perting ee have to : 207 - a to : 207-8 figure it out 208 - 213 c42 she fold ' joan ( stare at dead - end ) it can not be far . can not be . jack . landmark do not stay the same , that 's all . thing grow on you . joan Jack ... ( listen to tumble water ) you hear that ? jack waterfall ? cont . the map again -- and this time properly . a picture of a waterfall be create . jack ( look at she ) where 's you get this thing -- outta mad Magazine ? we 200 - 223 CUT to : a magnificent waterfall 224 cascade down . Jack and Joan thrashing acress a - pool toward it . ouT 225 - 226 cuT to : int . cave 227 Jack and Joan make they way along a dark tunnel , fiashlight shine the way . they turn jack ( refer to map ) " leche de madre ? ' mother 's milk . the heart be warm by mother 's milk ... a corner . ( stop gead ) I will be damned . sd2 a naturally form cavern . rivulets , dzippir . shallow pool . stalactites end stalagnite ; prehistcric tooth . the velvet moss , lime formaticn , cave a eerie wet beauty . and in this midst -- one c == illuminate in a shaft of light -- drip calciux deposit -- a pool of white liquid form on the floor undernearh it . qut 228 . CUT to : jack fold - out field shovel 229 start digging into the slime . Joan do what sti with a stick . she push she hair back with a clean smile happily at Jack . joan I can not believe I be do this . jack what ? joan digging for treasure ... with you . he smile back , just as pleased . joan Jack ... you be the best time I ever have . jack ( that get to he ) x ... never be anybocy 's best time before . crack . the shovel hit something . Jack freeze . he drop the tool , dig in with he hand . find the selic cbtect , try to get a handhold come up with it , almost lose it , but then get a good grip in hoth hand -- hold it up . joan ( stare at it ; thunderstruck} Jack , look ... a priceless statue . jack priceless , hell . it 's a clay mould . my birdseed be worth more . he start to throw it away in the far reach of the cavern , but Joan shoot she arm out to stop he . x Sea in my first i: colh , 'o ' treasure of lust 's , they iid tne '' treasure inside the statne . , ' Jack grin , grab back the statue , crack it wi head . streak of light dart throughout the '' firefly , as the statue shatter apart , leave Jack hol a large heart - shape emerald . it shimmer a irridescent forest green . Joan grab the other flashlight , shine it on . the glow intensify . : jack ( spellbound ) Jesus Christ ... we could get in trouble for this . a noise . they turn . Ralph be here . with e gun . glaring . x : ralph a bunch of crap , huh ! x I will tell ya what 's a bunch of erap -- ( have Joan 's book ) this book be a bunch of crap ! toss Joan a Pan be flight bag ) put the emerald in there , Ms. Charles , I be sick of lookin ' at ya . they look at he . who be this little jerk who leok like he 's spend the last week in a tumble - drier ? jack who 's he ? joan I never see he before . ralph ( stamp he foot ) i'm talkin ' here ! joan sound like he 's from New York . jack be there anybody who be not follow you ? ralph I have not see New York in three year ! x y ' get that ? have not taste a blintz since I be thirty - eight ! now I be finally gettin ' outta this shit-hole and you be my ticket to freedom -- so gimee the & : tos have tae wee before batman come home . c42 they just stand there . cont net . c42 pete ue 229 Cone ... jack . who be this creep ? ralph I be the creep ? at least I be honest [ = I be stealin ' this stone -- I be not tryin ' of romance it out from under she ! Jack start to say something but : ralph x you people put I through hell ?! look at ya -- you be too clean ! ( start literally mud-sling ) } ya call this a book ! ( start jump on Joan 's book ) I be gonna kill you , I *m gonna kill that asshole ira , I be gonna kill anything that make a move in the next two second ! cut to : out 230 wall of vegetation : '' 231 all three appear up the rocky path . all drip anew fron the return through the waterfall and its pool . raiph stop Jack , motion Joan into the renault . ralph time I have a chauffeur . joan . ( upset about Jack ) x would you give we a moment -- to say good - bye ? ralph - to the con man ? what ami , . x miss lonelyheart ? this be not the climax of one of you potboiler == get you butt behind the wheel . joan x it be my idea to '' L stone . oo n '' a be cont. c42 231 cont . ralph x ha ! sure -- that 's what the great con artist always want you to think ! he make you think you need it ! give Jack a question parting look , Joan climb behind the wheel . Ralph scoot around to the passenger side , keep Jack cover . jack ( reassure she ) I will see you again ... . ralph in you dream , buddy ! see how you like be stick in South America ! cont. c42 Jack step forward as the renault speed off up the road , raise a hand to Joan , while she look at he grow smaller in the rearview mirror . he do not like South America one bit . not anymore . cur to : int . renault . 232 smug as a bug , Ralph pat the Pan be bag wedge in the console . Joan be tight - lipped . they streak through the tree , break the crest of the hill . Joan and Ralph 's face turn ashen , brake screeching . . : p.o.v. shot 233 Zolo 's sixteen jeep compose a awesome roadblock at the roadside shrine . CUT to : ext . road 234 Jack be kick down the road , hearing a growing ncise , distant gunshot , look up . be p.o.v. 235 the renault come bombing around a bend , in reverse . a moment later , Zolo 's jeep bomb around the same bend , gun blazing . the renault fishtail , nose head toward Jack . back to scene 236 - in a landscape of little cover , Jack turn on heel and flee . Jack run like a rabbit ; the renault bear dewn on Jack ; 2 olo and jeep bear down on the renault . look back , Jack gauge the approach disaster -- turn he eye forward -- do a split - second freeze frame mid-stride . , he p.0.v. 237 Zolo 's mount posse of 12 horsemen thunder toward he in the distance up ahead ! int renault 238 Joan and Ralph , also see the posse , wide - eye . c42 oe eee ee -+ ee back to scene 239 Jack stop dead - center of the road , west , east , catch in posse and jeep cross - FIRE . as the renault bear down on Jack , Joan exranks the wheel toe miss he , send the car into a triple doughnut . the passenger door fly open , anda Ralph fly out , he a@irt -slide landing parting he from he panam bag . Jack see it -- go barrel toward it . he scoops up the fumble , tuck it under he arm , take off for the end zone -- which be Joan drive lixe hell , run after she , then alongside she , but she will not pull hack . jack slow down ! joan . x they 'il catch we ! he jump in pony - Express style , gunfire cascade after he . the renault be now head straight back toward Zolo and jeep . CUT to : p.o.v. shot a . 240 Zolo perplex . back to scene - 261 the renault " U -ie " , back toward the posse . Ralph pick himself up from the dust , see the renault , Zolo , jeep in one direction , the posse come in the other . firing non-stop , the main contingent race straight for each other -~ the point of intercept -- Ralph . Ralph drop into the nuclear- bomb -defense -position generic to 1950 's classroom . cont . revised = " rct the renault and foliow jeep swerve to miss Ralph as the posse race past . ' through the dust we sed Ralph be miraculously untrample ané still ina nuclear bali . the renault turn off the road and roar toward the wall of vegetation , jeep in hot pursuit . we 242 gunfire and engine fading _ 243 Ralph cautiously peek over he arm . cont . p.o.v. shot 244 legs. horse 's leg . ralph 245 the posse have Ralph surround . close he eye , he rebury he head in he arm . cuT to : the jeep " 245 - a racing after the renault . cur to : int . renault 246 hole have be blow through the window . joan ( leok back ) they be gain ! jack . ( check ) . fast. p.0.v. shot 247 up ahead the terrain be impassable , but for one break in the wall of vegetation . back to scene 248 jack ( see it ) Joan , where be you go ?!! joan where be I go ?!! , CUT to : wall of vegetation : - 249 " the renault blast through the break in the vegetation , streak down the embankment , straight into the river ! joan ( throw up she hand ) lupe 's escape ! ga G wy 3 oo c42 c42 ext . river 250 Water pour in immediately , partially submerging the vehicle . but simultaneously , the fierce current grab it and drag it along . cut to : int . renault 251 Wild -ey , Joan resume steering , like it be do some good . laugh heartily , Jack pick up Ralph 's bag , pat it like the treasure it hold . cuut to : ext . riverside embankment 252 scramble from they jeep , Zolo and he man race to the river , some firing from the top of the embankment , other on the fun . the renault be mercifully swept around a bend , out of eyeshot . cur to : int . renault 253 a gargantuan roar fade in . smile wilting , Jack and Joan share a horrify look . p.o.v. shot ~ 254 the river disappear dead ahead , drop clear out of sight . back to scene : 255 Jack hold tight to the Pan be bag . joan what be we gonna do ! jack jump ! CUT to : the cataract 256 the renault be rapidly pull toward the fall , the river drop a murderous plunge of thirty - some foot . the renault be sweep over , two figure drop on either side of it , plummete to the bottom , where it be guzzle up by a mountain of white water . c42 downriver from cataract 257 for a fatal amount of time , no one surface , ' phen jock bob up , just below the foot of the falis , be carry downstzrean - Fighting for shore , he gain the left bank , towing the Pan be bag . spit out half the river , still catch he breath , he frantically scan the river for Joan . he p.o.v. 258 Mountains of white water . rage . Joan be nowhere . back to scene 259 Jack drop the Pan be bag , some of the pleasure go erom the treasure . slowly , a smile light he face . he p.o.v . . 260 gwenty yard downriver , choke river water , Joan be crawl up on the bank , purse still strapped across she shoulder and under she arm . : jack ( o.8 . ) hey ! take a deep breath , she revive a bit . _ jack : ( o.s. ) hey , Joan Charles ! she raise she head , look upriver . her p.o.v. 261 Jack triumphantly hold up the Pan be bag . across the river . jack ( yell over ) what a comeback ! joan ( half - dead ) yeah . _- jack I think you drown , man ! _ joan ( rise ) I do ! jack you be okay , then ! cont . ic wcing the sto 261 cent . . joan I be great ! I be super ! ( enraged ) . only you 're on that side ! the river 262 both acknowledge - the raging current that separate they , Joan pace it a few step . jack there 's no way across this sucker ! joan you do this on purpose ! jack what be you talkin ' about -- we just go over a waterfall ! joan admit it ! -- you plan it all along -- I know I could not count on you ! jack . ( grin broadly ) I love you ! joan ( pace , paranoid ) I know it . I just know it . jack what 's the name of that hotel in cartagena ? joan Hotel emporio - =- what d' you care ! jack you just keep walk toward the sunset , you will get there . it 's muddy , but . you will make it . I will meet you there ! Joan walk downstream at a furious pace . Jack follow . , joan with El corazon in you pocket ! of ~ what about my sister ! cont . c42 c42 revised + " romancing the stone '' = ts 6/83 gr gs ona 2 = eee jack they do not have to know any better -- you get the map ! joan you get the stone ! several rifle shot rudely interrupt -- both dive for cover . there p.o.v. 263 the soldier have reach the top of the fall . issue commancs by Zolo , several have begin the difficult climb down ( on Joan 's side ) while other keep fire . : back to scene , 264 X Jack have one final thing to yell across the river at Joan . jack trust I ! he blow she a kiss -- and duck into the forest . Joan hola cover a moment longer , glaring after he , then dart away . we 265 - 273 CUT to : int . lobby - HOTEL emporio - dusk 274 a pair of extremely muddy foot walk in -- as a digital clock x X change to 6:00 p.m. -- and a clerk look up and wince as _ Joan lean on the front desk , tear dress , wild hair , daze , even slightly punch -drunk . and cover in mud from the foot up . joan I be Joan Charles , I have a reservation , I would like the large suite you have , with the biggest possible bathtub , send up a bottle of red wine , I will be order some dinner to go with it , and let I ’know the minute a Jack Colton check in . the clerk do not blink . out 275 CUT to : c42 revised - " romancing the stone " - 7/16/93 9h int . freighter - on the high seas 276 ira on the phone . Elaine wait anxiously near he . ira so you make it finally . get the map ? good . no <= you do not ' talk to she till I get it . now look out you window -- you see the Fort across the bay ? the Tower ? you take a water taxi , right outside you hotel , you meet I there in a hour . all by yourself , okay ? be hang up , look at Elaine . int . suite 277 Joan turn away from the window , the Fort visible across the bay , and put dewn the phone . waiter wheel in trays of food and drink . she dial a new number . joan . .-. have a Jack Colton check in ? disappointed , she replace the receiver , keep she hand on it . cur to : we 278 - ~~ bl int . HOTEL lobby ~ night 282 Joan step from the elevator , nerve raw , a haunt , wild look to she . oblivious to other guest ' stare , she stop at the desk . joan have Jack Colton check in yet ? - clerk ( wearily ) in the last two minute , no . CUT to : ce c42 g2=93 revised - '' roman a ext . HOTEL - night : 253 Joan , be watch from a car window , emerge from the hotel into a coastal fog , look around . she walk across to the wharf , and as she do -~ -- a regular taxi pull up to the hotel behind she . Jack get out , go inside . CUT to : dock 283 - a Joan at the deck . move past the fishing boat , until she find a water taxi . CUT to : ext . HOTEL . 283 -8 Jack come busting out of the hotel , run across to the whart -- -- only to séea water taxi speed away toward the old fort . click ! a gun cock at he temple . x out _ 284 - 286 CUT to : ext . decaying fort - niget 287 Joan leave the water taxi , vanish across a small wooden bridge lead into the Fort . cut to : ext . inner compound - night 288 shadows , ground mist , marshy pool of water . Joan steal past darken doorway up stair to tower level . death hang in the air . she cross a swampy expanse , through pool of light cast by the moor freighter , pass a flagpole . no one be anywhere . joan hello ?... anyone here ? cont. c42 288 cont . not far off . water swishes a moment , a4 flap sounc . Joan freeze . all be quiet . she move along @ low stone wall , pass under a palm . a disembody voice call out : ira . ( o.8 . ) stop right there ! she stop . tra ( o.s . ) let I see the map . joan where be you ? tra . ( 0.8 . ) let I see the map . joan let I see Elaine . Elaine be thrust into view , hand bound , hold by someone unseen . '' Elaine hardly recognize she sister . elaine Joan ? ira ( o.s . ) Drop the map and back off . Joan do . ira step from the shadow . a dark look pass between ira and Joan as he walk toward the map . tra if this be not genuine , if you have pull a fast one ... he pick up the map , examine it with a penlight . he do not look happy . Elaine shrivel . put the penlight in he mouth , ira pull out a jeweler 's loupe , scrutinize it even closer . after several moment , he glare at Joan . ira ( threaten ) Joan Charles ... you and you sister -- {simply ) '' - can go . he laugh at he little joke as two longshoremen , beth carry rifle , step into the Light , one sieviagd elsi forward . cont. c42 elaine ( embrace she sister ) joannie ... joan it 's okay , Elaine , we be go home . with a parting glance at ira , Joan start to usher elcine away . they take two step ; sudden machine gun FIRE shatter the night , a line of bullet explode across Joan 's path , inch from she toe . zolo' soldier 289 in a instant two of Zolo 's elite soldier jump and 'i the longshoremen , another ram a4 gun muzzle to ira 's ira reach for the sky . jack 290 Jack be push into the light , a gun at he back . Three more elite soldier emerge from the darkness , semi-surrounding the group . a look pass between Jack and Joan . a long moment elapse . zolo . 291° in the darkness , a lighter flare , illuminate Zolo 's face . lighting he cigarillo , Zolo saunter in , he stage set . ira Zolo ... leer at Joan , Zolo walk over to ira . he hold out he hand . ira painfully surrender the map . Zolo stare at it , then flick he bic and set it aflame . ira gasp , horcify . Zolo drop the flame map ; ira hopelessly stomp the flame . zolo that map be shit . Ralph -~ with a new black eye ~- be shove forwzrd , to the X ground , by the last elite soldier . zolo they already have the stone . ira glare at Ralph . rat I have it , ira , in ay Nano ? -- the hand that be gonna freak every bone in you body ! c42 «91 cont . Zolo throw he against a wall , then casually parade around , savore the rein of power . pass a rotting wooden gate in the low brick wall , Zolo glance over it , pause . he toss he cigarillo over the wall . the croc 292 jaw snap with lightning speed , snatching it midair . a few crocodile move forward , the rare marking of King croc first into the light . - zolo . . 293 smile . he move toward Joan . Elaine cower , immediately ' step aside . face to face , Zolo 's eye bore into Joan . zolo where be it ? joan I do not know ! zoqlo where be the stone ? joan I do not -- we dig , there be ncthing there ! zolo opoint to Ralph ) ' he see it . joan he 's a liar , he lie ! Zolo bark some Spanish , two soldier drag Joan to the wall . jack 294 tense ; a soldier step in closer . joan 295 sees over the wall , gasp . the croc 296 slither in the putrid swamp water . zolo 297 gently take Joan 's hand , as if he be go to kiss it , raise it partway . z0l0 crocodile shed tear while they be eat they prey ; you have hear of this tear , I be sure . but have you see they ? in a flash , Zolo whip out he stiletto , and make a lightning quick razor cut on Joan 's hand . jack ( move ) stop ! a soldier jam a automatic rifle in he belly . out 298 - 299 a soldier 300 hold Joan , Zole force she arm over the gate , with sadistic pleasure , slowly lower it . joan be hand - 301 - blood trickle off Joan 's finger , drip into the slimy water . the croc 302 start to move , smell a meal , King croc out front . zolo 303 zolo ( to Joan ) you can forego this agony ; simply tell I , where be El corazdén ? where be the heart ? jack all right , all right , you want it o> I will tell you where it be . Zolo ease off . cont . c42 c42 revised = ncing the stone " - 7/26/83 . 92 x 303 cont . jack it 's , ah ... there 's a bar on the way into town -~ lupe 's ? met a woman there , she take that stone with a straight flush . damn , you should of see it . the lie be pitiful . Joan wince , and Zolo dismiss Jack with a grunt , turn back to Joan . Z20 lo I hope he be a better lover then he be a liar . : a desperate look pass between Jack and Joan as Zolo again force she hand over . sack okay , okay , lemme try again -- a soldier jam a gun butt into he groin ; there be a peculiar clinkish SOUND . everybody freeze . Jack , double -over , straighten up again , all eye on he . he look a little weird . he start do strange contortion , shaking he leg , turn , twist , try to contain -- the bulge ease down he thigh . . no one know what the hell he 's do . ira and Ralph glance at each other . Zole look murderous . crocodile move closer to the gate , King croc lead . Joan look questioningly at Jack . and he give up . he can not stop it . jack the heart ? {all he can do be smile ) it 's where you find it . the stone drop out from he pant leg , roll onto he scruffy boot . everyone look at it -- except Joan who look at Jack 's face , wonder how long he would have wait . jack ( to Zolo ) you want it ? choke on it ! El corazén are high in the air , in a slowed motion , sparkles of emerald light refracting off the stone . everyene stare skyward . cont. 242 revised - '' romancing tee stone " = T / ie / $ 3 '' oo 303 cent. 1 in seemingly suspend flight , the stone reach the arc 's apex , hit a palm frond . it @rop from sight . after a moment , it roll into view , cown a frond onto another . it descend , slide from leaf to leaf . a eternity pass . the stone roll down the last frond , drop , girectly into a outstretch hand . the hand of Zolo . he look over at Jack , smile . Z0 lo0 thank you . crash ! in a explosion of scaly skin and razore tooth , King croc lunge through the rotting gate , and tear away Zolo 's hand , take the emerald with it . Zolo scream , drop to he knee , drop the stiletto . everyone be stunne -- then , Jack deck he guard , grab he machine gun , start spraying a round -- everyone diving for cover . we 304 - 318 joan . 319 snatch up Zolo 's stiletto , and a lantern , yank Elaine into a dark corridor . : : we 320 - 325 zolo . 326 - stagger behind a old stone wall , wrapping he bandana tightly around he stump . he lean back , press the arm up against he chest to stem the flow of blood . his lip tremble , but he 's not about to succumb to this setback . his hatred be too great . one -hande , he light a cigarillo , the energy of vengeance boil up . ira 327 run the hell away . ralph , 328 run the hell after he . we 323 - 332 jack 233 squint 0.5 . cont. 42 aul xx king croc 334 move along a battiement wall . jack gotcha , you yellow - belly lizard ! he spray the last round of the machine gun , toss it aside , and go after the croc . ira' men : 335 on a upper level keep Zolo 's man at bay , fire rifle at they . jack 336 bullet ricochete around he , chase King croc around a battlement wall , the croe head toward a empty cannon portal . distant siren fade in . '' ira' men 336 - a exchange look , maneuver beck to the wharf now , fire as they go . king croc , 337 enter the cannon portal . Jack dive . Jack grab the last bit of King croc 's powerful tail , hold on for dear life . ira : 338 grab one of he retreate man . tra - bring the boat around to the other side of the tower . as the man run off , ira turn -- to see Ralph diving at he , tackle he around one ankle . ralph I be gonna kill ya , I be gonna kill ya ! cont. c42 - 7/26/83 ic : revised = ( struggle ) Ralph , we be family , we be a team , you be ysterical ! Ralph rip off ira 's loafer , ira run away . Ralph whip the shoe at he , ira keep go . ralph you be a dead man , ira ! you be a dead man in a ugly sharkskin suit ! he chase ira into the night . cur to : joan . 339 grag Elaine along a battlement . Joan spot Jack a good distance off , still hang onto King croc 's tail . Z0lo cough o.s. , Joan spin about . 2 zolo0 340 be eight yard off , cigarillo dangle from he lip . now with he remain hand he remove a spur from he boot -- blade of razor sharpness click out from it . one of zolo' men . 340 - a shot -- fall off the roof -- he machine gun skeeter x along the dock to come to a stop near Jack . zolo and joan 340 - 3 Zolo advance . zolo how will you die , Joan Charles ? slow like the pace of the turtle or fast like the shoot star ... Joan have to frown at that , even as she back up , shield Elaine , into a corner . Elaine be bug-ey , clutching Joan 's shoulder . Zolo be a dark hulk , silhouett against a diffuse light . x he slowly approach . hané behin she back , Joan click epen Zoldo 's own stilette . he 's advance . : x cont. c42 pevised - '' romancing the stone " - 7/15/83 102 revised = roa a a 340 - B cont . she sling it . the stiletto fligz end over enc , off x target as well . jzolo drop the spur , snatch the stiletto out of midair , by the handle . Joan gulp ; Elaine faint . Zolo advance with he stiletto . joan Jack ! jack 341 still battle with the tail , Jack glance o.s . he p.o.v. : ' 342 Zolo stalk Joan up on the battlement . back to scene 343 Jack see the machine gun , just out cf reach . joan " 344 back off , avoid a dangerous old grate in the floor x that cover a alligator . pit . Zolo make a lunge ; Joan shield herself with she purse . she get in a few lick : a kick , a seratch , a gouge . Zolo see red ; he throw she back against the wall . joan Jack ! jack 345 struggle with King croc , Jack try to snag the machine x gun with he toe , can not . he glance at Joan , the croc , the gun , tear with indecision . he finally let go one hand , reach for the gun , still can not get it . one of life 's recur battle : love or money . joan ( o.s8 . ) Jack ! jack sonuvabitch ! Jack max he decision . he let go King croc 's tail . it belly-flop to the water below as Jack grab the gun , aim at Zolo . he fire . click , click , click , empty . cont. c42 cing thr stone " - 7/16/83 jack ( throw it away ) sonuvabitch ! he run back to the wall , start climb up to rescue x Joan . . zol0 346 grab Joan , inch the stiletto toward she face , Joan 's hand on he wrist , hold it back . he force she to the x ground . the nasty spur ' be almost within reach of she free hand . jack 347 climb as fast as he can , still too far away . ' x joan and zolo : 348 Joan 's hand around Zolo 's wrist , the stiletto be deadlock second from she face , the cigarillo burn between he lip . Zolo have one foot on she arm . she strain to reach X the spur . . jack . -.. b48 climb , climb , climb ... joan and zolo 350 still pin , Joan 's finger remain a inch from the spur . X Zolo press in for the kill , puffing he cigarillo . he cough . think fast , Joan switch handhelds on he wrist , grab the cigarillo from he lip , burn its ember into he hand . the flesh sizzle . Zolo drop the stiletto , give Joan she chance . she smashes he in the face ; he reel back to he foot . and while he 's still off - balance , she lunge up , and with all she weight land a punch to he jaw that knock he backwards over the grate . he whirl , crash through it face first , fall straight down into the pit -- where the croc move in . Jack come over the top in time to see that . re 's walk towards Joan now , gaze at she , know she be every inch he equal . he nod several time in approval . Joan finally smile . her own heroine . sack helluva right cross you get there , lady . they embrace . c42 cartagena police boat 351 speed up to the fort . CUT to : back to '' scene 352 acknowledge the imminent police presence , Jack let go of Joan , he start turn to Elaine . '' jack you okey ? elaine ( still breathless ) of course -- I have get my little -- I have get my big sister with I . jack ( shaking Elaine 's hand ) Jack Colton , pleased to meet ya . but do not ever come to South America again . back away now . jack {to Joan ) get to - the american consulate . explain everything . joan where be you go ? cont. c42 104 352 cont . jack they might just believe you . but do not mention my name . ( police stream up stair ) cartagena cop and I go way back . joan you be leave ? you be leave I ! jack ( almost away ) you will be alright , Joan Charles . ( start into shadow ) you will be just fine . ( amisappear smile ) you always be ... he vanish in the darkness . but Joan can not believe it . joan Jack Colton ... damn it. we 353 - 355 CUT to : ext , new york - day 356 a cold blustery day . snow on the ground . kite fly up in the breeze , bicycle race by , people stroll . it 's Central Park , and Joan wind up a path . there be a new spring in she walk , more assurance . emerging from the park , Joan move up past the Museum of Natural History . inkling bell stop she . she slowly turn . p.o.v. : 357 a Puerto rican vendor 's display . countless heart locket -- erystal , gold , jade -- hang from a bar -- intersperse with tiny bell - laden wind shime . with a nostalgic smile , Joan finger the locket Jack give she , continue walk . up ahead she see some tough punk sit along a bench , leg stretch out , harass passersby . Joan pause -- then keep go the way she intend -- straight toward they . cont. c42 105 357 cont . they immediately see she as a whistler 's cream , start hawk at she . head hold high , she ignore they walk right past -- hair flow proudly in the wind . . cuT to : ext . her STREET 358 she walk toward she building . suddenly she hear a strange horn , not like any car horn she 's ever hear . she look at the road beside she -- and step back with a gasp ! a boat be drive down she street . a big monster of a luxury dream boat . actually , it 's not drive . closer inspection reveal it 's be tow . and at the helm ... be Jack Colton . the boat stop alongside she . Jack toss she a thick envelope . jack you half . . joan ( pick it up ) half ! -- who say you could have half . '' jack that 's what equal partner take . and he put a foot up on the side of the boat to lean over and grin at she . , . joan ( nodd ) I like the crocodile boot . jack : yeah , that poor old yellow - stripe guy develop fatal indigestion , die in my arm . joan can not blame he . if I be go to die , that would be the place I would pick . jack ( look around New York ) how about you take I on a tour for a change . 352 cont . joan okay . '' _ ns : '' he reach down to pull she up to joan he . jack then we will come back here and you ean pack . joan pack ? jack be not it time we get out of the jungle ? ' they arm go around each other , they embrace like the world be just beginnn , and they lock themselves into a kiss that never end as : the boat : : 358-a sail away into the sunset of Manhattan , fly columbian color , " El coraz6n ' lettere on its keel . : ouT 359 - a : 7 1 360 fade out the end ao