william shakespeare be romeo &amp ; juliet adapted by Craig pearce &amp ; baz luhrmann shoot script October 6 , 1995 ext . highway . afternoon . a ribbon of freeway stretch into a blue and pink late afternoon sky . a huge dark sedan , window tinted gold , headlight blaze , power directly for we . CUT to : a heavy , low -slung , pickup truck travel toward the sedan . wide shot : Sky , freeway , the car close . tight on : the sedan . tight on : the pickup . like thunderous , jousting opponent , the car pass in a deafen cacophony of noise . int . truck . afternoon . tight on : the fat face of gregory , yell at the disappear sedan . gregory a dog of the house of capulet move I ! he and the pimply - face front - seat passenger , sampson , explode with laughter . the red-haire driver benvolio , keep he eye on the road . ext . exit ramp . afternoon . the truck spiral down a exit ramp and screech into busy driveway of a large gas station . ext . gas station . afternoon . attendant immediately run to the truck . two clean windshield and duco , the third fill the gas tank . int . truck . afternoon . Gregory in the back seat be boast outrageously . gregory a dog of that house shall move I to stand . I will take the wall of any man or may of capulet . sampson , sarcastically . sampson that show thee a weak slave . for the weakest go to the wall . gregory ' tis true ; and therefore woman , be the weaker vessel , be ever thrust to the wall . therefore , I will push capulet 's man from the wall , and thrust he maid to the wall . benvolio , disgust , get out of the car . benvolio the quarrel be between we master ... gregory ( yell after he ) ... and we they man . ext . gas station . afternoon . follow : benvolio as he head for the bathroom . pick up : a mother wrangle three little boy out of a station wagon - the smallest kid carry a toy pistol . super fast scan track : past the mother to - the huge black sedan pull up outside the gas station mini-mart . the front door of the sedan open . shiny black boot - decorate with tiny , silver , cat - shape spur - plant themselves on the ground . the boot be join by two other pair of well - shod foot . hold : the spur boot move out of frame . crane up : the other foot belong to a tough - look Latin youth abra - and he goateed side - kick petruchio . abra and petruchio enter the mini-mart , as four white - clad girl exit . follow : the girl as they head for they car . super fast scan track : past the girl to : int . truck . afternoon . sampson be try to out boast Gregory . sampson I will show myself a tyrant . when I have fight with the man I will be civil with the maid , I will cut off they head . Gregory ; mock outrage . gregory the head of the maid ? sampson leer lecherously at the girl . sampson ay , the head of the maid , or they maiden head , take it in what sense thou will . gregory they must take it in sense that feel it . Gregory and sampson pump up the song on the sound system and sing out at the girl . gregory / sampson ( singing ) I be a pretty piece of flesh ! I be a pretty piece of flesh ! I , they shall feel while I be able to stand ; I be a pretty piece of flesh ! the girl , pretend not to notice , get into the car . ext . gas station - minimart . afternoon . gregory's p.o.v. : the car pull away revealing ... abra and petruchio exite the mini-mart . int . truck . afternoon . close on : Gregory . close on : sampson - they sing abruptly halt . sampson here come of the House of capulet . ext . gas station . afternoon . abra and petruchio stare coldly toward the boy . int . truck . afternoon . close on : sampson swallow hard . close on : Gregory ; eye lock to the capulet . with fake bravado he nudge sampson . gregory quarrel I will back thee . close on : sampson try to quell he rise panic . sampson let we take the law of we side . let they begin . suddenly : bang ! Gregory and sampson jump . whip pan : it be the garage attendant slamm the hood . Gregory and sampson be mortally embarrassed . ext . mini -mart . afternoon . abra and petruchio laugh contemptuously and move to they car : follow : the mother and kid exite the mini-mart . super fast scan track : to ... int . truck . afternoon . sampson furiously try to save face . sampson I will bite my thumb at they ; which be a disgrace to they if they bear it . sampson quickly bite he thumb toward abra 's back as he get into the sedan . int . sedan . afternoon . abra 's eye flick to the rear view mirror . e.c.u. : the rear view mirror ; sampson bite he thumb . ext . gas station . afternoon . suddenly , a blood curdle screech of tire - the sedan , rubber burn , reverse full speed toward sampson and Gregory . the mother in the station wagon brake to avoid collision - a sport car shunt into she vehicle . mother and child scream . attendant scatter . the capulet car shudder to a halt inch from the truck , block its path . int . black sedan . afternoon . close on : a scurry of limb scrabbling across seat and reach for door handle ; ext . gas station . afternoon . abra haul sampson from the truck . Gregory leap out , petruchio cover he . abra slam sampson against the side of the vehicle - then , goad he to go for he gun , scream : abra do you bite you thumb at we , sir ? sampson 's shaking hand hover - ready to draw . sampson I do bite my thumb , sir . int . station wagon . afternoon . CUT to : the panicked mother in the station wagon . she motion she child to the floor . ext . gas station . afternoon . customer run for cover . close on : abra : a hysterical rage ; he shriek : abra do you bite you thumb at we , sir ? sampson ( sweat , murmur to Gregory ) be the law on we side if I say " ay " ? gregory no . int . bathroom . afternoon . close on : the black cowboy boot , trousers down around they . the sound of a toilet flush . pan to : the next cubicle , the door open revealing benvolio . ext . gas station . afternoon . close on : sampson , still sweat . sampson no , sir , I do not bite my thumb at you , sir - but I do bite my thumb , sir ! CUT to : Gregory ; a ridiculous inquiry . gregory do you quarrel , sir ? CUT to : abra ; a dangerous smile . abra quarrel sir , no sir . close on : sampson ; unconvincing bravado ... sampson but if you do , sir , I be for you . I serve as good a man as you . close on : abra ; a lethal question . abra no better ? close on : sampson , trap . sampson well sir ... int . station wagon . afternoon . CUT to : Inside the station wagon . the mother do not notice she five year old aim a toy gun toward the boy . ext . gas station . afternoon . CUT to : Gregory 's p.o.v. : benvolio emerge from the bathroom - he whisper maniacally . gregory here come we kinsman . say better ! extreme close up : sampson ; he scream : sampson yes sir , better ! extreme close up : abra demonically roar : abra thou liest ! CUT to : benvolio . terror stricken , he see the boy . distorted out of control close up : abra shriek : abra draw if you be men ! lightning CUT : four hand reach for gun . slam zoom : to benvolio - weapon outstretch he scream : benvolio part , fool ! you know not what you do ! music sting ; a super marco slam zoom along the barrel of benvolio 's gun ; the engrave gun type read : ' sword 9 mm series S ' CUT to : benvolio . he scream in desperation : benvolio put up you sword ! Gregory , sampson , abra , and petruchio freeze . a moment - then from behind , the unmistakable sound of a gun be cocked . extreme close up : the black cowboy boot . crane up : to find the dark cold eye and feline smile , of the wearer of the boot . his name be tybalt ; a cigarette be clench between he tooth and he gun be aim at benvolio 's head . tybalt what , art thou draw among this heartless hind ? turn thee benvolio . benvolio , a choke explanation : benvolio I do but keep the peace . a mock smile . tybalt peace ? I hate the word as I hate hell , all montague , and ... extreme close up : tybalt 's finger squeezing the trigger ... suddenly we hear fire from tybalt 's blind side . tybalt redirect he weapon , crack off a single shot at the surprise attacker . ext . / int . minimart . afternoon . it be the five year old from the station wagon . the bullet smack the toy gun from the child 's hand , shatter the wagon 's window . mother and child scream . ext . gas station . afternoon . a panicked benvolio fall back , accidentally he gun fire - the bullet whistle past tybalt 's head . tybalt combat roll , and use a scream car load of girl as cover , return two quick shot , narrowly miss benvolio . ext . gas station . afternoon . the gas station attendant hit a button and heavy metal screen slam down . ext . gas station . afternoon . CUT to : Gregory fire - a bullet rip through abra 's arm . petruchio dive for cover ; Gregory and sampson leap into benvolio 's truck . rubber burn as they smash past the capulet vehicle . close on : tybalt take aim . ext . highway - supermarket . afternoon . his first shot plug the fuel tank , the second a tire . out of control and spew gasoline the Montague truck careen across the highway and through the glass front of a supermarket . Gregory and sampson throw themselves from the truck moment before ... ext . supermarket . afternoon . close on : the gas tank erupt into a almighty fireball . the screen fill with flame : the follow image combust in front of we : ext . highway - supermarket - from AIR . afternoon . news chopper p.o.v. : citizen run in the street . looter raid shop near the supermarket - security guard return fire . int . restaurant . night . a table of dark suite man and they wife . close on : the powerful 60 year old face of fulgencio capulet . seat next to he be he much young wife gloria . suddenly : window explode in a tidal wave of glass . diner take cover . capulet move fearlessly toward the window . capulet ( to a waiter ) give I my long sword ! ext . STREET . night . close on : the word montague fill the screen . pull back : we see the word be the number plate of a large black limousine . the limousine be stick in the traffic snarl - bullet bounce off its bullet proof windshield . int . montague's limousine . night . ted montague , a 60 year old red -face bulldog of a man , burst from the back of the limousine . montague what noise be this ! as Ted draw a enormous pearl hand revolver , caroline , he conservatively dress wife , try to restrain he . caroline thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe ! montague ( shrugging she off ) hold I not , let I go ! ext . STREET . night . crouched behind a truck , benvolio shakily try to re-load . close on : the barrel of tybalt 's gun enter frame and press into benvolio 's forehead . tybalt whisper sweetly . tybalt look upon thy death , benvolio . close on : tybalt 's finger on the trigger . benvolio scream a scream of mortal horror . suddenly tybalt be blind by a burn shaft of light . a magnificently powerful helicopter gunship hover above he . a command boom from the chopper 's public address system . captain prince ( over PA ) rebellious subject , enemy to peace , throw you mistemper weapon to the ground . int . chopper . night . close on : the steely gray eye of captain prince , chief of the verona Beach Police Department . he lift the microphone and repeat the command . captain prince throw you mistemper weapon to the ground ! ext . verona beach . night . tybalt look up to the chopper . patrol car screech to a halt . a almighty orchestral chord . ext . verona beach - matte shot . night . super wide shot : a trail of devastation wind up through grid-lock traffic to the burn supermarket . in the distance loom a enormous statue of Christ flanke by two glass tower . we push toward the tower . one be neon - crown montague , the other , capulet . we hear : voice over two household , both alike in dignity . in fair verona , where we lay we scene from ancient grudge break to new mutiny , where civil blood make civil hand unclean . from forth the fatal loin of this two foe a pair of star cross lover take they life . whose misadventure piteous overthrows doth with they death bury they parent strife . a dark chord . ext . verona beach skyline . night . a swarm of helicopter thunder into frame . we see compress , time - lapse , image of they journey . slam into : a coat of arm that label a large tower - the emblem read ; " verona Beach Police Department : in God we trust " . hold : int . captain prince' precinct office . night . close on : Captain Prince 's grim feature . he eye capulet and Montague . captain prince Three civil brawl , breed of a airy word by thee , old capulet , and Montague , have thrice disturb the quiet of we street . capulet 's lawyer try to intervene . lawyer my noble Prince I can ... Captain Prince override , slam the desk . captain prince if ever you disturb we street again , you life shall pay the forfeit of the peace . hold on Captain Prince 's determine gaze . ext . verona STREET . dawn . a majestic sunrise ; Ted Montague 's limousine sulk through desert street . in the distance , Jesus look out over the now peaceful city . int . montague's limousine . dawn . Ted Montague , he wife caroline , and nephew benvolio ride in uncomfortable silence . caroline finally speak she anger . caroline o where be Romeo ? saw you he today ? ( pointedly to Montague ) right glad I be he be not at this fray . Montague snort derisively and stare out the window . embarrass , benvolio try to be of assistance . benvolio madam , underneath the Grove of sycamore so early walk do I see you son . Ted Montague speak with contempt . montague many a morning hath he there be see with tear augment the fresh morning 's dew . caroline struggle to contain she emotion . caroline away from light steal home my heavy son and private in he chamber pen himself , shut up he window , lock fair daylight out and make himself a artificial night . Montague bark into the car intercom . montague westward from this city side . ext . STREET . dawn . the limousine u-turn head west . ext . beach . dawn . to the melancholic strain of mozart 's " serenade for wind " , we see a blond nineteen year old boy sit alone on a empty beach . close on : the boy , romeo . look out over the ocean he suck on the last of a cigarette and then write intensely in a small wear note book . we hear he voice over . romeo ( v/o ) Love be a smoke make with the fume of sigh ; be purge , a fire sparkling in lover ' eye ; be vex , a sea nourish with lover ' tear . what be it else ? a madness most discreet , a choke gall and a preserve sweet . int . montague's limousine . dawn . the limo be park in a cross street that run down to the beach . opposite the limo , young diehard clubber , fade drag queen and street people , hang outside a dilapidate nightclub . a break neon sign read : " the Grove of sick Amore . " Ted , caroline and benvolio sit watch the silhouette of Romeo on the beach . montague Black and portentous must this humour prove unless good counsel may the cause remove . ext . beach . dawn . p.o.v. : from the limousine . Romeo rise and listlessly make he way up the beach - see he father 's car he turn and head for the path that hug the beach front . int . montague's limousine . dawn . benvolio so please you step aside . I will know he grievance or be much deny . benvolio clamber out of the limo . close on : Montague , a encourage smile . montague come madam . let 's away . ext . STREET . dawn . the limousine pull away and benvolio head after Romeo . he pause . a deck at the rear of " sick Amore " sprawl onto the beach . at the base of the deck , benvolio can see Romeo squatting in discussion with a old drunk . benvolio approach with a not very convincing casualness . benvolio good morrow , cousin . Romeo turn . sore , red , unfriendly eye squint back at benvolio . romeo be the day so young ? benvolio but new strike , coz . Romeo rise , benvolio follow . romeo ay I ! sad hour seem long . Romeo stop as if take in benvolio for the first time . romeo ( cont . ) be that my father that go hence so fast ? benvolio ( guilty ) it be . benvolio chase Romeo down the path which divide the beach from a string of cheap souvenir shop and sleazy bar . benvolio what sadness lengthen Romeo 's hour ? romeo not have that which have make they short . benvolio in love ? romeo out . benvolio of love ? romeo out of she favor where I be in love . benvolio alas that love , so gentle in he view , should be so tyrannical and rough in proof ! romeo alas that love , whose view ... Romeo be halt by the sight of last night 's disturbance display on a small tv screen in a outdoor bar . romeo ( cont . ) what fray be here ? benvolio start to reply . romeo ( cont . ) ( angrily ) yet tell I not , for I have hear it all . here 's much to do with hate , but more with love . Romeo turn the corner away from the beach . he stride along the sidewalk raging . romeo ( cont . ) why then , o brawling love , o loving hate , o anything , of nothing first create ! o heavy lightness , serious vanity , misshapen chaos of well - seem form , feather of lead , bright smoke , cold fire , sick health , still - waking sleep , that be not what it be ! Romeo scream at a huge bouncer who lounge in the doorway of a sex club . romeo ( cont . ) this love feel I , that feel no love in this ! the bouncer 's hand move to he gun . Romeo , ignore he , turn on benvolio . a mock laughter through tear : romeo ( cont . ) dost thou not laugh ? benvolio , nervously eyeing the bouncer , shepherd Romeo out of danger . benvolio no , cause , I rather weep . Romeo smile . romeo farewell , my cause . Romeo , break into a jog , leave benvolio behind . benvolio pursue he down the street . ext . romeo' car . day . close on : the sleep face of a fourteen year old boy - balthasar . pull back : balthasar sleep on the hood of a magnificent silver car . Three or four kid doze on the sidewalk . as Romeo approach , they jump up and begin vigorously polish the already gleam car . balthasar wake . he spring off the hood , chase the kid away , then , produce a huge bunch of key , open the car door for Romeo . benvolio intercept Romeo at the car . benvolio tell I in sadness , who be it that you love . romeo in sadness , cousin , I do love ... a woman . benvolio I aim so near when I suppose you love . Romeo lean against the car . romeo a right good marksman ; and she 's fair I love . Romeo pull he shirt down to reveal a small shoulder tattoo . close on : the tattooe word ; rosaline . benvolio rosaline ! ( he be impressed ) a right fair mark , fair cause , be soonest hit . romeo she will not be hit with cupid 's arrow . she hath dian 's wit , and in strong proof of chastity life well armed . benvolio can not believe it . benvolio then she hath swear that she will still live chaste ? romeo she hath ; and in that spare make huge waste . benvolio - a plan . benvolio be rule by I ; forget to think of she . romeo o , teach I how I should forget to think ! benvolio indicate one of the work girl already strutting the foot path . benvolio by give liberty unto thine eye . examine other beauty . Romeo laugh dismissively . he throw the kid a few coin and slide into the driver seat . balthasar jump in back . romeo farewell . thou canst not teach I to forget . benvolio I will pay that doctrine , or else die in debt . benvolio leap into the passenger seat of the move vehicle . int . capulet office . day . a orchestral fanfare . track down : past monstrous letter that read capulet and in through a window to discover fulgencio capulet . he stare out the window toward the other tallest building in verona ; the one crest with the word montague . capulet but Montague be bound as well as I , in penalty alike ; capulet turn : on the other side of he desk sit david paris ; a square - jaw young man in a red cashmere sweater . tea have be serve from a exquisite silver tea service . capulet ( cont . ) and 'tis not hard , I think , for I so old as we to keep the peace . Dave smile obligingly . dave of honorable reckoning be you both , and pity 'tis you live at odd so long . a awkward pause : Dave sip tea , then , with a deep breath ... dave ( cont . ) but now , my lord , what say you to my suit ? capulet consider the frame photograph on he desk . capulet but say o'er what I have say before ; my child be yet a stranger in the world ; let two more summer wither in they pride , ere we may think she ripe to be a bride . Dave be politely insistent . dave younger than she be happy mother make . capulet ( check he hard ) and too soon marre be that so early make . Earth hath swallow all my hope but she ; she be the hopeful lady of my earth . capulet round the desk and place a fatherly hand on Dave 's shoulder . capulet ( cont . ) but woo she , gentle Paris , get she heart . my will to she consent be but a part , and she agree , within she scope of choice lies my consent and fair accord voice . this night I hold a old accustom feast . capulet lean close . capulet ( cont . ) at my poor house , look to behold this night , Fresh female bud that make dark heaven light . hear all ; all see , and like she most whose merit most shall be . capulet smile knowingly . Dave seem encourage . capulet ( cont . ) ( a hearty slap ) come go with I ! capulet excitedly usher Dave from the office . int . pool hall . day . dim , smoke fill . benvolio and Romeo play pool . benvolio ( chalking he cue ) take thou some new infection to thy eye . he line up the six ball top pocket . benvolio ( cont . ) and the rank poison of the old will die . a hopeless shot that slam the eight ball toward the side pocket . Romeo stop it with he hand and hurl it against the other ball . benvolio why , Romeo , art thou mad ? Romeo sink the other ball with he hand . romeo not mad , but bound more than a madman be ; shut up in prison , keep without my food , Romeo stalk away from the table . romeo ( cont . ) whipped and torment . he stop at the gun check , rummage in he pocket . romeo good day , good fellow . a crusty old man look up from the small television . his entire face a tattooe shoot target , the bullseye between he eye . the old man point to the sign that read : " no ticket no gun . " Romeo finally produce a ticket . crusty the target go out back . Romeo 's attention be catch by the television . int . t.v. studio set . day CUT to : television . a ostentatious woman and she over groom partner Rich , host what look to be a kind of entertainment tonight show . the graphic behind they read " solemnity Night " with Susan santandiago and Rich ranchidis . Susan speak conspiratorially to camera . susan now I will tell you without ask . the great Rich capulet , hold a old accustom feast ; Rich chime in : rich a fair Assembly . susan I pray you sir can you read ? a list of name begin to scroll across the screen . Rich read they off . rich signor placentio and he wife and daughter , signor martino , the Lady widow of utruvio and she lovely niece , rosaline and livia ... int . pool hall . day . CUT to : benvolio , he lean into Romeo . benvolio at this same ancient feast of capulet' sup the fair rosaline ; whom thou so love , with all the admire beauty of verona . go thither , and with unattain eye compare she face with some that I shall show , and I will make thee think thy swan a crow . romeo one fairer than my love ? crusty return . he hand the boy they gun . romeo ( cont . ) the all - see sun ne 'er see she match since first the world begin . CUT to : television . susan if you be not of the house of montague , come and crush a cup of wine ! rich Rest you merry ! CUT to : Romeo , he consider . romeo I will go along , no such sight to be show . but to rejoice in splendour of mine own . the boy move off . push in on : the television . ext . capulet state . day . a aerial shot of a magnificent island estate . a italianate wonder of florentine architecture . armed guard patrol the grounds . the telecaption read " capulet mansion . " the file tape lose its television quality . we sweep down through manicure garden , where worker prepare decoration for tonight 's celebration , and into the house . the music darken and we hear the desperate call of a girl 's name . voice over J U L I E T ! int . capulet mansion - corridor . day . CUT to : a long desert corridor . voice over J U L I E T ! int . capulet mansion - drawing room . day . CUT to : a echoey chinoiserie style draw room . voice over J U L I E T ! int . bathroom . day . close on : the still , serene , submerge feature of a beautiful young girl . Dark float hair gently frame the face . heavy liquid eye stare up through the water . we hear , though faintly , the call : voice over J U L I E T ! with a rush juliet surface . as she gulp air , we realise that she be in fact , in a bath . we hear the call loudly again . voice over J U L I E T ! juliet listen . for a moment she be very still , then she close she eye and slide back beneath the surface of the water . int . entrance hall capulet mansion . day . a gothic , unfriendly environment heavy with religious iconography . the entrance hall be crowded with worker and servant prepare for tonight 's party . gloria capulet fiddle with a short black wig in the hallway mirror . she be attire in full cleopatra costume . dissatisfy with the wig , she rip it from she head and call maniacally . gloria J U L I E T ! gloria be meet by the nurse , a fat , grandmotherly Hispanic woman . gloria ( cont . ) nurse , where 's my daughter ? call she forth to I . nurse I bid she come . God forbid ! where 's this girl ? juliet ! CUT to : the top of the stair . as if from nowhere , juliet have appear . she wear a bathrobe and she hair be wet . juliet ( coolly ) madam , I be here . what be you will . gloria , startle , sweep up the stair and shuffles she daughter toward a doorway . gloria nurse , give leave awhile , we must talk in secret . int . gloria' dressing room . day . gloria shepherd juliet into she opulent dress room and close the door . she circle with nervous vexation search for word , stop , then suddenly open the door and yell out to the nurse . gloria ( cont . ) nurse , come back again . I have remember I , thou 's hear we counsel . the nurse enter . gloria , still refuse eye contact , check she appearance once more in the mirror . she take a hairbrush and , feign pleasantness , intensely brushes she hair . gloria ( cont . ) nurse , thou knowest my daughter 's of a pretty age . nurse ( to juliet ) thou wast the prettiest babe that e'er I nurse . the hair brush clatter onto the dresser . a moment of tense silence . gloria grip herself and pour a sherry . back still turn , she speak to she daughter . gloria by my count , I be you mother much upon this year that you be now a may . a nembutal twist like a pin in the corner of gloria 's mouth . she slug it down with the sherry and turn abruptly to face juliet . gloria ( cont . ) thus then in brief , the valiant Paris seek you for he love . CUT to : juliet ; a uncomprehend stare . the nurse , catch off guard , try to buoy the situation . nurse a man , young lady ! Lady , such a man as all the world - why , he 's a man of wax . the medication take immediate effect upon gloria . she join juliet on the couch and coo in Paris 's favour . gloria verona 's summer hath not such a flower . nurse nay , he 's a flower ; in faith , a very flower . gloria this night you shall behold he at we feast ; read o'er the volume of young Paris ' face and find delight writ there with beauty 's pen . this precious book of love , this unbound lover , to beautify he only lack a cover . so shall you share all that he doth possess , by have he , make yourself no less . gloria probe juliet 's thought . gloria can you like of Paris ' love ? juliet , adept at negotiate she mother 's strange mood , choose she word precisely . juliet I will look to like , if look like move , but no more deep will I endart mine eye , than you consent give strength to make it fly . peter the chauffeur enter . peter madam . the guest be come . gloria ( check the mirror ) we follow thee . she exit , nurse in tow . close on : juliet stare out the window and across the water . suddenly the nurse 's face leer into shot . she whisper enthusiastically into juliet 's ear . nurse go girl , seek happy night to happy day . close on : juliet 's face . ext . capulet mansion . day / night . jump CUT : aerial shot of capulet mansion . we time lapse from late afternoon to night ; fairy light illuminate , guest appear , music swell , and a single incandescent flare , explode pink against the inky sky . ext . beach . night . close on : Romeo : he face glow pink . he be sit on the grubby shoreline of verona Bay dress as a boy King Arthur , with fake chain mail and sword . Romeo watch the die flare sink into the bay . the sound of the party drift across the water . balthasar , dress as frankenstein 's monster , touch a lighter to a large bong and Romeo inhale smoke . behind they , benvolio , drunk and dress as a pizza , be yell at Gregory , who , dress as a Viking , be try to cut slice off he pizza costume . sampson , also dress as a Viking , sit in the back of a car . one arm be bandage and he swig from a bottle . suddenly the darkness be slashed by headlight . a reckless sport car speed toward the boy . stereo scream , the car skid to a halt . close on : Music blare from the sound system . a silver stilettoed foot emerge from the car and plant itself firmly in the dirt . CUT to : the boy , eye wide with amazement . CUT to : another stiletto follow the first . guitar groan . pan : slowly up a shapely pair of black stockinge leg , past a hint of garter belt to a black sequine mini-skirt and up over a muscular dark skinned stomach and tiny sequine bra top , to discover : the 21 year old male , African american face of mercutio . CUT to : the boy . recovering from the initial shock , they laugh and cat-call raucously . CUT to : mercutio . he roughly jam a short black wig onto he head and yell above the music . mercutio Strike drum ! mercutio magically produce invitation from somewhere within he mini-skirt and dance down the beach to the boy . aggressively bump and grind , mercutio distribute the invitation . reaching Romeo , he declare : mercutio we will on without apology . Romeo let the invitation fall to the sand . romeo I be not for this amble . be but heavy , I will bear the light . Romeo pull on the bong once more . suddenly , mercutio be upon Romeo . hauling he to he foot , he waltze he through the sand . mercutio nay , gentle Romeo , we must have you dance . Romeo push mercutio away . romeo not I , believe I . you have dance shoe with nimble sole . I have a soul of lead . mercutio in mock sympathy . mercutio too great oppression for a tender thing . romeo be love a tender thing ? it be too rough , too rude , too boisterous , and it prick like thorn . Romeo lie stare up at the star . mercutio if love be rough with you , be rough with love . mercutio jump on Romeo . mercutio ( cont . ) prick love for prick , and you beat love down . Romeo fight mercutio off . romeo under love 's heavy burden do I sink ! CUT to : benvolio , impatiently honk the horn . benvolio every man betake he to he leg ! mercutio head Romeo toward the car . mercutio come , we burn daylight , ho ! Romeo pull away . romeo but 'tis no wit to go . mercutio turn , exasperate . mercutio why , may one ask ? romeo I dreamt a dream tonight . mercutio and so do I . romeo well , what be yours ? mercutio that dreamer often lie . romeo in bed asleep , while they do dream thing true . mercutio produce a tiny gold pill case . mercutio o , then I see Queen mab hath be with you . she be the fairy ' midwife , and she come in shape no bigger than a agate stone on the forefinger of a alderman , drawn with a team of little atomy over man 's nose as they lie asleep . tantalisingly , he pass the case beneath Romeo 's nose . mercutio ( cont . ) her chariot be a empty hazelnut , her wagoner a small gray - coat gnat . with a conjurer 's dexterity mercutio extract a small , gray pill . mercutio ( cont . ) and in this state she gallop night by night through lover ' brain , and then they dream of love ; he palm the pill . it reappear from behind Romeo 's ear . mercutio ( cont . ) o'er lawyer ' finger who straight dream on fee ; o 'er lady ' lip , who straight on kiss dream , which oft the angry mab with blister plague . because they breath with sweetmeat taint be . the pill box glint in the moonlight . mercutio ( cont . ) sometime she driveth o'er a soldier 's neck ; and then dream he of cut foreign throat . and be thus frighted , swear a prayer or two and sleep again . mercutio now intensely angry : mercutio ( cont . ) this be that very mab that plait the mane of horse in the night and bake the elf-lock in foul sluttish hair he scream into the night . mercutio ( cont . ) this be the hag , when maid lie on they back , that press they and learn they first to bear , make they woman of good carriage . this be she , this be she ... close on : mercutio . he break off . there be a strange stillness amongst the group . Romeo go to he friend . romeo peace , peace , mercutio , peace . thou talkest of nothing . mercutio meet Romeo 's gaze . mercutio true , I talk of dream ; which be the child of a idle brain , begot of nothing but vain fantasy . which be as thin of substance as the air and more inconstant than the wind , who woo even now the freeze bosom of the NORTH and , be angere , puff away from thence turn he attention to the dew - drop south . CUT to : benvolio in the car . the alcohol have catch up with he and he look a little queasy . benvolio this wind you talk of blow we from ourselves : Supper be do and we shall come too late . Romeo look toward the distant city . romeo I fear , too early , for my mind misgive some consequence yet hang in the star shall bitterly begin he fearful date with this night 's revel , and expire the term of a despise life close in my breast , by some vile forfeit of untimely death . pause : the water turn golden as firework explode across the bay . Romeo smile . romeo ( cont . ) but he that hath the steerage of my course direct my sail ! he take the pill and drop it into he mouth . romeo ( cont . ) on , lusty gentleman ! with the rush of a mind alter cocktail , we zoom in on Romeo 's eye ; they shimmer with the shoot star reflection of explode firework - a bend Eastern chord , we launch into donna summer 's ' I feel Love ' , sung by the vocalist from soundgarden with orchestration by ' deconstruction ' and sitar by ravi shankar . ext . mercutio' car - on freeway . night . pull out : from Romeo 's eye . he be lie in the passenger seat of mercutio 's convertible as it rocket along the freeway . the camera be directly above Romeo . he stare up at the firework that reflect in the windshield . the car and freeway begin to rotate and the camera follow . we feel that the car be now travel upside - down . the camera sway through a brilliant explosion of firework that fill the screen with a zillion pixilate , color dot of fire . int . capulet' mansion - ballroom . night . pull out : to discover the glitter dot of fire refracting from the sparkling dome roof of the magnificently ornate capulet ballroom . the camera swoops down over bizarrely costume reveller cavort to a drive Latin big band . the camera partner with a drugge mercutio and benvolio who shamelessly caper with each other in a mock antic adagio . CUT to : Romeo gaze blankly at the dance floor . CUT to : mercutio . he sweep up a thirty - something sophisticate and twirl she in Romeo 's direction . mercutio everyman betake he to he leg ! Romeo move off through the crowd . CUT to : romeo' p.o.v. : contort image of costume guest eat , drink and laugh in a grotesque collision of yves Saint Laurent cocktail party and bacchanalian romp . suddenly a large arm coil around Romeo 's neck . distorted extreme close up : a seriously intoxicate fulgencio capulet ; he puffy red face squeeze against Romeo 's . capulet ah , I have see the day that I could tell a whisper tale in a fair lady ear . such as would please . capulet scream above the music : capulet ( cont . ) come musician play ! blood drum in Romeo 's ear . break free from capulet 's grasp as he push through the crowd toward the bathroom . int . bathroom . night . Silent , underwater shot . Romeo 's tranquil feature submerge in a basin of water . beat . with a gasp , Romeo rise . a moment . his breathe calm . then , smoothing water into he hair , he gaze into the bathroom mirror . he turn : the entire wall opposite the mirror , be a magnificent salt - water fish tank . Romeo , draw by it 's submarine beauty , lean against the fish tank . applause echoe faintly through the bathroom speaker . int . ballroom . night . as the applause die , a dark - haire latina diva take the spotlight . the band ease into the open bar of a love ballad . int . bathroom . night . as the music swell , Romeo watch a moustach catfish glide past a medieval castle . suddenly , Romeo pull away . peer back at he through the castle be a pair of exquisitely beautiful angelic eye . the diva 's first pure , achingly beautiful note soar . confused , Romeo look again . there be no mistake - it be a girl . through a shimmer curtain of ribbon weed , two dark wide eye , a childish nose and sumptuous full lip . Romeo push he face closer to the glass . the other face snap abruptly away . int . powder room . night . CUT to : juliet , dress as a angel , on the other side of the tank . we now realise that the girl ' powder room and the boy ' bathroom be divide by this watery wonder world . juliet warily move closer to the glass . int . bathroom . night . Romeo lean he face against the glass . the love ballad build . slow track : from Romeo 's profile , in through the water , and ... int . powder room . night . ...out the other side , to find juliet in profile , peer into the tank . int . bathroom . night . Romeo press he nose lightly against the glass . int . powder room . night . juliet ; a tiny smile . suddenly , crash ! the door slam open . juliet turn , startle . it be the nurse . nurse juliet , you mother call . the nurse bustles juliet out the door . juliet look over she shoulder at the mystery boy . int . ballroom . night . Romeo , now without he mask , slam out of the bathroom - juliet and the nurse have disappear into the crowd . CUT to : juliet be drag along by the nurse . she glance back toward the mystery boy , but he be go . juliet and the nurse rejoin Dave Paris , who be dress as a astronaut , and gloria , at the side of the dance floor . Dave , irresistible smile , extend he hand to juliet . dave will you now deny to dance ? juliet look to Dave , desperately search for a reason to decline . gloria , brush aside she silly daughter 's protest , slug the last of she champagne and corral they onto the dance floor . gloria ( whisper to juliet ) a man , young lady , such a man . as juliet be drag onto the floor she eye furtively search for the boy . CUT to : Romeo in the crowd . desperate to find the girl , he roughly shunt aside a reveller dress as lucifer , Prince of darkness . hold on : lucifer . he remove he mask : it be tybalt . he turn to abra , who 's dress as a demon . tybalt what , dare the slave come hither to fleer and scorn at we solemnity ? now by the stock and honor of my kin to strike he dead I hold it not a sin . tybalt move off aggressively , but be halt as capulet slam a hand into he chest . capulet why how now kinsman , wherefore storm you so ? tybalt uncle , this be that villain Romeo . a Montague , we foe . capulet peer across the ballroom . capulet Young Romeo be it ? tybalt ' tis he . capulet content thee gentle cause , let he alone . I would not for the wealth of all this town here in my house do he disparagement . therefore be patient ; take no note of he . tybalt can not believe it . tybalt I will not endure he . close on : capulet , explode with rage . capulet he shall be endure ! ( slapping tybalt viciously ) what , goodman boy ! I say he shall ! go to . capulet violently shove tybalt to the ground . capulet you will make a mutiny among my guest ! a middle age couple look on shocked - capulet wave to they festively : capulet what ? cheerly my heart ! capulet snort at tybalt in disgust . capulet you will not endure he ! be I the master here or you ? go to . smooth he hair into place , capulet turn back into the ballroom . close on : tybalt choke back tear of rage . CUT to : Romeo move through the crowd . for a moment the crush clear and he spy the angel on the dance floor . close on : Romeo whisper : romeo do my heart love till now ? forswear it , sight . for I not 'er see true beauty till this night . Romeo begin to circumnavigate the dance floor in a attempt to get closer to juliet . CUT to : Dave slow dance with juliet . juliet 's eye search the room for the boy . close on : Romeo . close on : juliet . they eye connect . juliet look quickly back to Dave who , oblivious , return he most devastating smile . CUT to : the songstress , she voice soar . CUT to : juliet . unable to look away from the boy , she stare over Dave 's shoulder . CUT to : Romeo . ignoring the danger , he continue to move toward the angel . with the diva 's spiralling final note , the ballad conclude . a complete black out . as the crowd break into wild applause , juliet 's eye search the darkness , but the boy be go . the crowd cheer and scream its applause . a avalanche of balloon , tinsel and confetti rain down from the roof ; swathes of red silk drop from the ceiling and the space be transformed . close on : juliet , search for the boy . suddenly : a gasp , juliet 's eye widen , shocked . in the dark , a hand have shot out from the drape curtain off the stage and clasped hers . juliet barely dare breathe . she glance furtively to Dave Paris - he watch the stage . slowly juliet turn toward the hand ; there through a break in the curtain she can see eye , cheek and lip of the mystery boy . as the diva reprise the chorus , Romeo gently pull juliet behind the curtain . int . behind curtain . night . conceal from the party by the red velvet drape , hand still clasped , the teenager be so close they body almost touch . romeo if I profane with my unworthiest hand this holy shrine , the gentle sin be this . my lip , two blush pilgrim , ready stand to smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss . Romeo move he lip toward juliet 's . she stop he . juliet good pilgrim , you do wrong you hand too much , which mannerly devotion show in this . for saint have hand that pilgrim 's hand do touch , and palm to palm be holy palmer ' kiss . romeo have not saint lip , and holy palmer too ? juliet ( a gentle scolding ) ay , pilgrim , lip that they must use in prayer . romeo o , then , dear saint , let lip do what hand do , they pray : grant thou , lest faith turn to despair . juliet Saints do not move , though grant for prayer 's sake . romeo then move not while my prayer 's effect I take . he kiss she . romeo ( cont . ) thus from my lip , by thine my sin be purge . juliet then have my lip the sin that they have take . romeo Sin from my lip ? o trespass sweetly urge ! give I my sin again . he kiss she . juliet you kiss by th' book . they kiss again . suddenly a harsh light fall across the entwine couple . they break apart - nurse have pull open the curtain and stand eyeing they severely . nurse madam , you mother crave a word with you . we see that the party be break up . but for group of die-hard reveller , the room be nearly empty . nurse ( cont . ) come , let 's away . she take firm control of she charge . juliet furtively motion for the startle Romeo not to follow as he trail they across the room . CUT to : romeo' p.o.v. : the nurse and juliet reach the door , but instead of leave , they turn and ascend the staircase that arc around to the mezzanine level . they join a vex gloria capulet who cling to a patient Dave Paris . inaudible word be exchange . juliet flicker she eye nervously to Romeo . CUT to : Romeo . he halt at the foot of the stair unsure . CUT to : gloria . catch juliet 's interest in the boy , she indicate to she daughter to ' come along ' . CUT to : Romeo ; a dawn realisation . romeo ( under he breath ) be she a capulet ? CUT to : juliet . she stop and turn back . CUT to : Romeo , comprehend the reality of who she be . CUT to : juliet . the nurse whisper in she ear . nurse his name be Romeo , and a Montague , the only son of you great enemy . a orchestral treatment of Joy division 's " Love will tear we apart " swell ; hold on : juliet . like a cloud pass across the sun , a dark coldness descend upon she . CUT to : mercutio . he throw himself upon the shell shocked Romeo . mercutio away , begone , the sport be at its best . mercutio shuttle Romeo toward the door . romeo ay so I fear , a covert glance over he shoulder . romeo ( cont . ) the more be my unrest . ext . capulet mansion . night . mercutio bundle Romeo through the front door and down the stair to the wait getaway car . int . capulet mansion - stair alcove window - night . CUT to : juliet . manoeuvre by the nurse up the stair , she break away and rush to a tiny , window alcove . ext . capulet mansion - MAIN entrance . night . CUT to : mercutio 's convertible and its noisy confederacy join the line of depart limo . a huge sign combust into blind firework that write in giant word " capulet . " as the convertible pass beneath the blaze word , Romeo turn . through a deluge of fall spark , he glimpsis the mystery girl high up in the tower . ext . capulet mansion - window . night . close on : juliet lean out of the tower window . brilliant sparkles light in she eye . push in : we hear she secret whisper : juliet my only love , sprung from my only hate . too early see unknown , and know too late . prodigious birth of love it be to I ext . capulet mansion - MAIN entrance drive . night . CUT to : juliet be p.o.v. : in slow motion Romeo , through the fall curtain of fiery ember . juliet ( cont . ) ( v/o ) that I must love a loathe enemy . ext . capulet mansion - window . night . warm wind blow the smoke from the expend firework . juliet close the window and lean against the glass . crane down : the side of the building past reveller who do not know when to leave . stand in the front doorway be someone else who cannot take they eye off the depart Romeo . it be tybalt . the music darken as we push through the smoky wind . tybalt I will withdraw . but this intrusion shall , now seem sweet , convert to bitterest gall . int . mercutio' car . night . caught in the jam of depart vehicle , mercutio 's car crawl along the bridge that link capulet island with the mainland . the boy sing along raucously with the radio . boy " I be a pretty piece of flesh , I be a pretty piece of flesh ... " push in : on Romeo , he whisper : romeo can I go forward when my heart be here ? turn back , dull earth , and find thy centre out . Romeo leap from the car . benvolio yell after he . benvolio Romeo ! cousin Romeo ! Romeo ! ext . capulet bridge . night . Romeo run back along the bridge toward the estate . at the gate , armed guard supervise the exodus of vehicle . Romeo use the traffic to shield himself from view . Romeo leap from the bridge and into the shadow at the base of the high stone wall that border the compound . ext . capulet bridge . night . mercutio 's car prowl back along the bridge . the last guest have depart and the gate be swinging shut . the convertible halt in front of they . benvolio he run this way . call , good mercutio . mercutio nay , I will conjure too . mercutio leap from the car . he posture like a magician in a low - budget variety special . the boy cheer he on . mercutio Romeo ! humour ! madman ! Passion ! lover ! I conjure thee by rosaline 's bright eye , by she high forehead and she scarlet lip , by she fine foot , straight leg , and quivering thigh . and the demesn that there adjacent lie , that in thy likeness thou appear to we ! ext . capulet wall . night . close on : Romeo 's fake chain mail shirt tangle in the barb wire at the top of the wall . pan down : Romeo , now on the other side of the wall , pull up he undershirt and gingerly inspect the cut inflicted by the wire . mercutio 's cavort echoe from the bridge . Romeo smile ironically . romeo he jest at scar that never feel a wound . Romeo move off through the darken grounds of capulet estate . ext . capulet bridge . night . the boy laugh hysterically as mercutio stagger around the bridge in imitation of a love sick fool . mercutio o Romeo , that she be , o that she be a open-arse and thou a poperin pear ! the hilarity be abruptly arrest as a security spotlight blaze to life , pin mercutio in its beam . the sound of automatic weapon cock pierce the night . close on : mercutio . he 's brave but not stupid . he get back into the car . mercutio ( cont . ) come , shall we go ? ext . the back of capulet mansion . night . close on : a pair of stone cherub on top of the retain wall of a terrace garden . Romeo 's face appear between they . Romeo haul himself up onto the wall . below be a greco - Roman style pool area . to the right the darken rear wing of capulet mansion . suddenly the back of the house explode with light . Romeo take cover . romeo but soft , what light through yonder window break ? Romeo 's question be answer as out onto the verandah come juliet . she be still clad in she angel robe , but without the halo and wing . she slowly descend to pool level . romeo it be the East , and juliet be the sun ! arise , fair sun , and kill the envious moon , who be already sick and pale with grief that thou she may art far more fair than she . be not she may , since she be envious . her vestal livery be but sick and green , and none but fool do wear it . juliet stand on the top step of the pool stair . she be directly below Romeo as he whisper . romeo ( cont . ) cast it off ! juliet sit on the edge of the pool , she leg dangle in the water . romeo ( cont . ) it be my lady . o , it be my love ! o that she know she be ! juliet sigh . juliet ay I ! romeo ( whisper ) she speak . o , speak again , bright angel ! juliet look longingly toward the star . juliet o Romeo , Romeo ! - whyfore art thou Romeo ? deny thy father and refuse thy name . or , if thou will not , be but swear my love , and I will no longer be a capulet . close on : Romeo . incredulous . romeo shall I hear more , or shall I speak at this ? juliet ' tis but thy name that be my enemy . thou be thyself , though not a Montague . what 's Montague ? it be not hand nor foot nor arm nor face nor any other part belong to a man . o , be some other name ! what 's in a name ? that which we call a rise by any other word would smell as sweet . so Romeo would , be he not Romeo call , retain that dear perfection which he owe without that title . Romeo , doff thy name , and for thy name , which be no part of thee , take all myself . Romeo wildly call : romeo I take thee at thy word ! call I but love , and I will be new baptise . henceforth I never will be Romeo . Romeo jump down from the wall . juliet scream , and turn , toppling backwards . Romeo grab she hand but she momentum overbalance he and they both plunge headlong into the pool . ext . capulet mansion - pool - underwater . night . underwater shot : a slow motion phosphorescent tangle of arm , leg and body . ext . capulet mansion - back garden . night . CUT to : a security guard . alert by the noise he move toward the pool area . ext . capulet mansion - pool garden - night . CUT to : above water , real time : Romeo and juliet surface spluttering . juliet thrashes the water in a attempt to get distance from she attacker . juliet what man art thou that , thus bescreen in night , so stumblest on my counsel ? Romeo : a calming gesture as he try to tread water . romeo by a name I know not how to tell thee who I be : my name , dear saint , be hateful to myself because it be a enemy to thee . the ferocious bark of a guard dog arrest the teenager attention . a moment , then they slide beneath the water . CUT to : the security guard and dog appear above the pool area . guard be p.o.v. : the rippling surface of the water . CUT to - underwater shot : Romeo and juliet submerge , hair stream , stare at each other like two beautiful fish . CUT to : the guard . he can see noisy caterer clean up around the other side of the house . frown , he return the way he come . CUT to : Romeo and juliet . gasp for air , they cautiously surface . a moment - then juliet , a small smile . juliet Art thou not Romeo , and a Montague ? romeo neither , fair may , if either thee dislike . juliet look nervously toward the house . she drag Romeo toward a small grotto at the end of the pool . juliet how cam'st thou hither , tell I , and whyfore ? the garden wall be high and hard to climb , and the place death , consider who thou art . romeo ( with splashy bravado ) with love 's light wing do I o'er perch this wall . for stony limit can not hold love out , and what love can do , that dare love attempt . therefore thy kinsmen be no stop to I . juliet drag Romeo firmly into the grotto . juliet ( a real fear ) if they do see thee , they will murder thee . Romeo slowly pull juliet toward he . romeo I have night 's cloak to hide I from they eye . and but thou love I , let they find I here . my life be better end by they hate than death prorogue , want of thy love . the lover kiss long and deep . then juliet , suddenly fearful , push Romeo away . juliet thou knowest the mask of night be on my face , else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek , for that which thou hast hear I speak tonight . fain would I dwell on form - fain , fain deny what I have speak . but farewell compliment ! dost thou love I ? Romeo try to speak , juliet silence he . juliet ( cont . ) I know thou will say ' ay ' , and I will take thy word . yet , if thou swearest , thou mayst prove false . o gentle Romeo , if thou dost love , pronounce it faithfully . or if thou think'st I be too quickly win , I will frown , and be perverse , and say thee nay , so thou will woo . but else , not for the world . in truth , fair Montague , I be too fond , and therefore thou mayst think my ' haviour light . but trust I , gentleman , I will prove more true than that that have more cun to be strange . romeo Lady , by yonder bless moon I vow , that tip with silver all this fruit- tree top - juliet o , swear not by the moon , th' inconstant moon , that monthly change in she circle orb , lest that thy love prove likewise variable . romeo what shall I swear by ? juliet do not swear at all . or if thou will , swear by thy gracious self , which be the god of my idolatry , and I will believe thee . she touch he cheek . Romeo move he lip close . romeo if my heart 's dear love - confused , juliet break away . juliet well , do not swear . although I joy in thee , I have no joy of this contract tonight . it be too rash , too unadvise , too sudden ; too like the lightning , which doth cease to be ere one can say ' it lighten . ' sweet , good night . this bud of love , by summer 's ripening breath , May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet . good night , good night . as sweet repose and rest come to thy heart as that within my breast . she rush up the stair - Romeo follow desperately . romeo o , will thou leave I so unsatisfy ? juliet - a shocked look . juliet what satisfaction canst thou have tonight ? close on : Romeo . romeo the exchange of thy love 's faithful vow for mine . close on : juliet . she run joyously to Romeo . juliet I give thee mind before thou didst request it ! kiss he passionately . juliet ( cont . ) and yet I would it be to give again . romeo wouldst thou withdraw it ? for what purpose love ? juliet but to be frank and give it thee again . they kiss again . the nurse call from inside . nurse ( o/s ) juliet ! juliet look to the house . juliet ( breathlessly ) Three word , dear Romeo , and good night indeed . if that thy bent of love be honourable . thy purpose marriage , send I word tomorrow , by one that I will procure to come to thee , where and what time thou will perform the rite , and all my fortune at thy foot I will lay and follow thee my lord throughout the world . nurse ( o/s ) madam ! juliet I come , anon - but if thou meanest not well , I do beseech thee ... nurse ( o/s ) madam ! juliet ( to nurse ) by and by I come ! to cease thy strife and leave I to my grief . tomorrow will I send . Romeo hold juliet 's gaze . romeo so thrive my soul . nurse ( o/s ) madam ! juliet break away . juliet a thousand time good night ! with a final kiss , juliet run inside . romeo a thousand time the worse , to want thy light . Love go toward love as schoolboy from they book ; but love from love , toward school with heavy look . juliet re-appear at the upper balcony . juliet Romeo ! what o'clock tomorrow shall I send to thee ? romeo by the hour of nine . juliet unclasp a delicate silver necklace from around she neck . juliet I will not fail . ' tis twenty year till then . goodnight , goodnight ! parting be such sweet sorrow . that I shall say goodnight till it be morrow . she let the necklace fall from she hand . Romeo catch it and she be go . romeo sleep dwell upon thine eye , peace in thy breast , would I be sleep and peace , so sweet to rest . int . greenhouse . dawn . Morning sunlight filter through the lush foliage of a tropical rainforest . pan down : as we hear : father laurence ( o / S ) o mickle be the powerful grace that lie in plant , herb , stone , and they true quality . we discover the intensely concentrate feature of father laurence . fifty , wiry and wear a priest 's collar , laurence delicately make a incision in the bulb of a small purple flower plant . a pair of fresh face ten year old boy look on in wonderment as a vivid blue sap ooze from the incision . father laurence ( cont . ) within the infant rind of this weak flower poison hath residence , and medicine power . pull back : the Priest carefully gather the sap into a beaker . we discover that we be in a small tropical greenhouse . father laurence ( cont . ) ( to the boy ) for this , be smelt , with that part cheer each part ; be taste , stay all sense with the heart . the boy follow the Father as he move out of the greenhouse and into a adjoin work area . the wall be line with bottle of herb and dry plant and a television flicker in the corner . father laurence ( cont . ) for naught so vile on the earth doth live , but to the earth some special good doth give ; with the precision of a chemist , Father laurence funnel the sap into a small bottle and place it in the refrigerator . from out of the refrigerator he produce a large jar of candy . he eye the boy sternly . father laurence ( cont . ) nor aught so good but , strain from that fair use , revolt from true birth , stumbling on abuse . the boy take they candy and scram . CUT to : the mute television . a morning news program show footage of a murder scene cordon off with police tape . a distraught mother be be restrain . close on : the priest contemplate the television . father laurence two such oppose king encamp they still in man as well as herb : grace and rude will ; and where the worser be predominant , full soon the canker death eat up that plant . a feverish knock break the priest 's reverie . romeo ( o /s ) good morrow , father ! Father laurence snap off the television and exit the workroom . ext . wall . dawn . Romeo , dress in last night 's chain mail , pound desperately on a wooden door set into a high stone wall . romeo good morrow , father ! ext . courtyard . dawn . from the workroom , Father laurence enter a courtyard which enclose a tranquil tropical garden . he open a door in the wall of the courtyard and smile as the costume Romeo burst in . father laurence benedicite ! what early tongue so sweet saluteth I ? without pause , the priest continue through the courtyard and toward the church . father laurence ( cont . ) Young son , it argue a distemper head so soon to bid good morrow to thy bed . or if not so , then here I hit it right - we Romeo hath not be in bed tonight . the priest enter the back of the church . int . sacristy . dawn . Romeo , on fire to tell of he experience , follow the priest into the sacristy . romeo the last be true . the sweeter rest be mine . father laurence ( he stop ) God pardon sin ! wast thou with rosaline ? romeo with rosaline , my ghostly father ? no . I have forget that name and that name 's woe . the Father lay out the cut glass bottle and communion tray for mass . father laurence that 's my good son ! but where hast thou be then ? unconsciously , Romeo help the priest prepare . it be clear he know the routine by heart . romeo I have be feast with mine enemy , where on a sudden one hath wounded I . that 's by I wounded . both we remedies within they help and holy physic lie . father laurence ( buttone a long black cassock ) be plain , good son , and homely in thy drift . riddling confession find but riddling shrift . romeo then plainly know my heart 's dear love be set , on the fair daughter of rich capulet . we meet , we woo , and make exchange of vow , I will tell thee as we pass . but this I pray , that thou consent to marry we today . CUT to : the Priest , thunderstruck . the two kid , now dress in red altar-boy robe , enter . altar boy good morrow , Romeo . the apoplectic priest wave the boy away . they get the message and bolt . father laurence Holy Saint Francis ! what a change be here ! be rosaline , that thou didst love so dear , so soon foresake ? Young men' love then lie not truly in they heart , but in they eye . romeo thou chid 'st I oft for loving rosaline . father laurence ( very angry ) for dote , not for loving , pupil mine . romeo I pray thee chide I not . her I love now doth grace for grace and love for love allow . the other do not so . father laurence o , she know well thy love do read by rote , that could not spell . the Father fall into a chair and consider . he look through the sacristy door to where a small child 's choir have assemble . they angelic voice soar into the purest of hymn . choir how can you just leave I stand alone in a world so cold , maybe I be just too demand , maybe I be just like my father , too bold , maybe you be just like my mother , she 's never satisfied . why do we scream at each other ? this be what it sound like when dove cry ... we recognise the hymn as " when dove Cry " by Prince . push in : on the Priest ; move , he look to Romeo . father laurence but come , young waverer , come , go with I . in one respect I will thy assistant be . for this alliance may so happy prove to turn you household ' rancor to pure love . Romeo hurriedly assist the priest with he vestment . romeo o , let we hence ! I stand on sudden haste . Father laurence hold Romeo in he powerful gaze . father laurence wisely and slow . they stumble that run fast . the procession be join by the two little altar boy and the mass begin . ext . verona beach . day . as the angelic voice of the choir soar , we see a pay phone etched with hyper- real starkness against the white sand , green sea and blue sky . a single lean palm tree frame the image like a ridiculous tourist postcard . benvolio speak on the pay phone . mercutio , torso naked but for he holster Sports rapier 'mm , drum he finger on the side of the booth . mercutio where the devil should this Romeo be ? come he not home tonight ? benvolio ( slamm down the phone ) not to he father 's . I speak with he man . mercutio storm off down the beach . mercutio why , that same pale hard - heart wench , that rosaline , torment he so that he will sure run mad . benvolio ( run to keep up ) tybalt hath send a letter to he father 's house . mercutio ( halt abruptly ) a challenge , on my life . close on : benvolio , unsure . benvolio Romeo will answer it ? mercutio any man that can write may answer a letter . benvolio nay , he will answer the letter 's master , how he dare , be dare . mercutio clamp benvolio into a headlock . mercutio alas , poor Romeo , he be already dead ! stabbed with a white wench 's black eye , he whisper into benvolio 's ear : mercutio ( cont . ) run through the ear with a love song . ( in disgust ) and be he a man to encounter tybalt ? benvolio ( struggle to break free ) why , what be tybalt ? mercutio ( release he ) more than Prince of cat , I can tell you . o , he 's the courageous captain of compliment . the very butcher of a silk button . lighten fast , mercutio draw he gun . he twirl it in a impressive display of gunmanship which end with the barrel between the startle benvolio 's eye . mercutio ( cont . ) a duellist , a duellist . Romeo 's car pull into the beach side parking lot . benvolio head toward it . benvolio here come Romeo , here come Romeo ! ext . beach - parking lot . day . Romeo alight from he car and throw he key to balthasar who lounge outside the beach side hang . mercutio saunter up the beach with mock nonchalance . mercutio signor Romeo , bonjour . there 's a french salutation to you french slop . you give we the counterfeit fairly last night . romeo good morrow to you both . what counterfeit do I give you ? mercutio the slip , sir , the slip . can you not conceive ? Romeo smile smugly . romeo pardon , good mercutio . my business be great , and in such a case as mine a man may strain courtesy . mercutio ( sarcastically ) a most courteous exposition . romeo nay I be the very pink of courtesy . mercutio ( camply ) pink for flower ? the boy laugh . Romeo feign anger . romeo I will bite thee on the ear for that jest ! mercutio , goad Romeo to follow , back off down the beach . mercutio come between we , good benvolio ! my wit faint . mercutio flick sand at Romeo , then sprint off down the beach . Romeo , laugh , give chase . romeo switch and spur , switch and spur , or I will cry a match . ext . beach - shoreline . day . Romeo be gain on mercutio , who run headlong into the sea . with a yell , Romeo dive in after he . ext . beach - at sea . day . mercutio splashes the laugh Romeo . mercutio why , be not this better now than groan for love ? Romeo try to dunk mercutio . mercutio ( cont . ) now art thou sociable . mercutio , evade , head for shore . mercutio ( cont . ) now art thou Romeo . now art thou ... ext . beach - shoreline . day . Romeo tackle mercutio on the wet sand . mercutio fall suddenly serious . mercutio ( cont . ) ( quietly ) what thou art , by art as well as by nature . a moment between the boy . a shadow fall across they . Romeo look up . romeo here 's goodly gear . stand above the boy be the nurse . she wear a ridiculous , all red , " Jackie o " style disguise of sunglass , scarf and parasol . mercutio ( bemused ) God ye good e'en fair gentlewoman . the nurse , ignore mercutio , speak dramatically to Romeo . nurse I desire some confidence with you . she turn and walk back to the parking lot where Peter the chauffer wait beside the limousine . benvolio and the other boy look on curiously . mercutio a baw , a baw , a baw ! so ho ! but Romeo rise and to the amazement of mercutio actually follow this woman . mercutio look questioningly to benvolio , who shrug . benvolio she will endite he to some supper ? even more strangely , Romeo get into the limousine . mercutio ( take by surprise ) Romeo , will you come to you father 's ? we will to dinner thither . romeo ( as he close the door ) I will follow you . mercutio farewell , ancient lady . farewell . the car pull away . ext . STREET . day . the limousine drive through verona Beach . int . moving limousine . day . close on : Romeo jamme into the corner of the seat . the nurse 's face be press alarmingly close to he . she speak in cold deadly earnest . nurse if ye should lead she in a fool 's paradise , as they say , it be a very gross kind of behavior , as they say . for the gentlewoman be young ; and therefore , if you should deal double with she , truly it be a ill thing and very weak deal . beat : Romeo choose he word carefully . romeo bid she to come to confession this afternoon , and there she shall at Friar laurence 's cell be shrive and ( push in on : Romeo ) marry . int . juliet' bedroom . day . close on : juliet 's face peer out she bedroom window . juliet o God she come ! ext . capulet mansion - driveway . day . pull back : juliet be p.o.v. : the limousine pull up at the front door , the nurse alight . juliet bolt from the room . int . landing . day . juliet hurry down the stair - the nurse , a way ahead , disappear into a doorway . int . stairway . day . juliet race down a dark stairwell that lead to the bowel of the house . int . kitchen . day . the kitchen , obviously the nurse 's domain , be decorate with a mixture of religious iconography and travel poster . most of the poster depict a strange city of decadent , decaye , beauty . juliet burst breathlessly into the room . juliet o honey nurse , what news ? the nurse , bury up to she ample hip inside the refrigerator , do not turn around . juliet cry impatiently . juliet nurse ! the nurse emerge from the ice box laden with food . move to the counter she start to make a sandwich . nurse I be aweary , give I leave awhile . fie , how my bone ache . what a jaunce have I . juliet under she breath . juliet I would thou hadst my bone and I thy news . juliet go to the nurse . juliet nay come , I pray thee , speak : good ; good nurse , speak . sandwich make , the nurse shuffles over to a corner couch . nurse jesu , what haste . can you not stay awhile ? can you not see I be out of breath ? juliet can not stand the suspense any longer . juliet how art thou out of breath when thou hast breath to say to I that thou art out of breath ! be the news good or bad ? answer to that . the nurse take a big bite from she sandwich and answer through thoughtful chew . nurse well , you have make a simple choice . you know not how to choose a man . Romeo ? no , not he . though he face be better than any man' , yet he leg excel all men' and for a hand and a foot and a body , though they be not to be talk on , yet they be past compare . he 's not the flower of courtesy , but I will warrant he as gentle as a lamb . go thy way , wench , serve God . what , have you dine at home ? juliet be flabbergasted . juliet no , no . but all this I do know before . what say he of we marriage ? what of that nurse Lord how my head aches ! what a head have I : my back - this be a game that juliet know well . she move behind the nurse and begin massage she back . nurse ( cont . ) o' t'other side - ah , my back ! beshrew you heart for send I about to catch my death with jaunce up and down . with sublime self control , juliet coo 's sweetly . juliet I 'faith I be sorry that thou art not well . sweet , sweet , sweet nurse , tell I , what say my love ? nurse you love say like a honest gentleman , and a courteous , and a kind , and a handsome , and I warrant a virtuous - where be you mother ? juliet crack . juliet where be my mother ? how oddly thou repliest ! ' you love say , like a honest gentleman , " where be you mother " ' ! the nurse sulk . nurse o God 's lady dear be you so hot ? henceforth do you message yourself . juliet 's frustration explode . juliet here 's such a coil ! come what say romeo ? pause : the nurse consider juliet . nurse have you get leave to go to confession today ? juliet I have . nurse then hie you hence to Father laurence cell . there stay a husband to make you a wife ! juliet , with a scream of joy , hug the nurse to she . hold on : juliet 's ecstatic feature . int . church . day . tight on : father laurence : father laurence this violent delight have violent end ! pull back : Father laurence be preaching energetically from the pulpit . Hidden from the congregation , Romeo wait in a small alcove chapel at the side of the altar . father laurence ( cont . ) the sweetest honey be loathsome in its own deliciousness , therefore love moderately . the Father glance toward Romeo . father laurence ( cont . ) Long love doth so . too swift arrive as tardy as too slow . juliet push through the double door at the far end of the church . Father laurence motion to the middle - age choir master who lead the choir into a choral version of led Zeppelin 's " a Whole lot of Love " with Latin lyric . Father laurence hurry from the altar over to Romeo . father laurence ( cont . ) here come the lady . juliet burst into the tiny chapel . try to observe a vestige of decorum , she greet Father laurence . juliet good afternoon to my ghostly confessor . but before the priest can reply , the two lover embrace , kissing passionately . father laurence ( dryly ) Romeo shall thank thee , daughter , for we both . the choir complete the hymn and the priest , realise it be he cue , rush back to the altar . he quickly deliver a prayer to the congregation while eyeing the increasingly amorous smooching of the young couple . the choir launch into a joyous chorus and the priest return to Romeo and juliet . he delicately part the couple . father laurence ( cont . ) come , come , and we will make short work . for , by you leave , you shall not stay alone till Holy Church incorporate two in one . a young boy with a voice like jamiroquai step forward . he launch into a wail solo . macro close up : a simple silver ring . engrave on the inside of the band be the word ' I love thee . ' pull back : Romeo slip the ring onto juliet 's finger as the priest execute the formal sacrament of marriage . int . / ext . church . day . crane up : through the majestic pattern of stain glass , and out of the church to find Peter , the chauffeur , cradling a small camera as he wait nervously beside the limo . ext . church . day . the music swell in celebration . Romeo and juliet , now newly - wed , rush from the side door of the church . the priest follow , throw handfuls of rice . Peter studiously take a snap as the bride and groom kiss . Peter hold the door of the limousine open . reluctantly juliet get into the car . as the car pull out of the driveway , Romeo run alongside . hold : on Romeo as he watch the big black car speed away . ext . underwater . day . fish - eye view : from the bottom of the ocean ; mercutio 's distort feature . gun aim , he stare intently into the water . a muffle bang ! and a bullet whizze past the camera . ext . verona beach . day . we see that mercutio - wading in knee deep water close to the beach - be hunt fish . benvolio shelter in the shade of a unmanned life guard tower . a shimmer heat haze blanket the desert beach and the horizon be stack with purple storm cloud . benvolio I pray thee , good mercutio , let 's retire . the day be hot , mercutio , ignore he , plug away at another fish . benvolio nervously look to see if there be any reaction to the sound of the shot . benvolio ( cont . ) the capel be abroad . and if we meet we shall not ' scape a brawl . mercutio stride out of the water . mercutio thou art like one of this fellow that , when he enter the confines of a tavern , clap I he sword upon the table and say ' God send I no need of thee ! ' ( he hand benvolio he gun ) and by the operation of the second cup draw he on the drawer , when indeed there be no need . another incredible sleight of hand routine and mercutio have manage to draw benvolio 's pistol , retrieve he own gun , and trap benvolio with a barrel at each temple . the joke have wear thin for benvolio ; he push past mercutio toward where balthasar , sampson and Gregory lounge in the shade of the beach - side hang . suddenly he stop dead - a monstrous black sedan prowl into the beach side parking lot . benvolio by my head , here come the capulet . mercutio by my heel , I care not . ext . beach - parking lot . day . the sedan mount the curb and slide to a halt only metre from benvolio and mercutio . tybalt , abra and petruchio alight from the sedan and walk menacingly toward mercutio and benvolio . tybalt gentlemen , good day . a word with one of you . the boy from the hang , draw the capulet car , converge - eye dart nervously , hand stray towards gun . mercutio smile mockingly . mercutio and but one word with one of we ? couple it with something . make it a word and a ... lean close to tybalt , he camp the implication . mercutio ( cont . ) ... blow . mercutio score . the boy laugh . tybalt ( furious ) you shall find I apt enough to that , sir , ( clutching at he side arm ) and you will give I occasion . close on : mercutio . he stop , eyeing the hand on the gun . no one move . mercutio ( a breathy , coquettish voice ) could you not take some occasion without give ? the boy fall about again . tybalt crack . tybalt mercutio , thou consortest with Romeo . the accusation sting - mercutio 's anger flare . mercutio consort ? what , dost thou make we minstrel ? and thou make minstrel of we look to hear nothing but discord . here 's my fiddlestick . indicating he holster gun . mercutio ( cont . ) here 's that shall make you dance . ( bark at tybalt ) Zound , ( goad he to go for he gun ) consort ! close on : tybalt . close on : mercutio . he will not back down . benvolio try to diffuse thing . benvolio either withdraw unto some private place . or reason coldly of you grievance . here all eye gaze on we . mercutio Men 's eye be make to look , and let they gaze . I will not budge for no man 's pleasure , I . at that moment , Romeo 's car pull into the lot . tybalt smile . tybalt well sir , here come my man . tybalt move toward Romeo who bound from he car full of happy news . tybalt Romeo , the love I bear thee can afford no better term than this : close on : tybalt . he clear he jacket from he side arm and issue the challenge . tybalt ( cont . ) thou art a villain ! close on : mercutio . close on : benvolio . all eye be on Romeo . Romeo calmly approach he now cousin . romeo tybalt , the reason that I have to love thee doth much excuse the appertain rage to such a greeting : villain be I none , therefore farewell . I see thou knowest I not . Romeo turn , and to the amazement of all , walk back to he car . tybalt , unable to shoot he in the back , be confuse . he hurl himself into he sedan . kick it into a sand spraying u-turn , he careen the short distance to Romeo 's car . slam into the back of it he block Romeo in . tybalt leap out , maniacally kick at bumper , door and headlight . Romeo flick the lock down . tybalt shatter the side window and haul Romeo through the door , slamm he against the savage fuselage . tybalt Boy , this shall not excuse the injuries that thou hast do I ! he smashes Romeo across the face , Romeo crash to the roadway . tybalt ( yelling ) turn and draw . a cut have open in the side of Romeo 's mouth . he unsteadily lift himself up , and meeting tybalt 's gaze , speak through bloody tooth . romeo I never injure thee , and so , good capulet , which name I tender as dearly as mine own ... Romeo cautiously extract he gun ... romeo ( cont . ) ... be satisfied . ... and throw it at tybalt 's foot . Storm cloud obscure the sun as Romeo turn and walk from the parking lot . mercutio , benvolio and the other cannot believe they eye . mercutio o calm , dishonourable , vile submission ! ext . beach - vacant lot . day . tybalt 's anger must be answer . he ceremoniously disarm , give he weapon to abra , and sprint after Romeo who be now pass a beach side lot that house a abandon grand hotel . a bone-crack kick send Romeo crumble into the vacant lot . the boy swarm toward the fray . Romeo , still refuse the fight , scramble up the stair of the desert hotel . tybalt trip he and Romeo careen into a ornamental wooden railing , smash it to piece . tybalt kick savagely at the helpless Romeo . suddenly , mercutio appear run full tilt down the concrete terrace . he pluck up one of the splinter wooden paling and yell ... mercutio ( cont . ) tybalt , you ratcatcher , ... as he bludgeon he across the face . tybalt go down . mercutio ( cont . ) will you walk ? tybalt leap to he foot grab a lump of wood . tybalt what wouldst thou have with I ? he swipe at mercutio . mercutio ( avoiding ) good King of cat , nothing but one of you nine life . mercutio jab , tybalt sidestep . tybalt I be for you . tybalt aim a double-handed blow to mercutio 's head . mercutio block , hook tybalt 's stick away . unarm , tybalt throw he full body weight upon mercutio , slamm he against a window that shatter in a storm of glass . lightn fast , mercutio jackknife to he foot . he raise he weapon to deliver a skull - crush final blow to the trap tybalt . Romeo rush between they . romeo forbear this outrage , good mercutio ! seize the opportunity , tybalt lunge at Romeo with a lethal triangle of break glass . he miss , gouging instead a slash of flesh from mercutio 's stomach . a scream of excruciate pain as mercutio grab at he bloody side . everyone be still . in the abrupt silence , siren be hear close in the distance . abra tug at tybalt . abra away tybalt ! they bolt for they vehicle . benvolio go to mercutio . benvolio Art thou hurt ? but mercutio , cover he wound with he hand , laugh . mercutio ay , ay , a scratch . he turn to he assemble fan at the bottom of the stair . with outrageous bravado he play at be caesar the conqueror . mercutio ( cont . ) a scratch ! the boy cheer they conquer hero . Romeo help mercutio down the stair . romeo courage , man . the hurt can not be much . mercutio hold he bleed side , joke through the pain . mercutio ' twill serve . ask for I tomorrow and you shall find I a grave man . he turn the next think to the assemble audience . mercutio ( cont . ) ( through crazy laughter ) a plague o' both you house ! mercutio turn from the cheer boy to Romeo who be struggle to support he weight . mercutio - through weak and desperate breathe . mercutio ( cont . ) why the devil come you between we ? I be hurt under you arm . Romeo start to register the panic in mercutio 's eye . romeo I think all for the best . like a animal try to break free from a mortal trap , mercutio push Romeo away . he scream in horror , as if fall in the dark : mercutio a plague o' both you house ! they have make worm ' meat of I . mercutio stagger down the stair and collapse in the dirt . Romeo be there instantly , cradling he friend 's head out of the dust . the die boy stare back at Romeo , smile through the chill cold . mercutio ( cont . ) ( a silent whisper ) you house ! everything stand still , everything be quiet . the storm finally break . ext . beach - rain . day . tiny drop of water fall from the sky and bespeckle mercutio 's lifeless body . the droplet grow to a heavy rain . Romeo can hear the faint sound a thousand mile away of benvolio whisper : benvolio mercutio be dead ! tear streak Romeo 's face . he cry out . romeo oh sweet juliet , thy beauty hath make I effeminate and in my temper soften valor 's steel ! the sound of tybalt 's vehicle start bring back cold reality . Romeo 's sorrow turn to uncontrollable rage . shrugge aside benvolio 's attempt to restrain he , Romeo run to he car . ext . beach - parking lot . day . up ahead tybalt 's sedan screech into a fishtail u- turn and power away . Romeo jump into he vehicle . in a effort to head tybalt off , he gun he damage machine down a one way street . the rain be now blind . Romeo stop for nothing ; pedestrian flee , car spin out of control . ext . verona beach street - from AIR . day . aerial shot : the two car speed along parallel road toward Plaza jesu . Romeo be gain . ext . verona STREET - christ roundabout . day . CUT to : tybalt 's car negotiate the immense roundabout at the foot of the statue of Jesus . ext . christ roundabout . day . CUT to : Romeo 's car fire out of the one way street and slamm into tybalt 's car . tybalt 's car careen out of control up the stair of the statue , clip the fountain , flip , and slide upside down onto the roadway . CUT to : tybalt scramble from he upturn vehicle . CUT to : Romeo run toward he . suddenly Romeo be halt by tybalt 's draw gun . fearlessly march toward it , he scream through tear . romeo mercutio 's soul be but a little way above we head , Romeo grab the barrel of the gun ; force it between he own eye , he growl insanely at tybalt . romeo ( cont . ) stay for thine to keep he company . tybalt , unnerve , try to back off . tybalt thou , wretch boy , shalt with he hence . Romeo , refuse to let go of the gun , force tybalt backward through the torrential rain . romeo ( with frightening intensity ) either thou or I , or both , must go with he . Cars swerve , Romeo be relentless . he grip tybalt 's hand try to force he to shoot . romeo ( cont . ) either thou or I , or both , must go with he . panicked , tybalt wrench free and lurch onto the roadway . blind by the headlight of a oncoming car he thud onto its hood as it skid to a halt . the impact catapult he gun high into the air . Romeo coldly follow its slow motion , spin trajectory . Real time stretch as the gun dance high above he head . Police siren , car swerving , people scream , and the yell of panicked command fade to a nothingness . Romeo stand calmly consider the gun in the air . a harrowing symphonic tone and the echo of mercutio 's voice can be hear . mercutio ( v/o ) why the devil come you between we ? CUT to : patrol car slide to a halt . CUT to : the spin gun slowly fall to earth . CUT to : tybalt rise from the ground . CUT to : cop leaping from they car . CUT to : the gun landing in Romeo 's hand . his eye full of rage . CUT to : cop levelling they revolver . cop ( Romeo in he sight ) put up thy weapon . CUT to : Real time - Romeo fire three deliberate shot . tybalt 's body convulse backwards against the car , hit it with a thud , bloody the shattered windscreen . the cop fire . a bullet graze Romeo 's arm - he gun drop as he scream . romeo o , I be fortune 's fool ! at that moment a roaring hurricane wind hit ; blind police . close on : the scaffold surround the Jesus statue . part of it 's canvas cover rip away . scaffold rain down as the insanely flap material try to smash free from it 's mooring . through the mayhem , a rusty Ford drive by balthasar , slide to a halt . balthasar scream out at Romeo . balthasar Romeo , away be go ! stand not amaze ! Romeo collapse into the front seat . the cop open fire as balthasar speed off into the storm . int . balthasar's car . afternoon . Romeo be bleed from the bullet graze . ext . causeway . afternoon . the gale - force wind throw wave across the causeway as the fugitive disappear into the black afternoon . crane up : in the distance we see Montague and capulet tower . divide by the statue of Christ , they suffer the storm 's rage . ext . monument . afternoon . away , below the outstretch arm of Christ , light from emergency vehicle pulse red through the downpour . the camera : Falls through heavy rain toward a woman crouch over the lifeless body of tybalt . she cry : gloria tybalt ! cop nervously eye fulgencio capulet and Ted Montague , who , both flanke by body guard , face each other across the crime scene . medics stand by helplessly as gloria cling to tybalt 's body . a handcuff benvolio look on . gloria ( cont . ) tybalt , my cousin , o my brother 's child ! o , the blood be spill of my dear kinsman . Police line part as Captain Prince arrive . captain prince where be the vile beginner of this fray ? benvolio struggle forward . benvolio o noble Prince I can discover all the unlucky manage of this fatal brawl . gloria appeal hysterically : gloria Prince as thou art true , for blood of ours shed blood of Montague ! captain prince benvolio , who begin this bloody fray ? benvolio ( point to tybalt 's corpse ) there lie the man , slain by young Romeo , that slew thy kinsman brave mercutio . gloria interject savagely . gloria he speak not true ! affection make he false ! benvolio Romeo , that speak he fair , could not take truce with the unruly spleen of tybalt deaf to peace ! gloria he be a kinsman to the Montague ! I beg for justice which thou Prince must give . Romeo slew tybalt , Romeo must not live ! Captain Prince turn to gloria . captain prince Romeo slew he , he slew mercutio . who now the price of he dear blood doth owe ? Ted Montague plead : montague not Romeo , Prince , he be mercutio 's friend ; his fault conclude but what the law should end , the life of tybalt . Captain Prince eye Montague coldly . captain prince and for that offence immediately we do exile he . Montague , body guard in tow , surge forward . montague Noble Prince ...? Prince silence he . captain prince I will be deaf to plead and excuse ; nor tear nor prayer shall purchase out abuse . therefore use none . the Captain turn and address he assemble officer . captain prince ( cont . ) let Romeo hence in haste , else , when he be find that hour be he last . close on : Captain Prince . captain prince ( cont . ) bear hence this body and attend we will . mercy but murder , pardon that that kill . int . juliet' bedroom . afternoon . a acoustic guitar version of Joy division 's ' Love will tear we apart . ' juliet trace the path of a raindrop on the window pane as she speak she thought to the storm . juliet come gentle night , come loving black brow night , give I my Romeo . and when I shall die , take he and cut he out in little star , and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night , and pay no worship to the garish sun . o , I have buy the mansion of a love but not possess it , and though I be sell , not yet enjoy . so tedious be this day as be the night before some festival to a impatient child that hath new robe and may not wear they . ext . capulet' mansion - driveway . afternoon . juliet 's p.o.v . : the limousine pull into the driveway . pull out : of the window and crane down : juliet run from the room . ext . capulet mansion . afternoon . through the open doorway we see a excited juliet meet the nurse at the bottom of the stair . the music surge . track in : the nurse 's word be lose in the storm . juliet buckle . int . capulet mansion . afternoon . we be close enough now to hear juliet 's word . juliet oh God ! do Romeo 's hand shed tybalt 's blood ? nurse it do , it do ! alas the day , it do ! juliet oh serpent heart , hide with a flowering face . be ever book contain such vile matter so fairly bound ? o , that deceit should dwell in such a gorgeous palace ! nurse there 's no trust , no faith , no honesty in man . all perjure , all forsworn , all naught , all dissembler . shame come to Romeo . juliet blister be thy tongue for such a wish ! he be not bear to shame . upon he brow shame be ashamed to sit . nurse will you speak well of he that kill you cousin ? juliet shall I speak ill of he that be my husband ? ah , poor my lord , what tongue shall smooth thy name when I , thy three - hour wife have mangle it ? but whyfore , villain , didst thou kill my cousin ? that villain cousin would have kill my husband . all this be comfort , wherefore weep I then ? some word there be worser than tybalt 's death : I would forget it fain - exile . tybalt be dead , and Romeo exile . to speak that word be father , mother , tybalt , Romeo , juliet , all slain , all dead . juliet sink to the floor , overwhelm by tear . juliet ( cont . ) nurse , I will to my wedding bed , and death , not Romeo , take my maidenhead . nurse look down at juliet . she go and comfort she . nurse hie to you chamber . I will find romeo to comfort you . I know well where he be . hark ye , you Romeo will be here at night . juliet look up through tear . juliet o find he , give this ring to my true knight , and bid he come to take he last farewell . slam macro zoom : into the ring . the screen fill with the word ' I love thee ' . int . presbytery bedroom . night . Romeo lie on the bed shirtless and cry . his wound have be bandage and balthasar crouch frighten in the corner . the priest lead the nurse into the room . Romeo look up . romeo nurse ! she go to he . nurse ah sir ! ah sir ! death 's the end of all . romeo speakest thou of juliet ? where be she ? and how doth she ? and what say my conceal lady to we cancel love ? nurse o , she say nothing , sir , but weep and weep , and then on Romeo cry , and then fall down again . Romeo be wail inconsolably . romeo as if that name , shot from the deadly level of a gun , do murder she , as that name 's curse hand murder she kinsman ! Father laurence shake the hysterical boy . father laurence I think thy disposition better tempere ! thy juliet be alive , there art thou happy . the law that threaten death become thy friend and turn it to exile . there art thou happy . a pack of blessing light upon thy back . Romeo calm . the nurse give he the ring . nurse here sir , a ring my lady bid I give you . Romeo enfold the ring in he hand . romeo how well my comfort be revive by this . the priest go to he wardrobe , remove a clean white shirt and help Romeo put it on . father laurence go , get thee to thy love , as be decreed . ascend she chamber . hence and comfort she . but look thou stay not till the watch be set , for then thou canst not pass to mantua where thou shalt live till we can find a time to blaze you marriage , reconcile you friend , beg pardon of the Prince and call thee back , with twenty hundred thousand time more joy than thou wentst forth in lamentation . Father laurence usher Romeo from the room . int . hallway . night . they hurry down the hallway . the priest open the front door . father laurence go hence . be go by the break of day sojourn in mantua . give I thy hand . Romeo embrace he . romeo farewell . the priest and balthasar watch as Romeo and the nurse sprint for the car . int . capulet mansion . night . sob echo through the house . Dave Paris stand in the entrance hallway clutching a huge bunch of flower . fulgencio capulet stand beside he , whisky glass in hand . CUT to : gloria on the upper landing . there be a strange faraway quality about she as she descend to Dave and capulet . gloria she will not come down tonight . Dave , a understanding smile . dave this time of woe afford no time to woo . capulet guide Dave into the house . capulet look you , she love she kinsman tybalt dearly . gloria ( joining ) and so do I . capulet ( a cold glance at gloria ) well , we be bear to die . capulet take a large slug of whisky . gloria lean close to Dave . gloria I will know she mind early tomorrow . tonight she 's mew up to she heaviness . as gloria , Dave and capulet exit down the hallway we crane up : toward juliet 's bedroom door . int . juliet' bedroom . night . close on : juliet 's face . tear stream onto the pillow . without warning a hand lightly touch she cheek . juliet 's eye dart up to discover Romeo stand above she . a still moment of disbelief . lean down , roemo kiss away the tear that fall from she dark , wide eye . juliet 's lip find Romeo 's and they gently sink back onto the bed . int . sitting room . night . capulet sit in a armchair drink . Dave and gloria sit opposite as capulet whip himself into a frenzy of drunken excitement . capulet we will keep no great ado - a friend or two . for , hark you , tybalt be slain so late , it may be think we hold he carelessly , be we kinsman if we revel much - but soft what day be this ? dave Monday my lord . capulet well Wednesday be too soon - what say you to Thursday ? gloria look up alarmed ; Dave be stunne . dave my lord I ... capulet ( lean close ) I will make a desperate tender of my child 's love . ( a drunken good humour ) I think she will be rule in all respects by I ; ( explode with hearty laughter ) nay , more , I doubt it not ! CUT to : gloria , she face harden . capulet ( to Dave ) but what say you to Thursday ? Dave be try to catch up . dave my lord I ... CUT to : capulet he eye Dave intently . dave ( cont . ) I would that Thursday be tomorrow . delighted , capulet jump to he foot . capulet a Thursday let it be then ! capulet hold out he glass in toast . Dave and gloria rise . capulet wife , go you to juliet ere you go to bed . tell she , a Thursday she shall be married to this noble sir ! close on : the glass clink . ext . capulet estate . dawn . a pink and gold dawn break over capulet mansion . int . juliet' bedroom . dawn . a tangle of young limb . Romeo and juliet blissfully asleep . the dawn light creep into the room . ext . capulet estate . dawn . balthasar 's car covertly pull into a side road near the estate . int . juliet' bedroom . dawn . Romeo and juliet still asleep . crane down : toward the sleep innocence of the face . hold : a shadow of fear pass across Romeo 's feature . with a cry of panic , he sit bolt upright . Wide awake , but disorientate , Romeo stare around the room - as juliet stir , he remember where he be . slip quietly from the bed , Romeo begin to dress . close on : Romeo . a pair of lip enter frame and find he neck . it be juliet . she hug herself to he . juliet wilt thou be go ? it be not yet near day . Romeo turn - softly he stroke she cheek . romeo I must be go and live , or stay and die . juliet kiss he finger- tip . juliet yond light be not daylight , and then he cheek ... juliet ( cont . ) I know it , I it be some meteor that the sun exhales to light thee on thy way to mantua . therefore stay yet . thou needest not to be go . Romeo , feverishly return the kiss , throw himself on juliet . romeo let I be take , let I be put to death . I have more care to stay than will to go . come , death , and welcome ! juliet will it so . juliet be suddenly still . Romeo kiss she gently . romeo ( cont . ) how be 't , my soul ? let 's talk . it be not day . juliet pull Romeo to he foot . juliet it be , it be ! hie hence , be go , away ! o , now be go ! more light and light it grow . frantically she help he into he clothes . romeo more light and light : more dark and dark we woe . there be a urgent knock on the door . they freeze . nurse ( o/s ) madam ! juliet nurse ! nurse ( o/s ) you lady mother be come to you chamber . juliet then , window , let day in , and let life out . desperately juliet pull Romeo out onto the balcony . ext . balcony . dawn . the storm , now past , have leave a morning achingly pure . romeo farewell , farewell . one kiss , and I will descend . Romeo climb down from the balcony and into the shadow . juliet o , think'st thou we shall ever meet again ? Romeo smile up at she . romeo I doubt it not ; juliet 's face darken . juliet o God , I have a ill-divine soul . methink I see thee , now thou art so low , as one dead in the bottom of a tomb . Romeo scramble back up to the balcony . romeo trust I , love , all this woe shall serve for sweet discourse in we time to come . from juliet 's bedroom come the brittle sound of gloria capulet 's voice . gloria Ho daughter ! be you up ? juliet spin around . gloria have parte the curtain and be stare directly at she daughter . gloria well , well . CUT to : Romeo shelter just below the lip of the balcony . follow : his hand , as it slowly reach up and touch juliet 's finger hide behind she back . gloria return to the room . juliet steal a glance toward Romeo as he silently mouth : romeo adieu , adieu ! as Romeo 's face disappear into the shadow juliet whisper a little prayer to herself . juliet o fortune , fortune ! be fickle , fortune , fo then I hope thou will not keep he long but send he back . int . juliet' bedroom . dawn . juliet be try not to cry as she go in to she mother . gloria turn to she . gloria thou hast a careful father , child : one who , to put thee from thy heaviness , hath sort out a sudden day of joy that thou expect not nor I look not for . juliet play along . juliet madam , in happy time . what day be that ? gloria take a deep breath . gloria marry , my child , early next Thursday morn the gallant , young , and noble gentleman , Sir Paris , at Saint Peter 's Church , shall happily make thee there a joyful bride . close on : juliet . she can barely speak . juliet now by Saint Peter 's Church , and Peter too , he shall not make I there a joyful bride ! fear pass across gloria 's face . gloria here come you father . tell he so yourself . capulet - whisky glass in hand - ebulliently burst into the room . capulet how now , wife ? have you deliver to she we decree ? gloria ay , sir . but she will none , she give you thanks . I would the fool be marry to she grave ! capulet - a dangerous calm . capulet how ? will she none ? be she not proud ? doth she not count she blest , unworthy as she be , that we have wrought so worthy a gentleman to be she bride ? juliet not proud you have , but thankful that you have . proud can I never be of what I hate . pause : capulet consider he daughter , then - bam ! he hurl he glass against the wall , shatter it into a thousand piece . capulet thank I no thanking , nor proud I no proud , but fettle you fine joint ' gainst Thursday next ... capulet advance . juliet , terrify , retreat into the hallway . juliet hear I with patience but to speak a word ... int . landing . day . the nurse appear as capulet pick he daughter up and shake she like a rag doll . capulet speak not , reply not , do not answer I ! he throw she to the floor . his fist thud as it slam into she face . gloria ( scream ) fie , fie ! what be you mad ? gloria try to restrain capulet . he back -hands she , send she fly against the wall - bellow insanely , he advance on he cower daughter . capulet hang thee , young baggage ! disobedient wretch . the nurse throw herself between capulet and juliet . nurse God in heaven bless she ! you be to blame , my lord , to rate she so . furious , capulet shunt she aside . capulet peace , you mumble fool ! capulet yank he daughter 's face close to he . capulet ( cont . ) I tell thee what - get thee to church a Thursday or never after look I in the face . and you be mine , I will give you to my friend . and you be not , hang , beg , starve , die in the street , trust to it . bethink you . I will not be forsworn . capulet storm off down the hall . close on : juliet . she huddle , shaking at the top of the stair . juliet o sweet my mother , cast I not away ! delay this marriage for a month , a week . or if you do not , make the bridal bed in that dim monument where tybalt lie . a trickle of blood issue from gloria 's cut lip . she check she appearance in the hall mirror . gloria talk not to I , for I will not speak a word . do as thou will , for I have do with thee . gloria leave . juliet o God ! - o nurse , how shall this be prevent ? the nurse do not reply . juliet ( cont . ) what sayest thou ? hast thou not a word of joy ? some comfort , nurse . a heavy silence . the nurse go to juliet . nurse faith , here it be . I think it best you marry with this Paris . o , he 's a lovely gentleman ! I think you be happy in this second match , for it excel you first ; or if it do not , you first be dead - or ' twere as good he be as live here and you no use of he . juliet be very still . juliet speakest thou from thy heart ? nurse and from my soul too . else beshrew they both . juliet amen . nurse ( unsure ) what ? juliet be matter of fact . juliet well , thou hast comfort I marvellous much . go in ; and tell my lady I be go , have displease my father , to Friar laurence , to make confession and to be absolve . the old woman nod . she stroke juliet 's hair . nurse this be wisely do . juliet do not look up . a disturbing choral chant : dissolve to : int . church . day . sunlight pierce stain glass - the chant a sinister underscore . we hear Dave Paris ' voice : dave ( o/s ) immoderately she weep for tybalt 's death ... crane down : Father laurence and Dave Paris stand at the front of the church . dave ( cont . ) ... now , sir , she father count it dangerous that she doth give she sorrow so much sway , and in he wisdom hastes we MARRIAGE to stop the inundation of she tear ... Father laurence turn . juliet stand frame in the white glare of the doorway . Dave smile . dave happily meet , my lady and my wife . close on : juliet 's hand conceal beneath she coat - we can just see the handle of a gun . juliet advance slowly , a icy calm : juliet that may be , sir , when I may be a wife . dave that ' may be ' , must be , love , on Thursday next . juliet stare past Dave . juliet what must be , shall be . Father laurence , a force cheerfulness . father laurence that 's a certain text . dave come you to make confession ? juliet force a smile . juliet be you at leisure , holy father , now ? or shall I come to you at evening mass ? father laurence my leisure serve I , pensive daughter , now . ( to Dave ) we must entreat the time alone . dave God shield I should disturb devotion ! - juliet , on Thursday early will I rouse ye ; Dave bend . close on : juliet ; she stare stonily ahead as Dave kiss she cheek . dave ( cont . ) till then , adieu , and keep this holy kiss . Dave leave . track with : juliet ; she run for the sacristy . the priest follow . int . sacristy . day . juliet , shaking with sob take refuge in the shadow of the small room . the priest go to she . father laurence o juliet , I already know thy grief . juliet pull away . juliet tell I not , Father , that thou hearest of this , unless thou tell I how I may prevent it . father laurence it strain I past the compass of my wit . juliet ( desperately ) if in thy wisdom thou canst give no help do thou but call my resolution wise , and with this I will help it presently ! she pull the gun , point it towards herself . horrify , Father laurence move to she . juliet , panicked , level the gun at he . father laurence hold daughter ! juliet ( through tear ) be not so long to speak . I lone to die ! Father laurence hold out a soothing hand . father laurence I do spy a kind of hope , which crave as desperate a execution as that be desperate which we would prevent . if , rather than marry Paris , thou hast the strength of will to slay thyself , then it be likely thou will undertake a thing like death ... we hear the distend chord of faur 's requiem . father laurence ( cont . ) to chide away this shame ... it continue throughout as ; the entire screen fill with a glint tear drop of blue liquid . reflected in the fluid 's convex surface , the face of Father laurence . the face disappear as the tear drop fall and splashes into a clear water solution . like a comet in slow motion , the drop stain the water a cobalt hue . int . greenhouse workroom . day . pull back : the blue liquid fill a tiny glass vial hold by Father laurence . father laurence ( cont . ) no warmth , no breath shall testify thou livest . each part , deprive of supple government , shall stiff and stark and cold appear , like death . now when the bridegroom in the morning come to rouse thee from thy bed , there art thou , dead . thou shalt be borne to that same ancient vault where all the kindre of the capulet lie . in the meantime , against thou shalt awake , shall Romeo by my letter know we drift , and hither shall he come . and that very night shall Romeo bear thee hence to mantua . the priest cautiously hand juliet the vial . father laurence ( cont . ) take thou this vial , be then in bed , and this distill liquor drink thou off . I will send my letter to thy lord with speed to mantua . ext . church . day . as Father laurence speak , the screen fill with a express envelope address " Romeo - mantua . " the envelope pull away from the camera and fall into a canvas bag brim with hundred of like envelope . track : with the canvas bag . it continue its journey into the back of a express delivery van . heavy double door slam shut , fill the screen with the slogan ' speed Express . ' the van pull away . dissolve to : ext . mantua . day . a burn red sun be set over a endless vista of rag wasteland . crane down : a weathered sign read - mantua : behind it a vast colony of permanent trailer home stretch into the distance . the rap , rap , rap of knock echoe through the park ... CUT to : the source of the knock . a express delivery man , envelope in hand , rap vigorously on the door of a unremarkable trailer . int . trailer . day . topographical shot : Romeo lie flat on a single bed in the crample trailer . the rap , rap , rap be very loud now . we move toward Romeo and realise he cannot hear the knock because he have walkman headphone on . ext . trailer . day . unsuccessful , the delivery man be fill out a " we call " card . he push it under the door . dissolve to : int . capulet mansion . night . the heraldic ' wedding Chimes ' by js bach . juliet stand resplendent in a radiant bridal gown . the image float ethereally in a tower slab of mirror . pull out : from the mirror . the wedding dress be in fact be hold in front of juliet by two member of the house staff . juliet be dress in she night gown . the nurse suggest various pair of shoe . juliet ( disinterested ) ay , this attire be best . the fuss dispense with , the staff leave . juliet but , gentle nurse , I pray thee leave I to myself tonight . nurse why bride ? juliet navigate the nurse toward the door . juliet ( almost in tear ) to move the heaven to smile upon my state , which , well thou knowest , be cross and full of sin . juliet hold the nurse in a plead stare . she leave . alone now , juliet hurry to she bedside drawer . she cautiously remove a roll piece of cloth from which she produce the glass vial . juliet ( whisper ) what if this mixture do not work at all ? shall I be marry then tomorrow morning ? she cautiously begin to unscrew the tiny black lid . suddenly , a knock at she door . palm the vial , juliet swing around to meet the arrival of she mother . gloria probe she daughter 's uneasiness . gloria what , be you busy , ho ? need you my help ? juliet ( make light of it ) no , madam . we have cull such necessaries as be behoveful for we state tomorrow . so please you , let I now be leave alone , and let the nurse this night sit up with you . juliet begin to pull down the cover on she bed . juliet ( cont . ) for I be sure you have you hand full all in this so sudden business . gloria , sense juliet 's distress , move cautiously toward she . take hold of the bed cover she help she daughter into bed . gloria good night . juliet slide into bed . gloria cover she with the blanket . gloria ( cont . ) get thee to bed , and rest , for thou hast need . a brief moment between mother and daughter . gloria , unable to cross that final barrier , move to the door ; but she be stop by the urgency in juliet 's voice . juliet farewell ! gloria turn to juliet . juliet ( cont . ) God know when we shall meet again . close on : gloria . a faint perplexity , and then with a almost warm smile she turn out the light and leave . the room be in darkness but for pattern of moonlight through window . track : toward juliet . the sombre tone of faur 's requiem seep into we consciousness . juliet I have a faint cold fear thrill through my vein that almost freeze up the heat of life . she bring the vial she mouth . juliet ( cont . ) come , vial . Romeo , I drink to thee . juliet drink , a sudden violent convulsion , she face contort in fear . dissolve to : ext . capulet estate . day . the sky be fill with green and grey cloud . a gusty rain blow the flower arrangement across the lawn . large white wedding marquee flap in the wind . through blur rain , we see ambulance and police vehicle , light flash . Father laurence , accompany by a dour look man in black , alight from he car . we follow they p.o.v. : we hear snatch of radio call . medic one ( over radio ) mortal drug ? medic two ( over radio ) of lethal quantity as ' twould render death . int . capulet mansion - dine room . day . they enter the house and pass the vast dining room , bedeck with wedding decoration . capulet sit at the large mahogany table . in the background gloria stare vacantly . move swiftly toward a doorway , the music build . int . capulet mansion - juliet' bedroom . day . the door open . on the bed juliet 's still body . Father laurence close the door . the priest kneel and hastily examine juliet 's pupil . he look to the man in black who retrieve the glass vial from the floor and pocket it . father laurence ( to the man in black ) as the custom be , in all she best array bear she to church . when the man in black allow two other dark suite man into the room , it become clear he be the undertaker . undertaker she shall be borne to that same ancient vault where all the kindre of the capulet lie . int . mausoleum . day . a thousand voice proclaim the ' song of ascension . ' pan down : from the vaulting glass ceiling of the capulet mausoleum . on view , enshrine in literally thousand of light candle , be juliet 's peaceful body . we move through line of capulet mourner . in the shadow of the front door a young man hide . close on : the young man . we recognise the distress face of balthasar . push in : balthasar rush from the mausoleum . ext . mantua . day . we be high above mantua . Beyond the trailer park stretch a long ribbon of black highway . as a speed Express van turn off the highway and into the park , we hear Romeo 's voice over : romeo ( v/o ) if I may trust the flatter truth of sleep my dream presage some joyful news at hand ... crane down : the Express van pull up at the front office . the driver alight and go inside . int . trailer . day . Romeo sit at the trailer 's small kitchen table smoking and write in he notebook . the " we call " card lie next to a overflow ashtray . his voice over continue . romeo ( v/o ) and all this day a unaccustom spirit lift I above the ground with cheerful thought . I dreamt my lady come and find I dead and breathe such life with kiss in my lip that I revive and be a emperor . ah I , how sweet be love itself possessed when but love 's shadow be so rich in joy . stub out he cigarette , Romeo gaze through the trailer window to see balthasar 's speed car turn off the highway and into the trailer park . romeo News from verona ! a excited Romeo rush from the trailer . ext . trailer park . day . crane high : Romeo sprint across open ground to intercept balthasar 's car . we see , but Romeo cannot , the Express van approach from the office . the car slew to a halt and balthasar jump out . Romeo yell joyously . romeo how now , balthasar ? bathlasar can not speak . romeo ( cont . ) dost thou not bring I letter from the Priest ? how doth my lady ? be my father well ? how doth my lady juliet ? that I ask again , for nothing can be ill if she be well . balthasar do not know how to say what he have come to tell . he look away . balthasar then she be well and nothing can be ill . her body sleep in capel ' monument , and she immortal part with angel life . I see she laid low in she kindre 's vault . for a long moment Romeo be profoundly still . when he speak , it be with a chill calm . romeo be it e'en so ? balthasar nod . Romeo turn and stare into the distant wasteland . close on : he speak with bitter determination . romeo then I defy you star . Romeo move to the car . romeo I will hence tonight . balthasar try to restrain he . balthasar have patience ... explode with fury , Romeo throw balthasar against the vehicle . romeo leave I ! CUT to : the speed Express messenger . returning to he truck , the priest 's undeliver envelope in he hand , the messenger look toward the two boy . CUT to : the boy . balthasar plead with Romeo . balthasar you look be pale and wild and do import some misadventure . romeo ( with cold serenity ) tush , thou art deceive . ( a niggling think ) hast thou no letter to I from the Priest ? balthasar shake he head . Romeo smile . romeo no matter - I will hence tonight . Romeo climb into the passenger seat of the car . balthasar reluctantly get behind the wheel . as silent tear begin to flow , Romeo turn he face to the set sun . push in : as he whisper : romeo well juliet , I will lie with thee tonight . balthasar 's car roar out of the park . CUT to : the delivery man . he look to the envelope in he hand , then get back into he truck . ext . highway . night . balthasar 's car speed along the night - time highway . crane up : in the distance the glow of city light . ext . alleyway . night . balthasar 's car pull into a alley and stop outside a decrepity apartment block . int . apartment block . night . close on : a bespectacle eye peer through the crack of a partly open doorway . below the face , the barrel of a shotgun protrude menacingly . CUT to : Romeo in the dark , paint peel hallway . romeo let I have a dram of poison , such soon - speed gear as will disperse itself through all the vein that the life - weary taker may fall dead . the eye consider , a voice rasp back . apothecary such mortal drug I have , but verona 's law be death to any he that utter they . Romeo speak with fury . romeo the world be not thy friend , nor the world 's law . then be not poor , but break it and take this . Romeo shove a wad of money at the apothecary be face . beat . the rattle of a latch chain and the door swing open . stand in the doorway be the apothecary . sixty something , he have a face scar with age and abuse . apothecary my poverty , but not my will consent . close on : Romeo . romeo I pay thy poverty and not thy will . int . presbytery . night . close on : Father laurence . he speak into the telephone with concern . father laurence who bore my letter then to Romeo ? int . speed express depot . night . a bored clerk be on the other end of the line . the priest 's letter be on the counter beside he . clerk I could not send it - here it be again . int . presbytery . night . Father laurence be worried . father laurence by my brotherhood , unhappy fortune ! the letter be of dear import . ( pause : the priest listen ) adieu . he hang up the receiver and look at the wall clock . father laurence ( cont . ) now must I to the monument alone . within this hour will fair juliet awake . dissolve from : the clock to ... int . apothecary's apartment . night . close on : a cat skitter across a stain formica table . pull back : the apothecary 's apartment be fill with cat . dozen of feline eye glow in the dim room . Romeo stand nervously . the apothecary extract a small chemist 's vial from inside a ' statue of we Lady ' table lamp - he now speak with cool professionalism . apothecary drink it off and if you have the strength of twenty man it would dispatch you straight . Romeo take the vial and hand over the money . romeo there be my gold - worse poison to men' soul than this poor compound that thou mayst not sell . int . balthasar's car . night . motor run , balthasar wait in the alley outside the apartment building . he check the rear view mirror and freeze . at the end of the alleyway a police car crawl to a halt . ext . alleyway . night . Romeo exit the building , and as he do so , the streetlight catch he face . the cop 's and Romeo 's eye meet . int . police car . night . close on : the cop . cop this be that banish haughty Montague . int . balthasar's car . balthasar crack ; he gun the engine and the car lurch forward . ext . alleyway . night . tire screech as Romeo dive into the passenger seat of balthasar 's move vehicle . sire blaring , the police car give chase . aerial shot . night . balthasar 's car wind through traffic - the patrol car gain . ext . another part of town . night . a police car u-turn over a median strip . ext . balthasar's car . night . tight on : a rusted brown hood . the torture engine scream as balthasar negotiate the speed car through city traffic . crane up : Red and blue police light approach fast . int . precinct office . night . Captain Prince barrel through the corridor of police headquarters pull on he fly jacket . ext . STREET . night . tight on : a smoking tire as it lay rubber to the asphalt . balthasar grit he tooth as he weave the car through the impossibly tight space between a container truck and a bus . whip pan : the patrol car be almost upon they when ... in a seemingly suicidal manoeuvre balthasar throw he car into a right - angle turn across four lane of oncoming traffic . horn blare . CUT to : a skid , squealing , out of control sedan , brake to avoid collision . miraculously , balthasar 's vehicle shoot out of it its path and onto the other side of the roadway . the sedan slam into the follow patrol car . ext . driveway . night . balthasar 's car speed into the driveway of the verona Beach eternal Rest Cemetery . int . chopper . night . Captain Prince scan the night time city below . he speak to the pilot and the chopper bank sharply . ext . cemetery . night . close on : a stone angel etched against the night sky . pan down : Romeo pull a crowbar from the trunk of the park car . Police siren sound in the distance . Romeo eye balthasar intently . romeo upon thy life , whatever thou hearest or seest , stand all aloof . give I the light - balthasar stand motionless - Romeo rip the torch from he hand and stride into the cemetery . balthasar follow . balthasar I do beseech you ... Romeo turn , punch balthasar hard ; he go down , blood spurting from he nose . romeo do not interrupt I in my course or by heaven I will tear thee joint by joint and strew this hungry churchyard with thy limb ! balthasar slowly rise . both boy be try hard not to cry . romeo ( cont . ) the time and my intent be savage wild , more fierce and more inexorable far than empty tiger or the roaring sea . balthasar I will be go and not trouble ye . Romeo smile . romeo so shalt thou show I friendship . they embrace as Romeo whisper . romeo ( cont . ) live , and be prosperous ; and farewell , good fellow . ext . mausoleum . night . close on : a crowbar wrench at ornate glass and iron door . pull back : the gothic structure of the mausoleum rear against the night sky . Romeo frenziedly attack the gate of the small side chapel . romeo thou detestable maw , thou womb of death , thus I enforce thy rotten jaw to open . with a final heave the door scrape open . silence . romeo' p.o.v. : a endless marble corridor light by hundred of tiny flicker eternal flame . close on : Romeo . he murmur : romeo in despite I will cram thee with more food . suddenly a hurricane wind and whirr of machinery : like a huge black insect , Captain Prince 's chopper swoops down over the mausoleum . Romeo be catch in the glare of the chopper 's burn arc light . siren scream , police unit race through the cemetery . blind , Romeo fire wildly toward the chopper . the police car screech to a halt . close on : a police marksman in the chopper . his finger squeeze the rifle trigger . bang ! a bullet slam into Romeo 's shoulder . the other cop open fire and Romeo be send reeling backwards into the mausoleum in a fusillade of bullet . int . chopper . night . a angry Captain Prince bellow into the radio . captain prince hold ! hold ! the police hold they fire . int . mausoleum . night . bleed from the shoulder wound , Romeo drag shut the heavy double door of the chapel . he bang off three shot through a pane of break glass and scream at the police . romeo stand all aloof ! ext . mausoleum . night . outside the chopper hover . Police take up siege position . Captain Prince 's voice echoe through the bullhorn . captain prince Romeo , come forth , come forth . int . mausoleum . night . Romeo use the crowbar to wedge the door shut . he bang off another shot as he yell out at the Police . romeo tempt not a desperate man ! Romeo wait . there be no response from the cop . int . chopper . night . as the chopper settles to earth , Captain Prince speak into the radio . captain prince bring forth this enemy Montague and capulet . int . priest car . night . Orange rescue light reflect through the windshield of the priest 's car as it crawl past the crash sedan and police vehicle . Father laurence thump the steering wheel in frustration . father laurence Saint Francis be my speed tonight ! across the road Police swarm around the entrance to the cemetery . father laurence fear come upon I . o , much I fear some ill unthrifty thing . hold on : the green glow of the car clock as the second pulse away . int . mausoleum . night . track : down the marble corridor light by the eternal flame . discover : Romeo . he weakly stand at the entrance to the view chapel . the chapel be dark . as Romeo 's eye adjust he can just see , pick out by a shaft of blue moonlight , the glow figure of a sleep girl . he move down the aisle past the tomb of long - dead capulet . Romeo be close now . he halt as if in the presence of a unbelievable vision . he light a match and the room glow gold . the warm light reveal a juliet even more beautiful in seem death . Romeo light some of the hundred of candle that surround she . romeo o my love , my wife , death , that hath suck the honey of thy breath , hath have no power yet upon thy beauty , thou art not conquer . beauty 's ensign yet be crimson in thy lip and in thy cheek , and death 's pale flag be not advanced there . Romeo kneel close , as if not want to wake a sleep child . unconscious tear fall from he eye as he whisper . romeo ( cont . ) ah , dear juliet , why art thou yet so fair ? shall I believe that unsubstantial death be amorous and keep thee here in dark to be he paramour ? for fear of that I still will stay with thee . here , oh here will I set up my everlast rest and shake the yoke of inauspicious star from this world - weary flesh . he lay himself close . romeo ( cont . ) eye , look you last . arm , take you last embrace . and , lip , o you the door of breath , seal with a righteous kiss ... gently Romeo kiss juliet 's lip . ever so slightly , juliet 's hand move - Romeo do not notice . romeo ( cont . ) a dateless bargain to engross death . Romeo drink from the vial ; the power of the compound be immediate . he convulse and fall , he head rest on juliet . romeo ( cont . ) ( fight for breath ) o true apothecary , thy drug be quick . behind Romeo 's head we can see juliet 's eye open . Romeo suck the last few breath of life into he lung . through a blurry consciousness juliet become aware of Romeo . juliet oh Romeo , what 's here ? force herself up , she cradle he head in she arm . Romeo 's clear wide eye stare back , he be completely still but for the sound of weak breath desperately draw across motionless lip . juliet find the vial clench in Romeo 's hand . tear slip from she eye . juliet ( cont . ) drunk all , and leave no friendly drop to help I after . I will kiss thy lip . haply some poison yet doth hang on they to make I die with a restorative . she delicately kiss Romeo 's lip . juliet ( cont . ) ( a heart - break whisper ) thy lip be warm . desperately the lover cling to each other . with all he desire to stay alive , Romeo whisper : romeo thus with a kiss I die . there be no breath . he be still . silence . sob , juliet hug the lifeless Romeo to she . juliet Romeo . o' my true love Romeo . she look to the gun in he hand . ext . mausoleum . night . track : quickly past Captain Prince and the capulet take cover behind a patrol car . two police officer urgently convey Montague and he wife toward they . discover Father laurence arrive . CUT to : Father laurence 's p.o.v. : patrol car , light flash , surround the mausoleum . he see , through the open door of a police car , a hand - cuffed youth . it be balthasar . Father laurence hurry to he . it be dawn on Father laurence . father laurence balthasar ? balthasar ( desperately ) I bring news of juliet 's death ... and then in post come Romeo from mantua to this same place ... to this same monument . close on : Father laurence . father laurence how long hath he be there ? balthasar full half a hour . Father laurence turn towards the mausoleum . father laurence Romeo . ( a shock of realisation ) the lady stir ... int . mausoleum . night . track slow toward : juliet : sob uncontrollably she prise the gun from Romeo 's hand . ext . mausoleum . night . Father laurence , desperate , break through the police line and run toward the mausoleum . CUT to : the parent and Captain Prince . captain prince hold ! go not forth ! int . mausoleum . night . juliet turn the gun on herself . ext . mausoleum . night . close on : Father laurence , he scream as he mount the mausoleum stair . father laurence the lady stir ! crack ! the sound of a single gun shot rip through the night . CUT to : Captain Prince . CUT to : the parent , a look of cold shock . CUT to : the priest - he cry echoe through the night . int . mausoleum . night . juliet lie peacefully on Romeo 's chest . her eye awake . a wash of deep red blood flood across they both . as we move away from the form of the two young lover light by a ring of candle , the police burst in , gun ready to resolve what have already be resolve . continue up , we pass through the glass dome of the view chapel , and over the building . ext . mausoleum . night . there , huddle at the base of the mausoleum step , be the Montague and capulet parent and Father laurence . from high up we see Captain Prince emerge from the mausoleum and speak to the group . a moment , then they cry float gently up . ext . sky . night . we be travel high into the sky now . the cry of the parent and the buzz of radio call fade to nothing . ext . verona beach STREET - christ roundabout -from AIR . dawn . as the sun struggle to rise , we push toward the figure of Jesus silently surveying the city . ext . verona beach - christ roundabout . dawn . as Jesus ' face fill the screen , droplet of water begin to streak he cheek . hold : Music swell ; the droplet grow to a torrent , and a heavy rain begin to fall . for a long beat , we stay with this image . crane down : from the Jesus . a sea of black umbrella stretch back from the step of freedom Tower . ext . freedom tower . day . at the top of the step be a pair of flower strewn casket . before the casket stand fulgencia and gloria capulet , and Ted and caroline Montague . they stare with blank , uncomprehend sorrow . among the crowd we see the distraught face of benvolio , balthasar , Father laurence and the nurse . the casket be gently sly into a pair of long black car . Montague and capulet descend the stair . Captain Prince block they path . he hold they in he gaze . captain prince see what a scourge be laid upon you hate , that heaven find mean to kill you joy with love ; and I , for winking at you discord too , have lose a brace of kinsmen . all be punish . the Prince step aside . the procession move off . Montague and capulet look to one another , a moment , and then the two adversary together follow the body of they dead child . aerial shot : the rain fall . two black car lead the people of verona Beach in a sorrowful parade . as the car pass beneath the tower effigy of Jesus , the image pixilate into a television picture . pull out : a tv anchor woman watch the image on a studio monitor . she turn : anchor woman ( to camera ) a gloom peace this morning with it bring : the sun for sorrow will not show he head . go hence , to have more talk of this sad thing . some shall be pardon , and some punish , for never be a story of more woe than this of juliet and she Romeo . the anchor woman change beat to the next story ; but she dialogue fade , and she image get smaller as the television recede into a black distance . the music that remind we most of this two lose life swell . when the television be very small it be switch off . black screen . hold a beat . the end