ft . I td screenplay by Mitchell kapner previous revision by Eric Brent Ben tripp jerrold E. Brown current draft by John jarrell 7 warner bros . 4000 Warner boulevard burbank , California 91522 black screen . a vacuum of silence . then the SOUND of a raging sea roll from leave to right across the screen . the sweep of it build in a threatening rush ... quickly starting to crescendo as we smash CUT to -- ext . underwater - ( fifteen year ago ) - dusk ret where the camera find two pair of foot kick fiercely from below . ext . ocean - ( fifteen year ago ) - dusk 2 where two young chinese brother ( po and han ) fight for they life atop a jag skyline of break whitecap . credit begin to roll ... the sea have never seem more violent , dance and choke they from swell to swell . the makeshift raft keep they afloat nothing but a tatter basketball . yet they doggedly cling together , a share dream and they love for each other conspire to keep they alive . welcome to the eight - hour escape from mainland China to the promise of a new life in Hong Kong . tighter as younger brother ( han ) start slip away , lose he tender grasp on the raft and survival . older brother ( po ) see this and make a desperate lunge to help ... for a sicken moment han be swallow whole by the dark water . then po abruptly hoist he back up . as older brother hug he protectively to the meat of the raft ... young han ( chinese ) where be the great light ? young po ( chinese ) not far . Hong Kong will shine bright as day , even at night . a helicopter shot drag we away from they .... pulling back to reveal the hour of naked sea truly ahead ... and then we match cut to -- ext . san francisco BAY - oakland side - dusk 2 where the same helicopter shot sweep in hard and low over the water , now a lifetime away from we open vision ... ( continued ) continued : : 3 a bridge loom across the water ahead ... then a_dark suv atop the bridge ... as we come in tight we see ... four asian bad -ass Riding inside . the sheer mass of each man 's muscle threaten to shred the fabric of he Hugo boss suit . the credit conclude ... ext . street - oakland - dusk 4 where we follow the same suv make its way through the descend darkness . int . dark suv - night 5 where the hypnotic beat of eastern-flavored trip - hop course through the cabin . we watch the same four man as they start feed they machine . -- be withdraw . we be look at the fortune 500 of firearm -- s&w .40' , sig -sauer .380' , even a pair of mp - 5's for safe measure ... : fresh clip -- be thumbed for empty and jammed into the grip ... lead round -- be racked into wait chamber ... ing p’ -- be fitte for protection in case shit turn loud . the cherry on top . just because you may have to put someone down do not mean you have to go deaf do it ... ext . waterfront casino - oakland - night 6 a thriving gambling and dance joint set amongst the oakland dock . think of it as a little taste of Vegas nestle inside the jaw of hip -hop . the cop be pay not to ask and the Brothers happy not to tell . the suv knife into the load zone , quickly join by a porsche . then steadicam follows as heavy black shoe exit and make a even march for the club ... int . waterfront casino - plush booth - night 7 where po sung ( mid 30' ) drain off he third vodka rock . look very much the asian - american playboy -- hair fuck up , Zegna suit and tie , tea shade complement a bone-handled cane . ( continufd ) continued : 7 two asian hotties dance seductively before he . this be serious business for he female companion -- work themselves into a startlingly salacious coupling . po smile lazily as the girl 's tongue touch in a brief flicker . rotates the bone handle of he cane back to reveal a small coke stash . casually dip a nail and do a bump . wider shot as we realize they be the only asian in the place . a roomful of black gambler and other dancers dagger they with stare as the security staff approach . the lead bad - ass waste no time step up to the chinese ... bad - ass leave a twenty for the drink and crawl the fuck outta here . the music die off , leave a searing tension in its wake . po stare back with a almost infuriate indifference . po it 's all good , bra , no worry . I be simply wait to talk to a friend ... bad -ass you do not have any friend in this motherfucker . that 's the problem . patron talking smack fuel this from the safety of the crowd ( " bye- bye you chinese motherfucker " etc . ) . after a beat ... po I be no psychologist , but you seem like a pretty angry guy . bad -ass you do not know the haif of it . the table be jerked out to extract po when ... a cadre of chinese aside . pound for pound this guy be every bit as hard - core as they counterpart . and you think it be tense before ... ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 7 sung family enforcer , kai ( late 20' ) , walk the point . this guy would have Van damme crapping he pants inside a minute -- he face reflect that . sunglass be cant to reveal hard eye and the bad attitude to go with ‘em . kal let it go , po . this be a hassle we do not need . po shrug . another lazy smile . but the bad- ass stick a hand into he chest keep he from slide out . po swiftly strike , -- the cane just a vague blur as it chop the hand down , crack rib on both side , then butt the guy flush on the temple with the bone handle . Kai shoot hima '' what the fuck 's wrong with you " look as the man drop ... kai ( to he man ) get he outside . a second bad - ass confront the enforcer as po be hustle out ... bad - ass # 2 take he place , you will take he ass - whipping as well . kai ( lower he sunglass ) bring whatever you have get . the young black take he up on it -- but Kai SNAP -kick the guy knee so quickly that he foot be back on the ground by the time we hear the acl SNAP , ... the enforcer box he ear on the way down with a deafening clap . Kai calmly breast - pocket he shade . then in the blink of a eye it 's on ... full view - the battle as a brutal melee erupt across the casino . we be treat to a perfect blend of martial Arts and Street , extreme hand -to-hand STUFF showcase the better element of both ... one of the black clothesline a chinese throat ... two other trade OPEN shot hagler / hearns -style until one simply drop ... Kai lead the pack , rack ass at a furious pace . he toss one guy through a glass partition , then put the wood to several brother emerge from the crowd to lend a hand ... ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 7 7 but one bad apple spoil the fun . a chinese be the first to go for he piece . now a really nice moment as a daisy chain of handggun be drawn simultaneously , drop into place like a row of dominos ... Black gun jamme to chinese temple -- a asian .45 stick in black 's belly -- Mr. 45 's spine scissore by a pair of - 380' , and so on ... a long beat . both side teeter on the brink of annihilation . then the SOUND of a shotgun be racked roll over the house p.a ... silk tand next to e@_ microphon din weapon . he 's the owner and sole proprietor of this casino , and he AK - 47 toting bodyguard now cover the room . silk gun do not kill people -- people kill people . he step from the open dj booth and start down the stair ... silk ( cont would ) now if you will excuse I , gentleman , you be disrupt my business . slowly , the weapon be lower . silk ( cont would ) so if you ass be not black , you best drag it out my establishment . bad - ass # 2 hobble upright to confront Kai . bad -ass ( cold , lethal ) this shit be far from over . kai Fine -- we will do it again once you start walk . the chinese gather themselves for the exit ... ext . waterfront casino - parking lot - night 8 where Kai have po pin up against he Lexus ... kai you wanna explain this to I ? huh ? we be in the middle of a ( more ) ( continued ) 8 continued : : 8 kai ( cont would ) war what the hell be you do in there ? po ( blow it off ) I decide to stop in for a few drink , live up the party . whatever . I 'ma big boy now ... kat ( directly ) you do not belong here -- or anywhere like here -- ever. ( shake he ) that fuck will bury you first chance they get ... sharply slap he comrade 's hand away and shove he ack ... po you work for I , Kai ... kai for you father ... po one and the same . you do not give order -- you take they . kai get you mind right , po . as long as there 's a war go on you be my responsibility . wider angle as po throw he cane into the backseat of he black - on - black austin-martin . climb in and abruptly gun past a arrive car to vanish into the night . the arrive driver get out to watch the other disperse . this be we first glimpse of colin o'day ( black , early 20 be ) . a late young man wonder what it be he 's just miss ... slow dissolve to : ext . residential neighborhood - oakland - dawn 9 where a African - american paperboy bike down a placid street , - half - asleep as he deliver the morning edition . we watch he nail a run of doorstep with uncanny accuracy . then something make he hammer the brake . we follow he eye upward as the little face flash with horror ... ( continued ) 10 11 x continued : 9 the dead body of po sung hang lynched from a streetlight . the corpse have take a ghastly beat , face distort almost past the point of recognition . off the paperboy 's hair - raising scream we ... hard CUT to : int . ch'u sung be mansion - study - morning 10 where syndicate overlord ch'u sung ( 60's ) channel - surf the morning show while chain -smoke he beloved marlboro reds . he look to be a jocular man , outwardly sweeten by he advanced age and success , occasionally laughing at the t.v... his even older maid finally drag away the lavish breakfast tray he 's ignore ... maid ( scolding in chinese ) that filthy thing be no kind of breakfast . not good for you . you must eat something . ch'u ( perfect English ) life 's not good for you , you old hen . it have a horrible prognosis and always end in death . she leave in a pout , a throaty chuckle escape he lip . within second door bang OPEN in the house ... maid ( call out ) int . ch'u sung be mansion - morning tll we get our first good look at he palatial estate as ch 'u hurry into the hall ... if you be expect dragon statue , gild and red carpet you be out of luck -- this be not no szechwan take - out joint . everything be decidedly Californian , make the point that sung be glad to have come to America and share in she rich ... long shot - the foyer where Kai enter , member of he cadre pour in around lesbul gg {continufd ) 12 13 continued : '' ay we don't hear the word he whisper in the old man 's ear . but something seem to die ete ch 'u then , face wither with unthinkable anger . tighter - ch 'u slowly turn away . he stare out the window oe unsee eye . the ee of he swim pool rippling gently in the breeze . the camera slowly track into the pool until it fill the screen and then we match CUT to ... ext . isaak oxday' house - morning 12 - another swim pool , perfectly mirrore the first . as we begin to track back out a lone golf ball splashes the surface . a beat . a second ball follow ... favoring - isaak o'day ( late 30 be ) as he shanks yet a third shot froma chipping green . the self - make crime lord heave he five- iron into the landscape and cinch the sash of he armani pajamas ... isaak fuck Tiger . I hate this game . then we hear a phone ringing inside the house ... int . isaak oxday' house - kitchen 13 where the phone wait on the counter . isaak put it to he ear , idly open the refrigerator door ... isaak ( talk into phone ) what do you have to tell I ? he slip a half - gallon of milk from the ice box , dribble some onto he chest as he take a hit straight out the carton . t 's a small thing , but very revealing -- the street manners of the man abruptly peak through to the surface ... isaak ( cont would ) ( suddenly attentive ) sung 's boy ? be that so ? who do it ? ( half beat ) damned straight you better put it together . ( continued ) ag 14 15 16 continued : 13 isaak click off , face now cloud with concern . after a beat ... isaak this might mess thing up . ext . hong kong - aerial shot - establishing i4 as we glide over the teeming metropolis .. her bright face of glass and steel confidently poise on the brink of the New millennium ... ext . hsing - kang prison - day 15 a ancient stockade in the bowel of the city . this place be so fierce it make quentin seem like musso & Frank 's . we follow a police van as it pass through the gate . several armed guard watch from above as manacled new prisoner be direct inside ... int . hsing - kang prison - mess hall - day later 16 where silent inmate pass along the meal line . a dollop of rancid stew be they only reward . the head Guard kick one man 's tray loose and force he to the ground . savagely cane he . head guard ( mandarin ) no talking ... prisoner han sung watch this from the eat bench . we be immediately strike by he dignify carriage , unbow by captivity . face as self - ~ possess and patient as the young mcqueen . one of the new prisoner approach he . new prisoner ( mandarin ) you be han sung ? han give he a pierce once - over before nodd . the New prisoner take a seat beside he . new prisoner ( cont would ) ( mandarin ) I have word of you family . the bad news be relay quietly . han 's devastation be that of ch 'u square . he try to speak , but find he throat mute ... ( continued ) 17 i8 19 10 . continued : 16 whaack ! the rattan cane bite into han 's cheek without warning . the head Guard now smirk over he ... head guard ( mandarin ) stay quiet , Officer sung . you stupid word ruin a golden silence . han match he glare . thinks . then hammer he tray of steaming crap into the bastard 's face . cheekbone crack , nose explode . the cane be snatch up and whiplashed in a blur across the man 's head and chest ... a rush of guard descend . he take a few out before they dog - pile he ass to the ground ... int . hsing - kang prison - corridor - day a where han -~- apparently unconscious -- be dragge down a concrete tunnel by four guard in riot gear . his eye flicker just as we enter ... int . hsing - kang prison - beat room 18 no Amnesty International sticker here -- this be the place where prisoner go to die . the riot squad drag han in , shellack he with baton to the gut ... two guard prop he up as a long - chain shackle be clamp to he leave ankle . the other cuff be to be throw over the ceiling beam to hoist he for a good , long beat ... evidently han have other plan . his leg rocket from the six to twelve position to k.o. the man close . he jerk the chain free from number two then . whip it back out , coiling it around the guy 's neck ... two step , three kick and a pair of bust face shield later number Three and four meet a similar demise . then han start digging for key ... int . hsing - kang prison - outside the beat room 19 where a guard stand post before the door . a knock from inside the beat room . the sentry turn and open the in i 7 ( continued ) 19 20 a 22 23 24 il . continued : 19 han' hand rocket it and grab the m by the throat . he force the guard to unlock he , then yank the guy 's head into the iron door knocking he unconscious . han step out dress like a quard . take the fall man' key and speed off ... int . hsing - kang prison - another corridor 20 where han search frantically for a way out . finally he come upon ... int . hsing - kang prison - cash room 2l where a flea - bitten janitor wait there for the teller to cash he puny payroll check . han pass through , that £f . a. sh. do 's ash leer back from the cage . janitor catch han stare . they share a look . smile . the alarm klaxon erupt suddenly . the teller grab the * house phone to receive order . take a baton and thunder out for the main prison . a second share look . han 's hand dart out to halt the cage door inch from close . two more smile . han pass a obese stack of currency through to the man -- then take one for himself and make for the exit ... the janitor think . scoops up he paycheck as well . ext . hsing - kang prison - MAIN entrance - day 22 where the gate be close and locked . more guard arrive and race inside ... int . hsing - kang prison - various corridor - day 23 where we see guard double - time through , weapon in hand . int . hsing - kang prison - another corridor - day 24 where han be still look for a way out . a locked gate re sa he 2 he corri . with alarm sounding and light flashing han run over . he try one of the key -- no luck . same go for a second . m ifu th a tu : it . han step through into ... 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 al ) , int . hsing - kang prison - elevator shaft - day 25 where he discover a ladder lead upward and begin to climb ... ext . hsing - kang prison - rooftop - late afternoon 26 where two crews run out to a pair of helicopter prepare to lift off . int . hsing - kang prison - elevator shaft - late afternoon 27 where han climb higher still up the shaft ... int . hsing - kang prison - another corridor - late afternoon 28 where a pack of guard find the unlock gate . they pass through to the base of the elevator shaft ... ext . hsing - kang prison - rooftop - late afternoon 29 where the hatch open and han find the two helicopter . the first take to the AIR . han run to the second and jump onto the skid as it lift off as well ... the guard swarm out of the hatch second behind as han be fly to freedom . ext . hsing - kang prison - harbor dock - dusk where two patrol boat be be launch . ext . helicopter - dusk 390 31 where the chopper carry han out over the Harbor . he look down ... then abruptly let go to drop into the water . the helicopter wing around and circle over the splash point -- but there 's no sign of he . ext . harbor - signal buoy - dusk where the patrol boat race by . as they pass we see 32 han surface and climb into the small compartment center the buoy . as he close the door we catch sight of a airplane pass overhead ... dissolve to : 33 34 35 13 . ext . barbershop - oakland - morning 33 a old - school nsighborhood fixture . some fifty year of do good business with no sign of let up . we watch the stripe barber 's pole spiraling proudly over the entrance . three black barber share gossip and shoot the breeze with black customer inside . a flotilla of chopped nissan saunter the boulevard towards they . tinted window obscure the occupant and eastern -flavored trip - hop whisper seductively from inside . int . barbershop - morning 34 where one of the barber look up to find the gayntlet of car now fan across the street , face the shop . barber what in Hell ... a_torrent of machine gun FIRE broadside the roon . the mobile hit-squad begins lacerating the man and the building without mercy . a molotov be light and throw inside . quickly sweeping the shop up in flame ... int . oakland airport - day 35 where we follow isaak and mac -- a ambitious young lieutenant climb the o'day corporate ladder -- across the terminal . several black associate of isaak 's on they heel . the entourage pass cleanly through the metal detector -- except for Mac . tense moment here as we wonder what he 's pack . then two pager and a cellphone later he 's allow in . one of the gate where ch 'u and Kai await with several other chinese overlord . decent family on vacation clutter the background as isaak arrive . isaak Nice touch with the metal detector . keeps everybody honest . ( continued ) 35 36 14 . continued : 35 ch'u trust be increasingly hard to come by this day . isaak bristle at the inference . they respective bodyguard settle into a heavyweight stare down . ch'u if you be look for a line to eross , you find it . isaak I have absolutely nothing to do with it . tighter two shot - ch'u and isaak frame by plane touching down outside on the tarmac ... isaak stuff like this be senseless for everyone -- it do not pay . if it be someone on my side , I would flay he ass and have it messenger over . I have get kid myself , you know , ch 'u ( cold , hard ) my son be dead -- that 's what I know . isaak you have my condolence , of course ... ch'u of course ... isaak ... but I be do tell you it be not I . believe it or do not , that 's you business . ch'u we all believe what we want to believe , do not we isaak ? Truth rarely enter into the equation . int . oakland airport - MAIN terminal - day 36 as ch 'u and he enforcer make for the exit . other tong muscle steadily drop into line behind they from the crowd . trust be increasingly hard to come by ... 37 38 as ) G int . oakland airport - another floor - day 37 as other black bad - asse step to isaak and Mac in exactly the same fashion . despite the many differerce , they appear kindre soul , the oakland gangster and he asian counterpart ... mac I have already call maurice and tell he to shadow trish . do not want to take any chance . 5 isaak ( approvingly ) brain like that will keep you high atop the payroll . you know how he people be , even if she be a civilian ... mac oh , yeah . that motherfucker make everything personal -- whether they right or not . int . " serpentine FIRE " - morning 38 where we find the sparkling trish o'day ( 20' ) . clothing from the ' 70' , stack of old - school wax , she shop retail the whole retro trip . it 's a hot -spot for neighborhood kid -- Black , White , chinese , whatever . a cultural dmz . a group of they peer inside the display case like cat at a cage bird . trish lori ... will you please give this little monster they funk fix ? new angle as co-worker lori ( 20 ) come out to the case . she unsleeve the meter ' rare and exceedingly funky rejuvenation . " people say " leap on the platter . the smile kid start groove with childlike innocence . lori and trish bust up at the familiar sight . trish watch the store , huh ? I have some errand to run . lori no worry . ( continued ) 38 39 40 16 . continued : 38 trish take she purse and try to make she way out , but a few of the older kid take she hand and drag she into the dance ... ext . " serpentine FIRE " - morning 39 where trish stride out to find maurice ( 20' ) and a driver wait outside . Mo be one of isaak 's lower - level street thug -- a wanna - be head straight for never - be . maurice ( check the sign ) serpentine Fire . smooth , huh ? Kool and the gang jam from back in the day ... trish Earth , wind and Fire . maurice right , right ... he toss down a shaky Philip Bailey spin move . maurice ( cont would ) ... the serious shit . trish ( £latly ) what be you doin’ here ? maurice thing be heatin ' up . Mac send I to escort you around . trish ( roll she eye ) thanks , but no thanks . tell he I will be just fine . maurice blood be blood . you dad will not want to hear that , and it will be my ass if he do . ( motion ) you choice , girl -- backseat , or the trunk . you do - good do not mean shit to I . : trish know he mean it . reluctantly climb in the car . int . oakland airport - morning 40 where han exchange chinese currency for U.S. dollar , a travel bag sling over he shoulder . 41 42 43 44 a7 ext . oakland airport - morning 41 where a telephoto shot frame a flurry of passengers hustling out to ground transportation . the face of han melt suddenly from the crowd , a matrix - style slow -motion figure center in a endless swarm . a beat . he move out of frame . int . hardware store - front counter - morning 42 where han pay the cashier and load various purchase into he travel bag . int . record store - morning 43 where trish be absently thumbing through a pile of old record . distract by ... her Pov - maurice head bouncing as he wait for she by sampling a CD at the New release rack . ext . public parking lot - morning 44 where han follow a empty taxi pull in . he approach the pakistani cab driver and hold out ... a crumpled letter hi ar a . he point out the handwritten american address ... han can you take I here ? it 's my brother 's place . cab driver what 's the story , pal ? can not read - a-da -english ? he point to the dome light atop he hack . cab driver ( cont would ) two word -- off duty . and with that the cabbie get out and head for a store ... 45 46 47 48 49 50 18 . int . cab / ext . public parking lot - morning 45 as han slide behind the wheel . check the visor for the key first . no luck . shrug acceptantly . int . record store ~ morning 46 where maurice groove deeper into the music . trish use the opportunity to slip out unseen ... int . cab / ext . public parking lot - morning 47 out come a_ screwdriver . he stab it into the ignition and pry . the engine roll over . a satisfied smile . he 's just pull out when trish leap into the backseat ... trish just drive . Long beat . han point to the ceiling to parrot the driver ... han two word -- off duty . trish ( shove a fifty through the slot ) so now you be on duty . int . record store - morning 48 where maurice finally take a look around and realize trish be go . he dart for the door in a panic -- headphone jerking he back . int . cab / ext . public parking lot - morning 49 where maurice can now be see move into the parking lot to search for she . trish quickly duck down . trish ( earnestly ) will you please just get I out of here ? another acceptant shrug . we hard CUT to -- int . car / ext . street - day 50 '' han barreling down the wrong side of the street . after a frantic game of chicken with on -come car he get it and drop into the right -hand lane . different country , different custom . ( continued ) 50 1g . continued : 50 trish peel herself off the rear windshield . trish where exactly you from .. ( read license ) . - ahkbar ? han Hong Kong . trish you wanna start the meter ? he study the complex contraption mount on the dash . blindly push a button . ooops . a roll ecei : spill onto the floor until he can finally stop it . han forget . it 's break . she study he in the rearview for a moment . trish you steal a lot of cab in Hong Kong ? han only when I can not find a bicycle . do you want I to pull over ? trish ( gauge he , shake she head ) that 's alright . ( after a beat ) so be it true what they say oes Hong Kong ? han what 's that ? trish that everyone there know kung fu ? han ( amused ) of course . State law . trish even the woman ? han especially the woman . trish check to see if he 's put she on . laugh warmly when she catch sight of he smile . sl 52 53 54 ext . CITY street - entering downtown - morning 20 . where the camera follows the cab crossing over a bridge into downtown . int . car / ext . street ~ morning trish can you break a board with you head ? han sure . trish a cinder block ? ban uh huh . trish how ' beut a horse ? han easily . trish I would have to see that , ahkbar . you must be a very dangerous man . ( look out the window ) this be good . you can drop I off at the corner . ext . downtown STREET - morning as han shakily maneuver the taxi to the curb . int , car / ext . street - morning trish thanks . han push she fifty back through the slot ... han meter break . remember ? trish keep it . I will not tell the cop . han I do not want you money . 52 53 54 ( continued ) 34 55 pl , continued : 54 trish ( take the bill ) you seem like a nice guy . you should find a new profession -- steal car do not fit you . han oturn now ) what be you name ? trish you think I want you call I ? han I do not have a phone . trish ( killer smile ) there 's a dead giveaway ... he watch she swing onto the sidewalk . ext . private golf course - oakland - day 55 where isaak and real-estate magnate ivan roth ( 40' ) walk the back nine . a cart follow carry Mac and roth 's white attorney . roth life wrap in teflon , a Big money Boy hover perpetually above the law . would have hijacked a few s&l 's back in the 80' if only he would be old enough . roth how 's the acquisition of my new property come ? isaak slowly . some people just hate parting with they land . they have need some ... convincing . they stop at the next hole . isaak plant he tee first . roth I make the presentation tomorrow . it 's non-negotiable . isaak yeah , well , I have have a lot of free - thinker to deal with . isaak take a Mo Vaughn -size cut -- try to overpower the ball with muscle alone . a huge divot be torn free and the ball slice into the rough ... ( continued ) 55 56 22 . continued : 55 roth ( warmly ) isaak , my new friend . you be murdering yourself . golf isa game of finesse -- not power . in that sense , it 's much like the rest of life . roth comfortably slip into he stance ... roth ( cont would ) the key be help the body work together demonstrate ) forearm straight , wrist lock , hand firmly on the grip . ( pull into backsw ) that way the club be allow to do ea work . eye never leave the all ... roth perfectly drive he bali down the fairway . admire it as it drop nicely on the green . isaak ( mutter ) this graphite shaft do not do it for I . roth save the excuse . some heavy investor be lean on I , big man that will not tolerate a wait . ( deep freeze ) it 's a simple equation -- no land , no ... Dave , what 's the popular term this day ? attorney ( brightly ) cheddar . we notice Mac shoot this crazy white boy a look ... roth that 's right . no cheddar . ami make myself clear ? ( off isaak 's nod ) I know you would understand . ext . '' serpentine FIRE " - day 56 where trish return from shopping , a bundle of bag and package in she hand . she pass a silently steaming maurice and Driver on the way in . a7 58 235 int . " serpentine FIRE " - day 57 where trish enter to find a uncomfortable look on lori 's face ... lori Colin 's in the back . a disappointed beat . trish move for the storeroom , parting the set of tie -dy curtain to discover Colin mid-conversation on the office phone . he 's trish 's little brother , isaak 's son . the same guy we see earlier at the casino . colin you know that chinese cat get whacked ? intercut with - ext . private golf course - clubhouse 58 isaak you mean po sung ? colin po something ' or other . anyway , that 's what I wanna tell you ... ( lower now ) I get a call from he that night . no bullshit -- same night he get kill . isaak Jesus , boy -- what do he want ? colin that 's what I can not figure , dad . never get a chance to meet he ... isaak Mac better hear this . see if we can figure out what it 's all about ... Colin look up to find trish . abruptly ... colin gotta go , dad . call I back at my place . he hang up . Big sister 's face be not happy . trish I ask you not to do you business here . ( continued ) 58 59 60 24 . continued : 58 colin forget . I be in a hurry trish ( concerned ) I worry about you , Colin . do not ee see you involved in that life . colin ( shrug ) he 's we father . you can not spend the rest of you life just pretend he be not . trish he 's also a gangster . drug , strong - arm stuff ... ( then , softer ) the same kid that come to my store get lose because of guy like he , waste themselves before they really even grow up ... ( a beat ) why do you think I even open this place ? I want they to see a different way than that . a better way . Colin take up he jacket and stand across from she . colin what if he get murder ' cause I know something and do not tell ? huh ? or throw back in ? ( determine ) right or wrong it 's all about family . qur family . she watch as the curtain close behind he . ext . pox build ~ day 59 where han drive up . check the address against po 's crumpled letter . int . pox build - hallway - day 60 where han find he brother 's place . he take out a_hand - i i ill and slot the lock ... 61 25 . int . pox apartment - atmospheric - day 61 where han at last enter he lose brother 's world . he drift in with the reverence of a churchgoer , drink in the silent statement of po 's home and belonging . desk drawer han expertly search they , find little more than old letter and checkbook stub , the meaningless remnant of we too brief life . inside the closet where he work through po 's extensive wardrobe . digging through jacket pocket , then slack , shaking out pair after pair of expensive shoe . a tatter basketball find he from the very top shelf . a emotional moment as he ease it down -- po must have keep it here as a reminder of that define day on the ocean , and the strength of will it take they to survive . in the bathroom where han rifle the medicine cabinet . systematically dump prescription bottle into the sink , then root through the rainbow of pill look for something , anything that can help hin . no luck . he go to work on the shave kit . framed photograph ride along the live room wall . various image cover the spectrum of the dead man 's experience -- hang out with hotty at fisherman 's wharf , lean against a car with a hot blonde tuck under each arm ... qne picture in particular monopolize han 's attention . it show han and po hugging tightly from the brink of adulthood -- han wear he police cadet uniform , po a stylish jacket for Hong Kong of the time . the sadness of he loss cut deep here . han set the picture down , face a quiltwork of difficult emotion . then he policeman 's eye cheat to ... the phone a fancy caller i.d. unit . he zeroe in on the " redial " button . pushes it . a number appear across the large digital display . as he lift the receiver to he ear ... ( continued ) 61 62 26 . continued : 61 lori ( v.a. ) good evening . serpentine Fire . we hold on he reaction as he hang up . int . expensive restaurant - evening 62 where trish be stare into she lonely dinner , maurice and partner watch she from the front entrance . the door open and close . she look up to finda smile Mac beside she ... mac what 's good here ? trish ( not interested ) try the parking lot . he let it slide off , pull out a chair to sit down . mac I be do my job , girl . just like Mo ... {off she reaction ) yeah , he tell I about the shit you pull yesterday . plain stupid be what it be . thing be real tense since that chinese dude get pop . trish be that one of you job too ? mac that 's not my style . trish do not tell I -- I have get you all wrong . mac you do not have a clue what I be about . for starter , you have get to get past the facade . trish 7 you have get some serious facade go on . mac so do you , so do everybody . this icy-heart b-girl shit be not you . not the real you . save yourself for some tv dream dude be just a waste of good woman ... { continued ) 62 continued : eae 62 trish be that what you think I be do ? ; mac I think it 's time to consider the eee you have already meet he . trish ( point-blank ) you be a errand boy for my father , Mac . nothing more , nothing less . mac Fair enough . but time come when aman have to strike out on he own , hear what I be say ? stake he own claim . trish you have sell I , Mac , I just realize I be hopelessly in love with you ... mac ( bristle ) trash - talk I all you like . sooner or later this man here be gonna be too much for you . you will start get all misty eye , wishing there be two of I . she push she plate across the table . trish do not bother with the menu -- you can have mine . suddenly I have lose my appetite . Mac grab she arm as she get up ... mac no more run wild . you gonna do like isaak want and let we protect you . wider angle as the door close behind trish . Mac wander to the front to watch she through the window . maurice ( snicker ) you be really murder on a first date . ( continued ) 62 63 64 65 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 62 Mac rear and backhand he without warning . mac I want Eddie Murphy , I will go to the goddamn movie . maurice 's fearful nod say he get it , but good ... ext . " serpentine FIRE " - later - evening 63 where a telephoto shot find trish lock up . she head - check the street and start off . we quickly rack focus to find ... a hire taxi peeking out of a alley across the street . han watch from inside . face slack with amazement at the owner 's identity . driver same thing ? han yeah . keep follow . a beat . they ease on down the block ... ext . trish's apartment build - back stairway - evening 64 where trish climb up to she apartment load down with grocery . int . trish's apartment - evening 65 where trish enter to set the bag on the eee she turn to lock up and find to th it give she a helluva scare but somehow she contain it shy of cry out . trish hello , ahkbar . you be the only guy I know work he way down the criminal ladder . first Grand theft Auto , now trespasp . he cross to lay a piece of paper before she ... han this be the last number my brother call before he die . ( she read it ) it 's the number for you shop . ( continued ) 65 29 . continued : 65 trish yeah , so ? I do not even know who you brother be . han his name be po sung . trish I have absolutely no idea what you be talk about . why would he want to talk to I ? han 's unwaver gaze scour she face , debate the truthfulness of this . han he call . trish ( shrug ) I have a girl who work the register . maybe it be she . once in a while my little ... then the name start to register from she earlier talk with Colin . as the possibility hit she ... trish ( cont would ) ... brother . han brother ? trish Colin . he make call from there sometimes . mostly when I be not around . han we should talk to he . have he fill in the blank . then the hypnotic grind of hip - hop interrupt they as a car pull in ... at the window where trish flag the curtain to see maurice and other crew bound out for the stairwell ... trish shit , it 's maurice . he find you up here and ... ( continued ) 66 67 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 han no problem . by the way ... ( as they stand close together ) my name be han . they connect for a instant as we hard CUT to -- ext . trish's apartment - back stairway - evening 66 where maurice and he boy reach the apartment to find ... han back down the stair do he best " chinese Delivery Boy " -- shirt buttone all the way up , bow repeatedly and wave he two dollar '' tip " . han ( exaggerated accent ) dim sum good . call again . dim sum all time ... maurice ( block he way ) whoa , whoa , whoa . why you bother Ms. o'day ? huh ? trish he 's the delivery boy , genius . han dim sum good . another bow and han escape down the stair ... int . trish's apartment - evening _. 67 as Mo and he dog shuffle in and look around ... maurice we keep ringin ' and ringin ' , do not get no answer . start my wheel spin , get I to worry ... trish well here I be . crew # 1 say , mo. you smell something ' funny ? maurice Nah , dawg . ( continued ) 67 68 69 31 . continued : 67 crew # 1 I neither . ( half beat ) so where 's the fuckin' take - out ? ext . trish's apartment build - back stairway - evening 68 where maurice and Co. rush onto the flight above han ... maurice hey , dim sum -- you a real funny man . two other below move to cut off the stairwell . han ( give he a out ) let it go . maurice isaak o' Day do not let thing go . he do not like the wrong element around he daughter . my business be to insure they be not . han ease into fight stance as they close the gap . a low whistle from maurice . then he proudly show - off he own variety of half - assed karate move ... maurice you be not the only one know some shit . half beat . han drill he with a straight right . maurice 's two front tooth pop out like a pair of chicklet . now it 's a sit eight - count for he as dog from above and below rush in with bat . a thirty second clinic in having you butt kicked follows ( rer_current choreography ) . then han make down the stair ... ext . trish's apartment build - alleyway - evening 69 where han enter a narrow corridor of chain -link between building . a fancy suv suddenly squeal up and two more dog hop the fence to get at the chinese . another fight neue ( per current choreography ) where han use the assemble attacker 's own belt and clothing to defeat they . ultimately , maurice be leave hang by he jacket from the chain - link fence . 70 71 32 . int . fancy suv / ext . alleyway - evening 70 as han shut the door and take the wheel ... han great country . free car . he stick he head out to make eye-contact with trish watching from she apartment window above . totally take with the display she 's just see . en_h ff be i e street a -- saneaig the unfortunate side mircore of anyone acain on he leave side .. int . ch'u sung be mansion - terrace - day 71 where ch 'u be surround by the other five tong overlord . heavy , heavy mojo here . ancient politics run century deep ... overlord # 1 the honorable lao- tzu be lose to assassination less than a month ago . a grocer 's shop be firebombed , he wife kill ... overlord # 2 with all respect , ch 'u , more must be do about the black . they have no honor . any of we could be kill at any time , overlord or mot ... a strong murmur of agreement . ch'u none of this be news to I the day I bury my own son . his quiet gravity hush the room ... ch'u ( cont would ) who among you hurt as much as I ? but we must have the patience to wait until the mud settles and the water be clear . overlord # 2 but any of the overlords could be wipe out , drive the family apart .. ch'u such thing be protect against by the we newly -sign alliance . after dear lao-tzu 's pass , he ( more ) ( continued ) 71 72 73 74 33 ) continued : dae ch'u ( cont would ) territory be divide and share equally among we , be it not ? ( nod and grunt acknowledge this ) this be the case should any of we meet with misfortune . by treaty , we territory stay within the collective . ( sharply ) we be not the black , Victor . we loyalty to each other be unquestion . overlord # 3 at least let we strike harder . show we true strength . ch'u ( flatly ) no . we will only do that when it serve we best . ext . chinese garden - viewing room - day 72 where the view of po 's body be take place . everything be do very traditionally -- ancient funeral dirge , paper money be burn to calm wrathful spirit ... throng of chinese pass by the open coffin . ch 'u and Kai watch they from a mourn platform on high . ext . chinese garden - MAIN ground - day 73 where han appear on a distant bridqe above the glassy water of the pond . ext . chinese garden - viewing room - day 74 where the view continue . then it 's han 's turn to step through the shroud of incense to reach the corpse . he stare long and hard at the waxy certainty of he brother 's death . he take the tatter basketball and tuck it into the coffin . a tell final farewell . then han look up sharply to lock eye with ch 'u . his father 's brow briefly furrow with surprise , but neither face betray what either man feel inside ... int . ch'u sung be mansion - study - day ao where han enter to stand opposite he father . they eye brim with the many hard year that have pass since last see each other . ( continued ) 76 34 . continued : 75 ch'u han sung ... han ( quietly ) Father . they share a awkward embrace . the distance between they great , the bond between they eternal , for better or worse . int . ch'u sung be mansion - study - later 76 where han and he father be now lock in conversation ... ch 'u ( mandarin ) stop punish I for you choice . you wear this damme sanctity like a badge ... han ( mandarin ) I have never regret what I do for po. ch 'u ( mandarin ) nor should you . you be a policeman who allow he brother to escape a State death in Hong Kong . the family find great honor there , even though you be never proud of this ... han ( mandarin ) not proud , no . ch'u ( mandarin , shrug ) there be God 's Law and man 's law . you have always well understand the difference between they . han ( mandarin ) 5 which law tell you to abandon you son on the mainland ? to flee alone at night , force they to find they own way to Hong Kong ... ch'u ( break into english ) thad no choice . the Communists would have kill I ... ( continued ) 35 . 76 continued : 16 he realize that han have get to he . pause to regain he composure ... ch'u ( mandarin ) I do not expect you have come to make you claim as successor . han ( mandarin ) no father , I want po 's killer . ch'u ( mandarin ) you have honore he properly , and that be enough . Kai will take care of it now , he be the family enforcer . han ( mandarin ) we shall see . the cold man call out to halt han 's exit . his face worried and sallow ... ch'u han . I do not want to lose another son . ( slow beat ) this be not China . here justice wear a different face . ia ext . kai be rooftop - day wi where Kai be practice a kata -- run through a pattern of prescribe movement against imagine attacker . his sunglass flaring brightly in the afternoon sun . han watch this from a distance . Kai finish he routine and join he ... kai the old man do not think you would make it , han sung . han and you ? kal I know you would . despite the hard exterior , Kai can see han struggle deeply with the weight of what 's transpire ... ( continued ) 77 36 . continued : 77 han tell I . kal he have a row in a black club . I bail he out , but threat have already be make . ( anger building ) they get po that same evening before I could find he again ... han why there ? kali would not tell I . but that make no difference now ... han this black . why war with they ? there Pov - waterfront district where a panoramic view of the waterfront roll out behind they . a thick blanket of home and building run the flatland to the Bay . kai ( cont would ) it 's only two square mile , the waterfront . ( motion ) they control west of the line -- everything east be ours . by muscle chinese they hope to take what belong to we . han ( sotto ) only so many rat in a cage before they start tear each other apart . new angle as Kai remove he sunglass and move into a stance opposite han . han grin at the invitation and quickly enjoin he in a friendly exchange ... we follow they across the roof -- thrust ... thrust ... block ... strike ... parry ... Kai suddenly foot -sweep and follow han down , poise for the kill shot . for the first and only time now we see Kai smile as he help he opponent up ... ( continued ) af 78 a7 continued : ( 2 ) 7 kai I be afraid hsing - kang would make you soft . han smile too , open he hand to reveal ... kay' sunglass resting in the palm . he casually hand they back . han people do not get soft in prison . ext . CITY park - day 78 where a football game be take place . Mac , maurice and a bunch of the crew have it out five -on-four ... trish sit across the grass eat lunch with several neighborhood kide . a ice cream truck arrive at the park and she lead a few of they over ... at the truck where trish now try to balance a half - dozen cone for the kid . han have materialize beside she in line as she turn ... han that 's quite a appetite . trish Nice to see you again , too . she look out to the football game , distract ... trish ( cont would ) I think maybe you be in the wrong part of town . han may-be . but I want to hear what you brother say . trish have not get a hold of he yet . view of - mac drop back in the pocket to pass . his eye chance across trish talk with the chinese . the game go on pause as he make for they ... ( continued ) 78 38 . continued : 78 trish ( reacting ) this be not good . the guy come over be on a real short fuse . he work for my father . han what 's he name ? trish mac. wider angle as isaak 's right -hand man reach they . he play it cool , the smile killer , case han with a friendly glance ... mac ( nodd ) say , trish . who this ? the crew watch the exchange go down . we're shoot from behind maurice so he face can't be see ... crew # 2 say , be not that the guy ... crew # 1 Hell , yes it be . same one take Mo 's whip after he beat we ... maurice who you talk about ? maurice turn into camera . he 's a walk billboard for bad dentistry now -- wear poorly - fitting cap where han knock he tooth out . maurice ( cont would ) that he , alright . back at the truck trish we just meet in line . I do not even know he name ... han my friend call I " ahkbar '' . mac that right , ahkbar ? well check this . we play football and we ( more ) ( continued ) 78 39 . continued : ( 2 ) 78 mac ( cont would ) aman short . think you can help we out ? han I do not know the game . mac ( stick the ball in han 's chest ) Hell , it 's easier than breathe . I will show you . Mac shoot trish a look of extreme displeasure as he lead han onto the grass ... on the field where the crew be quietly freaking ... crew # 2 should we tell Mac ? maurice and what ? have he kick we ass toc for fuck up ? Nah ... just follow he lead . Mac motion he boy to take they position ... mac fellas , get myself a fresh recruit . he 's new to the game -- so take it easy on he . ( to han ) just stand behind I , I will give you the ball and you run for the far end of the field . han that 's all ? mac that 's all . the. ball be snapped.and hand - off to han . his blocker quit at the line of scrimmage -- allow the defense to savagely dog - pile he into the turf . han get up and try to shake it off . rejoins he team . mac good job . now you play football . ( a beat ) go long this time . I will pass it to you . ( continued ) 78 40 . continued : ( 3 ) 78 second down . han get hamstrung cut downfield ... somehow rights himself ... then take a monster ronnie lott -style hit from two defender as he go up for the pass ... smaacck ! they dump he head - first into the tur€ . back in the huddle han ( stumbling back ) how come nobody else get hit ? mac ( smile ) " Cause you the one with the ball , brother . third down . han take the pill and bolt straight at maurice . the thug be about to lower the boom when han dd hh he the ball . a stunne beat as he catch it . then han come fly in with a bone - crushing tackle . regains the ball ... maurice ( in the aftermath ) I think he break my arm . down the field as the chinese go for it -- creaming one would - be tackler after another . we briefly find trish smile she ass off on the sideline ... han reach the goal line . stop and turn . this halt the crippled straggler give chase dead in they track . they back up . han enjoy this , smile . then step across the goal line . ban good game , this football . he succinctly spike the ball . a beat . the awed defender watch as it loudly deflate . passing trish as han walk off the field ... ( continued ) 78 41 . continued : ( 4 ) 78 han ( not ask , tell ) it 's time to get some answer from you brother . close on - mac also watch he go . to say he 's seethe be to put it politely ... int . colin' apartment - night 79 where Colin and he girlfriend be make a nice dinner . the scene here be surprisingly domestic -- krup coffee maker , sushi machine , the work ... his girl wear a bathrobe , Colin ranting around the room in just sweatpant ... colin it 's like they do not think I can handle my own business ... girlfriend ( on auto-pilot , hear it all before ) um hum . colin my father 's get to realize I be cut from the same cloth . he 's gotta start respect my manhood ... girlfriend um hum . colin like that call I get . I try and do the right thing , help hin out ... Hell , I never even hear back ... the door buzy . she wipe she hand on a towel ... girlfriend _ I will get it . you watch this stuff . colin ( call after she ) when be it gonna be my turn to get busy , that 's what I want to know ? when do I run the show ? girlfriend do not worry , baby -- you turn 's come . ( continued ) 79 80 81 82 83 42 . continued : 79 at the front door where the girlfriend smyy as she peer through the security viewhole . pull the door open wide .. girlfriend ( warmly ) ai not this be somethin' . what you doin ' all the way down here ? hard CUT to : ext . colin' apartment high - rise - night 80 where we be look up fifteen storey of mirrore glass window . Long beat . then ... the girlfriend plod . ° lin 's a 2 : i tr of glass . we watch as she start she sicken drop . half beat . then ... colin come fly out right behind she -- tie to a dining room chair , face wear all the hallmark of a fearsome beat . lady first , I guess . ext . BAY - night - continuous 81 as the couple seem to fall forever before hitting the water and cannonballing into the depth ... the camera now settle on the Bay roiling and froth at the point of impact . and then we match CUT to -- ext . BAY - further out - dawn 82 where Colin 's body be be dredge from the same water . we pull back to see the police diver and winch operator ... then further still to unveil several police boat circle around they . the corpse be ease onto a deck . that boat then gunning for shore follow by a aerial shot ... ext . dock / ext . shoreline - dawn 83 where Colin 's body be ferried ashore , a full - blown crime scene now surround the landing . isaak -- watch the grisly proceedings from the back of a police cruiser . a odd moment where we think he 's be arrest ( continued ) 83 43 . continued : 83 -- tnen he open the door himself , drive there simply as the father of the decease . trish -- stands across the street , enraged , know isaak 's wrong live be somehow responsible for this terrible tragedy . new angle - trish and isaak move together as Colin 's corpse be finally set down to be cover by the paramedics ... - isaak do not say anything to the police , I will handle that . his daughter find herself simply overcome by grief ... trish I never want he mix up in you dealing . I tell he that just as many time as I tell isaak you think I be not die right now ? Inside ? believe I girl -- ian . you two be ali I have ever have in this world . ( fight to reign it in ) but this be a family concern -- I do not need nobody do not go by the name o' Day involved . ( a blend of anger and sorrow ) he 's my boy and I will take care of it my way . trish ( flaring ) you have a hand in this , isaak , you be every bit as responsible . you might as well have throw he out yourself . isaak goddamnit , trish . listen to I ... but she stride off , leave he there to face this demon alone . new angle as Mac squeal up and hurry out to join he boss ... ( continued ) 83 84 44 . continued : ( 2 ) 83 isaak where the fuck you be ? I have be try to track you down for hour ... mac where I always be -- take care cf you acquisition for Ivan roth . we watch isaak falter , unable to maintain the hard exterior now as he 's face with the first true wave of inconsolable regret . isaak c , he have he kill . that wrinkle piece of shit ch 'u sung kill my Colin . mac I know where you head 's at , isaak , and God know you have get cause . but we in shit way too deep now to pull out . ( pump he up ) you gotta keep it stitched up until you business be do . certain motherfucker gonna get knock out the box in due time . isaak let this advice hang there . start a slow nod , realize he how right he lieutenant be . isaak either way , ch 'u just buy himself a one - way ticket to the apocalypse . int . pox apartment - afternoon 84 where han arrive to some bad news . the front door have be break open . look like somebody sledgehammered it , nearly rock it off the hinge . han drift through the wreckage of he brother 's home . E have be ransacke and turn inside - out . look for what , han have no idea . the photograph cli . Frame shattered , surface of the brine seeoly scar : han pick it up and shard of glass spill absently onto the floor . ( continued ) b84 85 45 . continued : 84 he fight to suck it up now , as break as the keepsake itself . Fighting to overcome the emotion that will siphon away he strength . a long moment . then he policeman 's eye notice ... the other photo still hang crooked on the wall . he go to they immediately , take down the one of po with the blonde astride he car . the make and model can not clearly be make out from the picture . that 's what he 's overlook . in the bedroom where han 's of eae ferret through po 's discard slack to find a ring of key . int . pox apartment build - garage - afternoon 85 where han face a line of car fill the garage . but where to start ? he think for a minute -- then deactivate po 's alarm use the button on the key ring . its telltale bleeting singles out he brother 's austin- Martin . the trunk han spring it and search . slamming the trunk lid when he finish ... the interior where he empties the glove compartment and ashtray , flip down the sun visor . during this entire sequence we realize he 's get the hand of any cop -- fast , thorough and completely focus , then he duck he head down to look under the seat ... pox cane lay on the back seat floorboard . have settle there the night po throw it inside . han reach around to retrieve it . rotate the bone handle of he brother 's cane back to reveal the coke stash . his face flash with disappointment -- not the kind of shit he would hope to find . the handle be then rotated back the other way . it release as he take it a notch too far , revealing ... ( continued ) 85 86 46 . continued : 85 a list of address stare back from inside . he fish it out and examine the heavy scrawl . ( sotto ) po 's handwrite . han slowly look they over , no apparent order or meaning to the bunch . int . pox apartment - day 86 where han now return to he brother 's apartment to find trish await he on the couch . her foot stir aimlessly through the splinter carnage ... han ( concerned ) what be it ? what 's happen ? trish ( without lookin up ) once Colin and I do something we think would be really funny . he hide out front while I run to tell Mom he would be hurt , hit by a car or something bad like that . when she come run , Colin be suppose to jump out and surprise she and then we would all have a good laugh . my mother , she always love a good laugh ... ( pause ) I be only eight or nine , Colin young , and I do not even remember how we come up with it . but sure enough , I start yell and she rush outside . ( softly ) and when I tell she , I mean , the look on she face ... she be just erush , totally destroy . she collapse right there in the yard , weep , break ... ( slow beat ) even when Colin show she it be a joke she would not stop . it have shake she too deeply . even as she clutch he there , safe and sound , it be too much . han trish ... ( continued ) 47 . 86 continued : 86 trish I be just a little girl , han . I do not get it yet . I do not get ac . han quickly move to comfort she , kneel at she side . han how do it happen ? trish threw he right out he window . Fifteen storey up ... han ( anger rise ) no lead at all , no witness ... she shake she head . then ... trish I want to help you , han , I need it . I have to put this thing together just as much as you do now ... 87 int . ivan roth's office - oakland - afternoon 87 where roth roam while talk on he headset . his office be as quietly luxurious as they come -- a wall of citizenship Award and a view of the Bay from twenty storey up ... roth ( into headset ) gentlemen -- I just find out the NFL officially approve we bid about a hour ago . ( listen to the wash of approval ) tell the truth , Frank , I do not think any of the other bid be even in contention . we offer prime time waterfront here , second from the Bridge . God himself could not have design a more perfect place for a stadium . ( empty business laugh ) that 's right , Barry , you know I well . if I say there 's caviar on the mountain , you better bring cracker ... the camera slowly drift by he to discover ... ( continued ) 87 88 89 90 48 . continued : 87 a architectural model of a_new footbali stadium sit in the window . the camera force perspective ( dolly in / zoom out ) to magnify the illusion it 's build atop the waterfront below ... helmet and other accoutrement bear the new team ! elegant logo be casually display around it . the silent fruit of Ivan 's detailed and long-runn plan ... int . ch'u sung be mansion - dine room ~- afternoon 88 where ch 'u sit at the head of a marvelous luncheon . Kai enter and speak into he ear ... kat Ivan roth , his smile never waver , ch 'u excuse himself from the table . int . ch'u sung be mansion - study - afternoon : 89 where ch 'u take the call , Kai stand anxiously at he side ... ch'u yes ? intercut with - int . ivan roth's office - afternoon 30 roth you do not want to be downwind of I when my foot be put to the coal , ch 'u . misery love company . ch'u there 's no need for threat or theatrics , Ivan . none of we want to drag this out any longer than it already have . roth so close out you business and get I the remain deed . ch'u I be already wrapping up ... Ivan hang up . ch 'u cradle the phone and share a look with Kai . 91 49 . ext . waterfront district - east side - day 91 the chinese side of the line . the camera pan along a desolate block of real estate -- home abandon , most of the barren shop shutter . han' face Studies this in shadow from across the street , trish at he side . his question eye work it over , play through the chessboard in he mind . several address be mark off po 's list , a few new one jotted down ... trish I do not understand . they be just waterfront address . han whatever they mean , po do not want they find . stashed they good enough that they would not be . a SMALL chinese boy Plays alone on the sidewalk . the kid shade he eye as han come over to offer he a stick of gum . han ( mandarin ) what be you play ? boy ( mandarin ) Army . han ( mandarin ) where be you friend ? they should be play with you . boy ( mandarin ) move away . han ( mandarin ) they can not all be go . boy ( mandarin , absently ) yeah . everyone 's move away . 92 50 . int . car / ext . waterfront street - afternoon 92 as han and trish drive through a bustling chinese neighborhood in contrast to what we have just see . trish find herself gaze out the window . this be a whole new world to she -- a part of the city she 's never experience . trish be Hong Kong like this ? han no. more crowded . trish ( testing the water ) you be a policeman there ? han yes . trish Bet you family love that . han it save they from prison . ( off she look ) we raid a tanker mule drug into the city . evidence tie it to my brother and father . trish you warn they . han ( nodd ) . my father have already go to America -- the danger be really to po. trish ( softer ) what do they give you ? han forty - two year . trish how long have you be out ? han seventy - two hour . trish reflect . try to get she head around the event that have throw they together ... ( continued ) 32 93 94 s51 . continued : 92 trish we be world apart , han . but we life seem to have a lot in common ... han one way for sure -- we have both lose brother . ext . wrecking yard - afternoon 93 where a fade chinese sign confront they as they ease through the gate . . the grounds be a barren landscape of crush automobile , stack up like so much cordwood ... han ( v.o. ) you sure this be right ? trish ( v.o. ) that 's what the list say -- forty -forty drigg . ext . wrecking yard - MAIN garage - afternoon 94 where the couple get out . the yard be conspicuously quiet -- none of the crane work , lift and loader abandon . the office be lock . han consider this . move to the door . take the handle and start it slowly grinding upward ... looking inside pitch black at first , nothing clearly visible . then sunlight flood into the bay to reveal ... six murdered chinese workmen in 2 e@_ ov . each wear a tidy bullet hole through the forehead . trish step back and start to dry-heave . han ( impassively ) you better wait outside . she retreat as han wander deeper inside . they have stumble onto a chop shop -- wall honeycombed with auto part steal for any make from cadillac to Hyundai . 95 96 97 52 . int . wrecking yard - office - afternoon 95 where recently - decease owner victor ho ( overlord # 1 ) sit upright -- the swimsuit calendar behind he spackle with most of he head . we recognize he from the big meeting with ch 'u . han lay a hand on Ho 's throat . the body be stiil warm . look down . a fumble cigar still smoulder on the floor . as it hit he , car engine erupt outside ... ext . wrecking yard - afternoon 96 where han rush out to find the killer escape , face hide . he and trish must have stumble onto they just as they have finish and be ready to leave ... a motorcycle bring up the rear . han leap into the sedan to follow ... han ( to trish ) get out ... trish no. han ( resign ) then get down . ext . street - chinese neighborhood - afternoon 97 as han slalom the pavement , play bump and run with the helmete rider ... the cyclist withdraw a automatic and cut loose with a ribbon of bullet . han shove trish protectively under the dash ... han ..- and stay down . another angle - the chase as han pegs the accelerator and slice into the leave lane to pull even . park door and side mirror be once again sheered off with abandon ... ( continued ) 98 continued : 97 a station wagon float into the intersection ahead . han see it first and jerk the wheel ... but the cyclist be not as lucky , be hurl off the bike as they collide ... wider angle - the STREET the cyclist tuck and roll onto the cement , han fly out to meet they . a beat as they circle . then the helmet come off . the rider be a woman -- a chinese woman . han 7 ( hesitates in surprise ) you be chinese . cyclist no shit . she use the open to roundhouse he . a all - out brawl follows . believe I -- she do not fight like a girl . drilling han' ass all over the street ... : at last they break . she pull she weapon , hungry for the kill - shot , catch han dead - to-right ... click-click . her gun be empty . han ( half beat ) you be also out of bullet . off he hard right we hard CUT to -- int . ch'u sung be mansion - study - evening 98 where ch 'u be go over various document . a sudden commotion outside . the maid' voice rise in a singsong bark as han burst through the door ... han I just come from Victor Ho 's place . ch 'u ( wave the may off ) he seem to have get you a little excited . how be old Victor ? han let 's just say business be dead . he and he crew be kill minute before I get there . ( continued ) 98 continued : 34 . 98 cae ( consider it , then ) o' Day overestimate he power ... han Ho be hit by chinese . ch'u impossible . han ( shake head ) very possible . Long beat as ch 'u garner where he son be go with this ... ch'u yu. all i 2 other family be involved ? han ( shrug ) maybe Kai know something about it ? he 's a family enforcer -- might have hear something . ch 'u no . his loyalty be unrivale . he would have inform I immediately . ( shrewdly , think ) o' Day could have contract to outside chinese , try to provoke exactly this type of dissent . han now you overestimate he power . ch 'u really ? maybe I should be more concerned with he daughter 's . ( let it hang there ) you be a fool if you do not think she 's involved . her charm be distorting you think . ( as he father ) stay away from she , han , please . I can not afford such a risk , not with my only remain son . off han 's reaction we mo 's = 99 100 101 55 . int . cheap waterfront HOTEL - evening 99 where the black owner stand behind the front desk . a grant deed be spread before the gray man , await he signature . owner o' Day say ninety - five . mac and I be say eighty - five . ( short beat ) think of that extra ten grand as my processing fee . you be not the only one pay it . owner ( low , upset ) hate for isaak to find out . Mac look at he with a terrible intensity , from some dark galaxy beyond " do not even think about it " . mac yeah you would , partner . trust I on that . he move astride the desk . close the owner 's hand around a pen ... mac folk wrong , you know . life be not cheap -- it 's very , very expensive . ( pass the deed across ) now sign the fuckin ' paper . game 's on at eight and I do not want to miss it . = end of story . the ballpoint begin its fearful scratching ... ext . anchored barge - evening 100 a ancient garbage scow moor to a vacant pier . we watch as a trick - out mercede arrive . Kai and four bad - asse emerge carry black gym bag and slip inside ... int . chinese crack house - evening 101 where the hull of the ship open onto in 1 i glow like tiny lantern . the american equivalent of a opium de . Kai and he people make for the back , step over lowlife head like so many sack of trash . 102 103 56 . int . chinese crack house - stateroom - evening 102 the brain center of the joint -- lab , security and money counter station together . as kung ( overlord # 2 ) embrace Kai warmly ... kai ( be : the wealth of head ) guess they do not care there 's a war go on . kung Hell , they do not care if the goddamn barge be on fire , ( motion he in ) this be a treat . what bring you downtown ? Kai 's man place they bag on the counter and casually unzip they ... kai you hear about Victor Ho ? kung ( solemnly ) yeah . we be look forward to some big time blow - back . kal that 's why we be here . ( slow beat ) we get a tip this place be go to get hit . kung you gotta be shitting I . when ? then ear the content of the gym bag -- brick of kai right now . Kai kick a silenced round into he chest . his partner take out the other the same way ... they distribute the explosive and start the timer . ext . anchored barge - day 103 as the mercede speed the chinese killer off the pier . a beat . then the building ie FIRE and glass . we watch in horror as a crackhead stumble out onto the deck fully ablaze ... 104 105 107 int . trish's apartment - dawn where trish sleep bath in early morning light . a_giove hand inches into frame . the slumbering girl seem to sense it draw closer ... snapping awake with a start ... isaak ss down ym. ir side . put a reassure hand on he daughter as he pull the sheet up to cover she ... ext . trish's apartment build - dawn where isaak help trish into he town car . hi atch ked_fr di he aliey . he survey this and realize where she 's be take . int . car / ext . isaak oxday' house - morning as isaak 's car pull through the gate . trish stare vacantly out the backseat window . lli : ref. i of the extravagant home cascade over she face . int . isaak oxday' house - study - morning where isaak now sit opposite trish , immerse in a strangely old - fashioned father - daughter ... isaak han have you mind all knotted up , turn around . this be dangerous time . I want you ... I need you to stay away from he . trish I know what I be do . isaak you do not know anything about what 's involved . it 's a much bigger picture than some dead chinese and he brother ... trish po. isaak what ? 105 106 107 ( continued ) 107 108 109 58 . continued : 107 trish his brother 's name be po. ( then , directly ) do you have he kill ? I have to know . isaak ( unwaver ) absolutely not . I have every reason not to do it . Mac enter from the hall . mac you have get a call . ( with emphasis ) it 's important . isaak sorry -- I have to take this . Mac allow himself a long look at trish before follow ... the moment they be go trish get up and start case the room . isaak voice lilt in from down the hall ... int . isaak oxday' house - hallway - morning 108 where isaak be now on the phone ... isaak ( 0.s. ) Ivan ... Ivan . that 's right . it 's a do deal . I 'il be there tonight with everything you ask for ... int . isaak oxday' house - study - morning 109 where a desk drawer be open and dig through . another . but before any real progress be make footstep can be heard in the corridor . trish sit back down ... isaak return , address he daughter with a new sense of urgency as he settles in . isaak never be much good talk to you . there be thing I have want to say , but everything seem to roll out like a flame - thrower most time ... ( take she hand ) I be finish up something now that will take care of we for the rest of we day . after tonight , thing be go to be very lo ( continued ) 59 . 109 continued : 109 isaak ( cont would ) different . I be wash my hand of all this gangster shit . she study he dispassionately . extract she hand from he . trish Excuse I if I do not fall right out of my chair , but I have hear this song too many time . go all the way back before Mom die . isaak ( deeply stung ) I have make mistake , trish , bad mistake . but on my soul , I be ready to change . I want you back in my life . I need that most of all . trish so where have you be for the or last fifteen year ? what about what I need or Colin ? each blow seem to strike isaak physically , he posture mirrore this . trish ( cont would ) a lifetime of dirt of do not wash off that easy , dad . he get to he foot . unable to take anymore . isaak thing be go to be different , you have my word . but until I can prove it you will need to stay here . certain people may try to hurt I by hurt you -- just like they do with you brother . trish not interested . isaak ( firmly ) not like you have a choice . maurice and the boy will be guard the house . it will help you old man to breathe a little easier ... 110 int . isaak oxday' house - hallway - morning 110 where isaak now confer with he lieutenant , right back to business ... ( continued ) 110 at 60 . continued : 110 tsaak who 's leave ? mac just silk . say he 's ready to sign it over . I be gonna meet he at the casino this evening . isaak Fine . take the money from the safe and close it out . ( directly ) silk and . I go way back , understand ? do not muscle he -- just pay for the deed and meet I at the restaurant . Mac nod he understanding . not a problem ... dissolve to : int . isaak oxday' house - live room - late afternoon ce where maurice and he crew have hop on the dish to watch the Warrior play L.A. after a particularly sloppy laker turnover ... crew # 2 kobe be not shit . maurice ( mad at the game ) Son , you be not shit . trish have have she fill of testosterone for one afternoon . get up ... maurice girl , where you go ? trish upstair for a nap . maybe take a shower . maurice ( eye waver between she and the screen ) alright , then -- but do not get wise . I will be check up . trish shoot he a look like " whatever " on the way up the stair . 112 113 114 115 116 61 . int . isaak oxday' house - bedroom - late afternoon 112 where trish push open the door to she room . she hover inside for a moment , wait to hear if she 's be follow ... ext . isaak oxday' house - late afternoon 113 where han have return to keep watch from the perimeter beyond the gate ... view from - he binoculars as_he spot trish through she window . he make a immediate rush for the house . int . isaak oxday' house - bedroom - late afternoon 114 where trish still have not hear anything . she step back into the corridor with a nervous glance . int . isaak oxday' house - study - late afternoon 115 where she slip inside she father 's office , door gently close behind she . she start rifling the place -- he desk , shelf , anyplace there might be something of importance . Inside one of the file cabinet ... a host of grant deed be pile up , authorize the release of property ownership . hey're i. i wi etti i att hh she roam over they . surprise to recognize a address . trish ( puzzle ) forty-forty drigg ... then she realize something else . T 'x one . she start to take it when it hit she -- the deed will be miss . in a near panic , she catch sight of the fax machine wait in the corner . ext . isaak oxday' house / ext . trish's bedroom - late afternoonl6 where han have arrive wishing he would bring some climb gear -~ she 's on the second storey and he do not have any way up . ( continued ) 116 117 118 119 120 62 . continued : 116 he survey what 's at hand . a sudden smile . step back to get a run start ... wider angle as han run up the side of the house in a blur -- ping - ponging from the grass onto a trash can ... trash can to a window sill ... window sill to the heavy Colonial awning ... awning to reach out and snag the railing of trish 's balcony . he get a good grip and chin himself up . int . isaak oxday' house - live room - late afternoon 117 where maurice have finally sour on the warrior blow - out . maurice we down twenty - two ? this be not even a game anymore . he look over he shoulder and decide to do some check up . int . isaak oxday' house - study - late afternoon 118 where a_ copy of the unsign deed be spitting out of the fax machine . maurice can suddenly be heard out on the stair . int . isaak oxday' house - bedroom - late afternoon 119 where trish slip back inside . han step out from behind the door to give she a_scare . he rush to quiet she and they end up stumbling backward onto the bed . Long beat . the couple now check each other out nose - to - nose from the prone position . int . isaak oxday' house - hallway - late afternoon 120 where maurice roll up to trish 's door and knock . no response . doe it again . maurice {on edge now ) yo , trish . qpen up . short beat . then to we surprise , it do . trish shelter herself behind it shyly , wear nothing but a kowel . trish ( impatiently ) yes ? ( continued ) 120 122 123 124 63 . continued : 120 the SOUND of the shower drift out . the thug reign himself in , realize he 's be overreact . maurice oh ... sorry ... trish Water 's get cold . see you in a minute . int . isaak oxday' house - bedroom - late afternoon 121 as she ease the door close in he face . han peek out from the bathroom to make sure it 's clear . from the balcony , he wonder at get they down . a idea strike he . he proudly turn to find trish still no . han windmills into a buster keaton pirouette -- almost knock himself over try not to see she . ext . isaak oxday' house / ext . trish's bedroom - late afternoo22 where we watch a knotted bed sheet uncoil over the railing . han lower himself down first . then hold the rope for a beam trish . they rocket across the grounds into safety . int . old theater - evening 123 where overlord # 3 and two old chinese buddy sit dead - center watch the wizard of Oz -- the print badly looped in chinese . the female usher arrive with refreshment , wading down the aisle to serve they . overlord # 3 grant she a lascivious smile as he take the drink and popcorn . she smile back , then plunge ... a knife right into he heart . he gasp harshly , blood rush into he mouth . the other push back in terror as she descend on they next ... ext . old theater - evening 124 where the assassin stride out and let the murder weapon clatter to the ground ... 125 126 127 128 64 . int . tea house - night 125 a traditional parlor of delicate paper lantern and lacquer wood . ch 'u drink he green tea quietly -- the terrified waiting staff hover over the shoulder of this great and powerful man . one of Kai 's cadre enter to bow respectfully ... cadre he 's here . ch 'u nod and leave the house a clip of chinese currency . the waiter ' head see-saw up and down in gratitude and relief ... int . tea house - kitchen - night 126 where steadicam follows the overlord and he escort through the bowel of the restaurant . a dozen chinese illegal slave away over steaming and simmer kettle back here , rack bale of tea into large hold bin . they sense ch 'u 's presence but dare not look up . ext . tea house - alley - night 127 where steadicam continue out into the back -street . a sung meat company truck idle there , Kai and he man wait beside it . ch 'u motion and Kai throws the door wide . lead he boss up the ramp into the refrigeration car ... int . sung meat company truck ~ continuous 128 where they part a jungle of freeze pig carcass on bloody hook to find ... the final overlord ( # 4 and # 5 ) hanging upside - down in the front of the car . they dangle helplessly , mouth gag , eye dark and wild with fear ... h'u go peacefully , dear brother . you be the last of they , and when you pass you territory will remain within the collective . the overlords ' throat strain with muffled pleas . ch 'u regards they with a detach smile . ( continued ) 129 130 + 65 . continued : 128 ch'u ( cont would ) of course , since I alone survive , the collective be in actuality only I . ( savor it ) which make all the property mine . he step back and signal Kai . the heavy blade of a hatchet be heft into the light . ch'u I will inform mister roth that he property have be clear . ch 'u exit and the truck door shut behind he , drown out some terrible sound as we hard CUT to -- int . car / ext . street - later - night 129 where trish be now at the wheel . han pour over the copy deed , he brow wrinkling with concern ... trish this be the only one that be not sign over yet . ( think ) I also notice a deed for Victor Ho 's place . han take out he list and cross-refence the new document against it . han this address match the last entry on po 's list . I already check the other -- they have either be clear out or sell . trish that 's a helluva lot of property change hand . hard to believe . he hold out the deed so she can read it ... han where be this ? trish silk 's casino down on the bay. ( hold he gaze ) it 's the last place you brother be see the night he die . ext . waterfront casino - oakland - night 130 where from the look of the parking lot , the party never stop . ( continued ) 130 131 132 continued : 130 trish lead han to the front . two bouncers give the chinese a real nasty glare , more than ready to bust he hole when trish intercede ... trish ( sweetly ) he 's with I , guy . bouncer ( hesitates , then ) you isaak 's girl ? trish that 's right . they do not like it , but do not want to chance any trouble with she old man either . decide to let she chaperon han inside ... int . waterfront casino - night 131 where the patron be gambling and dancing in a cyclone of noise and booze . trish approach the main booth . the elderly cashier look out at she with stony eye . trish I want to see silk . ( no response ) tell he trish o' Day be here . the woman disappear into the back without comment . int . waterfront casino - bar side - night 132 where trish and han now stand wait . she notice the bevy of hostile stare come from all direction . this place be way too hot for any chinese to be make the scene right now -- especially han . to get out from under the magnify glass , trish drag han ... on the dance floor .. , and start they dancing . she 's fantastic , slide right into the sexy , urgent flow of the dj 's house music . han 's gonna need a few lesson however , move with all the rhythm of Gilbert godfrey ... she laugh as she help to guide he . gently bump he with she backside ... 134 135 67 . int . waterfront casino - silk office - night 133 ) where silk watch she on the bank of color monitor lining he suite . wall of one - way glass run the length or coe room afford a view of both the casino and bar side ..: he also notice the bristling crowd around they . silk ( to himself ) what in the hell be she do here ? int . waterfront casino - dance floor - night 134 where han feel a_ large hand clamp down on he shoulder . ready for the worst , he spin around to find ... silk smiling at they as he motion to follow . defuse a potentially riotous situation in he club in the process ... int . waterfront casino - silk ‘s office - later 135 where silk bodyguard watch the three of they talk , silk now go over han 's list ... silk and you be say this place have already be hit ? han ( nodd ) Victor Ho 's be the last . he - be take down this afternoon . the owner 's face be etched with a deep concern . look directly to trish ... silk you be absolutely sure about this , girl ? trish yeah , silk . your be not the only black property that be target . all the other have be buy up or burn out by now ... silk pause before shaking he head in approval . ( continued ) 135 68 . continued : 135 silk this be very , very disturbing . I be glad you bring it to my attention . ( slow beat ) I be not a man who like to worry . he move to OPEN the office door opposite ... tight on - mac walk through , have listen in on the entire exchange . the angle of he gun run a plum-line straight through han 's heart ... mac damned if you have not nearly put it all together . pretty impressive for a guy barely speak the language . trish let 's talk to my father . see what he say about it . mac fuck you father . like I say -- time come when a man have to stake -his own claim . silk ( one-track mind ) yo , Mac . you bring my money ? Mac take the unsign grant deed from he breast pocket and pass it across . his eye never leave han . silk ( review document ) right there ? mac right there . silk take up he pen and sign , finish with a flourish . greedy hand rub together in anticipation ... silk you get yours , brother , now where 's mine ? Mac heft a suitcase onto the counter and silk jack the clasp . six hundred thousand in bundle hundred be nestle inside . Mac turn to silk bodyguard while the owner stand salivate . ( continued ) 135 136 69 . continued : ( 2 ) 135 mac yo , Jerome -- Nice suit . jerome thanks Mac ... thwumpp ! Mac fire a bullet right through he forehead . he pancake face - first onto the counter . the lieutenant pistol - whip silk to the floor before he can react . thwumpp ! serve he up a fat round as well . favoring han know that this offer they only chance at survival . he stutter -step forward and pin Mac 's gun hand to the glass with one foot ... lower the boom on he with a savage forearm to the temple . he grab trish and start for the stair .. int . waterfront casino - casino side - night 136 where the couple make a measure march for the exit ... han play it cool . we will walk right out . but they be not halfway there before a monkey wrench get heave into they plan . Mac stumble out to the staircase astride silk 's office ... mac ( point ) stop they . the chinese kill silk ... Dead silence be a tragic understatement . han and trish immediately find they escape cut off by the mean - assed crowd . . three bouncers rush out to grab they . first mistake -- one make a grab for han 's shoulder . han intercept he and severely torque he wrist . windmills he into a partner ... a third bring a high -voltage cattle - prod to the show . he thrust out . han use one fluid motion to strip he of the prod and drive it back into he side ... zabap ! the big fella be di the big fella_is dance around in a spastic twitch . with a quick look , han realize they will have to backtrack ... ( continued ) 136 17 , 138 139 140 141 142 70 . continued : 136 han ( to trish ) folio le . now complete and utter pandemonium follows -- people yelling and stampeding into a mob scene ... at the roulette wheel where one of the gambler see profit in disaster . he change the ball from the number where it stop to the xv he mountai . bait be ridi . int . waterfront casino ~ silk office - night 37 where Mac duck back inside to pocket the sign grant deed and liberate the six hundre large ... int . waterfront casino - casino side - night 138 as han and trish fight they way towards the open dj booth , the chinese use a variety of maneuver across the table ( per choreography ) to force back the crowd and get they there ... they scale the stair at last , more of silk security right on they heel . pass the OPEN -mouthed dj they slip through a_small service door into ... int . waterfront casino - service stairwell - night 139 ..- which lead to the roof . the rung be thunder up two at a time . ext . waterfront casino - roof top - night 140 where the hatch pop OPEN and they scramble onto the flat tar surface . a quick look around . Three storey up now without a lot of option for get down . han run the far side . discover a wall of scaffold against the Bay side of the building . int .. waterfront casino - service stairwell . - night 141 where silk 's man follow now brandish serious artillery ... ext . waterfront casino - roof top ~- night 142 where han and trish leap onto the scaffold . the metal webbing teeters precariously under they weight . trish ( stomach drop ) ohm corist .. {continued ) 142 dae continued : 142 silk 's a : appear roof blazin tight on - han winci in agony a : he meat be arm i ii a - 9 mmat slug . somehow he manage to grab the top bar and swing under it -- drive both leg into the side of the building , then pushing off with all nis strength ... han hang_on . the entire structure lurch free . beginning to topple sickeningly for the water ... wider shot as silk 's man be force to pull up , realize they will never make it in time . - however one of they decide to go for the brass ring -- sprinting to the edge and make a_spectacular leap through the air . he catch the scaffold on its way down ... han watch he , greatly intrigue . even as they drop , the soldier lock a arm around a bar and go free-hand for he gatt ... a smile of encouragement from the chinese . the guy realize this be not good . look down sharply ... a pair of rickety dock loom up at he from below . han and trish do not have that problem -- hang free and clear over the water . half beat . just long enough to realize he should have stay home with he old lady . the scaffold crash into the dock . it pulverize he and slingshots han and trish into the water ... following - mac ivi ( ol i i we t : i be the safety of the Bay . int . '' top of the five " restaurant - night 143 a classy eatery reserve in its entirety for Ivan roth . tonight he acquire the deed which bring he stadium dream to fruition , and something that big warrant a celebration . ( continued ) 143 144 145 72 . continued : 143 roth's bodyguard allow ch 'u and Kai to enter . the real estate magnate rise to warmly greet he , take two champagn from a tray ... roth Crystal , ch 'u ? ( see he vacillate ) my friend , you only live once ... put that way the overlord decide to take he up on it . glass conspiratorially clinking together . ext . isaak oxday' office - night 144 where a ostentatious " q'day enterprise " placard run the gold - plate facade . han and trish furtively arrive out front . she quickly key they inside ... int . isaak oxday' office - night : 145 the professional suite where isaak 's legitimate business interest be overseen . trish and han recover here from they near-death escape . they have be through the ringer tonight and it show -- hair trash , clothes still damp , a cornucopia of cut and abrasion share between they . han notice a surveyor map of the waterfront pull down across one wall . grid cleanly parcel the land into zone district . han I need a pen . trish ( motion ) look in that desk . han be digging one out when she notice ... a spotting of blood trish take you jacket off . han what ? trish take it off . ( continued ) 145 146 73 . continued : 145 he hesitates briefly before peel it away . blood have lete mushroom throu he long - sleeve irt . that jag little .9 mm wound refuse to clot up . han leave it ... trish ( fat chance ) come over here . new angle where she lead he to the indu ial- si fice aid kit in the kitchenette . start the sink fill with hot water . she scissor he sleeve to examine the damage more closely . nasty stuff -- marrow entry , gape exit . the good news be it pass right through . trish you do not seem too bother . not the first time you have be shot , huh ? han ( smile ) not even the second . sharp hiss as peroxide meet wound . trish empty a pack of fiberglass powder into the water . wrap he arm in dry gauze first , then a second dress dip in the starchy concoction ... it harden instantly . han start in surprise as she rap she knuckle on the bandage -- now a cast as solid as a piece of wood . int . isaak oxday' office - later - night 146 where han now mark up the hang surveyor 's map . the camera be framing he so we can not see what he 's work on . trish sit opposite watch . a long beat before he finish ... ( flatly ) there be no war between black and chinese . it 's a smoke screen . slowly now the camera cheat around to show ... ( continued ) 146 74 , continued : 146 full view - the map where the waterfront District now have ink circle clutter the property han know to have change hand ... han ( cont would ) you father , mine ... they have both be do the same thing . trish ( confuse ) take it slow here , okay ? do 2 han grabbing up this property -- as many as they can get they hand on . trish but why the waterfront ? land value have be drop there since I be a kid . most of it 's already crackhead country ... han do not know yet . but both side have be kill they own for tee {an ugly realization wash over he ) my brother be dead the moment he find out about it . no matter what he do . trish and Colin ? han po must have call to see what Colin know -- what they could do together to stop it . trish but what would they want the land for ? it still do not make any sense . but han be no longer listen . his policeman 's eye distract by several other map hang overhead as well . he slowly pull down the close , revealing ... ( continued ) 146 75 continued : ( 2 ) 146 a opaque acetate stencile in with a bird 's eye graphic of the new football stadium . the flat have be design to perfectly overlay the waterfront grid -- illustrate where the stadi a to i1t . off they reaction we match dissolve to -- int . " top of the five " restaurant - night 147 where th ree- di ional_architectura del sit in exactly the same position -- bring the acetate vividly to life ... Ivan and ch 'u sit nearby , the pleasantry long - since abandon as Ivan 's Attorney go through the chinese h of the grant deed . attorney ( wrapping up ) everything 's kosher . down to the last pagoda . we notice Kai shoot White bread a scorching look .. roth you be a good man , ch 'u sung . he motion for a_small_ briefcase to be bring over and place before the overlord . roth ( cont would ) spend it well . ch 'u spring the clasp and open it lid toward US so we can not see the content instead judge they value by he look of complete satisfaction . ch'u iwill , Ivan . I always have . ( rise to go ) I do not expect we 'il encounter each other again , so let this serve as farewell . it 's be a pleasure . he motion Kai to take the case ... roth ( smile ) you never know . maybe I will see you at a ballgame . 148 76 . int . isaak oxday' office - night 148 where han be review trish 's photocopy deed more closely . the camera find the property recipient list as " roth equity ngs " ... han all the property be be turn over to a single company -- roth equity Holdings . it may be just a shell , maybe not ... he fold the document and give it to she . han ( cont would ) take this and the list to the police . explain what 's happen , tell they everything . trish what about you ? han I be go to talk to the new owner . mac ( o.s. ) wrong , dim sum . you ass be stay right here . han whirl to find ... mac , maurice and the dog filter out of the shadow . the dog hold twelve- quage shotgun at the hip , ready for the slight excuse to cut han in half . maurice be a mess from he tangles with han -- cap tooth glint dully , arm splint , one eye purple and swollen . but he 's smile plenty now they have finally capture the chinese . mac do not take it so hard , brother . the Little princess here 's gonna be fine . Mac take hold of trish and pull she close . thena really nice moment as he furrow he nose into she hair ... mac ( cont would ) whatta ya say , baby ? catch another romantic dinner , maybe a few stiff drink to put we in the mood ? ( continued ) ee 148 continued : 148 han motion to the stadium overlay ... han it 's hard to build anything on a mountain of body . people will find out , they will stop you . mac you think any of this life have really matter ? you brother 's ? Colin 's ? they do not . they never do . in this world there 's only the rich , -- everyone else be just a inconvenience . ( to maurice ) end this monkey , mo. and please , take you time doin ' it ... han and trish share a final , desperate glance from across the room . her brave face fracture with panic as ma¢ hustle she out ... it 's the last thing han see before he temple be butted with the heel of a shotgun . 149 ext . " top of the five " restaurant - night 149 where isaak arrive in he town car . just as the valet be take he key ch'u_ step outside . a strange beat as the rival find themselves abruptly face to face . then the biggest shocker of all -- ye i the land scheme together since the very beginning isaak ( see the briefcase ) I see you have already finish with Ivan . ch'u yes -- youx share be wait inside . Rest assure , the deal be everything he promise . isaak do you ever doubt he ? ch'u {slight smile ) not really . ( pause ) it work well , do not it , we little " war " ? I be surprised how many of my people want to ( more ) ( continued ) 149 150 78 . continued : 149 ch 'u ( cont would ) believe it be real . how many always will . isaak it be lucrative , if that 's what you mean . ( then , colder ) except for a unexpected casualty ... ch'u two unexpected casuality . isaak only one concern I . ( roll reverse from the airport ) I have nothing to do with it . isaak believe I , ch 'u , it will not take much to find out . ( reign it in ) but that 's a personal matter , best leave to personal time . we business tonight be something else entirely . they share a hard look as the chinese overlord 's car arrive . int . isaak oxday' office - night 150 where han regains consciousness in the midst of the worst stomping of he life . maurice and he dog have he chain to a support column and ... a magnificent beat take place as the they work he over . this be a unpleasant sequence , sadistic and methodical , and should resonate with the emotional anguish of toshiro mifune 's dismantle in yojimbo . it should play for less than a minute , yet feel like day and day ... maurice ( stop they at last ) alright , alright , already ... close on - han sagging back against the column . his scalp and gum be bloody , and outwardly he seem a ruin husk of a man . {continued} 150 79 . continued : 150 maurice ( cont would ) 2 like to be able to at least ize a motherfucker when I be beeatiae he up . they catch they breath . one shaking the sting of so many punch from he hand . dog # 2 let 's just do he , mo. dog # 1 yeah , I be burn - out on this shit . maurice shrug and dig out a weapon . leans down to grab a handful of han 's hair . maurice hear that , dim sum ? time go nighty , night . : ( then , curious ) one thing I gotta know , bro -- you do not really think you be gonna get they drawer ? han ( raspy , spitting out blood ) what ? maurice that ass , bro . trish . you really think she be gonna give it up to you ? his posse chime in with additional smack ( " damn dawg " " aw , shit " etc . ) . han do not respond , maurice ( cont would ) do not think so . best you do not even try -- after isaak turn over the deed at the top 0o ' the five , Mac 's give himself a big promotion . ( off han 's reaction ) Hell , yeah . gonna dump o' Day into the Bay and take number one daughter and all that cash for himself and he dog ... again han fail to reply , he eye flicker like that of a beat fighter . maurice all right , fella , let 's do this . Young Romeo here 's gotta die . ( continued ) 150 150 a 80 . continued : ( 2 ) 150 crew # 1 whoa , mo. you can not shoot he here . maurice and exactly why not ? crew # 1 mac’1l flip if we stain the carpet . this be gonna be he office now ... : maurice yeah , dawg . you right . ( half beat ) let 's throw he out the window . crew # 1 what about the glass ? maurice ( lightbulb come on ) we will open it first ... and they do . then they grab han 's limb like four pall bearer and get a run start -- 1 the 1 e win slow motion - han his body be pitch into open space . his leave hand suddenly rocket out to grab the sill ... he right maurice 's tie ... he hang there but a millisecond . maurice fight to brace himself against the inside ... han you be not the only one know some shit . and with a yank they both go spiraling out ... ext . isaak oxday' office - night 150a where we watch as han and maurice plummet for the pavement . the chinese now pull a spectacular move -- spin Mo underneath he in mid-air to use he as a human_air bag wider angle next stop , ground floor . 4 ice ' . it leave he groaning limply , as flat as a pancake ... ( continued ) 81 . 150a continued : i50 a 151 152 han get up and dust himself off . escape with the other still watch spellbound from above ... ext . " top of the five " restaurant - night 151 where isaak stand outside the entrance as Mac and he bad -ass arrive . strain be now apparent on the crimeboss ' face for the first time . he 's allow himself to envision a new life for he and trish -- and the price of it be a inevitable vulnerability . Mac be loving every minute of it . silently pleased at the prospect of he boss have slip from he game face . isaak trish should already be here by now . ( check watch ) Mac -- be you positive they have pick she up ? mac isaak , man , you gotta relax . I talk to Mo and the boy not ten minute ago . she 's safe and she 's on the way . int . " top of the five " restaurant -~- night 152 where isaak and Mac enter . they see Ivan with he attorney and join they at the table ... roth isaak , my new friend . at last we conclude we business . ( shaking hand ) my deed ? Mac pass a small valise across to he . roth hand it straight - away to he attorney . roth no offense , but I would like David here to review they . he 's particularly good with detail . isaak ( shrug ) none take . they be all there . the attorney quickly thumb the form inside . ( continued ) 152 82 . continued : run with no isaak how be ch 'u sung tonight ? in good spirit , I hope ? roth excellent spirit . I expect very shortly you will be in the same . attorney ( finish ) perfect . everything 's in order . roth how wonderful . he motion for a_small briefcase to be bring for isaak -- it 's identical to that give the chinese earlier . roth and this belong to you . per we agreement , I think you will be very pleased . isaak ( spin it on he ) do I need to have gummy here review it ? view of - gummy one of the bad -- baby dread , wire eye , jaw maniacally pump he chew gum back and forth . the absolute antithesis of Ivan 's ivy - League asshole . roth ( touché ) no . it 's all there . isaak draw the case to he anyway . a beat . then he shock everyone by push it back unopen . isaak keep you cheddar , Ivan . I would rather you invest it for I . nobody know what to make of this -- Ivan and he Attorney slack - jaw , Mac fit to have a major coronary ... roth isaak , I be afraid I do not understand ... isaak it 's easy . I be go to be you partner . ( continued ) 152 83 . continued : ( 2 ) 152 roth my ... isaak sure . High -time the NFL have a black owner , do not think ? ( let it sink in ) I be up to the task -- trust I . use to play a little bail myself . and I do look fantastic inside a luxury - box . roth ( regains he composure ) I be afraid I already have partner , several in fact . isaak turn intimidating . the kind of power which underscore he ascension from the wasteland of a oakland ghetto . isaak so add another one . the bid 's already be accept . without my deed you be a short hair from end up in a meat locker yourself . Long beat . Ivan fully realize the bad spot he 's in . then Mac can not take anymore ... mac fuck the luxury box -- I will take the green . isaak find a fire- breathe sig - sauer angle smack at he belly . Mac scoops up the briefcase , intoxicate by the lure of all that cash ... isaak a 2 ing ? mac I believe they call it corporate restructurin' . as of right now , o' Day enterprise be be swallow whole by Mac , Inc . I be take you capital reserve ... ( hold up the case ) and you most value asset ... he signal he dog and trish be escort inside . mac ( cont would ) and then I be gonna leverage you out . ( continued ) 84 . 152 continued : ( 3 ) 152 isaak make a vicious lunge for he , fearless in he rage at betrayal ... isaak you shitt ttle loodsu ee carry you ass off the street ... mac yeah , sure -- but what have you do for I lately ? Mac gut-shoot he . mentor , crumpling he to the floor . his daughter rush to he side . trish Mac could care less , hurriedly springing the clasp to get to the good part ... mac now let 's see some shit . there 's nothing inside but a white envelope . he snatch 26 up and rip J open ... a fifty million dollar corporate check make out to " q'day enterprise " confront he . Mac about crap himself ... mac a check ? a motherfuckin ' check ? I do not believe this ... isaak 's wounded laugh mock he from the floor . isaak punk . now look at you street ass . nobody 's deal in cash this day . mac ( livid ) better hope you stay alive long enough to bank this motherfucker ... to be written : han burst in and a fantastic shoot - out follows between roth 's bodyguard and the black . in all the commotion , roth run to the roof where a helicopter await . but Mac blows he away before he can escape ... han take out the remain soldier and then face off with Mac ... ( continued ) 152 continued : ( 4 ) ; 152 han two-man game now , Mac . the young lieutenant lean back to rake he barrel across the nape of trish 's neck ... mac you forgettin ' about the broad , ahkbar . baby make three . han ( dispassionate ) I want to know why you murder my brother . mac be not I . I kill Colin alright , isaak do not know a thing about it . could not risk he killin’ the deal . han ( insistent ) what about po ? mac you get you own people to thank there . all that shit be handle in -house . han feel he blood roiling , the depth of what this mean almost unfathomable . mac ( cont would ) now get on you knee or I will smoke she . han behind you . mac if that be not some tired bullshit ... but han 's gaze convince the thug he 's for real . Mac turn slowly to find ... trish trish like you say , Mac -- I be get all misty eye ... ( continued ) 152 153 154 86 . continued : ( 5 ) 152 she fire to put he down ... trish ( cont would ) ... wish there be two of you . the second round finish he ... wider angle as han and trish kneel to check isaak 's wound . it 's real bad , but he 's hang in . we hold for a moment on the ex-gangster , he eye now silently do what he seize throat cannot -- thanking han for save he daughter and himself . han cover he with he jacket . gently place a finger to trish 's lip before leave ... ext . ch'u sung be mansion - greenhouse - night 153 where han cover the glass pane over the door 's deadbolt and soundlessly knock it out . int . ch'u sung be mansion - greenhouse - night 154 a lavish second floor housing bright asian flora . below they , a pool of exotic fish consume the entire ground level . han enter the lush greenery . for a moment we be take aback , feel as if we have awoken in the humid heart of a asian jungle . han wander in ... kal kai it be strangely exhilate , kill po. really give I a rush . han ; why do not that surprise I ? kat ( with distaste ) : you brother be not suite to lead , han sung . he do not have the stomach for it , the necessary ball . han you believe yourself a much better choice . ( continued ) 154 155 87 . continued : 154 kai naturally . ( then ) why do not we settle this properly ? new angle as again they take stance opposite each other -- they former kinship replace by a unbridle and unabash hatred . this be the most scintillating moment in the entire movie . a martial art battle royal beginning only two man of this caliber could create . there be a vicious grace to the combat , they contrast style well - suite . Kai the young and more aggressive , han more patient and precise ... han launch a hurricane of kick , force he enemy back . Kai respond with a combination of punch , hunt and peck away to the body . then han raise the ante . grabbing Kai 's neck and unleash a series of head -to-knee -- face force down , knee savagely come up to tenderize it . Kai spin free and slam kick to han 's groin and solar plexus , suck the air out he . and so the war rage ... wide two shot - han and kai ultimately come to a stand-still . both hurt and hemorrhage from nose and mouth , each man now prove the other 's equal kai the old man be afraid you might win , han sung . han and you ? kat I know you would not . the fight continue ( detail be discussed ) as Kai appear to take the upper hand . han then eee himself to permanently extinguish he brother 's killer . ( ed_note : we need to find a great way to pay off Kai 's here which we have well establish earlier in the film . ) int . ch'u sung be mansion - study - night es ) where ch 'u work at he desk , plan for the even brighter future he fat take will afford he . ( continued ) 55 continued : " 155 then he youngest son han sung walk through the door . han ( mandarin ) what be it like , Father ? he bring Kai 's weapon up and train it on the old man 's heart . han ( cont would ) ( mandarin ) to go on live with you own son 's death ? can you sleep ? can you even eat without he face find you ? ch'u outwardly , po be always the stronger of you . but inside he be always weak . weak and sickly with compassion for stranger , outsider . he put he own interest -- they interest -- above that of the family . han ( mandarin ) what family ? there be only you and you money . when have it ever be any different ? ( bitter laugh ) the mainland ? Hong Kong ? ch'u what he know would have ruin thing with roth , would have i we . I do everything I could to scare he off ... han except the right thing . except what you know be right . ( tear apart ) to take he side and be he father . han stand teeter with a unendurable amount of rage . never have he want to kill with the hunger he do right now . ch'u ( unaffected ) what do you assume to do with I ? have you vengeance ? will that bring he back , han ? ( continued ) 155 156 89 . continued : ( 2 ) 155 han no . I have honore my brother properly -- I find that responsible for he death . ( slowly ) the rest be for other , stranger . han rack a single round into the chamber and slide the weapon 's full clip into he pocket . q 1 a in _butt - fi L . han if the police do not get you , the other chinese family will . he slide it across . give the old man just one bullet to do he bid . one bullet for either himself or he son ... han ( cont would ) do what you will , ch 'u . but this time no one will go to prison for you . it serve as they final good - bye . han slowly turn and 1 ove : wi completely expose himself to the mercy of he murderous father . ch 'u pick up the weapon ... level it han 's back ... han be Pov - looking outside where distant siren momentarily precede a pack of cop car fish - tailing onto the street and speed for the long stone driveway ... but still han do not turn . give he father the cleanest of shot at a motionless target . ch 'u clinch the weapon with trembling hand , finger coiling around the trigger ... blaamm ! the gun fire . its white flash blinding the room as we hard CUT to -- ext . ch'u sung be mansion - night 156 where the armada of black -and-white be now scream up to the front , strobing the yard with harsh red and blue rack -light ... emerge from the back of a patrol car -- a matrix - style slow -motion figure center in a fast -motion flurry of armed cop ... ( continued ) 90 . continued : 156 her eye be lose in silent prayer as they strafe the house . a punish beat . then ... han es from inside in matrix - sst ' - motion as well . the chinese resemble a human train wreck at this point , completely trash by he long odyssey . but he alone stand as sole survivor . the couple cut a path through the circus of law enforcement , staying in slow - motion , focus only on each other ... tight two shot - han and trish where he scan she face before they touch -- the gentle lilt tell he isaak be go to be alright . then they come together in a long dream - of embrace ... trish softly pull free . leans in to kiss he . you know , it be a great country . he just might stay . the camera pull back as trish hold tightly to han 's hand , the couple center within the chaos . then back further still as we ... fade to black :