ronin a original screenplay by j.d. Zeik draft : May 20 , 1997 a blood red screen - a japanese drum start to play , softly , but tinged with a desperate edge , grow louder , join by other drum as a black legend scroll up : in feudal Japan , the warrior class of samurai be swear to protect they liege lord with they life . that samurai whose liege be kill suffer a great shame , and they be force to wander the land , look for work as hire sword or bandit . this masterless warrior be no longer refer to as samurai , they be know by another name : such man be call ronin . the word hang on the screen and we hold for a beat , and then the drum be cut off by - a silenced gun shot : thwpfft ... fade in on : int . a medieval cathedral - night it 's dark , and so it take we a minute to realize we be moving up stone spiraling stair , up up up in what we now see be a medieval cathedral . and as we continue moving up something trickle down into frame - blood . running thin , then thicker , as we continue to move up the stair and find - a body , sprawle awkwardly across the stone , arm and leg akimbo , not so much Christ -like as victim-like . in one hand the body hold a gun he never have a chance to use . in the other - a dark shape , we can not quite tell what it be . footstep sound from above and - the killer walk into frame , silence pistol dangle at he side . we do not know he , and it 's go to be a while before we see he again , but mark he face because we will see he again . the killer now pick up the dark shape in the body 's hand , and we see it 's - a briefcase . the killer cuff the briefcase to he wrist and turn to - two men stand behind he : subordinate . the killer show they the briefcase . killer God love I . the body suddenly twitches -- this guy be not quite dead . the killer raise he silence pistol . killer ( to he victim ) but I do not think he 's too fond of you ... slam CUT to : ext . a back STREET - paris - night a phone ring , replace the sound of the silence gun shot we expect to hear . rain-slicked cobblestone gleam in a twinkle of streetlight . ext . a phone booth at the end of the STREET the source of the ringing . we start to push slowly in one the phone booth , and as we do we hear the voice of a ugly american . ugly american ( v.o. ) what be this ? CUT to : int . a drive bar in paris - night a soccer match be in progress on a tv which sit above the bar in this smokey , dim dive . ugly american ( o.s. ) this be not football ... and now we be pulling back down the length of the bar . we see three men sit seperately at the bar , pay no attention to each other . one of this man watch the game with real interest . the Ugly american talk on from off screen . ugly american ( o.s. ) ( continue ) ... football be three hundred pound guy , they run way too fuck fast , they get helmet make of kevlar they use to spear the quarterback into the next life . slam CUT to : ext . the STREET outside the phone be still ringing , louder now , and we be moving toward it while look through a unseen pair of eye , and even as we drink this in we be back in - int . the bar at the end of the bar - larry , the Ugly american . he 's get a obvious attitude , all of it bad . but there 's something about the guy -- he 's not all bluster , and he have the look of a seasoned tough guy who know how to get rough and tumble . he 's big , and yeah he 's get a gut , but the rest of he look solid . larry ( talk to the air ) you wanna know what football be ? it 's hit the other guy dirty and then spitting in he face when he 's down . football be all thing american , and american be a-number - one the absolute fuck best there be . that 's what football be ... ( he point to the tv ) ... and that 's not football . the one man at the bar who 's be watch the gam turn slowly and give Larry a long look . this be vincent : french , hard boil and solid . charm when he want to be , which be not all that often . he give Larry a long look and then speak - vincent ( to Larry in perfect English ) football -- american football -- be a game for faggot . a beat . the other two man at the bar , who seem like tough customer themselves , pretend not to watch too closely , but they be interested : what 's Larry go to say ? for a moment it seem as if he 's piss , but then suddenly a smile break out on he face and he laugh heartily at Vincent 's remark . Vincent join in , as do the other . in particular - the bartender look relieved -- he 's tough enough to toss a bar drunk , but this guy be in a different league . the bartender laugh with the other , happy to have avoid a confrontation as we go back to - ext . the STREET outside we be almost on top of the phone booth , the phone be still ringing as a hand reach into frame and snatch the phone from its cradle . a woman' voice ( v.o. ) ( a touch irish accent ) yes ? another angle - and we see a woman name deirdre on the phone : strike , dark - haire , irish . she carry herself with the same professional edge as the man inside the bar . deirdre listen for a moment to the voice on the other end , and before she speak she sense something - a silhouette stand in the shadow of the bar , watch deirdre . she give this silhouette a measure glance before speak , she hand creep ever so slightly towards she coat . deirdre can I help you ? the silhouette step into a pool of light . this be SAM . tough , lean , enigmatic . somebody you might trust , but whom you would never cross . Sam return she look before he speak . SAM no ... Sam move towards the bar , and deirdre return to she phone conversation . deirdre I be here ... ( a beat , respond to a question ) no , it be nothing . int . the bar - a minute later Sam enter and by now the man inside have all come together at the bar , talk casually , recognize they be somehow all here for a reason . with Larry and Vincent we see - gregor , a man from Eastern Europe . his accent be hard to pin down , but he most definitely have one . gregor have the air of a ex - spook , and that 's exactly what he be . lastly we see swede -- blonde , muscular , and somehow blank in the face . no , he 's not stupid -- he 's a sociopath . now - Sam look at the group , which grow quiet as he enter . finally , Sam speak . SAM sorry I be late ... vincent ( a challenge ) what make you think we be here to meet you ? SAM ( meeting Vincent 's gaze ) who else would you be ? Vincent turn towards the other , include they in a expansive gesture . vincent perhaps the police ? SAM I know cop -- and you be no cop . Vincent smile at Sam 's answer , satisfied , and make room for Sam to join they . Vincent take a pack of cigarettes , shake they so that one stick out , and offer it to Sam . vincent cigarette ? SAM no thanks . Vincent look a little disappointed at this as we go - ext . back outside - same time the pay phone make a sharp noise as it 's crack back into the cradle . deirdre stand at the phone booth , lose in think . then , without warning - deirdre spin around , pull two gun from inside she coat . the move be fast , perform with the grace of a professional killer , as deridre scan the horizon , but nobody seem to be watch . deirdre pocket she gun and step into the shadow of the street , the better to watch - the bar - and as deirdre watch the bar we watch she . pulling back from deirdre , up into the AIR and then moving through to - int . a cheap apartment - same time looking through a window , donw onto the street below . barely visible we can see deirdre . and stare at deirdre - the watcher . somebody we be go to see periodically through the movie . right now he 's only a silhouette with a well - define pair of hand . and in that hand - a knife . as the watcher watch he slowly clean he nail with the knife , methodically , perfectly . and he watch . first deirdre , and then turn he attention to the bar . he 's especially interested in the bar . a time CUT to : int . the bar - later the bartender be wiping out a last glass . when this be finish he look up at - a table in the back - where we five guy have relocate . now the bartender and Vincent exchange a look , and then the bartender take out a set of key and toss they - through the AIR and they smwack into Vincent 's hand . the bartender and Vincent speak in rapid-fire french , and then the bartender be go . Sam turn to Vincent . SAM he trust you to lock up ? vincent let 's just say he know who I be . Vincent take out he pack of cigarettes and offer they around the table -- again , nobody take on . Vincent seem really disappointed by this . larry anybody wanna tell I what we be wait for ? vincent ( lighting he cigarette ) the question be not what we be wait for ... it 's who . larry and who the fuck be that ? gregor whoever hire we . SAM I get this gig through a contractor . and he most definitely do not know who be do the hire , only that they be pay a lot of money ... there 's a kind of general look around the table -- a nod or grunt of acknowledgement , indicate that all of this man be hire the same way . SAM ( continue he think ) so none of we know who 's pay the freight , this be just some anonymous job . for all we know , we be work for different people . gregor now that be a interesting proposition . swede how so ? gregor because if there 's more than one party involved , if we really be work for different people , then perhaps some of we be on different side . ( with great meaning ) you order might be different from mine . larry what be you talk about , man ? I do not understand . swede ( quietly , but loud enough to be hear ) what a surprise ... larry I get a surprise for you , blondie ... gregor ( sharply , as if he 's use to give order ) why do not both of you shut up ? larry &amp ; swede ( to gregor at the same time ) fuck you ! SAM knock it off ! there be a beat . gregor , swede and Larry look at Sam , who glare they all down . lastly , Sam turn and look at Vincent . the two man nod at one another , acknowledge a kind of mutual respect . SAM the point remain : we could be work for different people . there 's a chance for one of we ... ( look around the table ) maybe more than one of we -- have be pay to cross the other . I do not know about you guy , but I like to know who I be work for . it can help prevent a great deal of ... ( find the right word ) ... unpleasantness . larry ( patting the gun inside he cheap suit ) anybody try to unpleasant I I will put two between he eye -- one to do the job and the other to make sure it take . from off screen we hear a new sound : laughter . another angle - deirdre have enter the bar , and she 's amused by this last exchange . deirdre it 's good to see you have all get such faith in we little undertake . larry who the fuck be you ? deirdre ( stare at Larry ) the name be deirdre , and I be run this show . gregor who be you ? ira ? deirdre ( with a brittle laugh ) not likely . once , yeah , I be -- but there be not a inch of profit in it , and I be a cash orient girl , if you take my meaning . I be a hire gun , same as the rest of you , and that 's all any of we need to know about the other . deirdre hand out several thick envelope . Larry and swede open theirs and stare at the wad of franc Notes stuff inside . even gregor crack he envelope and peak at he money . but neither Vincent nor Sam take a look . deirdre from here on in you want something you pay cash for it : no credit card , no bank account be in place : ten percent up front , the rest when the job be do . ( a quick beat , then she look at gregor ) you . what do you do and what should we call you ? gregor this day they they call I gregor -- and I be a tech . I do electronic work , surveillance , computer run . deirdre turn to Sam . SAM Sam . I be a weapon guy . deirdre you be a soldier , be you ? SAM once . deirdre give Sam a look -- and he return it . finally , deirdre turn to Larry . larry I drive -- and my name be Larry . Larry from the States . deirdre ( she turn to Vincent ) and who be you ? vincent I be Vincent . and I coordinate . SAM ( sharply ) coordinate what ? vincent thing . this be my country , you know . the two man exchange another look . a peck order be develop among the group : Vincent and Sam be both natural leader , and now they be feel one another out . deirdre ( to Vincent ) coordinate all you want , but make sure whatever you do get clear through I . ( Vincent do not respond for a moment ) be we in sync on this , Vincent ? vincent of course . deirdre wait a beat , let Vincent know what she be not any more intimidate by he than he be by she . finally , she turn to swede . swede they call I swede . larry who 's they ? swede everybody . vincent and what be it you do ? swede me? ( with a smile ) I kill . CUT to : int . a warehouse - day a paper target , in the shape of a human be , dance in place as it be riddle with gunshot , each shot hit the target in the belly , each shot fire by - Larry , whose be shoot a sleek automatic pistol from which he 's just discharge a entire clip . the gun be empty , Larry turn to Sam , who stand next in line . SAM ( look at the target ) you shoot alright . larry get the job do . SAM all in the stomach , though . you man might live . larry not for long . SAM Long enough to shoot back . larry be that right ? SAM it 's be know to happen . larry ( a challenge ) why do not you go do better , then ... without a word , Sam pop a new clip into the gun and shoot the light out of several other human target , hit each target in a different place . one he clip between the eye , the next in the heart , one in the groin , and then the last target - he split down the middle , fire shot after shot from the head to the groin until the target be shear in half . Larry be impressed in spite of himself . larry yeah , well ... my way work too . SAM my way be better . in a corner of the warehouse - gregor have set up a table load with computer and electronic whizmo . right now gregor be hold a particularly high - tech type cell phone in he hand , look at it almost lovingly . deirdre ( o.s. ) be it alright ? another angle - deirdre sit nearby , look at the cell phone . gregor it 's quite satifactory . deirdre good , because it cost enough . there 's cheaper phone by far than that one , man : you better fuck use it . gregor ( almost caress the phone ) I intend to . this phone be wire like no other : it 's get a encryption chip and instant sit - a- link recognition , it can talk to any computer in any language and make it understand . with my custom hardware and this phone I can trace the target 's cell phone signature and follow he anywhere he go ... deirdre you sure about this ? gregor I would stake my reputation . deirdre but would you stake you life , that 's the question ... gregor in this business , you life and you reputation be more often than not one and the same . from off screen we hear munching . it 's - Larry inhale a sandwich . a malicious look come over swede 's face , who 's clean a pistol and sit near Larry . swede you should watch what you eat . larry who the fuck die and appoint you food czar ? swede I be just worried about you health , Larry . you could stand to shed a few pound . larry ( sensitive about he weight ) and you could stand to get a little smarter , be not that right you dumb blonde fuck ? swede ( sensitive about the dumb blonde thing ) who you call dumb , dickless ? both man eyeball one another , and then suddenly Larry reach for he piece , and as soon as he do this swede do the same thing , but before they can do anything - deirdre's gun swing into frame , smash swede in the face and drop he to the floor . Larry 's mouth drop open in surprise , but it 's too late : deirdre kick he in the stomach and then rabbit punch he in the back of the neck , drive he to the ground . deirdre ( stand above they ) next one of you fucker play this game I be go to do for you myself . I will not say it again : we do not have time for this shit ! there 's a clock run on this job , gentleman , and I mean to be on schedule . a tense moment as deirdre stare down at this tough guy -- let they know who 's in charge . a SOUND from off screen interrupt this moment : a door open , as we see - Vincent , who stand in the door , wear he coat and hat . he 's be out somewhere , and he look first at the squabbling man , and then at - deirdre . she give Vincent a little nod -- a silent command that make Vincent turn to Sam . vincent let 's go for a ride . Vincent and Sam start off , move towards the door , while swede and larry slowly pick themselves up off the ground . SAM where to ? vincent to see a man about a thing . SAM I can do that . ext . the warehouse - sunset a desolate urban landscape - Sam and Vincent walk away from the warehouse , which be house in what look to be the toughest neighborhood in the city , fill with cheap concrete public housing and industrial building . the setting SUN throw a red glow on the street , give the raw concrete building a blood -color tint , as Sam and Vincent approach a fiat , a car neither too old nor too new . before they can reach the car , the two man be intercept by four tough , young guy in they early twenty . the leader of the tough apporach Vincent . leader ( subtitle french ) who give you permission to park here ? SAM ( to Vincent ) what 's he say ? vincent pretty much what you would expect . SAM ( with a sigh ) that 's what I think . leader ( in french ) there 's a charge for parking on we block . the other tough add lib a few tough guy remark ( in french , of course ) . vincent ( to Sam ) he say this be they block . SAM as in , they own it ? vincent something like that ... SAM and I suppose he 's say that we oughta give they something for use it , huh ? vincent I do not know that you speak french . SAM I do not . but the language he 's speak be universal . angle on the leader - who 's smirk at Vincent and Sam . Sam 's word make a great deal of sense : the leader be speak the universal language of " give I some money or I will kick you ass . " SAM ( o.s. ) I guess we oughta give they something ... CUT back to : Vincent and Sam . vincent if you think we should . Vincent backfist the leader in the nose -- hit he so hard that the leader skitter back on unsteady foot and then sit down on he ass . this blow hurt , but the real damage be to the leader 's pride . now - one of the tough rush at Sam , only to have Sam perform what look like a jujitsu throw which savagely jerk the tough off he foot and flatten he . SAM ( as if it be a accident ) oh man , I be sorry about that ... ( he stick he hand out ) let I give you a hand . Sam reach down as if to help the tough , who ignore the hand and totter to he foot . as soon as he 's up he turn and run away , follow by the other tough . now only the leader be leave behind . he look for a second at Vincent and Sam , and then turn and run after he friend . Vincent call after he in french , but whatever he say be not translate . Vincent turn to unlock the car . SAM what would you say to he ? vincent I ask if we could give he anything else . by now the two man be in the car , which start up and drive off , as it do we - CUT to : int . the fiat - same time vincent that be a nice move you do on we young friend . judo ? SAM jujitsu . vincent same thing , be not it ? SAM not at all . similar , but not the same . vincent what 's the difference ? SAM one 's a lot more painful than the other . Vincent laugh , and Sam look out the window at the city of Paris as we move through to the outside world of - ext . paris drive montage - twilight a series of quick cut of the car drive through Paris at night . we do not see familiar sight like the eiffel Tower or the Arc de triomph , but instead - we travel through the left bank , down a series of mazy alley which twist and turn , fill with bistros , bar and falafel joint . neon sign line the street for as far as the eye can see . near the end of this trip we hear the SOUND of a match flaring , follow by - SAM ( v.o. ) could I get one of that ? int . the car - still drive - same time Vincent be drive and smoking a cigarette . he toss he pack to Sam , but he seem a little surprised at Sam 's request . vincent help yourself . ( quick beat ) since when do you smoke ? SAM ( lighting up ) I have , I do not know , maybe a cigarette a week . vincent a cigarette ? as in one ? ( exasperate , almost to himself ) one cigarette a week , who smoke like that ? SAM I do . vincent Christ , I smoke a pack - and - a- half a day , and I tell myself I could be worse . ( take a satisfy drag ) it 's just so damned pleasurable . SAM ( blow a smoke ring with great skill ) it have it 's moment . ( stub out cigarette ) course , you get cancer and die , that 's the down side . vincent ( with a sigh ) there be that . Vincent stamp he cigarette out , look vaguely unhappy that Sam have spoiled he smoke . SAM so , Vincent : why bring I along for the ride ? job like this call for a warm body , somebody who can stand around and look threaten . a tough guy . vincent like Larry or swede . SAM exactly . why not bring they ? vincent let 's just say I think the conversational possibility be limited . of course , I might have bring gregor , but he do not seem like the right candidate -- for this . SAM watch that one , he 's a ex-spook for sure , maybe stasi , maybe kgb . he 's smart , gregor be . vincent so be the woman . SAM deirdre ? smart , yeah , and seriously goddamn dangerous . vincent I wonder if she truly leave the ira . SAM I have wonder that myself . none of this answer my question , though ... ( suddenly direct ) why bring I ? vincent I want to see who you be . SAM who be I ? Vincent , drive all the while , give Sam a sideways glance before speak . vincent you be once some kind of special force . airborne Ranger , maybe a navy seal . after that you ride shotgun for the CIA in some place like El salvador or Afghanistan , a real mercenary . ( beat ) only now -- now you be like the rest of we , it 's a very competitive market since the end of the cold war . there 's a lot of hire gun out here , and not nearly enough work to go around . SAM that 's right : there 's not hardly enough work this day , nothing that pay the big money , anyhow . then along come this job , pay so much goddamn money I could not afford not to take it . somebody 's pay through the nose for this . vincent they certainly be . whatever it be we be go to steal , it must be quite something . SAM whatever it be it must be goddamn priceless . and on that think we - CUT to : ext . a side STREET - night the fiat pull up to the curb and Vincent and Sam get out . Vincent lead Sam around a corner and they come to - a exquisite park , a small , perfectly manicure place -- a kind of mini- luxembourg garden in the middle of nowhere . when Sam see the park , he draw a involuntary breath . vincent Lovely , be not it ? SAM they would have to keep something like this under lock and key in New York , and it would still get fuck up . the two man enter the park , which be , indeed , open to the public . Inside , sit on a bench in the back , almost invisible from the street , we see - francois , a stubble - face tough with a stain shirt and bad tooth . Vincent and Sam draw near . this next conversation between francois and Vincent be in french with english subtitles . francois that 's good right where you be , Vincent . Vincent signal for Sam to stop . both Vincent and Sam be still several foot away from francois . vincent do you have it ? francois not so fast . ( nod slightly to Sam ) who 's that ? vincent he 's company . francois ( as if he recognize Sam ) bad company ... vincent what do you mean ? francois he 's a cop , Vincent , he 's french and he 's a cop and you better shoot he in the fuck head right now ! Sam have not say a word -- he do not seem to understand what 's be say , but he have note the urgency with which francois speak . now - we hold for a beat . neither Vincent nor francois pull out a piece to shoot Sam . instead they wait to see if Sam will respond in any way to what francois say . the conversation now switch to english , which ( it turn out ) francois speak fairly well . SAM ( to Vincent ) what 's go on ? vincent I just want to see something . SAM ( that edge creep into he voice ) see what ? Vincent be not go to answer , but the overbearing francois chime in . francois he want to see how you react when I say that you be a cop . SAM ( he can not believe this ) you tell he I be a cop ? francois he ask I to say it . SAM ( look at Vincent , truly piss ) he ask you to ? vincent I need to know . SAM you need to know a lot of shit , Vincent . francois ( to Vincent , in subtitle french ) be you ready ? francois 's french word give Sam pause -- he 's wonder what 's be say , as - Vincent move towards francois , leave Sam several step away . the conversation be again in subtitled french . vincent ( take out a envelope ) here 's yours . francois there 's be a slight problem . vincent ( immediately tensing ) what 's that ? francois give the slight of nod , indicate that Vincent should look towards a place perhaps thirty yard away - a copse of tree , where we see a sniper point a telescopic rifle at Vincent . francois ( still in subtitle french ) if you say a word in English , Vincent , my friend with the high power sport rifle will shoot you in the throat . sorry to screw you over like this , but the information you want might get I kill if I give it to you , and that 's a price I be not willing to pay . vincent ( in french ) I take it you still want the money ... francois ( in English , with a grin ) of course . sam' Pov : look at Vincent and francois . the man be talk , and from here we can not really hear they speak . all Sam can see be a earnest Vincent listen to francois talk , almost as if francois be give Vincent instruction . now - Vincent reach into he pocket , reach for the envelope of cash he 's carry . as he hand the money to francois , Vincent use he free hand to pull out he gun while - Sam already have he gun out -- somehow he figure out what be go on -- and now francois look on in stunne disbelief as - Sam fire a single shot , hit francois in the shoulder , drive he away from - Vincent , who now squeeze off several rapid fire shot at the sniper , while - francois , bleed but still very much alive , now have he piece free just as - the sniper , he gun fire wildly into the air , fall to the ground , shot dead by Vincent , and now - francois be draw a bead on Vincent when - Sam hit francois with a fusillade of bullet in the chest and now - a single spent bull casing fly through the air in slow motion and land on the ground , spin around until it come to a halt and - a heavy silence fall , as the last echo of the last gunshot finally die . Vincent and Sam look at one another , see that they be still alive , and then look back at - the two man they have shot . francois be not quite dead . blood bubbles from he lip as Vincent lean over he . again , they speak in subtitled french vincent where 's my information ? francois ( with a grim smile , point to he head ) in here ... vincent then you better find it in you heart to tell I , francois , because while you death be inevitable , it still be not decide how painful it 's go to be . a long angle - Vincent whisper in francois 's ear , whose grin blanch as he realize Vincent mean to hurt he . francois whisper something back and then - bang . Vincent shoot francois in the head , kill he instantly . then Vincent bend down and retrieve the envelope of money which francois have tuck inside he shirt . as Vincent do this , Sam come up from behind . SAM now would be a good time to get the fuck out of here . int . the fiat - later / night the two man drive in silence for a moment . Vincent light a cigarette and offer one to Sam , who refuse . finally , Sam speak . SAM you know , what you pull back there , that be bullshit . vincent I need to see if you be a cop . ( defensively ) I be a popular man with the police , Sam , and whenever they try to catch I they always do it with a inside guy -- some man on some job who seem more trustworthy than all the other put together . and that 's the guy you have to watch out for . ( beat ) I hate cop ... SAM ( insulted that Vincent would even consider it ) well I be not a cop . a beat , the two man drive in silence . vincent how do you know ? SAM know what ? vincent that there be a gun point at I . SAM I see you look off when francois nodd he head . I figure he be not point out a particularly rare shrub , and the rest be easy . vincent but how do you know I would have the presence of mind to pull my weapon when I do ? SAM ( as if it 's obvious ) because that 's what I would have do ... CUT to : ext . a apartment house - a little later / night Vincent 's fiat be park at the curb in front of this apartment house . Vincent and Sam exit the car and move towards the house -- a silence hang between they . right before they go into the house , Vincent take out the envelope full of cash that be suppose to have be for francois . he think for a moment and then hand the whole envelope to Sam . vincent you save my life back there in the park . I know this do not begin to make it right between we ... Vincent 's voice trail off -- he do not know what to say . Sam take the money out of the envelope -- half he keep for himself , the other he give to Vincent . SAM what I do back in the park I do because we be work together -- we be on the same team . ( hold up the money ) this be business -- this be work . we do it together , we share the spoil , even split . Sam open the door to the house , but Vincent have one last thing to say to he . vincent I owe you a heavy debt . Sam almost smile cynically at this : debt of honor do not seem to be something he believe in . SAM whatever you say . they enter the house and the door close behind they . a second later we hear - deirdre ( v.o. ) what would you do with the money ? int . the house - a little later Vincent and Sam sit with deirdre in a room , alone . they have tell she about the park , and she seem a little piss about all of this . vincent we keep it ... deirdre ( a little annoyed ) be that right ? SAM hazard pay ... deirdre ( with a exhalation of disgust ) the two of you be suppose to go to a simple meet and come back with a simple piece of information , and instead you go to fuck war ... SAM we be not real thrilled about it either ... deirdre shake she head in disgust and rise . we follow her into - a adjoining room - where Larry , swede and gregor be wait . they look up expectantly at deirdre , who cross through the room without stop -- she 's really piss about this turn of event . larry so what 's the deal ? deirdre ( barely stop , very snappish ) the deal ? the deal be we leave for Nice at first light . and she exit , leave this three man behind along with Sam and Vincent , who have enter from the other room . larry look at the two of they . larry what would you guy do ? ext . outside the house - later that night a car sit , cloak in shadow . Inside sit we friend , the watcher . once again we see the watcher 's knife -- once again he manicure he nail with it , almost delicately , as he watch the House . it 's dark -- a single light glow behind a window on the third floor . Sam 's room . int . sam' room - same time Sam have push all the furniture aside to make enough room to do a martial art form . right now he 's freeze , one leg extend in a kick , balance on the other leg . now - a knock at he door -- second later , it open . deirdre stand there , watch as Sam hold he position for a beat more , and then retract he leg . deirdre I feel as if I have wander onto the set of enter the Dragon . could you teach I to do that ? SAM I do not think to see you again tonight . you be pretty piss . deirdre I still be . SAM be that right ? deirdre that 's right . deirdre sping at Sam , throw martial art combination at he : punch follow by kick , elbow strike follow by palm thrust . Sam parry she blow as she drive he across the floor until he 's get he back to the wall . they movement be control , but powerful , and there 's something almost flirtatious about the whole thing . now - deirdre throw one last punch which Sam duck . he slip behind she and suddenly they square off in earnest . the previous martial art stuff be a kind of choreograph exercise , but now - they spar for real -- they never hit one another , but they come awfully close , hand and foot whizzing through the air , throw rapid-fire combination and technique . they be not angry , but they be not kid , either . finally - deirdre feint a punch that distract Sam 's attention from - the kick she throw right behind she punch , and she smile as - whump ! Sam be not distract at all -- he drop to the ground beneath she kick and catch she stand leg with a sweep which take she to the ground and now - she 's trap beneath he . the two of they be breathe hard from the exertion , they face close to one another , shine with sweat and excitement and - we have go from flirt to a almost primal seduction , and with they face only inch apart deirdre lean in to kiss Sam , and he 's about to meet she half way when he pull back . SAM part of I say I should just look at this as a perk . you know , a bonus . but then I remember you be you -- deirdre who use to belong to the ira -- and it occur to I that deceit and subterfuge come very naturally to you . deirdre ( kissing he very lightly ) nobody 's say they do not . SAM ( return the kiss , just as lightly ) and when I consider that , I have to wonder if you do not have some ulterior motive for be here , with I , right now . deirdre I probably do . ( pull he close ) but for the time be , I be willing to forget about it ... they finally kiss , slowly and then building in intensity , and as they start to make love the camera move up - through the build , floor by floor , until we have reach - ext . a rooftop garden - meanwhile deirdre and Sam be not the only one indulge in extracurricular activity . up here in this rooftop garden we find swede and gregor talk in hushed tone . gregor I would imagine that the great satisfaction in all of this will be kill the american . swede ( we know this be not true ) I have not think about it . understand I , gregor -- I take no pleasure in kill . it do not bother I one bit , but I do not get off on it . gregor a mean to a end , be that it ? swede that 's it . gregor ( he rise to leave ) then I guess we be set . swede there be one other thing ... gregor what 's that ? suddenly swede pull gregor down to the rooftop with a harsh thud . within second he have he gun press to gregor 's head . gregor what be you do ? swede do not cross I ... gregor nobody 's go to do that ! swede really ? gregor ( truly frighten ) I need you , swede , I can not do this without you ! swede ( beat , then he put he gun away ) I just want to make sure you know who you be deal with . gregor I do , I do ... swede be now on he foot , walk away , back into the apartment house . swede ( this be almost to himself ) just remember it , then . and he 's go . and as soon as he be , we notice something strange about gregor : he 's not the least bit scared -- he laugh a little low laugh as we - dissolve to : ext . the house - dawn gray light seep in from the horizon , while inside in - int . sam' room - same time deirdre be pull she dress over she head . Sam seem to be sleep in he bed as she move like a cat towards the door when - Sam 's hand reach out , gently yet firmly , and take she by the arm . SAM ( o.s. ) no goodbye ? another angle - Sam be somehow sit up , wide awake -- look at deirdre with a penetrate glance . deirdre look , Sam , do not take it the wrong way when I tell you we will not be do this again . SAM you do not have to explain yourself to I , deirdre . deirdre ( almost surprised by this ) I know I do not have to , Sam , it 's just that , for once , I want to . when I be a - ( almost with a sneer ) Patriot , it be a give I would sleep with any man it be deem necessary for I to sleep with . you know : any man who need set up . sometimes so we might blackmail he , sometimes so he could be kill . ( a quick beat ) sometimes so I could kill he myself . ira be not exactly a enlighten feminist organization , Sam . to most of the man I with I be always the girl . " send the girl to do it . " " tell the girl to take care of it . " " have the girl fuck he . " ( a quick beat ) but I look at you and I get this feel you take I for what I be : no more , no less . SAM you be a hire gun , deirdre -- just like I . deirdre exactly . and last night I want to be with someone who be just like I . somewhere in all of this deirdre have sit back down on the bed , and somehow now she 's only inch away from Sam . they be lip brush and - a mute phone ring in a nearby room , break the moment . a quick beat , then - deirdre I better be get that . SAM duty call ? deirdre ( with a trace of a sigh ) just business . deirdre give Sam a light kiss on the lip and then she open he door . the mute phone be a little louder now . deirdre close Sam 's door as she exit , but - Sam reach out a hand and catch the door right before it snap shut . he watch through the door crack as - deirdre cross the hall and open the door to she room , and now the phone ring loudly until the door shut , mute the sound once again , shutting Sam out . the phone stop ringing as deirdre answer and as this happen Sam shut he door and as the door close we go to - black . just for a second . and then - blinding SUN hit we in the eye as we find ourselves above - ext . nice - day a dazzling overhead moving shot , establish that we have change locale , move to a place fill with sun and blue water and reflective surface : the cote d' azure . we start to move down toward - ext . a private beach - nice - meanwhile a topless grandma recline on a beach chair , soaking up ray , sip a drinnk just deliver by a young stud of a waiter . nearby - at a round table - a nice distance from anyone who might try to listen in , we find we group : deirdre , Sam , Vincent , gregor , swede , and Larry . food and drink surround they . Larry be , of couse , still eat . deirdre now then , let 's run through it one more time , shall we ? ( to gregor ) what 's you job ? gregor I use my cell phone to get computer access to the telecommunication satellite use by we target . I trace he cell phone signature and use it to pin point he location as he move through Nice , relaying that information to you . deirdre ( to Larry ) next . larry ( a sigh , he 's do this too many time ) you call I with the target 's route , I follow along until we have reach the attack point and then I run he squag ass off the road . deirdre ( to swede ) which lead we to ... swede I ride with fat-boy ... larry ( under he breath ) eat shit and die slowly ... swede after we stop the target car I get out and use the heavy artillery to kill the driver and he bodyguard . larry I blast the lead car into oblivion ... vincent ( pick up ) while Sam and I take out the back two car ... deirdre leave ... swede ( pick it up ) ... leave I to step in , drop the target in the back seat , and get the package ... deirdre ( with a quick look at Sam ) while ... SAM ( return she look ) ... while I back he up , make sure to get the package if something go wrong and somebody take swede down . nobody else seem to notice this look between they , but we should -- if only to note that there 's something about the way deirdre query Sam about he role , and something about the way Sam answer she without overly reacting -- they be not flirt , but there 's a kind of acknowledgment of the history they now have between they . but -- nobody else notice , and swede 's line follow Sam 's without break the flow of the dialogue . swede nobody 's take I anywhere ... deirdre and then ... larry then swede and I split with the package and meet you back at the rendezvous . deirdre and then ... vincent and then Sam , you and I clean up whatever 's leave to be clean . deirdre very good . now all we have to do be live long enough to get pay . ext . a posh HOTEL - later - night a row of room , each one with a light behind a shade . even as we watch the light in each room go off : one two three four five six light -- one for each member of the team . the night before the big event nobody break curfew . across the STREET - a bar - through the bar window we see the watcher 's silhouette . a match flare as the watcher light a cigarette , revealing he face for the first time : weathered , sharp , treacherous . the match go out , and the watcher 's face fade to black , and so do we . fade in on : ext . the hill of nice - morning a private estate in the hill - a caravan of black armor plate car , all idling , ready to pull out , fill with muscular man in suit with bluge under they jacket , all of they wait for - the target . except we have seem he before and he be not call the target : he be the killer from the first scene of the film : the gunman in the cathedral who make off with - the briefcase . which the briefcase be still handcuff to he side . now the target get into he car , a black mercede , and as soon as he 's in the caravan pull out and - the target take out he cell phone , punch in a number and start to talk , and as he do we - pull back , into the AIR , leave the caravan behind as we move toward the water and - the promenade des anglais , the long roadway that run the length of the town adjacent to the beach . it 's a special place , a huge road for car , along with a promenade for tourist . here we come upon - a outdoor cafe - where we find deirdre , a laptop in front of she , wear a headset . and , lest we think she look out of place , we get a look at - the rest of the cafe - where many of the other patron be type away on laptop , or chatter like crazy on they cell phone . she type a sentence on she keyboard , and as she type she say it out loud . deirdre alright , gregor , I be ... CUT to : int . a cramped comptuer control room - same time gregor ( finish she sentence ) ready when you be ... gregor be sit behind a console , look at deirdre 's message , which we can read on he laptop . gregor also have a much bigger computer with he as well , and on this screen we see - a computer graphic map of nice . this be a map of incredible detail , a high - tech graphic rendering of Nice . now - the map start to shift , randomly move about the city as it search for the proper signal . the computer isolate a entire district of the city , enlarge a part of the district , and then locate and enlarge a single street . now - on screen a flashing cursor appear on the map , the target . the cursor start to move down one of the street of Nice and as we follow the curson it turn into - the target car , drive home the point that gregor be now lock onto the target . the japanese drum we hear in the open sequence start to play again -- softly , ominously , and we be on - ext . a side STREET where vincent's fiat be park at a curb , Sam and Vincent sit inside . int . the fiat Vincent sit behind the wheel , while Sam sit next to he , load a small arsenal of weapon . the drum grow , a little louder now , a little more urgent . ext . another STREET a volvo idle , wait for something , Larry behind the wheel of this car , and sit next to he swede . the drum continue to play , and they volume be still low , but they be jarring , set we nerve on edge . int . the volvo larry where be this broad ? swede you should learn a little patience . larry be that right ? swede it 's consider a virtue in some corner of the world . larry not in mine . the car phone ring , and swede push a button . deirdre 's Voice be hear on the speaker phone . deirdre ( v.o. ) hello gentleman , be we ready ? ext . the cafe deirdre look at she laptop and relay gregor 's instruction . she speak over she headset as if she 's conduct ordinary business -- as if she 's give someone traffic direct over the phone . the japanese drum continue , quiet and yet intense . deirdre you want to take a leave , then , so that you be go west . during this next sequence , the drum will continue to play , building with the action as we do - the chase montage : a series of cut as - the volvo take a fly leave turn - gregor watch the target on he computer as it move towards the promenade des anglais , type the result on he keyboard as - the volvo careen down a steep hill , hit a bump , and fly through the air a good fifteen foot , even as - the fiat follow close behind and hit the same bump , do the same flight through the air and land with a thud - the caravan of car - the target car - the target , still talk away on he cell phone - the computer map tracking the target 's movement , as the map shift and move as it keep pace with the target , and now - the promenade des anglais be right ahead and the drum build to a crescendo as - the volvo smashes into the target car and they grind together , as - car 3 &amp ; 4 in the caravan be cut off by Vincent 's fiat , which force they to slam to a halt , as - Larry run the target car to a halt and the japanese drum stop . Larry and swede hop out of the volvo , and swede brandish a monster of a machine gun , with which he open fire , a blast of huge guage shell spitting a trail of fire , smash against the windshield of the target car , which be bullet - proof . the windshield do not break right away -- but the heavy blast of firepower cause the windsield to buckle . Sam and Vincent be now out of the fiat , gun draw , blaze away at bodyguard , and Christ , there 's a army of they , pour out of Cars 3 &amp ; 4 . this guy be armed and return fire as - Larry get out of the driver 's seat of the volvo , and he 's get some kind of sumbitch weapon himself , a rocket launcher , which he point and fire - and now we track the missle as it scorch the air , travel towards - the lead car of the caravan which have only now realize what 's go on behind it , and as frantic bodyguard drive back towards the carnage - the missle impact , blow the car sideways . meanwhile - Sam and Vincent be take out the other bodyguard , and this guy be warrior -- they move as a team , each man with a gun in both hand , use a weapon until it 's out of bullet and then discard it in favor of a new one . and even as this be go on - deirdre have join the fray , fire both of she pistol , take Sam 's place at Vincent 's side so that Sam can run towards - the target car , where the target be seat in the backseat , pull out he own piece , ready to fight to the death himself as - swede continue blast away at the windshield with he monster gun , and now - the windshield have start to crack and splinter , and abruptly , it shatter , instantly burst a bright red as swede 's bullet tear up the body of the Driver . now Sam have reach the target car , just as the target , who be armed and , as we know , not exactly helpless , step out of the car and sight in on swede and - zing ! Sam fire , wing the target , knock the gun out of he hand and still the target will not give up without a struggle , he hit swede with the briefcase . the target fuck you ! swede not today . bang . swede put one shot between the target 's eye , end he life . now - swede take out a dai - sho , the smaller of the two traditional japanese samurai sword . with one slashing blow he hack off the target 's hand at the wrist and grab the briefcase . the severe hand be still catch in the handcuffs , so that it be carry along for the ride . now - distant siren sound from off screen as swede move back towards Larry and the volvo , and as he go he raise the briefcase ( with its severe hand ) in a kind of mock salute to Sam , who start to move back towards deirdre and Vincent , who have take care of the remain bodyguard , and now the siren be grow closer as we - start to move in slow motion as swede approach the volvo and - deirdre and Vincent be already at Vincent 's fiat , wait for Sam , and so they do not notice that - a van have be park nearby this entire time , and now the van 's side door slide open , and unseen by any of the other - gregor step out of the Van , a gun at he side , and a predatory look on he face as - swede reach Larry and the volvo just as - Sam have reach the fiat , and now he look back and see - gregor , crossing the street , and now - Sam scream a warning to Larry , but it 's way too late because - swede shoot Larry in the neck , hit he above the protective cover of he bullet proof vest . now we be moving in real time as - Larry manage to get he backup piece draw , a snub-nose .38 , and he fire all six shot into - swede , hit he in the stomach -- it 's the same way Larry shot the target in the warehouse . swede be send fly backwards , where he crash to the pavement . for a second we think he 's dead , but then he get up , in pain but alive , just as Sam predict . swede claw at he shirt to reveal that he too wear a bullet proof vest . by now - Larry have roll out of the volvo , crawl away but too weak to go far , and now - swede have Larry in he sight , he 's go to kill he . swede I do not particularly like kill , tubby , but I want you to know that this one I be go to enjoy . larry ( see something over swede 's shoulder ) I do not think so . swede turn to follow Larry 's gaze , and as he do - gregor walk into frame and put he gun right beneath swede 's chin . before swede can even compute this , gregor pull the trigger , fire straight up into swede 's brain . then , without even look at Larry , who be lie helpless on the ground - gregor take the briefcase and get into the volvo , drive off just as - Sam arrive , kneel down by Larry . the siren get louder . larry ( in shock ) he just ... I do not believe that son - of - a ... Vincent 's fiat come peel to a halt in front of they , Vincent and deirdre inside it as Sam manage to get Larry into the back seat . Sam do not get in the car yet as Larry say - larry ( still have trouble believe it ) we have be cross ... the siren reach a crescendo as a group of gendarme arrive , charge with automatic weapon draw . between the french cop and we heroes lie the shot up wreck of the target car , and now - Sam take out a grenade , pull the pin , and roll it across the ground , beneath the mercede , which the cop have just reach . second later - the car explode , cut off the cop , and as this happen , vincent put the pedal to the floor and get the fuck out of dodge . we start to slowly pull back on the remain of this battle : the dead body , the shot up car , the break glass , and that flame , smoking hulk of a mercede in the middle of the street . dissolve to : ext . the old CITY / nice - sunset the fireball of the car turn into a blood red SUN as it set in the western sky , tinting the stone building of the Old City a coppery red . we be moving through the Old City , through the twist and turn of what a american would call back alley but that pass for street in this place . it be quiet almost desert , then - a testosterone craze playboy whip he sport car through one of this street , engine whining , as we - move down yet another side street , and this sucker really be a back alley , you could not get a car down here if you try . finally , we come to - a rat trap of a old build , and we push tight on this building as we hear - larry ( v.o. ) what be this ? int . a back apartment - same time a syringe be plunge into Larry 's arm . Sam be tend to Larry 's wound . Sam seem to know what he 's do , as Larry be also hook up to a bottle of plasma hang on a make - shift stand . SAM ( answer Larry 's question ) it 's a cocktail . mostly demerol , cut with a little crank because we might need you awake in the real near future . larry Fine with fuck I , we get work to do . I do not care what it take , we be get we property back and put it into the hand of the people who be gonna pay we a great deal of money when we do . I do not know about the rest of you guy , but I be not the kind of guy to just sit back and take it in the ass . ( a quick beat ) I do not mean that in , like , a literal way ... deirdre of course . vincent find this package be a thing easier say than do . we do not even know what it be . ( he look at deirdre , and suddenly he 's deadly earnest ) what do we steal ? deirdre ( suddenly defensive ) I do not know . vincent when this whole thing start you make it clear : you be run the show . and I do not believe you would be run this show if you do not know what be go on . deirdre well I do not ! vincent and I do not believe you ... Vincent 's gun be out in the blink of a eye , at deirdre 's head , but she 's as fast as he be and she gun be draw as well , jamme into he stomach . deirdre ( suddenly feral ) you go shoot I if you want , Vincent , but you will be dead before I hit the ground . vincent ( match she intensity ) I do not want you dead , woman , I want the the truth ! SAM ( o.s. ) ( with a dead cool in he voice ) both of you ... another angle - Sam have the two of they cover with he gun - a interesting moment , because he can shoot either deirdre or Vincent , but not both at the same time . the question be : whose side be he on ? SAM ( continue without miss a beat ) ... put you gun down and chill out . a beat . and then Vincent and deirdre lower they weapon , follow by Sam . SAM like it or now , we be on the same side : we be here and the package be not . ( look at deirdre ) you be not the boss any more , you be we partner . so tell we what you know , so we can figure a way out of this mess . Sam 's look be not romantic , but it imply a level of trust base upon they physical intimacy . SAM now , what do we steal ? deirdre ( she hate to admit this ) I do not know ... ( defensively , off Vincent 's look ) well I do not ! it 's a goddamn mystery to I just like it be to you . ( quick beat , then reluctantly continue ) but I do know who we be work for . my people , and the Russian mob . larry you people ? who the fuck be you people ? vincent who do you think , Larry ? the ira . deirdre and you believe I ? ( passionately ) but it be not my people who do it . larry how do we know that ? SAM because if they have she would be go along with the package , instead of sit here with we . deirdre exactly . gregor , he be the Russian 's man . it be my people come up with the idea for this run , but the Russians who have the capital to finance it . gregor , he be they insurance , and I be ours . everybody else be suppose to be neutral . gregor must have get to swede ... larry I never do trust that blonde fuck ... deirdre that 's why you be riding with he . vincent the question still remain : what do we do now ? SAM ( he figure something out ) gregor 's cell phone ... larry ( to himself ) what be you gonna do , call he up and ask he to give we back we shit ? SAM ( ignore Larry , to deirdre ) do he bring that with he ? deirdre I buy it for he -- all the stuff he be use , it be in he contract . cost a nice penny , too , especially that goddamn phone : gregor have expensive taste . SAM check this out . ( he 's think on he foot ) gregor 's a spook , or he be one until recently . when he be a spy he live the life -- you know , a prince in some Eastern bloc country where nobody have shit and gregor have everything . then the wall go down . no more cold War . and gregor be out of a job . no apartment , no special store with western food and video tape . I would bet dollar against shit that gregor like that phone and he do not want to give it up . and I would not be surprised if he 's arrogant enough to think ... deirdre ( finish he sentence ) that we be too stupid to trace he call . deirdre and Sam share the slight of conspiratorial smile as they realize they be both think the same think : they might still win this one . ext . aix en provence - twilight we be on perhaps the most beautiful STREET in all of France : the cour mirabeau in the town of aix . outdoor cafe line the side of the street , while a canopy of interlock tree cover everything . now we be - moving , down the STREET , towards a cafe , where a dapper gent sit , sip a mineral water . the gent have a satchel at he foot . now - a jeep pull up to a nearby corner and idle in neutral . the dapper gent throw some bill on the table and get up , crossing to - the Jeep . a door open , and the dapper gent , carry he satchel , get into the jeep , which drive off as we - CUT to : int . jeep - same time gregor and the dapper gent drive in silence for minute , down the length of the cour mirabeau . gregor ( break the silence ) it 's a beautiful street , no ? the dapper gent also have a accent , a much thicker one than gregor 's ; it 's a accent that place the gent as a resident of what use to be call the Soviet Union . dapper gent ( he can not wait any longer ) do you have it ? gregor always in a rush , you be . all this year I have know you , you could never wait for anything . dapper gent this be important . gregor do you really think so ? dapper gent you know it be . gregor , still drive , take out a silenced pistol , and the dapper gent reach for he own piece . gregor relax ! the dapper gent lower he hand , leave he gun in he coat . gregor pull the van to a curb . gregor look over there . gregor &amp ; the gent Pov : through the windshield - a group of child be play . gregor ( o.s. ) do you see that one ? the girl in the light blue dress ? we find one particular little girl , around eight , hold the end of a jump rope , wear a light blue dress . she 's breathtakingly beautiful , and now - gregor raise he silence pistol , as if to shoot she . dapper gent what be you do , have you lose you mind ?!? gregor pull the trigger , as he do so the dapper gent jog he arm , and we hear the soft thwpfft of the silence shot just as the shot go off - miss its mark , harmlessly shoot into a tree , cause a single leaf to float to the ground behind the play child . nobody notice a thing . beat . the dapper gent be visibly shake , because there be no doubt that gregor would have kill the girl if the gent have not ruin he aim . dapper gent why do you do that ? gregor to make a point . I do not know she , and I be ready to splatter she brain all over the sidewalk . ( give the gent a look ) I do not particularly like you , so imagine what I will do if you try anything ... gregor leave he gun dangle in the air a moment longer than necessary and then start the jeep as we - CUT to : ext . a country road outside of aix - night a full moon cast a silver light over a field of wild grass . a soft wind blow , and the grass move gently from side to side . now - gregor 's jeep glide down this road as we move through to - int . the jeep - same time dapper gent ( squirming ) enough ! we have be drive for a hour , where be my package ? gregor smile -- he 's be wait for this . he pull the jeep over and look at the dapper gent . gregor it 's under you seat . dapper gent ( incredulous ) what ? gregor as my american friend Larry would say : be you fuck deaf ? it 's under you seat . the dapper gent look down , and sure enough , the edge of the briefcase stick out beneath the seat . dapper gent I can not believe you would do that , gregor . I think I train you better than that . with a laugh the dapper gent hand he satchel to gregor , whose eye literally dance with the prospect of he reward . he can not help himself , he open the satchel and there it be - cold hard cash in large bill , enough for gregor to live like a prince for quite some time . gregor suck in a involuntary breath and then look back up to see - the dapper gent have not reach for the briefcase . instead he 's take out he gun , and it 's only inch from gregor 's head . dapper gent I have never particularly like you either , gregor . the dapper gent yank out the briefcase , and as he do - the severe hand come whipping out along with it , still attach by the handcuff chain . the Hand fly up in the dapper gent 's face , and we notice that the Hand be start to rot -- it 's bloat and swell and horrific and it scare the shit out of the dapper gent , who drop he gun and fumble with the briefcase as - thwpfft ... we hear the sound of another silence shot as we - smash CUT to : ext . outside the jeep - same time a dark stain splashes against the passenger side window of the jeep . second later - the door swing open , and the dapper gent 's body plunk out onto the ground . a moment later , something wet and viscous plop down on the face of the gent as the jeep drive off . now - we hold for a beat on the dapper gent 's dead body , which lie in the silver moonlight , blood run out from beneath he , while the severe Hand palm the gent 's face , finger splay out around he head . now - we hear the sound of phone tone . and not just any phone ... int . the jeep - same time gregor finish punch a number into he cell phone . we hear a single ring on the other end of the phone before it be pick up . phone voice ( v.o. ) ( in Russian , English subtitles ) be it do ? gregor ( in English ) it 's do . beat . the phone Voice do not respond for a moment -- whoever this be they do not expect to hear from gregor . the Voice switch to English . phone voice ( v.o. ) gregor , be that you ? gregor ( with a low chuckle ) much to you disappointment , no doubt . phone voice ( v.o . ) it be a mistake , it should not have happen . gregor ( suddenly cold , furious ) I be in the middle of save you people a great deal of money -- the least you could do be have the decency to pay I ! beat . phone voice ( v.o. ) so what do we do ? gregor what I do be none of you concern . what you should do be wait for my next phone call . I be go to find a place where I can tilt the field in my favor . when I be ready , I will call you and tell you what I want you to do . the phone Voice say something unintelligible in Russian , cut off by gregor as he angrily snap off he cell phone and we - CUT to : int . the cheap apartment - dawn Larry snore on the couch , while deirdre sleep in a sleep bag on the floor . Vincent sit in a ratty easy chair , foot propped on a overturn crate , doze lightly . suddenly - Vincent 's eye open , warily , as if something have change in the room . he look around - no Sam . Vincent get up , take out he gun , and silently get to he foot . he move down a long hall and - no Sam . now , like a cat , Vincent move into - the bathroom : pitch black . he move in , swipe the string of the overhead light and - nothing . nobody 's here . the only place leave be the front door , and now Vincent approach . he open the door , gun still at ready , and move out into - int . the landing outside - same time this be a small building . there be no other apartment on the floor . at the far end of the landing , there be a small ladder which lead up to - the roof . and the door which lead to the roof be flap in a light wind . ext . the roof - same time Vincent burst onto the roof , gun straight out , finger on the trigger , only to find - Sam be there , he gun point at Vincent . a beat , then both man give little laugh and put they weapon away , like samurai so train in combat that they know when it 's safe to relax . SAM what 's go on ? vincent you be not around when I wake up , I think maybe something have happen . ( off Sam 's look ) this have be one very fuck up job , Sam , and I be not take any more chance on anybody ... ( a quick beat ) include you ... in answer Sam take out Vincent 's pack of cigarettes and toss they back to he . Vincent look almost delighted at this . SAM I come up here to sneak a smoke . vincent you be smoking ? SAM I hope you do not mind I take you pack . it be on the table . vincent ( very sincere , offer the pack ) please , help yourself . smoke as many you would like . Sam consider for a minute , and then take one . Vincent do so as well , and he search for he lighter , which he can not seem to find , because - Sam have it , and he light they cigarettes , and then hand the lighter back to Vincent . SAM ( a shrug of the shoulder ) I borrow that , too ... vincent ( puffing contentedly ) of course ... whenever you feel like it just help yourself . SAM I have a feel I be about to start buy my own . beat . the two man smoke in silence , look out at - the curve shoreline of nice - which glitter with thousand of light from the apartment building , and a thousand more from the car that travel on the road that lead into town : the promenade des anglais . vincent ( o.s. ) that be a bad bit of business , today . back on Sam and Vincent . SAM it be at that . vincent a lot of people die . SAM I have see a lot of people die before . vincent I have not . not like that . how do you get use to it ? SAM you do not . you just learn to live with it . vincent I will not lie -- there have be time when I have to do it , time when the only way to get out alive be to see that the other man do not . SAM we live in a singular world , my friend . vincent I never really think I be part of the world you move in , Sam , to tell you the truth . ( off he look ) I be a hood , a thief . Big time in a small time king of way . to the local police I be a prize , to the local hood I be a legend . but to a guy like you I be just another two bit hire gun . SAM you might be a hire gun , Vincent , but I get a feel you cost more than two bit . this conversation might have go further , but it be interrupt when deirdre poke she head up onto the roof . deirdre Christ , I be start to think that the two of you have throw it in and walk away . ( to Vincent ) there 's someone on the phone downstairs ask for you , and my somewhat limited french lead I to believe that he might have something to tell we about gregor . ext . the highway - later - night a car we have not see before , a citroen , hum up the french highway in the night , along on the road . it 's a postcard moment , but only for a moment . larry ( v.o. ) I be tell you ... int . the citroen - same time larry ( continue ) that I could be dead and I would drive better than you . deirdre be drive , and Larry -- much to he chagrin -- be in the passenger seat , watch she every move . deirdre ( very curt ) oh shut up ... in the back seat - Sam and Vincent have a map spread out . Vincent be trace gregor 's route so far , and we follow he red magic marker as it trace a line up the highway . vincent he 's go north . ( circle something on map ) that 's aix en provence , where he use the phone . Sam run he finger along the length of the highway on the map . destination : Paris . SAM ( make up he mind ) he 's go back . vincent not necessarily . he could go off road at any number of place . he might not even be in the country anymore . SAM it 's Paris . the route 's too indirect for anything else . a guy like gregor , he do not waste time on this road unless he have to be on it in the first place . otherwise , he would be out of the country by now . he 's go to Paris . ( beat ) now I just hope we can find he before he get there . deirdre if somebody else do not find he first . ext . the town of orange - day Orange , pronounce " au -ronge " , be a mid-size town of fifty thousand soul . it be small , charming , quaint , and it have one particular thing that no other town in France can claim - a ancient roman theater that have be painstakingly restore . we see this Roman theater from the outside , as we move through the street of the town , to the town square . it 's pack -- every seat in every outdoor cafe be fill with a tourist have breakfast . this normally quiet place explode one month out of the year , when a internationally famous music festival be hold in the Roman theater . we come upon - a table of american tourist : a family . dad be angry at Mom . dad Opera ? this be a opera festival ? mom I tell you that , Henry . dad I think you mean phantom of the Opera . you know , Andrew Lloyd weber , cat , that kind of thing . Mom and dad continue they discussion , but we have leave they behind , moving through the seat and cafe until we get to a cafe on the outskirt of the town Square . here , in the most remove table in the entire Square , we find gregor sit in the shadow of the trellis . unless you be on top of he you can not see he , but he can see everything perfectly . his cell phone sit on the table in front of he -- he pick it up and start to punch in a number . CUT to : ext . a rest stop on the highway - meanwhile the citroen be park among a number of other car . Sam be sleep in the back seat , while Vincent be see on a outdoor pay phone at the other end of the parking lot . deirdre and Larry sit at a nearby picnic table , eat french fast food , which we get a good look at as we - pan the length of the table , which be cover with pasta , grill sausage with dijon mustard , really good fry potato . in fact , everything that 's on this table be so far beyond the imagination of you average american truck driver that Larry can not contain himself . he 's stuff himself , wash everything down with the wine which be also sell at this road - side rest stop . deirdre drink coffee . larry ( mouth full ) this ... this be incredible . be the rest of Europe like this ? deirdre ( with a laugh ) some place , not all . Italy , for instance , they be serious about they food . but try bloody Britain , anywhere in the U.K. , you do not get much fancier than a deep - fry bar egg . food 's not we thing , you see . larry what be ? deirdre ( everybody know this ) best beer in the world know to man or God . larry ( with a snort ) best beer in the world ? budweiser for I , thanks . deirdre ( with unconceal scorn ) budweiser ? you talk to I of beer and you have the unbridle gall to mention budweiser in the same sentence ? that 's not beer ! Christ , it 's not even a poor excuse for rabbit piss . larry oh yeah ? whatta you drink , then ? deirdre I drink what every civilized man , woman and child in the world drink : guinness . vincent ( o.s. ) I hate to interrupt a conversation of such cultural depth ... CUT away to reveal : Vincent - who have finish he phone call and return to join they . vincent ... but we have get to get back on the road . Vincent rap lightly on the car window next to Sam 's head -- Sam 's eye shoot open : a light sleeper . all eye be on Vincent , who wait for a beat before he reveal he news . vincent we have get he . larry I be drive . ext . the town square - a little later - day gregor be seat where we see he last -- at the little table in the corner cafe . he 's be here for hour , observe the town Square , and now , he finally see what he 's be look for - two men , definitely not tourist here for the music , have enter the Square -- everything about this guy scream gunmen . now , as gregor watch - a punked - out teen come up to the man and hand they a small envelope . the gunmen look around the Square , try to see where gregor be , but he 's too far back in the shadow . the gunmen ask the Teen a question , to which the Teen can only shrug he shoulder . now - the Teen walk away , leave the gunmen to open the envelope and look at its content , which be quickly read . from off screen we hear the sound of gregor punch in a number on he cell phone . simultaneously , the gunmen finish read the instruction gregor have send they , and turn around to face - a pay phone . the phone ring , and one of the gunmen go to pick it up . ext . another STREET - meanwhile the citroen pull into town and slow to a crawl , cruise the street , look for gregor . int . the citroen - same time Vincent stare out of the window and see something that cause he to swear under he breath in french . it 's - the gunmen walk down the street . vincent I know that man . Sam frown : he also seem to recognize at least one of the gunman . none of the other in the car notice Sam 's reaction , but we do . the gunmen be head straight for - ext . the ancient roman theater - meanwhile the mid - afternoon SUN shine down on the open air Roman theater . the theater itself be almost two thousand year old . a semi-circle of seat surround a huge stage Wall , a massive structure which be one of the best preserve of its kind in the world . the gunmen enter at the bottom of the theater , hold ticket stub . they be with a Tour Group lead by a ancient geezer who speak in rapid-fire french . as the tour move off to see the stage Wall , the gunmen hang back and then separate from the crowd . ext . outside the theater - same time the citroen sit at a curb . Larry sit behind the wheel of the car , the getaway driver with the motor run . Vincent and deirdre be already walk towards the theater . Sam stay behind for a second to say something to Larry . SAM whatever you hear , whatever happen , when you partner come back out , you make sure you be here with the motor run . and on that note Sam follow after Vincent and deirdre . Larry do not notice it , but - the watcher have find they . he 's a block or so away , wear a two - day stubble of beard and hugging the shadow of back alley . cradle in one hand , barely visible but ominously present : he knife , which for one moment catch a glint of sun that hit we eye as we - CUT to : ext . inside the roman theater - meanwhile the gunmen have reach a point about midway up the coliseum - like staircase . behind they we can see the Tour Group , stand on the stage , be lecture to by the ancient geezer . in front of they the gunmen find - a exit which lead to a interior hall . Inside the exit it 's dark , while a bright sun fall down on the gunmen . they look into the dark , unable to see a thing , while a voice come at they from out of the dark . gregor ( v.o. ) thank you , gentleman , that will do nicely . in the hall - on gregor . it 's dark in here . there be no light , no torch . from the dark in here , he can look out and see - the gunmen , who make plain target , backlit as they be by the sun . now we CUT back and forth between this two angle , and it become clear that gregor have choose wisely -- he can see he quarry , but they can not see he . gregor edvard , be that you ? edvard , the more dangerous look of the two gunmen respond . edvard yes , gregor , they send I . gregor I be touch , really , that they would send someone of you caliber . it 's nice to know that they do not make the mistake of underestimate I twice . edvard that be a mistake , try to kill you . mikhi do it without consulting I , I would have never allow it . gregor I be sure . but I be sorry to say that it 's too late for trust : we have a serious problem . edvard we will double you price . gregor ( now that 's interesting ) really ? do you have the money with you ? edvard do you have the material ? gregor you first , edvard . edvard perhaps we could both go at the same time ... gregor ( a short laugh ) I think not . ( with a flourish ) after you ... a gun come into frame , trigger cocked , the barrel place to gregor 's temple . SAM ( o.s. ) after you , asshole . gregor stiffen , as we pull back on Sam , who have snuck up on gregor and get the drop on he . SAM you might have be one mean technical spook , gregor , but you would not have last a week in the field . CUT to the gunmen be Pov : look into the tunnel - it 's dark , they can not see a thing , but they have hear Sam 's voice and they know something 's wrong . edvard gregor , be you alright ? deirdre ( o.s. ) gregor 's fine ... CUT away to reveal : deirdre - she 's snuck up on the gunmen , weapon draw . deidre ( continue ) ... but I think you be in a bit of trouble . the gunmen reach for they piece and as they do - vincent ( o.s. ) do not even think it . CUT away to reveal : Vincent - and he piece be also out -- the gunmen be trap , and they know it . now we notice that - the ancient geezer and he Tour Group be come towards we . meanwhile , back in - the tunnel - Sam be grill gregor furiously , he gun still to gregor 's head . SAM do not talk to I unless you tell I what I want to hear , understand ?!? you have no choice in this , do not think about win , think about stay alive . I want the item , and if you do not give it to I , I be gonna kill you . gregor ( a panicky hiss ) I do not have it with I ... SAM bullshit ! gregor I swear ... SAM then where be it ? gregor I send it to myself in Paris . SAM send it where ? gregor a post office box . suddenly gregor run forward , towards the exit . Sam run after he , tackle he just as they reach - the outside , where the two man roll into plain sight of - the gunmen , who be still cover by Vincent and deirdre . now we notice - that the ancient geezer and he Tour Group be really close , no more than ten yard away , as - Sam have gregor pin face first on the ancient stone of the theater . he look up at the other , and that 's when it happen - edvard look at Sam and recognize he . edvard ( stunne , announce to the group ) do you know who he be ? he 's with interpol , the internation Police . he 's a cop . a slow motion beat . Vincent and deirdre do not know what to make of this , they head turn to look at Sam , and in this instant - the Tour Group walk into they midst and - the 2nd gunman reach for he piece and - Sam fire he gun at the 2nd gunman , and with the sharp report of the pistol we move back to real time , as - the crowd panic , scream , and now edvard be reach for he weapon , as - Sam shoot again , kill the 2nd gunman , and now - the crowd be still scream and run as - gregor shove through the crowd into the exit , as - deirdre push through the crowd , and now she 's make it into the tunnel . now we go - outside the theater - where Larry have hear the shot -- he piece be draw , but he 's be order to stay in the car . in frustration he slam on the steering wheel , as we see that - behind Larry , the watcher be slowly close in , knife poise to strike as we go back - into the theater - edvard try to get to the exit , but there be too many tourist in he way , and he proceed to shoot several of they , include the dad we see earlier . second later , edvard have vanish into the tunnel , and now - Vincent and Sam meet in the middle of the crowd . there be time for a quick beat , while Vincent glare at Sam . vincent you be a cop ... you be a fuck cop ... I should kill you . SAM but you can not . and now Sam run into the tunnel , after the other , leave Vincent for a fraction of a second to sigh , and then follow Sam into - the tunnel - it 's like be in the tunnel and ramp of a sport arena . except that everything here be make of stone and the only light come from the sun which stream in through the exit opening which be space far enough apart that they provide just barely enough light for we to see . now we do a series of quick cut - Sam run , follow by - Vincent , while - edvard take a wrong turn down a dark hall and come to a dead end . he turn around , look for a way out as - gregor see the final exit ahead of he as we go - out in the STREET - Larry be still behind the wheel of the citroen , anxiously look at the exit , not realize that - the watch be almost on he , and now we be back - in the tunnel - deirdre come run around a corner , and now she 's almost reach the exit as - out in the STREET - gregor hit the street run . he do not notice the citroen park ahead , because he 's never see it before , but as he run by - the car door swing open and gregor run straight into it . he smashes into the door and fall to the ground , injure . strong hand reach out of the car and pull he in . it 's the watcher , and let 's give he a name now because he need one : seamus reilly . seat in the front seat be - a very dead Larry . seamus have cut he throat from ear to ear . seamus ( to gregor , with a irish accent ) if you want to live you will do exactly as I tell you . through the back window - deirdre appear , exite the theater and run towards the citroen as we go back to - int . the tunnel - same time Vincent , gun draw , move warily down one of the tunnel . outside we can hear the dim sound of a approach siren . Vincent turn a corner and - a gun jam itself into he face . it 's edvard . edvard where do I know you from ? vincent Vienna . edvard of course ... I remember . I quite like you , I be sorry to have to do this . edvard 's finger tighten around the trigger , when - SAM ( o.s. ) hey ... edvard be startle by the sound of Sam 's voice . even as he squeeze off the shot , edvard turn to look at Sam , and as he do so , Vincent strike out at the gun , send the shot awry , cause it to - ricochet wildly , whining around the room , until it - rip through Sam 's side , a nasty wound but not fatal , as - edvard try to fire another shot but it 's too late , because - Vincent fire a single shot to the head that kill edvard . ext . outside the theater - meanwhile deirdre have reach the citroen . she look in and see seamus and gregor . lastly she look at the dead Larry . she sigh in disgust , but otherwise do not react as if surprised . deirdre cold cock the poor son-of - a-bitch would have suffice , seamus , do not you think ? scant second later - Larry 's body hit the street as the citroen drive off , deirdre behind the wheel just as - Sam and Vincent run out of the theater , with Vincent help a wounded Sam who bleed from the wound in he side . they arrive at the street only to see - Larry , lie dead in the street , even as the citroen speed away from they , turn the corner before they can even think to raise they gun . vincent that double -crossing bitch . Sam be not even capable of say that much -- he just stare after the depart citroen with a look on he face unlike any we have see in the film : " how the hell do that happen ? " but there 's no time to ponder this because they have be join by - a cop . he 's a local guy , he direct traffic and bust drunk in the town square -- and he 's scared shitless , hold he gun in both hand , try not to tremble , as he stare back at - two gun , Sam 's and Vincent 's , and they be both point at the cop. long beat . in the way off distance , another siren can just be hear . Sam and Vincent glare at the cop , who strain with all he might to control himself , but he can not because Sam and Vincent be death wait to be serve . the cop know he have three second to make up he mind . two. one . the cop put he gun on the ground and step back , raise he hand in the air . now - Sam and Vincent stumble into the street , and be instantly almost hit by - a car speed around the corner , its Driver oblivious to what 's go on . the car screech to a halt , and the Driver curse loudly in french . and then the next thing the Driver know - a gun be in he face . the door be yank open and the Driver be yank out , as we - CUT to : ext . a back road - later / early evening the town of Orange be just visible below we as the commandeer car drive up into the hill . Vincent be behind the wheel , while the wounded Sam sit in the passenger seat . gritting he tooth , Sam peel back he shirt to get a look at - the wound , and it 's small but bad -- the ricochet rip a small raw hole in Sam 's side . the wound bleed , but moderately so -- no major organ or artery have be hit . vincent that make twice now you have save my life . SAM I do not save you life back there . risked it , maybe -- but I do not save shit . vincent you see it you way , I will see it mine . you need a doctor . SAM ( hopeful ) you know one around here ? somebody you trust ? vincent no ... I think I would take you to the hospital . SAM ( sharply ) no hospital . I will fix this myself if I have to . vincent ( he can not believe this ) fix it yourself ? ( a think come to he ) why be we even do this ? there 's no need to run , Christ ... ( he can not disguise he disgust ) you be a cop . SAM not exactly . vincent you be with interpol -- you be a cop . SAM if I be a cop , a real cop , I would have bust you a long time ago . this be not about you , it 's about the job I have to do . vincent and what job be that ? SAM my job , Vincent , a job you do not need to know about . I can not go to the local cop -- they would never be able to get close enough at this point . it 's I or nobody , and I have be on this job too goddamn long not to finish . beat . Sam take out he own pack of cigarettes , offer one to Vincent and take another for himself . they smoke for a second , before Vincent speak . vincent it look to I like we be all that 's leave of we group . SAM we ? there be no we in my world now , Vincent , just I . vincent I be go with you . SAM this do not involve you , do not you understand ? I can not even guarantee you any money out of all this . vincent it be not about money for I , not anymore . SAM you do not have to do this . vincent ( with great finality ) yes I do . Sam give Vincent a look and shake he head in disbelief -- Vincent 's loyalty and sense of honor be something he 's never see before , and Sam can only smoke in silence and consider this as we - CUT to : int . a cheap back room - night a peephole slide open , and we look through it into - int . a adjoining room where gregor sit , bound and gag in a chair , he eye wide with fright . now - the peephole snick shut , and deirdre turn to face seamus Reilly . deirdre when we be do with this , I want to do for that one myself . seamus now there 's the deirdre I know . deirdre and what 's that suppose to mean , seamus Reilly ? seamus it mean I be worried that all the time you spend away from the fold might have affect you . you have be live the life of the hire gun -- the well pay hire gun , I might note . there 's no glory to it , but there be that that like it . deirdre so you think that maybe I would grow too attach to this charade I have be play , be that it ? seamus it 's be know to happen . deirdre not to I , you know that . seamus ( goad she ) I think I do . seamus 's taunt work : deirdre whip out she gun and put it to he head . deirdre I guess you do not know I , then , if you think I will not kill you for a insult like that ! seamus glare at deirdre for a moment , and she glare back at he until he start to laugh . seamus just testing , lass . forgive I , but I have to do it . deirdre glare a moment more and then put away she gun . deirdre remember what we agree on , seamus : when we get home , I do not play " the girl " again . deirdre give seamus a look to make sure this last point be clear and we - CUT to : ext . a farmhouse - the country - night the stolen car park behind a barn , and Sam and Vincent get out . wait for they be a friend of Vincent 's - jean - pierre , a frenchman in he forty , hearty , burly , friendly . vincent hello , jean-pierre . jean -pierre hello , my friend . ( with a look at Sam ) he do not look french to I , Vincent . SAM american . jean - pierre well , Vincent 's american friend , shall we see what we can do for you ? int . the farmhouse kitchen - later / night surgical implement - be laid out on a clean cloth . scalpel , forcep , a clamp , a sponge , medical thread and needle . we pull back to reveal : Sam , stretch out on the kitchen table . around he we see - Vincent and Jean - Pierre , who be wear rubber glove and examine Sam 's wound . Jean - Pierre hold a mirror up so that Sam can see what 's go on . Sam , with he medical training , be treat himself . vincent ( to Sam ) it 's right there , beneath the surface . I can just make it out . Sam be in terrible pain , but necessity dictate that he focus on what 's go on so that he can talk Vincent through this next procedure . jean -pierre be you sure you will not have a drink ? SAM ( sharply ) no booze ... pain 's in the mind , and the mind I can control . ( quick beat ) alright , let 's do it . during this next sequence , we CUT back and forth between Sam 's reaction to the surgery , and the mirror itself where he 's watch . SAM douse the wound with alcohol . Vincent pour a healthy splash of rub alcohol onto the wound and - Sam grit he tooth as the pain explode up he central nervous system . SAM ( to Jean - Pierre ) take that sponge and wipe away as much of the blood as you can , keep it clean so I can see . Jean - Pierre do as Sam say , wiping away the blood that keep fill the wound . throughout the procedure Jean - Pierre will do this ; every time the sponge be saturate he squeeze the excess blood into - a bucket which sit on the floor , slowly fill up with dripping from the sponge . SAM ( to Vincent ) take the clamp ... Vincent pick up the clamp . SAM peel back the skin and attach the clamp . Vincent attaches the clamp to Sam 's wound . it take perhaps fifteen second , and everyone of that second be agonizing for Sam . he sweat , he grit he tooth , he grunt the smallest of grunt . but he do not move . finally Vincent be do . vincent alright , it 's do . SAM you see the bullet ? vincent clearly . SAM good . now take the forcep , and remember , Vincent , what we be do here be routine . I have do stuff like this at least twenty time in the field . there be no vital organ where you be work , no major muscle or artery -- you can not kill I . just make sure you have get the bullet before you try to pull it out . Vincent probe the wound with the forcep . this take probably thirty second , and it hurt even more then when the clamp be attach . several time - Vincent seem to have the bullet in he grasp , but it slip , and each time it slip - Sam make the smallest of noise , as if to indicate the level of the pain . finally - the forcep firmly grasp the bullet , and with a single tug , Vincent extract it . vincent ( hold the bullet aloft ) a souvenir ... he toss the bullet through the air , and we follow it in slow motion as it land in - a saucer , which sit on the kitchen counter . we be back in real time , as the bullet roll around the plate for a second before come to a halt . now - Sam breathes the hugest of sigh , and he face relax . instantly , Vincent put a light cigarette in Sam 's mouth , and he drag deeply on it . SAM ( to Vincent ) you think you can stitch I up on you own ? jean -pierre do not worry , we will take care of it . SAM then if you do not mind ... ( he hand the cigarette back to Vincent ) I be gonna pass out . and that 's exactly what he do . a time CUT to : int . farmhouse live room - later that night Vincent and Jean - Pierre sit on easy chair . a open bottle of wine sit between they , a FIRE burn in the fireplace , and they smoke in a content silence for a moment . when they speak , it be in french , with english subtitles . jean -pierre he 's tough , you american friend . vincent yes , Sam 's tough alright . jean -pierre and you respect he . vincent of course . do not you ? jean -pierre I have never see a man who could have take what he just go through . ( beat ) he 's a cop ? vincent ( beat , try to find a way to say it ) not exactly . jean -pierre not exactly ? but close enough , eh? ( beat ) so he save you life , then ? vincent how do you know ? jean -pierre if he have not you would have put a bullet in he head a long time ago . both man stare back into the fireplace and we hold for a beat before we - dissolve to : int . the farm - kitchen - dawn Sam be awake . pale from the loss of blood , he move softly around the kitchen , search professionally for something , give the moment a slightly dangerous feel because he seem so intent on what he 's do and then he find it - the coffee . ten minute later - a stream of hot coffee migle with a stream of steam milk . ext . the farmhouse porch - sunrise a steaming CUT of coffee sit in Sam 's hand as he light a cigarette to go with the coffee . he sit on a ancient chair , smoking in silence , look out at - the wood around the house , and this place be postcard - beautiful , the french farmhouse you see only in picture . but Sam 's mind be elsewhere , he 's stare into space , lose in think . jean - pierre ( o.s. ) you be feel better ? another angle - Jean - Pierre stand in the open front door of the farmhouse , with a cup of coffee . now , Jean - Pierre move out to join Sam , sit down on another chair opposite he . SAM ( respond to the question ) some , thanks . enough to move on , for now . jean - pierre ( point at Sam 's wounded side ) you should really let a doctor look at that . SAM soon . jean -pierre but first you have something to take care of ? SAM yeah . jean - pierre something important ? a thing that can not wait ? SAM it get do now or not at all . another couple of day and the party concerned be go where I can not get they . jean - pierre forgive my intrusion into you affair , but I be the one who connect Vincent to this job , he agent , if you will . he be one of my oldest friend and I owe he a great debt , much like the debt I suspect he owe you . a quick CUT to : inside the farmhouse where Vincent have just pour himself a cup of coffee and light a very satisfy cigarette when he hear the voice from outside . SAM ( o.s. ) Vincent do not owe I a thing . Vincent look up when he hear he name and he move towards the sound of the voice . jean - pierre ( o.s. ) he see this differently , as you well know . SAM ( o.s. ) I do not expect that he would . back on the porch - jean -pierre you suffer through a agonizing pain last night , pain you could have avoid by declare yourself a agent of the law . SAM Vincent tell you that I be a cop ? jean -pierre not a word . but no ordinary criminal would have the extensive military and medical expertise you do . and so I place the piece of the puzzle together in a way that make sense to I . you work for some government agency and you carry a gun , and in my world , that make you a cop . and now Jean - Pierre produce a long barrel revolver which he place loosely in he lap -- a gesture which seem to say , " you would better explain thing to my satifaction or we be gonna have a problem . " Sam notice the weapon , but he do not react overtly . SAM so this be what , a test ? jean -pierre call it a reckoning of character . beat . Sam look at the revolver again . SAM if I be healthy , I could take that away from you . jean - pierre perhaps . but you be not healthy , and if you try I will kill you . quick CUT to : Vincent - who stand inside the house , out of sight , but not out of ear shot . he 's listen to everything , and we notice that Vincent have take out he own gun . back on Jean - Pierre and Sam . by now Jean - Pierre have raise the pistol . he do not point it at Sam , but he finger cock the hammer . SAM so what be it you want to know ? jean -pierre I suppose I want to know how a man like you be create . SAM created ? jean - pierre perhaps forge be a better word . like steel . like a sword . you be a modern samurai . I have spend my life around extraordinary man -- man like Vincent . but I have never see anyone like you . ( beat ) I be afraid Vincent will die if he go with you . SAM Vincent 's life be he own burden ; he will have to carry it for himself . and I be not any kind of samurai . jean -pierre you seem one to I . SAM a samurai have honor , a samurai live by the code of bushido , the way of the warrior . I be just a killer for hire . ( beat ) the world be not about honor , anymore . it 's about survival . long beat . something in Sam 's speech touch Jean -pierre . he relax he finger on the hammer . jean - pierre survival . I suppose that 's as good a cause as any . back on Vincent - who relax he grip on he gun . back on Sam and Jean - Pierre - and we be pulling back , away from the farmhouse , which glow in the morning sun as we - dissolve to : ext . a paris STREET - day a black compact car sit in front of a parisian Post Office . Inside the car , behind the wheel , we see deirdre . now , come out of the Post Office , we see - gregor and seamus Reilly . seamus have a coat sling over he arm , hide the gun which he keep press to gregor 's side . there 's no sign of the briefcase as seamus and gregor get into - int . the car - SAM time thunk ! the door slam shut . gregor and seamus be in the back seat . almost instantly seamus angrily snap a pair of handcuffs on gregor . immediately , deirdre pull out . deirdre where 's the case ? gregor ( nervous ) there 's a problem ... seamus ( jump all over he ) Problem my ass ! I think you be lie to I , and if you be you be a dead man ! deirdre would somebody tell I what fuck well happen in there ? seamus ( disgust ) nothing . gregor ( eager to explain ) the package do not come . I be sure it will tomorrow . suddenly seamus seem to lose it . he grab gregor and slam a gun against he head . seamus ( he 's almost foam at the mouth ) if you be lie to I you poor excuse for a human be , I be gonna blow you brain all over this car . gregor ( beyond desperate ) I swear , it have to come here ! it have to ... beat . for one tension - fill moment , we think seamus be go to splash gregor 's brain all over the place . but then he smile , put he weapon away , and pat gregor gently on the face . seamus ease up , man ... I be just check to make sure you be on the level . gregor be beyond speech -- he can only whimper . seamus and it seem to I I see a sign in there that say they get a late afternoon delivery . why do not we come back later today and do this all over again , huh ? seamus smile a smile that be more than a little bit sadistic . neither gregor nor deirdre smile in return as we - CUT to : ext . another STREET - paris - day the eiffel tower fill we eye . and then we pull back to reveal that it 's a tacky , flyblown poster on a dingy street . and now we be - moving down the Street , until we come to a store whose sign advertise in English - hong kong movie . the window of the store be fill with poster . we move through to int . the store - same time tony simon , a expatriate black american , run this place and life above it . his shelf be line with action film make in the Far East . tony know everything there be to know about the film he sell -- but he also know quite a bit about what 's go on in the parisian underworld . he 's a professional information broker . right now he 's talk to a customer in perfect french , with English subtitles . tony hey , man , they be both great movie . one be more of a character study , the other be more of a straight action thing , but they be great movie , and he 's a amazing fuck filmmaker . tony look up and see something that catch he attention . tony Excuse I ... Vincent and Sam have enter the store . Sam 's ability to be back on he foot in such a short time be amazing -- but we can see that he 's not the same guy he be at the start of the film . what he do from here on in he do by sheer force of will . now - tony move to join they , and the conversation immediately turn to English . tony ( to Vincent ) my man , how you do ? vincent I be alright . and you ? tony do well . ( with a look at Sam ) this be ? vincent a friend . I be tell he about how you always have the latest tape . tony why do not we step into my office ... tony 's office , it turn out , be the area behind the counter . tony raise a section of the counter that allow he to get to the other side , and then he close it behind he . tony so what can I do for you ? Vincent check out the store before he start speak . the place be empty except for - the single customer tony be just talk to . the customer be still consider the two film tony be show he . vincent I be wonder if you have any movie that be particularly new . tony matter of face there 's this flick I have be hearing about . I have not see it , but from what I hear it 's pretty cool . SAM what 's the story ? tony it 's a international thing . several different people involved , criminal from all over the world , expert bring together to do a job . but maybe the most interesting thing about it be that preeminent in the plot we find the Russian mob and the ira in bed together . a unlikely group of partner . vincent do you have the tape ? tony I might know where you could get a copy . the customer approach the counter . he have both tape with he . tony ( to Vincent and Sam ) let I do some business with my boy here , and I will meet you across the street in five . I gotta make home here feel like he 's get a good deal while I give he the pleasure of overpay I for a couple of second generation pirate . ext . the STREET outside - a few minute later the customer exit , smile and carry he tape -- what a great fuck deal he just get ! a few second later , tony come out and lock up the store front . he cross the street towards - int . a falafel joint - a few minute after that a huge falafel drip lettuce and tahini sauce from its end . we pull back on - tony , who 's just take a bite out of the falafel . he sit at a table in the back with Vincent and Sam . tony ( he mouth full ) what I have hear so far , it 's all a lot of talk . I be not so sure what to make of it at first , cause , like I say , the irish and the Russians be a unlikely mix . vincent you say you might know where we can get a copy of this tape ? tony all depend on whether you want the Russian or the gaelic language version . SAM ( instantly ) gaelic . tony you sure ? SAM I be sure . vincent ( to tony ) can you get it ? tony the Russian would be easier . SAM why 's that ? tony Cause the Russian production company would be easier to find . SAM it 's the irish tape we want . tony ( with a sigh ) gonna be tough . tony scribbles something on a piece of paper . tony last I hear there be a film rep for the irish player stay at this address , name of seamus Reilly . SAM ( repeat it , he know this name ) seamus Reilly . vincent ( to Sam ) you know he ? SAM I know of he . tony seamus Reilly , boy 's a serious irish auteur -- a real firebrand . thinks he more moderate filmmake brethren have turn to make movie for peace - loving pussy , if you see what I be say . vincent I get the picture . Sam reach for the piece of paper , but Vincent put he hand on top of it . vincent tony and I have to talk some business , first . tony I gotta try and overcharge he , he have to moan about the price , we settle somewhere in the middle . vincent it 's a matter of respect . ( to Sam ) why do not you wait outside , this will not take long . Sam smile slightly and rise from the table , move towards the exit . behind he in rapid-fire french , tony and Vincent be now discuss the price of the information . they be both loud and abusive , and obviously they be enjoy themselves immensely . ext . the falafel shop - a little later - day Vincent exit the shop and get into - int . the peugeot where Sam sit in the passenger seat as Vincent slide behind the wheel . Vincent toss Sam a piece of paper . SAM the irish representative ? vincent yes . Vincent give Sam another piece of paper . SAM what 's this ? vincent the address of the Russian production company . just in case we need to find they . SAM thorough man . Vincent start the car and we - CUT to : ext . a paris STREET - later - afternoon the peugeot sit , park at a cub , a discreet distance from - a apartment house : 35 rue de glacon . we push in on the - int . the peugeot - late afternoon a piece of paper scarwle with the same address : 35 de glacon . we pull back to reveal - Sam , hold this paper and look out at the apartment complex . SAM you sure you friend get the right place ? vincent if tony say this be it , then it 's it . beat . Vincent want to know something important . vincent tell I , Sam : why do you do this ? SAM do what ? vincent continue when it would be so much easier to give it up . SAM it 's my job . vincent then quit . ( beat ) you do not work for interpol , Sam . SAM sure I do . you hear he , you hear the guy -- that 's what he say , what edvard say . vincent it 's a cover , then . a cover within a cover , a feint within a feint . ( quick beat ) you work for the CIA , it 's the only possible answer . long beat . Sam consider what to say , and then decide he owe Vincent the truth . SAM I be a field agent -- last of a already extinct breed . I do dark op . vincent Dark op ? SAM Dark operation . wet work . kidnape . assassination . vincent very ugly . SAM it be at that . vincent not very zen of you , huh ? not so much the modern samurai after all . SAM I never make that claim . vincent I know . Jean - Pierre do . SAM you be behind the door ? vincent I be wait to see what would happen . I do not want to kill he if I do not have to . SAM you would have do that ? vincent I would have try not to . but yes , if it would have keep he from shoot you , I would have . SAM ( almost to himself ) how could you have do that ? vincent because I owe you . ( he see something ) look at that ... there Pov : through the windsheild - deirdre exit the apartment building . SAM ( o.s. ) ( quietly exultant ) all thing come to that who wait . now deirdre be follow by seamus and gregor . vincent ( o.s. ) ( really surprised by this ) he 's not dead . back on Sam and Vincent . SAM ( figure it out ) they do not have the package . vincent you think ? SAM you say it yourself : gregor 's not dead . if they have the package , they would have kill he . Vincent and Sam exchange a look -- now they both figure it out . vincent &amp ; SAM ( simultaneously ) they be go to get it . CUT to : int . the post office - late afternoon a hand sign a receipt , and we pull back to reveal gregor at a counter , signing for he package , which slide across the counter . it 's the briefcase , although it 's be wrap in brown paper for its journey through the french postal system . now we see that - seamus be still right beside gregor ; be , in face , almost on top of he , with a hand in he coat pocket which let we know where he gun be . now - the two man start to move towards the exit as we - CUT to : ext . the STREET outside - a minute later / late afternoon the Black compact car idle at a nearby curb , with deirdre behind the wheel . she 's stare so intently at the front of the post office , that she 's surprised when a shadow fall across she . she look up to see - Sam , stand next to the car . deirdre start to reach for she weapon , but Sam cut she off with a word . SAM do not do it ... something in he voice convey enough of a threat that she back off . now she and Sam exchange a long look . deirdre well , if it be not Mr. interpol himself . ( she really sound betrayed ) I can not believe I misjudge you like I do . SAM oh please .. you be on some sort of holy mission ? deirdre I be a patriate . SAM do not even think that I be buy that . deirdre where do you get off say word one ? all the time pretend to be one of we , it 's the same thing we be do , seamus and myself . and here you be so high and mighty , like you be so different from the rest of we . SAM I do not say I be . deirdre ( she see something ) bloody fuck hell ... CUT away to : gregor and seamus be leave the post office . by now , seamus have take the package away from gregor . unseen by this two man - Vincent be approach from the side , on a intercept course , he hand inside a bag which he carry with he . now - deirdre turn and shoot Sam a look . he 's still watch she keenly , and we can see that she 's aching to reach for she piece , but she can not because Sam be still on she like a hawk . SAM do not even think it . he pull back the fold of he suit jacket , revealing he gun , put he hand comfortably on the pistol grip . SAM I would kill you before you have it halfway out . Vincent be close on gregor and seamus , another ten second and he will have they . now - deirdre look back at Sam , then back at the situation develop in front of she , and then suddenly - she slam the car into gear and drive off , tire squealing while - Sam pull he piece , sighting down the barrel and - he can not do it , can not shoot deirdre . now - the sound of the car alert seamus , who turn in time to see - Vincent , who be raise the bag wrap around he hand as - the car fly directly at - Vincent , who if force to jump out of the way even as he pull the trigger of the gun hide within the bag . the end of the bag explode in a burst of fire , but the shot be off the mark - miss seamus and gregor as - Vincent roll out of the way , just in time , while - deirdre brake the car to a scream halt , as seamus push gregor in ahead of he and then get in . second later , the car pull out , even as - Sam drive up in the peugeot to Vincent , who pick himself up off the ground and leap into the car . the last thing we hear be the sound of Sam 's Voice as the peugeot drive off . SAM ( v.o. ) put you seatbelt on . CUT to : int . / ext . - car chase montage during this sequence , we will jump CUT between the two car and the street they travel through . now - the Black compact car fly down a small street , follow closely by - the peugeot , where Sam be drive as Vincent try to steady he gun to get a clear shot at the other car . inside the peugeot - vincent what the fuck happen ? SAM I do not know ... vincent you do not know ? bullshit , you have she , there be no way out . in the compact car - where deirdre be drive for dear life , while seamus be freaking out . seamus what in bloody hell be go on ? deirdre they be part of the team . one of they 's the guy I tell you about . seamus from interpol ? deirdre that 's he . in the peugeot - vincent why do not you kill she ? in the compact - seamus why do not you kill he ? out in the STREET - the two car slam through the traffic , head for a highway ramp which appear now perhaps two block away . in the peugeot - vincent ( figure it out ) you sleep with she ! in the compact - seamus how be it this fella manage to get the drop on we ? deirdre I tell you : they be good ... out in the STREET - the two car have reach the highway ramp , and as first one , and then the other pull onto the highway , we pull back and up to reveal : the periferique - the massive and confusing highway system which encircle the city of Paris . right away we notice that this entrance ramp lead to a traffic circle , fill with various off ramp which lead to no less than four different section of the periferique . in the peugeot - vincent ( slamm the dashboard in disgust ) you sleep with she ! in the compact - seamus ( lecture deridre ) you should have kill he when you have the chance . but no ... in the peugeot - vincent you put everything on the line because you ... in the compact seamus ( as if finish Vincent 's sentence ) you sleep with the fucker !! on the periferique - the peugeot cruise on a upper part of the traffic circle , while down below they - the compact turn towards one of the roadway . vincent ( o.s. ) fuck ... in the peugeot - vincent Left leave leave !!! Sam look up and see - Three possible ramp : one to the right , one to the center , and one to the - Left . at the last second he take the leave turn as we go back to - in the compact car - where seamus have turn from lecture deirdre to threaten gregor . seamus hold the package in one hand and he gun in the other . seamus ( wave the package ) this better be the real thing or you be a dead man ! gregor it be , I be tell you it be !! seamus you have tell I a lot of thing , boyo ... zing -shatter ! a bullet blow a hole in they back windshield as - the peugeot be catch up , and Vincent be lean out of he window , fire away . now - seamus turn to deirdre . seamus lose they ! deirdre you lose they ! deirdre swing the wheel wildly , and the compact take a scream turn , follow by - the peugeot , and now they be both speed towards another junction , where several other roadway of the periferique run together . now we see that - seamus be return Vincent 's fire , even as - the Junction approach , and now - seamus scream at deirdre . seamus to the right !!! deirdre swerve to the right only to discover that she 's now on a - exit ramp , go against heavy traffic . now - deirdre swerve she car around , side -swipe several car , but avoid a major crash while - the peugeot follow along , and now - one of the car that deirdre side - swipe careen wildly down the ramp , crash into - the peugeot , which grind to a halt as Vincent and Sam bounce forward in they seat , restrain by they seatbelt . the car have stall , and Sam have to start she up again and slam it into gear before follow after - the compact , which now have a lead of perhaps fifty yard -- but at least it 's possible for the peugeot to follow after the compact , because it 's the only car on the highway ahead of they that 's go the wrong way , and now we - pull back , looking down from above , and the two car be fly through the rush-hour traffic , go the wrong way , and now - the peugeot be gain ground as Sam turn to Vincent . SAM give I a cigarette . vincent right now ? SAM gimme a goddamn cigarette !!!! vincent ( fumble with a cigarette ) why be you drive ? ( rapid fire ) you be not french , you do not live here , you do not know this road . why be you drive ? he put the cigarette in Sam 's mouth and as he do - the peugeot weave in and out of the traffic , gain ground on the compact , and now - screeeeecchhh !!!! about fifteen car pile up , crash into one another , and yet somehow - the compact car emerge from the pile up unscathed , and seamus breathes a hugh sigh of relief . seamus about time ! deirdre ( glance in she mirror ) not yet ... the peugeot have also manage to avoid the pile - up , and it 's back on they tail . seamus ( practically tear he hair ) good Christ ! can not you lose this joker ? deirdre ( through clench tooth ) they be good ! and now the peugeot slam into the side of the compact car , and as it do - seamus open fire with he gun , even as - Vincent unload the better part of a clip as - Glass shatter in both car , and now deirdre look up to see - a fork in the road , and the leave side of the fork be close off , block by - a serious concrete barricade , and the compact car be head right for it , and now - Sam have the peugeot pin right to the side of the compact car , metal against metal , a scream of steel as the barricade rush straight at they and at the last second - deirdre slam on the brake as - seamus fire one last shot that - blow out the window in front of Sam 's eye , cause Sam to - jerk the wheel of the peugeot wildly , spin out of control onto the exit ramp as gregor reach over and unbuckle seamus 's seatbelt right as - the compact car slam into the barricade and crash , and we be in slow motion as - deirdre be drive forward by the force of the impact , but there 's a driver 's side air bag , and it explode , cushion she , even as - seamus be hurl form the car , crash through the windshield and fly through the air as - the compact car flip over and over and over while - gregor , who be wear he seatbelt , hang on for dear life to the briefcase , which he grab back from seamus before the crash , and now - seamus hit the ground with a terrible thud , he face slice to ribbon by the windshield , but somehow still alive as - Sam try to control the peugeot , which be in a spin on the exit ramp as - gregor kick open the back door and slide out of the car , carry the briefcase with he , as - deirdre struggle to free herself from the wreck , which be now - on fire , and now - Sam have manage to stop the peugeot , but it 's too late to go back , because - a veritable fleet of cop car be now close on the accident , and it 's too late to turn around , and even as - deirdre manage to pull herself out of the wreck , it - explode into a ball of fire , and the blast wave of fire - Hit seamus , knock he down , cover he for a second , even as - deirdre hurl herself through the flame and come out - Rolling away with seamus , who be now not only cut to piece , but he face be cover with some hideous burn . now deirdre pull seamus over the side of the embankment , right before the cop arrive , and the two of they roll / fall almost thirty down a steep incline , even as - Sam catch a quick glimpse of - gregor , scurrying away from the highway , carry the briefcase , and now Sam have to gun he car and get go , because the cop have reach - the wreck , which be quickly burn itself out , and as the cop look into the debris they see that - there's nobody left . everybody 's go . fade out . vincent ( v.o. ) we do not have much time . fade in on : int . vincent's apartment - night a front door , guard by about five heavy lock , open and Vincent and Sam enter . Sam look around and survey the apartment . SAM Nice place . another angle - and we see the rest of the apartment : there 's practically nothing here . a table with a couple of chair , a fridge . a open door lead to a bedroom with a small , spare bed and a nightstand with a cheap lamp . vincent ( by way of explain ) I be not here very much . SAM Business keep you on the road ? vincent something like that . the two man crass the room towards - a metal cabinet which be tuck into a nook in the wall - vincent's hand turn a heavy - duty combination lock and then : click , the cabinet open and we see -- weapon . a endless cache of gun , knife , explosive , surveillance device , gun scope -- you name it , it 's here . now Vincent 's hand reach into the cabinet and start take out weapon . we pull back on - Vincent , who give the weapon to Sam . Sam check to make sure the weapon be load and / or ready for use , and then pile they , one on top of the other . SAM I know I do not need to say this to you , but I need to say it to you . ( beat ) this be my job , I have to do it . vincent so I do it . SAM no you do not , and you know it . vincent if we position be reverse , would you leave I ? SAM ( he say this too quickly ) in a minute . vincent I think not . beat . Sam can not say anything , because he know that what Vincent be say be true . vincent ( consider the weapon ) do we need anything else ? SAM yeah . we need out fuck head examine . Vincent think about this for a seoncd -- and then burst out laugh as we - CUT to : int . another car - meanwhile / night deirdre once behind the wheel . the passenger seat next to she be empty , but as she drive we can see she eye as they flick from the road in front of she , to the rearview mirror , which reveal - a glimpse of the hideous face of seamus Reilly . crash through the windshield and the blast of fire have forever change the way he look : he face be now a mass of ooze wound and burn tissue . in he eye we see the light of a sick , twisted man who 's go over the edge . deirdre you better be careful , seamus , before something happen a plastic surgeon can not fix . seamus ( a hideous laugh ) plastic fuck surgeon ? ( indicate he face ) you think I be go to fix this , deirdre lass ? it 's the mark of the patriot , and I will wear it like a badge . as for that who do it to I , I will take my pound of flesh before this be all over . deirdre you be think with you gun , seamus , and not you head ... seamus ( lose it ) shut up !!! ( he put a gun to she head ) shut up and drive ! I be you superior officer and you will do as I goddamn well say , be that understand ?!? beat . deirdre bristle at seamus 's word but say nothing . seamus do I need to repeat myself ? deirdre no , seamus . I hear you the first time . ext . outside the car - same time the car zoom off into the night and as it do - a light rain start to fall and we - dissolve to : ext . a chateau outside of paris - night the same rain fall , more of a steady mist than a rain . the mist gleam electrically in the thousand watt light which shine from - the chateau . hundred of year old , it sit far back from its own MAIN gate . in front of the chateau - armed men . lot of they . whatever this place be , it 's not one that invite company . now we be - moving toward the chateau , and as we move we get a glimpse of the surround environment : ancient statue , sit bench in private garden , small pool of fish -- you name it , this place have it . we hear voice , and they be talk in - russian . heavy , thick Russian , punctuate with word like " Da ! " and " nyet ! " -- make it clear that we have reach the address of the Russian production company . behind the chateau - more garden , more everything . it 's well - patrol , but there be not quite as many guard back here as there be out front , because border the chateau be a natural fotress - a wood - a forest , really . fill with ancient tree , almost mythic in appearance , and for all the light of the chateau this place be darkness visible -- light come here and die . and in this wood , look out , we find - Vincent and Sam . heavily armed , they have just humped God know how many mile through the wood to get here . both man exhaust from the walk -- Sam from he wound , Vincent from he smoking habit . they collapse and Vincent take out he cigarettes . even though they be screen from the chateau back here , Sam reach over and take the cigarettes out of Vincent 's hand . SAM not here . they might see it . vincent if I be go to die for the CIA , I be go to go out smoking . ( take the cigarettes back and light one ) besides , there 's half a forest between we and they , they can not see a goddamn thing . Vincent offer one to Sam , who decline with a shake of he head . SAM time to quit . vincent just like that ? SAM not just like that ... just before I turn around and it 's six month from now and the first thing I do when I wake up in the morning be light a cigarette . vincent ( obviously he do this ) what of it ? ( almost to himself ) samurai pain in the ass . SAM ( he hate this ) would you stop with that ... vincent why ? you have get more force of will than anyone I have ever see . you handle a gun like it 's a part of you , you perform surgery on yourself without anesthesia ... ( quick beat ) and most amazing of all , you quit smoking , just like that . SAM ( qith a cynical laugh ) the mark of a true samurai . ( seriously ) what I do for the company , Vincent , be no different than what you do . we be both hire gun , and this be a job -- like any other job . vincent why then , Sam , do not you act like this be a job like any other ? surely , if you be a hire gun , you realize that some time you just have to walk away without get what you come for . SAM because I do not walk away . vincent why not ? SAM it 's the one thing I have get leave to hold onto . ( beat ) Jean - Pierre be one of you close friend , be he not ? vincent closest and oldest . SAM and yet you would have kill he to save my life . ( quick beat ) you have a sense of honor , Vincent , that I can not even remember anymore . I do not know that I ever even have it to begin with . all I know to do , Vincent , be to finish my job . vincent and when you finish ? what then ? this package , whatever it be , do you give it to the CIA ? do you really think they deserve it ? SAM that 's a good question . vincent do you have a good answer ? SAM ( he 's really just consider this ) no , I do not . int . the chateau - meanwhile armed russian mobster everywhere -- a convention of the goon squad . moving through the chateau itself , and from in here we see the side of France we have not yet see in this film : culture . each room could be a museum , as we move through - a gallery , fill with painting by Renaissance Masters - a parlor , with antique furniture , the youngest piece of which be two hundred year old - a ballroom , empty and barren , but light by the dazzle light of a exquisite chandelier - a kitchen , where a cigarette smoking chef be put the finish touch on what be perhaps the most amazing meal you have ever see . now - a servant take the tray and carry it out to - a dine room , and the table be set for a formal dinner for twenty , with crystal and china at every place set , and yet the table be occupy by only one man - mikhael rachev , Russian gangster Supreme , call mikhi . now - the servant set the food down in front of mikhi , and as this chief hood start to eat a lonely and solitary dinner we pull back , moving down the length of the way- too- long table . ext . the chateau wall - night a taxi pull up to the Main Gate and gregor get out . attach to he wrist , by that same handcuff : the briefcase . gregor be admit by a Guard as we - CUT to : int . the dine room / chateau - a little later mikhi the gangster be eat he dinner as gregor be ushere into the room . three thug hang back behind gregor , watch to see what mikhi want . now - mikhi wave the thug out of the room , leave gregor alone with the gangster . mikhi take a last few bite of dinner as he motion for gregor to sit . mikhi ( in Russian , English subtitles ) sit , sit ... ( offer a cigarette ) would you like one ? gregor ( in English ) no , mikhi , I would not . ( let that sink in for a minute ) since I will not speak you language , and you can not speak mine , English will do nicely . mikhi ( make no never mind to he ) whatever you wish ... ( light he own cigarette ) this have all be a terrible mistake , gregor . I want to play straight with you , but edvard insisted we try and kill you . gregor edvard say the same thing about you before he die . mikhi I be shocked , shocked to think that you would believe he . gregor ( suddenly sharp ) enough ! gregor raise the briefcase which be still attach to he wrist via the handcuff . gregor rest the briefcase on the table . mikhi ahh ... the moment of truth . before this scene can develop any further , a voice come from off screen , and as the Voice speak , gregor blanch . seamus ( o.s. ) the moment of truth , be it ? another angle - deirdre and seamus have enter the room . and we notice something unusual : nobody be alarmed ( except for gregor , that be ) . it 's as if they be expect . gregor what be he do here ? as seamus speak he walk through the room , examine the valuable china and crystal , all the while move inexorably closer to gregor . his face be , if anything , even more horrific than it be a short while ago , as he formerly fresh wound have start to scab over . seamus what be I do here ? why , I be here to see my partner , gregor , the boy in the Russian mafia . see , you boss have hope to screw I by hire you to pull you thieve double cross . but they only just find out that what 's in the briefcase be completely useless without I . I can not fight they , and they can not kill I -- that mean we be gonna have to do business together . gregor but you hate each other ! seamus what 's a little hate between business partner ? ext . the wood - meanwhile Vincent 's cigarette be stubbed into a rock and the two man rise with a slow purpose . they exchange a look and then Sam step forward , lead the way SAM I be on point , Vincent . a wide angle - the back lawn of the chateau - pure kurosawa . the japanese drum we have hear before start to play again as - the long shadow of Sam and Vincent come out of the wood and into the brilliant light of the back lawn . for one minute they stand still , and among the many weapon that Sam carry be a long automatic rifle , strung over he back , and in the silhouette for one minute it look like a samurai sword . now the two man start to move across the lawn , hugging the shadow of the various statue and hedge , try to keep from be discover for as long as possible . back in the dine room - gregor ( to seamus ) so , you have get it all figure , do you ? seamus figure enough to know there 's a odd man out and I be look at he . gregor I think not . ( hold up the briefcase ) I have , of course , take the precaution of wiring the briefcase to explode five second after it open . unless , of course , I deactivate it before it go off . deirdre ( under she breath ) that fuck figure ... gregor should any of you decide to rush I , I will kill myself and whoever happen to be near I at the time . mikhi and more importantly -- gregor I will destroy whatever 's in the case . beat . nobody move . nobody speak . until finally - seamus it look , gentlemen , as if we be gonna have to sit down to table and work out a agreement . before this entirely too-weird scenario can play itself we go back to - the back lawn of the chateau - Sam and Vincent be closer to the chateau , move in stealth , avoid any entanglement and then Sam turn a corner and come face to face with - a guard , and he gun be aim at Sam 's head : Sam 's a dead man as we go - back to the dine room automatic weapon FIRE split the night , and everyone in the room look at one another , before mikhi speak . mikhi what be that ? back outside the chateau - the Guard who have Sam in he sight fall down , dead , shot by - Vincent , whose smoking weapon be cradle in he arm . Vincent smile at Sam . vincent that 's one less I owe you ... Sam smile , but it 's no time to get satisfied . they presence reveal , there 's no point in move quietly . Sam draw he weapon and as he and Vincent charge across the lawn towards the chateau while - back in the dine room - more gunshot from outside -- not a war , but enough to cause serious alarm . deirdre , ever the soldier , draw she two automatic pistol . deirdre ( to seamus and mikhi ) you two stay here and watch we mutual interest . she nod at gregor and he briefcase , indicate what this mutual interest be . then she turn and bolt the room , and as she do we be - back outside the chateau - Sam and Vincent be run along , hugging the ground and whatever darkness they can find , while blind weapon fire rip into the ground around they , Russian thug not even sure what they be shoot at , but shoot all the same as Sam and Vincent hurtle towards - a back entrance to the chateau - some kind of kitchen storage area , and as Sam and Vincent burst in from outside - five russian hood come fly in from a interior entrance , and this be it , Sam and Vincent be outnumber , outgun , they be go to die and then - they take out the entire room - Sam hold a automatic pistol in he leave hand , and a submachine gun in he right , and when he fire , he do so in short control burst , fire only when he have the target in he sight , while - Vincent fight with a kind of sheer force , a shotgun in one hand , a uzi in the other , he fire at anything and everything that move , and he hit almost all of it - and suddenly the room be quiet . everybody 's dead except for Sam and Vincent . they drop they spend weapon and take out fresh one even as they move towards - the door - it lead to two passage , each one lead to a separate wing of the chateau . SAM let 's work we way through the building . I will take one wing , you take the other . Vincent and Sam split up , move into separate wing of the chateau , and as they move off Sam speak a word of warning . SAM watch you back , Vincent . and then they be go , and we be with - deirdre , who 's run through the house , go from room to room , and we be with she for a minute , the japanese drum start to play again , and now it 's join by more and more drum , and they continue for the test of this sequence and suddenly - a huge burst of gunfire be hear , drag deirdre 's attention towards - the ballroom - and Sam 's in the middle of a pitch battle with three gunmen . he kill the first , and then the second , and then - no third . the third gunman roll out of the way as Sam fire , the third gunman fire back and - they shot go wide , rip into mirror and chandelier , littering the floor with glass . and now we be - on deirdre - running through the hall as we hear one last burst of gunfire : somebody in the ballroom be dead . deirdre have almost reach the ballroom when - Sam come fly out , and the two of they crash together , send the two of they sprawling into - the shot - up mess that use to be the ballroom - and as they crash to the ground , Sam lose he weapon in the fall , but deirdre manage to hold onto one of she two gun . now the two of they roll to they foot , and as they do we be back in - the dine room - seamus the madman be pace the floor , he face even worse than before : with each minute the mask of flesh that be now he face be become more grotesque . Little pustule have start to form all over its surface , ooze a whitish viscous liquid . a new burst of fighting sound can be hear , and seamus , who be no longer capable of think straight , lose it . seamus I can not take it anymore . ( to mikhi ) watch he , man , I be go out and finish what need finish ! and seamus be go , and so be we -- back to - the ballroom - where deirdre have she two gun point at Sam and - do nothing . beat . SAM go on , they ... but deirdre can not do it . there 's something between this two , and now - Sam look around and see deirdre 's other pistol lie on a break chair , and now he - kick out with he foot and hit the chair leg , cause it to function as a lever , send the gun - through the AIR in a graceful slow - mo arc until it - thwacks into Sam 's Hand . now he 's armed and he look back at - deirdre . her finger tighten on the trigger , she 's almost ready to shoot -- if Sam raise he piece , he 's a dead man . deirdre let it go , Sam , walk away . in response Sam stare at deirdre for a beat and then he smile a enigmatic smile and - he step sideways , into a nearby corridor , vanish . deirdre God damn it ! she run after he but she 's too late -- the corridor outside be empty . now we be back in - the dine room - with gregor and mikhi , and the tension be unbearable , because they can hear the sound of the fight as it start and then stop , but they do not have the least idea of what 's go on . still , mikhi will not let gregor leave without give up the briefcase . mikhi have a gun on gregor , who in turn hold the briefcase close , ready to open it and set off the 5 second timer that will blow it up . gregor ( a feral hiss ) we will die if we stay here ! mikhi ( threaten with the gun ) you will die if you leave here . gregor sit back down , fairly close to mikhi . then , in a manner so deat that mikhi never even notice , gregor extract a wickedly thin stiletto blade from the leather lining of the briefcase . before mikhi can even react , gregor stab he arm forward in a savage arc - jamming the blade into mikhi 's throat . mikhi drop he gun and reach for the blade , already gag on the blood spray which shoot from the slashed artery . within second - mikhi fall to the ground , jerk viciously in he death throes as - gregor pick up the pistol and run to leave the room , and as he do we move to - the gallery - fill with painting and sculpture , nothing less than 200 year old . this place be a maze , what with it 's wall of painting that jut out here and there , the various corridor which lead from room to room , and the sculpture which block sight line . now we find - Vincent , press against a wall , a gun in each hand , while - five russian mafia guy be hunt he down . we do a series of quick cut as the five guy split up and look for Vincent , all the while speak in low Russian voice . suddenly one of the guy turn a corner and see - nothing . no Vincent . now he turn back and - a fist crash through a painting which hang on a makeshift wall . it 's Vincent . his hand wrap around mafia guy 's neck , pin he in place . second later - two quick shot rip through the painting , hit mafia guy in the head . now - the other man be alert by the shot , they come run and - Vincent step out fire - and now it 's a bullet - fest , as he get the drop on they , use the maze of the Gallery to he fullest advantage , gun they down - first one - then two - Three , and then - no four . Vincent turn , surprised that he man be not where he expect he to be when - a shot ring out , hit Vincent , a flesh wound that disarm he . the last guy have the drop on Vincent . now - the last guy smile a nasty little smile at Vincent and - a pistol spit fire and - a bullet burst out of the last guy 's chest . it 's Sam . now Sam and Vincent exchange a look : Sam have , once again , save Vincent 's life . vincent you have to stop do that ! SAM I will work on it ... the two man do not have time for any more word , they move from the Gallery and find themselves in - the dine room - where they find nothing but the bloody remain of mikhi the gangster . Sam and Vincent be surveying the room when a voice come from behind they - seamus ( o.s. ) turn around real slow , and try hard not to breathe when you do it . another angle - seamus Reilly have come in behind they , and he 's get he gun point straight at Sam 's heart . if seamus be enraged at discover gregor 's absence , he 's overjoy to find Sam in he place . seamus it 's you ... ( touch he face ) you be the one do this to my face , be you ? SAM that 's I . seamus have a nice afterlife . seamus pull the trigger and he bullet spin out towards Sam , ready to blow a hole through he except that - Vincent leap forward and take the bullet -- it rip into he side , a huge splash of red against he white shirt . he fall to the ground , horribly wounded , but he 's give Sam enough time , and now - Sam and seamus open fire on one another - bullet ripping into the table , chew up the china and crystal , take glass shatter bite out of the chandelier above the table , turn the dining room from a primo Louis xiv showpiece into shit as the two man move about and then suddenly - they be face to face , each with a gun to the other - mexican standoff . suddenly , from off screen - deirdre ( o.s. ) seamus ! another angle - deirdre have appear , she gun levele at the two man . seamus deirdre , do for he , woman , put a fuck bullet in he head ! deirdre hesitates , uncertain . seamus do it , for Christ 's sake , do it so we can find that stinking gregor , he 's get the bloody package ! for God 's sake , you be a soldier ... this last word sink into deirdre : she be a soldier . her gun swivel towards Sam . seamus ( sense he 's get to she ) you be one of we ... you be bear and breed with you own people , you can not go against you nature . c'mon , girl , I be you be people . deirdre make up she mind . deirdre I be no girl , seamus ... she fire a shot - blow seamus off he foot and through a huge plate glass window . deirdre and you be not nobody 's people . she move with Sam to Vincent , who be seriously wounded -- perhaps life - threateningly so . SAM ( to deirdre ) let 's get he out of here ... vincent finish the job ... SAM and now ... vincent ( a commanding whisper ) finish it ! Sam consider , but before he can make up he mind , deirdre see something through the wreck of the dining room window - out on the back lawn - we have already see that it 's border on one side by the wood , for the first time we notice - a lake , which lap against a private dock , where a row boat be tethere . now - beneath a very full moon , the stark figure of gregor make its way toward the dock . deirdre ( call out ) Sam ... Sam turn at the sound of she voice and see gregor make he escape . Sam look back at Vincent , who be almost pass out from blood loss . vincent I be really sick of you save my life . go out and get the bastard . same make up he mind , and as Vincent pass out , Sam run out after deirdre and towards - the private dock - and as the two of they run we move with they . deirdre he 's get the briefcase rig to explode five second after anybody other than himself try to open it . and now they reach the dock and they find - nothing -- no gregor . and the Boat be still there . before Sam can restrain she - deirdre stp out towards the Boat . SAM deirdre , wait up -- but it 's too late : gregor step out from behind - a boathouse , and before deirdre can even figure out what happen , gregor have she in a arm lock , a gun to she head . his free hand stick out and we see the briefcase , which be still handcuff to he wrist . gregor you might have make a good field agent you arrogant american prick , but you be not smart enough to go up against I . gregor and deirdre be poise at the edge of the lake . this private dock be make completely of stone , and the drop to the water be nearly five foot . Sam have reach a position where there be no right answer . still , he point he gun at gregor , who in turn shield himself with deirdre 's body . gregor go ahead , shoot ... shoot and kill the bitch , I do not care . ( beat ) and yet you do not shoot . interesting . put down you weapon and walk away . deirdre do not do it , Sam ! gregor shut up ! deirdre he will kill I anway , Sam , shoot though I and kill this fucker . seamus ( o.s. ) ( a horrible croak ) if you do not , I will ... another angle - seamus be somehow still barely alive -- he 's not long for this world , but the will for revenge have drive he this far . seamus ( to Sam , in a cold pale rage ) shoot that traitorous bitch and I will let you live . the top of seamus' head explode , finish he off once and for all , kill by - Vincent , who have staggered out to make this one necessary shot . but he can go no further , and he collapse in he own blood , near death , just as - gregor take a step towards the boat and - Sam make up he mind and shoot - the bullet fly across the screen - impact - the briefcase burst , shot open by Sam and now we be in slow motion as - gregor relax he grip on deirdre as he struggle to close the case and - deirdre take the opportunity to dive the other , into the lake , while - baboom ! the case explode , a flash of phosphorescent white light that incinerate gregor and the case and whatever be inside it with a explosion that knock Sam to the ground and when the light clear - gregor and the case be go , while - the explosion echoes out over the lake , booming again and again until finally there be - silence . Sam look out over the lake for any sign of deirdre - but there be none . and then , after we have hold for a beat longer than it should be possible for she to have survive - she head split the surface and she emerge , cough . Sam reach down to help she out . SAM be you alright ? deirdre alright ? it 's bloody fuck freezing in here ! Sam pull deirdre out of the water and then the two of they immediately turn and move towards Vincent , and as they do we start to pull back on they , and now the sound of siren can be hear , one , then two more , and then a symphony of noise . and we be still pulling back on - the chateau - or what 's leave of it , because it 's start to burn , and quickly the flame start to rise into the night , like something out of medieval time as we - dissolve to : int . a hospital waiting area - night Sam wait outside a hospital room , inside of which we get a glimpse of - a doctor tend to a heavily bandage and sedate Vincent . as Sam wait - two gendarme and a plainclothes detective approach . the detective look at Sam for a beat , and then go to push past he . Sam block he way . detective I need to speak with that man . SAM I be sorry , I can not allow that . Sam reach into he coat , and for a moment everybody think he 's go for he gun , but instead he come out with - a piece of paper . he hand it to the detective . SAM call that number and ask they what you should do . the detective eyeball the number suspiciously . five minute later - the detective hang up a nearby wall phone and then look over at Sam in disgust . without another word , the detective signal to the two gendarme , and all three man exit . now - the doctor , a beautiful french woman , come up and speak to he in french -- and the amazing thing be that Sam speak back . everything in subtitled . doctor you can see you friend , now . SAM thank you very much . doctor the field dress you put on save he life . ( give he a look ) where di you learn to do that ? SAM here and there , I guess . the Doctor be not entirely satisfied with this answer , but it 's the only one she 's go to get , because Sam move past into - int . vincent's room he 's barely alive -- but alive nonetheless . and he 's hear Sam speak in french to the Doctor . vincent you son-of-a-bitch ... SAM what ? vincent you speak french . SAM what of it ? vincent ( in mock exasperation ) nothing ... he lie back on he pillow , piss and yet amused . vincent ( repeat the Doctor 's word in English ) " you field dress save he life . " that 's three I owe you . SAM you do not owe I a goddamn thing , Vincent , and you know it . you step in front of a bullet for I . ( very seriously , he now believe this ) I owe you a heavy debt . vincent ( relishing this ) I know . SAM ( rise to leave ) you better get some sleep , alright ? vincent tell I something first . ( a quick beat ) the package : what be it ? SAM I do not know . nobody know , except a bunch of people who be too dead to tell we . there 's probably a couple of guy back at the company who know , but I do not think they plan to tell I anytime soon . vincent what happen to it ? SAM gone. destroy . vincent ( sigh , then a beat ) I guess that 's for the best . Sam turn for the door but Vincent have one last thing to say . vincent Sam , when gregor have deirdre by the lake , you could have kill the two of they with one shot . you could have have the package , finish the job . but you do not , you sacrifice the job to save she life . why ? same have to think about this for a second , and he answer reveal just how full circle he 's come . SAM it 's what you would have do . and on that note Sam exit the room , leave a bemuse Vincent behind . ext . the bank of the river seine - early morning a wispy fog atmospherically rise off the river -- not too thick , not too thin . a title : one month later ... we be moving along the cobble - stone walk next to the river as a voice cut through the fog . vincent ( v.o. ) would you just smoke already ... a riverside cafe - where Sam , Vincent and deirdre be have morning coffee . a mostly -healed Vincent be smoking a cigarette , try to get Sam to light up . SAM I tell you , I quit . vincent just to keep I company , Sam -- I hate smoking alone . ( turn to deirdre ) how about you ? I think all you ira type smoke . deirdre only the stupid one . cigarettes kill more patriot than bullet . ( a quick beat ) besides , I be not ira no more . vincent so where do you go from here ? deirdre I do not know . I be think ... maybe the three of we might partner up -- gun for hire , that sort of thing . vincent I be up for that ... the two of they turn to Sam , but he shake he head . SAM not I . you work too often with the same people and you become friend -- cloud you judgement . deirdre come off it , Sam -- if we be not friend already we would not be here now , would we ? vincent she 's get a point . ( play a trump card ) besides , I know of a job that 's available . Sam can not help it -- he 's interested . SAM how much do it pay ? slam CUT to : ext . out on the river seine - meanwhile silence and fog . a river ferry do a slow ghostly glide down the river , and in second it approach - the riverside cafe , which appear through the mist , look at by -- a sleek pair of SUN glass attach to a young punk in a leather coat , and the punk be look at - Sam , Vincent , and especially : deirdre . Sam look up and shout a warning as - the punk pull a shotgun from beneath he leather coat , pump the gun and scream out at deirdre with a irish accent - punk this be for seamus ! boom ! the punk pull the trigger , a blast of fire as - Sam 's gun be already out , two quick shot squeeze off and - the punk be cap twice in the head , dead , sailing away on the ferry which never stop as - the cafe go wild , customer run , scream , waiter drop they trays . but - Sam do not run , and neither do Vincent . Sam stand , stunne by what he see - deirdre lie on the ground , hit full on in the chest : she 's dead . a beat of pure silence - Broken by siren in the distance , but quickly grow closer . now - Vincent look at deirdre 's corpse , then at Sam , who be unable to move . for maybe the first time in he professional career , Sam be staggered by the loss of a life . Vincent gently take Sam 's arm . vincent ( soft yet urgent ) we have to go , Sam , we can not be here . Sam look at Vincent , and for a moment Sam struggle to find something to say , but he can not find a goddamn thing . the siren be get louder - vincent ( a little louder , border desperation ) let 's go !! Vincent literally drag Sam away and now the siren have arrive , follow quickly by - the gendarme , who come run into the Cafe but - it 's empty except for deirdre 's body . now - the STREET above the river - Sam and Vincent be run through patchy fog , Vincent lead the way , and now - we be closer on Vincent as he run and run and run until he feel he 's far enough away from the scene of the crime to relax . he collapse against a stone wall , chest heaving , shaking out two cigarettes , one for himself and one for Sam . vincent ( thrust the cigarettes out to Sam ) Doctor 's order ... but Sam be not there to take the cigarette -- Vincent look around , try to see what happen to he friend , but the fog have cover any sign of Sam . Vincent stand there , stunne , alone , the cigarettes in a outstretch hand that slowly fall back to Vincent 's side as he realize that Sam have leave he on purpose . then - Vincent light both cigarettes at the saem time and throw one of they over the stone wall - the glowing cigarette arc through the air until it land in the river where it extinguish with a hiss . vincent ( o.s. ) Goodbye , Sam ... back at the cafe - the gendarme have secure the scene ( there be not much to secure since everyone have run away ) . a majority of cop surround deirdre 's dead body , but - one gendarme wander around the cafe , look about , and then he see something - on the STREET above - a shape in the fog . the wind blow and the fog clear for a second , and we see that it 's - sam. get one last look at deirdre . quickly - the gendarme point Sam out but as he do the wind continue to blow and - the fog swallow Sam . second later the fog clear again , and when it do - Sam be go . fade out .