room written by Emma donoghue base on the novel by Emma donoghue 1 int . room - night 1 darkness . the faint background hum of a refrigerator . a light click on , briefly , then snap off again . then on again , for a little longer . we wake groggily with jack ( five ) , blink up at ma ( 26 ) . she 's stand in a wear t-shirt and underwear beside a lamp , switch it on and off at apparently random interval . she crane up at the recess skylight , room 's only window . the irregular flash of lamp - light reveal glimpsis of this little world line with cork : ten foot a side , seven foot high , gable ceiling rise to ten foot . cluster of Jack 's and ma 's vivid drawing be pin all over the wall , quivering in the draft from the vent . done with five crayon ( red , yellow , blue , orange , green ) and pencil on toilet tissue , line page or cardboard , they show dog , tree , alien , rocket ship , figure label ' Jack ' or ' ma '. delicate mobile ( uncook spaghetti , thread , plastic , foil , down from pillow , cloth scrap ) dangle . a wardrobe with slatted louver door . on top , toy craft from garbage , a labyrinth from toilet - roll inside . a dresser with a tv . a homemade pack of card , papier mo ché checker and chess . a Fort construct from vitamin and other bottle and can . a single meagre African violet in a pot on the tv . a round dining table , two fold - up chair side by side . a bath with a single small towel over the side . a toilet , with a flotilla of homemade toy boat float in the tank which be oddly miss a lid . a sink , with a single wear toothbrush , toothpaste , dish soap , a break comb , fold rag for washcloth . a small square of mirror tile hang up over it . a small kitchen cabinet . a dish rack : two each of big and small white plate , bowl , tumbler , knife , fork , spoon ( one with a melt handle ) , a scissors , can opener , serrate knife , wooden spoon , spatula . a basic stove ( with more fold rag on its handle , for pot holder ) , one fry pan and one saucepan . a small refrigerator ( more toy on top ) , a tiny trash . ( continued ) 1 continued : 1 a rocker . above , a shelf . ten book stack . homemade toy . a reddish Persian - style rug on the floor . a grey steel door , no handle . on the wall , a ten-digit keypad with a red light like a watch eye . ma look over at Jack and see that he 's awake . she mouth ' sh ' at he , soothing he back to sleep . keeps signal . darkness again , as Jack 's eyelid fall . title : room 2 int . room - day 2 faint light . Jack and ma sleep face to face in a double bed under a thin quilt . pale skin , long hair , wear t-shirt . jack ( v.o . ) you cry all day and leave tv on till you be a zombie . but then I zoom down from heaven through skylight into room - ( make noise of descent , then crash landing ) and I be kick you from the inside , boom boom , and then I shot out onto rug with my eye wide open , and you cut the cord and say " hello Jack . " Jack wake . jack ma. I be five ! chapter title : present 3 int . room - day 3 a little later , ma , at the kitchen counter , measure out two small bowl of cereal . Jack move round room touch thing : rug 's rusty bloodstain from he birth ; the scar table ; chair ; faucet , etc . jack Morning lamp , Morning rug , Morning wardrobe .. ( he look under the bed ) ( more ) ( continued ) 3 continued : 3 jack ( cont 'd ) Morning eggsnake . it 's my birthday . I be five . ( continued ) 3 continued : ( 2 ) 3 ma put breakfast on the table . sit . Jack sit , too . ma give he a half vitamin pill from a almost empty tub . she take a contraceptive pill from a generic pack . they start to eat . ma wince . jack ( cont 'd ) be bad tooth hurt ? ma ( tap she head ) mind over matter . he tap he head too as he chant the slogan . jack if we do not mind , it do not matter . ma guess what we be go to make later . jack what ? ma a cake . jack a birthday cake , like in tv ? ma but for real . 4 int . room - day 4 a little later , ma be brush Jack 's tooth ( with they single , fray brush ) zealously . he spit with vigor . a little later , ma and Jack be look a two small pile of clothes . ma come on slow poke . jack you , pink soft , pink swirl . ma you always pick that . but I guess it 's you birthday . ( continued ) 4 continued : 4 she reach for she clothes . jack I , bear and jeans . ma good choice ! a little later . ma scrub the floor with a old cloth diaper while Jack watch tv . both in t-shirt and jeans ( Jack 's with wear - out knee ) , but shoeless . dora the explorer we could not have do it without you . thanks for help . gracias . the salsa theme tune start . ma off , please . jack just one more planet . ma stand up , do a zombie impression . ma too much tv will turn we into zomby ... anyway , it 's time to mark how tall you be . this make he switch the tv off fast and run to the door . ma mark he height with a tiny 5 in black pen on the cork . Jack duck and use he finger to measure the gap . frown . jack I be not very taller after four . ma oh , that 's pretty normal . jack yeah ? ma everything 's hunky -dory . jack okey -dokey . he touch the space between 3 ( in red ) and 4 ( in black ) . ( continued ) 4 continued : ( 2 ) 4 jack ( cont 'd ) that 's where Red Pen die and we get Black Pen for Sunday treat . hey , what about cookie ? ma sorry , I already ask for jeans for you for Sunday treat . he swallow he disappointment . jack I be go to grow and grow till I be a giant . look , ma. look how big my superpower be already . he make a tiny bicep . ma muster enthusiasm at the prospect of he grow up . ma you will be as strong as samson soon . jack ( hold up he long hair ) huger every day . ma gigantic . jack enormous . hugeormous . ma good word sandwich . he start leaping around the room , move gracefully between all the familiar obstacle . jack I be go to be Jack the giant giant - killer and burst out of skylight into Space with my dog lucky and bo bo bo between all the planet ... 5 int . room - day 5 a little later , play ' track ' . the rug be drape over the table on the bed . they run back and forward on a wear C , both of they training hard , like athlete . 6 int . room - day 6 later , the furniture be back in place . Jack pick Dylan the digger from he stack , which include pop - up Airport , my Big Book of nursery rhyme , the runaway Bunny , Alice in wonderland . ( he ignore the adult book - the Da vinci code , twilight , the Guardian , bittersweet Love , the shack . ) ma can not hide she revulsion at Dylan the digger again . ma come on , you can read Dylan yourself . jack I can read they all but I like when you do . ma recite animatedly . Jack turn the board page , not notice that ma 's eye be shut as she read from memory . ma heeeeeeeere 's Dylan , the sturdy digger ! / the load he shovel get bigger and bigger . / watch he long arm delve into the earth , / no excavator so love to munch dirt . 7 int . room - day 7 later , Jack blow the second of two small egg , keep the shell intact . beating butter and sugar , ma keep up they rhyme game . ma we friend table ... just be not able . Jack pour the egg into she bowl of butter and sugar . jack we friend spoon , sing to the moon . ma beat the egg in . ma we friend knife run for he life . she wince in pain , and shake out she right wrist . Jack notice and take over , beat the batter for she . ( continued ) 7 continued : 7 later : ma string the shell onto the needle tongue of they eggsnake , make of eggshell crayon , give paper clothes , foil crown , color wool for hair ... eggsnake be hundred of egg long . 8 int . room - dusk 8 a little later . the birthday cake be small , brown , plain . ma make a 5 with thin white icing . ma abracadabra ! jack now the candle . reading she face , he crumple . jack ( cont 'd ) you say a birthday cake for real . that mean candle on fire . ma Jack - jack you should ask for candle for Sunday treat , not dumb jeans . ma sorry . I have to ask for stuff we really need that he can get easily . jack but Old Nick get anything , by magic . ma try you cake , I bet it 's delicioso . but Jack be sulk . she hug he , quietly soothing he . jack next week when I be six you better ask for real candle . ma next year , you mean . later : half the cake be eat . ( continued ) 8 continued : 8 Jack be kneel at the bath . there 's a bucket with dish in front of he . he 's wash up as expertly as a adult . 9 int . room - night 9 later . steam make room mysterious . Jack lie on ma in the bath , both with bubble moustach . end of the selkie story : ma but one day the mermaid find where the fisherman hide she comb . jack ha ha . ma so she run home to the sea . she let she head and face sink under the water . Jack sit up on she , upset . ma emerge and open she eye . realize what 's wrong . ma ( cont 'd ) of course she take she baby Jack with she . jack do he drow ? ma no , he 's half - merman . he can breathe air or water , whichever . satisfied , Jack lean over to scoop up the pile of clothes . jack Laundry time . with relish , he plunge they under the water . 10 int . room - night 10 Laundry be hang up to dry everywhere . ma and Jack be in they sleep t-shirt and underwear . she sit breastfeed he and tell he a story . ( continued ) 10 continued : 10 ma ... and edmond swim and swim to the island of monte cristo and dig up all the treasure , and ... 11 int . room - night 11 a little later Jack watch as ma place blanket and a pillow on the floor of the wardrobe . jack can we have more birthday cake ? ma tomorrow . jack just a bite . ma we have brush we tooth already . jack one more story ? she check she watch nervously : get close to nine . ma Jack , it 's late . come on . Jack jump in and snuggle down . picture of dora and she monkey boot be glue on the back wall ; this be a tiny room within room . ma cover he up for the night . she begin to sing ` the Big rock candy Mountain ' . 12 int . room - wardrobe - night 12 a little later . dim light come through the slat . Jack lie stroking the dangle clothes , the picture glue to the wardrobe . he freeze at the sound of the beep that mean the outside door be about to open . he lie absolutely still , listen for Old Nick 's entrance . he savor the scent of fresh air , but shiver : winter . boom : now the door 's shut again . old nick ( o.s. ) hey . ( continued ) 12 continued : 12 ma ( o.s. ) hey . Jack go up on he elbow to squint through the slat but only see a bit of the man 's down jacket as he take it off . old nick ( o.s. ) here 's the jeans . ma ( o.s. ) thanks . old nick ( o.s. ) the grape be way too much , so I get can pear . Jack can see ma as she put grocery away . ma ok . now old nick move into view too . Forties , solidly build , blue-collar : a ordinary monster . old nick what 's that ? a birthday cake ? he cut himself a piece and eat it in a few bite . ma start get undress . old nick ( cont 'd ) shoulda tell I , I would have bring he a present . Jack twitches at this thrill possibility . Old Nick start undress too : like some dull marriage . old nick ( cont 'd ) what 's he now , four ? Jack , in the wardrobe , be all agog for ma to correct he . jack ( too low to be hear ) five . sound of the adult get into bed . the lamp click off . then the familiar creak of the bed . Jack do not know what they mean but be troubled . he count they under he breath . ( continued ) 12 continued : ( 2 ) 12 jack ( cont 'd ) one , two , three , four ... jack ( v.o. ) there 's room , then Outer Space , then Heaven . Plant be real but not tree . spider be real and one time the mosquito that be suck my blood . but squirrel and dog be just tv , except lucky my dog that might be some day . Mountains be too big to be real and the sea . in the dark of the wardrobe , Jack be still count . jack one twenty - eight , one twenty - nine ... jack ( v.o. ) tv person be flat and make of color with red mouth and clothes instead of skin but I and you be real . Old Nick I do not know if he 's real , maybe half ? Green bean be real and chocolate but not ice cream . the bedspring be speed up . jack Three hundred six , seven , eight - a primal grunt from Old Nick . the creak be do . Jack be asleep at the bottom of the wardrobe . Old Nick go over to the tv and switch on sport . ma shh . he turn down the volume . the sound of the sport broadcast overlap with the thud of the door close . the wardrobe door open admit the faint light of the l.e.d on the keypad . we cut to a shot of ma put a sleep Jack into the bed . as she start to climb in beside we pull back and crane up . 13 int . room - day 13 next morning . Jack watch a nature programme on tv : time - lapse photography of one glorious tree . ( continued ) 13 continued : 13 ma be use a needle and thread to take in Jack 's new , much - too - big jeans . Jack find a trodden cigarette butt under the corner of the rug . Old Nick must have bring it in on he shoe . Jack study it . tv narrator ( v.o . ) fall leave decompose and return nutrient to the soil . ma ( to herself , refer to the jeans ) cheap piece of ... Jack look at the sad African violet on the bedside table . jack why Plant do not make flower anymore ? ma maybe she 's tired . 14 int . room - day 14 Jack , on the bed : he squirm , twist , bounce with intense boyish energy . beside the bed now , he run on the spot at maximum speed . in the background we see ma cooking . ( continued ) 14 continued : 14 15 omitted 15 16 int . room - day 16 later the same day . ma be napping . Jack be play on the floor . count thing . trace the pattern of rug with he finger . what be that ? he stare at the floor by the stove ; glimpsis something . Jack tiptoe over , but the move thing be go . he look furtively at ma then take out the cake . he crumble some and set the plate on the floor . he squat and wait . a mouse put its nose out , sniff and take a crumb . something smashes into the stove : one of ma 's heavy book . Jack cry out in shock and distress . jack you make he go ! ma start to sweep up the crumb . jack ( cont 'd ) he be a alive thing , he be real ! ma they would steal we food . she crawl under the counter , find the hole . tear aluminum foil from the roll . scrunches it . jack mouse can have my food , I be not hungry . ma they would bring in germ , bite we in the night . ( continued ) 16 continued : 16 jack mouse be my friend and you splatted he dead . ma no I do not , he 's hunky - dory . she stop block up the hole to hug Jack . jack be you just trick I ? ma I swear , he 's safe at home with he ma in the backyard . jack what backyard ? ma , realize she slip , tidy up instead of answer . jack ( cont 'd ) mouse life in a yard in tv ? ma hold up the aluminum foil to distract he . ma hey , let 's make a ufo with this . Jack bring out the other grudge he 's be nursing . jack why you do not tell Old Nick it be my birthday ? ma because he 's not we friend . jack he say he would brung I a present . ma you should not hear what he - you be mean to be asleep . jack I never have a present . ma he do not mean it . jack it might be lucky my dog . ( continued ) 16 continued : ( 2 ) 16 ma Jack . we can not have a dog . we do not have room - ( see he misunderstand ) - space , enough space - coope up in here with the bark , the scratch ... jack lucky will not scratch , he promise . ma there be no lucky ! jack yeah there be . ma he 's just make - up , in you head , he 's not real . devastate , Jack burst into tear . ma sit down beside he and stroke he . 17 int . room - night 17 that evening . Jack sit in ma 's lap , watch a talk - show hostess interview a one - armed war veteran . ma be thread eggshell onto a string , hundred of shell long . Jack gently support the unravel part . ma let out a big yawn and discreetly rub she aching jaw . hostess ... most poignant aspect , I can speak for all we viewer , so , so deeply move by what you endure . jack ma . where be we when we be asleep ? ma right here in room . jack but dream . do we go into tv for dream ? ma we be never anywhere but here . ( continued ) 17 continued : 17 jack I want some . they put down eggsnake and ma turn to he so he can breastfeed . 17a int . room - night 17a ma lie on the bed . Jack be nowhere to be see . eventually he voice come from the wardrobe . jack ma ! I think Old Nick life in tv , like mouse . that 's where he go when he 's not here in room . ma Jack . go to sleep . 18 int . room - day 18 the third morning . Jack wake up in the bed , where ma always carry he once Old Nick have go . ma be up already , sit at the table , stare at a shiny red truck and remote in a hard pack . the snake be in eden . Jack can hardly believe what 's in front of he . he look at it for a while . ma you can open it . we watch as Jack open the box . ma try to help he when he find the package difficult . jack ( pull it away from she ) I can do it . later , Jack be play with he new toy . ma watch he uneasily . we hear a faint echo of scream ... chapter title : unlying the scream get 's louder . later , ma be stand on a chair scream and howling at the skylight . Jack stand in the bath scream into the small air vent above the shelf . he hold he truck up to the vent so it can join in . then they hush and listen . jack ( cont 'd ) why the alien never scream back ? ma I guess they still can not hear we . jack tomorrow we will do even louderer . later , ma , preoccupy , trim mold off cheese she slice very thin and lay on brown bread . put it in the toaster oven . Jack zigzag he truck around chair and table leg . ma check to see if the freeze peas be boil yet . Jack drive the truck at the door : clang . ma Jack ! ( continued ) 18 continued : 18 jack what smell bad ? ma belatedly realize the grill cheese be smoking . she burn she hand slightly on the oven , wrenching it open . 19 int . room - wardrobe - night 19 that evening . Jack , in the wardrobe , be mean to be asleep but he 's still play with he truck . the door beep ; he kneel up for a glimpse as it boom shut . old nick ( o.s. ) hey . what 's the smell ? he put down grocery , unzip he jacket . ma ( o.s. ) sorry , I burn some cheese . old nick ( o.s. ) you need to take more care . ma ( o.s. ) I will . I be not think . old nick yeah , well , think 's not you strong suit . ma ( o.s. ) I know . I be really sorry . ma be unpack the grocery . old nick so do he like he truck ? he laugh at she speechless discomfort . old nick ( cont 'd ) I know boy , I be one once . ma look at the empty bag . ma the vitamin ? old nick waste of money . ma if we have a better diet , maybe ... ( continued ) 19 continued : 19 old nick ( overlapping ) here we go again . you know instead of complain maybe you should thank you lucky star you have get a place like this . cosy , safe , specially with the kid - no drunk driver , drug-pusher , pervert ... ma I be sorry . old nick like pull tooth sometimes . ma wait for he to calm down . old nick ( cont 'd ) you problem be you have no idea about the world of today . ma no . old nick who pay the power bill ? who pay for everything ? she give the require answer . ma you . old nick and where do you think the money 's go to keep come from ? ma what do you mean ? old nick nothing . ma no , but - old nick ( overlapping ) six month I have be laid off , have you have to worry you little head ? pause as ma take in the implication of this . she proceed cautiously . ( continued ) 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 ma what be you go to do ? he do not answer . ma ( cont 'd ) be you ... look for another job ? old nick ( overlapping ) what job ? there be no damn job , Jesus Christ ! Jack , frighten , shrink back in the wardrobe knock into the back panel . Old Nick turn he attention to the wardrobe . old nick ( cont 'd ) hey in there . ma he 's asleep . old nick do not think so . you keep he in the closet all day as well as all night ? poor little freak have two head or something ? he root in he jacket pocket and produce a already open tube of hard candy . old nick ( cont 'd ) hey Jack . you like candy ? wanna come out and have some candy ? Jack , tempt , reach for the door ... desperate to distract Old Nick , ma touch he arm . ma let 's go to bed . Old Nick chuckle at this unaccustom seductiveness . ma ( cont 'd ) now . old nick do not you momma ever teach you manners ? ma please . ( continued ) 19 continued : ( 3 ) 19 pockete the candy , he wrap himself round she . they edge backwards out of view . the lamp snap off . 20 int . room - wardrobe - night 20 a little later , everything be quiet . moonlight . Jack , asleep in a crooked position , wake with a jump . he sit up and rub he neck . find he truck . he open the door and peek out . where 's the candy ? 21 int . room - night 21 stepping out , hold he truck for moral support , Jack stumble into something and gasp . he pick it up : a thick leather belt , like a cobra . ( continued ) 21 continued : 21 he take another few step and stub he toe on a huge boot . Jack stare at Old Nick , asleep in the middle of the bed . ma be sleep too , cling to the far side . now he 's come this far , Jack forget the candy , fascinate by Old Nick , whom he 's see up close for the first time . Jack put he finger out , almost touch Old Nick 's face . Old Nick 's eye open , startle . then he grin . old nick hey sonny . ma leap up scream and flail at Old Nick . ma get away from he ! get away ! Jack drop he truck and race to the wardrobe . he jump in and pull the door , bang he head . 22 int . room - wardrobe - night 22 Jack clutches he head , curl up in the corner of the wardrobe , because it hurt , and to shut out ma 's screeching . old nick ( o.s. ) stop that noise . ma be suddenly mute . the thump of Old Nick throw she down on the bed . the lamp snap on . Jack flinch and turn he face away from the light . old nick ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) of all the crazy ... sound of he pull he clothes on , kick the truck away . ma ( o.s. ) ( hoarsely ) just leave he alone . the door make the three beep . old nick ( o.s. ) just do not forget where you get he . ( continued ) 22 continued : 22 sound of the door open , then shutting with a boom . Jack wait to hear what ma will do or say to he . the lamp click off again : darkness . Jack dive out of the wardrobe . 23 int . room - night - continuous 23 jack sorry I - sorry - sorry - he sob and hyperventilate by the side of the bed . jack ( cont 'd ) sorry I come out of wardrobe . ma take he into bed with she . ma it 's ok . she soothes he . 24 int . room - day 24 shot of ice-crystals on the skylight . silence : no refrigerator hum . Jack wake first , shiver , though he do not know why . he be astonished by purple bruise around ma 's throat . as if she feel he gaze , ma wake and muster a smile . Jack notice the white cloud of they breath in the air . jack ma , we be dragon . ma sit up . registers the chill . get out of bed , she turn on the lamp : no light . Jack be crush to find he Jeep , one wheel snap off . ma open the refrigerator : dark inside . she 's appal . ma he 's cut the power . she glance at the keypad : its little red light be out . with a wild , illogical hope , she hurl herself at the door and claw at its edge - but it 's still lock . Jack watch , bewilder : he 's never see she try to open it . 25 int . room - day 25 Jack be at the table read to he injure truck from alice . both be dress in all they clothes in a effort to keep warm . jack for , you see , so many out - of - the - way thing have happen lat-ely - ma lately . jack - lately , that Alice have begin to think that very few thing indeed be really impossible . ma come to the table and dole out half - thaw green bean . ma lunch ! jack no thanks . ma we have to use they up before they rot . once we eat we will feel warmer . Jack make himself chew a limp bean . ma nibble a few , with a show of enthusiasm . Jack look at he three - wheeled truck . jack when 's Old Nick go to put the power back ? ma soon. jack when 's soon ? ( continued ) 25 continued : 25 ma once he 's not mad with I anymore . Jack watch the bruise on she throat move . jack I hope he never come back not ever . ma Jack . think about it . he do , with difficulty . jack no Sunday treat ? ma no anything . Jack try the bean again - then spit it out quietly . ma watch he , kiss he , force herself to begin tell he the truth . ma ( cont 'd ) hey Jack . remember the mouse ? jack my friend mouse ? ma you know where he be right now ? Jack look all around room . ma ( cont 'd ) on the other side of this wall . Jack stare hard at the wall . jack what other side ? ma oh Jack , everything have two side . jack not a octagon . ma no , that 's - ( continued ) 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 jack ( overlapping ) a octagon have eight . ma hold up she hand flat . ma but a wall 's like this . and we be on the inside , in room , and mouse be on the outside , see ? jack in Outer Space ? ma no , in the world . it 's much closer than Outer Space . she show he the distance with she hand . jack ( overlapping ) I do not see any outside side . ma but if we be outside in the world , we would , we would be look at the other side of this wall , and mouse lie in the grass with he ma. we would see tree and car and - jack ( overlapping ) grass be just tv . ma be it , though ? you know when door open and the air come in , the air that smell fresher - that 's grass . Jack try to laugh . jack you can not smell tv . ma but it 's not tv . it 's the real world we smell . you be so smart , I know you have start wonder . ( continued ) 25 continued : ( 3 ) 25 Jack shake he head . ma ( cont 'd ) where do you think Old Nick get we food ? jack from tv by magic . ma there 's no magic ! everything we see on tv - it 's picture of real stuff and real people in the world . jack dora 's real for real ? ma no , sorry , not dora , she 's just a picture , but the other one , with face like ours - and there 's real street and ocean , dog , cat - jack ( overlapping ) no way . where would they all fit ? ma just out there , in the world . Jack , tired of this , change the subject . jack can I have a sandwich ? control she exasperation , ma get out a half slice of bread and add a ration scraping of peanut butter . she set down he food and he come to the table to eat it . ( continued ) 25 continued : ( 4 ) 25 ma stand with she hand in she armpit to warm they . she stare around as if for proof . crane up at the skylight . ma look ! a leaf ! jack where ? ma on skylight . she climb up on a chair and lift Jack onto she shoulder so he can see . his head be close to the recess skylight . he look at a brown , sodden half - rotted leaf . jack dumbo ma . that 's not a leaf . leave be green . ma on the tree they be but when they fall they rot , like salad , in the fridge , they -. jack ( interrupt ) where 's all the stuff you say ? tree and dog and - ma ( overlapping ) well , we can not see they from here because the skylight look upwards instead of sideways . Jack suddenly struggle to get down , nearly toppling they . jack ( overlapping ) you be just trick I . ma no I be not . jack liar liar pants on fire ! ma Jack . I could not explain before , you be too small to understand , so .. I have to make up a story . ( more ) ( continued ) 25 continued : ( 5 ) 25 ma ( cont 'd ) but now - it 's the opposite of lie , I be unlying , because now you be five I think you can understand about the world , you have to understand . Jack shake he head , not in bewilderment but in resistance . ma ( cont 'd ) Jack - jack I want to be four again . they face each other , stand with the table between they . ma muster the energy to try again , tell he she own story this time . she pick up Jack 's copy of alice in wonderland . ma you know how Alice be not always in wonderland ? jack she fall down down down the hole . ma well , I be like Alice . I be not always in room . a heavy silence , as Jack absorb this . ma ( cont 'd ) I use to be a little girl call Joy . I live - jack ( overlapping ) Nah ! ma I live in a house out in the world ( tap on the wall ) - with my mom and dad . you would call they grandma and grandpa . jack what house ? ma the house where we live , with a hammock in the back yard . we use to swing in the hammock and eat ice cream . ( continued ) 25 continued : ( 6 ) 25 jack a tv house ? ma it 's not tv , Jack . be you listen ? no answer from he . ma ( cont 'd ) and then I be nearly grow up , I be seventeen , I be walk to school and - jack where be I ? ma still up in heaven . so this guy run up to I , say he - jack ( overlapping ) what guy ? ma we call he Old Nick , but I do not know he real name . he pretend he dog be sick , he seem really - jack ( overlapping ) what 's the dog 's name ? ma there be no dog . it be just a trick to get I into he truck . Old Nick steal I . jack I want a different story . ma you need to hear this one . he put I in he garden shed . jack where ? ma here . room 's the shed . he 's the only one with the code - secret number to open the door . I have be lock in here for seven year . do you understand ? ( continued ) 25 continued : ( 7 ) 25 Jack 's have enough . jack this story 's boring . beat . ma Jack , the world . you would not believe how big it be . room 's only a tiny stinky piece of it . jack room 's not stinky . only when you do a fart . ma sit 's down . she do not look at Jack . ma ok . jack I do not believe in you stinky world . ma ( bitter , still not look at he ) Fine . that 's fine Jack . another long miserable pause . Jack , angry and upset , watch she for a while then sit down on the floor and take out he toy from under the tv . he play quietly . ma look up at the skylight . as she watch a gust of wind blow the leaf away . later - dusk ma and Jack be in bed , under the duvet in they clothes , shudder with cold . Jack try the lamp . nothing . he fix the dent in the shade then lie back down . a terrible flatness in the air . ma be turn away from Jack . she have be cry . 26 omitted 26 ( continued ) 26 continued : 26 27 int . room - day 27 next morning , a sunny day . Jack wake up beside ma. jack it 's warm again . but she pull the pillow over she head . he know it 's one of she rare catatonic go day . ( continued ) 27 continued : 27 later . Jack eat cereal and watch dora ( sound on very low ) . dora and boot where do we go next ? River , Bridge , highest Hill . will you check my backpack for something to help we ? later . tv off . Jack creep up to ma and study what he can see of she bruise , which be more purple- black today . he try to read ma 's watch but the angle make it hard . he play at switch ma on with the remote . later . Jack play chess ( with they homemade papier mo ché set ) against he truck . later . kick a shrivel red balloon to keep it in the air . later . it 's turn cloudy . Jack nibble a bagel at the table . later . he make a tour of he domain , he friend . jack ( v.o. ) eggsnake 's we longest friend and fanciest . meltedy spoon 's the best to eat with because he 's more blobbier . labyrinth be the twistiest and she hide thing so I do not know where . toilet 's the best at disappear poo . lamp 's the brightest except when the powercut . ( glance at ma ) you be the best at read and song and lot except if you be have a go Day . I be the best at draw and jump and grow and nearly everything . he examine the truck 's break axle . yank on another wheel until it snap off . then the last two . he twist the door off . stuff the truck , its part and remote in the trash . later , light fade . Jack lie beside ma , long to breastfeed . lift the edge of she t-shirt , but do not dare . he sit up , rest he hand on the bump of ma 's foot . 28 int . room - day 28 next day . ma ( apparently normal again ) and Jack finish they cereal . ( continued ) 28 continued : 28 ma Apple ? he take a big bite and hand it back to she . ma bite in , wince . she reach into she mouth and pull out a tooth . ma ( cont 'd ) about time . jack bad tooth ? can I have it ? ma sure , if you want it . 29 int . room - day 29 a little later . Jack be watch wildlife while ma clean up from breakfast : baby turtles emerge from shell and head down the beach . tying up the trash bag , she find the truck , and realize that Jack have destroy it because it come from Old Nick . jack be turtles real ? ma 's head shoot up : this be the first sign that he 's start to believe she about the world . ma totally real . I have a pet turtle . david attenborough crocodile , shark , and hungry fish be all wait in the shallow . jack crocodile and shark - ma they be all real . ( continued ) 29 continued : 29 curious , Jack switch channel : a 1970 BBC mini-sery , the six wive of henry VIII . anne oh , my lord ... henry ( eyeing the child ) not while he play here ... anne ( smile ) I will send he away - jack ( overlapping ) Real ? ma ah , they be real people play dress - up , pretend to be people from hundred of year ago . Jack be puzzle by that . he switch channel : tom and jerry . jack just tv ? ma you be get it ! he watch the slapstick violence with relish . jack when Old Nick come back , I be go to kick he in the butt . this suddenly puncture she mood . ma Jack . ma march over and turn off the tv , startling he . ma ( cont 'd ) one night I stand behind the door with the lid of the toilet tank - Jack look towards it , confuse : what lid ? ( continued ) 29 continued : ( 2 ) 29 ma ( cont 'd ) - it use to have a lid , it be the heaviest thing in room . when he come in I try to smash it down on he head . but I mess up , Jack . he shove the door shut and grab I by the wrist - that 's why it 's sore now . jack we could wait till he 's asleep and kill he dead . ma yes we could , but then we would have no more food - and we would not know the code , on the door , to get out . jack the grandma and the grandpa could come . ma they do not know where we be , Jack . room 's not on any map . his eye slide to the blank screen . ( continued ) 29 continued : ( 3 ) 29 jack can I have more tv ? ma Jack , I want you to listen to I . Jack ! he look at she . ma ( cont 'd ) you be old enough now and we can not wait any longer ... Jack you be go to help I trick Old Nick like Jack in the storey be always trick the giant . 30 int . room - day 30 a little later , Water boil in a pot on the stove . Jack lie on the bed . ma I be go to make you face so scorching hot that Old Nick will take you to the hospital in he truck , and the minute you get there you will tell the doctor , ' help ! Police ! jack you can tell it . ( continued ) 30 continued : 30 ma I will write you a note to give they . jack you can give they . ma I will not be in the hospital , I will be here . Jack jump up , rigid with panic . jack no. no. ma it will be ok . jack with you ! ma he will not take we both . you will go first , just to the hospital so you can tell the police , and then ... her conviction falter at this point , but she fake it . ma ( cont 'd ) then you will come rescue I . he shake he head . ( continued ) 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 ma ( cont 'd ) we will be free . go on hike , see bird . ride in car and train and plane . I will teach you to swim . we will have friend . and a dog - we will call he lucky . a party with a cake with candle , we friend sing . Jack think . jack maybe next year when I be six . ma 's face fall . then harden . ma tonight . Jack start shaking he head frantically . ma ( cont 'd ) it have to be tonight . Jack flee to the wardrobe , to shut himself in . ma ( cont 'd ) listen to I . ( continued ) 30 continued : ( 3 ) 30 she stop he before he can slam the louver door . ma ( cont 'd ) I be go to tell he the powercut make you so cold , you get a fever . we might not get another chance . it 's a miracle he do not come last night . jack tomorrow . ma I be you ma. sometimes I have to pick for both of we . slowly , she pull , till he small hand release the door . 31 int . room - night 31 later . Jack be back on the bed , he face red . ma hold a cloth wrung out with hot water over he forehead . jack ow ! ma you need to feel hot when he touch you . Jack start cry at the prospect . ma stroke he as she press the bag to he forehead . ma ( cont 'd ) crying 's good , it make you look sicker . then she move the bag to each cheek in turn . ma ( cont 'd ) and stay floppy , remember ? you be too weak to move or say a word . ( continued ) 31 continued : 31 she shove she finger down she throat to make she retch . jack what be you do ? ma mange to vomit a little . she rub it on the pillow beside Jack , which horrify he . ma make you smell sick . ma check she watch , and press the cloth to he face . ma ( cont 'd ) remember when you get to the hospital you give they the note . show I how you hold it out . Jack fumble in he pocket for the edge of the note . something fall out with it . ma ( cont 'd ) what 's that . she pick it up . her bad tooth . she give it back to he . ma ( cont 'd ) see , that 's a bit of I you have with you all the time . jack I be scared . ma stroke he face . ma I know . ( continued ) 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 the door beep , startling they both . ma shove the wet rag and the pot of hot water under the bed . Jack hide he red face in the pillow , go limp . the door open and Old Nick step in with a grocery bag . ma ( cont 'd ) there you be ! he scowl at she , and shoulder the door shut . old nick you know the drill : not a peep out of you till the door 's shut . ma sorry , just - Jack 's really bad . Old Nick put the grocery down , grimace at the smell . ma ( cont 'd ) it be so cold . old nick you bring that on yourself . ma I could not keep he warm , and now he 's burn . old nick give he one of that painkiller . ma I have try , he puke they back up . Old Nick come up close to Jack . ma ( cont 'd ) do not - he elbow she out of the way lay he hand across Jack 's forehead . Jack let out a whimper of fear that pass for pain . old nick I will get he something stronger . ( continued ) 31 continued : ( 3 ) 31 ma he 's only five ! dehydrate , temperature this high , he could go into convulsion any minute . old nick ( overlapping ) shut up and let I think . ma he need antibiotic . old nick I will bring something tomorrow night . ma tomorrow night ? you have to take he to the er right now . old nick enough with the hysterics . ma I be begging you . please ! Old Nick tap the code into the keypad , hide he hand . ma cling to he . ma ( cont 'd ) if you be even halfway human - as the door open he thrust she away and she stumble . when the door boom shut , Jack lift he head . they trick do not work ... and he 's relieved . ma be crumpled against the wall where she fall . 32 int . room - night 32 Jack sleep sweetly and peacefully in ma 's arm in bed . she stare into the dark . 33 int . room - day 33 next morning , Jack be eat he cereal cheerfully . ma , hollow - eye , have not touch hers . ( continued ) 33 continued : 33 ma so edmond pull he friend 's body out of the bag and hide it , and he climb into the bag , and lie super still until the guard come . Jack nod , enjoy the familiar story . ma ( cont 'd ) and that 's what you be go to do . he stop eat . ma ( cont 'd ) see ? it 's even tricksier than pretend to be sick : this time you be go to be dead . Jack look over at the fold paper grocery bag . jack ( with relief ) we bag be too small for be dead in . ma shove the table and chair away to one side . jack ( cont 'd ) be it time for track ? ma start haul up the rug , testing how it bend . ma rug 's go to be the bag , see ? jack I do not want to be dead . ma pretend to be dead , that 's all . wrapped up so Old Nick can not see that you be alive . but not floppy this time . all stiff like a robot . and not a sound . and I will be in you head , talk to you all the time . ( she tap Jack 's head ) ( more ) ( continued ) 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 ma ( cont 'd ) he 's go to carry you outside , all roll up in rug , and he will put you in the back of he pick - up and drive somewhere to bury you - jack ( overlapping ) no ! ma it 's ok . you will wriggle free and jump out of the truck . you will - jack ( overlapping ) I do not like this trick . ma come on , Jack , let 's try roll you up . jack uh uh . ma please Jack , try just for a minute . jack half a minute . ma ok . ( continued ) 33 continued : ( 3 ) 33 a little later : he 's lie down on the rug . ma ( cont 'd ) okey -dokey . she roll he up . we be with Jack inside the rug . ma ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) can you hear I ? can you breathe ? jack yeah . ma ( o.s. ) excellent ! he will pick you up - stay stiff as you can . Jack hold himself rigid as ma lift he up . ma ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) then he will put you in he truck . set down awkwardly , Jack bite he lip , but stay quiet . ma ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the second you hear the engine - she make engine noise and shake he . ma ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) - that mean Old Nick 's busy drive , so that 's you chance to start wriggle out . now , Jack . wriggle out . jack I can not . I be stick . he burst into loud tear . ma ( o.s. ) remember you superpower . Jack cry harder . ma unroll he fast and hug he . then take a long breath . ma ( cont 'd ) ok , it 's too many turn . up , up . I will fold the end over like this . ( she fold the end of the rug to make it narrower ) now lie down and fold you arm like this . ( continued ) 33 continued : ( 4 ) 33 she fold they across Jack 's chest , elbow stick out . ( continued ) 33 continued : ( 5 ) 33 ma ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) there , now push up you arm . jack I can not . ma push , Jack . his elbow scrape through and he finger clasp hers . ma ( cont 'd ) now roll . Jack make a feeble try , barely move . pant , sob . ma ( cont 'd ) ok . take a breath . jack get I out . ma ( o.s. ) you be get yourself out . jack out ! ma ( o.s. ) if you panic , Old Nick will hear that you be alive , and he will be mad . Jack groan . ma ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I know you , Jack . I know you can do this . Jack clenches he tooth and start to writhe and roll side to side . he roll over face down , and get he butt slightly in the air , bend the cylinder of the rug . he roll the other way , sit up : the rug open . he claw he way out , he face red and smear . ma be look almost as distraught as he , but she grin . ma ( cont 'd ) you do it ! you be the banana ! ( continued ) 33 continued : ( 6 ) 33 jack I hate you . the first time he 's ever say it : they be both shocked . ma that 's ok . I bring you here to room . I do not mean to but I do , and I have always be so glad . and now it 's my job to get you out . 34 int . room - dusk 34 later . Jack 's lie half roll in the rug . he 's be wait for hour . ma crouch beside he drilling he in the plan . jack truck , wriggle out , jump , run - ma wait till the truck slow down at the first stop sign - if you jump when it 's go fast you might - she stop talk so as not to cry . check she watch . stare at the door as if she can will it to open . ma ( cont 'd ) so truck , wriggle out , jump when it slow down ... Jack struggle to remember the list . jack somebody , run - ma jump , run , then shout to somebody and show they the note . Jack check the for note in he pocket . ma ( cont 'd ) tell they you ma be Joy newsome and ­ ( continued ) 34 continued : 34 jack who be somebody ? ma anybody - the first person you see . jack a actual real person . ma nod , worried by he linger confusion . jack ( cont 'd ) what if Old Nick unwrap I ? ma he 's not go to - ma falter , put she head in she hand . she collect herself . ma ( cont 'd ) you get bad tooth in you pocket ? Jack point to he cheek . jack it 's in here so I do not lose it . beat ma you be go to love it . jack what ? ( continued ) 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 ma the world . live in the hammock house with you grandma and grandpa ... jack and you . we see that ma do not believe she will get out , but she nod . bend over and hide she face by put it against he . jack ( cont 'd ) sing . ma kneel back up into position . ma one evening as the sun go down and the jungle fire be burn , down the track come a hobo hikin ' , and he say " boy , I be not turn . I be head for a land that 's far away , beside the crystal fountain . so , come with I , we will go and see the Big - the door beep , and ma roll Jack up , very fast . we be in the dark with he , the rug press close . sound of Old Nick step in . proud of himself . old nick ( o.s. ) antibiotics . the door shut with a boom . old nick ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be you nut , wrapping a sick kid up in that ? ma 's voice be very close because she 's bent over the rug . ma ( o.s. ) he get worse in the night . she wait , give Old Nick time to figure it out . in the rug , Jack lie freeze except for he flicker eye . ma ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) he would not wake up . ( continued ) 34 continued : ( 3 ) 34 old nick ( o.s. ) be you sure ? she let seven year of rage pour out . ma ( o.s. ) be I sure ? in the rug , Jack blink in fright . old nick ( o.s. ) ah gee . that 's - poor girl . his self - justification kick in right away . old nick ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) guess it must have be serious , pill would not have work anyway . ma ( o.s. ) you kill my baby . old nick ( o.s. ) take it easy . let I - Jack 's eye squeeze tightly shut : total darkness . ma ( overlapping ) ( o.s. ) keep you hand off he ! old nick ( o.s. ) ok , ok . Jack open he eye again , inside the rug . old nick ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) he can not stay here , you know . ma where will you take he ? old nick ( o.s. ) I do not know . I be think . ma ( o.s. ) not here . I would feel he . I would know . old nick ( o.s. ) ok . ma ( o.s. ) drive he somewhere nice , somewhere with lot of tree . ( continued ) 34 continued : ( 4 ) 34 old nick ( o.s. ) tree , sure . ma ( o.s. ) keep he wrap up . swear you will not even look at he with you filthy eye . old nick ( o.s. ) I swear . ( think ) it will be dark in a hour . ma ( scream at he ) now . I can not bear it . old nick ok , ok . Jack feel himself be scoop up by Old Nick . ma ( o.s. ) gently ! old nick ( o.s. ) get back and turn around . Jack be tilt head down as Old Nick tap the code . ma start to moan quietly . a sway motion as he carry Jack outside . ma 's voice be cut off by the boom of the door . 35 ext . old nick's house - back yard - dusk 35 we be with Jack ; glimpsis of twilight sky , shrub , hedge through the end of the carpet . a terrible pause as Old Nick contemplate the back yard . then walk on . Jack be heave face - down into the flatbe of a old pick-up . a pause - Jack sense a light go on nearby . then the clang of a shovel be drop onto the bed of truck beside the rug . Old Nick 's footstep , head for the driver 's seat . sound of the truck rumbling to life . 36 ext . STREET near old nick be - dusk 36 sound and shaking : the truck roar along too fast . we be with Jack , stunne , face - down in the darkness . ( continued ) 36 continued : 36 at last he remember that he 's mean to be wriggle out . he writhes , but the rug have tightened in transit . with a effort , Jack manage to roll over . no better . the engine quieten as the truck slow . Jack be not sure if that 's he signal and anyway he 's still trap in the rug . the truck do not stop at the stop sign , only slow . Jack remember he arm . he force it above he head , wince as the rug scrape the skin off he elbow . Jack put all he misery into movement , thrashing about , kick , jack - knife like a die fish . the truck 's engine lull as it make a roll stop . Jack feel the rug slide a little across the flatbe , which give he just enough momentum that he bend , with a deep grunt , and the rug start to roll open . he burst out , on hand and knee : like a birth . elbow and lip bloody , face cover in hair , snot and tear . the world hit Jack : street lamp , wind in he face , shocking color of the sunset . tree and house loom and then recede , like a rollercoaster . his glance fall on the shovel mean for he grave . Jack 's eye focus on the cab of the truck and what he realize must be the back of Old Nick 's head , drive . Old Nick slow at the third stop , and swing right . Jack be flung headlong , bang he leg on the leave of the flatbe . the truck screech to a stop , because Old Nick hear the noise and glimpse Jack in he rearview mirror . he fling the driver 's door open . Jack scrabble over to the opposite side . Old Nick jump down and stride around the truck . Jack leap down to the tarmac , bloody he leave knee . his jaw smashes into he right knee . he pick a direction at random and tear away from the truck , stumble , keep go . a large dog on a long leash , emerge from a yard . ( continued ) 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 doug ( a big man in he forty ) and he 2 - year - old daughter carrie , both in winter outdoor clothes , follow . Jack run into the man , find himself on the ground with the dog snarling at he . doug boomer ! he pull the dog away by the collar . Old Nick catch up , and scoops Jack up with one arm . pin in the air , Jack lash out in soundless terror . Old Nick stride back towards the truck with he . doug ( cont 'd ) Excuse I ? hey . Old Nick put Jack down but hold he shoulder . Jack cringe , eye on the ground . doug ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry . be you little girl ok ? old nick it 's under control . Doug stare at Jack 's bloody knee , elbow , lip . doug she be in some kind of accident ? you want I to call someone ? old nick I will take care of it . Jack can not speak , but pull out the note . Old Nick snatch it out of he hand , scrunching it . doug what 's that you get there , honey ? old nick ( overlapping ) why do not you mind you own business and I will mind mine ? doug ok , I do not like this . ( continued ) 36 continued : ( 3 ) 36 ( continued ) 36 continued : ( 4 ) 36 he pull out he cellphone and dial . Old Nick pick up Jack again and hurry to he truck . Doug wait impatiently for the emergency operator . doug ( shout after Old Nick ) I have get you plate , mister ! k93 - Old Nick drop Jack in the street and break into a run . doug ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey ! Jack , lie in a heap , hear the driver 's door slam . then the engine start . Jack look around : the truck be barrel towards he . confused and dizzy , he crawl towards the sidewalk . the truck roar past : a getaway , not attempt murder . Jack watch the truck zoom through the next stop . he collapse and blink up at the vast evening sky . after a beat , Doug , lean in , interrupt the view . the dog be there , too . doug ( cont 'd ) it 's ok , honey . Jack curl himself up in a ball . 37 int . STREET near old nick be - dusk 37 a patrol car pull up at the scene . Doug leave the still curl up Jack and hurry to the car to talk to the emerge officer grabowski . Jack , shudder with cold notice carrie stare at he . he feel he lip , touch the blood , look at it , taste . then see a oval on the ground . he pick it up : a leaf . officer parker , a female officer , hunker down beside he . officer parker hey there , I be Officer parker . what 's you name ? there 's something reassure about she and Jack force himself to talk to one of this alien being - but barely whisper , and he can not look she in the eye . ( continued ) 37 continued : 37 jack Jack . officer parker Jackie ? jack Jack . she lean in to hear he better . Jack flinch away . Officer grabowski come closer now , on he walkie-talkie . officer grabowski we have a disturb female juvenile , possible domestic - officer parker ( overlapping ) male . he do a double- take . officer grabowski correction , male juvenile . officer parker you must be freezing , Jack . with a jerk of the head , she send grabowski to the car . officer grabowski ( on the walkie- talkie ) that 's negative . White male , six foot , forty , fifty , beard , red pick - up , Ford , ninety f150 , maybe , no state partial plate k93 . officer parker do you have another name ? Jack ? he jump , not realize she be talk to he again . officer parker ( cont 'd ) do you know how old you be ? Jack nod . peek at she buckle , badge , gun , not face . officer parker ( cont 'd ) how many finger ? jack ( nonpluss ) ten. ( continued ) 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 officer parker ( incredulous ) you be ten year old ? jack ten finger . he spread he two hand . he still can not meet she eye but he 's desperately try to communicate . officer parker no , I mean show I with you finger how old you be . jack I be five . he spread one hand , in case she do not get it . officer parker five , great . and you address ? Jack do not know what this mean , so ignore it . back with a blanket , Officer grabowski address parker . officer grabowski guess we should get onto child Protection ? she make a ' wait ' gesture and wrap the blanket around Jack , who stiffen . officer parker where do you sleep at night , Jack ? where do you go to bed ? jack in wardrobe . officer grabowski in a wardrobe ? officer parker you have a Mom , Jack ? jack ma. officer parker be that she real name , Jack ? jack she use to be Joy . ( continued ) 37 continued : ( 3 ) 37 officer parker be there another name , after Joy . Jack struggle but can not remember ` newsome ' . officer parker ( cont 'd ) where 's you Mom right now ? Jack suddenly realize that Old Nick - furious because Jack 's alive and have escape - might be head back to hurt she . jack room . officer parker what room ? where 's the room ? jack not on any map . Officer parker 's question come faster as she concern grow . officer parker the man with the truck , that you dad ? ma 's boyfriend ? you know he ? jack Old Nick . officer grabowski speak up ! Officer parker glare at he : he 's not help . jack ( louder ) Old Nick . but that 's not he name . officer parker do this Nick guy hurt you ? she go to touch he lip , but he flinch away . jack I bit I by accident . and the , the , the - he pat the ground to remember the word . jack ( cont 'd ) the hard of the street . I jump and smashed my knee . ( continued ) 37 continued : ( 4 ) 37 he remember bad tooth and take it out of he mouth . officer parker what 's that , Jack ? jack a bit of ma. both officer peer at bad tooth , and exchange a dark look . 38 int . police car - night 38 Inside the move police car . Jack 's head jerk as he try to make sense of the pass image . he flinch as a car pass in the other direction . bewilder sign : yield , hidden driveway . officer parker so , Jack ? you see anything ? jack everything . ( continued ) 38 continued : 38 officer parker no , but anything you recognise ? you room , Jack , be it in a bungalow - all one level ? or stair ? what 's outside the room ? jack Space . ( correct himself ) the world . he pluck at the seat belt , which be too high for he and press uncomfortably on he neck . officer grabowski you reckon the kid 's on something ? officer parker Jack , when you step out the door - Jack shake he head anxiously . officer parker ( cont 'd ) you do not like to go outside ? jack we do not know to open the door . officer grabowski my money 's on some kind of cult . the tooth , the long hair ... officer parker be there daylight in you room ? Jack nod . officer parker ( cont 'd ) how many window ? jack Zero . he make a circle with he finger so she will understand . ( continued ) 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 officer parker then how do the sun come in ? jack through skylight . officer parker excellent . ( on she walkie - talkie ) check the satellite . sound like he mother 's be hold in a house with a skylight . officer grabowski needle in a haystack ... jack ( overlapping ) room 's not a house . officer parker ok . jack it 's a ... officer parker yeah ? jack it 's a ... officer grabowski might get more out of he when he 's have some sleep . officer parker ( to grabowski ) Tom , give I a break . jack ( overlap ) room 's a ... a shed . officer parker a shed ! you be do great , Jack . now , after you get in the truck - Jack shake he head . jack he put I - I be not mean to be alive . ( continued ) 38 continued : ( 3 ) 38 officer parker what make you jump out of the truck , Jack ? jack ma say in my head . he tap it . officer parker what do she say , exactly ? jack jump when it slow down . but I could not , I be all ... he 's remember be trap in the rug . officer parker so what do you do ? jack the third time , I get bang . officer parker the third time of what ? jack the third slow , everything go sideways - ( mime be flung across flatbe ) - and then it stop and I jump and - officer parker ( overlapping ) gotcha ! she close she eye and fix the geometry of Jack 's journey in she mind . officer parker ( cont 'd ) ( on she walkie - talkie ) Control . listen carefully . South on maple , three stop sign from the junction with Beach , look for a garden shed with a skylight . Officer grabowski , impressed , swing the car around . 39 int . police car - night 39 Minutes later . outside a unlit house , with a Police van and a back - up , unmark car park face the other way . a plain clothes officer be knock on the front door of the house . Jack watch through the car window as Officer parker consult with a older white male officer , also plain clothes . parker and the older officer start to poke around the side of the house , disappear for a moment before run back . Officer parker take what look like a crowbar from the trunk of the car . she draw she weapon . grabowski move to leave the car . officer parker stay with the boy . she disappear around the back of the house . Jack hyperventilate , think about Old Nick and ma. officer grabowski ( eye Jack in mirror ) you ok , kid ? we hear shouting , a crack of split wood . Jack start claw at the car door , can not find the handle . officer grabowski ( cont 'd ) hey , hey , take it easy . a figure hurtle towards the car : ma . she can not get the door open either because of the lock . face press to the glass , she and Jack almost touch . then , at last the door be open and Jack be in she arm . 40 int . police car - night 40 a little later . Jack and ma , in blanket , hold each other as the police cruiser move through the night . Jack do a huge yawn , utterly exhaust now the adrenalin be go . jack can we go to bed now ? ma we can do anything . they will find we somewhere to sleep soon . jack no , but bed . in room . ( continued ) 40 continued : 40 ma realize he think they escape would be temporary . she hug he as he drift off to sleep . 40a int . hospital - emergency room - night 40 a still in ma 's arm , Jack half wake to find himself carry through a hospital emergency room . they be be bustle along by officer parker and grabowski , a female plain clothes detective , a doctor , a nurse and a hospital security guard . a woman in she 5as , be beside they , she arm around ma . this be nancy , ma 's mother . it 's like a strange dream to Jack . through the group around he he can make out other figure wait in chair . he can hear a drunk shouting , phone ringing . jack ma. ma shush he , stroking he hair . he drift back to sleep . 41 omitted 41 42 omitted 42 43 omitted 43 44 omitted 44 45 int . hospital - ma and jack suite - day 45 next morning . a bright hospital room . Jack and ma share the fancy hospital bed . a cot bed , unused , have be set up to one side . Jack be awake but content to lie close to ma for a while - study the dial and switch on the wall above he head . he look at ma , asleep , bruise fade to yellow - green . he sit up and pull back the sheet . he 's wear only a pair of underpant from room which look particularly wretch in this new antiseptic environment . he touch the part of the mattress he 's be lie on . it 's damp . he examine a bandage on he knee . he get up . on a side table , he see a plate with the remain of some toast on it and a half drunk cup of tea . he sniff at the food . there be two surgical mask there , also . he walk slowly to the opposite wall , he little figure silhouett against the translucent blind . he stop in front of the one window which have its blind draw . the hospital suite be high up and the view be spectacular . ( continued ) 45 continued : 45 from the back we study Jack 's small figure and beyond it the vast world below . ( continued ) 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 come around on Jack 's face we see that he be try to make sense of what he 's see . it take he a moment to realize what he 's look at and how high above ground he be . his breathe quicken and he turn and scurries back to bed . he shake he mom . jack ma. ma. she begin to wake . ma good morning sleepy head . I be wait so long for you to wake I fall back asleep . jack be this another planet ? ma same one , just a different bit . it 's a room - ( hear the word ) a bedroom in a hospital . Jack think about this . jack be we sick for real or pretend ? ma we be not sick . we be the opposite of sick . beat . jack how long be we stay ? ma not long . grandma see we last night and she will take we when they say we be ok . jack and grandpa . ma he be away at work but he 's get on a plane to come home . ( continued ) 45 continued : ( 3 ) 45 beat . jack I wetted the bed ... before . I be sorry . ( continued ) 45 continued : ( 4 ) 45 ma that 's ok . the bedside phone burst to life , frightening Jack . ma pick it up . ma ( cont 'd ( cont 'd ) yes , just now . ok ... if that 's ok , thank you . ma hang up as Jack start tug the sheet off the bed . she stop he . ma ( cont 'd ) do not worry about that . someone will wash it . come on , we have to get ready . ma step out of bed . she 's wear a robe . it say ` Tyler Forest Hospital ' jack what 's that ? ma do you like it ? there 's one for you , too . she pick up a robe from beside the bed , put he in it - it 's way too big , then she begin to take off he damp underpant . 45a int . hospital - bathroom - continuous 45a ma and Jack come into the bathroom . ma throw Jack 's underpant in the trash . jack that 's waste . ma we will get new one . jack for Sunday treat ? ma there be go to be so many treat , not just on Sunday . Jack look around . ( continued ) 45a continued : 45a jack where 's the bath . ma it 's a shower instead . splashier . ma notice a large mirror . this be the first time she 's see herself properly in 7 year . she study herself - bare she tooth . she point out they reflection to Jack . ( continued ) 45a continued : ( 2 ) 45 a ma ( cont 'd ) Jack , look . it 's we . this be the first time Jack have ever properly see himself . jack ma , will he find we . ma no , he will never , ever come again . 46 int . hospital - ma and jack suite - bathroom - day 46 ma and Jack be in the shower . Jack be press to the door , as far away as possible from the powerful jet of water . jack bath before bed . she can not hear he over the noise of the water . ma what ? jack bath before bed , that 's the rule . ma there be not any rule now , Jack . we can do what we like ! Jack be unnerve by all this . ma groan with pleasure as she let the water hit the back of she neck . jack be you hurt ? ma laugh . Jack edge into the water and she wash he with a hand towel . 47 int . hospital - ma and jack suite - morning 47 both in robe with wet hair . while ma look out the window Jack nose around the room take in the strange experience of a unknown space . he open a drawer , then another . empty . a very light tap at the door which only Jack hear . ( continued ) 47 continued : 47 jack the door 's tick . the door open a little . ma jump . Jack hide behind he mother as a man 's head - wear a surgical mask - appear around the door . dr . mittal hello there , I hear we be all wake up . ma that 's right . Jack 's bury he head in . ma ( cont 'd ) it 's ok , Jack . dr . mittal ( thirty / forty ) come further into the room . a nurse push in a breakfast trolly then leave . dr . mittal hi there , Jack . I be Dr. mittal . you be asleep when I cam in this morning . Jack will not make eye contact . dr . mittal ( cont 'd ) you must be hungry ? no answer . Dr. mittal move the breakfast trolley in front of ma and Jack . ma remove the plastic dome lid and foil . Jack stare at the strange food . he run he finger around the blue rim of he plate and look at it to see if the color have come off . ma eat . dr . mittal ( cont 'd ) so , I have some thing for you both . he hand 2 pair of sunglass to ma. dr . mittal ( cont 'd ) you may find it more comfortable to wear this if you go outside . some sunscreen . holding up a surgical mask . dr . mittal ( cont 'd ) for Jack . ( continued ) 47 continued : ( 2 ) 47 ma be that really necessary ? dr . mittal lot of germ in the air to get use to . ( take out some pill ) my colleague have prescribe this for the pain in you wrist until we can schedule a surgery . ( hand over a last bottle ) and something to help you sleep . ( continued ) 47 continued : ( 3 ) 47 ma ok . thanks . ( to Jack who be still play with he food ) try it , it 's delicioso . Jack 's not convinced . dr . mittal have you think any more about what we discuss this morning ? ma thanks for the offer but we be go to go home . dr . mittal you know my view . after what you have experience , and to assess Jack properly . and just to soften the transition - ma ( interrupt ) nothing happen to Jack . dr . mittal I understand , but even at a cognitive - sensory level - depth perception , auditory processing ... ma but he 's ok , right ? dr . mittal the most important thing you do be to get he out while he 's still plastic . ( continued ) 47 continued : ( 4 ) 47 jack ( whisper to ma ) I be not plastic . dr . mittal what 's that , Jack . ma he say he 's real , not plastic . mittal laugh . dr . mittal I can not argue with that , Jack . Real and very brave . ( continued ) 47 continued : ( 5 ) 47 we hear voice argue outside the door . one voice cut through . voice ( o.c. ) oh for God 's sake ... dr . mittal we can talk about this again later . it sound like you have more important thing to do right now . the door open and Nancy enter ( we meet she briefly in the emergency room ) carry a overnight bag . she be follow by a man in he sixty , rumple from travel . this be ROBERT , ma 's father . ma dad ! ROBERT my darling . they hug , the mask be quickly discard . Dr. mittal watch from the back of the room . nancy we could not wait any longer . ( continued ) 47 continued : ( 6 ) 47 Jack , forget , be frighten by what he see . he curl up . eventually , ma notice he . ma Jack , Jack it 's ok . this be you grandma and grandpa . nancy hello , Jack . Jack hide he face . nancy ( cont 'd ) that 's ok . thanks for save my little girl , Jack . Robert try to smile but he be very uneasy around Jack . Nancy lift the small bag she bring . nancy ( cont 'd ) I hope I do not forget anything . I be sure I do . 48 ext . hospital - upper storey terrace - day 48 Hospital roof garden . Jack stick close to ma . she be dress in track - suit bottom and she old warm winter coat . Jack have pajamas under he robe and a warm coat which do not quite fit . ma have a pair of she old boot on , Jack have trainer . they wear tinted glass against the brightness of the day . Jack be a strange sight , the part of he face not cover by he mask ( the other be unmask ) or woollen hat be smear in heavy sun screen . they sit with Robert and Nancy . Nancy smoke a slim cigarette . Jack watch she cigarette for a while , then he attention be snag by a nurse push a old woman in a wheelchair . he be also fascinate by the sky reflect in the mirrore glass of the building . ma run she hand along she coat . nancy ( off ma 's clothes ) I keep everything . Jack be find he shoe - the first he 's ever wear - irritate . he start to take they off . ( continued ) 48 continued : 48 ma leave they , Jack , you will get use to they . pause . ( continued ) 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 ROBERT you be here . they hug again . letting go at last they smile at each other for a long moment . we feel a history of great closeness between they . ma wipe away she tear . ma so , what 's in Michigan ? Robert and Nancy exchange glance . ma ( cont 'd ) ( sense something ) ok . she wait . ROBERT I be work out of the Grand rapid office . beat . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) I live there now . nancy oh , sweetie ... there have be a lot of change in we life since you have be go . you dad and I ... lose you , be very hard on we . and he and I ... ROBERT we have to go we different way . it be what we have to do . Jack do not understand any of this but hate the tension . ma whoa . this be not what I think be happen . nancy you father feel we have to accept that you be ... she stop herself . Robert suppress he anger . ROBERT people deal with thing in they own way . ( continued ) 48 continued : ( 3 ) 48 nancy I know you would come home one day . they sit . ma wow . ( continued ) 48 continued : ( 4 ) 48 nancy I be so sorry , I do not know how to tell you . they say we should talk to you together . Nancy be upset . ROBERT the Doctor mention this other place where they could help you , because it 's hard , you know , to suddenly - ma ( interrupt ) he have no idea what we have be through . nothing could compare to that . Robert and Nancy sit with this . ma ( cont 'd ) I tell he we be go home . ( to Nancy ) unless , you would prefer we ... nancy of course not . ( continued ) 48 continued : ( 5 ) 48 again a look pass between Robert and Nancy . nancy ( cont 'd ) honey , there 's something else I have to tell you . after you father and I separate I get close to someone else . actually someone you know . ROBERT ( in quickly ) leo. beat . ma ok , this be a lot of stuff . nancy yes it be . Nancy be upset . ROBERT Leo 's a good guy . you mother be much happier . it 's a good thing . Jack tug at ma. ( continued ) 48 continued : ( 6 ) 48 ma ( a hint of irritation ) what , Jack ? but he will not say it loud and she have to lean down to he . jack it 's too big here . ma it 's ok . jack I want some . he start to burrow under she coat . Robert be horrify . ROBERT what .. what 's he do ? ma be surprised by she father 's reaction . she bark at Jack . ma just wait a moment . we will go inside in a moment . Nancy try to calm she . nancy it 's ok . ma I need to go back now , anyway . there be thing we need to do inside . ma pull Jack to he foot . Jack risk a look at he grandparent . Robert look down , can not look Jack in the eye . ma notice Jack have take he shoe off . she start to fuss with they , then give up and lift Jack into she arm to bring he inside . 49 int . hospital - corridor / nurse station - day 49 ma and Jack , still mask , walk through the hospital corridor accompany by a nurse and a police guard . Jack be fascinate as they pass a nurse station , a man roll a drip on a stand , the door to a day room where several patient sit play card , read . 49a int . hospital - ma and jack room - day 49 a Jack lie on the bed listen to music on headphone . in the background ma talk to two detective . they show she image on a laptop which be turn away from Jack . 50 int . hospital examination room - day 50 Jack be weigh and measure . ( continued ) 50 continued : 50 Jack get he shot . blood be take . Jack be leave with a little cotton swab fix to this inner elbow with a thin band - aid . 51 int . hospital - ma and jack suite - night 51 later . quiet at last . ma and Jack alone , shoe and mask off . out of the big window as the last of the sun fade . ma pick at something plain from they dinner tray , while Jack breastfeed . in the background the tv news . news anchor ( v.o. ) which the major utility company say they will not cover . tenants ' organization have say they will fight this decision , if necessary at the federal level . beat news anchor and now to development in the case of the young woman , believe to be Joy newsome , ( a picture of a smile ma as a teenager come on screen ) who be rescue last night , along with she child , from a garden shed have allegedly be hold captive there for over seven year . we be get unconfirm report that a individual have just be arrest , after what one witness have call a ' short stand - off ' at a house on the east side . footage of Old Nick 's house . the room phone start to ring . ma pick up . ma I know , I be watch it right now . I can not believe it . I just want to be home now . news anchor ( v.o. ) both victim be understand to be receive medical attention at a unknown location . ( more ) ( continued ) 51 continued : 51 news anchor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the child , of unknown gender , be describe by one eyewitness as unable to walk .. ma wait , wait a second . she switch off the set . 52 omitted 52 53 int . clinic - foyer - day 53 ma , Jack ( mask , with sunglass on ) , Nancy and Robert move towards the door of the hospital where the resident FBI agent wait for they . Robert be carry the small bag that contain all of ma and Jack 's possession . ma put she sunglass on as they go through the door . dr . mittal you have you schedule of appointment , and you medication . please completely finish the course of antibiotic . ma I understand . dr . mittal you have my number . ma get it . dr . mittal if you need anything , if you just want to talk , you use it , alright ? ma nod . they pause at the door until they be beckone by FBI agent . ( continued ) 53 continued : 53 ma accompany Jack through the door . 54 ext . clinic - driveway - day 54 police and hospital security be outside along with FBI agent , a victim liason person and ma 's lawyer . as Jack again take in the scale of the outside world the adult get catch in the logistic of who go in which car , who will take ma 's bag , what will happen at the other end of the journey . Jack observe the little cluster of people with they overlap voice raise in clarification , reassurance ... ma and Jack be lead to one of the wait car . Jack bump he head get in . we watch the convoy pull away from the hospital and out into the world . 55 int . FBI car - day 55 a little later . driving through a better , neater neighborhood than Old Nick 's . Jack grip ma 's hand , watch the world pass . jack ( v.o. ) I have be in the world nineteen hour . I have see pancake and stair and a cat and window and hundred of car and bird and police and doctor and grandma and grandpa , and person with different face and bigness and smell talk all at the same time . the world 's like all tv planet on at the same time so I do not know which what to look and listen . Doors and door and behind all the door there 's another inside and another outside and thing happen-happen - happen , it never stop . plus the world 's always change brightness and hotness and there 's invisible germ float everywhere . when I be small I only know small thing but now I be five I know everything . ( continued ) 55 continued : 55 she take he mask off over he head . 56 int . FBI car - later 56 they turn onto a residential street of low house and well - groom lawn . it 's all familiar to ma yet utterly strange : a crowd of media ( national and international ) be set up across the road from she house behind temporary barricade . there be neighbor and well - wisher carry helium balloon , flower , toy , and sign . police keep order . ma ( under she breath ) Jesus . ma tidy she hair . Nancy , Robert and a lawyer emerge from the first car . Nancy manage a apologetic smile and half - wave to the neighbor who be watch from they own yard . resident agent lean in the driver 's window to address ma. resident agent ready for this ? ma adjust she shade and undoe she belt and Jack 's . ma ( to Jack ) ready ? jack steady - go . they climb out , head down , shield by FBI agent . Jack stumble , almost fall . now they be outside they can hear a news helicopter overhead : it sound like a war zone . Nancy join they , take Jack 's hand , and they rush for the front door . reporter 1 Joy ! Joy ! any message for you well - wisher ? what 's it like to be home ? ( continued ) 56 continued : 56 reporter 2 Jack ! Jack ! look this way . reporter 3 Jack ! how do you like the world so far ? resident agent you be do great . reporter 2 Joy ! what do you say to you captor ? Robert and the lawyer approach the cluster of reporter be hold back by the Police . lawyer at this time ... excuse I , please ... at this time I will read a brief statement from the family after which I would ask you to respect they privacy . I be sure you can understand this be a very - Nancy , ma and Jack step into ... 57 int . nancy and leo' house - hall - day 57 the hallway of Nancy and Leo 's house . the resident agent be with they . resident agent the back of the property be well screen , and we have add to that where necessary , so if you keep this drape close you will have complete privacy . we will be right outside if there 's anything at all you need . nancy thank you . thank you so much . the resident agent leave . Nancy , ma and Jack stand in the stillness . curtain draw , light on . nancy ( cont 'd ) my goodness . ( beat ) be you ok ? ( continued ) 57 continued : 57 ma nod . from out of the kitchen come a man in he late 5as . this be leo , Nancy 's partner . ( continued ) 57 continued : ( 2 ) 57 leo welcome home , honey . I be very very happy to see you . he have tear in he eye but he give ma she space , do not move to embrace she . ma leo. nancy Jack , this be Leo . leo hey there , sport . Jack take in this new person . Nancy lead they through to the main room where the curtain to the back yard be open . leo ( cont 'd ) what can I get you ? anyone hungry ? we have everything . nancy people have be so kind . we will not use it all . Jack , would you like a drink ? Jack stick close to ma. ma Jack , grandma 's ask if you would like something to drink . Jack pull she down to whisper in she ear . ma ( cont 'd ) juice ? ( to Nancy ) just some juice . I be fine . leo come right up . Nancy disappear into the kitchen with Leo . ma and Jack sit on the sofa . Jack look at card and flower arrange on a table . jack ( whisper ) what be they for ? ( continued ) 57 continued : ( 3 ) 57 ma they be from people say they be happy that we be safe and back home . jack what people ? ma just people . ma , like Jack , speak quietly . it 's as if they be in a doctor 's wait room or a stranger 's house try to make a good impression . all so unreal . ma get up and look out the window into the back yard . Jack follow . jack where 's ice cream in the hammock ? ma ( call out ) Mom , what have you do with the hammock ? nancy ( from the kitchen ) I guess it must be in the basement . Jack look at he foot , see a small dog toy on the floor . he press it with he foot . it squeak , give he a fright . Nancy and Leo come in with load trays - juice , water cookie , cake . leo just in case . ma a dog ? nancy oh. it 's Leo 's dog , seamus . ma you do not like dog . nancy oh no . I have come to love seamus . he 's win I over . ( continued ) 57 continued : ( 4 ) 57 leo he 's on furlough at the moment , with a pal of mine out of town . live the country life . nancy the hospital say to avoid pet , until you immunity be back up ... and there 's so much to take in . leo I tell he he be a health hazard . gotta sling you hook , buddy . he do not take it too well . silence . no one have any idea what to do next . we hear the front door open and close . Robert appear , he look shake have take question from reporter . he look for a seat , choose one far from Jack . nancy you ok ? he rub he face , nod . ROBERT lawyer say they be expect a plea but can not rule out a trial . he want to get into everything , I say it could wait . nancy good . ROBERT he think most of the press will move on in a couple day . I make it clear there would be no more contact , statement . to respect the family . Robert have to hide he face . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . Jack watch , as Robert collect himself . leo can I get you a drink , Bob ? ROBERT thank you , yes . I would like that very much . scotch ... whatever you have . ( continued ) 57 continued : ( 5 ) 57 leo sure . nancy ( to ma ) be there anything you would like , or like to do ? ( continued ) 57 continued : ( 6 ) 57 ma just rest . nancy sure . ma and Jack move towards the stair . ma carry a small bag with they belonging . Nancy follow . at the foot of the stair Jack stop . he 's never have to climb stair before . ma show he how to grip the rail and he start up . 58 int . nancy and leo' house - upstair hallway - moment later 58 reaching the top of the stair , they walk the quiet , carpete hallway . Jack take it all in . 59 int . nancy and leo' house - ma' old room - day 59 ma and Jack enter ma 's room . they absorb the decor of ma 's adolescence - preserve by she mother . nancy this be you Mom 's room , Jack . Jack look around . he pull a strand of he long hair out of he eye . nancy ( cont 'd ) hey , maybe tomorrow we can cut that hair . what do you say , Jack ? Jack shake he head . whisper to ma. ma Jack say that 's where he `strong ' be . nancy ah ha . ( continued ) 59 continued : 59 Jack walk over to the bed and sit down . we be with he as he take in the band poster , track trophy , picture - include picture of he Mom as a young , happy girl . in the background Nancy and ma watch he . nancy ( cont 'd ) I will let you rest . we will be downstairs . before she leave , Nancy talk quietly , insistently to ma , we only catch fragment of what she 's say . ( continued ) 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 conventional thing , promise she be there , that there 's nothing ma can not say to she , how much she love she . ma be quiet , a little shell - shocked . Nancy leave . struck by the sight of she music keyboard , ma try it : dead . she kneel down , find the plug and put it in the outlet . ma you do not know I could play piano . guess this tune ... but after a few note of ' Home on the Range ' / ' Big rock candy Mountain ' she stumble . tries again , and mess it up . stretch she stiff hand . then she sit on the bed , suddenly limp . check she watch . it 's go ; a old habit . both ma and Jack be subdued . jack how long do we have to stay here ? she take out she bag of med . ma ( get the tablet she need ) we live here now . she swallow she antibiotic and painkiller without water . she lie down . we stay on Jack 's face as he continue to take in he surroundings and digest what ma have say . after a little while he lie beside she and lift she shirt so he can snuggle up and breastfeed . we repeat a sequence of shot from life before they escape end in a mother &amp ; child portrait . in the little bedroom , they could be in room . 60 int . nancy and leo' house - kitchen / dine room - night 60 ma , with Jack press close to she , sit at the dining table with Nancy , Robert and leo. Desert . Jack be eat he first bowl of ice-cream . he take a big mouthful and hold he hand to he head . he tug at ma and she lean down so he can whisper to she . jack ( whisper to ma ) Ice cream hurt . leo you get a brain freeze there , Jack ? ( continued ) 60 continued : 60 ma eat it slower . small talk as food be pass around . ma put she fork down , she be beginning to get upset . Nancy watch she , put a hand on hers . after a little while ma calm . they eat quietly , the adult aware of the complexity and strangeness of the situation . Jack , oblivious , chomp away at he ice-cream . Robert watch he . ROBERT I be go to turn in . beat . ma be there something wrong ? ROBERT no . ma why be you in such a hurry ? ( continued ) 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 ROBERT it 's be a long day . beat . ma you have not say one word to Jack . unlike ma , Nancy have not put two and two together about Robert 's awkward bear around Jack . nancy Joy . Robert look haunt , tear . ROBERT we do not have to talk about this now . from the carefulness and awkwardness of Robert 's reply Nancy begin to understand . nancy my god. ma ( to Robert ) yes we do . look at he . Robert can not . ma 's anger desert she . ma ( cont 'd ) dad . nancy Robert . ma please . Jack be bewilder by this low - key catastrophe . ROBERT I can not , I can not ... I be sorry . ma he 's my baby . ( continued ) 60 continued : ( 3 ) 60 ROBERT what that bastard do to you . leo come on , Bob . let 's all just give this a little time . ma stand up . ma come on , Jack . time for bed . as ma pull Jack out of the room . ROBERT ( to Nancy ) I be so sorry . I should not be here . 61 int . ma' old bedroom - late at night 61 Jack lie awake beside he sleep mom . he hear footstep . the door crack open and a convolute shadow appear , rimmed in light . the door open wider and the shadow resolve into Robert , watch he daughter and grandson sleep . Jack burrow into he pillow pretend to sleep . the door close and soon he sleep . 62 int . nancy and leo' house - live room - morning 62 ma and Nancy sit with coffee . Jack have some cereal . the house be very quiet . no one talk for a while . eventually ... jack ( quietly to ma ) where 's grandpa . beat . nancy he have to go home for a while . ma ( hold Jack 's face gently ) hey Jack , you want play with you new toy ? Jack shake he head . a few minute later : Nancy be clean up in the kitchen as ma breastfeed Jack . she look out on the bare winter back yard . 62a int . nancy'' house - lounge and front hall - afternoon 62a through a chink in net curtain of a car pull up outside Nancy and Leo 's house . the lawyer get out . we see that the press have thin out substantially . there be a few curious member of the public with nothing better to do , a uniformed police officer and a police car . nancy ( o.c. ) Jack ! come away from there . we be in the lounge . Jack turn away from the window as Nancy go to greet the lawyer , keep herself hide as she open the door . nancy ( cont 'd ) come in . lawyer thank you . Automatic door . nancy yes . lawyer let I take my shoe off here . ( continued ) 62a continued : 62a 63 int . dine room - later 63 the lawyer and Nancy watch ma fill out some form . she be subdued . Jack have some blank paper in front of he . he be stare at a large open box of Crayola pencil ; every shade of every color . he carefully select 5 pencil - the 5 color he 's use to from room - and begin to draw . Jack occasionally glance at Leo , draw by he natural warmth . lawyer the other thing we need to talk about be come up with some kind of media strategy . I know you be not think about that right now . but there 's a lot to decide about in that category . nancy I do not think we be ready for talk yet . not like that . ( continued ) 63 continued : 63 lawyer there be certain to be expense go forward and a prime time interview , one prime time interview , mean a lot of money . donation be come - and I will need some account detail , better in yours than mine , right ? - but it would not amount to enough for , you know , open end support . beat . lawyer ( cont 'd ) there 's huge interest . ma notice that Jack be use only the same small set of color for he draw that he have in room . ma Jack , you have all that color . why do not you use they . you could draw a picture of Jack the giant slayer , with every color . Jack keep draw . 63a int . nancy'' house - live room - night 63a ma , Jack , Nancy and Leo eat supper , watch tv . Jack be draw to look at Leo who do the old thumb trick for he . 64 int . nancy and leo' house - ma' bedroom - morning 64 ma be still asleep . Jack sit on the bed beside she , bored . he look towards the half - open door to the landing . 65 int . nancy and leo' house - landing - day 65 Jack sit on the landing with a favorite toy from the pile in the sit room . from where he sit he can see the open door to he and ma 's bedroom . it 's dark inside . eventually , Leo walk into view with a male detective and a female victim liason officer . he show they to the door . leo thank you again . ( continued ) 65 continued : 65 he let they out , close the door behind they , then peep through the close curtain . as he turn away , he spot Jack , give he a salute and then busy himself in way calculate to raise the interest of a 5 - year-old . tidy up , he pick up a ball from the floor , spin it on he finger , bounce it . wander off out of view , whistling , mutter about how particularly bouncy this ball be , etc . Jack start down the stair . he go down on he backside not yet confident enough to do it stand . 66 int . live room / kitchen - morning 66 Jack wander cautiously into the brightness of the live room , find Leo who smile at he , then get back to whatever he 's pretend to be do . Jack be silent . leo ( to himself ) gee , be I hungry . he pad into the kitchen . leo ( cont 'd ) let 's see what we have here . Jack follow he in . Leo take some cereal out of a well stock cupboard , he open the fridge for milk . Jack take in all the produce it contain . 67 int . kitchen - a minute later 67 Jack and Leo , at opposite end of the counter , eat cereal . leo pretty good , right ? Jack nod . leo ( cont 'd ) I like this kind , too . kind of sweet , but pretty good . Jack look at Leo , not answer , but not bolt . he keep eat . after a moment . jack you have a dog ? ( continued ) 67 continued : 67 this be the first time Jack have initiate any conversation with a adult other than ma. ( continued ) 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 leo I do . name seamus . he 's very small . not very smart . you will have to meet he sometime . he will shake you hand . jack I have a dog call lucky . but he 's not real . leo yeah ? jack in room . Leo take this in . leo you ever play catch , Jack ? 68 ext . back yard - later 68 Jack and Leo walk out into the garden . Jack be wear he hat and glass but no sun-cream . the back yard be a simple rectangle of grass bound by barkdust and shrubbery with a few small tree . but to Jack it be a new cosmos . he wander tentatively into the open space . Jack kneel to investigate the dirt and grass . he smell deeply . a little later , Leo and Jack throw the ball between they . Jack 's shoe be irritate he . jack I hate shoe . leo I hear what you be say , but ... Leo drop the ball and kick it to Jack who manage to kick it back . leo ( cont 'd ) they have get they use . be I right ? Jack nod . they play awhile , get farther apart . ( continued ) 68 continued : 68 neighbor boy ( os ) hey . Jack and Leo look over . the neighbor boy be stand at the fence . neighbor boy ( cont 'd ) I have a ball like that . leo ( wary , but open ) no kid . it 's a nice ball , be not it ? neighbor boy I get mine for my birthday . leo fantastic . you hear that , Jack ? he get this same ball for he birthday . neighbor boy why 's he wear that glass . leo he 's get sore eye . the boy think about this . decide it 's a acceptable answer . neighbor boy ( to Jack ) do you get that ball for you birthday ? Jack shake he head neighbor boy ( cont 'd ) what do you get for you birthday ? jack I get a truck but it break and ma get I a cake . neighbor boy a cake 's not a present . jack yes it be . ( continued ) 68 continued : ( 2 ) 68 neighbor boy that 's weird . a cake 's just something to eat . no way be it a present . Jack look at Leo and burst into tear . he flee . Leo and the neighbor kid watch he go . 69 int . live room - day - moment later 69 Jack run through the house ... 70 int . ma' old bedroom - moment later 70 ... and slip into the bedroom where ma be pace around on the house phone . she have a smart - phone in she hand which she be try to set up . jack ma. ma. ma ( wave Jack off ) I already give all this information to the last person . ( cover the mouthpiece ) what , Jack ? jack be a cake a present ? ma what ? she turn away , deep in she own frustration . ma ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hold on ... I do not understand the word you be use , so why do you keep repeat they ? ( pause ) I have do that three time already . Jack sit quietly on the bed . ma look at he again , notice that he face be a little red . she cover the phone . ma ( cont 'd ) ( to Jack ) have you be outside ? 71 int . nancy and leo' house - leo' den 71 ma open the door of Leo 's de . Jack be beside she , he face smear with camomile lotion . ma Leo , please do not ever take Jack outside again unless you know what you be do . he can be seriously hurt by the sun . leo I be so sorry . it be overcast . ma he have never have any UV . this be serious stuff , ok ? 72 int . live room - later 72 Jack gaze out the window , not want to go outside anymore . in the background , we can hear ma noisily prepare something in the kitchen . 73 int . ma' old bedroom - later 73 ma have box spread out all over the room . she be morbidly engross in some old papers and memorabilia . Jack sit down . she keep read , look . ma look at this . she show he a old photo . four girl in track uniform . ma ( cont 'd ) you know who that be ? jack you ? ma I and stacy benton and Heather Noel and Laura Sullivan . that 's how people do they hair . we be the relay team . I be the anchor . I be fast . we do track together . jack Real track ? ( continued ) 73 continued : 73 ma Real track . on a field . we be fast . best in the district . you know what happen to they ? jack no . ma exactly . nothing . they just live and nothing happen . look ... she pick up she old laptop from the floor by the bed . she have be look through she friend page on Facebook . she click on a couple of page show the same girl as they be now , then lose interest , close the laptop . jack show I more when you be young . ma no . I do not want to see any more . I do not want you to look at any more right now . let 's just be quiet for while . okey dokey ? they sit . she stand and pace the room , gnaw she lip , wince , try and fail to keep she despair out of view . 74 int . ma' old bedroom - night 74 Jack wake from a nightmare with a start . no ma beside he . he get out of bed . the only light be come from the hallway through a crack in the door . jack ma ? he leave the bedroom , stand blink on the bright landing . he hear noise from downstairs , raise voice , a high pitch squeal . jack ( cont 'd ) ma ? he go downstairs . we follow he into the live room . 75 int . nancy and leo' house - live room - later 75 we enter with Jack to find Nancy , Leo and ma. ma and Nancy be hugging . the lawyer be on speaker phone . ( continued ) 75 continued : 75 leo not at all , we will all sleep better . lawyer ( speaker ) I think you would want to know . leo that 's right lawyer it 's a good day . nancy thank god. jack you be go ! ma turn . she 's be cry but she come over to Jack smile broadly . she kneel so she face be level with he . ma do you want to hear something really good ? in the background Leo end the call . jack you be go . ma hey listen . Old Nick be go to jail for a really long time . jack I know Old Nick be in jail . ma but now he will be there for ever and ever . and I do not have to see he ever again or talk to the judge or any of that scary thing . be not that great ? Jack nod , not really understanding . ma ( cont 'd ) we can stop worry now and start to do all the thing we want . she pick he up and hug he . 76 int . nancy and leo' kitchen - day 76 ma be on she phone , furiously texting . Jack watch . he 's bored . just the sound of tapping thumb . jack what be you do ? ma I be talk to people . she keep texting , not explain further . 77 int . ma' old bedroom - day 77 Jack sit on the bed , watch ma at she dress table . she be smartly dress , she hair be fix nicely . jack why do you look like that ? ma I be dress to go out , that 's all . he watch ma force earring through the heal piercing in she ear . it look painful . jack I do not like it . ma it 's just some clothes and makeup . 77a int . nancy'' house - stair - moment later 77a Jack follow ma downstairs . ma come on , we need to get you ready . we follow they into ... 77b int . nancy'' house - kitchen 77b Nancy clean up in the kitchen . ma and Jack come in . ma find the sunscreen and start to apply it . ( continued ) 77b continued : 77b nancy maybe it 's too much for he right now . ma it 's not too much for I . I need to go out , get some air . ma start to apply sunscreen to Jack . ma ( cont 'd ) ( to Nancy ) you could have a better attitude , you know . with some effort , Nancy hold she tongue . ma ( cont 'd ) you could support I in this . that 's all I be ask . I be try to take a step . nancy you do not have to do it so soon . you could wait and we could go together . ma wipe she hand , dial a number on she phone . ( continued ) 77b continued : ( 2 ) 77b 78 omitted 78 79 ext / int . STREET / laura' car - day 79 a car be wait . Inside , a young woman smile and wave . ma - hold a booster seat - crack the door . ma oh my God ! LAURA oh my God ! the girl hug . LAURA ( cont 'd ) you look ... amazing . I can not believe you be here . ma ( fasten Jack ) I know . I know . LAURA I have miss you so much . I can not believe you be actually here . and look at Jack ! what a sweetheart ! he be so cute ! ma get into the passenger seat . ma this be too weird , sit in this car right now . LAURA you be such a amazing person , Joy . I have think about you so much . ( more ) ( continued ) 79 continued : 79 LAURA ( cont 'd ) and I be so happy you be here with I now . I can not even tell you . ma I be happy , too . and a little freak out . LAURA you just sit back . relax . we will take it nice and slow . we watch from the sidewalk as the car pull away . 80 omitted 80 81 int . car - soon 81 the girl talk ... LAURA ... Tracy be do so good . she get she teach certificate and now she 's teach in milwaukie , loving it . I see she last summer and she be still so fun . ma I always like she even though we never really hang out . LAURA she like you too . ( to Jack ) you Mom be very popular in school . ma that 's actually not true . ( continued ) 81 continued : 81 LAURA if you be not popular , I do not know who be . ma Susan Torrey . LAURA that 's true . the girl laugh . Laura 's phone ring and she answer . LAURA ( cont 'd ) hey , I be drive . something pert / flirtatious come into she tone . LAURA ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) we will see . ( pause ) you will just have to , will not you ? she hang up . ma who be that ? LAURA just someone I meet at work . not serious . ma what work do you do . LAURA Real estate . I mean I graduate Environmental Studies and I be still super passionate about that - like what we be do to this planet , but the whole property thing be explode . 82 ext . mall parking lot - day 82 the car drift around , eventually find a spot . ma , Jack and Laura emerge . Jack be face away from the mall . he be hold by the big open view of the car park and road network beyond . ma ( take he hand ) Jack . this way . just hold my hand . ( continued ) 82 continued : 82 they start to walk towards the entrance . ma stop and crouch down . put she hand on Jack 's shoulder and speak tenderly . ma ( cont 'd ) you be go to be fine . ok ? 83 int . mall - minute later 83 they walk through the whoosh door of the mall and step onto the ascend escalator . in the atrium , mobile , banner , skylight . teenager , family , everyone scan the myriad goods on display . at the top of the escalator Jack see a huge array of fruit and vegetable outside a supermarket . further along , they pass a bookstore . Jack spot a display of new Dylan the digger book . he grab one . jack ma , it 's Dylan ! ma you can not take that , Jack . jack why ? ( continued ) 83 continued : 83 ma it do not belong to you . she take the book from he and dump it back in the display . ma ( cont 'd ) come on . if you be good we can get another book , a new one on we way out . 84 int . clothing store 84 the girl cart Jack into the store among the hang clothes and mirror . they tear through the rack . techno music throbs . the mannequin leer . for a moment Jack lose track of the girl . the clothes be everywhere . jack ma! ma! she reappear from behind a rack . ma I be here . ok ? just calm down . jack I be scared ! ma ( do she best to be reassure ) do not be . this be normal . this be what people do . jack I do not like it ! ma remember you superpower , alright , have fun . and no whining , ok ? a clerk appear . clerk hi , there . anything I can help you with ? ( continued ) 84 continued : 84 ma I need some ... ( she look around desperately ) ... some shoe . clerk great . shoe be all over there . just let I know if you need anything else , okay ? ma go and stare at the shoe display . many color , many style . she 's paralyse . Jack be close beside she . ma I do not know . jack can we get Dylan now ? ma please , Jack . LAURA this one be kind of cute . ma no . I definitely do not want any of this . I would never wear this . she grab Jack 's hand and drag he out of the store . Laura follow look weird - out . 85 int . mall - later 85 the trio hurry through the mall . ma look nervous , Laura concerned , Jack bewilder and angry . ma ( barely pay attention ) be you hungry , Jack ? you want something in the food court ? they have get , I do not know , pizza and stuff . jack I want Dylan . you say . ma I say if you be good . LAURA I could run and get it for he . ( continued ) 85 continued : 85 ma no . I say no , so he have to understand . they pass a cinnabon outlet . ma ( cont 'd ) Jack , you want a cinnabon ? you smell that ? jack no . ma cinnabon be good . you might like it . LAURA I think we should just go . jack I want Dylan . I want Dylan now . you say . ma you be be really naughty Jack . Jack start into a full on tantrum . ma ( cont 'd ) suit yourself . she grab he to carry he out , but he pull away . all the noise have draw the attention of the people around they . a couple of teenager approach Jack . teenager ( to Jack ) hey , be you that kid from the tv . ma get the fuck away from he . get the fuck away . 86 int . laura' car - soon 86 ma , Jack and Laura clamber into the car . LAURA oh my god. oh. my. god. ( continued ) 86 continued : 86 ma shit , shit , shit . that asshole . LAURA buckle up , Jack , all right ? jack I ... I ... he look around , not know what to do . ma Jesus Christ . just buckle it , all right ? she lean over the seat and jerk the buckle on . ma ( cont 'd ) that 's how it work , all right ? jack I do not like you in the world ! ma well maybe I do not like you either ! Laura pause , ma glower . ma ( cont 'd ) ( angrily to Laura ) just go ! Laura back out of the parking spot . 87 int . live room - night 87 Jack sit with Nancy and Leo in the quiet room , play candyland . leo oh , you get I on that one . nancy you guy want to start again ? they set up the board again . Nancy spin the dial and move she figure . nancy ( cont 'd ) here we go . my turn . they play . ( continued ) 87 continued : 87 nancy ( cont 'd ) you know , it can be tough to be a Mom . sometimes it 's really tough , and you can get angry , but it do not mean you do not love you baby . Jack take he turn . 88 int . nancy and leo' house - live room - day 88 Jack sit with Dr. mittal . after a little while , Nancy come in . nancy I be sorry . Dr. mittal stand . dr . mittal ok . let she rest . I will see you again next week , Jack . mittal and Nancy leave . Jack hear they talk quietly in the hall . Nancy describe ma 's behavior , share she worry . 89 int . bedroom - day 89 Jack sit on the floor beside the bed watch dora on Nancy 's smart phone . ma 's who 's be doze sit up . ma Jack . please turn that off . Jack keep watch . ma ( cont 'd ) now . I mean it . now . jack I want to watch ! ma Jack ! please . please . I be begging you , please turn that off . Jack look at she . she be twisted in pain at the sound of the show . Jack switch it off . ( continued ) 89 continued : 89 ma ( cont 'd ) it remind I too much of room . I can not have it . ( continued ) 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 Jack ignore she . ma ( cont 'd ) you have get so many other thing to play with . you should try something else . he will not respond . ma ( cont 'd ) come on . let 's look at all you stuff . she drag he down to the live room . 90 int . live room - continuous 90 she point to a pile of box in the corner . ma look at all this toy . most kid would love that stuff . you have barely even look at they . jack I do not want to . ma come on , Jack . he shuffles to the pile . ma crouch - find and rip open a box of Lego . ma ( cont 'd ) it 's pretty cool , right ? you like it ? Nancy step in beside she daughter . ma ( cont 'd ) he need something real to do . I be get worried about he with the phone . nancy he 's fine . ma I do not give he my phone so please do not give he yours . ( continued ) 90 continued : 90 nancy ok . ma I just want he to connect to something . you know ? nancy he 's really do fine . ma 's aggression desert she . she be distress , afraid . she screw up she face , hide it in she hand . ma I be sorry , I do not know what 's happen to I . I can not feel anything . even for ... her hand fling towards Jack . she choke she word back . nancy Joy , please . ma do not judge I . you have no right . people walk around like the world be fine and normal but it 's not . Nancy try to put she hand on ma 's arm . ma ( cont 'd ) do not ! I can not bear it . I think this would be heaven , but it 's worse . can you understand that ? nancy you just need to rest . ma ( recover , close the crack of vulnerability ) no I do not ! that 's not what I need . nancy that 's what the Doctor ... ma ( wiping away tear ) no ! that 's not what he say . you do not know what he say . that 's confidential and you do not even know . just forget it . ( continued ) 90 continued : ( 2 ) 90 nancy I feel like you be impossible to talk to right now . ma oh , I be sorry ! nancy no , you be not sorry . ma you think you know what 's in my head . trust I , you could not handle it . nancy tell I and see . I have ask you . ma so you be see that every time you look at I ? great . nancy you be my daughter , that 's what I will see . ma yeah , well you seem to get on ok without I . nancy how can you say that ? you think you be the only one whose life be destroy ? ma actually , that 's exactly what I think . nancy how would you feel if somebody take Jack from you ? ma leo shut up . go easy . Jack put he hand over he ear . nancy ( cont 'd ) look at he . you should be think about he . ( continued ) 90 continued : ( 3 ) 90 ma do not you ever tell I how to look after my son . I be sorry if I be not `nice ' enough for you . maybe if you have not be in my head say `be nice ' that day I would not have go to help he . Nancy be horrify . ma ( cont 'd ) ( storming out ) this be not even my house anymore . I do not know what this be . ma leave . Jack shake he head . hold back tear . nancy I be sorry , Jack . Nancy move to hug he but she see Jack stiffen and she stop . 91 ext . back yard - day 91 Jack wander the back yard . 92 int . ma and jack bedroom - day 92 Jack wander in . ma be sit on the bed . she seem calmer . ma come here , Jack . he go over and she wrap she arm around he . he cuddle into she . ma ( cont 'd ) you know , Jack , we be go to have to move away from here someday . we be go to have to get we own house . and a yard . we be go to have to do all kind of thing . 93 ext . house - day 93 cube van roll up . he see a woman , slick , drive , 5as get out of a suv . this be the hostess , the same one we see on tv in room . 94 omitted 94 95 omitted 95 96 int . dine room - day 96 Jack be fascinate by the machinery . the box , cord , tripod and light . he stand near the camera crew , listen to they talk , watch they set up they gear . 97 int . live room - later 97 Jack , look through the back window , watch the camera crew follow he mom and the hostess around the yard . they pretend to talk . ma be dress in she best outfit . Nancy approach Jack . nancy time for you to go upstairs , Jack . remember what you Mom say . 98 int . leo' den - later 98 the house be quiet apart from two muffle voice . Jack look over to see Leo asleep in a chair . 99 omitted 99 100 int . hallway - continuous 100 Jack creep out of the room and down the hall . he walk down the stair - gingerly , but on he foot . 101 int . live room - continuous 101 Jack edge into the live room , find a enthrall circle of light and camera focuss on he mother and the hostess in they chair . the center of the room be shadowless and ultra-vivid , expose by many bounce and fill . ma and the hostess face each other in two armchair bring in for the occasion . hostess you be a amazing , inspiring , courageous , beautiful young woman . ( more ) ( continued ) 101 continued : 101 hostess ( cont 'd ) I know all we viewer be amaze by the intelligence and poise and endurance and inner strength you display during you ordeal . ( more ) ( continued ) 101 continued : ( 2 ) 101 hostess ( cont 'd ) truly , a amazing test of character . ma thank you . thank you so much . I hope they all know how much they thought and prayer have mean the last few week . to we whole family . Jack be enthralled . hostess and Jack . you son . by all account he be a normal , high - function , happy little boy . amazing . ma he be . he 's my life . I never could have survive without he . hostess you make life as normal and nurture as you could give the environment . you give he a childhood . how do you manage to do that ? ma I ... I do not think about it . I do not plan it . when I find out I be pregnant with Jack , it just seem like a terrible joke . you know ? to bring someone into that place , it just seem so wrong . I be in a very scary frame of mind . I think the devil be control my life . in a way he be . ma make a effort to control she emotion . hostess be you okay ? lawyer ( interject ) I be get the feel my client need to - without take she eye off ma , the hostess hold she palm out to the lawyer . her tone be brusque , matter of fact . ( continued ) 101 continued : ( 3 ) 101 hostess just a minute , please . ma then , everything be different once Jack come , because he be so beautiful and I have to keep he safe . ma , calmer , pull herself together . hostess when he 's older will you talk to he about he father . ma Jack 's not he . the hostess think she 's get a astonish scoop . hostess I beg you pardon , be you - ma ( overlapping ) a father 's a man who love he kid . hostess so true , in a very real sense , but the genetic relationship - ma ( overlapping ) that 's not a relationship . Jack 's nobody 's but mine . the hostess decide to change tack . hostess you breastfe Jack for five year - in fact , viewer may be startle to learn that you still do . ma in this whole story , that 's the shocking detail ? the hostess look over a a colleague , down at she note . hostess do it ever occur to you to ask you captor to take Jack away ? ma away ? ( continued ) 101 continued : ( 4 ) 101 hostess to leave he outside a hospital , say , so he would be find . ma why would I - hostess ( overlapping ) so Jack could be free . the ultimate sacrifice , of course , but for he to have a normal childhood ... ma he have I . she start to stand , drag she mic pack with she . the lawyer step in . Chaos . 102 int . nancy'' house - kitchen - evening 102 later . hushed . Jack eat at the table . Leo read the sport page nearby , a silent companion . Jack can hear ma , in the lounge , talk low to Nancy . he recognize low sob : ma be cry . Jack stop eat halfway through a mouthful , can not swallow . 103 int . nancy'' house - ma' old room - night 103 night . Jack wake , sense himself alone . no ma in the bed : he touch the mark she body 's leave . no ma in the room . 104 int . nancy'' house - landing - moment later 104 Jack walk on tiptoe down the landing . the last door be the bathroom , and there 's a crack of light . Jack tap very quietly on the door , remember the rule . jack ma ? he go to the top of the stair and consider descend . then he creep back to the bathroom , whisper a bit louder . jack ( cont 'd ) ma ? ( continued ) 104 continued : 104 he try the handle , but the door open only a few inch . frightened he start to bang on the door . jack ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) ma! ma! a adult torso , Leo 's , come into the frame , drive with full force against the door which give a little . Jack put he face to the gap and see ma 's hair spread out on the floor . 105 int . nancy'' house - landing - night 105 a little later . Jack get glimpsis of chaos : on the bathroom floor , two paramedics work on ma ( who respond just enough that we know she 's not dead ) , Nancy in the bathroom doorway , Leo try to calm she . but no sound . it 's as if Jack have be deafen by a explosion . later : as ma be carry out in the background , Jack sit on the floor . we push in on he ; he be hypnotize by the flash ambulance light on the wall . 106 int . nancy'' house - ma' old room - day 106 jack ( v.o. ) there 's so much of place in the world , there 's less time because the time have to be spread extra thin over all the place like butter , so all the person say hurry up , let 's get go , pick up the pace , finish up now . ma be in a hurry to go bo up to heaven but she forget I , dumbo ma , so the alien throw she back down craaaaaaaash and break she . next morning . Jack in a ball on the bed . he open he fist ; bad tooth , all he have of ma. in the background we hear the phone ringing . leo ( o.s. ) ( from hallway ) hello ? ( pause ) Jack , come here . it 's for you . 107 int . nancy and leo' house - hallway - continuous 107 Jack arrive . Leo hold out the phone . a pause then Jack take it , hold it too far away : he first call . nancy ( filter ) hi , Jack . I have get someone who want to talk to you ... ma ( filter ) be he there ? put he on . leo he 's on . he 's wait . ma ( filter ) Jack ? jack ma ? she struggle to get control of she voice . ma ( filter ) be you do ok ? Jack be stump by this question . jack come back . ma ( filter ) what 's that ? jack ( louder ) come back now . ma ( filter ) I wish I could . I just need to - jack ( overlapping ) I pick . I pick for both of we . ( continued ) 107 continued : 107 ma break down in sob . Jack hand the phone to Leo who talk to Nancy in murmur . 107a int . ma' old bedroom - cubbyhole - evening 107a Jack sit in the space under the roof in ma 's bedroom play with Lego . 107b int . nancy'' house - lounge - night 107b Jack watch tv with Nancy and Leo 107c omitted 107c 107d int . nancy'' house - downstair various 107d Jack mope around the house . Nancy and Leo give he space . 107da int . ma' old bedroom - day 107da Jack wake up alone . Minutes later we see he enter ma 's walk - in closet . sound of thing be shift around inside . 107e int . nancy'' house - landing 107e Jack walk out to the landing with ma 's box of memorabilia . moment later , journal and photo be spread around he . he examine she year - book , photo of she as a child he own age . 108 ext . nancy and leo' house - day 108 a week have pass and the outside of the house be completely clear of press / onlooker . Nancy 's car pull up . she get 's out , let 's Jack out of the back seat and the two of they carry shopping bag to the front door . a neighbor wave . neighbor be shopping . nancy yes we have . we be make cupcake . 109 int . nancy and leo' house - kitchen - a little later 109 Nancy and Jack bake companionably in the kitchen . Jack stand on a chair . nancy you know how to beat egg , Jack ? jack sure . I do it before . in room . ( continued ) 109 continued : 109 nancy do you ? wow . what else do you do there . jack lot of thing . I miss it sometimes . nancy be not it awfully small . Jack shake he head . jack uh uh , it go every direction all the way to the end . it never finish . and ma be always there . ( continued ) 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 nancy ok . jack it be small in wardrobe . nancy what do you do in wardrobe ? jack sleep . when Old Nick come . beat . jack ( cont 'd ) I want to see ma. nancy I know . she just need to be on she own a little while . we hear the front door close . leo ( o.s. ) hey Jack . there 's someone here who would like to meet you . Jack hop down from he chair . 110 int . nancy and leo' house - hallway - continuous 110 Jack walk out into the hallway and stop dead . Leo be stand there hold a small terrier dog . leo Jack , meet seamus . would you like to pet he ? Jack approach cautiously , reach a hand gingerly to pet the dog , withdraw , reach again and pet he . Nancy appear in the background . Jack see she . jack I could just go in and tell she about seamus . only for a minute . or I could just look at she . leo come on , let 's get this guy some air after be all stuff up in the car . 111 omitted 111 112 ext . playground - day 112 Jack tentatively climb on a frame in a playground . Leo watch , with seamus on a leash . 113 int . front live room - day 113 Nancy be read . Jack enter . jack grandma . nancy yes ? jack I need the scissors . nancy what for ? jack for cut my hair . nancy you really want to do that ? jack I want to send it to ma. nancy why ? jack she need my strong more than I . so I want to send it to she . or you could take it to she . Nancy be move . nancy I can help you if you would like . jack that would be great . ( continued ) 113 continued : 113 nancy okay . let 's do this right . I have want to cut that hair a very long time . 114 int . nancy'' kitchen - later 114 Jack sit in a chair with a sheet around he neck . Nancy clip he hair . nancy I use to cut you mother 's hair all the time . and you grandpa 's hair . I have still get it . jack you think this will work ? can my strong be she strong too ? I be not really sure if it work that way . nancy of course it do . we all help each other stay strong . no one be strong alone . you and you mom , you help each other through , do not you ? jack yes . nancy and you and I . and you and Leo . and Leo and I . we all have the same strong . ( continued ) 114 continued : 114 jack I guess we do . nancy ok , here go . Jack close he eye as Nancy cut off he pony tail . 115 int . bathroom 115 Jack be lean he head back on the round lip of the bathroom sink . she turn on the water . nancy now lean back . the water be nicely warm now . nancy ( cont 'd ) this be the best part . she pour water over he head , and shampoos he . nancy ( cont 'd ) feel good , do not it ? he close he eye and nod . she pour more water . and more . his face be rosy with the heat . jack I love you , grandma . nancy I love you , Jack . 116 int . nancy'' house - kitchen - day 116 Jack be draw a multicolor picture . he use all the color of the crayon box . the picture of a house grow in color and dimension . the door be green . the window orange . the roof red . 117 ext . nancy and leo' house - back yard - day 117 Jack play with the neighbor Boy and seamus in the garden . he hear a tap tap tap and look round . ma be watch he through the glass back door . he run to she as she open the door . they greet each other with nervous joy , without word . 118 int . nancy and leo' house - ma' bedroom - soon 118 Jack and ma sit beside each other on the bed . ma I be sorry , Jack . jack that 's ok . he think . jack ( cont 'd ) do not do it again . ma I promise . jack be you better now ? ma start to be . she stroke he short hair then reach into she bag and take out he ponytail . ma ( cont 'd ) I will always keep this with I , Jack . ( more ) ( continued ) 118 continued : 118 ma ( cont 'd ) I will never , ever let it go . when grandma bring it to I , I ... I know I could get well . you save I . again . they sit placidly a moment . he reach for she shirt . jack can I ...? ma sorry . there 's none leave . Jack think for a bit , accept the new situation . jack ok . ma I be not a good enough ma. jack but you be ma. ma I be . she put she arm around he . they sit in a gentle silence . jack I be go to play with Aaron now . he 's my friend . ma hug he hard before he leave . 119 ext . beach - day 119 ma and Jack look out to sea . jack ( v.o. ) when I be four I do not even know about the world and now I and ma be go to live in it forever and ever till we be dead . 120 int . nancy and leo' house - bedroom - day 120 ma and Jack water they new African violet . jack ( v.o. ) this be a street in a city in a country call America on the earth that 's a blue and green planet always spin so I do not know why we do not fall off . then there 's Outer Space , and nobody know where 's heaven . 120a int . nancy'' house - lounge - night 120a ma and Nancy be curl up together on the sofa . Leo be there , too . the adult laugh as Jack fool around with seamus . 121 int . nancy'' car - day 121 ma and Jack be park outside a Mom &amp ; pop Burger Joint . they eat in the car . jack ( v.o. ) ma and I have decide that because we do not know what we like we get to try everything . 122 ext . suburb - night 122 Jack and ma walk in the darkness through quiet suburban street . 123 ext . nancy and leo' house - day 123 ma and Jack sit in a hammock in the back yard . the weather be turn warmer . jack we have so many thing to do . Flying in a airplane . ma definitely . make new friend . pause . ( continued ) 123 continued : 123 jack can we go back to room ? ma look concerned . jack ( cont 'd ) just for a visit . 124 int . police car - day 124 a police car pull up outside Old Nick 's . Jack , ma and Officer parker get out . they stare at the house , still surround by crime - scene tape . officer parker follow I , guy . 125 int . old nick's house - lounge - day 125 the car port be now seal off and the only way out back it through the house . Jack follow ma and Officer parker inside . it 's tidy ( except for a desk ransacke by police ) , anonymously banal : a leather suite , a cross -trainer , a flat - screen tv . 126 ext . old nick's house - back yard - day 126 they step out into the back yard . Jack 's gaze move to the grey shed . a double -take : it 's room . with a enormous bulldozer beside it . ( continued ) 126 continued : 126 jack ( to himself ) Dylan ! ma head for the shed , Jack right behind she . Officer parker stand nearby . there 's a male officer there also , guard the scene . 127 int . room - day 127 they step in . drawing stripped off the wall , furniture shift : the magic 's go . Jack stare and sniff the air . jack this be not room . have it get shrink ? we friend ... ma taken away for evidence . ( explain ) proof that we be here . Jack retrace they track mark around the bed . he draw a J in the fingerprint powder on the table . they Plant be all shrivel . Jack stroke it . under the bed , he find eggsnake ; touch the needle tongue . he come back to the doorway , where ma stand freeze . he measure he height with he hand : a inch over the 5 . he hear bird song from the yard ; patter of rain . jack it 's because door 's open . ma what ? jack it can not really be room if door 's open . ma do you - would you like it close ? Jack shake he head . ( continued ) 127 continued : 127 ma ( cont 'd ) I have to go now . be there ... anything you need ? Jack look around at the detritus of he childhood . then he walk to the wall behind the bed and pat it . jack bye-bye . ma Jack - he go around room fast , whisper he bye-by . ma ( cont 'd ) please , Jack . he look up at the skylight , rain run down it . he climb onto the table . jack bye-bye . ( to ma ) say bye - bye to room . ma say it but on mute . 128 ext . old nick's house - back yard - day 128 crane up as Jack and ma emerge from the shed , hand in hand , and walk away without look back . fade out .