a room with a view base on the novel by e.m. forster screenplay by RUTH prawer jhabvala / sel ~ eop i ny property of : we be /. nee merchant ivory production lot . 34 South molton Street London wl _ — England i . a title card say : the bertolini evening . pension room with a view through window . the view be across the arno towards the church of San miniato , with the foothills of the appenine beyond . a few tiny figure - man , horse and carriage ~ can be glimpse and a few light . it be peaceful and still , except for the turbulent river itself , swollen with spring rain and melting snow from the mountain . it churn and crash against the bridge and quay , a wild torrent contain within the stone constraint of one of history 's great city : Florence . a old man , inhabitant of the pension room , enter the frame and stand look out of the window . after a few moment , a young man also enter and go to stand at the window . as he do so , the old man transfer he look and now search the face of the younger man briefly . this two be mr. emerson and he son , GEORGE . a dinner go sound . the old man turn at once and disappear , leave the young man by himself . he continue to look down at the river . 2 . evening . interior . pension room with no view . cU lucy - she be open a window shutter to look out : there be a expression of eager anticipation on she pretty young face . we watch this expression abruptly change to one of dis - appointment ; she also utter a exclamation of disappointment at what she see . Pov lucy - the window she have open look out on nothing more exciting than a dark dreary courtyard with some wash sling across it . the dinner go be sounding . she be join at the window by charlotte , a English spinster . in contrast to lucy 's expression of keen disappointment , charlotte look only grimly disapprove . charlotte this be not what we be lead to expect . lucy I think we be go to see the arno ! 3 . charlotte the signora distinctly write : south room with a view , close together , instead of which she have give we north room , a long way apart . come , dear , or we shall miss we dinner on top of everything else . they turn from the window to go out - charlotte she have no business to do it , no business at all . evening . pension corridor and stair . 4 . this too be disappoint - they might as well be in any over - furnish , under-ventilated , somewhat down - at - heel victorian English board house . charlotte be sniff the air . she proceed with caution , lead the way , as if someone might jump out of a dark corner and carry lucy off . a buxom , smile , italian peasant girl pass they on the stair with she chambermaid paraphernalia . she say , '' buona Sera . " lucy return she greeting and look after she with pleasure - but charlotte continue she dignify descent . charlotte any nook do for I , but it do seem hard that you should not have a view . lucy ( with a touch of irritation ) no , of course , you must have a view , too . they have reach the dining room and enter it . day . interior . pension dine room . as in any stuffy English board house , it have heavy furniture , portrait of Queen Victoria and Lord tennyson , a apidistra , and plush curtain heavy and sombre with dust and the smell of gravy . the guest seat at the long table include miss lavish , the miss alan , mr . emerson , GEORGE emerson , and four or five other guest , equally unmistakably English tourist take they evening meal . the woman outnumber the man three to one . 3 the table be laid with a almost white tablecloth , huge silverplate cruet , and bottle of water alternate with bottle of red wine . the guest be saw away at they tough piece of meat with determination but also with true English board house refinement . they acknowledgment of lucy and charlotte be equally genteel : they eye remain freeze , and the inclination of the head by way of welcome be barely perceptible . lucy and charlotte accept this cold and silent formality as the correct behaviour toward two stranger who have not yet prove themselves . silently and humbly , they slip into the two empty chair . this be opposite mr . emerson and GEORGE - who be markedly different from the other guest . they recep - tion of the newcomer be also different : mr . emerson , a elderly , plump gentleman with childlike eye , have he mouth full and so can only wave he fork cheerily in they direction . they pretend not to see this . GEORGE do not look up from he plate at all but frown down at it in terrible concentration . he be not eat he food but arrange it on he plate as if it be some mathematical problem he be struggle to solve . the awful silence which have greet the new arrival be break by miss lavish - a middle - age bohemian biue - stock - continue to expound the theme they have interrupt : miss lavish it be only by go off the track that you get to know the country . see the little town - gubbio , pienza , cortono , San gimignano , montriano ... ( this name be pronounce with a elaborate anglo-italian flourish ) mr . emerson be try to attract the attention of a lady further down the table who be fill she glass from a little bottle of she own . mr . emerson miss pole ! I say there - miss pole ! lady ( look at he with displeasure ) yes , Mr. emerson ? mr , emerson I say , what 's that you be take ? it 's not lemonade , be it ? lady it be lemonade , Mr. emerson . mr . emerson ( unaware of she disdain , move only by genuine concern for she ) put it away , miss pole : right away ! lemonade be nothing but acidity - very bad for the stomach . a gasp from miss catherine alan , a elderly spinster - follow by a giggle that have to be stifle in she napkin . she be rebuke in a whisper by she sister , teresa , a even more elderly spinster . miss catherine but he say - he say - the word S. , Teresa . miss teresa it 's nothing to laugh at , Catherine . on the contrary . miss lavish ( continue after the regrettable interruption ) we must get away from that awful tourist idea that Italy be only a museum of antiquity and art . lady have you see monteriano ? when you visit the market there you be far from the idea of a museum -.. unless you want to call that quaint stall a live museum ! another lady a museum of type ... lucy and charlotte , know they have not yet pass the requisite test to enter into the general conversation , — confine themselves to talk to each other in low voice : 5 . charlotte I shall tell the signora that the first South room view avail - able shall be give to you , Lucy . lucy why not to you , Charlotte ? charlotte I insist on it ... this meat have surely be boil for soup . miss lavish «+-monteriano be not only quaint , but there one meet the italian unspoil : in all they simplicity and charm ! night . pension scullery . we get a glimpse of the urispoil italian in all they simplicity and charm . the plate come back from the dining room with they unchewable bit of meat and other refuse . some of this be flung straight to the dog underfoot who grab it , while the dirty plate be toss into a sink full of grey , greasy water . there be much bang and loud laughter , the cook swig he wine and pinch one of the serving girl , a little boy cry as he ladle prune into glass dish , which be take away to the guest . night . pension dine room . unspoilt monteriano be still the topic of conversation , as lucy and charlotte continue to discuss the signora 's perfidy . miss catherine be not monteriano where we see the violet , Teresa ? a entire carpet of they : it be delightful . I find the violet the most delightful of flower , do not you , miss lavish ? miss lavish I prefer something wilder , bolder - the reckless rise , the tempestuous tulip ... charlotte you mother would never forgive I if I take the view . lucy mother would want you to have it . charlotte on no account : the view from the arno be yours . the two , tired and out of sort , be work each other up . by now , they both sound distinctly peevish . lucy I do not know why we be argue because we do not have it . we have no view . mr , emerson ( lean across the table toward they ) I have a view . I have a view . charlotte be startle . her glance pass over emerson quickly but she do not really look at he . his forward - ness strike she as uncouth and ill-bred . mr . emerson so do George - my son George here . lucy , who be about to speak , be repress by charlotte . GEORGE continue to frown at the diagram he have arrange on he plate . mr . emerson we both have room with view . charlotte ( look over he head , mutter vaguely ) delightful - a view - how very delightful . mr , emerson what I mean be that you can have we room , and we will have yours . we will change . the other guest fall silent . some appear shocked ; all sympathize with the newcomer as mr. emerson expands on he offer . mr . emerson why should not you have they ? why should not they have they , George ? hm ? they want room with view , so they can have ours . it 's very simple . 7 Lucy give a start of pleasure and gratitude - charlotte restrain she . charlotte thank you . you be most kind . it be entirely out of the question . a murmur of approval from the rest of the table : evidently this newcomer , as against the emerson , have the right attitude and breeding . mr . emerson ( get red and excited ) it 's the simple thing on earth : be not it , George ? George ! they want view , we do not want they . ergo , they should have they . the whole table be attentive : they be impressed by charlotte 's brilliantly correct handle of this impossible situation and this impossible old man . charlotte thank you very much indeed . we could not impose on you kindness . mr , emerson ( both fist plant on the table in challenge ) why ? there 's no kindness . only common sense . lucy you see , we would not like to - charlotte eat you dinner , dear . mr . emerson ( thumping he fist like a naughty child ) woman like look at a view ; man do not . George , persuade they . GEORGE ( without look up ) it 's obvious they should have the room . there 's nothing else to say . lucy regards he with covert curiosity . he look brood , perplex - but also very handsome in a rugge , manly way . mr . emerson ( attack charlotte almost violently ) why should not you change ? we can clear out in half a hour ! 15 minute ! it 's ridiculous - this nicety : they contravene common sense ; every kind of sense . charlotte place she knife and fork together neatly on she empty plate . she have the air of a martyr - but one firm and strong in resolve . mr . emerson be now talk to the table at large , wave he arm about - mr . emerson I do not care for what I see outside . charlotte look around she as much as to say , " be you all like this ? " and the two miss alan , who be sit further up the table , with shawl hang over the back of they chair , look back , clearly indicate , " we be not ; we be genteel . " charlotte ( regard the pudding plate place in front of she ) no , thank you . she be press lucy 's foot under the table . mr . emerson ( thumping he heart ) here be where the bird sing ; here be where the sky be blue . charlotte ( whisper ) let 's go , Lucy . she get up with resolution . her exit be very different from she entrance . she be acknowledge by the other with murmur of warmth and friendliness : charlotte have prove herself . lucy have to follow she . but as she go , she turn once and make a hasty bow ~- a shameface acknowledgment - to the emerson . only GEORGE see it : and he reply by raise he eyebrow and smile in a strange , quizzical way . 7. 8 . 9 lucy , confuse , blush , not know what to make of this smile , hurry after charlotte . night . interior , passage between dine and drawing room . once outside here , the stately and victorious charlotte collapse . charlotte what a impossible person ! lucy he mean to be kind - I do not understand you - charlotte please leave it to I : I know how to deal with such people . lucy Charlotte , you deal rudely ! you deal wrongly ! charlotte do not acknowledge that she have deal wrongly and say grimly : charlotte this pension be a failure . tomorrow we will make a change . her tone of " nanny -know - best " goad lucy to further anger and in this heat state they enter the draw room . night . interior . pension drawing room , this room , with its tightly stuff , round , tomato -re chair and armchair , do its best to reproduce the solid comfort of a bloomsbury board house . mr . beebee , a English clergyman with a bald head and red whisker , be seat there with a English newspaper which he lower at the tempestuous entrance of the two lady . at the sight of he , they anger with each other turn into a sort of hysterical relief . they exclaim , they rush up to he , they appear to be surround he - lucy why , it 's Mr. beebee ! oh , how perfectly lovely ! oh , Charlotte , we must stop now , however bad the room be . 10 charlotte ( with more restraint ) how do you do , Mr. beebee ? he have rise in amazement . the two women start explain simultaneously . lucy do not you remember we - charlotte miss bartlett and miss honeychurch . we meet at tunbridge Wells when you come to help we vicar - lucy - that very cold Easter ! lucy be in a state of what might be call spiritual starvation . as Forster say , she would have be glad to see the waiter if charlotte have permit it . she rush on : lucy just fancy how small the world be ! I have hear from mother that you be to be we vicar - charlotte miss honeychurch will be one of you parishioner - lucy at summer Street - slowly mr . beebee get all this straighten out . he welcome they pleasantly . mr . beebee quite right - I move into the rectory at summer Street in June . lucy we house be call windy corner - oh , I be so glad to see you . charlotte , exhaust by strong emotion , sink into one of the tomato chair . the two miss alan enter and go up to charlotte : miss catherine we do feel so sorry for you in the dining room . 11 miss teresa Mr. emerson be so tactless . lucy but he mean to be kind . ( to mr. beebee ) this old gentleman - and he son - kindly offer we they room with a view . for ours which have no view . mr , beebee ( judiciously weigh the situation ) I see . teresa it be most indelicate . catherine but thing that be indelicate - can sometimes be beautiful . lucy oh yes ! yes ! charlotte I be the chaperone of my young cousin , Lucy , and it would be a serious thing if I put she under a obligation to people of whom we know nothing . mr . beebee be thoughtful for a few moment . mr . beebee I do not think much harm would have come of accept ... lucy there , Charlotte . ( or she only look this meaning ) charlotte ( pursing she mouth , to mr . beebee ) so you think I ought to have accept they offer ? you think I have be narrow -mind ? mr . beebee ( who be use to purse - mouth female ) not at all . I never suggest that . he catch lucy 's implore look - 9 . 10 . 12 mr . beebee «ee if you will allow I , I would be happy to be you intermediary with Mr. emerson . everyone look at charlotte , who remain silent and tight - lipped . mr . beebee ( gently ) I think he would not take advantage of you acceptance , nor expect any gratitude . he have room he do not value , and he think you would value they . lucy Charlotte , please . charlotte my own wish , dearest Lucy , be unimportant in comparison with yours . I be only here through you kindness . if you want I to turn this gentleman out of they room , I will do it . would you then , Mr. beebee , kindly tell Mr. emerson we accept he offer ? mr . beebee bow and depart with the message , look irritate . lucy he be nice . just what I remember . he seem to see good in everyone . no one would take he for a clergyman . night . interior . room with view . GEORGE be throw he thing together , move out of the room . night . interior . room without view . porter be shoulder baggage , under charlotte 's supervision . charlotte ( to lucy , as they follow porter ) remember , Lucy , I alone be implicate in this . they go out into the passage . 11 . 12 . 13 night . interior . upstair passage . GEORGE , with he baggage , be come from one side , porter with baggage and charlotte and lucy follow , from the other . a collision be imminent . charlotte I do not wish the acceptance to come from you . ( hiss , so that GEORGE , who be now upon they , might not hear ) grant I that , at all event . there be now a impasse in the corridor and charlotte talk she way around it : charlotte {to GEORGE ) I would like to thank you father personally for he kindness to we . GEORGE ( skillfully maneuver he way ) you can not . he 's in he bath . charlotte gasp - but GEORGE do not notice . he have manage to get past they and be on he way to he new room . lucy , follow charlotte and porter , be try hard to look serious . night . interior . room with view ( charlotte be ) . lucy be by the window breathe in the night air , while charlotte be arrange she thing . charlotte .«.. naturally , of course , I would have give the larger room to you ; but I happen to know that it be the young man 's - as lucy do not follow this reason - charlotte in my small way , I be a woman of the world , and I know where thing lead to ... 14 arranging she toilet accessory on the washstand , she be stop short by the sight of a sheet of paper pin up over it . it be scrawle with a enormous note of interrogation . charlotte what ever do it mean ? lucy come and look at it with she . there be a imperious knock on the door . at lucy 's '' come in ! " GEORGE enter . he stride to the washstand . he tear down the sheet of paper . murmuring a awkward apology , he leave with it . the two women stare after he . morning . lucy pension bedroom . 13 . lucy be awake in she bed , look about she pleasant room , which Forster describe thus : " ... a bright bare room , with a floor of red tile which look clean though they be not ; with a paint ceiling whereon pink griffin and blue amorini-sport in a forest of yellow violin and bassoon ... " lucy take this in ( a equivalent room will have to be find , or decorate ) and then jump out of bed . she go to the window and with some difficulty get the shutter open , squeezing she finger in the process . when they open , the room fill with sunlight and lucy look at she view . she see below as much of the follow as can be manage : " , .. over the river man be at work with spade and sieve on the sandy foreshore , and on the river be a boat ... a electric tram come rush underneath the window ... its platform be overflow with italian ... Children try to hang on behind ... then soldier appear - goodlook , undersized man - wear each a knapsack cover with mangy fur , and a greatcoat which have be cut for some larger soldier . beside they walk officer , look foolish and fierce , and before they go little boy , turn somersault in time with the band . the tram - car become entangle in they rank , and move on painfully , like a caterpillar in a swarm of ant . one of the little boy fall down , and some white bullock come out of a archway ... " lucy 's enjoyment of this saul Steinberg scene be cut short by a tap on the door . it be charlotte , who come in and admonish she on leave she door unlock , and on she 14 . 15 lean out of the window in she nightgown , charlotte tell she that if they do not hurry up , the better part of the day will be lose . day . pension dine room . 15 . most people have finish they breakfast , except for miss lavish , who sit over she coffee with lucy and charlotte , who be argue . charlotte want to go out , but lucy make excuse in order to shake she off : she 's feel a wee bit tired , she would like to settle in , she think she will play the piano , etc . charlotte offer to stay in with she ; lucy say that would never do ; yes yes , no no , etc . when she 's ready , she will go out alone . charlotte can not allow this , she must accompany lucy everywhere . more yes yes , no no , certainly not ! miss lavish be English , miss honeychurch will be perfectly safe . italian understand . a dear friend ~f£ mine , contessa baroncelli , have two daughter , and when she cannot send a may to school with they she let they go in sailor-hats instead . everyone take they for English , you see , especially if they hair be strain tightly behind . day . exterior . florence back street . miss lavish , very bohemian in a blue military cloak swinging behind she , be conduct charlotte through the back street of Florence . this street be intricate and dirty , and as they penetrate deeper into they , miss lavish express herself more and more enchant . miss lavish a smell , a true florentine smell ! inhale , my dear : deeper . every city , let I tell you , have its own smell . in another dirty alley : miss lavish how I love this little back alley . look at that adorable wine -cart ! how the driver stare at we , dear , simple soul ! charlotte be evidently less entrance . from time to time she be force to bring she handkerchief to she nose and 16 tread rather delicately around something indelicate on the road . as they make they way , and pause from time to time for miss lavish to drink in local sensation , we hear the follow snatch of conversation : miss lavish «- . one have always to be open : wide open . I think miss Lucy be . charlotte ( nervously ) Lucy - open ? to what , miss lavish ? miss lavish to physical sensation ... charlotte oh ! ( a very ambiguous exclamation - laden with both shock and excitement ) miss lavish I will let you into a secret , miss bartlett : I have my eye on you cousin , miss Lucy honeychurch . charlotte ( thrilled yet apprehensive ) «.. for a character in you novel , miss lavish ? miss lavish the Young English girl transfigure by Italy . and why should she not be transfigure ? it happen to the goth ... in another part of the city : miss lavish I do declare , we be lose - no , miss bartlett , I will not have you look into you baedeker . two lone female in a unknown town ... now that 's what I call a adventure . we will simply drift ... they press on - charlotte somewhat droop but miss lavish undaunted . then , as they destination rise up before they suddenly - 16 . 17 miss lavish Santa Maria del fiore ! buon giorno ! buon giorno ! thou Holy maiden of the Dark Ages , I salute thee ! two british tourist can be see approach the Cathedral - miss lavish stop a minute . let that two people go on , or I shall have to speak to they ... oh , the britisher abroad !... it 's very naughty of I , but I would set a examination paper at dover and turn back every tourist who could not pass it . face with the Cathedral , charlotte surreptitiously try to look into she baedeker again - but miss lavish shut it and take it away from she with a skittish firmness to which charlotte delightedly submit . Arm in arm , with a air aimost of recklessness , miss lavish 's cloak swinging , they scale the step of the Cathedral : two british lady abroad ... day . interior . pension passage and stair . 17 . two more british lady abroad : exhaust from a morning 's sightseeing , the miss alan have retreat back to the pension and be wearily ascend the stair . sound of piano music from the draw room : Beethoven 's sonata in C minor , Opus 111 , play very well . the miss alan open the door of they room - day . interior . pension room , they see the room brim with violet - and mr. emerson fill more vase - and GEORGE wreathing the washstand - the miss alan advance bewilder - mr . emerson well - you say you like violet . GEORGE so we bring you violet . be . 18 mr . emerson be so delighted with what he have do - and indeed the violet be so beautiful - that the miss alan can not help be delighted too . they giggle like two schoolgirls , and encourage by mr . emerson , they even fix some flower into they hair - sound of piano - day . interior . pension drawing room . lucy be at the little drape piano play Beethoven . she play with verve and authority , and seem intoxicate by the music and she own play of it . mr . beebee be listen to she with grow astonishment . when she have finish and he have applaud - mr . beebee May I say something - rather dare ? lucy oh , Mr. beebee : you sound like miss lavish . do not say you be write a novel , too . mr . beebee if I be , you should be my heroine and I would write : '' if miss honeychurch ever take to live as she play , it will be very exciting - both for we and for she . " lucy do not know what he mean . as she move over to the window - lucy mother do not like I play Beethoven . she say I be always peevish afterward . and she do look - if not peevish , then at least restless , look out of the window . mr . beebee naturally . one would be stir up . that 's what music be for . wo not you play some more ? lucy . «ee think I '11l go out . ( turn from the window ) 19 . 20 . 19 mr . beebee what - alone ? would that be wise , miss honeychurch ? lucy oh , Mr. beebee , to be wise one might have stay at home in summer Street - already half out of the door - lucy I will not go far , I promise . she have go before he can say anything . day . interior . pension passage . lucy have walk out so impetuously that she do not see , and nearly collide with , miss catherine alan . her apology be as excited as she movement of exit - but she do not stop . miss catherine , astonished , look after she - then enter the draw room . day . interior . pension drawing room . she sidle in characteristically , make self - conscious by the proximity of a lone man . miss catherine whatever be the matter with dear miss Lucy ? mr . beebee ( watch lucy from the window ) «eel put it down to too much Beethoven , miss catherine join he by the window . mr . beebee ( glance down at she ) you have flower in you hair , miss Catherine , like a pagan goddess . she pick they out , smile as she do so . they both watch lucy . ( if it be not possible because of the location to have they look out of a window , then let they watch she through the draw room door as she make she escape via a entrance hall or courtyard . ) 21 . 22 . 20 title card : in santa croce with no baedeker day . exterior . street of florence . contrary to what miss lavish tell she about English girl in Italy , she be very much notice and appreciate . men look at she with admiration , one or two try to speak to she . she either do not notice or pretend not to , and if she act primly , she 's too pretty and youthful for that to be a drawback ; in fact it seem almost a virtue . she might linger over the andrea della robbia infant of the foundle Hospital in the piazza dell ' annunziata . day . interior . santa croce . lucy wander around in the barnlike interior , shiver with cold . she have no baedeker , so do not know which painting and monument to admire . she walk about , somewhat disdainfully , unwilling to be enthusiastic over monument of uncertain authorship or date . but then she get interested in the place and the scene : priest , beggar , guide , tourist . she try to puzzle out the italian notice - one that forbid people to introduce dog into the church ; another not to spit on the floor ; to cover the head or to uncover it ; not to talk loudly ; to remember that the place be a House of worship , etc . she watch other tourist - the diligent foreigner , consulting they guidebook , look from page to statue and back again , almost like spectator at a tennis match . she watch the italian at worship , and particularly some SMALL child who seem to have get worship mix up with play backwards and forward over the recumbent form of some stone bishop . one child fall . lucy start forward to pick he up . mr. emerson appear , bent on the same mission . between they they try - in vain - to comfort the howling child . mr. emerson hateful bishop ! hard in life , hard in death . the child scream frantically . a italian woman take charge and the child be soon run around again happily . she walk she look 21 mr . emerson ( to woman ) you be a clever woman . you have do more than all the relic in the world . woman niente. away . lucy I be not sure she understand English . mr. emerson she understand everything ... be you do the church ? why do not you join we ? around : be he alone - or be the son with he ? she see czorge : he be intently look up at the vault roof and do not see she . Lucy ( stiffly , and take refuge in she dignity ) thank you very much , but I could not think of that . I really come to help with the child , and to thank you for so kindly give we you room last night . I hope that you have not be put to any great inconvenience . mr , emerson ( gently ) my dear , I think that you be repeat what you have hear older people say . you be pretend to be touchy ; but you be not really . stop be so tiresome , and tell I instead what part of the church you want to see . to take you to it will be a real pleasure . it be impossible for lucy to take offense at this old man 's '' impertinence " and she stand hesitate . he have a nosegay of violet tuck into he lapel . lucy I be not touchy , I hope . I want to see the giottos - if only I know which they be . mr . emerson come with I . 22 lucy follow mr. emerson into the peruzzi Chapel . there be a party of tourist in the chapel , lead by mr . eager , a clergyman . mr . emerson greet he cordially - then explain to lucy that it be Mr. eager , the resident English chaplain in Florence . mr . eager ( lecture to the tourist ) observe how giotto in this frescoes - now unhappily ruin by restoration - be untrouble by the snare of anatomy and perspective . mr . emerson ( point to the fresco of the ascension of St. John ) yes , look at that fat man in blue ! he must weigh as much as I do , and he be shoot into the sky like a air balloon . mr . eager resolutely ignore he and go on instruct he flock of tourist , who shift uneasily , as do lucy . mr . eager remember the fact about this church of Santa croce ; how it be build by faith in the full fervor of mediaevalism - mr , emerson built by faith indeed ! that simply mean the workmen be not pay properly . mr. eager ( frigidly ) pardon I . the chapel be somewhat small for two party . we will incommode you no longer . he lead he flock away . mr. emerson stop ! there 's plenty of room for we all . stop ! the tourist disappear without a word . mr. emerson look after they - but forget about they as he eye fall on - GEORGE , stand alone in gloomy abstraction . at this moment he be not a unattractive figure by any mean , 23 and in the shadow he face appear tender . lucy watch he with feeling of interest for a few second and in turn be observe by mr. emerson . mr , emerson look at my poor boy ... lucy look away ; and blushes ; and do not want to listen to what mr . emerson be say ; and yet do . mr , emerson he 's very unhappy . lucy but why should he be ? mr . emerson well may you ask ... what more be one to give he ? and think how he have be bring up - free from all the superstition that lead man to hate one another in the name of God ... at this blasphemy , lucy try to leave - Lucy ( murmure ) I must go - my cousin will be anxious - mr . emerson actually catch hold of she to prevent she . mr . emerson I do not require you to fall in love with my boy , but try and understand he . my poor young lady , I think you be muddle , too - you have let other people muddle you . lucy be impressed by the possible truth of this ; and she now look toward GEORGE with great sympathy : lucy be that what 's happen to he ? have he let other people - mr . emerson no , in he case he 's do it himself - with all this brood on the thing of the Universe . I do not believe in this world sorrow . do you ? 23 . 24 . 24 lucy ( unable to express herself , yet with conviction ) no . ohno . I do not , Mr. emerson . not at all . mr . emerson well there you be ! then make my boy realise that by the side of the everlast why there be aye ! and a yes and a yes ! this inflate oratory bring lucy back to earth . she adopt a tone of solid , suburban common sense : lucy have you son no particular hobby ? I generally forget my worry at the piano ; and collect stamp do no end of good to freddy , my brother ... you must excuse I , Mr. emerson : my cousin will be most anxious if I do not get back this instant ... mr . emerson 's face sadden . he touch she gently with he hand . mr . emerson poor girl . poor girl . lucy ( flaring up ) poor girl ? on the contrary - I think myself a very fortunate girl . I be thoroughly happy , and have a splendid time . ( in a tone of dismissal ) Goodbye . thank you both so much for all you kindness . she hurry away , not look right or leave , and certainly not at GEORGE . day . exterior , outside santa croce . lucy be hurry away from the church - she enter a shop . day . interior . postcard shop . lucy busy postcard . this be : giorgione 's tempesta , fra angelico 's coronation , giotto 's ascension of St. John , some della robbia baby , some guido reni lonna . she consider botticelli 's birth of venus for a long time , include it , then at the last moment decide against it 25 . 25 and put it back in the rack . she get she change muddle - almost forget she packet - then go out . dusk . exterior . in the piazza signoria . now she be no longer in a hurry but linger as if she be wait for someone or something to happen to she ... she fix she eye on the tower of the palazzo vecchio . it arise out of the surround dusk like a pillar of gold throbbing in the tranquil sky . absorb in this vision , she do not notice what be go on around she . two men very near she have start bicker by the loggia . she only vaguely hear they cry of " cinque lire ! cinque lire ! " they spar at each other - one man be hit lightly on the chest . he frown ; he bend toward lucy as if he have a important message for she . he open he lip to deliver it , and a stream of blood come out and trickle down he unshaven chin . a crowd rise up around they . lucy see GEORGE look at she from out of this crowd . there be shout and cry . the wounded man be lift up and carry to the fountain . the murderer cry out and kiss he . but lucy , look at GEORGE , see he grow dim ... GEORGE , push he way through the crowd , catch lucy as she fall . he carry she in he arm to the step of the uffizi arcade . he lower she gently ; he support she in he arm ; he look into she face . the hubbub around the fountain come to they as if from a great distance . they seem to have move into a world of great silence ; sit there they appear , like the other statue in the arcade , to be more than human - a statue not merely of two lover but of eternal Lovers . lucy open she eye . she look back into he face . she sit up . he rise and dust he knee . lucy oh , what have I do ? GEORGE you faint . lucy I - I be very sorry . GEORGE how be you now ? lucy perfectly well - absolutely well . 26 GEORGE then let 's come home . there 's no point in we stop . he hold out he hand to help she up . she pretend not to see it . the cry from the fountain continue , as a background to this conversation . lucy how very kind you have be ! I might have hurt myself fall . but now I be well . I can go alone , thank you . he remain silent , and he hand remain extend . lucy oh , my photograph ! GEORGE what photograph ? lucy I buy some photograph at alinari's . I must have drop they out there in the square . would you be so very kind - thank you so very much - he nod brusquely , then turn to go . as soon as he back be turn , lucy get up " ... with the cun of a maniac ... " and steal down the arcade toward the arno . GEORGE miss honeychurch ! she stop , she hand on she heart . GEORGE sit still ; you be not fit to go home alone . lucy yes I be , thank you so very much . GEORGE no you be not . lucy but I have rather - 26 . 27 GEORGE then I do not fetch you photo - graph . a pause . he tell she commandingly : GEORGE sit down . the man be dead . bewildere , she obey he . GEORGE and do not move till I come back . lucy sit on the step : she see the black - hood figure of the fraternity of the misericordia pass like figure in a dream . the hubbub around the fountain also seem hear as if ina dream . lucy do not know what be happen or what have happen . she bury she face in she hand . GEORGE find the packet of photograph lie on the pave - ment . the envelope be cover with blood . he hesitates , look in lucy 's direction , then wipe the blood off with he handkerchief and go back to she with the card . when GEORGE return , lucy pull herself together . she become brisk , English , suburban again . she rise without assistance and walk without assistance toward the arno . dusk . exterior , embankment . lucy be babbling on rather breathlessly while GEORGE stride beside she in he usual impenetrable silence . lucy .-. iitalian be so very odd , be not they . so excitable . only yesterday I hear about another murder - I do not know the detail but a poor little boy be involved . and yet they seem so kind and lovable . it 's too extraordinary that they should at the same time be so violent - Mr. emerson ? he turn toward she , frown as if she have disturb he in some abstract quest . 28 lucy I want to ask you something before we go in . she stop and lean she elbow on the parapet of the embankment by the ponte alle grazie . he do the same . in they identity of position , they again suggest something abstract , more than human - a embodiment of eternal companionship . lucy ( move she elbow ) I be never so much ashamed of myself in my life ; I cannot think what come over I . GEORGE perfectly natural ; I nearly faint myself . lucy well , I owe you a thousand apology . GEORGE accept they in silence . Lucy «.- and - this be what I want to ask you - you know how silly people be gossipe - ( witha nervous laugh ) lady especially , I be afraid - you understand what I mean ? GEORGE I be afraid I do not . lucy ( with a sigh that such indelicate explanation should be necessary ) I mean , would you not mention it to anyone - my foolish behaviour ? he throw something into the river with a abrupt movement . lucy what be that ?... what do you throw in ? GEORGE ( crossly ) thing I do not want . 29 lucy Mr. emerson !. , .. where be the photograph ?... I believe it be my photograph you throw away ! GEORGE ( suddenly bewilder , turn toward she like a anxious boy ) I do not know what to do with they !... they be cover with blood . there ; now I have tell you . they both stand again as before , side by side with they elbow on the parapet . they look down into the river which have swirl away she bloody photograph . after a long silence - GEORGE ( speak slowly out of deep think ) something tremendous have happen . it be not exactly that a man have die - but some - thing else too ... lucy look into he face as he try to express himself . who know in what direction he thought will go next . she attempt to stop he before he can say more . lucy well , thank you again . how quickly this accident do happen , and then one return to the old life ! GEORGE I do not . she look at he anxiously . GEORGE : something have happen to I . I do not know . and perhaps to you , she be silent ; she do not disclaim it ; nor do she move away but continue to stand beside he , she elbow like he on the parapet , contemplate the River arno whose roar be suggest some unexpected melody to she ear . on a common impulse , without pass a word or look , they turn away . 27 . day . exterior . piazza _signoria . charlotte and lucy be on they way back to the pension from the bank . charlotte , with the complacency of fate , 30 lead they into the piazza signoria . lucy hang back but charlotte keep on , oblivious . the exact site of the murder be occupy by miss lavish . she have the morning newspaper in she hand . she hail they briskly . miss lavish aha ! miss honeychurch ! I be in luck . now , you be to tell I absolutely everything that you see from the beginning . lucy poke at the ground with she parasol . miss lavish but perhaps you would rather not ? lucy I be sorry . if you could manage without it . the elder lady exchange approve glance ; it be suitable that a girl should feel deeply . miss lavish it 's I who be sorry . we literary hack be shameless creature . she march cheerfully to the fountain and back , count step . miss lavish I have be in the piazza since eight o'clock , collect material . the two man quarrel over a five lira note . ( in the throes of creation , and make a dramatic announcement ) for the five lira note I be go to substitute a young lady . it will raise the tone of the tragedy . lucy look uncomfortable . charlotte what be the plot ? miss lavish ( grandly ) Love , murder , abduction , revenge ! andate via ! sono occupato ! a vendor of panoramic photograph have approach , hold out he ware with a courteous smile . 31 while miss lavish be engage with the vendor , lucy take ne the opportunity to say to charlotte in a quick aside : lucy Charlotte ! here 's a idea . what if we pop off to Rome tomorrow - straight ? charlotte oh , you droll person ! miss lavish ' I confess that in Italy my | sympathy be not with my own countryman . let I give you | fair warning : I intend to be unmerciful to the british tourist . charlotte you wick woman ! I be sure you be think of the emerson . miss lavish continue she pace , shadow by the vendor . '' lucy do let 's go . I be sick of Florence . ' ~ charlotte ! you mother would have a fine bone to pick with I if we leave , Florence without a single visit to the pitti Palace . ( affec - ' tionately press she hand ) it be yesterday 's shock - we must put it right out of we mind . miss lavish ( return , with the vendor ) I repeat and I insist : a tragedy such as yesterday 's be not the less tragic because it happen in humble life . andante presto ! Presto ! she strike at the proffer view with she roll - up newspaper and it tear . the vendor put up a wail . under cover of this : lucy I just want to be with you - all the time . promise not to leave I . promise . 32 charlotte there , there . you dull old Charlotte 's here . miss lavish ignore he . she stride out and the vendor hurry after she , hold up he damage view , a end in each hand . other look in they direction as the air ring with he threat and lamentation . he appeal to lucy . from a distance we see he be pay off and mollify . title card : the reverend Arthur beebee , the reverend Cuthbert eager , Mr. emerson , Mr. George emerson , miss Eleanor lavish , miss Charlotte bartlett and miss Lucy honeychurch drive out in carriage to see a View ; italian drive they . 28 . day . exterior . road through tuscan landscape . two carriage be drive upward to fiesole through a glorious landscape of flowering hill and valley . in the carriage in front be : mr. eager ( the English chaplain we already meet ) and mr. emerson , lucy and miss lavish . they italian coachman be young and handsome and in a sprightly mood . in the follow carriage : mr. beebee , GEORGE , charlotte . a beautiful italian girl - persephone personify , the reign goddess of the tuscan spring - be stand wait at a curve of the upward wind road . she be shield she eye against the sun as she look toward the ascend carriage . when the first carriage reach she , she nimbly climb up beside the coachman and they go career on . the coachman slip the leave rein over she head , enable he to drive with he arm around she waist . mr. eager tap the coahcman on the back when he notice this . coachman ( turn around with a ingra - tiating smile ) she be my sister . mr . eager ...- I be not sure we ought to allow this : it be the thin end of the wedge . the lady intercede on they behalf . 33 they drive on . the two gentlemen have they back to the horse . mr. eager be expound , mr. emerson be fall asleep . facing they , miss lavish be listen to mr . eager , and lucy , elegantly dress in white , be watch the coachman shamelessly make love to he girl . mr . eager so , miss honeychurch , you be travel ? as a student of art ? lucy oh , dear I no - oh no ! miss lavish perhaps as a student of human nature , like myself ? lucy I be here as a tourist . mr . eager be you indeed ? if you will not think I rude , we resident sometimes pity you poor tourist not a little - hand about like a parcel of goods from Venice to Florence , from Florence to Rome , quite unconscious of anything that be outside baedeker - they one anxiety to get " do " or " through " and go on somewhere else ... miss lavish ( over the precede ) I abhor baedeker ! if it be leave to I , every copy would be flung into the arno - mr . eager - town , river , palace , all mix up in one inextricable whirl - over there , please observe , miss honeychurch , the villa of my dear friend Lady helen laverstock who be at present busy over fra angelico - a definitive study - miss lavish fix she pincenez with eager interest but lucy have difficulty tear she eye away from the two lover on the driver 's seat , who be enjoy themselves and the ride tremendously . 34 mr , eager on the right - no just there - Mr. Henry burrage life . a american of the best type - so rare ! - doubtless you know he monograph in the series of " mediaeval byways " ? piano ! piano ! ( wave he hand elegantly over he head with - out turn around ) coachman va be , signore , va be , va be . he whip the horse up again . the doze mr. emerson be flung against mr . eager , who make a long - suffer face , in the second carriage , mr . beebee be trap with a silent GEORGE and a prim charlotte do she best to keep she hat in place as the second coachman urge he horse to keep up with the other . mr . beebee do you know who that be lead we ? phaeton himself ! I recog - nize he at once . phaeton in Tuscany drive a cab . charlotte ( less enthusiastic ) oh yes . quite . ( try to engage GEORGE in conversation ) you father , I believe , Mr. emerson , be a journalist ? GEORGE use to be . charlotte and you yourself , if I might - GEORGE on the railway . charlotte I see . mr. beebee ( hastily cover up ) phaeton in all he classical purity , untouched alike by the Age of faith and the Age of doubt ... 35 we see phaeton and persephone , the wind blow they hair , a young God and goddess . in the first carriage mr , eager be still talk , though somewhat incommode by mr . emerson asleep lurching against he . mr . eager you know the american girl in punch who say : " say , poppa , what do we see at Rome ? " and the father reply : " why , guess Rome be the place where we see the yaller dog . " there 's travel for you ! ha! hal ... ah ! what ! stop ! at once ! for , turn around in a inauspicious moment , he have catch the coachman kissing he girl . in he fluent but execrable italian , mr . eager order the girl to be take down from the carriage . coachman and girl plead and protest . mr. emerson have wake up and ask what have happen . lucy lean forward and tell he in a whisper . he look pleased . the second carriage draw up behind they and mr . beebee lean out to ask what have happen . mr . eager please - I know how to deal with this people . ( deaf to the plea of the lover , he insist that the girl must descend ) miss lavish I daresay I shall receive scant support , but I would let they be . I have always fly in the face of convention all my life . mr . eager ( over the above ) we must not submit . he be treat we as if we be a party of cook 's tourist . this silence miss lavish . mr . emerson leave they alone . do we find happiness so often that we should turn it off the box when it happen to sit there ? 29 . 36 he pat they on the back to signify he approval . coachman ( to lucy ) signorina ! persephone signorina ! she point at the other carriage . lucy look and see GEORGE there . for a moment the two girl look at each other . but mr . eager be adamant and the girl get down from the box . they drive on - the coachman now very surly and jolting they as hard as he can . persephone be leave by the roadside . day . exterior . varying aspect of mountain scenery between fiesole and the castello DI vincigliata . the carriage have arrive , the occupant descend . from they eminence , they see a hollow like a great amphi - theatre , full of terrace step and misty olive . they climb up into the hill , split off into different group - mr . beebee direct the coachman where to place the picnic hamper . he be join by mr. eager . mr , emerson try to have a conversation in halting italian with the disgruntled coachman . GEORGE be openly wait for lucy to join he . but she hurry away from he uncompromising figure to follow charlotte and miss lavish - this two be walk close together , engross in a whisper conversation which sometimes break into stifle laughter . they be talk about GEORGE emerson 's unfortunate occupation ; we only catch some of they word . miss lavish ( gasp ) the railway ! oh , I shall die ! of course it be the railway ! he be the image of a porter - on - on the South - Eastern . 30 . 37 charlotte ( pluck at she ) Eleanor , be quiet . they will hear - the emerson . miss lavish ( more giggle ) I can not stop . let I go my wick way . a porter - charlotte Eleanor ! lucy , who have be walk close enough behind they to hear all this , speak up with spirit : lucy I be sure it 's all right . the emerson will not hear , and they would not mind if they do . miss lavish be not pleased by this . miss lavish ( rather crossly ) miss honey - church listen ! pouf ! wouf ! you naughty girl ! go away ! charlotte oh , Lucy , I be sure Mr , eager want to explain the landscape to you - lucy ( stubbornly ) I can not find he now and I do not want to either . they have to resign themselves to she presence . day . exterior . on_the road . geroge have remain by the carriage . he draw a large question mark in the dirt with a stick . then he wipe it out and instead draw the letter y E S. abruptly he plunge down the bank away from the other and , cheerful and athletic , make he way to a eminence overlook the Val d'arno and distant Florence . he try out the echo . at first he give a " ooooh ! " sound , but then replace it with this word which now ring over the hillside : 31 . 38 GEORGE ( shouting ) Liberty - Truth - beauty - Love ! day . exterior . little valley . 32 . the word resound among the tea-cup of the two clergymen and mr . emerson around the hamper . mr . beebee be that you son ? could it be the silent , dour George ? mr . emerson he 's say he creed . mr . eager one more lump , if I might trouble you , Mr. beebee , thank you . george' voice : " beauty ! " mr , emerson he be declare the eternal yes . mr , eager and a spoon , if there be one . george' voice : " Love ! " day . exterior . beautiful spot # 2. george' voice ( or its echo ) also reach the three lady . only lucy be attentive to it . miss lavish be busy spread two mackintosh square . charlotte from weybridge , you say ? how very odd . miss lavish weybridge , Surrey - on she very first visit to Italy . george' voice : " Love ! " Lucy what 's that ? 39 charlotte oh , the gentleman be doubltess have a game - why do not you go and find they ? lucy because I want to stop here with you . miss lavish ( lowering herself onto a mackintosh square ) observe my foresight : I never venture out without my mackintosh square for at any time one may have to sit on damp ground or cold marble . charlotte Lucy - take the other one : the ground will do for I . lucy protest - in vain ; charlotte sit on the ground . charlotte really , I have not have rheumatism for year , and if I do feel it come on , I shall stand up ... and she never go back to weybridge ? miss lavish her friend have to return alone while she remain in monteriano . charlotte and she really - miss lavish nod but cannot say more because of lucy 's presence , charlotte ( clear she throat ) now do not be alarmed ; this be not a cold . it 's the tiniest cough , and I have have it three day . it 's nothing to do with sit here at all . lucy oh very well : I shall join Mr. eager . charlotte do , dear ; he will be pleased . ( hardly wait for she to be out of earshot ) and she really marry this italian ? 33 . 34 . 40 miss lavish in the church at monteriano . a youth ten year young than herself . day . exterior . by the road . lucy , in search of the other , address herself to the coachmen who be sprawling in the carriage , smoking cigar . lucy dove ? the first coachman nod at she radiantly . lucy ( struggle with she italian ) dove buoni uomini ? he know perfectly . he be ready and able to conduct she . he adjust he hat , encourage he moustache , and with the graciousness of a host invite she to follow he . she do so , for the first time really enjoy the landscape . day . exterior . beautiful spot # 2. charlotte and miss lavish on they mackintosh square . they be now in a pensive mood . miss lavish «-. I have a theory that there be something in the italian landscape which incline even the most stolid nature to romance . charlotte ( regard landscape ) it remind I somewhat of the country around shropshire where I once spend a holiday at the home of my friend , miss apesbury . miss lavish and - I divine it - Charlotte , you have a adventure there ! vain to deny it ! charlotte be blush , confuse , happy under miss lavish 's teasing . 35 . 36 . 41 day . exterior . on the way to eminence . coachman stop to pick some violet and present they to lucy . she take they with real pleasure . they walk on . the view be form - lucy see the river , the golden plain , other hill . coachman eccolo ! lucy give a cry - the ground have give way and she fall on to a little terrace , cover with violet from end to end . it be like a sea of violet , foam down the hillside . stand on the brink of this sea , like a swimmer about to dive , be GEORGE . GEORGE contemplate lucy - who appear to have fall out of heaven into this sea of violet which beat against she dress in blue wave . the coachman watch they from behind the bush , a violet between he tooth . GEORGE step forward quickly and kiss lucy ( on the cheek ) . charlotte's voice call : " Lucy ! Lucy ! " they look up and see she stand brown against the view . then charlotte spy the coachman in the bush . he stare at all three , maybe laugh unabashedly . day . exterior . descending from fiesole . the cloud be mass over the landscape in a threaten way . there be distant thunder . the wind have come up . charlotte , hold on to lucy , ask miss lavish to go in the other carriage and pointedly ask mr . eager to get in with they . when he have do so , and before GEORGE can take he place , charlotte tell the coachman # 1 ( " phaeton " ) to start out . lucy cry out and stand up as the carriage move , until she be pull down to safety . the occupant of the other carriage begin to rearrange themselves to make room for GEORGE . instead of get in , he wave they on good - naturedly . the second carriage go . 37 . 38 . 42 GEORGE ( shouting after it to he father ) I will walk . mr . emerson protest , point to the threaten sky , but GEORGE sturdily stride off . the carriage rattle off , mr. emerson continue to shout to GEORGE to induce he to ride with they . but GEORGE cheerfully wave they on . day . exterior . on the road . the storm be gather . GEORGE seem to enjoy it - eagerly look up as though invite the element to break , when the rain begin to pour down , he take off he hat and raise he face to the rain and let it soak into he . day . exterior . fiesole road . in the carriage , charlotte and lucy be huddle together under a inadequate parasol . they hand be inter - twine . lucy now appear to be cling to charlotte for protection . rain and darkness have come on together . there be a flash of lightning and lucy scream . mr. eager address she professionaly : mr , eager courage , miss honeychurch , courage and faith . do you suppose that all this immense electrical display be simply call into existence to extinguish you or I ? Lucy no - of course - mr . eager even from the scientific standpoint the chance against we be strike be enormous . the steel picnic knife , the only article which might attract the current , be in the other carriage . and , in any case ... there be a explosion on the road . the storm have strike the overhead wire of the tramline and one of the great 43 support fall moment before the carriage arrive at the spot . they stop . everyone descend from the carriage and embrace each other joyfully . it have be a miraculous preservation . the coachmen shout in wonder and cross themselves . very excited , mr. emerson insist they must return to pick up GEORGE . mr . emerson the boy may lose he way ! he may be kill ! mr . beebee and mr. eager attempt to calm he . mr . eager ( gently ) we must have faith . there be a great crash of thunder . mr . emerson ( appeal to miss lavish ) but he may be kill ! mr . eager ( sotto voce to mr . beebee , as he be help the other lady back into the carriage ) typical behaviour . in the presence of reality that kind of person invariably break down . mr . beebee the old gentleman be anxious for he son . they lead he to the other carriage and put he into it . lucy , charlotte , and they coachman be again huddle in they carriage . charlotte ( point to coachman , whisper ) he see - but you may leave he to I . she tap he back . he turn around . she fumble in she purse - then proffer he a franc . charlotte ( finger on lip ) silenzio ! ~ , ) , 1 ! ne 39 . 40 . — 44 he turn back , pockete the franc . charlotte do not cry , dearest . Lucy «+. I have be worse than you know ... once by the river - the day of the murder - charlotte yes ? what ? speak , dear ! lucy +. oh but he be not kill - he would not be kill , would he ? Charlotte ! charlotte I trust not . one would always pray against that . mr . eager get back in . he give they a sharp look , as if he suspect something . the carriage ride on , lucy 's tear mingling with the rain . night . interior . pension passage and stair , charlotte be argue with the cockney signora who be demand a whole week 's rent . charlotte be firm in offer half a week 's rent - then walk sedately up the stair , not turn around or quicken she step in spite of the signora 's protest pursue she . night . interior . the room with a view . half -pack suitcase and a trunk stand open . the rain be pour down outside . one candle burn on a chest of drawer , casting monstrous and fantastic shadow on the bolt door as charlotte brushes lucy 's hair , make she hand with the brush appear like the threaten appendage of some giant insect , raise and lowering . out of the sound of the rain and the brush we finally hear charlotte speak : charlotte so what be to be do ? no answer . the brush continue . 45 charlotte what be to be do . you alone can decide . a tram roar by in the dark . lucy look sad and finally say : lucy it have be raining for nearly four hour . charlotte ignore this and continue brush with determination . she do not do it well and frequently pull lucy 's hair . but lucy be in she power . charlotte how do you propose to silence he ? lucy the driver ? charlotte my dear girl , no . Mr. George emerson . I do not wish to judge he uncharitably - but I know : he will talk . Lucy he will not ! he never talk ! one be fortunate to get as much as a yes or a no out of he . charlotte unfortunately I have meet the type before . ( look at charlotte it 's hard to believe this and lucy do not ) they seldom keep they exploit to themselves . lucy ( wince from the word , not the tug ) exploit ? charlotte look grim with superior knowledge . lucy ( get up suddenly and go to the window ) very well , I ‘'1l speak to he . charlotte utter a cry of alarm at this . she turn charlotte 46 lucy ( peer out of the window ) he should have be here at least a hour ago ; even if he do walk all the way . charlotte come away from the window , dear ; you will be see from the road . lucy «.«e the moment he come , I shall face he , charlotte you will do no such thing . my poor dear , you be so young , you have always live among such nice people ... this afternoon , for example , if I have not arrive , what would have happen ? lucy ( very gravely ) I can not think . she back - to hide what expression on she face ? look at she back , then persist : charlotte answer I , Lucia : what would have happen if I have not appear ? lucy ( wheeling round to she , now frankly laugh ) I tell you : I can not think . you do appear . charlotte «..0 for you brother ! if only freddy be here : he be young , but I know that he sister 's insult would rouse in he a very lion . ( kneel humbly by lucy 's suitcase , painfully pack in silence for a while ) ... I have vex you at every turn . lucy make a exclamation . charlotte yes , yes - it be so . I be too old for you and too dull ; only ( more ) 47 charlotte ( contd ) fit to pack and unpack you thing ... it will be a push to catch the morning train , but we must try . Lucy ( dully ) when do the train to Rome go ? charlotte at eight . charlotte get up . charlotte I have fail in my duty to you mother . she will never forgive I , and rightly . with this uncompromising statement , she resume she pack . but all she busyness , move around the room , can not hide the fact that she be alert to what lucy be go to answer . lucy answer nothing . she have resume she watch by the window . charlotte you mother have be so generous to I ; I shall never face she again , after this disaster . lucy feel compel to turn she attention again from the window to charlotte . charlotte I be here for you sake - by you mother 's generosity - yet I have neglect you . you mother will see this as clearly as I do , when you tell she . do come away from the window . she struggle with the strap of lucy 's suitcase . lucy , realise that a new point have be make , go over to she . charlotte she will certainly blame I when she hear of it . ( tightening strap ) certainly and deservedly . lucy why need mother hear of it ? 48 charlotte but you tell she everything ... ( pause ) do not you ? lucy I suppose I do generally . charlotte there be such beautiful confi - dence between you - one would not want to break it . and , as I have say , I be to blame . lucy I would not wish mother to think so . charlotte she will think so ... if you tell she . a pause . then lucy say - unwillingly but with resolution : lucy I will never speak of it , either to mother or to anyone . I promise I will not . charlotte have successfully end she struggle with the strap . she get up with satisfaction . she peck lucy on both cheek . charlotte better get to bed , dear . we have to make a early start . she go . as she be close the door , preposterously she point at the bolt ( or key ) and by gesture tell lucy to lock it . then she shut the door . we hear she footstep in the corridor . but lucy do not move . she sit on the side of she bed . youthful joy have drain out of she face . the doorbell ring . lucy start . 41 . night . interior . room with a view - charlotte be . charlotte stop she pack - she be lining the bottom of a trunk with book - and go to the window . 42 . night . interior . room with a view - lucy 's. so do lucy in she room . but she first blow out she candle . 49 43 . night . exterior . pension . GEORGE , who be stand outside the door , look up . but , since lucy be in the dark , it be only charlotte he see at the window . a maid servant open the door to he . he be very wet but radiant . he greet the servant with such warmth that she smile broadly back to he . 44 . night . interior . room with a view - lucy 's. lucy hear he come up the stair . after a moment 's hesitation , she stride to the door and open it boldly . 45 . night . interior . upstair passage . GEORGE see lucy appear at the door . but at the same moment the adjoin door open and charlotte appear . now lucy close she door . ( the effect of the two figure alternately appear and disappear be like that of the two figure in a clock . ) charlotte I wish one word with you in the draw room , Mr. emerson , please . she lead the way to the draw room . he follow she . 46 . night . interior . room with a view - lucy 's. lucy be get undress in a great hurry , breathe heavily with strong and angry feeling . she hear footstep and then charlotte 's voice : " good night , Mr. emerson . " lucy listen to GEORGE 's footstep recede . then there be absolute silence . in a access of fury , lucy fling she hairbrush against the wall . charlotte's voice Lucy ? lucy climb into bed and pull the cover over she head . 47 . 50 night . interior . room with a view - charlotte be . 48 . charlotte tap on the wall . charlotte go to bed at once , dear . you need all the rest you can get . charlotte begin she own night preparation . she take off she ring and range they on the pincushion ; she blow into she glove . and when she remove she dress we see she money belt or money pouch , a ungainly utilitarian object from which she extract a wad of bill to count . she unpin she hair ; when it be loose , she look at she face in the mirror . her loosen hair do not make she look young ; on the contrary , for it be thinning , and there be some grey strand in it which she pick out in the mirror . but after a moment she stop do that , and instead cover she face with she hand . she sit there - very still , rigid , and alone . the rain go on fall . title card : the betrothal day . exterior . " windy corner " in its surrey setting . " windy corner " - the honeychurch house . it be build on a range of hill overlook the weald . it stand not on the summit of the ridge but a few hundred foot down the southern slope . there be ravine surround it fill with fern and pine tree . the situation of the house be exquisite - the house very much less so . this be no stately Home , or architecturally interesting manor that would be illustrate in country life . it be a rather ugly , commodious , late victorian house - spacious enough for the honeychurch family and servant , but not impose to connoisseur of country house or English country life . yet it be so obviously a family house , build to satisfy comfort and personal taste and not someone else 's architectural pretension , that it do not mar its beautiful set but enhance , complete , humanise it . have view the house from a distance , we draw near - into the Garden , which be very ordinary , with tree , flower bed , a terrace , a rustic seat , but be tran — - figure by the magnificent view stretch beyond it . two figure be seat on the garden seat : lucy and cecil . ' they be in the classic pose of knight prefer 49 . 51 he suit and maiden hide she blushes - indeed , they might be pose for a painting entitle the proposal . day . interior . honeychurch drawing room , from the garden we enter the draw room of the house : here there be two other figure - one of this , mrs . honeychurch , be surreptitiously peeping out between the draw curtain at the couple in the garden . the other - freddy honeychurch - be somewhat ostentatiously mind he own business : that be , he be study a human bone which he have propped on the piano and a accompany text in a medical text - book . mrs . honeychurch I think thing be come to a head . freddy I do not see you ought to go peeping like that . mrs . honeychurch peep like what ? can not I look out of my own window ?... ( come over to glance at he book ) still page 322 . freddy snort and turn over two page . mrs . honeychurch you know , cecil actually ask my permission . I be so amused . he 's always go in for unconven - tionality , and parent nowhere , and so forth . but when it come to the point , he can not get on without I . freddy nor I ... he ask I for my permission also . mrs . honeychurch you ? freddy nod . mrs . honeychurch how very odd - whatever do you say ? 52 freddy I say " no " - there ! fly into a stew ! I can not help it ! it 's the way he put it - do not I think it be a splendid thing for Lucy if he marry she and be not I off my head with joy . so I say no , I be not . mrs . honeychurch ridiculous child ! you think you be so holy and truthful but really it 's only abominable conceit - freddy look out ! for the curtain have parte and cecil have enter . cecil ( declaim dramatically ) I promessi sposi . they fail to understand he . they stare at he . now that we see he close - up , cecil still look like a knight - not a romantic one but one stretch out on a tomb or guard the portal of a french cathedral . he be tall and refine , thin , gothic , fastidious , sexless . cecil ( translate for they benefit ) she have accept I . mrs . honeychurch ( after a short silence - over - effusively ) I be so glad . dear cecil , what joy . welcome as one of the family ! cecil ( shifting he eye to the ceiling ) thank you . freddy put down he bone and proffer a hand stain yellow by chemical . cecil gingerly accept it . but there be lucy call from the garden . mrs . honeychurch and freddy run out to she - cecil watch they - amused , perhaps rather touch by they demonstrativeness . he light a cigarette . 53 the maid appear at the door to announce mr , beebee - who be in the room before she have finish . mr . beebee ah , Mr. vyse . I have come for tea . do you suppose I shall get it ? cecil food be the one thing one do get here - do not sit in that chair ; young honeychurch have leave a bone in it . mr . beebee pfui ! freddy really be terrible - a most unpromising youth . so unlike he sister . cecil _ ( eager to talk about he fiancee ) you think he sister be " promise " ? mr . beebee ( sit down , glad to expatiate ) «» - I have a pet theory about miss honeychurch . cecil look encouragingly at mr . beebee in expectation of hearing the theory . mr . beebee do it seem reasonable to you that she should play so wonder - fully - play Beethoven with such passion - and yet live so quietly ? «-. I suspect that the day will come when music and life will mingle , and then she will be wonderful in both . cecil ( simply and sincerely ) well , Mr. beebee - I trust that day be at hand : she have just promise to marry I . mr . beebee do not take this news in at once - and when he do , he express not the joy cecil have anticipate but look disappointed , put out . there be a awkward silence . cecil ( dryly ) I be sorry if I have give you a shock . 50 . 51 . 54 mr . beebee ( pull himself together ) I be sorry ; I must apologise . I have no idea you be intimate with she ~ Mr. vyse , you ought to have stop I - the other have spot mr . beebee from the garden . they call to he , ask " what do you think of we news ! mr . beebee be glad to resolve the awkward moment - he put he arm around cecil , now smile , and lead he out . day . exterior . honeychurch garden , mr . beebee ( call ) congratulation ! blessing ! you vicar 's benediction ! in one hand he have freddy 's bone which he throw to he ~ freddy catch it . mr . beebee ( as he go out to they ) I want they all they life to be supremely good and supremely happy as husband and wife , as father and mother . and now I want my tea . everyone be now happy and smile in the garden which be like a green magic carpet hover in the air above the tremulous world of the weald stretch beyond it . title card : lucy as a work of art day . interior . mrs . butterworth drawing room . a decorous tea party in a summer Street draw room . the social level be at the point where country merge into suburban society . cecil and lucy be the centre piece of the occasion , which be in honour of they engagement . mrs . honeychurch be of course present . the other face be new to we . this include sir harry otway , the local squire . all beam approval on the young couple . some ( partly ) background conversation from sir harry : 55 sir harry there be some difference of opinion with the builder whose idea of a corinthian column be not exactly classical ... interjection from other guest - e.g. 1 . you can hardly expect that sort of person to have any conception of the order of architecture . 2 . it would be comic if it be not so tragic . ( etc . ) sir harry I hint that a column should be structural as well as decorative , and he inform I that they have all be order and be all in a different style - one with dragon , another in the ionian style - a third introduce he wife 's initial . most unfortunate , but what could I do ? mrs . honeychurch Sir Harry , I think you should just pull the whole thing down . sir harry that might be desirable but , ala , be hardly practical . simultaneously with the description of the column , a clumsy young parlour maid be bring in tea thing - the hostess , mrs . butterworth , keep a anxious eye on she . mrs . honeychurch be not that we Mary 's niece maggie ? mrs . butterworth she have be help out the past two day - I hope she will turn out more - ( to maid ) no , there , not here - ( from the unsatis - factory maid she look at cecil and whisper ) I do congratulate you , Mrs. honeychurch : a most distinguished and agreeable young man . 56 but cecil , balance plate and cup , look more distin- guish than agreeable : he be not enjoy the occasion . sir harry what I fear most be that the villa will attract the wrong type of tenant . it be too large for the peasant class , and too small for anyone the least like ourselves . cecil it might be a paradise for a bank -clerk . sir harry ( excitedly ) exactly ! that be exactly what I fear , Mr. vyse . it will attract the wrong type of people . the train service have improve - a fatal improvement to my mind . other guest murmur " quite " and " Rather unfortunate " to indicate they understanding of the problem . lucy Sir Harry - how would you like spinster ? sir harry most certainly - if they be go lewomen . lucy oh indeed they be , though at present homeless . I hear from they last week - miss Teresa and miss Catherine Alan - I meet they in Italy - mrs . honeychurch Sir Harry , beware of this gentle - woman : they be certain to have canary : they spit the seed out through the bar of the cage , and then the mouse come . beware of woman altogether and only let to aman - provide of course he be clean . lucy mother , you would be the first to love the miss alan . 52 . 57 mrs . honeychurch I do not know if I would love anyone from that pension of yours . be not there a lady novelist , too - and a free - think father and he son ? just then the clumsy maid upset tea over lucy 's new figure silk - there be general consternation - advice - offer of help - finally mrs . honeychurch take lucy away to wipe she dress - cecil look after they rather wildly , wishing he could follow . mrs . butterworth let I see , Mr. vyse - I forget - what be you profession ? cecil I have no profession . polite murmur . cecil my attitude - quite a indefensible one - be that so long as I be no trouble to anyone , I have a right to do as I like . it be , I dare say , a example of my decadence . some clear of throat , some more polite murmur . sir harry ( in a attempt to save the day ) you be very fortunate . the possession of leisure be a wonderful opportunity . day . interior . dressing room . mrs . honeychurch , on she knee , be energetically swabbing lucy 's dress . lucy that 's enough , mother . please , it 's all right ... ( more high - pitch ) leave it , mother ! mrs . honeychurch sit back on she heel and look up at lucy as if ask what be the matter . 58 lucy '' why do you say all that about the miss alan . they be charming and kind , and you will like they . mrs . honeychurch if you do , I be sure I shall . and also of course the lady novelist and the freethink father - very well , dear , I will be serious . write to the miss alan , offer they Sir Harry 's villa - lucy ( interrupt she with what be really on she mind ) you do approve of cecil , do not you , mother ? I mean , you like he ? mrs . honeychurch ( get up ) I tell you , dear : everyone that you like , that you love ... lucy still look dubious : it 's not as affirmative a answer as she would hope for . 53 . day . interior . mrs . butterworth drawing room . cecil be still hold forth to a increasingly embarrassed company . it be as if he be carry away on wing of he own boredom and arrogance and can not stop himself : cecil «.eI be shockingly stupid over local affair . it be very remiss of I - but I only go into the country to see my friend and enjoy the scenery . Italy and London be the place where I feel I truly belong - to he relief ~ to everyone 's relief - lucy and mrs . honeychurch return - cecil ( jump up ) Mrs. honeychurch , what if Lucy and I walk home and leave you ? no one think this rude but everyone smile with pleasure at the impatience of a lover . ( " Young people , young people . " ) 54 . 59 mrs . honeychurch by all mean , leave I to my tea and gossip and this delicious scone = the older people seem as relieved to get rid of the young as this be to leave . lucy go through the form of thanking and good-by - cecil hardly have the patience . day . exterior . summer STREET . summer Street be a pretty little village arrange around a meadow . there be attractive cottage , a few older substantial house from the eighteenth century , and mr . beebee 's church , which look new and expensively simple . but the charming scene be marre by two ugly little villas , speculator build , raw and out of place . this little house have name on they - one be call " Albert " and the other be " cissie . " the first be inhabit and have lace curtain in its front window and a well - tend handkerchief - size lawn . the second be empty ahd have three " '' to - let " sign in front of it . as soon as they be outside - cecil how perfectly appall ; disastrous . lucy I be so sorry . cecil it 's so disgusting , the way a engagement be regard as public property ! lucy one have to go through it , I suppose . they will not notice we so very much next time . but she have nothing more to offer on the subject . they walk along and come to the church , the rectory , and Sir Harry 's villa . mr . beebee be see lean over the gate of the rectory , smoking a peaceful pipe . cecil there 's you philosophising parson . 60 lucy do not you like Mr. beebee either ? he begin to protest - but instead of listen to he , lucy approach mr. beebee . lucy oh , Mr. beebee , I have have such a wonderful idea : I be go to write to we miss alan - miss Teresa and miss Catherine - and ask they to take Sir Harry 's villa . cecil ( look at villa ) be that it ? mr . beebee Rather horrible , be not it ?... but I be sure the miss alan have read they ruskin and will like it . cecil in my opinion , Sir Harry deserve a tenant as vulgar as he villa . lucy oh , cecil ! really , he 's very nice . cecil I can not help it . it would be wrong not to loathe that man . gentlewoman ! ugh ! lucy be in a hurry to draw cecil away . lucy ( to mr. beebee ) I '11 write to they , and if you would also send a word - mr . beebee hardly have time to agree before they be out of earshot . lucy goodness , how cross you be . cecil it be that miserable tea-party . and all that dreadful people . and not be alone with you . 55 . 61 they have now reach the wood surround the village . lucy stop by a diverge footpath : lucy which way shall we go ?... perhaps the road be more sensible , as we be get up smart . it 's true . they be . a pause . cecil «» - do you know , Lucy , that since we be engage , you have never once be with I in the field or the wood ? lucy have not I ? the wood , then . she lead the way into the wood . day . exterior . woop . lucy love be here so much that she forget she be not alone . she make she way , sprightly as a wood numph - while cecil have difficulty keep up with she . when she have disappear from he sight , he call to she . while wait for she , he sit on a tree-stump , thereby make it look like a draw room chair . when she come back for he - cecil ... I have a strange feel that you feel more at home with I in a room ... never in the real country like this . lucy oh , cecil , whatever do you mean ? you talk as if I be a poetess sort of person ... ( look at he perch there , she suddenly burst out laugh ) how funny ! do you know that you be right ? when I think of you , it 's always in a room . laugh , she walk on , swift and sure . he straggle behind she , not look pleased . she have come to a little clear among the pine . there be a shallow pool . 62 she stand look at it with pleasure . it take he some time to catch up with she . when he join she - lucy this be the Sacred Lake ... cecil it 's more a puddle than a lake . lucy yes but after heavy rain it fill up and become quite large and beautiful ... freddy love to bathe here . he 's very fond of the Sacred Lake . ceil and you ? Lucy ( dreamily ) ... I bath here too till I be find out . then there be a row . he look at she smile dreamily by the pool 's edge . Forster write that " ... she remind he of some brilliant flower that have no leave of its own , but bloom abruptly out of a world of green ... " cecil «-elucy ! lucy yes , I suppose we ought to be go . but instead he move up closer to she . cecil Lucy , I want to ask something of you that I have never ask before . Lucy ( look up at he frankly and kindly ) what , cecil ? ( a pause ) yes ? cecil ( visibly overcome he embar - rassment and look around to see if they be observe ) up to now I have never kiss you . 56 . 63 lucy ( stammer in embarrassment not at the request but at he clumsiness ) no - you have not . cecil May I now ? lucy of course you may , cecil . you might before . I can not run at you , you know . she give a business - like lift to she veil and dutifully raise she face . after some hesitation , he bring he own down to it - but at the crucial moment he gold pincenez become dislodge and be flatten between they . it be a very unsatisfactory moment for both of they . they walk away from the Sacred Lake in embarrassed silence . it be she who finally speak : lucy you know , mother be right ... that people Charlotte and I meet at the pension - cecil what people at what pension ? lucy the pension bertolini in Florence . they be - all of they - rather extraordinary . cecil ( stiffly ) I do not follow the sequence of you thought . lucy they have no sequence . they never do . day . exterior . road . now they have reach the road again - and appear once again a decorous engage couple get up smart and walk home from a tea party . 57 . 58 . 60 . 64 title card : in mrs . vyse's well -appointed flat night . exterior . london residential STREET with some cab and motorcar , there be still light in the sky , but the electric and / or gas light have be turn on in street and house . it be a solid , upper middle - class neighborhood somewhere in kensington of expensive mansion flat . they tall brick facade loom . night . interior . london drawing room of the vyse 's. lucy be play the piano for a party of the vyse 's friend , mostly smart - look young people . she play magnificently , though not Beethoven . the music throbs , affect the audience . cecil listen with proprietory pleasure . mrs . vyse , a worldly hostess , be pleased to see she party and future daughter - in - law such a success . night . interior . corridor of vyse appartment . cecil and lucy be say goodnight outside she door . she creep into he arm . lucy cecil - cecil darling . cecil ( very affectionate and deomon - strative for he ) so you do love I , little thing ? lucy oh , cecil , I do not know what I should do without you . night . interior . london drawing room of the vyse 's. cecil come back from see lucy to bed to he mother . mrs . vyse be pace up and down like a general in he War room . she turn to cecil as he enter and say dramatically : mrs . vyse make Lucy one of we . Lucy be become wonderful - wonderful ! cecil her music always be wonderful . mrs . vyse yes , but she be purging off the honeychurch taint - most excellent , honeychurch , but you know what ( more ) 61 . 65 mrs . vyse ( contd ) I mean - she 's not always quote servant or ask one how the pudding be make . cecil , mind you marry she next January ! cecil her music ! the style of she ! how she keep to schubert when , like a idiot , I want Beethoven . schubert be right for this evening . do you know , mother , I shall have we child educate just like Lucy . bring they up among honest country folk for freshness , send they to Italy for subtlety , and then - not till then - bring they to London . mrs . vyse make she one of we ! night . interior . lucy bedroom at the vyse be . 62 . lucy be asleep in bed . she be have a dream . Lucy 's dream : day . exterior . tuscan landscape . 63 . 64 . she see the italian coachman , he be lead she down the hillside . he part a hedge . she see a sea of violet and a figure on a precipice . night . interior , mrs . vyse's bedroom and corridor . mrs . vyse , lie in bed , hear a cry . she get up . put on a dress gown , she go swiftly to Lucy 's room - she open the door . night , interior . lucy bedroom . lucy be sit up in bed , with she hand to she cheek . lucy I be so sorry , Mrs. vyse . it 's this dream . mrs . vyse bad dream ? 65 . 66 lucy just dream . mrs . vyse ( smile and kissing she ) you should have hear we talk about you , dear . he admire you more than ever . dream of that . lucy return the kiss , still hold she hand to she cheek and mrs . vyse withdraw . title card : cecil as a humorist day . exterior . tennis lawn at windy corner . a rowdy , rumbustious game of bumble - puppy be in progress : consist of strike tennis ball high into the air , so that they fall over the net and bounce very hard . it be be play by lucy and minnie , mr . beebee 's 13 - year- old niece , with freddy act alternately as referee and co-player . two stout , middle - age figure - mr. beebee and mrs . honeychurch - sit watch placidly . sometimes a ball bounce among they , even hit they . mrs . honeychurch protest , but in vain . she be also keep score and comment on the game absent-mindedly . mrs . honeychurch I hate that game - it turn perfectly nice child into savage . here , minnie ... ( toss ball to she ) mr , beebee it 's good of you to let minnie come and be a savage at windy corner : life in the rectory be too staid for my niece . I be try to get Lucy 's attention for this letter - from the miss alan - mrs . honeychurch that tiresome miss alan ! I hate they " if " - ing and " but " - ing - mr . beebee but they really be come now . miss Teresa enquire how often the butcher call , and my reply must have impressed she favourably - Lucy ! ( wave letter ) they really be come ! fad 67 lucy who be ?... no , minnie ! not that ball ! that do not count ! freddy _ that ball 's all right for bumble - puppy ! minnie , do not listen to she ! lucy it do not bounce ! freddy it bounce enough - that 's right , minnie , go for she - get she over the shin with the racket - get she over the shin ! freddy possess to a high degree the power to lash little girl to fury . minnie howl , lucy shriek and fall down , the ball roll away , freddy grab it , etc . mr . beebee and mrs . honeychurch cry out in protest - but the player be get all entangle now , grab ball and fall over each other . while they be lie tangle up in the grass , mr . beebee stand above they with the letter . mr , beebee if the miss alan be to witness this , they might have second thought again . . freddy who be the miss alan ? mr. beebee Sir Harry 's new tenant for he villa . freddy that be not the name . they all fall on the grass . freddy 's head be now in lucy 's lap . lucy be not whose name ? freddy Sir Harry 's new tenant . I meet he this morning and he say , ( more ) 68 freddy ( contd ) " ahem ! honeychurch , ahem ! I have at last procure really dee-sire-rebel tenant . " I say , " hooray , old boy ! " and slap he on the back . Lucy exactly . the miss alan . freddy Rather not . more like Anderson . mrs . honeychurch oh good gracious , I know there would be another muddle ! I be always right . Lucy , I be quite uneasy at be always right . lucy it 's only another muddle of freddy 's who do not even know the name of the other people . freddy yes I do . I have get it . emerson . lucy ( quietly ) what a weathercock Sir Harry be . I wish I would never bother over it at all . then she turn and lie on she back and look up at the cloudless sky . mr . beebee notice lucy 's change of mood . she hear the voice of the other as from a long way away : mrs . honeychurch emerson ?... I trust they be the right sort of person . yes , freddy , there be a right sort and a wrong sort , and it 's affectation to pretend there be not . freddy well , this must be the " right sort " because they be friend of cecil 's . lucy ( sit up on the grass with a jolt ) cecil ! appeal she go , 69 freddy ( with elaborate irony ) so , you and the other county family will be able to call in perfect safety . Lucy cecil ! mrs . honeychurch Lucy , do not screech . it 's a new bad habit you be get into . lucy ( get up from the grass ) ... emerson 's a common enough name ... mrs . beebee ( try to help she regain she composure ) yes , we have some emerson at Florence , do you remember ? oh , . Mrs. honeychurch , the oddest people , this emerson ! the queerest people - for we part we like they , do not we ? - to lucy who be on she way to the house . freddy ( catch hold of lucy 's ankle ) " , .. ss0 really dee-sire-rebel . ahem ! honeychurch , I have just telegraphed to they ... " Lucy ( gravely ) do not be silly , freddy . you always overdo it when you play . slowly and alone , toward the house . she might still hear mr . beebee' voice tell mrs . honeychurch about the emerson , describe the roomful of violet . cecil be lean out of the smoking - room window . he 's in great spirit . cecil do not move ! stay right there ! yes , a Leonardo ... do you know you be a Leonardo ? smiling at thing beyond we ken ... but lucy refuse to be a Leonardo and go on walk toward he . 70 lucy — cecil , what 's this about Sir Harry 's tenant ? cecil ( very pleased with himself ) yes , ' I , even I , have find he tenant for he " cissie villa . " do not be angry ! you will forgive I when you hear it all . I have win a great victory for the comic muse ! do not be angry . she be now by the window . he take she hand . again - spuriously - they look like traditional lover in traditional romantic pose . 1 lucy oh , cecil - after all that trouble I take over the miss alan . well of course I would rather have nice friend of yours , so I suppose I must forgive you . cecil ( laugh heartily ) Friends of ~ mine ! Lucy , the whole joke be to come ! they be absolute stranger I . whom I happen to meet in the National Gallery . lucy ( nervously ) what a odd place to meet people . cecil in the umbrian room . absolute stranger . they be admire Luca signorelli -- of course quite stupidly . however , we get talk . they amused I not a little . they have be to Italy - a father ana son - the oddest couple - horror and consternation be grow in lucy . she drop he hand and step back from he as he proceed hilariously . we see a Silent flashback contain within a circular frame at the side of the master scene . 71 flashback . day . national gallery . london . cecil , GEORGE emerson , and mr . emerson be seat together on a round velvet seat in one of the italian room at the National Gallery . they be have a conversation which we do not hear , but which cecil in Voice over be describe . cecil «.. in the course of conversation they say they want a country cottage , and do I know of one - a " simple burrow " they could call they own , where they could smell the earth - we see mr , emerson beseech cecil with he hand join as in prayer . cecil - as a matter of fact , I say , I do . not exactly a cottage , more a " villa " with some rather original architectural feature . it be in Surrey : a place call summer Street . in the flashback mr . emerson shout : " summer Street ! I have dream of summer Street ! " cecil - I think , '' what a chance of scoring off Sir Harry ! " I take they address - it be great sport ... we see this . flashback end . lucy go into the house abruptly , but not into the smoking room . 66 . day . interior . passage and stair . cecil have come to the smoking room door and see lucy ascend the stair . cecil .-e it will teach that snob , Sir Harry , a lesson ... no , Lucy , the class ought to mix . there ought to be intermarriage - all sort of thing . I believe in democracy . 72 lucy ( snap ) no you do not ... you do not know what the word mean . cecil be amaze . lucy it be not fair , cecil . I have probably meet they before - cecil perfectly fair if it punish a snob - lucy ( cut he attempt to justify himself short ) cecil , I blame you ~ I blame you very much indeed . you have no business to undo my work about the miss alan , and make I look ridiculous . you call it scoring off Sir Harry , but do you realize that it 's all at my expense ? I consider it most disloyal of you . she leave he . cecil ( look after she with raise eyebrow ) temper , Lucy . temper , please . but lucy go up the stair - into she bedroom - close the door . title card : the sacred lake 67 . day . exterior . " cissie " villa , now the emerson 's. a beautiful sunny day . mr. beebee , with freddy behind he , unlatch the gate of " cissie villa " and go up to the open front door . behind the two man summer Street can be see , and some automobile pass with people in duster , out for a drive on a glorious day . mr . beebee hallo ! GEORGE be carry a large frame photograph of rafael 's " School of athen " up the stair . 73 GEORGE ~ hallo ! mr . beebee I have bring someone to see you . george' voice I will be down in a minute . the front hall be block by a wardrobe and other belonging . the sit room be full of book in box and in pile stack up . freddy ( whisper ) be this people great reader ? 1 mr. beebee I fancy they know how to read - a rare accomplishment . what have they get ? Byron . exactly . a shropshire lad . never hear of it . the Way of all flesh . never hear of it . hullo ! dear 1 George read german . um - um - schopenhauer , nietzsche , and so ns we go on . someone have paint on the wardrobe in a amateur hand " mistrust all enterprise that require new clothes . " freddy point this out to mr . beebee . mr . beebee I like that . I be certain that 's the old man 's do . what on earth be that people do upstairs ? emerson - we think we will come another time . GEORGE now come clatter down the stair . he push they , silently and unceremoniously , into the sit room . mr . beebee let I introduce Mr. honeychurch , a neighbor . freddy ( to GEORGE ) how d'ye do ? come and have a bathe . GEORGE ~~ ( impassive as usual ) oh all right . 68 . 74 mr . beebee ( much amused ) that 's the best conversational open I have ever hear . '' how d'ye do ? come and have a bathe . " mr . emerson come down the stair . mr . beebee let I introduce Mr. honeychurch , whose sister you will remember at Florence . mr . emerson how do you do ? very glad to see you . very glad to hear that you sister be go to marry . I be sure she will be happy . we know Mr. vyse , too . he 's be most kind - yes , go and bathe , George . the change will do you good . then come back for tea . ( call out after they ) bring back some milk , cake , honey . freddy do you really want this bathe ? GEORGE yes - I have say " yes " already . mr . beebee lead they out of the house . mr. emerson dispense smile and wave , shout " your be glorious country , honeychurch ! " day . exterior . pine wood . the two young men be silent , but mr . beebee chatter away . mr . beebee when I be a young man I always mean to write a " History of coincidence . " no response . mr. beebee though , as a matter of fact , coincidence be much rarer than we suppose ... nothing from either . 75 mr . beebee for example , it be not pure coincidentality that you be here now , when one come to reflect . more silent walk . mr. beebee be about to give up when GEORGE finally speak . GEORGE I have reflect . it 's fate . everything be fate . mr . beebee you have not reflect at all , emerson . let I give youa useful tip : attribute nothing to fate . now I will cross -examine you . where do you first meet Mr. vyse who be go to marry miss honeychurch ? GEORGE National Gallery . mr , beebee look at italian art . there you be , and yet you talk of coincidence and fate ! you naturally seek out thing italian , and so do we and we friend . this narrow the field immeasurably . GEORGE it 's fate that I be here , but call it Italy if it make you happy . freddy here we be . mr. beebee ( mop he brow ) oh , good ! 69 . day . exterior . '' the sacred lake " - a SMALL pond in jood '' they make they way down a slippery bank of pine needle to the little pond that lie in a sort of lap of green . because of the rain the water have flood the surround grass , make it look like a emerald path . they go up to the edge of the pond and look at it a moment . 76 freddy ( start to strip ) I wish it be bigger . mr . beebee it 's distinctly successful as pond go . no apology be necessary for the pond . GEORGE sit down where the bank be dry and start to unlace he boot . mr . beebee continue he chatter as the other strip . mr . beebee what 's the name of this aromatic plant ? no answer . mr .. beebee I love willow - herb in seed - this abrupt change of vege - tation : water plant , heather , bracken , hurt , pine - very charming . freddy prance in , freddy Mr. beebee , be not you bathing ? GEORGE be stripping without much enthusiasm , revealing a fine , compact physique . when he be naked , he stand on the bank of the pool in a michelangelesque pose , weight on one foot , hand care - lessly on hip , chin down . GEORGE be it worth it ? freddy ( puffing up and down ) Water 's wonderful . Water 's simply rip . do hurry up , emerson . come along , Mr. beebee ! mr . beebee , laughingly disclaim any intention of join they , nevertheless begin to divest himself of he clerical clothes . as GEORGE stand hesitate , the bank break away and - much to freddy 's delight - he be plunge in . 77 GEORGE ( reappearing , sputtering at the sun ) Water 's not bad . freddy Water 's wonderful . Mr. beebee , do ! mr . beebee look around cautiously , as if expect parishioner to appear from behind the bush . mr . beebee I may as well wash too , why not . the remainder of he clothes be flung off very fast . there be now three neat little pile of clothes . mr. beebee approach the pool , freddy pull he in . all three rotate in the pool breast-high , like the nymph in goetterdaemerung . . freddy it 's like swim in a salad . ugh , I have swallow a frog . mr . beebee olaugh at he ) hee -hee , freddy 's swallow a pollywog ! freddy splashes he . mr. beebee playfully splashes he back . after splash each other , they turn and splash GEORGE - timidly , as if unsure of he reaction . after a moment 's delay GEORGE 's reaction be stupendous . he smile , fling himself at they , splashes they , duck they , kick they , muddy they , and drive they out of the pond . freddy Race you round it ! they race around the pond in the sunshine . GEORGE take a shortcut and go through the pond . then mr. beebee consent to race . they rush into the water to cool off , then out to play football . freddy snatch up GEORGE 's bundle and place it beside a imaginary goalpost . 78 freddy atry ! a try ! GEORGE ( scatter freddy 's bundle with a kick ) soccer rule ! freddy goal ! GEORGE goal ! freddy pass ! mr . beebee take care my watch ! clothes be fly in all direction . mr . beebee ( cry in unheeded protest ) take care my hat ! no , that 's enough , freddy . dress , now ! no , I say ! the two young men be deliriously run around , freddy with a clerical waistcoat under he arm , GEORGE with a wide - awake hat on he drip hair . mr . beebee that will do ! hil steady on ! I see people come , you fellow ! he be still disregarded . they continue to yell and scrimmage . : mr . beebee hi! lady ! his warning be too late - the lady be upon they before they can hide . it be mrs . honeychurch and lucy , escort by cecil . freddy , drop the waistcoat at they foot , dive for shelter into some bracken . mr . beebee dive back into the pond . GEORGE , after whooping into they face , disappear down a path , still clad only in mr . beebee 's hat . 79 mrs . honeychurch gracious alive ! who ever be that unfortunate people ? oh , dear , look away ! and poor Mr. beebee , too ! cecil come this way , immediately . lucy have swiftly place she parasol between herself and the immodest sight . cecil ( masterfully ) this way , Mrs. honeychurch , this way . but that way freddy be hide , and as they approach , he head and naked shoulder emerge . freddy look out ! you be tread on I . . mrs . honeychurch so it 's you , dear . why not have a comfortable bath at home , with hot and cold laid on - freddy look here , mother - mrs . honeychurch you be in no position to argue , freddy . come , Lucy . as they turn to go - mrs . honeychurch oh look - no , do not look - oh , poor Mr. beebee ! for they have catch mr . beebee in the act of crawl out of the pond . he hastily crawl back again and swim there unhappily , surround by float garment of a intimate nature . GEORGE , now clad in a pair of ill-fitting trousers , step boldly in front of they from behind a bush . freddy emerson , you beast , you have get my bag on ! 70 . 80 mrs . honeychurch hush , dear ! be sure you dry yourselves thoroughly first . all this cold - Lucy ( simultaneously ) oh , mother , do come away ! for goodness sake , do come ! GEORGE hallo ! this be shout with such bold self - confidence that they be stop in they track . GEORGE hallo , miss honeychurch ! hallo ! mrs . honeychurch ( urgently whisper ) bow , Lucy ; better bow . who ever be it ? I shall bow . she do so . lucy - immaculately dress in white , hold a parasol - also bow : she be stiff , tight - lipped , vacant - eye . so be cecil . but GEORGE , hardly dress at all , barefoot , barechest , be as utterly at ease as if he own the wood , the lake , the sky , and everything else the eye can see . he be radiant . title card : how miss bartlett boiler be so tiresome day . interior . drawing room . freddy be tinkling at the piano , play " chopstick " with two finger . cecil look pain at the noise he be make . lucy hardly hear it , but aware of cecil 's displeasure , come out with a occasional " must you , freddy " or " do stop it . " mrs . honeychurch , read a letter , shake she head over it and give a occasional " poor Charlotte . oh , poor , poor Charlotte . " Lucy ( to cecil ) this be the standard reaction to any letter from we cousin Charlotte - 81 . lucy and freddy ( in unison ) " poor , poor Charlotte . " mrs . honeychurch how unkind you be ... but it really be serious : she boiler be to be have out and she bath cistern clean , and all kind of terrible to-doing ... I think it would be very nice if we ask she to stay - and give she a nice holiday while the plumber at tunbridge Wells finish . cecil lay he hand over he eye . a pause - piano . lucy mother , no ! we be squeeze to death as it be with freddy 's friend come and minnie beebee - mrs . honeychurch minnie can sleep with you . lucy I will not have she . cecil most decidedly you will not . lucy freddy , must you . with only freddy play chopstick on the mrs . honeychurch ( fold away letter ) the truth be , dear , you do not like Charlotte . Lucy she get on my nerve , and the one time cecil meet she she drive he quite frantic . so please , mother , do not worry we this last summer , but spoil we by not ask she to come . cecil . hear , hear ! we vote no miss bartlett . 82 mrs . honeychurch this be not very kind of you two . you have each other and poor Charlotte have only the water turn off and plumber . cecil again : poor Charlotte . freddy suddenly launch into a comic song : freddy " Strike the concertina 's melancholy string ! blow the spirit-stirring harp like anything ! " it be not very comic , but it override the dispute . mrs . honeychurch enjoy it , and so would lucy - if it be not for cecil who get up and ostentatiously stroll out . freddy " let the piano 's martial blast Rouse the echoe of the past ! " cecil can be see stand aesthetically under a tree in the garden , look like one of that elizabethan miniature of a very refine youth enjoy a highly stylise nature . freddy " they play then a sonata - let I see ! medulla oblongata - key of G . " lucy join cecil outside - so that when freddy look round at he audience , only mrs . honeychurch be leave . freddy what 's the matter ? be not it good ? mrs . honeychurch ( abstract ) it 's lovely , dear . freddy " then they begin to sing _ that extremely lovely thing , " scherzando ! mar non troppo , ppp . 71 . 83 day . interior . mrs . honeychurch bedroom . mrs . honeychurch be change she frock for dinner . she pull it over she head and when she emerge she face be flushed . mrs . honeychurch Lucy , be anything the matter with cecil ? ( head Lucy inside cecil 's all right . perhaps he 's dress ) a little tired . mrs . honeychurch ( ominous tone ) because otherwise - ( with gather displeasure ) because otherwise I can not account for he . silence . she go on dress . lucy look unhappy . mrs . honeychurch since cecil come back from London , nothing and no one appear to please he . whenever I speak he wince - I see he , Lucy ; it 's useless to contradict I . no doubt I be neither artistic nor literary nor intellectual but I can not help the draw room furniture ... lucy ( much embarrassed ) ... cecil do not mean to be uncivil - he once explain - it be ugly thing that upset he - he be not uncivil to people . mrs . honeychurch be it a thing or a person when freddy sing ? Lucy ( falter ) you can not expect a really musical person to enjoy comic song as we do . mrs . honeychurch why must he sneer and spoil everyone 's pleasure ?... go and dress , dear . lucy all right , mother . 72 . 73. 84 mrs . honeychurch do not say " all right " and stop . go. lucy go out . day . interior . landing and passage . lucy stop still by the landing window . she be depressed . freddy come bound up the stair . freddy I say , be anything on Sunday week ?... if not , I want to ask the emerson up for tennis . lucy oh , I would not do that , freddy - I really would not - freddy ( clutching she elbow and dance up and down the passage with she ) they be topping people - they be rip - the emerson be spiffing - lucy be very irritate with he - so be cecil come up to change - so be the maid carry up hot water can . mrs . honeychurch ( appear in she doorway ) what a noise you be make . she see the expression on lucy 's face . mrs . honeychurch let Lucy go , freddy . freddy also now look into lucy 's face - and let she go at once . there be a great unspoken understanding between this three honeychurch . mrs . honeychurch stand aside , invite lucy into she bedroom again . day . interior . mrs . honeychurch bedroom . mrs . honeychurch hook I behind , old lady . lucy do so . lucy '' need we have Charlotte ? 85 mrs . honeychurch we need not . lucy and now freddy want to ask the emerson , mrs . honeychurch he need not . Lucy «.. and you be not pleased with cecil . mrs . honeychurch kiss I , dear . lucy do so . lucy «+. well of course , if you feel Charlotte should come ... with she boiler and everything ... ( half - heartedly ) she 's be so kind to I ... mrs . honeychurch kiss I again . lucy do so and then return to fasten she mother 's hook or whatever need do by this time . title card : how lucy face the external situation bravely 74 . day . exterior . landscape passing see through train window . the country around summer Street , look lush and beautiful . but it 's not even notice by charlotte in the second - class carriage . she be in a agony of suspense . she look at she ticket stub , at a timetable in she bag , at the other passengers , whom she would like to ask for advice - and begin to , raise she glove hand , but then falter ; they be not the right sort to ask , be two travelling men and she a lone female ... she with - draw she hand , rummages again with the timetable , etc. , stand up , open the window , but just then the train enter a tunnel and smoke and cinder blow into the carriage . the travelling men cough . charlotte can not get the window shut . one of they get up to help she . she can not thank he enough or apologize enough ... 86 75 . day . exterior . windy corner . mrs . honeychurch be descend from the carriage , look put out . lucy come to meet she - lucy where 's Charlotte ? mrs . honeychurch Charlotte no doubt get off at the wrong station . trust Charlotte . 76 . day . exterior . railway station . charlotte be peer around anxiously and make anxious enquiry . a porter explain to she that this be not the South - Eastern station at dork but the London and Brighton station - charlotte ( very flustered ) I think it be dork ... how very vex ... I suppose I have better take a cab - and you have better take my - in she flurry state , she do not see where she be go - and bump into a man wheeling a bicycle out of the station - her apology give way to astonish - ment when she discover this man to be GEORGE . charlotte Mr. emerson ! he greet she in he own inimitably impassive way . charlotte .-. be you on the train ? I have no idea - GEORGE my father life here . I come weekend . consider this both sufficient explanation and conver - sation , he get on he bicycle and ride off . charlotte get into the cab , pay the porter , be drive off . 77 . day . exterior . in_a carriage . charlotte be now deeply disturb . she be too much in she thought to notice the beautiful scenery through which she be be drive . what make it worse for she be that every time she carriage round a corner she see - GEORGE on he bicycle . 78 . 80 . 81 . 87 day . exterior . summer STREET . unlike Charlotte , GEORGE be enjoy the scenery very much . he have he hand in he pocket like a trick cyclist and be whistling happily . pass a overhange branch , he rise in the saddle to pluck at it . day . exterior . emerson villa . charlotte Pov - mr. emerson and GEORGE affectionately greeting each other . day . exterior , windy corner . lucy , look out for charlotte , come out to meet she , as charlotte descend from the carriage and before kissing lucy - charlotte I have no idea ... I meet he at the station ... my poor Lucia . they kiss , both shutting they eye , for different reason . day . exterior . garden . mrs . honeychurch , freddy , mr. ffloyd ( freddy 's friend ) , cecil , and minnie beebee be at tea . charlotte come up to they in a great flurry , break up the party - charlotte ( breathlessly ) it be the stupidest blunder and you will never forgive I . I have upset everything . mrs . honeychurch we forgive you . freddy , pay the cab . freddy go . charlotte oh , but I absolutely insist - I must - I - how do you do , Mr. vyse . mrs . honeychurch and this be Mr. ffloyd , freddy 's friend - 88 charlotte how do you do , Mr. ffloyd . 1 insist on pay for my cab - mrs . honeychurch and minnie , Mr. beebee 's niece . charlotte how do you do , minnie . grant I that , at any rate , after all my - freddy have return . charlotte how much be it , freddy ? I insist - absolutely - freddy if you would really rather - five shilling , and I give a bob to the driver . another contretemp ~- charlotte have no change , only a sovereign , freddy and mr . ffloyd dig out half - crown . charlotte «-- we all have we little foible , and mine be the prompt settling of account ... but who be I to give the sovereign to ? freddy and mr . ffloyd offer to toss for the sovereign . charlotte please - please - I know I 'ma sad spoil - sport , but it would make I wretch . I should practically be robbing the one who lose . mrs . honeychurch turn she eye up to heaven . cecil ( amusing himself ) freddy owe I 15 shilling . so it will work out all right if you give the pound to I . charlotte ( bewilder , but hand it over ) most kind of you , Mr. vyse . minnie ( protest ) why be Mr. vyse take the quid ? 82 . 83. 89 mr. ffloyd and freddy try to stifle she with cake . minnie what about Mr. ffloyd 's ten shilling ? she shriek as freddy poke she . lucy ( get up with decision ) cecil , give I that sovereign . no , give it to I ! I will get Mary to change it and we will start from the beginning . she start off across the lawn , charlotte ( follow she , wail ) Lucy - Lucy - what a nuisance I be ! as soon as they be out of earshot - charlotte ( quite briskly ) have you tell he about he yet ? lucy no , I have not . she go into the house , charlotte follow . day . interior . passage . charlotte go into the draw room . lucy call down the basement stair to the maid ask for change - maid come up with it . lucy linger over this , not want to join charlotte till she have sufficiently collect herself and have make up she mind what to say . when she have do so , she go into the draw room , day . interior . drawing room . charlotte be gaze at a italian picture hang up there ( it be the same one with which we see GEORGE struggle on the stair , rafael 's " School of athen " ) . lucy no , I have not tell cecil or anyone . I promise you I should not . here be you money - all shilling , except two half - crown . would you count it ? you can settle you debt nicely now . 90 charlotte ( murmure , look at italian picture ) how dreadful - how more than dreadful if Mr. vyse should come to hear of it from some other source . lucy there be no other source . charlotte he would have tell he father . lucy he. would not . he would not have tell anyone . charlotte how do you know ? lucy because I know . shall we go out ? they will smash all the china if we do not . through the window she can see freddy and mr . ffloyd scalping minnie with tea spoon . minnie 's scream can also be hear . charlotte dear , one moment ~ we may not have this chance for a chat again . have you speak to he yet ? lucy «+ I have see he . charlotte what happen ? Lucy ( take up a position too firm and common-sensical to be con - vincing ) you simply must stop think that he admire I or any nonsense of that sort . he do not , not one straw . link she arm into charlotte 's , she draw she outside . as they go - 84 . 85 . 91 lucy suppose we do not talk about this silly italian business any more . we want you to have a nice restful visit at windy corner with no worrite . day . exterior . garden . lucy leave charlotte and run to the rescue of minnie . charlotte follow soberly , she dark - clad figure express forebode . day . exterior . ___garden of windy corner . Sunday morning . another perfect day . the scene begin with a travel shot towards a book , which lie on the gravel path . it have a red cover and from its size might be a novel . as the camera be move towards this book , which lie open and face down , as if forget , we hear female voice come from the house , make church - go preparation : voice the man say they will not go ... well , I do not blame they ... minnie say , need she go ?... tell she , no nonsense ... Mary ! hook I behind !... dearest Lucia , may I trespass upon you for a pin ?... the camera have move to a close - up of the book . its title be under a loggia . lucy , wear a vivid pink dress , come out of the draw room window and look at the view . she do not look happy . in fact she be frown , look as if she be hold back tear . voice of mrs . honeychurch Lucy ! Lucy ! what 's that book ? lucy look up at she mother stand in a upstairs window . 92 mrs . honeychurch who 's be take a book out of the shelf and leave it to spoil ? lucy it 's only a library book that cecil 's be read . mrs . honeychurch but pick it up , and do not stand idling there like a flamingo . have you a sixpence for minnie and a shilling for yourself ? 86 . day . exterior . front step of windy corner . the lady pop out one at a time , all dress up for church , mrs . honeychurch have work herself into a Sunday fluster . she count out money . mrs , honeychurch it 's a special collection - I forget what for - I do beg , no vulgar clinking in the plate with halfpenny . see that minnie have a nice bright sixpence . where be the child ? here come the horse - ( etc . ) the carriage pull up and lucy and mrs . honeychurch go towards it . charlotte appear , smartly dress . charlotte dear marian , I be so very sorry - but I have no small change - could you - mrs . honeychurch yes , easily . jump in . gracious I , how smart you look . what a lovely frock ! minnie run down the step and climb in and the carriage pull away with spirit . cecil appear at the door and call out , " Goodbye ! be good ! " the tone be sneering . lucy bite she lip . 87 . day . exterior , tennis lawn - windy corner . freddy and GEORGE be play against lucy and mr. ffloyd . 93 the game be very active . lucy , who have change she dress , be entirely different from the morning . she be have fun ; she seem free , relaxed , unimpeded , carefree in a mood we have not see before . GEORGE be very determine to win - he make lucy run up and down - she do she best but keep miss ball . this delight he no end and , crow with triumph , he shout out the score . if there be a impediment to the general fun , it be cecil , who be odd man out . he make a nuisance of himself and try to draw attention away from the other . this he do by walk up and down lucy 's side of the court , read aloud from the forget red book . the book be so bad he be oblige to read it to the other . ( " I say , listen to this , Lucy - three split infinitive , " etc . ) GEORGE win the set ~ but he have knock so many ball into the bush that freddy and mr . ffloyd have to dive in search of they . cecil there 's a murder scene , too - do listen . lucy what fun , cecil . read away . she seat herself near he . GEORGE jump over the net . cecil ( get ready to read ) the scene be laid in Florence - GEORGE sit down at lucy 's foot . cecil " sunset - the sunset of Italy . " GEORGE ( look up at lucy ) do you mind lose ? Lucy ( merrily ) yes . of course I do ... I do not see you be such a splendid player , though . the light be behind you , and it be in my eye . GEORGE I never say I be . 94 cecil ( read louder , not like any interruption ) " under , orcagna 's loggia - the loggia de ' lanzi , as we sometimes call it now - " lucy what 's the title ? cecil ( read from spine ) under the loggia by Eleanor lavish . lucy ( burst into laughter ) Eleanor lavish ! oh my goodness ! Mr. emerson , you remember miss lavish ? GEORGE of course I do . lucy no wonder the novel 's bad . but I suppose one ought to read it as one 's meet she . his dark head be very near she lap . she stare down at it . we feel she impulse could be to suddenly stroke it . cecil there 's a absurd account of a view which I will spare you - lucy no , do read it ... how do you like we view , Mr. emerson ? GEORGE my father say there 's only one perfect view - he look up into she face - she wait , interested . GEORGE - the view of the sky straight over we head , and that all this view on earth be bungle copy of it . cecil ( shutting the book with a snap ) I expect you father have be read Dante . he get up , ready to stalk off . 95 lucy --. cecil , do read the description of the view . cecil not while Mr. emerson be here to entertain we . lucy no - read away . nothing 's funnier than to hear silly thing read out loud . if Mr. emerson think we be frivolous , he can go help look for tennis ball . cecil be pleased with this reply and sit down again , mollify . lucy Mr. emerson , go and find tennis ball . GEORGE must I ? lucy no , of course not . cecil ( yawn , hand the book to Lucy ) it 's in chapter 2 - just find I chapter 2 . lucy leaf through the book to find the chapter . she read something which freeze she . her eye be stretch wide . cecil here - give it to I . lucy ( hold the book away from he ) oh it 's too silly - who would want to read such rubbish - cecil reach over and take the book from she and read : cecil " afar off the tower of Florence , while the bank on which she sit be carpete with violet . all unobserve , he steal up behind she " - be not it immortal ? - " there come from he lip no wordy protestation such as formal lover use ... " he look up from the book to have she share he 96 smile - afraid of what he might see in she eye , she turn they from he - and look straight into GEORGE 's , unblinkingly raise to hers - cecil " no eloquence be he , nor do he suffer from the lack of it . he simply enfold she in he manly arm - " this be not the passage ~ there 's another much funnier further on - ( search for it ) lucy ( in a steady voice ) should we go in to tea ? she rise and lead the way . cecil by all mean , tea rather than Eleanor lavish . he follow she . GEORGE follow they both . they enter the shrubbery . cecil oh , I forget the book - lucy never mind - cecil it 's you mother 's library book and she will fuss . he go back to get it . GEORGE blunder against she in the narrow path . lucy no - but he kiss she ( on the lip ) . and she stand still for he . cecil' voice can be hear approach - " I must read you the bit about the murder - a crime passionel - " lucy walk on . 88 . 89 . 97 cecil rejoin they , GEORGE let they walk ahead . cecil ( he voice recede ) what be it about Italy that make lady novelist reach such summit of absurdity ... GEORGE , trail behind , pluck a flower rather roughly , but he hold and smell it tenderly . title card : lying to GEORGE day . interior . passage and stair . as cecil and lucy enter the house - charlotte be come down the stair . lucy Charlotte ~ . charlotte see that something have happen . Lucy ( to cecil ) go and start tea . I will be with you in a moment . she watch cecil go into the draw room and help himself from the tea table . then she go into the opposite room . day . interior . smoking room . charlotte immediately follow , look apprehensive . as soon as the door be shut - lucy do you know anything about miss lavish 's novel ? charlotte look bewilder and then a little shifty . Lucy there be a scene in it . the hero and heroine make love . do you know about that ? charlotte dear - ? lucy do you know about it , please . they be on a hillside , and Florence be in the distance . 98 charlotte open and then close she mouth . lucy there be violet . I can not believe it be a coincidence . Charlotte , Charlotte , how could you have tell she ? charlotte oh , Lucy , dearest girl - she have not put that in she book ? lucy nod . charlotte sink on to a chair . charlotte then never - never - never more shall Eleanor lavish be friend of mine . lucy so you do tell ? charlotte hide she face , shaking she head , make no attempt to defend herself . lucy cecil read it to I - and - that man take the opportunity to insult I again behind cecil 's back , charlotte moan . lucy why do you tell she ? what make you ? but now lucy see GEORGE approach , amble slowly toward the house across the lawn . as she watch he - charlotte moan - the hard expression go from lucy 's face and she look like a girl watch she lover from the window . and GEORGE - handsome and manly - do look like a lover . but then she expression harden again . Lucy I see now why you want I to tell cecil , and what you mean by " some other source . " you know that you have tell miss lavish , and that she be not reliable . charlotte , wince , join lucy by the window and take she hand , 99 charlotte even if you forgive I , I shall never forgive myself , not to my die day . lucy ( watch GEORGE , not listen to charlotte ) go and call he . charlotte call Mr. vyse ? Lucy no - no . the other one . charlotte try to protest but lucy , turn from the window , say in a cold voice : Lucy this time I '11 deal with he myself , charlotte dare not disobey she . she go out . lucy seat herself very straight - back in a very straight chair . she clenches she hand : she can be see steeling she - self , charlotte return with GEORGE , still hold he tennis racket . lucy Charlotte , please stay . charlotte , look frighten , shut the door and stand against it as if barring they exit . we see they from charlotte Pov . lucy ( rise from she seat ) Mr. emerson , go out of this house and never come into it again as long as I live here ... I hate a row . ( point to the door ) go , please . GEORGE but I can not - lucy go , please . I do not want to call in Mr. vyse . GEORGE you do not mean you be go to marry that man ? 100 Lucy ( take by surprise , then recover ; she have not expect he to take that line ) you be merely ridiculous . while they continue talk , charlotte can see cecil appear on the terrace with he tea cup : cecil carefully put down the cup , seat himself , dust he knee , pick up he cup , stir it , sip it , precise and prissy look . GEORGE »«eoh , I would have hold back if you cecil have be a different person . but he 's the sort who can not know anyone intimately - least of all a woman . he do not know what a woman be . he want you for a possession - he want to see you as a painting - or a ivory box - something exquisite to own and display . he do not want you to be real and think and live . charlotte turn away from the sight of cecil - charlotte Pov - lucy and GEORGE stand close together . dissolve - day . exterior . tuscan landscape . charlotte see again - lucy and GEORGE kissing among the violet - but enhance , more than what take place : more romantic , more passionate . dissolve - day . interior . smoking room . lucy and GEORGE stand close together . GEORGE be , as usual , unable to express himself and stammer with strong feel ; afraid of not make himself clear , he tend to repeat the same idea several time over , in he own simple , straightforward language . GEORGE but I love you - in a better way than he do . yes - really ina better way : I want you to have you own thought even when I hold you in my arm . and for a moment it look as if he be go to take she in he arm - but this time he control himself and turn instead to charlotte : 101 GEORGE you would not stop we this second time , if you understand . and in fact charlotte do not stop they - she lower she eye away from GEORGE 's penetrate gaze and say nothing . so that he feel entitle to appeal again directly to lucy : GEORGE it 's we last chance . he gaze at she with great intensity . like charlotte , she can not meet thisgaze , half turn from he ; there be something hesitant in she attitude which make he press on : GEORGE you must not say no - you must not ever say no to what 's right and ... good . do not you understand how lucky people be when they have find what 's right for they ? it 's a ... bless , do not you see ? she have remain in she hesitant attitude but now she face he - face he falsely , with a hard laugh that be not hers at all : Lucy and the fact that I love cecil and shall be he wife shortly ? I suppose that 's a detail of no importance . and he do brush it aside as though it be : GEORGE this tremendous thing have happen and what it mean - let I explain ~- it mean nothing must hinder we , not ever again . never again . that 's what it mean . you have to understand that . Lucy I have no idea what you be talk about . GEORGE ( half turn to charlotte , with great emphasis , almost shouting ) everyone have to understand ! 102 charlotte start forward as though to say something , but lucy silence she with a gesture . lucy and you must leave . it be wrong of I - very wrong - to stand here listen to you . she turn away from he in dismissal , and as she do so , he catch she hand in desperation - and she do not snatch it away at once but leave it linger in he long enough for he to say - GEORGE but you have not be listen . if you have , you would know . now she do snatch it away . lucy how dare you . you will leave at once . now . - no , not another word ~ no no - and , much shake in spite of herself , she put she hand over she ear - Lucy I will not listen to one more word . charlotte Lucy - Lucy ( flash out at charlotte ) have not you do enough ? do not interfere again . GEORGE try to meet lucy 's eye again - but she be resolutely turn away from he . he stand there for a moment , defeat , then go toward the door where charlotte be still stand . charlotte do not move , make no secret of the fact that she do not want he to leave . GEORGE it 's useless . let I go , miss bartlett . still charlotte do not move . lucy let Mr. emerson go , Charlotte . 92. 103 charlotte move aside reluctantly . it be charlotte who go to the window to watch GEORGE stride away . lucy , to hide she feeling , have busy herself with some tidy around the room . . charlotte I shall never forgive myself . ( but never forgive herself for what ? ) lucy you always say that , Charlotte , but you always do forgive you - self , quite readily . she go out briskly . charlotte watch GEORGE go up the drive and begin to climb the slope behind the house . it be charlotte now who have tear in she eye . dusk . exterior . garden , lucy , still walk briskly , pass cecil who be again read miss lavish 's book on the terrace . he want to read she another comic passage but she walk past he , lucy go through the garden to the place in the shrubbery where GEORGE kiss she . but now everything be different - the brightness have die out of the air , afternoon be draw into evening , and the lengthen shadow be creep over the house . only freddy and mr . ffloyd be still call out in jolly voice as they bounce ball around on the court - one ball come bounce into the shrubbery where lucy catch it . freddy come to retrieve it . freddy hallo , Lucy ! there 's still light enough for another set , if you two will hurry . lucy Mr. emerson have have to go . freddy what a nuisance . 93 . 104 he call to cecil sit on the terrace : freddy I say , cecil , do play , there 's a good chap . just this once - it 's ffloyd 's last day . cecil my dear freddy , as you well remark this morning : " there 's be some chap who be no good for anything but book . " I plead guilty to be such a chap . freddy bang the ball across the net in disappointment . please with he repartee , pleased with himself , cecil continue to amuse himself over he book . we see he from the Pov of lucy : he adjust he pincenez , he smile , he swing one elegant foot . we see the scale fall from lucy 's eye , as it be . she turn away from he decisively , turn she back on he as if to shut he out and the life they would plan together . title card : lying to cecil night . interior . smoking room . all through this scene where lucy break off she engage - ment , she be show to be irritate and sometimes angry with cecil - irritate and angere by herself , of course , as much as with he - while he be always show as gentle , rational , calm - if bewilder by what she 's say . it be he finest hour in the film ; he get to redeem himself somewhat . Forster write of cecil here : " ... for all he culture , cecil be a ascetic at heart , and nothing in he love become he like the leave of it ... " cu cecil , take off he pincenez , look bewilder . cecil ( incredulously ) ... because I would not play tennis with freddy ? lucy be on she knee by the sideboard , put away some whiskey bottle . she do not turn to he as he speak . cecil «eI never do play tennis . I never could . 105 lucy oh , forget the tennis . it be just the last straw . I be sorry , cecil . I can not marry you and you will thank I for say so one day , we be too different . she speak irritably and all she fussing around the side - board be irritable . but cecil be stammer with true feel . cecil but I love you , and I do think you love I ! lucy ( rise ) I do not . I think I do at first . I be sorry ... and as for you loving I - no you do not , cecil , not really . she pause . he stand look at she , speechless for once , then a inspiration strike she : Lucy you do not . it 's only as some - thing else - as something you can own - a painting ; a Leonardo . I do not want to be a Leonardo . I want to be myself . oh , do not let 's go on now . I shall only say thing that will make I unhappy afterwards . cecil you do not love I , evidently . I dare say you be right not to . but it would hurt a little less if I know why - lucy because - you be the sort who can not know anyone intimately , least of all a woman . a horrify look come into he eye . lucy I do not mean exactly that , but you will go on ask question - he do not defend himself . instead he look at she as she struggle to express herself . 106 lucy you wrap yourself up in art and book and music , and you want to wrap I up ! that 's why I be break off my engagement . there be a pause . then cecil say with emotion : cecil it 's true . Lucy ( feel ashamed ) true on the whole ... another pause . cecil speak gently , with grow admiration . now that he 's lose she , each moment she seem more desirable . cecil +-- you be so different tonight . like a different person - speak with a new voice . Lucy ( she irritation burst into uncontrollable anger ) if you think I be in love with someone else , you be very much mistaken ! cecil o£ course I do not - lucy ( cut across he protestation ) if a girl break off she engage - ment , everyone always think " oh , she have someone else - she hope to get someone else . " it 's disgusting , brutal ! cecil no , Lucy , no . I beg you pardon . you must excuse I if I say stupid thing , but my brain have go to piece . after a silence , ashamed of she outburst , impressed by he dignity : lucy I really think we would better go to bed , if you do not mind . 107 cecil ~~ .--- let I light you candle , shall I . he do so , carefully and gently , and give it to she . his voice be break as he speak again . cecil I must actually thank you for what you have do - for you courage in do it . I do admire you for it . will you shake hand ? lucy of course I will , cecil . they solemnly shake hand and then go out into the hall . lucy goodnight , cecil . I be sorry about it . thank you very much for take it so well . 94 . night . interior . passage and stair . ns cecil watch lucy go upstairs , the shadow from the banister pass over she face like the beat of wing . 95 . night . exterior . garden . cecil look at windy corner as if he be say goodbye . he wander about . he see a figure glimmer in the dark on the bench where he once propose to lucy . he approach - cecil ( surprised ) miss bartlett ? he sit next to she . cecil be not you go to bed ? charlotte no , I like sit here . I come here quite often , after everyone 's asleep ... perhaps that surprise you . cecil support he head between he hand . cecil Lucy have break off we engagement . 108 charlotte say nothing . cecil «+- if there be a.reason - it might be easier ; even if there be someone else - charlotte I hope you do not think that ? cecil of course I do not . of course not , she do not have to accuse I of that . a silence . cecil perhaps she be right , and I can not love she as she should be ... love ; that I can not be with anyone that way . charlotte be look up at the house which be quite dark except for Lucy 's window . lucy 's shadow can be see move against it . a silence . perhaps they get up and walk about before he start up again . cecil perhaps I be one of that who 's mean to live alone . some of we be ... I think perhaps you be too , miss bartlett . charlotte ( after a pause ) I dare say it seem so now , but it be not always . not at all always . certainly not when I be Lucy 's age ... look , she 's blow out she candle . for the light in Lucy 's window be extinguish , and everything be dark . title card : lying to mr. beebee , mrs . honeychurch , freddy and the servant 96 . day . interior . bloomsbury HOTEL bedroom -sitting room miss catherine alan be write a letter to mr . beebee , sit at a little write table in a spartan room . we 109 hear the word of the letter aloud . as she be write she get up to put a sixpence in the gas fire and it make a clink in the gloom . traffic sound of the city come in from outside . miss alan ( vo ) " , .. since Florence do my sister so much good , we do not see why we should not try athen this winter . she go to put the coin in and return . miss alan ( vo ) '' of course , athen be a plunge , and the doctor have order she special digestive bread ; but , after all , we can take that with we , and it be only get first into a steamer and then into a train ... " 97 . day . exterior , road over the hill to windy corner . mr . beebee be bicycling along through a blustery after - noon . the sky be dark with cloud , the wind blow , tree groan , and the first autumn leave fly away . he be smile to himself . we hear miss alan 's letter . miss alan ( vo ) '' , ... dear Mr. beebee , be there a English Church ? I do not expect we shall go any further than athen , but if you know of a really comfortable pension at constantinople , we would be so grateful ... " he see cecil and freddy come towards he up the road on foot . some way behind the carriage , with a trunk and other luggage in it , be make its way up slowly . they meet and shake hand . mr . beebee so you be off for a minute , Mr. vyse ? cecil yes . freddy look shifty - eye and uncomfortable . 110 mr , beebee I be come to show miss honey - church this delightful letter from that friend of hers , the miss alan . he quote from it . mr . beebee be not it wonderful ? be not it romance ? cecil ( civilly ) I be sure Lucy will be amused , freddy have you any match ? I be sorry to interrupt . cecil ( in a more kindly tone than usual ) I have . he hand he he silver match box . mr . beebee you have never meet this miss alan , have you , Mr. vyse ? cecil never . mr . beebee then you do not see the wonder of they Greek visit . I have not be to Greece myself , and do not mean to go . it 's altogether too big for we little lot . do not you think so ? - all right , freddy , I be not go to be clever - give I that match when you be do with they , I be say , if we poor little cockney life must have a background , let it be italian ... he light a cigarette . durinc the above the carriage make it to the top and the two young men climb in . cecil you be quite right . Greece be not for we little lot . goodbye. 98 . 111 the carriage move off , but stop after a dozen yard . freddy come run back to ask for cecil 's match box . freddy cecil 's hard hit . Lucy will not marry he . mr . beebee but when - freddy late last night . I must go . mr. beebee perhaps they will not want I down there . freddy no - go on . Goodbye . he run after the carriage and mr , beebee get on he bicycle , smile with satisfaction at the good news , slapping the saddle of the bike approvingly . day . exterior . garden of windy corner . the wind have knock down the dahlias . mrs . honeychurch , look cross , be tie they up . charlotte , inappro - priately dress for the task , offer unwanted assistance . minnie and the gardener 's child each hold the end of a long piece of twine . mrs , honeychurch not the scissors , thank you , Charlotte , when both my hand be full already . how do you do , Mr. beebee ? gracious , what a mess everything be ! minnie go up to she uncle and whisper to he . minnie everyone be so horrid today , uncle Arthur - let 's go out to tea . mr . beebee get you hat and coat , minnie , and I will take you . I shall take she up to tea at the beehive tavern . would you like to join we , miss bartlett ? mrs , honeychurch yes , Charlotte , I do not want you - do go. 99 . 112 charlotte thank you , but you have no one to help you . even my poor service be better than nothing . minnie look pleased that charlotte be not go to tea . mrs . honeychurch oh look out ! for charlotte , in lung at a fall plant , have step on it . mrs . honeychurch look ready to explode . from inside , lucy can be hear play mozart . mr . beebee it 's terrible , this havoc among the flower ... ah , mozart today - less exciting than Beethoven , perhaps , but also less unsettle ... he walk toward the draw room with he letter . day . interior . drawing room . when mr . beebee come in , lucy be still tinkering at mozart but stop quite soon . mr . beebee ( talk fast ) here be this most delightful letter from the miss alan who be make plan for a thrill trip to Greece - I must read you this - ( read ) " ... I do not think we shall go any further than athen , but if you know of a really comfortable pension at constantinople ... " constantinople ! be not it delightful ! they will end by go round the world . Lucy ( echoing in a dull voice ) delightful ! he put down the letter . a pause . mr. beebee ( after clear he throat ) miss honeychurch , you brother tell I . 113 lucy ( with a trace of annoyance ) oh do he ? mr. beebee I need not say that it will go no further . Lucy ( strike a note on the piano for each name ) mother - Charlotte - cecil - freddy - you. ( and then strike a sixth note ) mr . beebee if you will let I say so , I be certain you have do the right thing . lucy ( in a high , artificial voice ) oh , do tell I more about the miss alan ! how perfectly splendid of they to go abroad ! mr . beebee I want they to start from Venice and go in a cargo steamer down the Illyrian coast ! lucy look suddenly alert . Lucy oh , I long to join they !... do freddy say whether he be drive straight back ? mr . beebee no , he do not . Lucy because I hope he will not go gossipe . he put the letter away , expect she to go on about she break engagement . but she say instead : Lucy how perfectly splendid of they to go abroad . I wish they would take I . he see to he surprise that she be serious . 100 , 101 . 114 mr . beebee would you mother spare you again so soon ? you have scarcely be back three month . lucy she must spare I . I simply must go away . I have to . she run she hand hysterically through she hair . lucy do not you see that I have to go away ? charlotte come in . Lucy ..- Charlotte , be not it too romantic ! the miss alan be go to constantinople ! mr . beebee so far only to athen - Lucy I have always long to go to constantinople . athen , I mean . minnie beebee come in to claim mr . beebee . mr , beebee in lieu of constantinople , could minnie and I not lure you to tea at the beehive ? lucy thanks he but decline . so do charlotte . mr. beebee and minnie go out . day . exterior . windy corner in its setting . Hand in hand , mr . beebee and minnie be walk sedately up the hill . day . interior . drawing room . lucy ( with great intensity ) you must help I persuade mother . ( when charlotte , completely bewilder , start protest ) ... do not you see that I must go somewhere - any ~- where ( strike she knee with clench fist ) I must get away , ( more ) 115 lucy ( contd ) ever so far ... before it 's know ( impatiently , as charlotte look puzzle ) that I have break off my engagement ... he must not get any idea . charlotte you mean , Mr. emerson might think it be on he account ? lucy how slow you be , Charlotte . how slow . charlotte of course there must be no gossip in summer Street . but to go all the way to Greece - lucy ( interrupt ) ~ you see he you - self that day , you hear he . if he get to know of this , goodness know what will happen . there be a pause . they look at each other . charlotte ( hesitate ) Lucy , be you completely sure - lucy nunheshtate ) yes ! what be you think of - charlotte ( swallow ) - completely sure that you want to go to Greece ? Lucy well - of course - of course - of course . but she do not look at charlotte . she turn away and go on - lucy - I would have think you would want to help I - that you would be the first to go to mother and say " Lucy must go to Greece at once " - that you would want to do this for I - 102 . 116 charlotte of course I want to do every - thing that be right for you , can you doubt that for one moment ? everything that be good for you . freddy come in . lucy I be tell you what be right and good for I - oh please do not argue - do what I ask . charlotte press lucy 's hand and go out . lucy sit at the piano again . freddy why 's she look like that ? lucy like what ? freddy ( shrugging ) like Charlotte bartlett . . lucy ( start to play again ) because she be Charlotte bartlett . freddy sit on the floor , lean against lucy while she play and sing . dusk . exterior . beehive tavern . minnie ( she mouth full of cream bun ) one thing I have notice , uncle Arthur : you be the one person who never get cross . it must be because you be the vicar . mr . beebee it could be that . or because I tend to be disengage . minnie be that what 's happen ? have Lucy get disengage ? mr . beebee attend to what I be say : dis - engage in the sense of not be a active participant : of be merely a spectator . 103 . 117 minnie because if she 's get disengage from Mr. vyse , then it 's not so bad . mr . beebee yes , but not with you mouth full , please , minnie . dusk . interior , drawing room . 104 . Lucy be play and sing . freddy be still sit on the floor , lean against she . lucy ( sing ) " stop thine ear against the singer from the red gold keep thy finger . " preddy the tune 's right enough , but the word be rotten . why throw up the sponge ? lucy how stupidly you talk . freddy «-- tell you what I could do : run up to London and see cecil . if you like , I could . lucy sit quiet and listen . ( sing ) " vacant heart , and hand , and eye , easy live and quiet die . " dusk . exterior . garden . mrs , honeychurch be still struggle with she dahlias - get more and more cross every minute , with they and with the Garden boy . at this inauspicious moment , charlotte , she skirt blow in the wind , come to make she announcement . what she say and what mrs . honeychurch reply be lose in the windstorm , so the scene be a kind of pantomime of gesticulate , more see than hear . mrs . honeychurch look at my scarlet pompom , be not it a tragedy ? charlotte Lucy hase a plan - 105 . 106 . 118 mrs . honeychurch ( not hearing because of the wind ) and I be perfectly certain that the orange cactus will go before I can get to it . charlotte ( shouting ) miss alan be go abroad ! they be go to Greece ! mrs . honeychurch good luck to they . charlotte ( bravely shouting ) Lucy would like to join they as far as athen ! mrs . honeychurch sit down there and then in the flower bed and stare up into charlotte 's face . charlotte ( less bravely ) _... and on to delphi if the road be safe . at that moment the orange cactus fall . dusk . exterior . windy corner insit setting , mr . beebee and minnie be descend the hill toward windy corner . lucy voice can be hear sing : " stop thine ear against the singer from the red gold keep thy finger . " as they draw near the house , they can see lucy through the glass door . freddy have he head against she as she sit at the piano , and a unlit pipe between he tooth . lucy ( sing ) . " vacant heart , and hand , and eye , easy live and quiet die . " the song sound even more mournful than the autumn gale : but not so the piano accompaniment , which appear to be soar on wing of its own . day . interior . the emerson house . as in the earlier scene , when we see they move in , there 119 be a cheerful air of . unpack , now there be a depressed air of pack up , give up , depart . GEORGE could be struggle on the stair with the big picture by raphael , carry it down as we see he take it up before . he might then turn to pack book into oxes '' mr . emerson take all that but leave I thoreau till I leave . I need he by I now . GEORGE drag a fill box away to stack with other box . as he do so , speak in a dull matter - of - fact tone : GEORGE it 's a ugly house . we never do like the house . mr . emerson what 's a house ? it 's what you put in it - the light you fill it with , that 's what make a house . ( look out at the rain ) why be rain even worse in the country ? Pov mr . emerson : water drip from the tree like tear , soaking into the grass , fall onto water , fall on the tombstone in the churchyard ( whatever one see from he window - in any case , it should look like the world be dissolve in tear ) . mr . emerson ( turn from the window ) and when we first come , the sun be shine all the time . yes , every day be bright . GEORGE ( painfully straighten up from carry a heavy load ) you can not expect the summer to last forever . he be very gloomy ; he look like a hero in defeat . his father come over to he and put he hand on GEORGE 's shoulder . this hand tremble . obviously he would like to do more - embrace he son , comfort he - but there be something granite about GEORGE that do not encourage the soft gesture of comfort . watched by mr. emerson , GEORGE stoically continue to pack . 107 . 120 GEORGE I must not miss the train . the mover can do the rest - no , not you . I do not want you strain you back . I will not be come next weekend . there 's no point . I will come to take you back to town the week after . mr . emerson accompany GEORGE to the door and stand there watch while GEORGE get on he cycle . day . exterior . country road . 108 . GEORGE cycle to the station - but very differently from the way we see he travel the same road in a earlier scene . then it be all downhill and he ride as a conquer hero ; now he be pedall painfully uphill , hunch against the wind and the rain . day . interior . bloomsbury HOTEL lounge . london . the miss alan be entertaining lucy and mrs . honeychurch to tea . there be other elderly lady sit around do the same . lucy and mrs . honeychurch be the liveliest look element in the scene , which be other - wise hushed , genteel , and in term of any life or gaiety , virtually moribund . catherine alan «epaper soap be a great help towards freshen up one 's face on a train ... but of course , you know all about this thing , and you have Mr. vyse to help you . mrs . honeychurch begin to drum nervously on she card case . catherine alan we think it so good of Mr. vyse to spare you . but perhaps he will come out and join you later . teresa alan ( the more acute , and less kindly , of the two sister ) or do he work keep he in London ? catherine alan we shall meet he when he see you off . I do so long to ... 109 . 110 . 121 mrs . honeychurch ( cut she off ) no one will see Lucy off . she do not like the teresa alan really ? how funny ! I should have think that in this case - mrs . honeychurch rise decisively . catherine alan oh , Mrs. honeychurch , you be not go ? it 's such a pleasure to have meet you ... miss teresa and miss catherine chatter away as they see they visitor off - " we shall write to you very often and send pretty card from every place . we know how anxious you will be to hear , naturally , of course , both you and Mr. vyse . " day . exterior . bloomsbury STREET . london . lucy and mrs . honeychurch walk through the drizzle . lucy ( with relief ) we just get through that time . mrs . honeychurch yes , and be see through , which be most unpleasant . day . interior . bloomsbury HOTEL lounge . the two old lady return to they table . miss catherine ( peer into the teapot ) be there a drop leave ? oh , quite a bit leave . they be in such a hurry , they hardly have time to enjoy they tea ... ( she pour it , also examine the sandwich ) do you think this be curling just the tiniest bit ? ( but she take one and eat it ) ... do you know , Teresa , I could not help think that we dear Lucy do not look - ill . 122 miss teresa I wish you would learn to finish you sentence , Catherine , you be get worse and worse . miss catherine ( indicate she cannot speak because of have she mouth full , but when that difficulty be overcome , she continue ) - no , do not look like a bride - to - be . miss teresa oh ? and pray , how should a bride - to - be look accord to you great wisdom and experience in this matter ? miss catherine I can not say exactly how , only that she lack something . yes - well - if you must know , Teresa ~- radiance . ( and in pronounce it , she load that word and glow with it ) miss teresa ( after regard she speculatively ) do you know what I think ? I think you need cool off . perhaps we should be go to a colder climate - to Russia not to Greece . miss catherine ( playfully shudder ) brrrrr . miss teresa be hard put to it to continue to look severe . day . exterior . london STREET . still in drizzle , and continue they earlier conver - sation , mrs . honeychurch sound very annoyed , and so do lucy . mrs . honeychurch ' I shall never understand this hole and corner work . you have get rid of cecil - well and good , and I be thankful - but why not announce it ? lucy I promise not to till I leave England . it 's only for a few day . 112. 123 mrs . honeychurch but why at all ? they have reach a bookstore near the british Museum and turn in . day . interior . london bookshop . they go over to the guidebook section - as lucy stretch up for the baedeker for Greece : mrs . honeychurch I still do not understand it . why ? why Greece ? why go rush off to the end of the earth ? lucy pretend to be engross in baedeker . mrs . honeychurch I be beginning to think that you be tired of you home - of windy corner - lucy ( irritable and petulant ) 0h , mother , what rubbish you talk ! mrs . honeychurch - and tired of freddy and I . a silence , during which lucy take down another book . lucy of course I be not tired of windy corner . mrs . honeychurch then why not say so at once instead of consider for half a hour first . lucy ( leaf through book ) ...0 for course I want to live at home . but as we be talk about it , I may as well say that in the future I shall want to come up to London more . I might even share a flat for a little with some other girl . you see , I come into my money next year . tear come into mrs . honeychurch 's eye . 124 see she mother 's look , lucy screw up she mouth and ~~ backtrack . lucy perhaps I speak hastily . mrs , honeychurch ( flash out ) oh , goodness ! how you do remind I of Charlotte bartlett . Lucy Charlotte ? mrs . honeychurch Charlotte to the T , . she purse up she mouth the way lucy do just now and the way charlotte do often . lucy turn she face away , as one offended . mrs , honeychurch there : Charlotte again . lucy ( through clench tooth , and ne leave she mother to go up to the cashier ) I do not know what you mean , Charlotte and I be not in the least alike . mrs . honeychurch ( follow lucy ) no , you use not to be . mrs . honeychurch stand look at she daughter count out change . she do resemble charlotte : pinch , anxious , and prematurely spinsterish . mrs . honeychurch relent as she watch lucy , anxiety and concern soften she expression . 113 . day . interior , railway carriage . the train rush through a sodden landscape . neither lucy nor mrs . honeychurch speak . the train whistle forlornly and the rain-streaked glass rattles and shake . lucy make a show of read the baedeker guide she 's just buy . she stop at a photograph of the charioteer of delphi , strike by the statue 's grave , youthful , masculine confidence . 114 . 115 . 116 . 125 day . exterior . emerson villa . charlotte , pass , see emerson furniture be carry out . she walk over to mr . beebee 's house . day . interior . mr. beebee' house - passage . charlotte oh , Mr. beebee , what be happen to you neighbour ? mr . beebee alas , they be move out . Old Mr. emerson 's rheumatism have come on , and George say it be too far out of town - through the open library door , charlotte see mr . emerson sit by the fire . charlotte might I trespass on you kindness , Mr. beebee , and wait here for Mrs. honeychurch to fetch I in the carriage ? mr . beebee most certainly , with pleasure - do join Mr. emerson who have take refuge in there from the mover . only you must excuse I - ( the organ can be hear from the church ) - as you can hear , they have get go there - he go out . she go into the library . day . interior . mr. beebee' library . mr . emerson be sit by the fire . he look want and weak but smile at charlotte with a childlike sweetness . charlotte I be very sorry to hear , Mr. emerson , that the house have bring on you rheumatism . mr . emerson it 's not the rheumatism ; it 's my boy ... George be so sorry ! I can not blame he - and yet I wish he have tell I first . charlotte charlotte 126 charlotte ( a pause ) ... he never tell you - not what happen in Italy ? mr . emerson not one word . charlotte ( almost to herself ) yes , that 's what Lucy think ... mr . emerson I be only tell last Sunday - charlotte what be you tell ? mr . emerson that he love she . flinch , blushes , turn away . mr . emerson ( regard she keenly ) wo not you sit down ? charlotte I think I hear the carriage - it would be most discourteous to keep my cousin wait . mr . emerson no , there be not any carriage . sit down , my dear . hesitates , then sit - or rather , perches , uncomfortably . charlotte ( bite she lip , rigidly ) there appear to have be a series of unfortunate misunderstandings . mr . emerson worse than that , miss bartlett . everyone 's be lie , except George . and now here 's miss honeychurch marrying Mr. vyse in January - ( he trail off as charlotte shake she head ) charlotte miss honeychurch - Lucy - be take a tour of Greece with ( more ) 127 charlotte ( contd ) we friend , the miss Alan , you may remember they from the pension bertolini , miss Teresa and she young sister , miss Catherine - ( or however far she get before he have take it in and interrupt she ) mr . emerson ( almost shouting ) she be not get marry ? charlotte miss honeychurch have break off she engagement . it be all do with great tact and discretion , naturally , and for the time be we would prefer it to be keep quiet - mr , emerson ( interrupt again ) oh , there 's a time for keep quiet , miss bartlett , and there 's a time for speak out . no , you do not hear any carriage - but why do not you sit back - lean back - make you - self more comfortable - here , take this - ( he put a cushion behind she ) - there , that 's better . you look much better . and charlotte , now with a cushion at she back , do look better : more relaxed , less rigid . dusk . exterior . lane in surrey . 117 . lucy and mrs . honeychurch be seat in the honeychurch carriage . powell be drive they . the rain have stop . shower of water fall from the overhange tree and rattle on the hood of the carriage . the carriage - lamp pass its searchlight over mud and fall leave . they be come in to summer Street . it be oppressive inside the carriage . lucy can not we have the hood down ? mrs . honeychurch ( with sudden tenderness ) very well , old lady . stop the horse . 118. 128 the horse stop . lucy and powell wrestle with the hood and get it down . when it be down , lucy see : cissie villa , exactly opposite , with the mover carry out furniture . lucy be that house to let again , Powell ? powell yes , miss . lucy have they go ? powell Sir Harry 's look for new tenant , I hear . lucy sink back . the cottage recede into the distance . the horse 's hoof strike the road . lucy be in a kind of despair and sit numbly , think about she recent action . mrs . honeychurch what a pity about the emerson . freddy will be so sorry and indeed , so be I ... Lucy , go and get Charlotte from Mr. beebee 's , and do hurry both of you because Mary have she fishpie in ... such a agreeable family . what a pity . lucy get down from the carriage . she go up to mr . beebee 's house and ring the bell . title card : lying to mr. emerson dusk . interior . mr. beebee' library . lucy , open the door , see mr . emerson and charlotte sit as before by the fire . before she can say anything : charlotte Lucy , Mr. emerson say it be all he fault . mr . emerson because I tell he to trust to love . I tell he , " George , love and do what you will . " it 's what I teach he , and so you see it be all my fault . 119 . 129 charlotte use this speech to make she get-away - that be , during it she get up and try to slip out of the door . lucy where be you go ? charlotte you dear mother have most think - fully come to fetch I in she carriage , and I have not be bring up to keep anyone wait , least of all a kind hostess . when lucy try to go out with she , she push she back into the room and shut the door on she . dusk . exterior . carriage . 120 . mrs . honeychurch be very irritate . when she see charlotte emerge - mrs . honeychurch now where be Lucy ? no , you get in , Charlotte . if Mary 's fish - pie be spoiled , she will mope from now till next Friday - charlotte get in , seating herself humbly with she back to the horse . when mrs . honeychurch protest - charlotte this will do very well for I - I must not inconvenience you - when mrs . honeychurch insist - charlotte I shall make myself as tiny as a mouse . and she do so , to mrs . honeychurch 's exasperation . dusk . interior . mr. beebee' library . mr . emerson and lucy . all through this scene we hear the sound of the litany . lucy «.»e Mr. emerson , I have no wish to discuss you son or even to hear ( more ) a pause . 130 lucy ( contd ) he name mention . he have mis - behave from the first ... ( face mr. emerson ) why , he have behave abominably . do you know what he do ? mr . emerson ( gently ) not '' abominably . " he only try when he should not have try . Lucy no , of course . " abominable " be much too strong a word . I be sorry I use it about you son . I must leave you - mother and Charlotte be wait - mr , emerson and now he 's go under . mr . emerson ( strike he palm together in silence , he head fall on he chest ) go under . another pause . she look frighten . Lucy ( in a shaky voice ) ... be you son i11 ? mr . emerson no , George be never ill but he ueego under . give up and - ( make a sink gesture ) it be the same in Florence , after you leave . horrible . then we take the house here and he go bathing with you brother , and become better . you see he bathing ? lucy I be sorry , but it 's no good discuss this affair ... mr . emerson George be come to take I up to London . he can not bear to be here , and I must be where he be . ( more ) 131 mr . emerson ( contd ) he say the think of see you and of hearing about you - lucy ( in a kindly tone of voice for the first time ) oh , Mr. emerson , do not leave - at least not on my account . I be go to Greece . do not leave you comfortable house . you must not ! I have be bother enough to everybody by now - mr . emerson why be you go to Greece ? ( when lucy have no answer ) my dear , I be worried about you . it seem to I - ( he say this dreamily , pose a hypothesis almost to himself ) - that you be in a muddle . it seem to I - ( continue he hypothesis ) - that the reason you be go to Greece - the reason you have break you engagement - ( yes , miss bartlett tell I ) - be that you love George . Lucy ( gasp ) oh ! oh , how like a man ! - I mean , to suppose that a woman be always think about a man . mr . emerson but you be . she sink down on a chair , completely bewilder , all she thought and feeling turn upside down . mr . emerson you see , my dear , you can ignore love , you can muddle it , you can do whatever you like - but you can never pull it out of you ... look , all the light 's go out of you pretty face - just like it 's go out of George ... I can not bear it ... and now I have make you cry . dear girl , forgive I . Lucy ( in a panic ) but I have to go to Greece now - the ticket 's buy and everything - it 's impossible ! 121. 132 mr . emerson there 's only one thing impossible , and that 's to love and to part . voice of mrs . honeychurch call for lucy . lucy get up , glad of a excuse to run away . but mr . emerson get up too - mr . emerson ( press home on she ) you love George ! you love the boy body and soul as he love you ! lucy ( as she lower she veil , tear pour down she face ) but of course I do , what do you all think . she hurry out , with he close behind she , mrs . honey - church 's voice call . Lucy oh please not , Mr. emerson - mother 's call - I must go - they trust I - mr . emerson but why should they , when you have deceive everyone , include you - self ? mrs . honeychurch be still call but lucy do not call back . dusk . she have stop still , wait for mr . emerson to say more . exterior , carriage . mrs . honeychurch «.. if Lucy have so much to say to Mr. beebee , then let she walk home , go on , Powell . the carriage start , with mrs . honeychurch grumble to charlotte . mrs . honeychurch on no account be I go to have Mary mope . I do not know what have get into Lucy : she be never so inconsiderate . but now one week Italy , next week Greece - 133 charlotte the plan for Greece may be cancel . mrs . honeychurch what ? now ? when everything be turn topsy - turvy - charlotte be constantly craning back out of the carriage - she see lucy run behind they - charlotte ( in great excitement ) oh stop ! Lucy have something to tell we ! do stop ! she get up in the carriage - she look drunk with she hat and veil slip over she eye - she be in danger of fall out so that mrs . honeychurch have to hold she by clasp she around the knee . 122 . night . interior . ' charlotte's bedroom in tunbridge well . charlotte , now entirely back in character , be put herself to bed . encase in flannel night - gown and cotton night - cap , she slip she hand under the neatly turn - down blanket to make sure of she hot water bottle . she get into bed . from she bedside table she take a envelope with foreign stamp and draw out a letter which appear to have be already read more than once - lucy ( vo ) dear cousin Charlotte , you will be glad to hear that the pension bertolini be entirely its own dear self . even the guest appear to be just another set of miss alan - miss lavish - Mr. beebee - and indeed Charlotte and Lucy - 123 . day . interior . pension dine room . it be exactly as beforeand - yes , the guest do seem to be yet another set of English spinster and clergyman : except for lucy and GEORGE who be sit there . the bottle of wine and water still alternate down the table - the guest be still cut meat with English board house refinement - 124 . 134 two newcomer enter : a young girl and she chaperon . they be receive with the stiff good breeding appropriate to newcomer who have not yet prove themselves . they seat be opposite lucy and GEORGE . they whisper to each other - the chaperon try to dampen the ardour of the girl . but finally the girl break out , turn to GEORGE and lucy : girl but we be promise room with a view - chaperon hush , dear , we must not - girl it 's so unfair ! ( appeal to GEORGE and lucy ) do not you agree that on one 's first visit to Italy one must have a room with a view ? GEORGE we have a room with a view . ( but he do not offer to give it up ) night . interior . charlotte's bedroom . 125 . charlotte put away the letter . she blow out she candle . she sleep . she dream . night , interior . room with a view in charlotte be 126 . dream . GEORGE and lucy be stand by the open window , kissing - dissolve - night . interior . room with a view . GEORGE and lucy really be kissing by the open window , stand against the same view she see on she first night : the light dance in the arno , the cypress of San miniato , and the foothills of the appenine , black against the rise moon . there be a hiss like a serpent 's from underneath the window . GEORGE and lucy draw apart and look out : a coachman be eagerly offer they he carriage for tomorrow : 135 coachman signorino , domano faremo un giro - Lucy ( lean forward ) lascia , prego , lascia . siamo sposati . coachman scusi tanto , signora . he whip up he horse and drive off sing . GEORGE shut the window shutter . and they continue to kiss with increase ardour : break not only out of Charlotte 's dream but - passion mount - out of the 19th century and - with passion unconfine - into the 20th .