rosemary's baby sereenplay by roman polanski base on the novel by tra levin final draft william castle enterprise July oy , 1967 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library rosemary's baby 1 . 1 . ext . bramford - ( day ) = august 1 , 1965 panoramic of New York from a high building , finish on the bramford , . guy and rosemary woodhouse enter the main gate of the bramford . 2 . ext . bramford entrance hall - ( day ) mr . nicklas be a small and dapper man ; he finger miss from both hand . . mr. nicklas oh , a actor . ( ringing for the elevator with he middle finger ) we be very popular with actor , have I see you in anything ? guy let 's see . I do hamlet a while back , do not I , Liz ? and then we make the sandpiper ... rosemary he 's joke , he be in " luther " and " nobody love a Albatross " and a lot of television play and commercial . the elevator door slide open , they enter . the commercial . rosemary yeso guy and the artistic thrill , too . Rosemary give he a plead look ; he give back one of stunne innocence and then make a leer vampire face at the top of Mr. nicklas 's head . | @ 7-24-67 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 3 . int . elevator - ( day ) oak -panel , with a shine brass hardrail - be run by a uniform negro boy , diegc , with a lock - in - place smile . mr . nicklas Seven ( to Rosemary and guy ) originally the smallest apartment be a nine - they have be break up into four , fives , and six , Seven E be a four that be criginally the back part of 4 tern . it have the original master bedroom for its live room , another bedroom for its bedroom , and two servant ' room throw together for its dining room or second bedroom . do you have ehild ? rosemary we plan to . the elevator stop and diego , smile , chivvy it down , up and down again for a closer alignment . he int . hallway = ( day ) dimly light , wall and carpete in dark green . they pass a sculpture grsen door mark Seven B. a workman be fitting a peepseope into it , he look at they and turn back to ths cut - out hole . Mr. nicklas lead the way to the right and then to the leave , through short branch of .. dark gr hall - 4 japer : : be tubbed yo and scurl inward in ' pla of the’ bulb ir ' cut - glass sconce be dead . the dark green carpet be patch with light green tape . guy look at Rosemary and lift he eye - brow in mock outrage . she look away and smile brightly with a I - love - it -everything 's - lovely expression . mr . nicklas the previous tenant , Mrs. gardenia , pass away only a faw day ago and nothing have be move yet . her son ask I to say that some of the furniture can be have practically for the ask . they reach the door of apartment Seven E. 7- 2h.-67 { continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library [ qo . * 7-24-67 ( cont would ) rosemary ; do she die in the apartment ? not that it - mr . nicklas oh , no , in a hospital , Mr , nicklas press the pearl bell - button ( the name L. gardenia be mount above it on black plastic ) mr . nicklas she would be in a coma for week . Mr. nicklas turn a key in the lock , despite lose finger he work the knob and throw the door smartly . mr . nicklas after you , please , she be very old and pass away without ever waking . int , the apartment = ( day ) four room divide two and two on either side of a narrow central hallway that extend in a straight line from the front door , the first room on the right be the kitchen , it have a six - burner gas stove with two oven , a mammoth refrigerator , a monumental sink , dozen of cabinet , a high ceiling and a window on seventh Avenue , on a chrome table , roped bale of '' fortune '' and " musical America . " opposite the kitchen , another room with window face onto a narrow courtyard , which have apparently be use as a combination study and greenhouse , hundred of small plant , die and dead , stand on jerry - build shelf under spiral of unlight fluorescent tub ; in they midst a roll - top desk spill over with book : and papers . as they be look through the apartment , Mr. nicklas continue : mr . nicklas I will be grateful to go that way myself when the time come . she be chipper right to the end ... she would be one of the first woman lawyer in New York State , Rosemary nudge guy and indicate the desk , she leave guy and Mr. nicklas and go to it , step over a shelf of withere brown frond . she touch the old wood . it be a handsome desk , broad and ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 724-67 he ( cont would ) gleam with age , on mauve paper , graceful blue penmanship " ... than merely the intrigue pastime I believe it to be . I can no longer associate myself ... " Rosemary catch herself snooping and look up at Mr. nicklas . rosemary be this for sale ? mr . nicklas I dontt know . I could find out for you . guy it 's a beauty . rosemary be not it ? - she look about smile . mr . nicklas it would make a ideal nursery . rosemary White and yellow wallpaper would brighten it tremendously . she look at the closet fill with pot seedling . guy what be all this ? rosemary herbs , mostly . ( point ) mint. basil . further along the. hall . be a guest closet on the leave and , on ' the right , a wide archway open into the live room . two large bay window , small fireplace and high oak booksheleve , rosemary oh , guy} she find guy 's hand and squeeze it . guy mmm. ( noncomittally but squeezing back she hand ) mr . nicklas the fireplace work , of course . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ee o 5 . 5 . ( cont would ) 7=2h-67 Mr. nicklas , stand behind they , turn to the bed ~ room opposite . its window be face on to the same narrow courtyard as that of the study . the bathroom be beyond the live room ; big and full of bulbous white brass - knobbed fixture . rosemary it 's a marvelous apartment ! I love its guy what she 's try to do be get you to lower the rent . mr . nicklas ( smiling ) we would raise it if we be allow . Apartments with this kind of charm - Mr. nicklas stop short and look at a mahogany secretary at the head of the central hallway . mr . nicklas that 's odd . there 's a closet behind that secretary . I be sure there be . Mr. nicklas go closer to the secretary . guy stand on tiptoe . guy you be right . rosemary she move it . it use to be there . she point to a peak silhouette leave ghost - like on the wall near the bedroom door , and the deep print of four ball foot in the burgundy carpet . faint scuff - trail curve and cross from the four print to the secretary 's foot where they stand now against the narrow adjacent wall . mr . nicklas give I a hand , will you ? guy and Mr. nicklas , between they , work the secretary bit by bit back toward its original place . guy I see why she go into a coma . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library i | 5 . 6 . 7-24-67 ( cont would ) : mr. nicklas | she could not have move this by herself , she be eighty - nine . Rosemary look doubtfully at the closet door they have uncover , rosemary should we open it ? maybe she son should , the secretary lodge in its four footprint , Mr. nicklas massage he hand . mr , nicklas I be authorize to show the apartment . he go to the door and open it . the closet be nearly empty ; a vacuum cleaner at one side and four wood board at the other , the overhead shelf be stack with blue and green bath towel . guy whoever she lock in get out . mr , nicklas she probably do not need five closet . rosemary why would she cover up she vacuum cleaner and she towel ? mr . nicklas ( shrugge ) I do not suppose we will ever know . she may have be get senile after all . ( smile ) be ' there anything else ? rosemary / yes , what about the laundry facility ? ext . seventh avenue - ( day ) Rosemary and guy walk along . rosemary it 's cheaper than the other . guy it 's one room less , honey . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library cy 6. 7 . e 7-24-67 ( cont would ) they walk in silence for a moment . rosemary it 's better locate . guy God , yes . I could walk to all the theatre . rosemary oh , guy . let 's take it { please ! that live room could be - oh please , let 's take it , all right ? guy well , sure , if we can get out of the other lease , int , new york cafe ~ ( day ) Rosemary sit at a table . there be two bloody Mary 's in front of she . she be look anxiously at the telephone booth at the end of the room . guy be inside the booth talk on the phone . Rosemary at the table . she keep she finger cross , a pregnant woman . pass in a navy blue dress , follow by she mother , carry package . Rosemary watch they . joan jellico , a red-haire girl , wave to Rosemary from a table opposite . Rosemary wave back , Joan jellico mime I will -come - to-see - you . a starve -= — look , waxen - face man face Joan jellico turn to look at Rosemary . Rosemary look .. toward the telephone booth again . guy be on he way back , bite back a grin . rosemary yes ? guy the lease be void . we will get back the deposit . rosemary what do you tell they ? guy sit down . a waitress bring sandwich . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 0 7 . ( cont would ) 8 . guy I be leave for Vietnam on a u.s.0 . tour and you be go to omaha to stay with you folk . rosemary be that all ? guy no . when I be in saigon I be to keep a eye open for Lieutenant hartman of the Marine Corps . Joan jellico reach the table and bend over it . joan hid guy turn to see who it be . 7-24-67 guy Joan $ joan where have you be hide ? rosemary how 's Dick ? joan okay . guy sit down . joan ( indicate over shoulder ) I be with my agent . how be you do ? rosemary guess what ? we have just get a apart - ment in the bramford . joan you have not ! I would die to live in the ' bram rosemary I be so excited . joan ( look over she shoulder ) call I , Rosemary , I will help you move script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library | '' a 8 . int , hutch apartment - kitchen - ( night ) - august 5 , 1965 . | small , well - equip and slightly old - fashioned . guy be lean against a tall refrigerator , glass of wine in he hand . Rosemary be sit on a stool , also with wine . hutch , wear a apron and one oven glove , be bent double , look in the oven . he be English , have a broad shiny face and a few strand of wetted - down hair comb crossway over he skull . hutch I be tempt to write the manage - ment that you be drug addict and litterbug . Rosemary and guy laugh . hutch instead , I lie and say that you would be wonderful tenant . rosemary you be great , hutch . } '' : hutch I hope though , that I can talk you out of it . guy ( to Rosemary ) he 's pull you leg . hutch I be not indeed . hutch straighten up , red-face , perspire , hold a@ large joint of lamb . guy gee , that look great . hutch , hold the joint out in front of he , lead the way into the other room . this be small , dark and neat . there be a inscribe photo of Winston churchill and a period sofa . two bridge table , each with its typewriter and pile of paper . there be another table at the side , laid for dinner and look out of place . hutch go to this fl @ table and put down the joint . hutch be you aware that the bramford have rather a unpleasant reputation early in the century ? 7 -2 - 67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library not o 8 . ( cont would ) hutch look at they ; Rosemary sit down and guy be pour more wine into the glass . hutch start carve . 10 . hutch it 's where the trench sister perform they little dietary experiment , and keith Kennedy hold he party . adrian marcato live there too ; so do Pearl Ames . rosemary be the trench sister ? who be adrian marcato ? hutch the trench sister be two proper victorian lady . they cook and eat several young child , include a niece . guy Lovely . hutch adrian marcato practice witchcraft . he make quite a splash in the ninety , announce he have conjure up the live Satan . apparently people be - lieve he ; so they attack and nearly kill he in the bramford lobby . rosemary you be joke . hutch later the keith Kennedy business begin , and by the twenty the house be half empty . guy I know about keith Kennedy , I do not know marcato live there . rosemary ( shudder ) and that sister ! hutch sit down and they start eat . hutch World War two fill the place up again . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library fc 9 no 8 . ( cont would ) will . rosemary mmm. terrific . guy the house ? rosemary the lamb . hutch it be call Black bramford . rosemary but - awful thing happen in every apartment house . hutch the house happen to have a high incidence of unpleasant happening . why deliberately enter a danger zone ? guy danger zoneb sound like something out of you boy ! storey . you must be kid . hutch I be honestly try to talk you out of it . guy well , Jesus , hutch -- hutch go to the Wyoming or the osborne if you be dead set on nineteenth century splendor . rosemary the Wyoming be co-ope the osborne be go to be tear down . they eat for a moment in silence . t= 2hm 67 hutch in ' 59 a dead infant be find wrap in newspaper in the basement . guy you really rouse my appetitet ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library C ) 8 . ( cont would ) _/ hutch have some more wine . hutch refill the glass . 9 . ext , STREET in front of carpet store - ( day ) - ) Rosemary and Joan jellico stand look in the window . they have parcel and magazine in they hand . 10 . int . store - fabric department - ( day ) Rosemary and Joan jellico be ploughing they way through curtain fabric , hang like flag side by side . ll. int . store - escalator - ( day ) Rosemary and Joan jellico stand on the escalator , go up , they arm pile high with package and bag . they wave to elise dunstan go down on the other escalator . 12 . int . store - bedding department - ( day ) Rosemary lie , bounce up and down , on a huge bed . elise dunstan , Joan jellico and a salesman stand watch she . rosemary , ( sitting up ) this be too big . { she look at the salesman and point to a bed opposite . i rosemary what about this one ? joan oh no . you want a king -size bed . salesman ( point to the smaller bed ) 1 if you husband be not a heavy person , this be quite comfortable for two people . @ joan what happen if there be three ? salesman what do you mean ? the baby ? the girl burst into laughter . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library o yd 7-24-67 13 . int . guy and rosemary's apartment - ( dusk ) - ig '' 19 guy and Rosemary enter . he be carry a lamp and a shopping bag . Rosemary pull the key out of the door and follow guy along the hallway . the apartment be empty , except for a few piece of furniture in the de , from Mrs. gardenia 's son . the room be dark and full of shadow . faint blue light come through the win- dow . guy turn into the live room , Rosemary to the bedroom ; there be many package spread on the floor ( result of the shopping ) and a solitary vanity . Rosemary kneel , open a wooden crate , and pull out three plate from the shaving . guy come in ; she hand he the plate and start put back the shaving . we hear a woman 's voice from behind the wall . mrs . castevet ( 0.s. ) Roman ? bring I in some root beer when you come ! guy and Rosemary look at each other . : guy I do not know they be still make ma and pa kettle movie . he go back to the live room . Rosemary follow he . on she way , she stop and look toward the closet at the end of the hallway . she go to it and open it slowly . she take out one of the four board lean against the side , turn it and look at it . guy have plugge the lamp in the live room and a light come through the archway . rosemary hey , this be shelf ! Rosemary bring the shelf into the live room , put it on the floor ; they picnic on it - tuna sandwich and beer - sit on the rug . . rosemary let 's make love ! they unplug the lamp , strip and start make love . Wide -ey with fear , guy hiss . guy shh ! I hear - the trench sister chew ! Rosemary hit he on the head , hard . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 7-24-67 int . guy and rosemary's apartment - ( day ) - august 25 , 1965 Big splash of paint on the wall ; the painter be work - ing in the live room . the carpet layer unrcils carpet on the floor in the bedrocm . three workmen carry a é6 normous bed and chair in the hallway . a paper - hanger , grumble , hang wallpaper in the bedroom . Rosemary , stand on a table , hang curtain in the de . we hear the sound of a television commercial . commercial announcer ( o.s. ) discover the swinging world of yamaha ... Rosemary drop everything , jump down from the table , and hunker down in front of the television set . she wait for guy to appear . when the commercial be finish , she switch off . int . kitchen - ( dusk ) - august 30 , 1965 completely furnish and equip . Rosemary be wash - ing salad . there be preparation for dinner on the table . a large pot plant stand on the fridge and a smaller one on the floor . guy come in . Rosemary , hold she drip hand away , kiss he . she point to the large plant . rosemary from Joan and Dick jeilice . ( point to the smaller one ) from you agent . guy Alan ? stingy bastard . Rosemary turn and pick up a telegram , hold it earefully by the corner with she wet hand . she hand it to guy . rosemary from hutch . guy look at it . guy ( strike a pose ) " the bramford will change from a bad house to a good house when one of its door be mark R. and G. woodhouse . " they both collapse in laughter . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library '' 16 . | 17 . 18 . 7~2h-67 15 . int . seventh floor hallway - ( day ) . september 5 , 1965 Rosemary step out of the elevator , carry a large roll . of gingham contact paper . on the leave , the gould , & middle - age couple , be come out of a apartment door . mr . gould . ( Calling towards the elevator ) hold it , hold it , please ! they run towards the elevator , smile at Rosemary . Rosemary smile back at they , when the roiling gate close , Rosemary go to see they name on the door of they apartment . it say ; mr. and mrs . gould . Rosemary turn back in she own direction and pass the door opposite the elevator , Seven a , look for the name around the doorbell , there be no sign of any . Rosemary bend down and look at the pile of ; mail on the doorstep , there be six to eight letter , with stamp of different country , the name read : mr. R. castevet . a voice behind the decor can be heard . mrs . castevet ( 0.s. ) Terry ? where 's Terry ? Rosemary straighten up and move cn and look at the door of Seven B. there be a little geliden plate : messr . dubin and devore . int .. guy and rosemary's apartment - ( dusk ) Rosemary be in the closet at the. end of the hailway . she be stick the gingham contact paper on the top shelf . the shelf below be already finish . guy come in . Rosemary show he the shelf . rosemary look ! : uy great . they kiss . int . kitchen - ( night ) Rosemary and guy . he 's eat a sandwich , with a newspaper open at the theatrical page , and a can of beer in front of he . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library '' qo 16 . 18 . ( cont would ) rosemary I have see that peopie gould . guy mmm. rosemary and ma and pa kettle 's name be castevet . they get a lot of mail , who be ma and pa kettle anyway ? guy , read , do not answer . Rosemary waiv for a moment . rosemary guy ? guy yes , honey . rosemary oh , never mindi 19 . int . basement laundry room - ( day ) - szpsembeh 10 , 1965 prison - like with steamy brick wall , bulb in cage , and score of deep deuble sink in iron-mesh cubicle . Rosemary be sit read the ' New Yorker ! 's next to a operate machine . terry , a girl Rosemary 's age , enter . she be dark -haire and look like Anna Maria alberghetti. , Terry carry a yellow plastic laundry basket . she nod at Rosemary and then , not look at she , go to one of the machine and begin feed dirty clothes into it . Rosemary stare :..at the girl . Terry finish put in- the’ clothes , close the door , start the machine 3 the water begin to fill up . Terry turn and catch Rosemary 's look and smile questioningly . rosemary I be sorry . I think you be arna Maria alberghetti . I be sorry . Terry blushes and look at the floor . terry it 's all right . lot of people think I be Anna Maria , I do not see any resemblance . 7-2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library re ieee . 17 . 19 . ( cont would ) '' o rosemary do you know she ? terry noo Terry wipe she hand on she short and step forward , hold it out . terry I be Terry gionoffrio . Rosemary smile and shake hand . rosemary I be Rosemary woodhouse , we be new tenant here . terry I be stay with Mr. and Mrs. castevet . seventh floor , I be they guest , sort of , since June . rosemary oh , we apartment use to be the back part of yours . terry oh , for goodness ! sake , you take the old lady 's apartment ! Mrs . - rosemary gardenia . terry gardenia , she be a good friend of the castevet , she use to grow herb and thing and bring they to for Mrs. castevet to cook with . rosemary I have see that plant . terry now Mrs. castevet grow she own thing . rosemary e Excuse I , I have to put softener in . Rosemary get up and take a bottle from the laundry 7- 24 - 67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18 . cy 19 . ( cont would ) '' bag on the washer , she pour a capful of softener . Terry open the washer door . rosemary ( toss softener in ) thank you . terry what do you husband do ? cap the bottle Rosemary nod complacently . rosemary he be a actor . terry no kid ? what 's he name ? rosemary guy woodhouse . he be in " luther " and " nobody love a Albatross " and he do a lot of television . ~~ terry lu gee , I watch tv ail day long . I will bet I have see he . 1 Glass crash somewhere in the basement . terry yow . Rosemary hunch she shoulder and look uneasily toward the laundry room 's doorway . rosemary I hate this basement . terry listen , we could come down . together regular . rosemary that would be great . Terry laugh happily , seem to seek word and then , still laugh : terry eo I have get a good luck charm that will maybe do for both of we $ 7-24-67 . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library | . 19 . of 19 . ( cont would ) be - she pull away the collar of she blouse , draw out a t silver neckchain and show Rosemary on the end of it a silver filigree ball a little less than a inch in diameter . rosemary oh , that 's beautiful . terry be not it ? Mrs. castevet give it to I . it 's good luck , or anyway it 's suppose to be . there 's some stuff inside it . Rosemary look more closely at the charm Terry hold out between thumb and fingertip . it be fill with a@ greenish - brown spongy substance which press out against the silver openwork . Rosemary draw back , wrinkling she nose . Terry laugh again . terry I be not mad about the smell oo either . I hope it work . : rosemary it 's a beautiful charm . I have never see anything like it . terry european . she lean a hip against the washer and admire the ball , turn it one way and another . terry the castevet .are the most wonder - ful people in the world , bar none . they pick I up off the sidewalk - literally . rosemary you be sick ? terry I be starve and on dope and - do a lot of other thing . they be childless , I be like the daughter they never have , you know ? @ _ Rosemary nod . 7-2h.-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 . 19 . ( cont would ) terry I think at first they have some kind of sex thing they would want I to do , but they have really be like real grandparent . Terry drop . the filigree ball back into she blouse . rosemary it 's nice to know there be people like that , when you hear so much about apathy and people who be afraid of get involved . terry I would be dead now if it be not for they . that 's a absolute fact . Dead or in jail . rosemary you do not have any family that ' could have help you ? terry ( shrugge ) a brother in the navy . 20 . int . guy and rosemary's apartment - ( dusk ) guy be sit in front of the tv set eat a bag of frito . Rosemary enter with Terry . guy they sure must be clean clothes . rosemary this be Terry ... this be guy . terry hello , guy . they shake hand . Terry blushes and turn to Rosemary , flustered . terry of course I remember he . he be in - how be it call ? rosemary ( to guy ) Terry be stay with the castevet . Seven a , you know . 7-2h~67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 . ( cont would ) 2l. 7-267 1 21 . terry ' another World 's be not it ? guy be you sure it be not Donald baumgart ? terry oh , I think it be you . rosemary of course it be guy . he 's teasing you . guy and Donald be read for the same part . terry oh , I be sure you will get it . ( look round the apartment ) it 's a lovely apartment . rosemary it will be . have you see it before ? terry no. guy you know , you remind I of some ~ body . ro terry I have get to go now . the castevet eat at six . Rosemary open the door . int . hallway - ( dusk ) Rosemary walk Terry towards castevet ! apartment . the door of Seven D be open and lisa , a two - year - old girl , stand on the threshold . _ lisa what 's you name ? Rosemary bend down , smile . Terry go on . terry see you , Rosemary . lisa I be Lisa . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library oa jd al . 22 . 7-2h-67 ( cont would ) rosemary hello , Lisa . lisa do you eat you Captain crunch ? int , guy and rosemary's apartment - ( day ) - a 3 Rosemary be unwrap a tall teak wood ice bucket with a bright orange lining , on the table in the live room , hutch be walk around admire the half - furnish room , Rosemary go to hutch and kiss he , rosemary oh , hutch ! I be so ashamed , we have not have you over for dinner yet . hutch for God 's sake do not even think about entertaining , tell I , how be everything ? rosemary guy 's still audition . nothing really exciting except for commercial , which be not too bad = money - wise . hutch it cost a fortune to furnish a place nowadays . rosemary ah , and the time ... the chair be four week late . hutch typical . rosemary the neighbor certainly do not seem abnormal , except normal abnormal like homosexual , they breed Persian cat , we can have one any time we want . hutch they shed . rosemary and there 's a couple who take in this girl who be hook on drug , and they completely cure she . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 . 2h . 7-24-67 ( cont would ) hutch it sound as if you have move into sunnybrook farm , I be delighted , rosemary the basement be kind cf creepy . 1 curse you every time I go down there , int . bedroom - ( night ) guy in bed read . Rosemary in front of she vanity mirror , brush she hair , we hear a woman be voice behind the wall . mrs , castevet ( 0.s. ) but it 's impossible to be a hundred per cent sure ? tf you want my opinion , we should not teli she at ail ; that 's my opinicni the voice fade away , guy lift he head from he book ; Rosemary turn round : they both look at the wali . guy Jesus ! rosemary that must be the partition . guy pull he pajama sleeve over he hand , leave only one finger show on each hand imitate Mr. nicklas ! voice ; guy ( point ) this be . the. back . part cf. the original ' ten ' , with its master bedroom ... Rosemary , laugh , jump into the bed and clap she hand over he mouth , guy switch the lamp off , they kiss for a moment , then iift they head in surprise : there be a sound of a party , flat ummusical sing and a flute or a clarinet piping along beside it . ext , STREET - ( night ) - septenber 17 , 1965 Rosemary and guy walk along approach the bramford , the night be mild and balmy , as they get nearer they see a group of about twenty people gather in a semi-= circle at the side of a park car . ' two police car be double - park , roof light spin red . Rosemary ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library co , ce ale 24 . ( cont would ) 7-267 and guy walk faster , hand in hand , strain to get a better view . Cars on the street slow questioningly ; window scrape open in - the bramford and head look out - beside gargcyle 's head , the night doorman , toby , come from the house with a tan blanket . a policeman turn to take it from he . the roof of a volkswagen be crumpled to the side the windshield be craze with a million fracture . onlooker Dead . . 2 nd onlooker gee , do you hear that crash , wow . Rosemary and guy stand on tiptoe , craning over people ! shoulder . policeman get back now , will you ? the shoulder separate , a sport - shirt back ' move away . on the sidewalk lie Terry , watch the sky with one eye , half of she face go to red pulp . the blanket flip over she , settles , and red blotches soak through in one place and then another , Rosemary wheel , eye shut , she right hand make a automatic eross . her mouth be tightly close . guy oh , Jesus . oh my god. policeman get back , will you ? guy we know she , a second policeman turn towards they . he be forty or so and sweat , his eye be blue and beautiful , with thick , black lash , 2nd policeman what 's she name ? guy Terry . 2nd policeman Terry what ? guy ro ? what be she name ? Terry what ? ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library lan '' . 25 . 2h. ( cont would ) Rosemary open she eye and swallow , rosemary I do not remember , a italian name , guy she be stay with people name castevet ; in Seven a . énd policeman we have get that already . a third policeman come up hoid a sheet of yellow notepaper , Mr , nicklas be behind he , tight - mouth , in a raincoat over stripe pajamas . 3rd policeman short and sweet . .( handing over notepaper ) she stick it to the window sill with a band - aid , the third policeman and Mr. nicklas shake they head . the second policeman read the sheet of paper , sucke ing thoughtfully at he front tooth . 2nd policeman ( with a italian accent ) theresa gionoffrio , mr , hicklas ( to Rosemary ) do you know she ? rosemary only slightly . the second policeman open he pad hoider and put the paper inside it . he close the holder with a width of yellow stisk cut . guy put he hand on Rosemary 's back . guy come on , hon , Rosemary and guy nod to the 2nd policeman and Mr , nicklas and start towards the house , mr , nicklas here they come now , Rosemary and guy stop and turn , 7-24-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 2h . ~~ 67 266 ( cont would ) a old couple be come along the street . mrs . castevet be wrap in light blue , with snow - white dab of glove , purse , shoe and hat . nurselike she support she husband 's forearm . he be dazzle , in a every - colour seersucker jacket , red slack , a pink bow tie , and a grey fedora with a pink band , he be seventy= five or older ; she be sixty - eight or nine . they come closer with expression of young alertness , with friend - ly quizzical smile , the 2nd policeman step forward to meet they and they smile falter and fall away . Mrs. castevet say something worryingly ; mr. castevet frown and shake he head , his wide thin - lipped mouth be rosy - pink , as if lipsticked ; he cheek be chalky , he eye small and bright in deep socket , she be big - nose , with a sullen fleshy underlip , she wear pink - rimmed eyeglass on a neckchain that dip down from behind plain pearly earring . 2nd policeman be you folk the castevet on the seventh floor ? mr . castevet we be . ( dry voice that have to be listen for ) 2nd policeman you have a young woman name theresa gionoffrio live with you ? mr . castevet we do . what 's wrong ? have there be a accident ? 2nd policeman you would better brace . yourselves for some bad news , ( he wait , look at - each of they in turn ) shet dead , she kill herself . ( raising a hand the thumb point back over he shoulder ) jumped out of the window . Mr , and Mrs , castevet look at the 2nd policeman with mo change of expression at all , as if he have not speak yet ; then Mrs. castevet lean sideways , blance beyond he at the red-stain blanket . she stand straight again and look he in the eye . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 2h . ( cont would ) mrs , castevet that 's not possible . ( loud midwestern accent ) it 's a mistake . 2nd policeman ( without turn from she ) artie , would you let this people take a look , please ? Mrs. castevet march past he , she jaw set . Mr. castevet stay where he be . mr . castevet I know this would happen . she get deeply depressed every three week or so . I tell my wife but she pooh= pooh I , mrs . castevet ( come back ) that do not mean that she kill herself , she be a very happy girl with no reason for self - | destruction , she must have be clean the window or something . mr . castevet she be not clean window at midnight . mrs . castevet why not ? maybe she be ! the 2nd policeman take the yellow paper from he holder and hold it out . Mrs. castevet hesitates , then take it and turn it . round to read it . Mr. castevet tip he .. head in over she arm and read it ' too , he thin vivid lip move . 2nd policeman ' be that she handwrite ? Mrs. castevet nod . mr . castevet definitely . absolutely . the 2nd policeman hold out he hand and Mrs , castevet give he the paper . 2nd policeman thank you . I will see you get it back when we be do with it , jum 2 h b7 . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28 . 2h . ( cont would ) Mrs. castevet take off she glass , drop they on they neck -chain and cover both she eye with white - glove fingertip . : mrs . castevet I do not believe it . I just do not pelieve it . she be so happy . Mr. castevet put he hand on she shoulder , look at the ground and shake he head . 2nd policeman who be the next-of-kin ? mrs . castevet she be all alone . she do not have anyone , only we . rosemary do not she have a brother ? Mrs. castevet put on she glass and look at she . Mr. castevet look up from the ground , he deep - sockete eye glint under he hat brim . 2nd policeman do she ? rosemary she say she do . in the navy . the 2nd policeman look to the castevet . mrs . castevet it 's news to I . 2nd policeman ( to Rosemary ) do you know . where he 's station ? rosemary no , I do not . ( to castevet ) she mention he to I in the laundry room . I be posemary woodhouse . guy wetre in Seven E. rosemary I feel just the way you do , Mrs. castevet . she seem so happy and full of - of - she say 7-24-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library C ) nf 29 2h. ( cont would ) : rosemary ( cont would ) wonderful thing about you and you husband ; how grateful she be . mrs . castevet thank you . 2nd policeman you know anything about this brother except he 's in the navy ? rosemary no . mr . castevet it should be easy to find he . guy put he hand on Rosemary 's back and they begin to withdraw towards the house . rosemary I be so stunne and so sorry . guy it 's such a pity . it 's - mrs . castevet thank you . 25 . int . guy and rosemary's apartment - bedroom - cnight ) guy be asleep but Rosemary lie awake beside he , she see : Terry 's pulped face and she one eye watch the sky . ( this be the first shot lead to the dréam sequence . ) sister agnes be shaking she fist at Rosemary . sister agnes ( Mrs. castevet ! 's voice ) sometimes I wonder how come you be the leader of anything ! a bump on the other side of the wall wake Rosemary . mrs . castevet ( 0.s. ) and please do not tell I what Laura - Louise say because I be not interested ! Rosemary turn over and burrow into she pillow . 7-24-87 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . 26 . int . dream sequence ( 7 ) set in a composite of we Lady 's School , uncle Mike 's body ' shop and the candy counter in the orpheum cinema . mason be brick up the window . sister agnes be furious . she squeeze she piggy - eye and shout . sister agnes if you would listen to I , we would not have have to do this ! ( she point to the window ) we would have be all set to go now in - stead of start all over from scratch ! uncle mike try to hush she . other sister and girl be stand a little apart listen to the argument . sister agnes I tell you not to tell she anything in advance . ( she point at sister veronica who stand with she head lower ) I tell you she would not be open-minded . y unele Mike look questioningly at Rosemary . Rosemary start to explain to he in a hushed voice . rosemary I tell sister Veronica about the window and she withdraw the school from the competition . otherwise we would have win . unele Mike look at sister Veronica questioningly who spread she hand out wide in a helpless gesture . by this time we be already in uncle Mike 's body shop . sister agnes ( shout ) anybody ! anybody $ all she have to be be young , healthy , and not a virgin . she do not have to be a no-good - drug - addict whore out of the gutter . unele Mike be shocked . Rosemary turn and she be at the candy counter with the other child . 27 . int . kitchen - ( day ) ~ september 20 , 1965 e Rosemary be wash the vegetable . the bell ring . she go to the door and look through the peephole . 7=-2h.-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 7-24-67 3l . ( cont would ) Mrs , castevet , white hair in curler under a blue - and - white kerchief , look solemnly straight ahead as if pose for a photograph . Rosemary open the door . rosemary hello . how be you ? mrs , castevet Fine , ( she smile bleakly ) May I come in for a minute ? rosemary yes , of course ; please do . Rosemary hold the door wide open . Mrs , castevet come in , she wear toreador pants ; she hip and thigh be massive , slabbed with wide band of fat . the pants aré lime ~green under a blue blouse ; the blade of a screwdriver poke from she hip pocket . they stop between the doorway of the de and the kitchen , Mrs , castevet put on she neckchain glass and smile at Rosemary . mrs , castevet I just . come over to thank you for say that nice thing . to we the other night . rosemary please , there 's no reason - = mrs , castevet poor Terry . we think maybe we have fail she in some way , although she note make it crystal clear we have not , youtll never know how helpful it be , in such a shock moment . so ' I do thank you . Roman do too . Roman be my hubby . Rosemary duck she head in concession , rosemary you be welcome , I be glad I help . mrs . castevet she be cremate yesterday . now we have to forget and go on , it will not be easy . we do not have child of we own . do you have any ? ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32 . 27 . ( cont would ) rosemary no , we do not . — Mrs. castevet look into the kitchen . she point to the pan hang on the wall . mrs . castevet oh , that 's nice . and look how you put the table , be not that interesting . rosemary it be in a magazine . mrs . castevet Nice paint job . ' Mrs. castevet finger the door jamb appraisingly and turn to look into the de . mrs . castevet oh , that 's nice . a t.v. room . rosemary it 's only temporary . it 's go to be a nursery . mrs . castevet ( look at she ) be you pregnant ? rosemary not yet , but I hope to be , as soon as we be settle . mrs . castevet that 's wonderful . you be young and healthy ; you ought . to have lot of child . rosemary we plan to have three . mrs . castevet I be die to see what you have do to this apartment . the woman who have it before be a dear friend of mine . rosemary I know . ( lead she to the live room ) Terry tell I . 722-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . ( cont would ) 336 mrs . castevet oh , do she ? you two have some long talk together in the laundry room . rosemary only one . the live room startles Mrs. castevet . mrs . castevet my goodness ! it look so much brighter . what do you pay for a chair like that ? rosemary ( disconcert ) I be not sure . I think it be about two hundred dollar . mrs . castevet you do not mind my ask do you ? ( she tap she nose ) that 's how I get a big nose , by be nosy . 28 . int . kitchen - ( day ) Rosemary and Mrs. castevet be sit have coffee and cake . 72-67 mrs . castevet I know it ! ( check price on the can of soup and oyster ) : ' I say it to Roman . yesterday . het so good -look ! what movie be . he in ? rosemary no movie , he be in two play call ' luther 't and ' nobody love a Albatross ! and he do a lot of television and radio . mrs . castevet listen , Rosemary , I have get a two ‘inch thick sirloin steak sit defrost right this minute . why do not you and guy come over and have supper with we tonight , what do you say ? ( dont inue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library J ne 28 . ( cont would ) rosemary oh , no . we could not , mrs . castevet why not ? rosemary this be very kind but really -- mrs . castevet it would be a big help to we . Mrs. castevet look into she lap , then look up at Rosemary with a hard - to- carry smile . mrs . castevet this will be the first night we will be alone since - rosemary ( lean forward feelingly ) if you be sure it wontt be trouble for you . mrs . castevet honey , if it be trouble I would not ask you . : rosemary I will have to check with guy , but you go ahead and count on we . mrs , castevet ( stand up ) listen ! you tell he I will not take no for .an answer} Mrs. castevet move toward the door , Rosemary accom - pany she . Mrs. castevet reach the door and open it herself . mrs . castevet oh , here 's you mail , dear . ( she pick it up ) ad , : 29 . int , guy and rosemary's apartment - ( day ) guy come in , kiss Rosemary and go straight into the live room . Rosemary go into the kitchen . guy call out from the live room . 7-2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 356 o 29 . ( cont would ) guy Donald baumgart get that part . the live room carry a sandwich and a glass of beer which she give to guy , sit in the new chair . rosemary it 's a bad play anyway . Rosemary do not answer immediately . she come into | guy even if it fold out of town , it 's the kind of part that get notice . guy open the corner of he sandwich , look in bitterly , close it , and start eat . | rosemary | : Mrs. castevet be here . to thank I for what I say about Terry . she 's the nosiest person I have ever see , she actually ask the price of thing . guy no kid . Rosemary kneel on the floor between the bay window , draw a line on brown paper with crayon and a yard - stick and then measure the depth of the window seat . rosemary she invite we to have dinner with they . ( she look at guy ) I tell she itd have to check with you , but that it would probably be okay . guy ah , Jesus , ro , we do not want to do that , do we ? rosemary I think they be lonely . guy honey , if we get friendly with a old couple like that we be never go to get they off we neck . they be right e across the wall ! 7-2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library a nu 366 29 . ( cont would ) rosemary ' I tell she she could count on use guy : I think you tell she you have to check first . rosemary I do , but I tell she she could count on we too . guy well , it 's not my night for be kind to ma and - pa kettle , I be sorry , honey . rosemary all right , I will tell she . Rosemary draw another line with the crayon and the yardstick . guy finish he sandwich . guy you do not have to sulk about it . rosemary itm not sulk . I see exactly what you mean . guy oh , hell , we will go . rosemary no , no , what for ? guy we will goe rosemary we do not have - to if you do not . want toe that sound so phony but I really mean it , really I do . guy it will be my good deed for the day . rosemary only if you want to . and we will make it clear that it 's only this one time and not the beginning of any - thing . right ? guy right . 7=2h-67 * script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . 376 ine , hallway ~ ( dusk ) 's guy and Rosemary at the castevet 's door . guy ring 31 , 72h 67 the bell , the slevator behind they clang open and mr . devore come out carry a suit swathed in cleaner 's plastic , he smile and unlock the door of Seven B next to . they . mr . devore you be in the wrong place , be not you ? Rosemary and guy make friendly laugh , Mr , devore let himself in , call out . mr . devore me3 as the door be ajar we get a glimpse of a black sideboard and red and gold wallpaper , Mrs , castevet open the door , she be powder and rouge and smile broadly . she be wear light green silk with a frill pink apron . mrs , castevet perfect timing } ! come on inj Roman 's make vodka blushes . my , I be glad you could come , guy ! I be fix to tell people I know you when } guy and Rosemary laugh and exchange glance . they enter , int . castevet' apartment = ( dusk ) a.large foyer with a rectangular table set for four . it : - have an-embroidered white cloth , plate that dontt all match , and bright rank of ornate silver , ' the room be oddly furnish ; at the fireplace end there be . a settee , a lamp table and a few chair , at the opposite end a office- like clutter of file cabinet , bridge table pile with newspaper , overfil book - shelf and a typewriter on a metal stand . there be clean square on the wall as if picture have . be remove . . Mrs. castevet show they across the brown carpet and seat they on the settee ; Mr. castevet come in , hold ~ ing in both hand a small tray on which four cocktail glass run over with clear pink liquid . stare at the rim of the giass he shuffles forward across the ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 . 7 ~ ayn 67 386 ( cont a ) carpet , look as if with every step he will trip and fall disastrously . Mr , castevet be wear black loafer with tassel , gray slack , a white blouse , i and a blue and gold stripe ascot . mr . castevet I seem to have overfil the glass . no , no , do not get up . please , gen - erally I pour this out precisely as a bartender , do not I , minnie ? mrs . castevet just watch the carpet . mr . castevet but this evening I make a little too much and rather ... I be afraid ... there we be , please , sit down , Mrs , woodhouse ? Rosemary take the glass , thanks he and sit , Mrs. castevet quickly put a paper cocktail napkin in she lap . mr . castevet Mr. woodhouse ? a vodka blush . have you ever taste one ? guy ( fake one and sit ) noo mr . castevet minnie . rosemary '' it look delicious . Rosemary smile vividly as she. wipe the. base of she glass . mr . castevet they be very popular in Australia . Mr. castevet take the final glass and raise it to Rosemary and guy . mr . castevet to we guest , welcome to we home . Mr. castevet drink , cock he head critically , one eye partway close , the tray at he side drip on the carpet . ( continue ) po script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library not 31 . 7-24-67 39 . ( cont would ) mrs , castevet '' ( cough in mid-swallow ) the carpet ! Mrs , castevet choke and point at the carpet , Mr. castevet look down , then hold the tray up un - certainly . mr , castevet oh , dear . Mrs. castevet thrust aside she drink , hurry to she knee and lay a paper napkin carefully over the wetness . ~ mrs . castevet brand - new carpet . this man be so clumsy ! rosemary do you come from Australia ? mr , castevet oh no , ( sitting and crossing he leg ) I be from right here in New York City . I have be there though . I have be everywhere , literaily . ( he sip the vodka blush , one hand on he knee ) you name a place and I have be there . go ahead . name a place . guy fairbank , Alaska . mr . castevet I have be there , live be all over Alaska ; fairbank , juneau , anchorage , nome , seward ; I spend four month there in 138 . mrs , castevet where be you foik from ? ( fix the fold at the bosom of she dress ) rosemary I be from omaha , guy be from Baltimore , ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 . ( cont would ) 32 . '' % =2h=67 mr , castevet omaha be a good city . Baltimore be too , rosemary do you travel . for business ? mr , castevet Business and pleasure both . I be seventy - nine and I have be go one place or another since I be ten . you name it , I have be there . a bell ping in the kitchen . mrs . castevet Steak 's ready . ( stand up , glass in she hana ) do not rush you drink now ; Roman , take you pill . int . castevet' apartment ~ ( dusk ) guy , Rosemary , Mr. and Mrs. castevet be sit at the table , eat . mr . castevet no Pope ever visit a city where the newspaper be on strike , mrs , castevet I hear he 's go to postpone and wait till it 's over . guy well , that 's show biz . Mr. and Mrs. castevet laugh , guy along with they . Rosemary smile and cut she steak , it be difficult to cut , and flanke by peas and mashed potato . from she expression we can gather it do not taste good either . mr . castevet ( still laugh ) that 's just what it be . the costume , the ritual . mrs . castevet I think we be offend : Rosemary . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library / '' ~ a ia . 32 . ( go would ) rosemary no , no , not at all . mr . castevet you be not religious , my dear , be you ? rosemary I be bring up a Catholic , now I do not know . mrs . castevet ( to Rosemary ) you look uncomfortable . Mrs. castevet stand up and start to collect the empty plate . rosemary well , he be the Pope . mr . castevet you do not need to have respect for he because he pretend he be holy . guy good point . mrs , castevet when I think what they spend on robe and jewel . Mrs. castevet serve the dessert ; Boston cream pie . mr . castevet a good picture of the hypocrisy behind organize religion be give , I think , in ' luther ' . do you ever get to play the . lead part , guy ? guy me? no. mr . castevet be not you Albert finney 's understudy ? guy now we can see from Rosemary 's expression that the Boston cream pie be not too good . she look at guy but he be eat away avidiy . t-2h-67 { continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42 , ony 32 . ( cont would ) } mr , castevet ' that 's strange , I remember be strike by a gesture you make and check in the program to see who you be . guy what gesture do you mean ? mr , castevet I be not sure now ; a movement of you = guy I use to do a thing with my arm when luther have the fit a sort of involun - tary reach = mr . gastevet that 's it { it have a wonderful au - thenticity to it . guy oh , come on now , mr , castevet oh no , I , mean it . guy that make two of we . guy laugh but he be pleased , he cast a bright ~ eye glance at Rosemary , she smile back . ur . castevet hold out the Boston cream pie towards uy . mrs , castevet guy ? guy oh yes , please , Rosemary look in surprise at cuy who be help he - self to the dessert . mr . castevet my father be a theatrical producer , my early year be spend in the company of such people as Mrs. fiske , forbe -robertson , modjeska , . you have a most interesting inner @ quality , guy . it appear in you television work toc , and it should 7-24-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library fp 43 . mo 32 , ( cont would ) ( — mr , castevet ( cont 'd ) carry you very far indeed ; provide , of course , that you get that initial ' preak ' , be you prepare for a show now ? guy I be up for a couple of part , mr . castevet I can not believe that you will not get they . guy I can . 33 . int , kitchen - ( night ) it open off the foyer , it 's small and it have the : miniature greenhouse , which stand on a large white table near the one window , gooseneck lamp with | bright bulb lean over it with a blind white light , ) reflect in the glass . in the remain space the sink , stove and refrigerator stand close together with cabinet jutting out on all side above they , Mrs , castevet stand at the sink 's wash up . Rosemary stand beside she drying . the pile of clean dish beside she indicate that they have be in the kitchen for some time , while drying a dish , Rosemary turn and look at the greenhouse , rosemary iid like to have a spice garden some day . I be a country girl at heart . mrs , castevet do you come from a big family ? rosemary Three brother and two sister . mrs , castevet be you sistevs marry ? rosemary yes , they be , Mrs , castevet push a soapy sponge up and down inside a dinner glass . she be a slow and thorough washer , Rosemary have to wait each time , towel in hand , for be the next piece . 7=2h.<67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library a y Une on 33 . ( cont would ) ( > mrs . castevet do they have child ? rosemary one have two and the other have four , mrs . castevet well , there 's a chance you will have lot of child too . rosemary oh , we be fertile , all right . I have get twenty niece and nephew , mrs . castevet my goodness } . ( handing Rosemary the glass ) rosemary ( put the glass on shelf ) would you like I to wash and you wipe for a while ? | '' ) : mrs , castevet ol no , this be fine , dear , Rosemary look outside the door , she can see only the | end of the live rcom that have bridge table and file cabinet . Mr. castevet and guy be out of sight . a plane of blue cigarette smoke lie motionless in the air . mrs . castevet Rosemary ? Rosemary turn . Mrs , castevet , smile , hold : out a wet plate in a green rubber - glove hand . bhe int , live room - ( night ) Mr. castevet and guy be sit face each other on the settee . guy be look at Mr. castevet , fascin - ated , they smoke for the moment in silence , Rosemary appear in the doorway . mr . castevet take Kennedy for example . do you think it could have be a plot of @ some kind ? 7-2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . a 3h. ( cont would ) Mrs. castevet come past Rosemary into the room , mrs , castevet now Roman , you stop bend guy 's ear with you modjeska storey , he 's only listen ' cause he 's polite . guy no , it 's interesting , Mrs. castevet . mr , castevet } you see ? mrs , castevet i ( to guy ) . minnie , I be minnie and he 's Roman , : ‘okay ? ( look mock -defiantely at Rosemary ) okay ? guy okay , minnie . 35 . int . hallway outside the castevet' apartment - ( night ) Rosemary and guy go along the hallway and the door close behind they , they both give relieved sigh , look at each other and laugh . guy naow Roman , yew stop bendin ' guy 's ee-yur with they thar mojestky sto-ree / laugh , Rosemary hush he , they run hand in hand on ultra-quiet tiptce to they own door , 36 . int . guy and rosemary's apartment - ( night ) Rosemary and guy slam , lock , bolt and chain the door ; guy nai ?s it over with imaginary beam , push up three imaginary boulder , hoist a imaginary draw - bridge , mop he brow and pants while Rosemary bend over double and laugh into both hand . guy about that steak . rosemary oh my ged the pie ! how do you i . eat two piece ? it be weird ! 7~2h—67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library jo2h=67 : | i ) 36 . ( cont would ) | 46 . guy pretend that he be go to vomit and run to the bedroom . Rosemary work she foot against the floor to unshoe rosemary only three dinner plate that match .» guy ( indicating wall ) shhh -- rosemary ( whisper ) eoeand all that beautiful , beautiful silver . guy : let 's be nice ; maybe they ' 11 will it to we . rosemary guess what they have get in the bathroom . guy a bidet . rosemary ' joke for the joh no. guy no . rosemary ( shuck off she dress ) a book on a hook . right next to the toilet . guy smile and shake he head . he begin take out he cufflink , stand beside the armoire . . guy Roman 's storey be pretty damn interesting , actually . I would never even hear of forbe -robertson before . ( work at the second link , have trouble with it ) ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47 . C ) 36 . ( cont would ) oe guy ( cont would ) itm go to go over there again tomorrow night and hear ' some more . rosemary ( look at he , disconcert ) you be ? guy he ask I . ( holding out he hand ) can you get this off for I ? Rosemary go to he and work at the link , feel suddenly lose and uncertain . rosemary : I think we be go to do something with Dick and Joan jellico . guy : be that definite ? on rosemary vj it be not definite . guy ( shrugge ) wetll see they next week . Rosemary get the link out and hold it in she palm . guy take it . . guy thanks . you do not have to come along if you do not want to ; you can stay here . rosemary I think I will . stay here . Rosemary go to the bed and sit down . guy he know Henry Irving too . really interesting . rosemary ( unhook she stocking ) @ why do they take down the picture . 72-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library mar 36 . ( cont would ) guy what do you mean ? rosemary they picture ; they take they down , there be hook in the wall and clean place , and the one picture that be there do not fit . guy ( look at she ) I do not notice . | 37 . — int . guy and rosemary's apartment = ( dusk ) - 9 Rosemary put a record on , pick up a book , sit on the new couch , put up she foot and open the book . the doorbell ring . she remain motionless for a moment . then , close the book , get up and go to the door . it 's Mrs. castevet and another woman , short , plump '' and smile , with a Buckley - for - Mayor button on the shoulder of she green dress . mrs , castevet hi , dear , we be not bother you , be we ? this be my dear friend Laura - Louise mcburney , who life up on tweive . Laura -louise , this be guy 's wife Rosemary . LAURA -louise hello , Rosemary , welcome to the bram ! mrs . castevet Laura - Louise just meet guy and she want to meet you too . can we come in ? with resign good grace Rosemary show they into the : live room . Mrs , castevet indicate a new couch . mrs , castevet oh , be not it beautiful rosemary it come this morning . @ mrs , castevet be you all right , dear . you look wear . t= 2467 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37 . 7-2 - 67 9 . ( cont would ) rosemary iim fine . ( smiling ) it 's the first day of my period . laura-louise and you be up and around ? ( sitting ) on my first day I experience such pain that I cculd not move or eat or anything . Dan have to give I gin through a straw to kill the pain . mrs . castevet Girls today take thing more in they stride . ( sitting ) they be healthier than we be , thanks to vitamin and better medical care . both woman have identical green sewing bag and , to Rosemary 's surprise , they open they now . Mrs. castevet take out darn and Laura - Louise take out crochet . mrs . castevet what 's that : over there ? seat cover ? rosemary cushion for the window seat . Rosemary stand for a moment undecidedly . she sit uneasily , try to find a comfortable position . mrs . castevet oh , before I forget . this be for you . from Roman and I . Mrs. castevet hand Rosemary a small packet of pink tissue paper . rosemary for I ? mrs . casvevet it 's ist a little present be all . Quick hand - wave ) for move in . rosemary but there 's no reason ... Rosemary unfold the leave of use - before tissue paper . within the pink be Terry 's silver filigree ( continue script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library | 50 . of ~ 37 . . ( cont would ) ball - charm and its cluster - together neckchain . she pull she head away . mrs , castevet it 's real old . over three hundred year . Rosemary hold the ball between she thumb and finger - tip like Terry do . she stare at it for a moment . rosemary it 's lovely . mrs , castevet . the green inside be call tannis root . it 's good luck , rosemary it 's lovely , but I can not accept such a = mrs . castevet you already have . Mrs. castevet darn a brown sock not look at a Rosemary . mrs . castevet | , put it on . | LAURA -louise you will get use to the smell before you . know it . mrs . castevet go on . rosemary well , thank .. you . Rosemary uncertainly put the chain over she head and tuck the ball into the collar of she dress , 38 . int , guy and rosemary's apartment - ( night ) guy open the door of the apartment , come in and go into the live room . the woman be seat in different position as before , Rosemary be sewing the cushion cover and there 's a tray with coffee pot and cup on the table . guy say @ hello to the woman and , by Rosemary 's chair , bend and kiss she cheek . he be quiet and a little self - contain . 7- 2h -67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library _~ 51 . 38 . ( cont would ) mrs , castevet eleven ? my land '' come on , Laura - loulse . LAURA -louise come and visit I any time , you want , Rosemary ; I be in tweive f. the two woman close they sewing bag and leave quickly . rosemary be he storey as interesting as last night ? guy ' yes . do you have a nice time ? rosemary all right . I get a present . she show he the charm , rosemary it be Terry 's . guy no kid } it 's pretty though . Rosemary lift the chain off over she head and hold it out between two finger , the ball dangle at the : end of the chain . guy be not you go to wear it ? rosemary it smell .. there 's stuff in it call tannis’ root . from she green - house . guy smell it , and shrug . guy it '« not bad . Rosemary go into the bedroom and as she open a drawer in the vanity , she catch she reflection in the mirror . she lean towards it and call : rosemary tannis , anyone ? 7-2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52.4 a 38 . ( cont would ) . guy / if you take it , you ought to wear it . Rosemary turn ; guy be lean against the door frame instead of answer Rosemary open a tin Louis sherry box in the drawer , put the charm in the box , . close it and close the drawer . 39 . int , bedroom - ( night ) Rosemary wake up and find guy beside she smoking in the dark . rosemary what 's the matter ? guy nothing . a moment of silence , then she touch he arm . rosemary do not worry . ) cuy ae about whet ? rosemary about anything . guy all right . I will not . rosemary 2 you be the great . you know ? and - it 's go to come out right . guy smile in the giow of he cigarette . rosemary any day now . something big . something worthy of you . guy I know . go to sleep , honey . rosemary okay . watch the cigarette . guy @ I will . 7 -2 - 67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . . ( cont would ) set the rosemary I love you . guy I love you , ro. yo . int , live room = ( day ) = september 25 , 1965 guy hold out a pair of theatre ticket to Rosemary . guy here , this be for the " fantasticks " , Alan Stone give they to I so why do not you call hutch or somebody and go and see it , rosemary be not you go to see it with I ? guy I see it age ago . ql . int . taxi - drive along a avenue - ( night ) elise dunstan and Rosemary , dress for the theatre in she summer silk coat , sit in the back . ' there be a fat , old driver listen to they conversation . elise dunstan this be a break for I to get away from my three monster . rosemary that 's what we be go to have . Three , two year apart . elise dunstan you be not pregnant , be you ? rosemary I wish I be , elise , guy be " not ready yet " , elise dunstan well - rosemary I be afraid he will never be ready , until he 's like marion brando and @ Richard burton put together . 7-24-67 '' ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library to ae she c kl . ( cont would ) , they giggle . elise dunstan all man feel the same way . you have plenty of time . rosemary . I have my little plan . I be go to get pregnant by accident . elise dunstan be you take pill ? , Rosemary shake she head . rosemary I tell guy they give I a head - ache , and the rubber gadget be repulsive . so he study the calendar like mad . but I will get he anyway . ( they laugh ) the Driver look in the mirror and grin . elise dunstan you must not do that , rosie , it 's a terrible thing to do to a man . rosemary ( smiling ) it 's a contest between we . elise dunstan Contest ? he do not know he 's engage in it . ext . theatre - ( night ) the taxi stop in front of a theatre , there be a big illuminate sign with " the fantasticks " and the name of artist . elise dunstan and Rosemary get out of the cab and turn to pay the fare . the Driver have a good look at Rosemary . . driver @ : . lot 'sa luck , lady . Rosemary and elise dunstan go into the theatre . '' 732h67 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . 43 . int . guy and rosemary's apartment - ( night ) Rosemary , take off she silk coat , go into the bathroom . guy be get out of the shower , wrapping himself in a towel , he kiss Rosemary vivaciously . guy how be it ? rosemary wonderful , wonderful . you work on you scene ? guy yes , I have get it down cold . Rosemary sniff . '' rosemary damn that tannis root . it 's even in here . resemary go to the Kitchen ( toss she coat on the way into the bedroom ) . rosemary ( 0.s. ) ( Calling ) elise say that Joan and Dick jellico be separate . guy no kid . Rosemary come back with some aluminum foil , and a deodorant bomb . rosemary lucky they do not have child . X she take the charm out of the Louis sherry box , wind it in a tight triple wrapping and twist . the end to seal it . guy , come into the bedroom , drying he hair with a towel . guy . it will probably lose its strength in a few day . rosemary it better , if not , I ?ll throw it away . ; coe as Rosemary put the wrap charm back in the box , @ . stand behind she , guy unzip she dress - and pull it off she shoulder ; he start kissing she neck .. we 7-2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56 . ( be ( go 1a ) | } | hear a party in progress behind the wall ; flat un - | . musical chanting , with a flute or clarinet underneath | ' . a : it . ! ' ' * mpe int , hallway - ( day ) - september 29 , 1965 guy 1s painting the inside of the guest closet red . phere be several brushes , can of paint and paint remover . yg int . live room - ( day ) Rosemary try different arrangement with chair . the telephone ring in the bedroom . Rosemary make a involuntary move to answer it , through the arch - way she see guy , can of paint remover in he hand , run to get to the phone . guy ( 0.8 . ) ( quickly ) yes ? this be he . ( Long silence ) oh , God , no . oh , the poor guy . Rosemary go to the bedroom door ; guy be sit on the bed , the phone in one hand and a can of Red Devil paint remover in the other , he do not look at Rosemary . ' guy and they do not have any idea what 's cause it ? my God , that 's awful , just awful . guy straighten up , listen . guy , yes I be . ( listen ) yes , I would . I would hate to get it this way , but I - ( listen again ) well , you would have to speak to my agent about that end of it . ( listen ) Alan Stone , but I be sure there will not be any problem , Mr. Weiss , not as far as we be concerned . @ Rosemary , stand in the doorway , hold she breath , wait . 72-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 576 4s . ( cont would ) guy thank you , Mr. Weiss . guy hang up and shut he eye . he sit motionless , he hand stay on the phone . he be pale and dumny - like , a pop Art wax statue with real clothes and prop , real phone , real can of paint remover , rosemary guy ? he open he eye and look at she . rosemary what be it ? guy blink and come alive . guy Donald baumgart . he 's go blind . he wake up yesterday and - he can not see . rosemary oh no . they look painfully at each other . ' guy ive get the part . it 's hell of a way to get it . guy look at the paint remover in he hand and put it on the night table . guy | listen , I have get to get out and walk around . rosemary I understand , go ahead . Rosemary stand back from the doorway . guy go out , down the hall , out the door , close it behind he . Rosemary go into the live room and sit down . she lean with arm fold on she knee , think . she remain motionless for a moment , then pronounce slowly , taste the name . rosemary baumgart . Donald baum o.oo she look at the window , stand up and go quickly to it . she open the window and look down at the quiet street . 7-24-67 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library cy 46 . u7 . 7-2h-67 58. int . live room - ( day ) = september 30 , 1965 guy be sit in a easy chair , cigarette between he finger . he be motionless but he eye follow rosemazy as she vacuum clean the room . she work thoroughly , gradually move toward the door , after she have dis - appear into the hall , the SOUND of the cleaner stop . guy , still in the same position , slowly lift the cig - arette to he mouth , Rosemary come back without the cleaner . she walk slowly towards guy and stand silently in front of he . they look at each other . rosemary what 's wrong ? guy nothing . do not you have you sculpture class today ? rosemary I have not go in two month . guy why do not you go ? int . kitchen - ( day ) - cctsbir 2 , 1965 Rosemary come in , she coat still on and carry a shopping bag . there be rose in a vase 'on the table . Rosemary put down the shopping bag and go in sur - prise to examine they , she inhale they scent . take off she coat , she go into the live room . there be rose there also . guy come in from the bedroom , one rise in he hand , and kiss she . guy I have be a creep . it 's from worry beumgart would regain he sight , rat that I be . rosemary that 's natural , you be bound to feel two way about - guy lift the rise to she nose , then he turn and walk toward the Kitchen . Rosemary follow he . guy listen , even if I be mister yamaha for the rest of my day , I be go to stop give you the short end of the stick . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ( '' ) 59 . 47 . ( cont would ) wee 49 . 7-24-67 rosemary you have not - guy yes , I have . I have be too busy tear my hair out over my career , let 's have a baby , okay ? et 's have three , one at a time . Rosemary look at he . guy a baby . yeu know , goo , goo ? diaper ? waa , waa ? rosemary do you mean it ? guy sure I mean it ; I even figure out the right time to start . look} guy turn towards the calendar hang on the wall . there be two day encircle with a red pencil . he tap they with he finger . rosemary ( tear in she eye ) you really mean it , guy ? guy no , I be kid . sure I mean it . look , Rosemary , for God 's sake do not cry , all right ? please . rosemary all right . int . kitchen - ( day ) ~ october 4 , 1965 Rosemary be wash salad . there be other thing on the table ready to be cook , the tv set have be move so that she can see it while work . she be watch the Pope 's visit in New York , and listen to the newscaster . int . bedroom - ( night ) Rosemary be sit at she vanity , dress in burgundy silk loung pajamas , she make up she eye , powder ( gontinue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library cy 50 . 7-267 60 . us. ( conta ) she face and perfume herself . she hear the front door open off - screen and go out into the hallway . guy have just come into the apartment . Rosemary meeta he and they kiss . . guy mmm , you look good encugh to eat . damnt rosemary what ? . guy I forget the pie . rosemary it 's all right . guy I pass two of that damn retail store ; not one but two . . rosemary we can have fruit and cheese , that 's the best dessert anyway , really . guy it be not ; horn and hardart pump ~ kin ple be . guy start to undress ; go into the bathroom . int , live room - ( night ) the table be set for dinner , Rosemary and guy be drink cocktail . and eat stuff mushroom , guy put crumpled newspaper . and stick of . kindling on the fireplace graté , and two big chunks of cannel coal . guy here go nothing . he strike a match and light the paper . it flame high and catch the kindling . Dark smoke begin spilling out over the front of the mantel and up toward the ceiling . guy grope inside the fireplace , be good grief ! rosemary the paint , the paint} ( continue ) '' script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library sl. '' , 7-267 x61 . a 80 , ( Contra ) guy get the flue open ; and the air conditioner draw out the smoke . oe '' guy nobody , but nobody have a fire tonight . Rosemary kneel , with she drink , and stare into 's the apit flame - wrap coal . . ~ rosemary be not it gorgeous ? I hope we have the coldest winter ever , guy put on a record . int , live room - ( night ) Rosemary and guy be at the dining table . eat swor fish , the doorbell ring . . guy oht+.no! he get up , ' toss down he napkin , go out . Rosemary cock she head and listen . we hear the : de open off screen and Mrs. castevet 's voice say 'h ! guy ! the rest be unintelligible . - Rosemary lift she eye to heaven , oe rosemary oh , nol = 7 ~ ( whisper ) '' do not let she in .... not tonight . off screen dialogue continue . now guy speak ; the Mrs , castevet again . only a few word be intellig tt . , extra , we do not need they " , guy again and Mr : castevet again . Rosemary holda in she breath . we hear the door be close and chain , . rosemary good ! we hear the ' bolt draw . rosemary good '' guy appear ' in the archway , smile smugly , with bot hand behind he back . ( cont inue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62 . 51 . ( cont would ) guy who say there 's nothing to esp ? he come towards the table and bring forth he hand with two white custard cup sit one on each palm . guy Madame and monsieur shall have ze dessairt after all . he puts.one cup by Rosemary 's wine glass and the other by he own . the cup be fill with peak swirl of chocolate . one. top with a sprinkle of chop nut . the other with a half walnut . guy mousse au chocolat ( sitting ) or ' chocolate mouse ' , as minnie eall it . Rosemary laugh happily . guy replace he napkin and pour more wine . rosemary I be afraid she would stay all evening . guy no , she just want we to try it , seein ' as how it 's one of she speci-al -ity . rosemary it 's sweet of she , really . we should not make fun of she . guy you be right . youtre right . guy and Rosemary start eat the chocolate mousse . rosemary it 's good . at the second spoonful , she pause aud look at guy but he be busy eat . rosemary it have a undertaste . guy look up at Rosemary . guy mmm ? 7-24-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63. 51 . ( cont would ) rosemary a chalky undertaste . guy roll the mousse on he palate , cock he head . guy I do not get it . after a few swallow , Rosemary put down she spoon . guy that 's silly , honey , there 's no ' tundertaste ' , rosemary there be . guy come on , the old bat slave all day ; eat it . rosemary but I do not like it . guy it 's delicious . rosemary you can have mine . guy all right , do not eat it . there 's always something wrong . rosemary oh - if it 's go to turn into a big scene - she take a full spoonful of mousse and thrust it into she mouth . guy look , if you really can not stand it , do not eat it . rosemary delicious . ( take another spoonful ) no undertaste at all . turn the record over . guy get up and go to the record player . Rosemary double she napkin in she lap and plop a few spoon - ful of the mousse into it . she fold the napkin ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library on 64 . sl. ( cont would ) close and then showily scrape clean the inside of the cup and swallow down the scrapping as guy come '' back to the table . rosemary there , daddy . ( tilting the cup toward he ) do I get a gold star ? guy two of they . I be sorry if I be stuffy . rosemary you be . guy I be sorry . he smile and kiss she . 52 . int . kitchen - ( night ) Rosemary scrape the uneaten mousse from she napkin into the waste bin . the water be run into the sink . we hear the sound of television from the other room . a sudden wave of dizziness make she sway for a moment , then blink and frown . guy ( 0.s. ) the Pope at yankee Stadium . Christ , what a mob ! rosemary good . she .. shake she head to clear the dizziness , then roll the napkin up inside the tablecloth and put the bundle aside . she turn the water off and load the dirty dish into the full sink . she dry she hand on the kitchen towel ard as she hang it up , another wave of dizziness max she swivel and hang on to the edge of the sink . this time it last longer . rosemary oh boy ! she straighten up and make it to the doorway of the de . she keep she foot with difficulty by hold on to the knob with one hand and the jamb with the other . 72-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 656 52 . ( cont would ) 536 5k. 7-24-67 guy stand up anxiously . guy what be it ? rosemary dizzy . guy snap off the tv , come to she , take she arm and hold she surely around the waist . guy no wonder , all that booze . you probably have a empty stomach , too , he help she towards the bedroom but she leg buckle . he catch she up and carry she , he put she down on the bed and sit beside she , take she hand and stroking she forehead sympathetically . Rosemary close she eye . ext . dream sequence - ( day ) the bed be a raft float on gentle ripple . rosemary Nice , ( 0.s. ) sleep be what you need , int . bedroom = ( night ) guy be sit beside Rosemary stroking she forehead , guy a good night 's sleep . rosemary we have to make a baby . guy we will . tomorrow , there 's plenty of time . rosemary just a nap . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library CO 55 . 56 . 57 . 7-267 ext , dream sequence = ( day ) large yacht . Rosemary be sit with a drink in she hand . it be sunny and breezy . the skipper be unrol a large map to plot the course , he be hutch now and be give terse and know instruction to a negro mate ( Elevator Operator ) , guy 's hand take off the top of Rosemary 's pajamas . rosemary why be you take they off ? int , bedroom = ( night ) guy be take off the top of Rosemary 's pajamas , guy to make you more comfortable . rosemary I be comfortable . a guy sleep . ro. guy undoe the snap at the side and slowly draw off the bottom of Rosemary 's pajamas . ext .-int , dream sequence = ( ? ) back on the yacht . guy be hold the leg of Rosemary 's pajamas and pull they away from she . Rosemary . try to hide she nudity ; she look around and see other lady on the yacht . they be wear bikinis = so be Rosemary . the skipper be in he navy . uniform , hutch be stand on the dock with armload of weather - forecasting equipment . Rosemary come to the skipper and ask he very quietly - in dream sequence everybody speak quietly . rosemary be not hutch come with we ? skipper Catholic only . ( smiling ) I wish we be not bound by this prejudice , but.unfortunaely - ( spread he arm ) ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Z _ co 57 . 67 . ( cont would ) Rosemary turn , there be she family : ma , pa , child we have see in the previous dream , several pregnant woman . . guy be take off . Rosemary 's wedding ring . she look surprised then she close she eye , rosemary sleep . set be now a composite of the sistine Chapel ceil with michaelangelo frescoes and the linen cupboard at the end of the hallway . Rosemary be lie on the special elevator which carry she horizontally , make it possible for she to see the frescoes from very close . as she pass under the shelf , partly cover with gingham contact paper , we can hear voice off screen . guy ( 0.s. ) easy . dr . S. ( 0.8 . ) you have get she too high . huteh on the dock . we see he from further off and higher , he try to gesticulate as much as the weather - forecasting equipment he be carry will allow he , he shout and wind blow he word away so we hear they only partially . hutch typhoon ! typhoon ! it kill fifty - five people in London and it 's head this way . back on the yacht , the wind be even stronger . Rosemary look for : the skipper but everybody be 's go , the dock be infinite and bare , Far away , the negro mate firmly hold the wheel . Rosemary go to he ; she be about to warn he when the negro mate speak without look at she . negro mate you would better go down below , miss . huge ballroom , on one side be a burn church ( it 's sometimes burn with real fire and sometimes only a picture ) . on the other side , a black - beard man stand glaring at Rosemary . in the centre be a 7-2h.-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68 . cy 57 . ( cont would ) 7-24-67 ped . she go to it and lie down . she be immedi - ately surrcunded by a dozen naked man and woman . guy be among they . they be elderly , the woman grotesque and slack -breasted . there be also Mrs. castevet , Laura -louise and Mr. castevet in a black mitre and black silk robe . with a thin black wand , Mr. castevet be draw design on she body , dip the wand 's point in a cup of red hold for he by a SUN - browned man . the point move back and forth across she stomach and down to the inside of she thigh . the naked people be chant - flat , un - musical , foreign - tongue syllable - and a flute or clarinet accompany they . guy 's eye be large and tense . he whisper to Mrs. castevet . guy she 's awake , she sees} mrs . castevet she do not see . as long as she eat the mouse she can not see nor hear . she 's like dead . now sing . Lady come into the ballroom . she wear a exquisite ivory satin gown embroider with pearl . she hurry to Rosemary 's side . lady I be sorry to hear you be not feel well . rosemary it 's only the mouge~bite . lady you would better have you leg tie down in case of sonvulsion . rcsemary ~ yes , I suppose so . there 's always a'chance it be rabid . Rosemary watch with interest as white - smocked intern tie she arm and leg to the four bedpost . lady if the music bother you , let I know , and I * il have it stop . rosemary ok ; no . please doe not change the pregram on my account . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library cy N 57 . ( contd ) lady try to sleep . ( smiling warmly ) we will be wait up on deck . guy come and bené over Rosemary . he stroke she with both hand - a long relishing stroke that begin at she bound wrist , and slide down over she arm , breast , loin and between she leg . he repeat this stroke several time ; he hand be rough now and sharp - nail . Rosemary breathes , faster , he slip a hand in under she buttock and raise they . he lie forward upon she , he broad chest crush she breast . he be wear a suit of coarse leathery armour . as . he be make love to she , she open she eye and see yellow furnace - eye in front of she , protest wake in Rosemary 's eye . : ) she withdraw , she satin’ gown whisper . } ; rosemary this be no dream . this be happen . something cover she face fade . into darkness . ‘of the Pope come in with a suitcase in he hand and a coat over he arm . pope they tell I you have be bitten by a mouse . Rosemary speak sedly try to hide that she be have a orgasm . rosemary yes . that 's why I do not come to see you . pope that 's allright . we would not want you to jeopardize you health . rosemary be I forgiven , Father ? pope absolutely . he hold out he hand for she to kiss the ring . its stone be a silver filigree ball . Inside it , anna e maria alberghetti sit wait . 7 - 2 , - 67 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library can 70 . 58 . int , 's bedroom - ( day ) - october 5 , 1965 guy and Rosemary in bed . Rosemary be asleep and guy be shaking she shoulder , he be sleep -rumple , need a shave . guy Hay , it 's after nine . Rosemary push he hand away and turn over onto she stomach , she face deep in the pillow . rosemary five minute . guy yank she hair . guy . no. I have get to be at alanis '' at ten . . . rosemary eat out . guy . the hell I will . guy slap Rosemary 's behind through the blanket . . for @ moment . she lie motionless , then suddenly she turn back over and raise herself on - she arm , look at_ guy he be lighting a cigarette . he have he pajamas on . Rosemary be nude . rosemary what time be it ? . guy . ten after nihe . Rosemary sit up . rosemary what time do I go to sleep ? guy - you do not go to sleep , honey , you pass out . from now on you get cocktail or wine , not cock - tail and wine . . rosemary . ( rubbing she forehead and close she eye ) the dream I have . . 7+2h-67 _ ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library tle 58 .. ( cont would ) she open she eye ard see scratch on she leave breast ; two parallel hairline of red run down into the nipple . she push the blanket away and see more scratch , seven or eight go this way and that . guy do not yell . I already file they down , he show short , smooth ' fingernails . : Rosemary look at he uncomprehendingly . rosemary guy — ~ you mean you - while I be - I do not want to miss baby out ? night .- and a couple of my nail be rag , guy nod and grin . guy it be kind of fun in a necrophile sort of way . Rosemary look away , pull the blanket back up . ao , '' rosemary I dream someone be - raping I . I do not know -- someone unhuman , . guy thanks a lot . Rosemary turn further away and swing she leg out on the other side of the bed , : guy , what 's the matter ? Rosemary sit there , not look around at he , rosemary nothing . guy I do not want to miss the night . rosemary we could have do it this morning or tonight . last night be n ' 6 - the only split second . @ we I think you would have want I to . 72- 67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library fe 726 on 58 . ( cont would ) 59 . 60 . | '- 61 . ! 62 . 7-267 guy run a finger up Rosemary 's back . she squirm away from it . rosemary it 's suppose to be share , oh , I guess I be be silly . she get up and go to the closet for she housecoat . guy I be sorry I scratch you , I be a wee bit load myself , int . kitchen - ( day ) rasemary be sit at the table , she be drink coffee slowly , absent-mind . int , live room - ( day ) Rosemary open the window , both of they , int . bathroom - ( day ) Rosemary stand under the shower , she remain motionless , let the water run all over she hair and face , rosemary ( whisper ) ' kind of fun in a necrophile sort . of way ' . landing in front : of the castevets ' apartment = ( day ) Rosemary , ready to go shopping , with two custard cup in she hand , ring the bell . the door open and Mrs. castevet appear . mrs , castevet oh , hello , dear , do you like it ? ( take the cup ) I think I put a little too much cream de cocoa in it . rosemary it be delicious , you will have to give I the recipe . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ' 736 62 . ( cont would ) . mrs , castevet I would love to , would you do I a : teeny favor ? six egg and a small instant sanka ; I will pay you later . 63 . int . guy and rosemary's apartment live room - ( day ) - october 20 , 1965 Rosemary be drink coffee . guy be practice with crutch . | rosemary do not you think we ought to talk about it ? guy about what ? Rosemary look at guy . he seem genuinely unknow . rosemary the way you have not be look at I . guy what be you talk about ? I have be look at you . rosemary no you have not , guy I have so . honey , what be it ? what 's the matter ? rosemary nothing . never mind . guy no , do not say that . what be it ? rosemary nothing . guy ah , look , honey . I kmow I have be preoccupy , with the part and all . well gee whiz , ro , it 's important @ you know ? it do not mean I do not love you . he lean across the table and kiss she , 7-267 : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64» 65 . 7-24-67 the int . hutch apartment - ( day ) - october 21 , 1965 hutch be sit barefoot between two bridge table , each with its typewriter and pile of paper . Rosemary . be sit on the sofa . rosemary it 's a fascinating part . he will really be notice this time . he also have a offer for a lead in the t.v. series , " greenwich Village . " he 's suddenly very hot . hutch now I understand why you be so over joy . Rosemary look at hutch and smile . rosemary well , it 's a difficult period in he life -- a challenge . hutch I see . rosemary you know how it be with actor - they be all a bit self - center . I bet laurence olivier be vain and self - center -- Rosemary 's voice crack ; determine not to cry , she continue : rosemary ( cont would ) it 's a difficult part . he 's get to work with crutch and naturally he 's preoccupy and -- and , well , preoccupy . Rosemary break down . hutch come over and comfort she . hutch I have a lot of good advice for you , but I be go to shut up . ext , STREET outside hutch apartment - ( day ) Rosemary and hutch walk along the street . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 756 65 . ( conta ) hutch I mean to ask you . you have another suicide up there at happy House ? rosemary oh , do not I tell you ? hutch no , you do not . rosemary it be that girl I tell you about ; the drug a¢dict who be rehabilitated '' by this old couple . I be sure I tell you that . hutch they do not rehabilitate she very successfully , it would seem . rosemary we have get to know they well , since . Mr. castevet 's father be a theatrical producer in the old day . hutch castevet . that 's a odd name . french , I suppose ? 66 . int , kitchen - ( day ) - october 22 , 1965 guy be sit at the table read the theatre section of the Sunday Times . Rosemary be prepare breakfast . as she put the chemex on the table , she eye fall on the calendar ; she stare at it . guy ( without look up ) it be due on Friday . rosemary ( surprise ) it wast guy nod . rosemary it will probably come tonight . or tomorrow . guy you want to bet ? to2h—67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library J 76.6 66 . ( cont would ) rosemary yes . an — guy a quarter ? rosemary okay . guy you be go to lose , ro. rosemary shut up . you be get I all jumpy . it be only two day . 676 int , dr , hill be office - ( day ) - october 28 , 1965 Rosemary sit while dr . hill be measure she blood pressure , he be very young , medium height , and handsome , he speak slowly and try to appear older by he serious behavior . . & rosemary ne when will I know ? Dr. Hill take the instrument off Rosemary 's arm , and put it back into the box . dr . hill I will call you as soon as I have the result . I like to do a general eheckup just to know something more . rosemary it be elise dunstan who recommend you to I , dr..hill . dr . hill oh , yes , yes . how be she ? rosemary Fine . and the boy be great . do you deliver all of they ? dr . hill no . only the last . the nurse come with a syringe and two little @ bottle . path att ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67 . ( cont would ) dr . hill universal and haemoglobin , nurse yes . she go to Rosemary , apply a tourniquet and draw blood from she arm . rosemary we go to see " the fantasticks " - = dr . hill oh , do you ? 68 . int , guy and rosemary's apartment - ( day ) - ostober 30 , 1965 telephone ring . Rosemary pick it up . dr . hill ( 0.8 . ) Mrs. woodhouse ? rosemary Dr. Hill ? dr . hill ( 0.s. ) congratulation . rosemary really ? dr . hill ( 0.s. ) really . smiling , Rosemary sit down on the side of the bed . pause . dr . hill ( 0.s. ) be you there ? rosemary what happen now ? dr . hill ( 0.8 . ) very little . you come and see I next month . and you get that natalin pill . one a day . i'11 mail you form - for the hospital . 72-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library : 78. 68 , ( cont would ) rosemary when will it be ? dr , hill ( 0 ,8 . ) Works out to June twenty - eighth , . rosemary that sound so far away . dr . hill ( 0.8 . ) it be . oh , one more thing , Mrs. woodhouse , we would like another blood sample . rosemary yes , of course , ( a beat ) what for ? dr , hill ( 0.8 . ) nurse do not take enough . so would you drop by and see she ? rosemary but - I be pregnant , be not I ? dr , hill ( 0.8 . ) oh yes . it 's just for blood sugar and so forth , nothing to be con - cern about , you be pregnant , do not worry , rosemary all right . I '11 come tomorrow . dr . hill ( 0.8 . } good , do not forget the pill . Goodbye . rosfmary Goodbye , Dr , hili . she put down the telephone slowly and look at it for a long moment , hand still on the receiver . rosemary ( whisper ) blood sugar ? she stand up briskly and walk out , 7-24-67 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library a 696 70 . 7-267 int , kitchen - ( day ) Rosemary mark on the wall calendar : " blood " , int , hallway - ( dusk ) Rosemary hold . out a quarter in she palm , guy , who have just come in , look at Rosemary 's outstretch hand , close the door behind he , guy what 's this for ? he catch on , take Rosemary by the shoulder and kiss she , guy oh , that 's great , honey ! just great . rosemary Father , guy mother . Rosemary look up at he , suddenly serious , rosemary guy , listen , let 's make this a new beginning , okay ? a new open - ness and talk - to- each -other , because we have not be open , guy put he hand on she shoulder , he eye meeting hers earnestly . guy it 's true , I be so goddamn self - center , ro , that 's what the whole trouble be . you know I love you though , do not you ? I do , ro. I swear to God .. I will be as open as - rosemary it 's my fault as much as - guy bull , it 's mine . bear with I , will you , ro ? I will try to do better , rosemary oh , guy . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library | 80. rarr 70 . ( cont would ) to deeply move , she fall into he arm . they kiss fervently . , guy Fine way for parent to be carry - ing on . Rosemary laugh , wet -ey . guy gee , honey . do you know what I would love to do ? rosemary what ? guy tell minnie and Roman . ( raising a hand ) I know , I kmow , it 's suppose to be a deep dark secret . but I tell they we be try . they be so pleased - rosemary o- ( lovingly ) ae tell they . guy kiss she nose . guy back in two minute . ( he hurry out the door ) 71 . int . bathroom - ( night ) Rosemary fix . she eye in front of the mirror . she look at herself . rosemary you be pregnant . ( pause ) another blood sample ? through the front door come Mrs. castevet in a house - dress , Mr. castevet carry a bottle of wine , and guy behind they flushed and smile . mrs . castevet now that 's what I call good news ! @ congrat -u-la-tionst t2=67 -. ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81 . cy 71 . ( cont would ) a she bear down on Rosemary , take she by the shoulder and kiss she cheek hard and loud ... Mr. castevet kiss Rosemary 's other cheek . mr . castevet we best wish to you , Rosemary . we be move pleased than we can say . we have no champagne on hand , but this will do just as nicely . he show the bottle of St. Julien . guy go into the kitchen . mrs . castevet when be you due , dear ? rosemary dune twenty - eighth . mrs . castevet it 's go to be so exciting . guy come back with glass and a corkscrew . Mr. castevet turn with he to the open of the win . Mrs. castevet take Rosemary 's elbow and they walk together into the live room . mrs . castevet listen , dear . do you have a good doctor ? rosemary a very good one . mrs . castevet one of the top obstetrician be a dear friend of ours . abe sapirstein . he deliver all the Society baby . Mr. castevet and guy be at the other end of the. room , busy with the wine . mr . castevet abe sapirstein ? one of the finest obstetrician in the country . guy be not he on ' open end 's a couple of year ago ? mr . castevet that 's right . guy ro ? + 72-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ge , @ 82. tl. ( cont would ) 7~2h , -67 rosemary what about Dr. Hill ? guy do not worry , I will tell he some - thing . you know I , mrs , castevet itm not go to let you go to no Dr. Hill that nobody hear of ! the best be what foss go to have , young lady . ere 's the phone ? guy in the tedroom , Mrs. castevet go into the bedroom , Mr. castevet pour glass of wine , mr . castevet he 's a brilliant man , very sensitive . he give glass to Rosemary and guy . rosemary let 's wait for minnie . they stand motionless , each hold a glass . Mr , castevet hold two , guy sit down , honey , Rosemary shake she head , through the open door of the live room and bedroom , we see Mrs. castevet sit on the bed , hold the phone , mrs . castevet abe ? minnie . pine. listen , - a dear friend of ours just find out today that she 's pregnant . yes , be not it ? I 'tm in she apartment now . we tell she you would be glad to take eare of she and . that you would not charge none of you fancy Society price neither , ( silence ) wait a minute . ( raising she voice ) Rosemary ? tomorrow morning at eleven ? rosemary fine ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83. 71 . ( cont would ) mr . castevet you see ? mrs . castevet ( into the phone ) eleven 's fine , abe. yes . you too . no , not at all . let 's hope so . good-bye . Mrs. castevet come back into the live room . mrs . castevet there you be . guy thanks a million , minnie . rosemary I do not know how to thank you . both of you . Mrs. castevet take the glass of wine from Mr. castevet . mrs . castevet just have a fine healthy baby ; that 's all . oh , my , I can not wait to tell on ) laura-louise . " rosemary oh , please . do not tell anyone else . not yet . mr. castevet shet right , there will be plenty of time . ( raising he glass ) to a fine healthy baby . guy hear , hear . they all drink . 72 . int . bedroom - ( night ) guy and Rosemary be in bed . guy be asleep on he side , but Rosemary 's eye be wide open . she lie on she back with she hand fold across she stomach . rosemary ( almost inaudible ) fad Andrew - Andy ? S ( silence ) or Susan . 7-2h.-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 8k. 72 . ( cont would ) cy od rosemary ( cont would ) ( Calling ) susan} she look quickly at guy but he do not stir , behind the wall , the castevet ' bed creak , a fire engine scream by . guy shift and mumble , suddenly Rosemary slip out of bed , tiptoe to the vanity , take the good luck charm from the Louis sherry box , 's frees it from its aluminium - foil wrapping and put the chain over she head . 736 int , dr , sapirstein office - ( day ) = october 31 , Rosemary listen carefully to dr , sapirstein , sit on the other side of a desk , he be a tall sunburn man with white hair , reassuringly old - fashioned and direct . dr . sapirstein please do not read book . no pregnancy be ever vexactly '' like . the one describe in the book , and do not ao listen to you friend either , no two — pregnancy be ever alike , rosemary Dr. Hill prescribe vitamin pill . . dr . sapirstein no , no pill , minnie castevet have a herbarium , I be go to have she make a daily drink - for you that will be fresher , safer and more vitamin-rich than any : pill on the market . any question you have , call I night or day , call I , not you aunt fanny , that 's what itm here for , the int , guy and rosemary's apartment - kitchen - ( day ) - 2 Mrs , castevet hold out to Rosemary a large glass of watery pistachio milkshake , mrs , castevet here ! Rosemary happily take the glass and look at it . =s rosemary what 's in it ? 72-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85 . 7h. ( cont would ) mrs . castevet snip and snail and puppy-dog ' tail . rosemary ( laugh ) that 's fine , but what if we want a girl ? she lift the glass and start drink . mrs . castevet do you ? rosemary would be nice if the first one be a boy . mrs , castevet well , there you be , rosemary . no , really , what 's in it ? mrs , castevet ~ a raw egg , gelatin , herb ... rosemary tannis root ? mrs . castevet some of that , some of some other thing . 756 int . live room - ( night ) - november 21 , 1965 guy be practise with crutch , repeat he line from the script . Rosemary come in . she have a new haircut . guy look at she , guy what 's this ? : rosemary I have be to vidal sassoon . guy you do not pay they for that , do you ? rosemary I have a ~ pain . 7a2h 67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library eo 86 . 75 . ( cont would ) : guy where ? rosemary ( put she hand on she middle ) here . . guy just now ? rosemary since Monday . a sharp pain . guy do you see Dr. sapirstein ? rosemary I be see he Wednesday . guy but this 1s ridiculous ! why do not you say anything ? why do not you see Dr. sapirstein ? rosemary I see he Wednesday regular . 76.6 int . dr . sapirstein office - ( day ) - november g to dr . sapirstein and Rosemary across the desk , dr . sapirstein . a entirely natural expansion of the pelvis . you can fight it with ordinary aspirin , rosemary I be afraid it might be a ectopic pregnancy . dr . sapirstein ( sceptically ) ectopic ? I think you be not go to read book , Rosemary . rosemary ( blush ) it be stare at I in the drug store . dr . sapirstein and all it do be worry you . will you go home and throw it away , please . 72267 . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87 . 76 . ( cont would ) . rosemary iwill . promise , dr . sapirstein the pain will be go in two day . ( shake he head ) . ectopic pregnancy . 77 . int , live room - ( dusk ) - december 1 , 1965 guy and Rosemary sit on the floor play scrabble . Rosemary get up and go to the bathroom , she sit on the edge of the bathtub , and double over in pain . guy make up a word on the board . Rosemary come back and stand in the archway . rosemary I look awful . guy what be you talk about ? you look great , it 's that haircut a ) that look awful , if you want the a truth , honey . that ? 's the biggest mistake you ever make . 78 . int , den = ( day ) - december 5 , 1965 the television be on but no sound . Rosemary be sit in front of it sick freeze with pain . 79 . int . hallway - ( day ) - december 9 , 1965 hutch stand on the threshold , stare at Rosemary . hutch my God ! : rosemary it 's vidal sassoon and it 's very in . she pat she hair , hutch step inside and Rosemary close the door , hutch = what 's wrong with you ? 7-24-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88. 79 . ( cont would ) rosemary do I look that bad ? with a fix , bright smile , she take he coat . and hat and hang they away . hutch . terrible . you be not on one of that ' Zen diet ! aré you ? rosemary no. hutch . then what be it ? have you see a doctor ? rosemary . oh , I might as well tell you , . I be pregnant . hutch that 's ridiculous , pregnant woman gain weight , they do not lose it , oo rosemary a I do not sleep well , I have stiff joint or something , so I have pain . nothing serious . they enter the live room . hutch sit in the easy chair . hutch well , congratulation , you must be very happy . rosemary ~ iam . we both be , * hutch who 's you obstetrician ? rosemary abraham sapirstein . he 's - hutch he deliver two of my daughter 's baby . rosemary he 's one of the best in the city . 72-67 ( continue ) € script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 . 79 . ( cont would ) 7-267 hutch when do you . see he last ? rosemary yesterday . hutch and ? rosemary he say . it 's fairly common . hutch how much weight have you lose ? rosemary Three pound . hutch nonsense} you have lose far more than that — rosemary ( smiling ) tt 's perfectly normal to lose a little at first . later on I '11 be gain . Rosemary smile . hutch lean back and smile , too . hutch well , we will assume Dr. sapirstein know whereof he speak , he should ; he charge enough . rosemary we be get bargain rate ; we neighbor be close friend of he . the door bell ring . hutch ( make a move to rise ) I will goo rosemary hurt less when I move around , she go out of the room to the front door and open | it . Mr. castevet be stand there , look . sitgntly wind . Rosemary smile . rosemary iwas just talk about you . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 90 . 79 . ( cont would ) 7-24-67 mr . castevet favorably I : hope . do you need anything from outside ? rosemary no , nothing . thanks so much for ask . Mr. castevet glance beyond she for a moment , and then smile . mr . castevet be guy home already ? rosemary . no , he will not be home till six . Mr. castevet stay , wait with a question smile . rosemary a friend of ours be here , the question smile stay . rosemary would you like to meet he ? mr . castevet if I will not be intrude . she show Mr , castevet in . he pass close to she and she notice that he ear be pierce . she follow he to the live room archway . hutch rise and smile . rosemary this be Edward hutchin . { to hutch ) this be Roman castevet . ( to mr..: castevet ) '' iwas just tell hutch that it be you anc minnie who send I to Dr. sapirstein . the two man shake hand and greet each other , the man seat themselves and Rosemary sit by futch . mr . castevet so Rosemary have tell you the good news , have she ? hutch yes , she have , ( cont inue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 936 79 . ( cont would ) hutch ( cont would ) . take better care of Rosemary than she own parent would . mr . castevet we be very fond of she , and of guy , too . he push against the arm of he chair and raise himself to he foot . mr . castevet if you will excuse I , I have to go now . my wife be wait for I . hutch ( rising ) it 's a pleasure to have meet you . mr .. castevet we will meet again , I be sure . ( to Rosemary ) do not bother , Rosemary . 80 . int , kitchen - ( day ) Rosemary and hutch be sit drink coffee . rosemary he 's be everywhere in the world . really everywhere . hutch nonsense ; nobody have . rosemary I have just notice he have pierce ear . . hutch pierce ear and pierce eye . woat 's she like ? rosemary nosey . funny . guy 's get very '' close to they . I think they have become sort of parent - figure for he . hutch and you ? 72-67 ( contime ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library she 80 . ( cont would ) rosemary I be not sure . sometimes they be too friendly and helpful . we hear the front door open ; guy hurry in , he still have he make - up on ; he face be orange , he eye black - lash and large . guy hey , what a surprise . he come over and grab hutch 's hand before . he can rise . guy how be you , hutch ? good to sée you . he clasp Rosemary 's head in he other hand and bend and kiss she cheek and lip . rosemary you be the surprise . what happen ? guy ah , they stop for a rewrite , the dumb bastard . stay where you be , nobody move , he go out to the closet , rosemary ( Calling out ) would you like some coffee ? guy ( 0.s. ) love. some ! Rosemary get up , pour a cup and refill hutch 's cup and she own . hutch suck at he pipe , look thoughtfully before he . guy come back in with he hand full of pack of pall mall . he dump they on the table . guy loot . guy tear a pack open , jam cigarettes up , and pull one out . he wink at Rosemary as she sit down again . hutch it seem congratulation be in order . 7-2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 956 cn 80 . ( cont would ) guy : ' ( lighting up ) it 's wonderful , be not it ? hutch when be the baby due ? rosema ry June twenty -eighth . ( of guy ) do you know that Dr. sapirstein deliver two of hutch 's grand child ? guy really ? hutch I meet you neighbor , Roman castevet . guy oh , do you ? funny old duck , be not he ? rosemary on do you ever notice that he ear a be pierce ? guy youtre kid ? rosemary no itm not ; I see . they drink they coffee . guy it 's a shame we have not see more of you lately .. with I so busy and ro be the way she be , we really have not see anyone . hutch perhaps we can have dinner together soon . guy sure . hutch rise . guy go to get he coat . hutch = thank you for the coffee , my dear . 7-24-67 ( contime ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96 . 80 . ( cont would ) {> , ~— in the hallway , they meet guy who be hold out hutch 's coat . guy it 's not mine , it must be yours . hutch right you be . he turn around and put he arm into the sleeve , guy hold it for he . hutch feel in he pocket . hutch have you think about name yet ? or be it too soon ? rosemary Andrew or Douglas if it 's a boy . melinda or Sarah if it 's a girl . guy Sarah ? what happen to Susan ? guy give hutch he hat . hutch show they a fur-line glove and feel in he pocket again . a be nf hutch be there another one of this around ? Rosemary look round the floor and guy go to the eloset to look down on the floor and up on the shelf . guy I dontt see it , hutch . hutch nuisance . I probably leave it at City Centre . I '11 stop back there . let 's really have that dinner , shall we ? guy definitely . rosemary next week . they watch he go round the first turn of the hallway . guy ( to Rosemary ) that be a nice surprise . S , rosemary guess what he say . 7-24-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97 80 . ( cont would ) guy what ? rosemary I look terrible . guy , good old hutch . he pick up he coat from the closet and put it on . guy spread cheer wherever he go . Rosemary look at he questioningly . guy move to the front door . guy go to get a paper . he turn back to look at Rosemary , over he shoulder . guy ( open the door ) : he be a professional crape-hanger , honey . rosemary he be not a professional crape - hanger . guy ( go out ) then he sure be one of the top - rank amateur . 81 . int . den - ( night ) guy watch television . 82 . int . bedroom - ( night ) Rosemary in bed read . the telephone ring in the other room . we hear guy answer it and after a moment , he appear in ' the doorway , phone in hand . guy hutch want to speak to you . he put the phone on the bed and plug it in . 72 - 67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 98 . os 82 , ( cont would ) a guy I tell he you be rest . he say it could not wait . Rosemary pick up the receiver . the television be still play in the other room and we can hardly hear hutch 's voice . . rosemary hutch ? hutch ( 0.s. ) tell I , dear , do you go out at all ? rosemary well , I have not be go out . why ? she look at guy who look back at she , frown , t listen . hutch ( 0.s. ) can you meet I tomorrow morning at eleven in front of the time-life Building ? rosemary yes , if you want I to . what be it ? can not you tell I now ? hutch ( 0.s. ) I would rather not . we can have a early lunch if you would like . rosemary that would be nice . : hutch ( 0.s . ) ! good . -- eleven o'clock then . rosemary right . do you get you glove ? . hutch ( 0.s. ) no , they do not have it . good night . Rosemary . sleep well . rosemary you too , good night . she hang up . guy what be that ? 7-24-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library | i i 82. 83. 7-24-67 996 ( cont to ) rosemary he want to talk to I . guy - what about ? rosemary he do not say . guy shake he head , smile . guy . mo , I think that boy ! adventure storey be go to he head . where be you meeting he ? rosemary ' in front of the time - life Building at eleven o'clock . guy unplug the phone and go out with it to the de ; almost immediately the Television sound stop , and guy come back . : guy be not it funny ? you be pregnant and I have get the yen . he plug the phone back in again and put it 'on the night table , : - guy I be go to get a ice cream cone . do you want one ? rosemary okayo -:+ guy vanilla ? " rosemary Fine . guy go cut . Rosemary lean back against the pillow , look ahead at nothing with she book forget in ‘her lap , Far away we hear a short ring on a doorbell , Rosemary try to listen but she have to fold with a sudden pain . int . hallway = ( day ) = december 10 , 1965 Rosemary ring the castevet doorbell , Mrs. castevet ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 , 83 . ( cont would ) 8h . 85 . 86 . 12-67 open the door , she be wear a housecoat with she hair in curler , mrs , castevet hi. rosemary hi , minnie . I be go out this morning , so I will not have the drink at eleven . mrs , castevet why , that 's fine , dear . you can take it later . buzz I when you get back . ext , park avenue - ( day ) - with its centre line of Christmas tree = sunny , clear cold day . Rosemary walk slowly , carry she pain inside she , her coat be slightly snug over she stomach . Rosemary pass salvation Army Santa clause , shaking they bell , store with they Christmas window , she , reach the timeslife Building and walk around look for hutch , it 's five - to -eleven on she wristwatch , she sit down on the low wall at the side of the forecourt . she lift she face to the sun , and listen to the noise of the busy street . with she eye close , she speak to herself , rosemary pain , begone } I will have no more of theej she. laugh ruefully . we hear a racketing noise . she open she eye and look up . a helicopter pass over the building . exd , the glass door of the time - life build - ( day ) Rosemary be stand at the edge of the heavy flow of traffic . she look at the out=come face , stretch ow and then on tiptoe , she see a man look like hutch , go towards he , and realize she mistake . it be a quarter past eleven on the clock , int , the time - life build - ( day ) Rosemary walk in the lobby , she look vaguely at the directory on the wall . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87 . 7-2h-67 101 . int , time - life - ( day ) a stainless steel phone booth . a negro girl be in it . she finish soon and come out with a friendly smile . Rosemary slip in and dial , on the first ring , a woman 's voice answer , grace cardiff ( 0.s. ) yes ? rosemary be this Edward hutchin ! apartment ? grace cardiff ( 0.s. ) yes . who be this , please , rosemary my name be Rosemary woodhouse , I have a appointment with Mr. hutchin -- be he there ? ( silence ) hello ? grace cardiff ( 0.s. ) he be take i111 this morning . rosemary taken i11 ? grace cardiff ( 0.5 . ) yes , he 's in a deep coma at St , Vincent 's Hospital . . rosemary oh , that 's awful . I speak to he last night about ten-thirty . grace cardiff ( 0.s. ) I speak to he at eleven . rosemary who be this ? grace cardiff ( 0.s. ) you do not know I , Rosemary , I be Grace cardiff , hutch 's friend . rosemary what 's cause it ? grace cardiff ( 0.s. ) they do not know yet . at the moment he 's totally unresponsive . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ry 87 . ( cont would ) rosemary how awful . grace cardiff ( 0.8 . ) I be go to the hospital now . rosemary be there anything I can do ? grace cardiff ( 0.8 . ) not really . 88 , ext , madison avenue - ( day ) Rosemary walk slowly , look down at the pavement . she cross the street . in voluntarily she stop in front of a shop window in which a small creche be spot - light . Rosemary smile tenderly at the scene . she see suddenly she own smile reflection in the window glass . her black - circle eye look deeper and she 's cheek more skeletal . the smile fade on she face . mrs . castevet ( 0.s. ) of well , this be what I call the ( o} long arm of coincidence ) Rosemary turn and see Mrs. castevet , smile , come towards she , mrs . castevet I say to myself , ' as long as Rosemary 's out , I might as well go out tot a little bit of Christ - mas shopping ' , and here you be and here I am{ be not that some - thing ? why , what 's the matter , dear ? she look at Rosemary , who be freeze with pain . mrs . castevet do you feel all right ? Rosemary nod , pale , bite she lip . mrs . castevet you poor thing . you know what I think ? I think we ought to be go home now . what do you say ? rosemary — — ] ( fast ) oo no , no you have to do you shopping . | 7- 2-67 ( go inue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library o 103 . 88 , ( cont would ) 89 . 90 . 7-2h.-67 mrs , castevet oh shoot , there 's two more week . she put she wrist to she mouth and blow a whistle on she gold - chain bracelet . a taxi veer towards they , they get in , : . int , guy and rosemary's apartment - kitchen = ( day ) - D 2 Rosemary open fridge , take out a little piece of meat , go to the stove , put it on a fry pan for two second each side , then put it on a plate , sit down at the table and start cut the practically raw meat . there be many Christmas card pile on the table . Rosemary , while eat , write name on the card . int . mr. & mrs . castevets ' apartment live room = - 2 New Year 's Eve party . all elderly people talk quietly , drink in they hand , LAURA - louise , mr . & mrs . fountain , mr. & mrs. gilmore , mr. & mrs . wees , mrs . sabatini and she cat , in two armchair sit dr . sapirstein and rosemary . guy be at she side , rest on the arm of she chair . dr . sapirstein it will stop any day now . rosemary it 's like a wire inside I get tighter and tighter . dr . sapirstein usually older woman , with less flexible joint have this sort of trouble , rosemary I be not go out any more , dr . sapirstein you do not have to < = Mrs. castevet bring dr . shand towards they . mrs . castevet Rosemary , I would like you to meet ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ggg a 10h . cy 90 . ( cont would ) mrs . castevet ( cont would ) , Dr. shand . he use to be a famous dentist , and he make the chain for you charm . rosema ry Nice to meet you . ! mr. castevet ( holding up a bottle of champagne ) one mimite to gol guy look at he watch , stand up and go toward Mr. castevet . Mr. castevet open the champagne . he be a attentive and energetic host . Mrs. castevet and guy help with glass . the champagne be pass around . mr . castevet ( raising he glass ) to 1966 , the Year one ! 91 . int . kitchen = ( early morning ) - JANUARY 12 , 1966 nd Rosemary in front of the open fridge chew a raw and drip chicken heart . she catch she reflection in the side of the toaster , look at herself , she hand and the part of the heart not yet eat hold in red ~ drip finger . she go over and put the heart in the garbage , then turn on the water and rinse she hand , with the water still run , she bend over the sink and begin to vomit . she drink some water , wasn she face and hand , turn off the water and dry she - self , she stand for a while , think ; she get a memo pad and pencil from a drawer , sit at the table and start to write . 92 . int . hallway - kitchen - ( day ) guy , in he pajamas , go across the hallway . he enter the kitchen , Rosemary he the life cookbook open on the table and be copying a recipe from it . guy what the hell be you do ? rosemary Planning the meem . we be give a Party on January twenty - second . a week from next Saturday . 7-2.-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 1056 cc ) 92 . ( contd ) she look among several slip of paper on the table and pick one up . rosemary for we old friend . I mean we young friend . minnie and Roman be not invite . neither be Laura - Louise . neither. be Dr. sapirstein and Dr. shand . this be a very special party . you have to be under sixty to get in . guy whew} for a minute there I didntt think I be go to make it . rosema ry oh , you make it . you be the bartender . guy swell . do you really think this be such a great idea ? rosemary I think it 's the best idea I have have in monash . guy do not you think you ought to check with sapirstein first ? rosema ry why ? I be just go to give a party ; I be not . go to swim the English Channel . guy go to the sink , turn on the water and hold a glass under it . he turn off the water , raise the glass and drink . guy what about the pain ? rosema ry ( smiling drily , have not you hear ? it will go in a day or two . 936 int , kitchen = ( day ) - JANUARY 17 , 1966 Mrs. castevet be stand beside Rosemary in the doorway . Rosemary be wear a apron and hold the glass with the drink in she hand . on the table , 7-24-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93 . ( cont would ) 7-2h-67 106 . there be crab-meat and piece of lobster and other food , ready to be cook . Mrs. castevet look at the preparation . mrs . castevet that look interesting . what be it ? rosemary we be have some people over , on Saturday . mrs . castevet oh , you feel up to entertaining ? rosemary yes , ido . this be old friend whom we have not see in a long time . they do not even know yet that I be pregnant . mrs , castevet I would be glad to give you a hand if you 'td like . I could help you dish thing out . rosemary that 's sweet of you , but I can manage . it 's go to be a buffet and we be get a bartender , mrs , castevet I could help you take the coat . rosemary no , really , minnie , you do enough for I as it be . really . mrs . castevet well , let I know if you change you mind . drink you drink now . Rosemary look at the glass in she hand . rosemary I would rather .10t . ( look et Mrs , castevet ) not this minute . I will drink it in a little while . mrs . castevet it do not do to let it stand . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library I 7-24-67 107 . o™ 93 . ( cont would ) rosemary I will not wait long . go on .. you go back and I will bring the glass to you later on . mrs , castevet I will wait and save you the walk . rosemary you will do no such thing . I get very nervous if anyone watch I while I be cooking . scoot now , go on , you be too nice to I , really you be . Mrs . castevet back away , mrs . castevet do not wait too long . it 's go to lose its vitamin , Mrs , castevet go , Rosemary watch the door close . she go into the kitchen and stand a moment with the glass in she hand , then go to the sink and tip out the pale green drink straight down into the drain , int . guy and rosemary's apartment = party - ( night ) - JANUARY 22 , 19 there be a fire go and a italian bartender , renato , mix drink quickly . people already there be : ted and carole wendell , joan jelico , elise and hugh ( limp - ing ) dunstan , rain morgan ( a beautiful negro nodei ) , jimmy and TIGER , lou and claudia comfort and scott ( Claudia 'ts brother ) , joan be give Rosemary a hug and a kiss . joan you dirty stinking secret-keeper ! rain morgan ( 0.s. } whe 's pregnant ? elise ( 0.8 . ) Rosemary be . people gather to congratulate Rosemary , telephone ring in the bedroom . Claudia shout : claudia ( 0.s. ) rosie ! Bob and Lee be stick at another party . they will be right over . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 108 . 9 ... ( cont to ) 7-24-67 rain morgan t congratulation . Lou and Claudia come from the bedroom . claudia you be so lucky . what a great house ! hugh dunstan adrian marcato live here . guy and the trench sister . the doorbell ring ; Rosemary go out . jimmy the trent sister ? ! hugh dunstan trench , they eat little child . ted and he do not mean just eat they . he mean eat they ! Rosemary open the door , Mike and pedro stand there with bouquet of bright red rose , they kiss , pedro , with he cheek against Rosemary , murmur ? pedro make he feed you , baby ; you look like a bottle of iodine . Rosemary take the rose into the kitchen , elise dunstan come in after she , with a drink in she hand . elise dunstan will . you look at this kitchen ! be you all right , rosie ? you look a little tired . rosemary thanks for the understatement . elise how do you like c. c. Hill ? be not he a dreamboy ? rosemary yes , but I be not use he . elise no} ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library po 109 . ~~ 9h. ( go 'a ) rosemary I have get a doctor name sapirstein , a older man . guy look in . elise well congratulation , dad . guy thanks . be not nothin ' to it . do you want I to bring in the dip , ro ? rosemary oh , yes , would you ? look at this rose ! guy take a tray of cracker and a bowl of pale pink i dip from the table . guy ( to elise ) would you get the other one ? elise sure . elise take the second bowl and follow guy out . portia hayne and dee bertillon arrive . they leave they coat in the bedroom . in the live room , guy put dip on table . TIGER hey , what ever happen to the other guy ? be he still blind ? guy I dontt know . Rosemary enter with rose . Mike wig -wag over head and mouth " congratulation . " Rosemary smile and mouth " thanks . " carol Donald baumgart ? you know who he be , Tiger , he 's the boy Zoe piper life with . = TIGER oh , be he the one ? 7-2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 110 . 9h. ( cont would ) renato give Rosemary a scotch with a lot of water . renato I make the first one strong , to get they happy . then I go light and conserve . carol he 's write a great play . rosemary be he still blind ? carol oh , yes . he 's go through hell try to make the adjustment . but this great play be come out of it . he dicate and Zoe write . Rosemary shut she eye and hold she breath with pain . she put she drink aside . claudia be you all right ? rosemary ( smi ling ) yes , fine . I have a cramp for a moment . 95 ~ int . kitchen - ( night ) Tiger watch Rosemary toss the salad . Joan and elise come in and close the door behind they . joan be the doctor satisfied with you condition ? Rosemary nod . joan Claudia say you have a cramp . rosemary . I have a pain . but it 's go to stop soon . TIGER what kind of a pain ? rosemary a - a pain . a sharp pain , that 's all . mn it 's because my pelvis be expand . 7-2h.-67 ( cont inue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ill . 95 . ( cont would ) 7-2h-67 elise rosie , I have have that - two time . it 's a bit like a charley horse , that 's all . rosemary well , everyone be different . every pregnancy be different . joan not that different . you look like miss concentration Camp ' 66 . be you sure this doctor know what he 's do ? Rosemary begin to sob quietly and defeatedly , hold the wooden spoon in the salad . tear run down she cheek . joan oh , God . she look for help to Tiger who touch Rosemary 's shoulder . TIGER shh , ah , shh , do not cry , Rosemary . elise it 's good . it 's the best thing . let she . Rosemary weep , black streak smear down she cheek , elise put she into a chair ; Tiger take the spoon from she hand and move the salad bowl to the far side of the table . the door start to open and Joan run to it and stop and block it . it 's guy . guy ( 0.s. ) hey , let I in . joan sorry . Girls only . guy ( 0.s. ) let I speak to Rosemary . joan can not ; she 's busy . guy ( 0.8 . ) look , I have get to wash glass . joan use the bathroom . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 112 . 95 . ( cont would ) she shoulder the door ; it close with a click and she lean against it . guy ( 0.s. ) damn it , open the door , Rosemary go on cry , she head bow , she shoulder heaving , she hand limp in she lap . elise crouch , wiping at she cheek with the end of a towel ; Tiger smooth she hair and try to still she shoulder . rosemary it hurt so much . she raise she face to they . rosemary I be so afraid the baby be go to die . elise what be he do to help you ? rosemary nothing , nothing . TIGER when do it start ? Rosemary sob . elise when do the pain start , rosie ? rosemary in November . elise in November ? joan ( from the door ) what ? TIGER . you have be in pain since November . and he tart dotng anything for you ? rosemary he say it will stop . joan why do not you see another doctor ? Rosemary shake she head . 7-24 - 67 | ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 113 . ) 95 , ( cont would ) '' rosemary he 's very good . he be on " open end . " TIGER he sound like a sadistic nut . elise pain like that be a warning that something 's not right . go see Dr. Hill , rosie . see somebody besides that - TIGER that nut . elise you can not go on suffer like this . rosemary I will not have a abortion . Joan lean from the door whisper . joan nobody 's tell you to have a abortion ! ust go see another doctor , that 's all . Rosemary take the towel and press it to each eye in turn . she smile at elise , and at Tiger and Joan . 966 int , live room - ( night ) the guest be sit round in various place with napkin and plate on they knee , eat chupe and salad . renato.. be serve wine . claudia' brother his name be altizer and he 's down in - Atlanta , I think ; he say that the death of God its a specific he - toric event that happen right now , in we time . that God literally die . jimmy hey , snow} guest crowd the window ; fat wet snowflake shear down , now and then strike one of the pane , slide and melting . 7 - 2 ) , - 67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library .) 11h . 6 . ( cont would 9 ( eon ) rosemary this 'is why I want this apartment ; to sit here and watch the snow ! with the fire go . 97 . int . live room - ( night ) there be dirty glass , use napkin and spilling - over ashtray all round , Rosemary be sit . guy be stand - ing with he hand on he hip ; look round the room . guy the thing to do now be move . rosemary guy . guy yes ? rosemary I be go to Dr , Hill . Monday morning . '' uy say nothing , look at Rosemary . rosemary Dr. sapirstein be either lie or else he 's - I do not know , out of he mind . . pain like this be a warning that something be wrong . guy Rosemary . rosemary and I be not drink minnie 's drink any more . I want vitamin in pill , like everybody else , I 'have not drunk it for three day now . I have throw it away . guy you have - rosemary itve make my own drink instead . guy draw together all he surprise and anger and point back over he shoulder toward the kitchen , cry at ner , guy be that what that bitch be give you in there ? be that they hint for today ? — 7-24-67 ' ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 115 . 97 . ( cont would ) . rosemary they be my friend . do not call they . bitch . guy they be a bunch of not-very - bright bitch who ought to mind they own god-damn business . rosemary all they say be get a second opinion . guy youtve get the best doctor in New York , Rosemary . do you know what Dr. Hill be ? charley nobody , that 's what he be . rosemary : I be tired of hearing how great Dr. sapirstein be . ( she start to cry ) guy we will have to pay sapirstein and pay Hill too . it 's out of the question . rosemary I be not go to change , I be just go to let Hill examine I and give he opinion . guy I will not let you . it 's - it 's not fair to sapirstein . Rosemary rise . rosemary not fair to - what be you talk about ? what about what 's fair to I ? . ou - you want another opinion ? all right . tell sapirstein ; let he decide who give it . at least have that much courtesy to the top man in he field . rosemary I want Dr. Hill . if you wontt pay _ I will -- = she stop short and stand motionless , paralyze , no part of she move . a tear slide down she cheek . 7 - 2h , - 67 : ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 116 . C ) 97 . ( cont would ) guy ro ? Rosemary catch she breath . guy ro ? he take a step forward , worried . | rosemary | it stop . guy what ? rosemary the pain . guy stop ? rosemary just now . she manage to smile at he . rosemary it stop . just like that . she close she eye and take a deep breath ; then another one , deeper still . she open she eye . guy be still look at she , worried . guy what be in the drink you make ? consternation . Rosemary do not answer immediately . rosemary - a egg . milk. sugar . not , cuy what else ? of Rosemary put she hand on she stomach , concentrate . guy what else ? Rosemary giggle . guy Rosemary , for Christ 's sake , what be in the drink ? 7-2h.-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 117 . 97 . ( cont would ) rosemary it 's alive . ( she giggle again ) it 's move . it 's all right . it 's move . : she look down at she stomach and press it lightly . she reach for guy , not look at he ; snap she finger quickly for he hand . he come closer and give it . she put it to the side of she stomach and hold it . rosemary you feel it ? ( she look at he ) there . guy jerk he hand away , pale . guy yes . yes , I feel it . rosemary ( laugh ) it 's nothing to be afraid of . it will not bite you . guy it 's wonderful . Rosemary hold she stomach again , look down at it . rosemary it 's alive . it 's kick . Rosemary laugh and cry too , hold she stomach with both hand . guy I will clean up some of this mess . he pick up a ashtray and a glass and another glass . 98 . int . den - ( day ) - april 15 , 1966 the grumble paperhanger stick yellow and white paper on the wall . Mrs. castevet hand Rosemary the drink and a white cake . two worker come with a bureau , guy with a bathinette , and Rosemary with a crib . she be much bigger than before . she look healthier and prettier . Rosemary put baby clothes into the bureau ; receive blanket , waterproof pants and shirt . she hold up a tiny shirt to show guy . they both laugh . 7-24-67 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library / 99 100 . 7-2h.-67 118 , int . guy and rosemary's apartment bedroom - ( dusk ) = JUNE 7 , 1966 a open suitcase iying on the bed . Rosemary in she ninth month be put thing into it ( nightgown , nursing brassiere , a quilt housecoat , etc , ) . she close the suitcase , go to the hallway and leave 's it next to the bedroom door , in the live room , guy be sit in a armchair with a open newspaper . he watch Rosemary as she place the suitcase . guy what 's that for ? rosemary my hospital suitcase , guy honey , you have three week to <- the telephone ring , Rosemary go to answer it . guy strain to listen , rosemary ( 0.s. ) yes. hello , Mrs , cardiff . ( beat ) no} ( beat ) oh my god} ( Long silence ) oh my godi yes I will . guy stand up and go toward the bedroom , as he be under the archway , Rosemary appear in the bedroom door . they look at each other for a moment , rosemary hutch be dead . guy turn white , there be a long silence . rosemary I feel awful . all this time I do not even think of he . ext , cemetery gate - ( date ) - junz 8 , 1966 Rosemary get out of a taxi , she be late ; the funeral guest be leave the cemetery and get into car . Rosemary meet doris and she husband , rosemary I be Mrs , woodhouse , I know you father , ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 , ( cont ? d ) doris oh , you be Rosemary ? they shake hand . rosemary yes . i. kmow how you feel , both of yous doris indicate edna , who look like doris , but . a Little young . : ~ doris this be my sister , edna . Rosemary shake edna 's hand . rosemary Nice to meet you . I be so sorry to be late . . . grace cardiff , a smartly dress woman in she early fifty , touch Rosemary 's arme grace cardiff Excuse my . rosema ry yes ? grace cardiff itm Grace cardiff . rosemary ohs I be glad I meet you . thank you so-much for call I . Grace cardiff be hold a bookesize brown - paper package . grace cardiff I be go to mail this . then I think you would be here , she give Rosemary the package . Rosemary look at it ; she name and address be print on it , and Grace cardiff 's return address , rosemary what be it ? grace cardiff hutch regain consciousness at . the end and he think it be jo2hob7 ( contime ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library | 120 . 100 . ( cont would ) grace cardiff ( cont would ) the next morning . you know = when you have the appointment . rosemary yes . grace cardiff I be not there , but he tell the doctor to make sure that you get the book that be on he desk . Grace get into car . the car begin to leave . rosemary thank you . grace cardiff ( through window ) oh , and itm to tell you , the name be a anagram . rosema ry the name of the book ? grace cardiff apparently . he be delirious - so it 's hard to be sure . 101 . int . guy and rosemary's apartment - bedroom = ( day ) Rosemary slip out of she shoe , take off she glove and push she foot into slipper . at the same time , she. pick up she handbag , open it and take out the wrap book . the doorbell ring . still carry though book , Rosemary go to open the door . - Mrs. castevet stand ' there with . the drink and a little white . cake . mrs . castevet I hear you come in , it certainly be not very long . rosuma ry iwas late . could not get a taxi . she take the glass and drink the pale green liquid . mrs . castevet oh} what a shame } you get mail already ? rosemary no , someone give it to I . 7-bmab7 ( contime ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12l . 101 . ( cont would ) mrs . castevet heye , I will hold it . Mrs. castevet take the package and hand Rosemary the white cake . Rosemary start to eat it . mrs . castevet ( weigh the package ) a book ? rosemary mm-hmm . mrs . castevet ( reading the return address ) oh , I know that house . the gilmore use to live there . rosemary oh ? mrs . castevet I have be there lot of time . ' Grace ' . that 's one of my favorite name . rosemary yes ? she finish the cake and the drink and take the package from Mrs. castevet ; give she the glass . mrs . castevet you need anything ? rosemary no , thanks . mrs . castevet take a nap , why do not you ? rosemary I be go to . ' by . with a pare knife Rosemary cut the string of the package and undoe the brown paper . it be a black book , not new ; the gold lettering , all wear away , say : " all of they Witches by j.r. hanslet . " on the flyleaf be hutch be signature , with the inscription : '' torquay , 1934 . " Rosemary go into the live room , riffling its page . there be occasional photograph of respectable - look victorian , several underlining ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 122 . 101 . ( cont would ) 7-24-67 and marginal checkmark . one underline phrase be : " the fungus they call ' Devil 's pepper ' . " Rosemary sit in one of the window bay and look at the table of content . the name : " adrian marcato " be the title of chapter four . other chapter title : " prudence duvernoy : stanley rolfe ; aleister crowley ; Margaret wick ; witch practice ; witchcraft and Satanism . Rosemary turn back to the chapter : adrian marcato . " bear in Glasgow in 1846 , he be bring soon after to New York ( underline ) ... he be attack by a mob out - side the bramford .... " rosemary outside . not in the lobby . there be a stand portrait of marcato , a hypnotic - eye black - bearded man . Rosemary turn the page . there be a less formal photograph of he sit at a Paris cafe . the caption read : " Paris , 1899 . adrian marcato , he wife and son , Steven . " the name " Steven " be underline . Rosemary flip through the book ; pause for other underlining . a few page later : " the universally - hold pelief in the power of fresh blood . Rosemary look up from the book , and whisper : rosemary but there be no witch . not really . she close the book , look at the title . rosemary ' the name be a anagram . ' holding the book on she lap , she look at the ceiling ; then at the book again . suddenly , she stand up and go to get the scrabble set . she put the book , a open board and the box on the floor . kneel in front of they , she pick up the letter to spell : " all of they Witches " . she jumble the letter , mix they round and start building a new sentence ; it come out : " come with the fall " . then : " how be hell fact I " . she look at the one letter leave in she hand for a moment . then , mix the letter again and form : " elf shot lame witch " and " tell I which fatso " . rosemary that really make sense . she put the letter back in the box , the box on the ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 123 . cy 101 . ( cont would ) board , the book on top of the box , and everything on the window seat . she step back and look at they . rosemary poor hutch . a new idea come , slowly , she pick up the book , | look at the edge , find the place where the corner | of a page have be fold , she bend the corner again : as it be , then straighten it . once more , she look at the Paris photograph and the name " Steven " under - line . suddenly , she grab the box and empty it on the floor , very fast , she form the name " Steven marcato " with the wooden square ; index finger , wr out , then " o " , with two finger " m " and " a " , with | index , " N " : " roman " , with she whole hand , she move " steve " to the right , after " roman " , again she index finger pull down " T " at the end of it and " CA '' in front : '' roman castevet " , 102 . int . guy and rosemary's apartment ~ ( dusk ) the front door unlock and push against the chain . Rosemary be sit in the kitchen eat tuna fish ; the open book in front of she . she lift she head , listen . the doorbell ring and Rosemary go to see who it be , it 's guy . she let he in . he have a bunch of daisy and a box from bronzini . guy what 's with the chain ? Rosemary close the door and rechain it . guy what 's the matter ? he kiss she and give she the daisy ; guy be you all right ? rosemary yes . she go into the kitchen , guy how be the funeral ? ( go towards the bedroom ) 7-2h.-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12h. 102 . ( cont would ) rosemary ooko Rosemary put the daisy into a blue pitcher . guy call out from the bedroom , guy ( 0.8 . ) I get the shirt that be in " the New Yorker " . Rosemary take the flower into the live room . guy come in and show she the shirt . rosemary that 's nice . do you know who Roman really be ? guy look at she , blink and frown . ' guy what do you mean , honey ? rosemary he 's adrian marcato 's son . -guy what ? rosemary : I '11 show you something . ( go towards the kitchen ) ' Roman castevet ' be ' Steven marcato ! rearrange . they enter the kitchen . Rosemary pick up the book and give it to guy . rosemary > it 's from hutch . guy look at the book , then put he shirt aside , and start leaf through it . Rosemary put she finger on the parisian photograph . rosemary here he be when he be thirteen . see the eye ? guy ~ a coincidence . rosemary in the same house ? and look here - f267 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 125 . an 102 . ( cont would ) she turn the page and search for a second , guy still hold the book . rosemary . " soon after that , in August 1886 , he son Steven be bear " , 1886 , get it ? make he seventy - nine now . no coincidence , guy no , I guess not . ( spring through the page ) he 's Steven marcato , all right . poor old geezer . with a crazy father like that no wonder he switch he name around , Rosemary look at guy uncertainly . rosemary you do not think he 's - the same ? guy ( smiling ) what do you mean ? a witch ? Rosemary nod . guy ro , be you kid ? he laugh and give the book back to she , guy ah ro , honey . he pick up he shirt and go to the live room . rosemary his father be a martyr to it . do you know how he die ? guy honey , it 's 1966 , Rosemary hold out the book towards he , rosemary this be publish in 19333 there be . coven in Europe - that 's what they be s&s call , the the - congregation ; coven - in Europe , in America , in Australia , 7 + 24-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 126 . om 102 . ( cont would ) rosemary ' ( cont would ) they have get one right here -- all that bunch ; that party with the flute and the chant , that be sabbath or esbat or whatever - they - are} guy honey , do not get excited . let 's = rosemary read what they do , guy . she open the book at he and jab a page with she forefinger . rosemary they use blood in they ritual , and the blood that have the most power be a baby 's blood . and they use more than the blood , they use the flesh too } guy for God 's sake , Rosemary } rosemary they be not set foot in this apartment ever again , and they be not come within fifty foot of . the baby guy honey , they be old people and they have a bunch of old friend , and Dr , shand happen to play the recorder , she go to the window where the scrabble set lay , hold the book in both hand ; tremble . rosemary I be not go to take any chance with the baby 's safety . we be go to sub - let and move out . guy we be not . rosemary ( turn to he ) oh yes we be , guy pick up he new shirt and go out and into the bedroom , 7 - 2t , -67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 127. 102 . ( cont would ) guy we will talk about it later . Rosemary sit down next to the serabble set . she close it and , after a moment , open the book and begin to read the final chapter : " witchcraft and | Satanism " , guy come back in without the shirt . guy I do not think you ought to read any more of that . rosemary just this last chapter , guy not today , honey . he put he hand out and wait for she to give he the book . guy you be shaking . come on , give it to I . you will read it tomorrow , rosemary guy - guy no , I mean it , come on , give it to I , rosemary ohh . she give it to he . he go over to the bookshelve , stretch up , and put it as high as he can reach , across the top of the two kinsey report . 103 . int . dr , sapirstein office = ( day ) - JUNE 9 , 1966 Rosemary be sit in front of Dr , sapirstein . dr . sapirstein ( amaze ) fantastic . absolutely fantastic . what do you say the name be , ' machado ' !? rosemary marcato . 7~2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 128 , 103 . ( cont would ) dr , sapirstein fantastic . I think he tell I once that he father be a coffee importer . rosemary he tell guy that he be a producer , dr . sapirstein ( shake he head ) I understand how disturb you must be to have he for a close neighbor . rosemary I do not want anything more to do with he or minnie . I do not want to take even the slight chance where the baby 's safety be concerned , dr , sapirstein 1 absolutely . any mother would feel the same way . : rosemary i ( lean forward ) be there any chance at all that minnie put something harmful in the drink or in that little cake ? Dr. sapirstein laugh . dr . sapirstein no , Rosemary . I would have see evidence of it long ago . rosemary I will not take anything else from she . dr . sapirstein you will not have to , I can give you some pill that will be adequate in this last few week , in a way this may be the answer to minnie and Roman 's problem too , : rosemary what do you mean ? dr . sapirstein Roman be very ill . in fact - confidentially - he haa no more than a month or two leave to he , 7-21-67 . ( continue ) 1 — — — a script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library — 103 , lok . 7-24-67 129 . ( cont would ) rosemary I have no idea -- dr . sapirstein he want to pay a last visit to a few of he favorite city , but they do not want to offend you by leave before the baby 's birth . rosemary I be sorry to hear that Roman be not well . dr . sapirstein he would be extremely embarrassed if he know what you find out . suppose we do this : I will tell they to leave on Sunday . I will say I speak to you , and you understand . rosemary be you sure they will leave on Sunday ? dr . sapirstein I will see to it , rosemary all right . I will go along , but only until Sunday . ext , sidewalk outside bramford - ( day ) - JUNE 12 , 1966 at the edge of the curb , the doorman blow he whistle at the oncoming car , a little behind he stand Mr , castevet with the transistor radio over he shoulder , Mrs , castevet . in white dress and glove , with a camera and a hatbox , Rosemary in she peppermint - stripe smock , and guy in blue jeans and a T-shirt . two big suitcase be beside they on the sidewalk . . mrs . castevet no matter where we be , we thought be go to be with you every minute , darling , till you be all happy and thin again with you sweet little boy or girl lie safe in you arm , Rosemary kiss she cheek . rosemary thank you . thank you for everything , ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 130 . ~ 10h . + ( cont would ) mrs . castevet you make guy send we lot of picture , you hear ? rosemary iwill . I will . Mrs , castevet turn to guy and Mr. castevet take Rosemary 's hand . mr , castevet I will not wish you luck , because you will not need it . you be go to have a happy , happy life . Rosemary kiss he . rosemary have a wonderful trip , and come back safely . mr . castevet ( smiling ) perhaps . but I may stay on in dubrovnik , or pescara or maybe mallorca , we shall see , we shall see ... rosemary ( meaning it ) come back . she kiss he again . a taxi come , guy and the doorman stow the suitcase _ beside the driver , Mrs. castevet shoulder and grunt she way in , sweat under . the arm of she white dress , Mr , castevet fold himself in beside she . mr . castevet Kennedy Airport . twa building . as the taxi pull away there be more ' goodby ! through the open window , Rosemary and guy stand wave at the taxl speed away with hand unglcve and white - glove wave from either side of it , 105 . int , guy and rosemary's apartment - live room - ( day ) gs Rosemary be stand on a chair , look over the S : kinsey report , for hutch 's book , she take the two 7-2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 105 . 106 . 7~2y-67 131 . ( cont would ) thick volume away and look behind . with the book still in she hand , she glance around the room and call toward the bedroom , rosemary guy ? guy ( 0.8 . ) yes . rosemary where be the book ? guy appear in the archway . guy what be that , honey ? rosemary I be look for my book . guy oh , I put it in the garbage . Rosemary step down and put the book aside . rosemary what ? guy I be sorry , ro , I do not want you upsetting yourself any more , rosemary ( surprise and annoyed ) guy , hutch give I that book . he leave it to I . guy I do not think about that part of it . I be sorry . rosemary that 's a terrible thing to do . guy I be sorry . I be not think about hutch . int , stationery counter in tiffany's - ( day ) - 2 Rosemary stand hold a sample card of a birth ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library | : 132. 106 . ( cont would ) announcement in she hand . there be other sample , more decorative and fancy , lie on the counter , the salesman be write on a pad . rosemary Andrew John or Jennifer melinda . salesman well , the name be usually phone later . . rosemary oh yes , of course , with the date . salesman envelope ? rosemary yes , fifty . alan stone lean over Rosemary 's shoulder , alan when be my new client due ? cd rosemary Alan ! how be you ? alan have not see you for age . have guy be hide you ? 107 . ext , tiffany be - ( day ) alan tell guy I will call he tonight . we have get a offer from paramount . rosemary really ? that 's wonderful ! he kiss she on the cheek , start vo leave , alan why do not you drop in '' with guy to see we new office ? rosemary iwill . I have never thank you for the ticket to " the fantasticks . " I just love it . 7-267 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 107 . ( cont would ) alan " the fantasticks " ? rosemary you give guy a pair of ticket . oh , long ago . alan | I never have any ticket to " the fantasticks " ; youtre | mistaken , rosemary last fall . alan I have get to rush . you will tell guy I will call he , yes ? 108 . ext , fifth avenue - ( day ) Rosemary absent - mindedly walk along the Avenue . . she cross the street . a car honk and swerve - to avoid she . driver t for God 's sake , lady ! Rosemary pull the charm out from under she dress , undoe the chain and drop it in the sewer grate . rosemary so much for tannis root . / 109 . int , bookshop - ( day ) through the window we can see Rosemary talk to a bookseller . he nod , turn , go towards the shelf and with he finger , indicate a large section of it . Rosemary look at he with surprise and also lift she hand in a gesture which mean " all of this " ? 110 . int , taxi - ( day ) Rosemary have two book . she examine the cover and spine of each . she put the small book on she lap , open the big one : " United mental force of the whole coven , could blind , deafen , paralyze and ultimately kill the choose victim . " 7-24-67 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library lll . 112 . 113. 7-267 13h . int . guy and rosemary's apartment - ( day ) Rosemary sit in the live room read the smaller book : spell can not be cast without one of the victim 's belonging '' " she stand up and start walk around the room . she lift the front of she dress and sniff it . int . bedroom = ( day ) Rosemary change she dress , splashes herself all over with cologne . rosemary on the phone ~ ( day ) the ringing tone before someone answer . donald baumgart ( 0.s. ) yeh ? rosemary be this Donald baumgart ? baumgart ( 0.s. ) that 's right . rosemary this be Rosemary woodhouse , guy woodhouse 's wife . baumgart ( 0.s. ) oh ? rosemary I want - baumgart ( 0.s. ) my God , you must be a happy little lady this day ! live in the bram , row of uniform lackey = rosemary I want to know ow you be ; if there 's be any improvement , baumgart ( 0.8 , ) ( laugh ) why bless you heart , guy woodhouse 's wife , I be splendidJ I only break six glass today . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library wo J @ 113 . ( cont would ) 7724867 1356 rosemary guy and I be both very unhappy that he get he break because of you misfortune , silence for a moment , baumgart ( 0.s. ) oh , what the hell , that 's the way it go . rosemary I be sorry = do not come along that day he come to visit you . donald baumgart ( 0.s. ) visit I ? you mean the day we meet for drink ? rosemary yes . that 's what I mean , ( Voice shaking ) by the way , he have something of yours , you know , donald baumgart ( 0.s. ) what do you mean ? rosemary do not you know ? donald baumgart ( 0.s. ) no. rosemary do not you miss anything that day ? donald baumgart ( 0.s. ) you do not mean my tie , do you ? rosemary yes . donald baumgart ( 0.s. ) well he 's get . mine and I have get he . he can have it back ; it do not matter to I now what color tie i'm wear . rosemary I do not understand , I think he have only borrow it . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library not el 136 . om 113 . ( cont would ) a donald baumgart ( 0.s. ) no , it be a trade , do you think he steal it ? rosemary I have to hang up now , I just want to know if there be any improvement . donald baumgart ( 0.s. ) ] no , there be not . it be nice of you to call , rosemary " by | . she hang up ; look at the time ( nine after four ) , | she take a fold of bill from underneath guy 's : . underwear in the drawer , put they in she handbag , she put in also the bottle of vitamin capsule and she address book , she take the suitcase stand by_ the bedroom door and go out , halfway down the hallway , she turn and double back , she ride down in the service elevator with two delivery boy , ao = lly . int . dr . sapirstein outer office - ( day ) Rosemary be stand with she suitcase in front of the receptionist 's desk . another woman ( mrs , byron ) sit read , the receptionist look at the suitcase and smile , receptionist you be not in labor , be you ? : rosemary no , but I have to see the doctor , it 's very important . the receptionist glance . at she watch . receptionist he have to leave at five and there 's Mrs. byroneee she look across at Mrs. Byron and then smile at Rosemary . receptionist I be sure he will see you . sit down . rosemary thank you . 7-267 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library | | 1376 — _ 1p. ( cont would ) 7 Rosemary put she suitcase by the nearest chair and sit down . she open she handbag , take out a tissue and wipe she palm and then she upper lip and temple . her hand be shaking . receptionist how be it out there ? rosemary terrible , ninety -four . the receptionist make a pain sound . a pregnant woman ( 5 - 6 month ) come out from Dr. sapirstein 's office and nod at Rosemary . the receptionist go in to Dr. sapirstein . pregnant woman ( to Rosemary ) you be due any day now , be not you ? rosemary Tuesday . '' a™ pregnant woman na you be smart to get it over with before August . the receptionist come out again . receptionist Mrs. Byron ? ( to Rosemary ) he will see you right after , rosemary thank you . Mrs. Byron go in to Dr. sapirstein and close the door , the pregnant woman by the desk confer with the receptionist . receptionist July 10th ? pregnant woman what time ? receptionist four o'clock ? pregnant woman o.k.e good-by . 72h = 67 ( contime ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 138. lly . ( cont would ) she turn and go out , pass Rosemary , she smile . pregnant woman good luck . the receptionist write . Rosemary take up a copy of " time " , in red letter on a black background , it say : " is. God dead ? " . receptionist that smelis nice . ( sniff ) what be it ? rosemary it 's. call ' detchema ' . receptionist it 's a big improvement on you regular , if you dontt mind my say . 's rosemary that be not a cologne , it be a good luck charm . I throw it away . receptionist good . maybe the doctor will follow you example . rosemary ( after a silence } Dr. sapirstein ? receptionist he have the after-shave . but it be not be it ? I do not think he have a good luck charm . ( she laugh ) anyway , he have the same smell once in a while , whatever it be , and when he do = oh boy ! have not you ever notice ? rosemary noo Rosemary put down the magazine . receptionist maybe you think it be you own you be smell . what be it , a chemical thing ? 7~2h-67 ( contime ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 1396 C ) 1ly . ( cont would ) Rosemary be stand up with she suitease in she hand . - rosemary my husband be outside . I have to tell he something . I will be back in a mimte . : | the receptionist look surprised as Rosemary back and run out . 115 . ext . STREET - ( day ) | Rosemary , suitcase in hand , walk fast . ) 116 . int , phone booth = ( day ) | Rosemary enter a glass phone booth , put the suitcase on the floor , take the address book out of she hand - bag , find a mumber and , repeat it to herself , search in she purse for a coin . she find one , put it in the slot and start to dial . she be sweat . a woman 's voice answer . woman' ' voice ( 0.8 . ) Dr. Hill 's office . rosema ry Dr. Hill , please . woman' voice ( 0.8 . ) this be he answer service . would you like to leave a message ? rosemary my name be Rosemary woodhouse . please ask he . to call I back right away . 475-298 , it 's a emergency . I be in a phone booth . woman' voice all right . with she foot , she crack the door open for air . Rosemary replace the receiver . wiping she forehead , she speak to herself . . rosema ry quickly , please , Dr. Hill . call I . coy ss she notice a woman come towards the telephone bootia . she step back , let the door close and pick up 7 - 2h , - 67 _ ( gontime ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library SD 10 . 116 . ( cont would ) 7-24-67 the receiver , keep a hide finger on the hook . the woman stand outside and wait , rosemary ( to mouthpiece ) oh , I do not know that . really ? what else do he say ? that 's win - derful . do he say anything else ? the telephone ring . Rosemary jump and let she finger off the hook . sweat be pour down she face . rosemary Dr. Hill ? woman' voice ( 0.8 . ) do I get the name right ? be it ' Rosemary woodhouse 't ? the woman outside the booth be walk away . rosemary yes ! woman' voice ( 0.s , ) be you Dr. Hill 's patient ? rosemary - no. yes .. I mean - I have see he once . please , please , he have to speak to I ! it 's important ! it 's woman' voice ( 0.s. ) all right . : Rosemary look around ; . nobody be wait ; she do not replace the receiver though , but put she finger on the hook . she open the door again and with the hand hold the receiver , wipe the sweat from she fore - head . rosemary all of they . all of they . all in it together , " all of they Witches " , do not you worry , Andy -or - Jenny , I '1l kill they before I let they touch you ! the telephone ring . she jump she finger from the . hook , stop the ring in the middle , she step for - ward and the door close . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 2 ) 116 . ( cont would ) 7~2h-67 1y.l . rosemary yes ? dr . hill ( 0.s. ) Mrs. woodhouse ? - rosemary thank you . thank you for call I . dr . hill ( 0.8 . ) I think you be in California . rosemary no . I go to another doctor , and he be not good , Dr. Hill ; he 's be lie to I and give I unusual kind of - drink and capsule , the baby be due on Tuesday - remember , you tell I , June twenty - eight ? - and I want you to deliver it . dr . hill ( 0.8 . ) Mrs , woodhouse = rosemary please , let I talk to you . let I come and explain what 's be go on . I can not stay too long here , they will be look for I . there be a plot . I know that sound crazy , Doctor , and you be probably think , ' my God , this poor girl have completely flip , ' but I have not flip , Doctor , I swear by ali the saint I have not , there be plot against people , be not there ? dr . hill ( 0.8 . ) yes , I suppose there be , : rosemary there 's one against I and my baby , dr . hill ( 0.8 . ) come to my office tomorrow after - rosemary now . right now . dr . hill ( 0.8 . ) Mrs. woodhouse , I be not . at my office now , I be home . I have be up since yesterday morning and - ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library not oo = 142. 116 . ( cont would ) 117 . 7-24-67 rosemary I beg you , I beg you . ( silence ) I can not stay here . dr . hill ( 0.s. ) my office at eight o'clock . rosemary yes , thank you . dr . hill ( 0.s. ) all right . rosemary dro Hill ? dr . hill ( 0.8 . ) yes ? rosemary my husband may call you and ask - dr . hill ( 0.8 . ) I be not go to speak to anyone . I be go to take a nap . rosemary thank you , Dr. Hill . she replace the receiver , breathe deeply in relief . she notice that somebody be stand outside , back against the door . it be a man look like Dr. sapir - stein . Rosemary , who have be bend to pick up she suitcase , be unable to move . she remain in this position for several second until the man turn and look at she , she straighten up , open the door , and suitcase in hand go quickly away . int , taxt - ( day ) Rosemary be sit with she suitcase on she knee . the taxi stop somewhere on West seventy -second . the driver stop the meter and Rosemary give he money . she look anxiously around . rosemary Driver , could you wait please , and watch until I be inside the door ? the Driver , a little surprised , hand Rosemary the change . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 117 . ( cont would ) — a sses ag 118 , 119 . 7-24-67 rosemary keep it , please . ext , the doorway of dr . hill office - ( day ) she get out , shrink , try to be as small as possible , and hurry to the door . Dr. Hill open it . he wear a blue and yellow plaid sport shirt . he have grow a moustache , blond and hardly noticeable . he show Rosemary inside . int . dr . hill be office - consulting room - ( day ) Rosemary sit in a armchair . Dr , Hill sit beside the desk . of rosemary you see , he lie to you . he say we be go to Hollywood . the worst thing of all , he be involved with they as well . he sleep in pajamas now , he never use to before , he 's probably hide a mark . you lnow , they give you a mark when you join . all sort of ritual . they hold sabbath there , you could hear they sing through the wall , guy , my husband , say it be Dr. shand , one of this people , play a recorder . now , how do he know it be Dr. shand unless he be there with they ? they be very clever , they plan everything from the beginning . I suppose they make some sort of a deal with guy . they give he success and he promise they a baby . to use in they ritual . I know , this sound . crazy , but I have get book here , I will show they to you . - Rosemary open she suitease , take the two book out of it , find a place in the large one and hand it to Dr , Hill . rosemary ( cont would ) there be another actor like he , '' Donald baumgart , and they cast a spell on he to make he blind , so guy could get he part . look , here ! Dr. Hill look at the place . he put the book on the desk and hold he hand on the page , read it . while ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library qo 119 . ( cont would ) 7-24-67 wh. Rosemary be speak , Dr. Hill examine the cover and start flick through the leave . rosemary I have a friend , Edward hutchin . maybe you hear of he ? a writer . he write for boy . anyway , he be a friend of mine since I first come to New York . dr . hill ( holding book ) May I keep it ? rosemary yes , please . Rosemary give he the smaller book also . Dr. Hill put it on top of the larger one at the side of he desk . rosemary ( cont would ) once , Mr. hutchin come to visit I . it be the time I have this pain . I be suffer so much , Doctor , you can not imagine how much I be suffer - ing . and they would not help I . nobody would . they be give I a drink , with tannis root . also a witch stuff . tannis root . so , hutch come and immediately see some - thing be wrong . he know about witch , you see . suddenly guy rush in with he make - up still on , which he never do . they must have call he to get home and steal one of hutch 'ts belonging . so he do . take he . glove , and they cast a spell on he too . put he in a coma . Three month later - he die . . maybe all this be coincidence but one thing be certain . they have a coven and they want my baby . dr . hill it certainly seem that way . Rosemary shut she eye and almost cry from happi- that Dr. Hill believe she . she open she eye and look at he , calm and compose . Dr. Hill have move behind the desk and be write . Rosemary , who be clutching the chair arm , relax she hand and dry she palm on she dress . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library oo _/ 19 . ( cont would ) 1456 rosemary I be afraid you would not believe I , dr . hill ( write ) I do not believe in witchcraft but there be plenty of maniac and crazy people in this city . the ' ; doctor 's name be shand , you say . - rosemary no , Dr. shand be one of the group . the doctor be Dr. sapirstein . dr . hill abraham sapirstein ? rosemary yes . ( uneasily ) do you know he ? dr . hill ( write ) I meet he once or twice . rosemary look at he , you would never think he - dr . hill never in a million year . ( put down he pen ) would you like to go into mount sinai right now , this evening ? rosemary ( smiling ) i. would love to , be it possible ? dr . hill difficult but we will try . I want you to lie down and get some rest , he rise and go to the open door of he examine room , reach inside and switch on a ice- blue fluorescent light . dr . hill I will see what I can do , then I will check you over . Rosemary heft herself up and go , clutching she hand - bag , into the examine room . 7 - 2 ) , .-67 { continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 119 . ( cont would ) 7-24-67 rosemary anything you be get . evena broom closet . dr . hill ef hope we can do better than . that . he come into the examine room after she . there be a day bed at the far end of the room cover in blue , and a chair . there be blue curtain on the window . Dr. Hill switch on the air conditioner in the window . it 1s a noisy one . rosemary shall I undress ? dr . hill no , not yet . it will take some half - hour on the telephone . just lie down and rest . he switch off the light , go out and close the door . there be a nice glow of evening light from behind the curtain . Rosemary . put she handbag on a chair , and sit down heavily on the day bed . rosemary ( sigh ) God bless Dr. Hill . she shake off she sandal and lie back gratefully . rosemary everything 's okay now , Andy -or - Jenny . we be go to be in a nice clean bed with no visitor and - she sit up suddenly , open she handbag , take out the fold of bill and count they . there be some more money in she purse . she take it out and add it to the fold of bill . she take the capsule out of she handbag , put the money back in , close it and put it on the chair . she look at the bottle of capsule in she hand . rosemary monster ! she put the bottle on the chair beside the handbag , lie back again on the day bed . : rosemary unsp@akable . unspeakable . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 120 . 121. 7-24~67 ext . dream sequence - ( day ) in front of a large contemporary house in beverly Hills , Rosemary rock a bassinet , there be ten to twelve person around ; she family and some of she friend , look over shoulder , each one try to see into the bassinet . Rosemary pick up the baby . rosemary he will be four month in two day . - a man already talk ? Rosemary cradle the baby in she arm . elise dunstan bend over it , make coo noise . elise Andy , Andy ! int . examining room - ( dusk ) the door open . Dr. Hill look in . Rosemary , lie on the day bed , look at he . Dr. Hill switch on the fluorescent light . Rosemary shield she eye with she hand and smile at he . rosemary I have be . sleep . Dr. Hill withdraw , push the door wide open , guy and Dr. sapirstein come in . Rosemary sit up , lower - ing she hand from she eye . they come and stand close to she . guy 's face be stony and blank . he look at the wall , not at she . dr . sapirstein come with we quietly , Rosemary . do not argue or make a scene , because if you say anything more about witch or witchcraft we be go to be force to take you to a mental hospital . you do not want that , do you ? so put you shoe on . guy finally look at she , guy we be just go to take you home , no one 's go to hurt you . dr . sapirstein or the baby . put you shoe on . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library '' 148. 121 . ( cont would ) 122. 123. 7-2h.-67 he pick up the ' bottle of capsule , look at it , and put it in he pocket . Rosemary put she sandal on and Dr. sapirstein give she the handbag . they go out , Dr. sapirstein hold she arm , guy touch she other elbow . Dr. Hill give Rosemary 's suitcase to guy . dr . sapirstein ( to Dr. Hill ) she 's fine now . ( to Rosemary ) we be go to go home and rest . Dr. Hill smile at Rosemary . dr . hill that 's all it take . Rosemary look at Dr. Hill and say nothing . dr . sapirstein thank you for you trouble , Doctor . guy it 's a shame you have to come in here and - dr . hill ( to Dr. sapirstein ) itm glad I could be of help , sir . Dr. Hill open the door . they go out . ext . STREET outside dr . hill office - ( dusk ) there be a car wait with Mr. Gilmore at the wheel . Rosemary sit in - the back between guy and Dr. sapirstein . the suitcase be put on the front seat . nobody say anything ; they drive in silence . int . bramford lobby - ( night ) guy , Rosemary and Dr. sapirstein walk across the lobby towards the elevator . Diego smile at Rosemary from the open door of the elevator . as they walk Rosemary sneak open she handbag at she side , hook a finger through the key ring and hold onto the key , spill the handbag onto the floor near the elevator . there be coin , roll lipstick , bill flutter all over the floor . Rosemary look down stupidly . guy and Dr. sapirstein start to pick the content up . Diego come out to help they , make tongue - tooth sound of concern . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 149 . oo ) 12h . int , elevator - ( night ) Rosemary back into 's the elevator to get out of the way . watch they , she toe the big round floor - button , the roll door roll . she pull close the inner gate . Diego grab for the door but save he finger ; smack the outside , diego ( 0.s. ) hey , Mrs. woodhouse ! Rosemary push the handle and the car lurch upward . ! she overrun the elevator car to the ninth floor , thea } back to between six and seven , eventually just above i seven , she open the gate and step down . 125 . int , hallway - ( night ) she run through the turn of hallway as quickly as she can , as she reach the landing near the apart - ment door , she stop , hold she middle , lean against the wall , breathe shallowly , she see the service elevator indicator light blink for the fourth then fifth floor , Rosemary dash for the door ; the key will not go in , the service elevator door apen ; guy and Dr , sapirstein come out , rush towards Rosemary , the apartment door open ; ' Rosemary stumble in . she slam the door behind . she , chain it and bolt it , lean against it , breathe . we hear a key be put into . the lock ; immediately the door open against the chain , we can see guy - face and the ° tip of he finger through the crack . . guy open up , ro. rosemary go to hell . guy I be not go to hurt you , honey . rosemary you promise they the baby , get away . guy & } I do not promise they anything . ' what be you talk about ? Promised who ? 7=2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 150 . ~ ) 125 . ( cont would ) 1 ~ dr , sapirstein ( 0.s. ) } Rosemary . j t i rosemary you too . get away . she push the door shut and bolt it . she back awey watch it . it stay bolt . Rosemary go to the bedroom . the time be ninée - ~ thirty , she pick up the phone and diais . still hold the phone , Rosemary step towards the door and look down the hallway towards the front door , there be quiet , the door be I still close , she step back and sit on the bed . ' baby sitter ( 0.s. ) hello , 's rosemary elise ? baby sitter ( 0.8 . ) Mrs. dunstan be out . rosemary on ) who be this ? we baby sitter ( 0.s. ) the baby sitter , rosemary do you know where she be ? baby sitter ( 0.s. ) they go to the movie . rosemary this be Rosemary . please tell Mrs. dunstan to call Rosemary the second she get back , it 's terribly urgent , please do not forget . baby sitter ( 0.s. ) do not worry . she hang up , and stare at the telephone . we can hear whisper and . footstep . guy honey , we be not go to hurt you . oy Rosemary stand up . - = 7-2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library J of 2 151 . 125 . ( cont would ) 7-267 guy be in the doorway with Mr. Fountain , behind they , Dr. sapirstein with a. load hypodermic , the needle up and drip he thumb at the plunger . other people appear behind they : Mrs. Gilmore , Mrs. Fountain , Dr. shand . mrs . gilmore we be you friend . mrs ... fountain there 's nothing to be afraid of , Rosemary ; honest and truly there be not . dr . sapirstein this be nothing but a mild sedative to calm you down , - Rosemary be between the bed and the wall . they come toward she . guy you know I would not let anyone hurt you , ro ? Rosemary pick up the phone and strike with the . receiver at guy 's head . he catch she wrist . Mr. Fountain catch she other arm and the phone fall . i as he pull she around with startling strength . rosemary ( seream ) help I , somebody } a handkerchief be jamme into she mouth and hold there by a small strong hand . they drag she away from the bed so Dr. sapirstein can come in front of she with the hypodermic and a dab of cotton . Rosemary moan through the handkerchief ; a contraction ; she clenches shut she eye , hold she breath , then suck air in through she nostril in quick little pull . a hand feel she belly deftly . |! dr . sapirstein wait a minute , wait a minute now ; we happen to be in labor here . silence . whisper outside the room . voice ( 0.s. ) she 's in labor . Rosemary open she eye and stare at Dr. sapirstein , ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 152. on 125 . ( cont would ) a drag air in through she nostril . he nod at she , take she arm that Mr. Fountain be hold , touch it with cotton and jab the needle into it . Rosemary take the injection without move . Dr. sapirstein withdraw the needle and rub the spot with he thumb , then with the cotton , the woman be turn down the bed . mrs . gilmore here ? dr . sapirstein here . . Rosemary struggle . in the confusion of this scene we hear Rosemary 's voice , without know if she be say the word - or if they be she thought , at the same time , guy be speak into Rosemary 's ear . rosemary guy it be suppose to be doctor you will be all right , honey , I Hospital ! doctor Hospital , swear to God you will ! do not with nurse and everything go on fight like this , ro , clean and sterile} please do not } I give you my a absolute word of honor you be ad go to be perfectly all - rights another contraction . Dr. sapirstein give Rosemary another injection . Mrs. Gilmore wipe Rosemary 's forehead , the telephone ring . guy she be not here elise , I will have she call you back , another contraction . darkness . we hear Rosemary 's voice . rosemary on , Andy , Andy -or - Jenny ! I be sorry , my little darling . forgive I } 126 . int . bedroom - ( day ) = JUNE 25 , 1966 after a long moment of darkness - light . the ceiling . guy sit beside the bed watch Rosemary with a anxious , uncertain smile . guy hi. 7-2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library fo '' ay a 126 . 127 . 7-24-67 153. ( cont would ) rosema ry hi. ( Long pause ) be it all right ? guy yes , fine . rosema ry what be it ? guy a boy . rosemary really ? a boy ? guy nod . rosemary and it 's all right ? guy yes . Rosemary let she eye close , then manage to open they again . rosema ry do you call Tiffany 's ? guy yes . Rosemary let she eye close and sleep . int . bedroom - ( night ) next to the bed in which Rosemary be sleep , Laura - Louise sit read the " reader 's digest " with a magnify glass . rosema ry where be it ? Laura -louise jump , drop the book and press the magnify glass to she bosom , laura-louise my goodness , dear , what a start you give I . my goodness ! she close she eye and breathes deeply . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15h. 127 . ( cont would ) rosemary the baby ; where be it ? LAURA - louise you just wait here a minute . she get up , retrieve the " reader 's ' digest " , and go toward the door . i rosema ry where 's the baby ? LAURA -louise ( 0.s. ) ( from the hallway ) ttll get Doctor abe , just wait . Rosemary try to get up but fall back , she arm bon - less . she look at the clock , it 's half past six . guy and Dr. sapirstein come in look grave and resolute . rosemary where 's the baby ? guy come around to the side of the bed , crouch down and take she hand . guy honey . rosemary where be it ? guy honey . oe he try to say more but can not . he look across the bed for help . Dr. sapirstein stand look down at Rosemary dr . sapirstein there be complication , Rosemary , but nothing that will effect future birth . rosemary it 's - dr . sapirstein , Dead . cs . Rosemary stare at Dr. sapirstein . he nod . she turas to guy . he nod too . : 72 -67 ( contime ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library '' _ ~ 127 . ( cont would ) dr . sapirstein it be in the wrong position , in the hospital I might have be able to do something , but you would not listen - guy we can have other , honey , just as soon as you be better , I promise you . dr . sapirstein absolutely . you can start on another in a very few month . guy squeeze Rosemary 's hand and smile encouragingly at she . guy as soon as you be better , Rosemary look at they . rosemary | pam you be lie . I do not believe | ne you . you be both lie . | : '' @uy honey . rosemary it do not die . you take it . youtre lie . - you be witch . you be . lie ! youtre lie ! you be lie ! youtre lie ! you be lie ! youtre lie ! you be lie ! : . guy hold she shoulder to the bed and Dr. sapirstein give she a injection . 128 . int . bedroom = ( day ) = JUNE 26 , 1966 Rosemary in bed with a tray of soup and butter white bread on she lap . wuy , stand , hand she a glass of : water and a small white pill . Rosemary take it . guy abe say it 's call prepartum I - do not - know , some kind of hysteria . you be really kapow out of you mind . 7-24-67 .¢ continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 2 156 . ( cont would ) Rosemary say nothing ; she take a spoonful of soup . guy sit on the edge of the bed , and start nibble at one of the bread triangle . guy : listen , I know how you get the idea minnie and Roman be witch , but what make you think abe and I have join the party ? Rosemary say nothing . guy take another of the bread triangle and bite off first one point and then another . guy let 's face it , darling , you have the prepartum crazy . now you be go to rest and get over they . ( lean closer and take she hand ) I know this be the worst thing that ever happen to you , but from now on everything 's go to be rose . paramount be within a inch of where we want they , and suddenly universal be interested too . we be go to blow this town and be in the beautiful hill of beverly , with the. pool and the spice garden and the whole schmeer , and the kid , too , ro. scout 's honor . you hear what abe say . ( he kiss she hand ) get to run now and get famous . he get up and start for the door , rosemary let I see you shoulder . guy stop and turn . rosemary let I see you shoulder , guy be you kid ? rosemary Left shoulder . guy look at she . guy all right , whatever you say , honey . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 157 . -) 128 . ( cont would ) shirt and peel it up over he head . underneath be | ~ he undoe the collar of he short - sleeve blue knit a white T shirt . guy I generally prefer do this to music . he take off the T shirt ; go close to the bed , lean and show Rosemary he leave shoulder , it be unmark . there be only a faint scar of a boil or pimple . guy show he other shoulder , he chest and back , guy ( grinning ) this be as far as I go without a blue light . 129 . int . bedroom - ( night ) - JUNE 28 , 1966 Rosemary be lie in bed watch television . we hea the faint sound of a baby cry . Rosemary ray off the television and listen , she slip out of bed and a turn off the air conditioner . florence gilmore a come in with a pump and cup , glass of water and small white pill on a tray . rosemary do you hear a baby cry ? they both listen , we hear a baby cry . mrs . gilmore no , dear , I do not . get back into bed now . take you pill . she hand Rosemary the tray and switch on the air conditioner , Rosemary put the pill under the mattrea3 , mrs . gilmore do you turn it off ? you must not do that . people be actually die , it 's so hot . Mrs. Gilmore look out the window . 130 . int . bedroom - ( day ) - JUNE 29 , 1966 Rosemary lie in bed . Laura - Louise sit beside , hold the tray , with the pump and cup , glass of water and small white pill . 72-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 158 . 130 . ( cont would ) rosemary what do you do with it ? ( indicating the miik} laura-louise why , throw it away . guy come in . he put he head around the door , guy hello , girl , phews ninety - five outside , laura=louise you pill , Rosemary . Rosemary take the pill , lift it to she mouth and fake swallow it . she take the glass of water and drink it . simultaneously , with she other hand , she siip the pill under the mattress , eight or ten other piil be already there . guy cail from the other room , guy { 0.8.3 } some new peopie move in . up on eight . rosemary do they have a baby ? guy 's head appear once again in the doorway . guy how do you know ? . rosemary I hear it cry . there be a cup and saucer on the bedside with remain of coffee and a dirty spoon beside it . Rosemary take the cup and put it on the tray . she lift the dirty spoon and start put it into the pyrex cup of milk . Laura - Louise grab she hand , LAURA +louise do not do that 's rosemary what difference do it make ? . laura-louise just messy , that 's all . tobke67 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library '' 131 . 72-67 1596 int . bedroom = ( dusk ) Rosemary get out of bed , slide she foot into slip= per , the put on she housecoat . go quietly out of the bedroom , she walk tc the linen closet and open it , the shelf lock neat and orderly , pile with bath towel , hand towel and winter blanket , Rosemary take everything out of the closet except what be on the fix top shelf , she put towel and linen on the floor , then lift out the four ginghame cover shelf , the back of the closet , below the top shelf , be a single large white - paint panel frame with narrow white molding . tanding close and lean aside for better light , Rosemary san see that where the panei and the molding meet , the paint be - break in a continuous line , she press at one side of the panel and then at the other ; press harder , and it swing inward on scraping hinge . within be darkness ; a@ second closet with a wire hanger glint on the floor , and one bright spot of light , a keyhole . push the panel all the way open , Rosemary step into the second closet and duck down , through the keyhole , Rosemary see at a distance a | small curic cabinet that stand at a job in the hall - = way of Mr , and Mrs , castevet 's apartment . Rosemary try the door , it open , she clese it and back out through she own closet and go to the kitchen . from she knifesrack , Rosemary take the longest sharpest carve knife . as she be leave the kit= chen , we hear a key work in the lock of the front door . Rosemary rush intc the nursery , brush against the new bassinet , and press herself against the wall , ' guy enter and go into the kitchen , open the fridge and take out ice cube . Rosemary see that the bassinet be swinging . she stop it with the point of the long knife . guy come out of the kitehen with hutch 's ise bucket in he hand . he open the entrance docr and go out . Rosemary listen for a moment , then move out to the front door and chain it . holding the knife point - down at she side , she go down the hallway to the linen closet door , she cpen it , go through again into the second closet ( quick glance at the under - neath of the fix top . sheif like in the dream ) , look through the keyhole and crack open the door into the castevet 's apartment , holding the knife point forward , rcesgemary push the door wide open and step through . the hallway be empty . there be ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library '' 160 , 131 . ( cont would ) 7~2h.-67 distant voice from the live room , the bathroom be on Rosemary 's right , its door open , dark the caste - vet 's bedroom on the leave , with a bedside lamp burn - ing . she go cautiously down the hallway and try a door on the right ; it be lock . another , on the leave , be a linen closet , over the curio cabinet hang a vivid oil painting of a church in flame . rosemary ( almost inaudible ) - got_her too high . knife high , she follow the jog to the leave and the right . other door be lock , there be another ' painting ; nude man and woman dance in a circle . ahead be the foyer , the front door and the archway on the right to the live room . the voice . be louder . mr . fountain ( 0.s. ) not if he 's still wait for .a plane , he be not ! there be laughter and then hush . mrs . castevet ( 0.s. ) oh hell now , hayato , you be just make fun of I } ' pull my leg ! be what we say over - here , Rosemary be at the archway now , she can see the - coven be at the other end , laugh , talk softly . Ice cube clink , she better she grip on the knife and move a step forward . she stop , stare . , across the room , in the one large window bay , stand a black bassinet , skirt with black taffeta , hood and flounced with black organza , a silver ornament turn on a black ribbon pin to its black hood . the stiff organza tremble , the silver ornament quiver and we can see that it be a crucifix hang upside down , with the black ribbon wound and knotted around Jesus ! ankle , Rosemary wipe she hand on she housecoat , throw back she hair , find a fresh grip on the knife 's thick handle , and step out where they can see-her , insanely , they do not . they go right on talk , listen , sip , pleasantly party : Mr. and Mrs , castevet , guy , Mr. Fountain , the weese , Laura - Louise and a studious ~ - look young japanese with eye-glass . all gather under a over - the-mantel portrait of adrian marcato ( the same as in the book ) , ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library '' 131 . 7-2h.-67 161 , ( cont would ) Mr. castevet see Rosemary first , put down he drink and touch Mrs , castevet 's arm . the voices. fade . that who sit with they back to Rosemary turn around questioningly . guy start to rise but sit down again . Laura - Louise clap both hand to she mouth and start squealing . mrs , gilmore get back in bed , Rosemary ; you know you be not suppose to be up and around , japanese be the mother ? Mr , castevet nod and the japanese look at Rosemary with interest , japanese ah , sssss3sssss3sss . watch they , Rosemary start across the room toward the bassinet . . . mr . castevet Rosemary . rosemary shut up . mr . castevet before you look at ~ . rosemary . shut up . you be in dubrovnik , I do not hear you . : vo Rosemary watch they until she be by . the bassinet , which be angle in they direction , with she free hand , she catch the black - cover handle and swing the bassinet slowly , gently , around to face she , . taffeta rustle , the black wheel squeal , she look in , smiling gently , she slowly reach she leave arm to take the baby . the smile fade on she face and change into a expression of horror , she back slowly away and freeze with she eye wide open . rosemary what have you do to it ? what have you do to its eye ? they stir and look to Mr , castevet , . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Fe | | 162 . 1 — ~ 131 . ( cont would ) ? mr. castevet he have his Father 's eye . Rosemary look at he , look at guy - whose eye : be hide behind a hand - look at Mr. castevet again . rosemary what be you talk about ? guy 's eye be normal ! wat have you do to he , you maniac ? she move from the bassinet , ready to kill he . . mr. castevet Satan be his Father , not guy . he come up from Hell and begat a Son i of mortal woman : mr. wees hail Satan . Mr. castevet cry , he voice grow louder and prouder , he bear more strong and forceful . mr. castevet a Satan be his Father and his name vu ts " adrian ! he shall overthrow the : mighty and lay waste they temple ! he shall redeem the despise and wreak vengeance in the name of the burn and the torture ! hail adrian ! voice hail adrian ! hail adrian ! mr . castevet hail Satan ! hail Satan . '' voice hail Satan ! Rosemary shake she head . rosemary no. mrs . castevet he choose you out of all . the world , Rosemary . jut of all the woman in the whole world , he choose you . he arrange everything ' cause he want zou to be the mother of his only ving Son . 7-24-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 7 131 . ( cont would ) ne mr. castevet his power be stronger than stronger . | | i | mrs . wees hail Satan . £ mr . castevet his might will last longer than longer . japanese hail satant Laura - Louise uncover she mouth . guy look out at Rosemary from under he hand . ' rosemary no , it canit be . no. mrs . castevet go look ak his -hands . _ LAURA - louise and his foot . rosemary oh God . she cover she face . the knife fall into the floor and sway , upright . '' mr. castevet ( thunder ) God be dead ! rosemary oh go oh God ! oh go mr . castevet God be dead . Satan life ! the year be one. voice - . mr , castevet hail Satan ! hail adrian} the year be one , God be done} hail adriant hail Satan ! the year be one , adrian 's begunt Rosemary back away . rosemary no , no . she back further and further away through the shouting eq people . in the confusion of movement , a faint fragment == of she dream flash . a chair be behind she ; she sit 7-24-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 164 . — ~ 131 . ( cont would ) aoe down on it and stare at they . Mrs. castevet go over and , grunt as she stoops , pull out the knife and take it into the kitchen . guy follow she . Laura - Louise rock the bassinet possessively , make face into it . Rosemary sit stare . Mr. castevet come over to she . mr . castevet why do not you help we out , Rosemary , be a real mother to adrian . you 's do not have . to join if you do not want to ; just be a mother to you baby . ( bend down and whisper ) minnie and Laura - Louise be too old . it 's not right . Rosemary look at Mr. castevet . he straighten up . the doorbell ring . mr . castevet think about it , Rosemary . he go to answer the door . , a : rosemary se oh god. LAURA -louise ( rocking the bassinet ) shut up with you ' oh God 's , or we will kill you , milk or no milk . mrs . wees you shut up . '' she come to Rosemary and put a dampen handkerchief in she hand . mrs . wees Rosemary be his mother , so you show some respect . Laura -louise mutter . Rosemary wipe she forehead and cheek with . the hand - kerchief . the japanese , sit across the room on a hassock , catch Rosemary 's eye , grin and duck he head . he hold up a open camera into which he be put film . Rosemary look down and start cry . Mr. castevet come in , hold the arm of argyron stavropoulos . he be a robust , handsome , dark -skin man , wear a white suit , white shoe and carry 7=2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library enn 131 . 7-267 165 . ( cont would ) a large box wrap in light blue paper pattern with teddy bear and candy cane , musical sound com from it . everyone gather to meet he and shake he hand . there be a confuse , hushed conversation from which word like " worried - pleasure -- airport - stavropoulos -- occasion " can be hear , Laura - Louise bring the box to the bassinet , she hold it up for the baby to see , shake it , and put it on the window seat , there be other box similarly wrap and a few that be wrap in black with black ribbon . Mr , castevet draw argyron stavropoulos forward , mr . castevet come , my friend . come see him . come see the child . they go to the bassinet . Laura - Louise wait with a proprietary smile . they close around it and look into it silently . argyron stavropoulos lower himself to he knee . guy come back from the kitchen , over to Rosemary . he stand look down at she , guy - they promise I you would not be hurt , and you have not be , really . I mean , suppose you would have a baby .- and lose its would not it be the same ? and we be get so much in return , ro , Rosemary put the handkerchief on the table , look at guy , and , as hard as she can , spit at he . guy flush and turn away , wiping he face , Laura -louise rock the bassinet , the baby start whimper . Mr. castevet catch guy by the arm , mr . castevet guy , let I introduce you to argyron stavropoulos . - argyron stavropoulos clasp guy 's hand in both he own . stavropoulos how proud you must be . he look over guy 's shoulder , at Rosemary . ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 3 166 . 131 . ( cont would ) : stavropoulos be this the mother ? why in the name of - Mr. castevet draw he away , speak in he ear . Mrs. castevet bring a mug of steaming tea to Rosemary . mrs . castevet here . drink this and you will feel a little better . Rosemary look at the mug and look up at Mrs. castevet . rosemary what 's in it ? tannis root ? mrs . castevet nothing be in it . it 's plain ordi - nary Lipton tea . you drink it . Rosemary look at Laura - Louise rock the bassinet . the baby be still whimper , and Laura -louise rock it faster and faster , Rosemary get up and go over , laura-louise get away from here . Roman ! rosemary you be rock he too fast . laura~louise sit down ! ( to Mr. castevet ) get she out of here . put she where she belong . rosemary you be rock he too fast . that 's why he 's whimper . laura-louise mind you own business ! mr . castevet let Rosemary rock him . Laura - Louise stare at he . he stand behind the bassinet 's head . 7-2h-67 ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 167 . 131 . ( cont would ) mr . castevet go on . sit down with she other . let Rosemary rock him , laura=}louise she 's liable - mr , castevet sit down with the other , laura-louise . Laura -louise huff and march away . mr . castevet rock he , he smile at Rosemary and move the bassinet back and forth towards she , hold it .by its hood . Rosemary stand still and look at he , rosemary you be try to get I to be he mother , " mr , castevet be not you his mother ? slowly , Rosemary let the black - cover handle come into she hand , and close she finger around it , for a few moment they rock the bassinet between they , then Mr , castevet let go and Rosemary rock it alone , nice and slowly , Mr , castevet withdraw silently to where everybody now stand in a semi-circle , watch . Dr. sapirstein come into the room and look at the scene . in surprise . Mrs , castevet put she finger to she lip . the japanese step forward and crouching down to find a angle , click he camera , very softly , Rosemary be hum . from behind the window , we can.hear the distant noise of the-street . and car hoot , the sun have . already set behind the building and the pleasant evening light cover the city . the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library