roughshod written by Hugo butler &amp ; geoffrey Homes Story by Peter viertel ext . desert - dawn full shot . the sun , spin up from behind the dark rim of eastern hill , be bleach the cloudless , morning sky . this be volcanic country , barren , desolate , forbid . there be no sign of life , no sound . then on a distant hill , a man appear , to be follow by two other . they walk steadily forward . dissolve ext . narrow canyon - dawn mo . shot . a dry watercourse thread its way through the cut in the treeless hill . the sun be not high enough as yet to drive night from the canyon . a man appear around a bend ; another and still another . they be mccall , Peters and lednov , clad in prison clothes , hatless , they head closely cropped . as lednov 's face come into a closeup , dissolve ext . hill - dawn long shot - down angle . a narrow valley lie below . through it run a cottonwood - border stream . smoke curl up out of the tree . horse graze in a small meadow near the creek . from o.o. come the SOUND of heavy boot crunching across the dry , erode earth . the three man file past camera to stop in the immediate f.g. and look down into the valley . they exchange glance and start down . dissolve ext . forster camp - dawn mo . shot - angle through willow . a bearded man , Cal Forster , and two young fellow in they late teens squat beside a campfire eat breakfast . o.s. there be the SOUND of movement . lednov move cautiously into the scene . he have a revolver in he hand . Forster turn toward camera and fear come into he expression . lednov fire . Forster crumple near the fire . the two boy jump to they foot and reach for rifle . lednov fire again and again . mccall and Peters come into the scene , both fire revolver . dissolve ext . forster camp - dawn mo shot - angle across campfire . on the fire smoulder the prison clothes the convict have wear . smoke spiral up . in the b.b. lednov , Peters and mccall , now wear the clothes of the three forster , saddle the horse . camera pan around and angle down . the body of Forster and he son , now clad in underwear be sprawle by the fire . Forster 's arm lie close to the smoulder clothing . dissolve ext . creek - dawn mo . long shot . smoke climb above the tree . into the clear ride the three convict , to cross it and move westward . they disappear over the hill . a dust cloud mark they passage . camera hold on the scene and over the shot come the MAIN title card : roughshod ext . desert road - day long shot . a buckboard draw by two horse come along the road . Graham , a middle - age rancher , be drive . as the horse trot forward and dust rise above the road , the next title card be show . dissolve ext . creek - day long shot - down angle . Graham 's buckboard move down the road toward the clear , as the title card follow and change . when the buckboard reach the creek , the last title card be end . ext . meadow - day mo . shot . Graham drive the horse through the creek and into the meadow . through the tree the Forster camp can be see . Graham glance over , then suddenly pull on the rein . as the horse stop , he twist the rein around the whip stock , grab he rifle from under the seat , leap out and hurry forward toward the camp . ext . forster camp - day mo . shot . Graham hurry through the tree to stop in horror near the dead man . then very slowly he move forward to the smoulder fire . stoop he lift Forster 's arm away from the fire , then pick up one of the prison coat and look at it . dissolve ext . desert road - day mo . long shot . the surround hill be cover with scrub pinon pine and mesquite . Graham 's buckboard , move slowly up a hill , pass camera , which pan with it . in the bed , cover by a tarp , be the three body . the narrow , one - way road climb easily up the gentle hill . Beyond , a dust cloud rise . as Graham 's buckboard near the crest , a surrey appear and start down . Graham pull he team into the bank , try to make room for the surrey . mo . shot there be four woman in the two -seate surrey , which be heavily load with trunk , hatboxes , etc . Mary Wells , the loveliest of the four , be drive . she be more poise , more self - assure than the other . her clothes , though a trifle showy , be attractive . she wear a large spectacular hat . helen Carter , showier , harder and more cynical , sit beside she . in the seat behind be marcia paine , placid , young look than she year , and Elaine Ross , a strike blonde with a pale haunt face . Elaine be obviously ill . Mary be riding the brake and hold the team back . another angle shoot past Graham . graham ( annoyed ) what in thunderation -- ( call ) wait a minute -- stop -- he jerk on the rein and try to make room for the surrey . a steep bank be on camera leave . on camera right , the road drop off into a gulley . as the surrey come up Mary rein the team in . the woman all look frighten . Graham , try to force he team to pull the vehicle up the bank , be too occupy to recognize the woman at once . have make just enough room for the surrey , he turn and look at the woman . graham all right -- ( then surprised ) what be you girl doin ' way out here ? Mary look ahead at the narrow road and the canyon to she leave . mary until you come along we be go to sonora . graham what do you know about that . do you sell you place ? mary ( dryly ) not exactly . they decide gambling and dance be bad for people . ( point ) can I make it ? graham depend on how good you drive . helen she 's a little out of practice . Graham jump over the wheel . mo . close on surrey Graham reach the surrey . graham ( cheerfully ) slide over . helen ( get up ) I be slidin ' all the way over . she climb out . marcia look at the narrow space ahead . marcia ( rise ) so be i. come on Elaine . Elaine lean back against the cushion and shake she head . elaine ( flat ) what 's the difference if we fall in the canyon . marcia do not talk like that . helen be out on the road now . Mary have move over and Graham pick up the rein . marcia give up and jump out . graham nothin ' to it -- he release the brake . graham -- once you know how . trouble be , never be a woman know how to handle a team . should not let them loose on the road . no disrespect mean , miss Wells . Mary be not listen . she be look at the road . Elaine close she eye . helen and marcia scurry back out of the way . graham get up . adroitly he drive the surrey past . another angle feature buckboard . helen and marcia start along the road past the buckboard . helen stop and look at its cargo in horror . she grab marcia 's arm . the girl look at each other and hurry after the surrey which have stop below the buckboard . mo . shot on surrey . Graham jump out . graham there you be . now take it easy and you will be all right . mary thank you , Mr. Graham . helen and marcia hurry up . marcia motion back . marcia ( aghast ) there 's -- dead man -- in you wagon ! graham that 's right . you have I so busy I forget -- ( worried ) come to think of it you better turn around and drive right back to aspen . the woman exchange glance . Elaine be sit up , she eye open . graham they be murder . I find the body on alder crick , northeast of here . like I say if I be you , I would go back , because the man who kill they might be on this road . elaine ( bitterly ) back to what ? graham why , back to aspen , where you come from . as Mary speak , helen push marcia into the surrey and climb up beside Mary . mary aspen do not want we Mr. Graham . they throw we out . graham ( distress ) they should not have do that . mary we try to point that out . but there be some pretty nosey citizen who would not listen to reason . they say aspen have outgrown we . it 's all right to play poker in you own home but not in a saloon . graham ( sadly ) I know something would happen when they start puttin ' up fence and passin ' law . Mary unwrap the rein from the whipstock . mary Goodbye and thanks . graham I do not like to see you go . Mary release the brake and the surrey start roll forward . graham but that 's the way it be . the live one go out and the dead one come in . the surrey start down the hill . Graham look after it , then turn to go back to the buckboard , camera panning with he . dissolve ext . aspen - day - ( matte shot ) the town lie in a lush green valley . it be surround by meadowland and shade by cottonwood , alder and aspen . in the f.g. Graham 's buckboard move fast down hill . dissolve out ext . aspen STREET - day dissolve in full shot . in the f.g. a smallish crowd , mostly man and child idle in the street in front of Mary Wells ' gambling and dance Hall . the wooden sidewalk be cluttere with that article belong to the woman that be too bulky to get into the surrey . several woman stand on the porch supervise the lock up of the place and the removal of the sign of Mary Wells ' name on it . Graham 's buckboard round a corner at a fast trot . he slow the team to let the people get out of the way . mo . shot on buckboard the team have slowed to a walk . the people give they attention to the buckboard . a boy clamber up over the tailboard , see the cargo and jump off with a frighten yell . the crowd turn from the dance hall and follow the buckboard leave the woman and they pious male assistant on the porch . ext . sheriff' office - day mo . full shot - angle to include blacksmith shop across the street . Far down the street come Graham 's buckboard follow by the small crowd . the sheriff 's office be a one - story wooden structure . next to it be the general store . in front of the blacksmith shop stand a wagon with one wheel off . in the corral alongside be eleven blooded mare . clay Phillips , he brother Steve and the blacksmith be inside the shop . clay 's saddle horse be tethere to the hitching rail beside two harness work horse . int . blacksmith shop - day angle to include sheriff 's office . the blacksmith , Sam Ellis , a elderly bent man in a leather apron stand at the forge in which he be heating the rim from the big wheel which lie on the table nearby . clay , a long - legge wrangler in clean but fade work clothes stand near the forge pump the bellow and watch he brother , a freckle kid of sixteen try to roll a cigarette . Steve have progress to the most difficult step , that of lick and sealing the paper . clay reach over and take it from he . he put the skinny cylinder in he mouth and Steve light it for he . the first third of the cigarette burn with one quick flare . steve how do she draw ? clay a little hot . Sam lift the rim to the wheel . SAM you want to get out of here before noon , maybe you should lend I a hand . clay , the cigarette dangle from he lip , move over to the table , pick up a hammer and help Sam hammer the rim on the wheel . Steve stand watch . clay rate you be goin ' , we will be here until winter . together they lift the wheel and plunge it into the tub of water . steam rise to fill the blacken shed . SAM ( amiably grumble ) account of you , I miss out on the only excitement aspen 's have for month . clay you be too old to watch such goin 's on . steve and I be too young . clay and Sam spin the wheel in the tub . clay that 's right . steve I do not see no sense to makin ' people leave town if they do not want to leave . SAM I do not either -- when people be that good - lookin ' . maybe that 's why -- they be too good - lookin ' . ( philosophically ) but there will be other along to take they place after a while when this quiet down . and everything will be fine until some busybody start stir up trouble . clay ( mildly ) do not you ever run down ? SAM ( to Steve ) some people just have to run other people 's life . now take clay . you want to amble up the street and see the fun and what do he say ? clay ( good-nature ) you stick to you blacksmithin ' and let I take care of Steve . from o.s. come the SOUND of the approach buckboard and crowd . Steve hear the noise and move to the front of the shed . ext . sheriff' office - day mo . full shot - Steve 's angle . Graham pull he buckboard up , jump out and hurry into the sheriff 's office . some kid run up to stand on the porch chatter excitedly . member of the crowd straggle up . int . blacksmith shop - day angle past Steve . clay come up to stand beside Steve . Sam join they . Steve look up at clay hopefully . clay we will both take a look . anything 's better than listenin ' to sam. ( to Sam ) do not forget to shoe the mule . clay and Steve exit . Sam look after they , shrug disgustedly and go back to the wheel . ext . sheriff' office - day mo . shot - feature buckboard . the crowd around the wagon stand in shocked silence look at the body under the tarp . clay and steve come up , glance in the buckboard and then at each other . clay speak to a man near he . clay who be they ? man do not know . Graham bring them in . the sheriff call from o.s. gardner' voice clay , come up here a minute . another angle featuring porch sheriff gardner , who have see clay through the window , come out of he office on to the porch follow by jeb Graham and a young deputy . in he hand gardner hold the burn prison jacket . clay go up the step to the porch . Steve follow to the foot of the step to stand watch . the crowd around the wagon give its attention to the man on the porch . mo . shot gardner be neatly dress with he star hide under he coat . his deputy wear jeans , shirt , and leather jacket . clay hello Graham -- Joe -- Mr. gardner . gardner Graham 's get something to tell you might interest you . graham ( motion toward wagon ) Cal Forster and he son . somebody kill them . he pause to let that sink in . graham you know that cottonwood grove on alder crick ? they must have be eatin ' breakfast the way it look , sittin ' by the fire eatin ' breakfast and when I get there nothin ' but they lyin ' dead in they underdrawer . no horse or gun or grub . clay ( shocked ) Forster never do anyone any harm . ( puzzle ) but what 's that get to do with I ? I come into town from the south . gardner hold out the burn jacket . gardner this be smoulderin ' on the fire . clay move over to glance down at the jacket . clay I still do not see . from he pocket , gardner take several communication , thumb through they and pass one over . it be a telegram , of the period . gardner I get it day before yesterday . clay read it . insert telegram of the period : sheriff gardner : aspen , nev . be advise of escape of lednov , peter and mccall convicted murderer serving life term . believed head for california . l.b. grove , warden state penitentiary norton , nev . back to scene . clay hand the telegram back . gardner now be you interested ? clay nod . gardner you should be . maybe lednov hear about that sonora ranch of yours . clay maybe he do . gardner we be go to look for he . want to come along ? clay I have get eleven horse to get over the mountain before snow catch I and cover the feed . gardner ( dryly ) and that 's more important than find lednov ? clay like you say , maybe he know where my ranch be . if he do , he will be wait on the porch . he turn toward the step . gardner ( with irony ) I will drop the sheriff in sonora a line to sort of look around for he . clay speak over he shoulder as he go down . clay thanks . another angle as clay start away , Steve follow he . clay do not cross to the blacksmith shop . he go along the sidewalk toward the general store . Steve hurry to catch up with he . ext . STREET - day moving shot . clay , deep in think , seem unaware of he brother at he side . steve who 's lednov ? clay a man I use to know . they walk in silence to the General store and clay go up the step and across the porch . Steve follow close behind . full shot the store be a typical general store of the period , sell everything from buggy to baby clothes . in one corner be the postoffice . the storekeeper , haye , be unpack a case of can goods , stack the can on the shelf . clay , follow by Steve , enter . haye glance over . mo . shot clay cross to the shelf where the rifle and shotgun shell be keep and take down a half dozen box of 30 30 cartridge . haye forget something ' , clay ? clay shell . how much for six box ? haye six time six bit . but wait until I finish this . besides clay , Steve be inspect a rack of gun . steve you might tell a fellow thing , 'specially if the fellow 's you brother , seem to I . clay like what ? Steve pick up a rifle , put it to he shoulder and squint along the barrel . steve like why you be buyin ' a whole slew of 30 30 shell all of a sudden . clay I do not want to run short . steve you never say this lednov 's name before , that I can remember . clay no call to . that jail look pretty solid to I . ( point to rifle ) how 's she feel ? steve Nice . he pull the hammer back and snap the trigger . haye come across and take the gun from he . haye you know bettern ' to do that , Steve . unless you be figurin ' on buyin ' it . clay one he 's get , more he size . steve but it 's lead up and anyway a 22 's no good for real huntin' . you shoot a man with a 22 and where be you ? clay the thing to do be stick to rabbit . he hand haye some money for the shell . haye cross to another part of the store to get change . clay and Steve , who have pick up the rifle again , move over to the counter . another angle steve what be he in jail for ? clay you sure worry that bone . he kill a fellow . steve in a fight ? clay the other fellow be not even lookin' . steve this be a awful nice gun . ( sighting it ) certainly come in handy when there 's man around who shoot people that be not lookin ' . clay grin . haye come up with the change . clay take out some bill and give they to the storekeeper . clay ( point to rifle ) I may as well buy it for he . otherwise he will be cry all the way over the hill . Steve 's expression show he gratitude and delight . he cover up with banter . steve you must be plenty worried about lednov sneakin ' up on we . ( hopefully ) think he will ? clay yes . steve at the ranch maybe ? clay maybe at the ranch . maybe sooner than that . steve ( annoyed ) do you have to be so close - mouth ? I be you brother . and I be ridin ' with you . remember ? clay ( smile ) all right . I will tell you . he put one of the box of shell on the end of the counter . mo . close - down angle clay let 's say this be the penitentiary . he reach down into one of the barrel in front of the counter . the barrel be fill with bean , nail , dry apple , hardtack , etc . clay take a handful of bean and make a trail end in a little pile . clay here 's alder crick . he put another box of shell on the other side of the counter . clay and here we be in aspen . he run a trail of bean away from " aspen " toward the end of the counter . he run another trail from " alder crick " to cross the aspen trail . he put another box of shell on the far end of the counter . clay that 's sonora . he reach down without look and bring up a hardtack . clay motion ) lednov get out of jail and come along here to alder crick . then go along here toward the sonora road . clay drop the hardtack back from where the bean trail cross . clay that 's lednov ! ( trace ) we come along here . steve ( point ) and meet he there . clay unless the sheriff get too close and he hole up . he hold out he hand and haye hand he he change . clay so let 's go . Steve tuck he gun under he arm . as he pass the counter , he pick up the hardtack and start eat it . ext . general store mo . shot - angle toward sheriff 's office . up the street man be gather around the sheriff 's office . some be mount . some be tightening they cinch . clay and Steve come out of the store to look up the street . Steve munch the hardtack . steve ( motion ) sure a lot of guy lookin ' for lednov . clay yeah -- and lednov 's only lookin ' for one man . me. steve why ? clay he do not like I . what you eatin' ? steve lednov . he glance at the remain piece of hardtack and then pitch it away . steve I do not like he . clay laugh . as they start up the street , the sheriff mount he horse and , follow by he man , ride forward . dissolve ext . desert road - day close shot . a woman 's hat lie on the rocky earth . it be a big , elaborate affair . o.s. there be the SOUND of hoofbeat , the squeal of a wagon brake and the jangle of harness . camera pull back and angle widen to reveal clay 's wagon come down a very steep hill . Steve be drive , hold tightly to the rein and riding the brake . see the hat , he yell to clay . steve another one , clay . clay ride over and , swinging down , pick it up . mo . shot angle down hill . the road twist tortuously down . near the bottom it swing sharply at right angle into a dry wash . the bank shut out further view of the road . near where the road turn a trunk lie at the side . it have break open and some of the content be spill out in the dust . clay ride to it , rein in he horse and look down . Steve , with difficulty , pull the mule to a stop alongside . another angle feature trunk and wagon . clay swing out of he saddle , start toss the clothes back in the trunk . Steve jump down . steve they sure must have be travelin' . this keep up we can start a store . clay thing get tough next winter , you will have something ' to wear . Steve hold up a petticoat close to he body and grin . steve I would look good doin ' the ploughin ' in this . clay take it from he , put it in the trunk and shut the lid . Steve help he hoist the trunk into the wagon bed . Steve get back in the seat . just as clay be about to mount , he stop and pick up a small fold daguerrotype case delicately ornament . he lift he eyebrow , tuck the case into he pocket , then mount and start ahead around the bend . mo . long shot clay 's angle . ahead , off the road in the wash be the surrey that pass Graham 's buckboard at the fork . clay spur he horse forward . mo . shot on surrey . the back wheel be break and the bed of the surrey rest on the ground . the horse have be take from the trace and stand dejectedly in the hot sun . a blanket be spread in the scant shade throw by the surrey . on it lie Elaine and , sit beside she , be marcia . a damp cloth be spread across Elaine 's forehead . a water bag hang from the surrey . Elaine 's head be pillow on a dainty satin cushion . helen and Mary have rise at clay 's approach and now stand by the road . another angle clay gallop forward to pull up near the surrey . in the b.g. Steve drive the wagon around the bend . clay dismount . mo . group shot clay drop he rein and hurry up . clay anybody hurt ? mary no . we come down the hill a little fast and ... ( rueful ) ... the wheel break . ( hopefully ) can you fix it for we ? clay bend over Elaine . clay what 's the matter with she ? mary ( dryly ) too much excitement . how about the surrey . can you fix it ? clay turn from Elaine and give he attention to the surrey . another angle on rear of surrey . in the b.g. Steve pull the wagon to a stop , jump off , and come run over . steve jimininy . you sure be lucky , just bustin ' a wheel . helen move toward clay . she mile without humor . helen ( rub thigh ) you think that ' sall we bust -- you should see ... clay stop she with a look , go around , and kick the unbroken back wheel . the spoke rattle . clay this must have be in the family a long time . mary ( dryly ) it be a gift from the citizen of aspen . I be Mary Wells . she look at he to see if the name register . mary and this be helen Carter . clay I be clay Phillips . ( motion ) my brother Steve . Steve tug at he batter hat . steve ( shy ) please to meet you , mar 'am . ( brightly ) we find you trunk . be you doin ' the drive ' ? mary I be at first . then I be hang on . ( to clay ) be you go far ? clay yes , mar 'am . mary as far as -- sonora ? clay just about . Mary and helen exchange glance . mary we be go to sonora , too , so that solve everything . clay take the making from he pocket , start to roll a cigarette . mary we can ride in you wagon . Steve look at clay hopefully . he like the prospect of have this lovely woman along . mary we would not think of ask you to take we for nothing . clay finish the cigarette , start to put the making back . Mary hold out she hand . clay give she the making . Mary speak as she casually roll a cigarette . mary there 's only four of we . clay motion to the remuda that graze in the b.g. clay I have get eleven horse . steve ( proudly ) Morgan blood . the beat in nevada . clay and I have a place on the toulomne River . we be go to raise horse like this . Mary have finish roll she cigarette . she pass the bag to helen , who start roll one . mary they will not be riding in the wagon . clay ( dryly ) do you ever try take a bunch of horse over sonora pass ? it 's quite a job . mary you can not leave we here . clay course I can not . I will give you a lift to the first ranch . helen have finish she cigarette . she pass the making to Steve . he hesitates , look at he brother and , when he see clay be occupy with Mary , start roll one . mary what good be it go to do we to go to some ranch ? clay ( amiably ) you can stay here if you like . mary we have to get to sonora . there be job wait for we there . we will pay you for you trouble . clay I be not run a stage line , mar 'am , and I can not take a chance on lose the horse . Steve finish he cigarette . again he hesitates , then not want to seem young in front of this woman he take a bold step and light it . clay reach over and take it from he . Mary watch the byplay . clay when you be old enough to smoke , I will tell you . ( kind ) get the horse start on ahead , will you , Steve ? Steve , embarrassed and hurt , turn quickly away . helen look after the boy . helen afraid it will stop he growin' ? clay ( turn ) let 's get you stuff in the wagon . like I say , I will take you to the first ranch . I wish I could carry you all the way , but I can not . it 's a tough trip and woman would be in the way . mary ( dryly ) we kind of woman ? clay ( ignore that ) you will have to drive -- except down hill . he lift some thing out of the surrey and carry they toward the wagon . helen maybe you be go about this all wrong . why not try tell he we will do the cookin ' and mendin ' and washin ' for he . that usually work . ( then shocked at the think ) yeah , but suppose he take we up on it . where would we be ? mary maybe in sonora . she start around the surrey . helen follow . clay bend over Elaine . clay what 's the matter with she ? mary ( dryly ) too much excitement . or maybe it 's just the heat . how about the surrey . can you fix it ? as clay turn from Elaine , marcia join the other two , they attention on clay and the surrey . Left alone , Elaine be suddenly alert and no longer sick . she glance around , then unobserve slide out from under the shade of the surrey . another angle on rear of surrey . in the b.g. Steve pull the wagon to a stop , jump off , and come run over . Elaine stand for a moment , search the ground with she eye . steve jiminy . you sure be lucky , just bustin ' a wheel . helen move toward clay . she smile without humor . with this new diversion , Elaine , still unnotice , start away -- back toward where they drop the trunk . helen ( rub thigh ) you think that 's all we bust -- you should see ... mary ( see Elaine ) now where 's she goin ' ? -- elaine ( half -turn without stop ) I -- lose something . clay it would not happen to be this ... Elaine stop now and turn as clay take the fold daguerrotype case from he pocket . Elaine , she eye wide and frighten , start back as Mary take the case from clay and open it . mary who 's the old folk ? elaine ( frantic ) give it to I ! she jerk the case from Mary 's hand , snap it shut , and stand stare at Mary with a strange mixture of fright , anger and hysteria . Mary glance around as if to say what - do - I - do ? to cover the embarrassed silence , clay kick the unbroken back wheel . the spoke rattle . clay this must have be in the family a long time . Elaine glance at he as though he have insulted she , turn and start toward the blanket again . mary ( dryly ) it be a gift from the citizen of aspen . I be Mary Wells . she look at he to see if the name register . at the surrey side , Elaine be abruptly weak again . she lean against it for support . mareia move to she as she slide back down on the blanket , clutching the case . mary and this be helen Carter . clay I be clay Phillips . ( motion ) my brother Steve . Steve tug at he batter hat . steve ( shy ) please to meet you , mar 'am . ( brightly ) we find you trunk . be you doin ' the drivin ' ? another angle Mary and helen come around the end of the surrey to where Elaine lie . Mary bend beside the sick girl and lift the cloth from the girl 's forehead . mary come on , honeybunch . we be change train . the sick girl sit up . she look around she dully . mary a nice , kind wrangler be let we ride in he wagon ... assisted by Mary , Elaine get to she foot . Mary put she arm around she . mary ... as far as the first ranch . from then on -- Elaine stop . she look fearfully up at helen . elaine what ranch ? mary what 's the difference ? she try to lead the girl toward the wagon . elaine ( fierce ) ask he what ranch -- mary there 's plenty of time for that . ( sharp ) come on , now . you have get to lie down out of this sun . stop worry . I will find out what ranch after a while . she pull the girl with she toward the wagon . mo . shot on wagon . clay , in the wagon bed , be stow he gear in the back . Mary , support Elaine , reach the wagon . see the girl , clay reach down and gently lift Elaine up . Mary climb in beside he . mo . close wagon bed . clay have unroll a bedroll under the seat where there be a little shade . clay ( kind ) stretch out under the seat , miss . elaine ( desperate ) which ranch ? clay how 's that ? mary she 's worried about where you be take we . as she speak , Mary help the girl down under the seat , then rise to face clay . mary ( dryly ) so be i. clay it 's a nice place own by a old couple name Wyatt . close shot Elaine as she hear the name . she be shocked . clay's voice they will take you in until you can make other arrangement . two shot clay and Mary . clay vault out of the wagon , camera angle widen , he look up . clay so both of you stop worry . he turn away and hurry back to the surrey . dissolve ext . desert road - day full shot . Dust rise over the road as the cavalcade move forward . clay , rifle across he lap , ride in front . the wagon , with Mary drive and helen beside she on the seat , follow . the two horse that pull the surrey be tie to the tail gate . then come the remuda with Steve bring up the rear . close shot marcia and Elaine . process . marcia sit in the bed of the wagon look back . Elaine lie under the seat . close shot Steve . Steve proudly carry he new rifle across he lap . he whistle happily as he scan the desert country hopefully for the enemy . ext . camp site - late afternoon full shot . Long shadow of the hill lie on the grassy meadow along the stream that be border by cottonwood and willow . a knoll overlook the camp site . the caravan can be see as it halt in the lush grass a few yard from the stream . the girl sit lifelessly on the wagon ; they seem too tired to dismount . then , finally , marcia help Elaine to climb stiffly down . with the exception of Mary they all let themselves down in the grass . Mary walk to the head of the team and start fumble with the harness . Steve come into the scene , dismount quickly and pull the saddle off he horse . the remuda have fan out , the horse move toward the water . Steve cross to Mary and take over the job of unbuckle the harness . Mary smile gratefully and rub she hand across she face . clay's voice Steve , see the horse do not drink too much -- Steve straighten , look towards the horse and move off . he speak to Mary over he shoulder . steve leave that unharness for I , ma'am . Mary smile after he , then move across the grass , camera dollying ahead of she . she sink to she knee in the patch of sand by the stream and lean down and put she face under the water . then , sit up , she wipe the water and dust from she face with a handkerchief . clay ride up from behind , dismount , scoops up some water from the river in the brim of he hat and drink it . for a second he watch Mary . clay there 's a place down a way , where you and the girl can wash some of that dust off . Mary 's manner be business - like . she and the girl be along for the ride . she want no favor -- want to do she part . mary thanks . and be not there something we can do about supper -- or make the bed ? clay ( half -smile ) Steve and I , we use a saddle for a pillow and roll up in a tarp . mary ( curt ) but you eat , do not you ? clay mostly , we open a can of bean and boil some coffee . mary where do you keep the can opener ? clay in the grub box . ( soften ) toward morning the dew get kind of heavy so maybe you better fix up a bed under the wagon . spread some bunch grass under the tarp and the ground will not be so hard . he turn and lead he horse back to the wagon , stand there unsaddle it . Mary rise . mary marcia -- all of you . come on . she start downstream . mo . shot angle past wagon . clay toss the saddle into the wagon bed , slap he mare on the rump . she trot off . climb up on the wheel , he get the grub box under the seat and lift it down . Steve come from out of scene and start unharness the team . steve ( try to be casual ) where would they go ? clay swim . clay come past he , carry the grub box . he put it down near where some stone make a crude firebox . steve it 's sort of nice have company along . not so lonesome . clay squat by the stone and start building a fire . clay when you get the team water , rustle up some wood . he fan the small flame with he hat . Steve lead the mule down toward the stream . mo . shot angle past clay . in the b.g. Steve stand by the stream , let the team drink . o.s. the woman can be hear laugh and splash . Steve give all he attention to what be go on downstream . clay put wood on the fire , open the grub box . he see Steve , take the coffee pot out of the box and head for the stream . mo . long shot angle past Steve downstream . behind the willow the girl be bathing . however they be too far away to be see clearly and the willow make a fairly effective screen . clay walk upstream and fill the coffee pot , then come back to stand for a moment beside Steve . Steve , who have not see clay until now , suddenly get very busy give all he attention to the mule . steve ( to mule ) you boy have have enough . he jerk they from the water and lead they away . clay frown after he , then go back to the wagon . mo . shot on wagon and fire . as clay pass the wagon , he reach into the bed and get a couple of strip of scrap iron . this he carry to the fire . he put the iron strip across the blaze , set the coffee pot on , feed the fire with some more wood , then go back to the wagon , he take he rifle out , throw a shell into the chamber and start off up the knoll . dissolve ext . knoll - night mo . shot . it be a moonlight night . clay squat on he heel , smoking . the rifle lie across he knee . below can be see the campfire , and the shadowy form of the girl as with Steve 's help they make up a bed under the wagon and cook the evening meal . clay suddenly react as o.s. a horse whinny . stand he look off into the darkness . long shot angle past clay . in the moonlight the trail stretch back over roll hill . faintly can be hear the SOUND of hoofbeat . below , where the remuda graze , a horse whinny again . clay move down toward the camp . mo . shot the camp . as clay approach . Steve squat by the fire . he have spread out a tarp in the circle of firelight and Mary be set the tin plate , cup , etc. , out . Elaine , a blanket around she , sit near the fire . she look tired and ill . marcia and helen be struggle with bed - make under the wagon . helen' voice and I be the girl who use to complain to my mother about help with the wash . Steve and Mary look up as clay stride up . clay start kick dirt over the fire . clay get you rifle . Steve jump up and hurry to the wagon . clay continue kick dirt over the fire . ext . camp - night - ( moonlight ) long shot - angle past horseman . the horseman , who have be approach from the east , top a rise and look off at the camp . he be a shadowy figure in the palo dark . for a moment , as the fire still blaze , figure be visible in the camp . then the fire go out . the horseman dismount , pull he rifle from he scabbard . move to he horse 's head he put a hand on the animal 's nostril . he look toward the camp for a moment then start cautiously along the road . ext . road - night - ( moonlight ) mo . shot - angle through willow past clay and Steve . the brother have take up a post overlook the road . the horseman walk cautiously toward they . he stop , listen . then he drop he rein and come forward stealthily . the horse stand . mo . close shot clay and Steve . Steve , finger on trigger give clay a question glance . clay shake he head . clay ( call ) hold it . another angle on road . the man , now see clearly for the first time , stop . he be Jim Clayton , a man in he twenty , chunky , round - face , stolid and not too imaginative . he wear the well - wear jeans and blue shirt of the farmer . clay and Steve come out of the willow toward he . both have they rifle ready . clay Drop you gun . Clayton hesitates , then let he rifle butt drop to the road . clayton ( mildly ) Drop yours . I be gunshy . clay then do not come sneakin ' around a man 's camp . clayton a fellow see a fire go out all of a sudden , he do not take chance . my name 's Clayton and I be look for someone . clay and Steve lower they rifle . clayton I find they surrey -- clay so do I . they be in it . clayton she 's a friend -- take off this morning sort of sudden while I be not around . clay move closer and extend he hand . they shake . clay ( very cordial ) I be glad you come along . ( introduce ) my brother , Steve . I be Phillips . Steve shake Jim 's hand . clay I give the girl a lift . do not know what else to do with they . get you horse and come on . Clayton turn back toward he horse . clay and Steve wait for he . ext . camp - night - ( moonlight ) mo . shot - angle back along the trail . Mary and helen , tense and worried , stand at the edge of the camp , look off . marcia be with Elaine under the wagon . from o.s. come the SOUND of man 's voice . clay , Steve and Clayton , lead he horse , come into view . close shot on wagon marcia kneel on the tarp by Elaine , be stare ahead . suddenly she face light up . she spring to she foot . marcia' angle clay , Steve and Jim be now close to Mary . clay ( genial ) here 's a man say he 's look for you girl . clayton hello , miss Wells . hear he voice , marcia run toward they . group shot marcia throw herself into Jim 's arm . marcia Jim . mo . close Clayton kiss she . clayton I be roundin ' up some stock . that 's why I do not come sooner . marcia hug he . in the b.g. clay go over to the fire , kick the dirt off the ember and pile on wood . the fire flare up . clayton what do you mean run off without a word . two shot Mary and helen . marcia' voice I do not know who to tell , it all happen so sudden , that people comin ' and throwin ' we out on the street . jim' voice do not you think about it , darlin' . do not you think about anythin ' but we . helen ( quietly ) look like we lose a good piano player . camera angle widen as marcia and Jim come forward . the fire now burn briskly . clay rejoin the group . marcia ( happily ) Jim come after I , Mary . mary ( dryly ) I see he do . helen with a milk pail in one hand and a marriage license in the other . mary ( sharp ) why do not you say you want to get marry back in aspen . I tell the man in sonora there be four of we . if only three show up , he might call the whole deal off . we have get to stick together . like we have always do . marcia I have get a chance to get marry . mary ( quickly ) that 's what I be gettin ' at . it never work . do not forget we be throw out of aspen . marcia Jim do not care , do you , Jim ? Mary speak before Jim can answer . mary but Jim be not the only one you be marrying . he have folk and friend . what be they go to say ? and how're they go to feel ? I tell you , it will not work . the joy go out of marcia 's expression . she look up at Jim , she eye begging he to tell she it will work . Jim , a naturally shy man , lose he tongue momentarily . clay jump into the breach . clay of course it will work . you can get another girl to fill out the act . mary ( ignore he ) and look at it this way . how about Jim -- it put he in a sort of tough spot . jim I know what I be do . my folk get nothin ' to do with it -- mary you have talk this over with they ? jim they know about marcia . mary ( quickly ) and they do not like the idea ! clay suppose they do not . this be he problem . he 's over twenty - one . he want to marry marcia and marcia want to marry he so let them alone . Mary turn on clay . two shot clay and Mary . the other in the b.g. mary if you be in he shoe would you take one of we home ? clay I be not in he shoe , so leave I out of it . camera angle widen as he turn back to the fire , embarrassed by the spot he 's in , and throw wood on it , Mary watch he . Steve come over to Mary . steve ( friendly ) I would ! clay swing around and come back . clay ( hurriedly ; smile ) Steve maybe you better get some wood for the fire . mary would you , Mr. Phillips ? clay ( to Steve ) go on , there 's a good boy . clay give Steve a gentle push . Steve exit . mary ( bitter ) do not you want he to hear you answer ? well , I know what it be . for the other fellow it 's all right -- but not you . all you want be to get rid of one of we . jim wait a minute . Jim , he arm around marcia , move closer . helen be in the b.g. , watch . jim no need of you two arguin ' about this . we know what we want to do , and nothin ' either of you say make any difference . we want to go home -- tonight . ( to clay ) will you sell I one of you horse ? clay I be sorry . I can not do that . I go a long way to get that horse . jim all right , we will ride double . come on , marcia . take she arm he lead she to where the horse stand at the edge of the camp . another angle feature marcia and Jim . in the b.g. Mary come after they . mary no need to do that , marcia . Jim and marcia turn . mary we have get two horse and they be four of we . so half of one of them be yours . ( smile ) the other half 's a wedding present . marcia come over to hug Mary . as marcia and Jim leave , Mary move to clay . mary big-heart fella . can not see young love thwart -- especially if it make one less girl to worry about . that 's all you really want , be not it . dissolve ext . camp site - night mo . shot . Mary stand in the moonlight by the wagon , look out across the meadow . below , near the creek , the horse graze . there be the soft jangle of a bell as the bell mare move she head . clay come walk up from the creek , rifle in hand . he pass without notice Mary . Mary turn . reverse shot Mary in close f.g . the campfire burn low . Steve lie on he stomach close to it . clay stop beside he to glance down , then move on to sit on a rock above the fire . Mary start toward the fire . mo . close Steve . open in front of he be a copy of Leslie 's weekly , a woman 's journal : picture of baby basinette , whale - bone corset , fancy oil lamp , etc . Mary come into scene to stand above he , look down . Steve glance up and smile . mary be that you kind of read , Steve ? steve I can not read , ma'am . I just look at the picture . mo . shot angle down past clay . mary you can not read ? she glance up where clay sit . mary you brother 's always look after you , have not he ? steve since I can remember , ma'am . mary but he just never troubled to have you get any schooling ? close shot clay . he listen , perturb . mo . shot Mary and Steve . steve it be not clay 's fault . we have be move around most all the time -- mebbe when we get the ranch and stay in one place I can learn my letter then -- mary do not you even know you letter ? close shot clay . he wince at ! steve's voice no , ma'am . mo . shot Mary , Steve and clay . behind they , clay rise and come down nearer the fire . mary would you like to learn they ? steve I sure would . mary maybe I could start you out . steve that would be swell . ( shyly ) you know , you be a awful lot different than I think you would be . she give he a quick look of inquiry . steve you be so nice . mary do someone say I be not nice ? steve oh no . nobody say nothing to I . only I get the idea that -- well clay and I use to be walk through town and there be you place and through the window I could see you dance , but clay always take I over to the other side of the street . clay ( interrupt ) time to go to bed , Steve . Steve look up , then rise reluctantly . steve good night , miss Wells . mary good night , Steve . Steve exit . Mary look after he , then up at clay . mary ( soft ) there 's a nice boy . clay yeah . mary ( sharp ) that why you always take he on the other side of the street ? clay kick loose ember into the fire . mary ( sharper ) maybe I do not make the grade in some way , but I know enough to teach a kid he letter . clay turn from the fire to stand above she . clay ( quiet ) he do not know he letter , no -- but he know the name of animal ... he know what root to eat when you be clear out of food ... he know the difference between a possum and a coon just by lookin ' at the track ... more than most trapper know ... and he can tell whether she will rain or shine tomorrow by smell the air tonight . there 's a lot of thing he do not know , I hope he will never learn . he pause , look down . mary like what ? clay ( turn away ) like stick he nose into other people 's business . clay move out of the circle of firelight to stop and pick up he rifle , tarp and blanket , then climb the knoll . Mary stare into the fire , then rise she start toward the wagon . ext . knoll - night - moonlight mo . shot . clay reach the top of the knoll and stand look off . below he the campfire burn low . Mary reach the wagon . ext . wagon - moonlight - night mo . shot angle past Mary toward clay . Mary stop , look up . a match flare as clay light a cigarette . o.s. there be the SOUND of the bell mare 's bell , the SOUND of horse move restlessly . Mary turn , look under the wagon . mo . close down angle Elaine be go . helen be asleep . Mary drop to she knee on the tarp and shake helen in wakefulness . mary where 's Elaine ? helen sit up and look over at Elaine 's side of the bed . helen she be here a while ago . Mary straighten , move down past the wagon , camera panning with she . she call softly . mary ( softly ) Elaine ! mo . close clay . he look down toward the wagon as Mary call Elaine 's name again , this time louder . mary voice Elaine . ( then ) clay -- Elaine 's go . clay frown , pitch he cigarette away and start down toward the wagon . mo . close Steve . he be sit up , pull on he boot . from under the bedclothes he take he rifle and start toward the wagon . mo . shot wagon . clay stand with Mary at the wagon as Steve come up . helen be sit up in bed , a comforter pull around she . helen she can not have go far . I be not asleep long . clay what would she run off for ? mary ( excited ) because she 's sick . she start away into the darkness . clay ( sharp ) stay here . one woman wanderin ' off 's enough . Mary turn back . steve do not you worry , miss Wells . we will find she . clay pick up he saddle and bridle . clay ( to Mary ) build the fire up and stick close to it . come on , Steve . he start down toward the meadow . Steve follow . helen scramble out from under the wagon . ext . creek - night - moonlight clay stop by the creek . behind he the fire smoulder near the wagon . Mary 's shadowy figure can be see climb the knoll where clay 's bedroll be . helen be near the fire . clay ( annoyed ) look around . she can not have go far . Steve nod and splashes across the creek to follow the road lead west . clay start toward the meadow where the horse graze . ext . road - night - ( moonlight ) mo . shot . Steve move slowly along the road away from camp . he be scan the dust for Elaine 's footprint . ext . knoll - night - ( moonlight ) long shot - angle past Mary . Mary stand on the knoll look off . Far below , in the meadow , clay saddle he horse . mary ( call ) Elaine -- Elaine -- Elaine . ext . meadow - night - moonlight mo . shot . clay swing into the saddle , and ride east . o.s. Mary call : mary voice Elaine -- Elaine . as the call echoe across the hill . dissolve ext . desert - night - ( moonlight ) mo . shot . this be rough country , the rocky hill cover sparsely with scrub pinon pine and brush . Steve stand on a rise . he look around for a moment , then turn start back down the slope . suddenly he stop and listen , as from o.s. come the SOUND of distant sobbing . close shot Steve . he listen , try to locate the sound then he hurry down into a dry wash . ext . wash Steve crash through the brush into the wash , to stop beside Elaine who sit with she head bury in she arm , sobbing . mo . close Steve and Elaine . Steve drop on he knee beside she . Elaine do not look up . Steve shake she . steve ma'am -- you should not have run off like that . why I be just about to give up lookin' . come on , now . Elaine do not move . steve you can not stay here . there 's snake and it 's cold and you will just get sicker . elaine I do not care . steve suppose that lednov be to have find you , instead of I . why you would not have have a chance . elaine ( sharp ) I say I do not care . steve what 's botherin ' you , anyway ? he pull she up . steve runnin ' off and worryin ' people . makin ' it tougher on clay than it be already . elaine ( hysterical ) do not ask I because I will not tell you ! I will not tell anybody ! go away ! steve do not act so -- crazy . elaine ( dully ) I be sorry . let 's go . steve ( relieved ) that 's a good girl . camera angle widen as he tuck she arm in the crook of he own and start up the other side of the wash . another angle Steve , hold Elaine 's arm , scramble up the bank and through the brush . steve that 's it . watch out where you be steppin ' -- he stop and look off . faintly o.s. be hear the SOUND of hoofbeat . steve that oughta be -- ( then sharp ) down . he shove the girl down . long shot they angle . over a hill come a horseman to be follow by another and then a third . close shot Steve and Elaine . steve lednov -- excitedly he swing the rifle to he shoulder and fire . ext . desert - night - moonlight full shot - clay rein he horse in and turn to look off in the direction from which the shot come . faintly o.s. another shot echoe across the hill , then another and another . clay spur he horse and gallop off . ext . hilltop - night - moonlight clay gallop up the hill to rein he horse in suddenly . mo . long shot he angle . Riding toward he be several horseman . the horse move at a walk . one carry a double burden . Steve walk along behind . clay spur he horse and ride down toward they . another angle clay , in the b.g. , come down the hill . the horseman , seven of they , with sheriff gardner in the lead , follow by a deputy , carry Elaine in front of he , file past camera . Steve , hand in he pocket , walk dejectedly in the dust cloud kick up by the horse . mo . shot feature clay and gardner . clay rein in he horse beside gardner , who also stop . the other rein in . Steve stop a short distance away . gardner want to take she off we hand ? clay ride closer . the deputy ride forward and lift Elaine into he arm . clay settles she in front of he . clay who shot who ? gardner nobody . the light be bad . there be two rifle in he saddle holster . he pull Steve 's out , hand it over . gardner Steve 's ! clay shove it in he saddle holster . gardner what 's she doin ' runnin ' around the country at night . clay I would not know . do you ask she ? gardner all I can get out of she be she do not care about livin' . clay look of thing , she do not . gardner yeah . keep a closer eye on she -- ( motion to Steve ) and he . shootin ' go on , we will never find lednov . he wheel he horse and ride off , follow by the other clay watch he go . reluctantly Steve move slowly up to stand near clay . steve there be only three of they at first . I guess I lose my head . clay ( dryly ) how would you happen to miss ? steve they be quite a way off and the wind be blowin' . I do not have they to aim . clay good thing you do not . he rein he horse around . steve clay -- clay look back . steve a man can not help gettin ' excited once in a while . clay that 's right , Steve . steve can I have my gun back ? clay sure . you will find it under the wagon seat . like I say before , a twenty - two 's more you size . fade out ext . trail - day fade in extreme long shot . West be the sierras and cloud be pile in untidy heaps on the range . the dusty trail run through roll country . pinon pine and brush clothe the slope . the wagon and horse be the move center of a white cloud of dust . full shot clay 's party . clay ride in the lead . the wagon follow and Steve be riding beside the wagon . behind be the remuda , and the horse be straying off the road in search of grass . mo . shot wagon - ( moving ) . feature Steve and Mary . Elaine lie under the seat and helen sit beside she . Steve be recite the alphabet to a simple melody usually sung by child of six or seven . steve ( stumble embarrassedly ) gee , I can not . mary why not ? you go farther than that last time . steve I be too old for it , miss Wells ... that 's for little kid . mary do not be silly ... nobody 's too old to learn . steve ( resolutely ) okay . a-b-c -- d-e-f -- g-h-i -- close shot clay . he turn in he saddle where he ride ahead of the team . he notice Steve riding at Mary 's side and rein in he horse . clay ( mildly ) oh , Steve ! mo . shot Steve and Mary . Steve stop he letter . look off . the wagon move up to clay and stop . clay get back to the horse . they be straggling . mary he 's learn he letter . clay yeah . while the horse wander all over the country . Steve hesitates hope he will change he mind . clay ( sternly ) do like I say . Steve wheel he horse and ride back . Mary look over at clay . mary ( dryly ) learnin ' to read have nothing to do with the right or the wrong side of the street . clay ( motion ) be the horse stragglin ' or be not they ? mary ( after a backward glance ) they be stragglin' . clay his letter will keep . he wheel he horse and ride after Steve . another angle Steve be drive the horse back into the road . clay ride up to help he . the horse fall in behind the wagon . Steve take up he position in the rear . clay ride over beside he . mo . shot clay and steve . ( moving ) clay Steve -- I want you to learn to read . I mean to teach you but I never seem to find time . I figure when we get settle on the ranch we would get around to it . they ride in silence for a moment . clay it 's all right with I if she teach you , but I do not want you forgettin ' you job . steve ( flat ) I will not again . another angle one of the horse stray out of line and clay ride out and get the animal back in the road . then he return to Steve . two shot - ( moving ) clay this be not like other trip we have take . for one thing , we have get a wagonload of woman . for another there 's a guy wanderin ' around hopin ' to put a bullet in my back . Steve look over at he brother and find a wry grin . steve okeh , I be wrong . but you can not expect a fellow who never see lednov and never hear he name until a while ago to do too much worryin' . you have be sorta close mouth about he . clay I guess I have . you be pretty little when they lock he up . I do not suppose you even remember that time I be go two month . steve sure I remember . you go to Mexico lookin ' for cattle . clay ( nod ; then , after a moment ) you remember Jeff rawson ? -- we use to go fishing and hunt with he when you be so high . steve ( offended ) sure I do . go off down to Mexico or something ... clay that 's what I tell you then . only he do not . lednov kill he . steve oh ... that 's the time you go away . clay ( nod ) I catch up with lednov in nogales . he do not like the idea of comin ' back across the border but he come . I turn he over to the sheriff and -- that 's the story . steve ( look off ) maybe you shoulda kill he . clay maybe I should . but I be never much on killin' . anyway , he move too quick and I just get he through the shoulder . ( glance off ) look pretty peaceful up ahead . steve yeah , it do . clay but you never can tell . why do not you get that new rifle out of the wagon ? Steve smile warmly at he . clay and while you be there you might as well find out what come after k . dissolve extreme long shot cavalcade . it move through dry barren hill . Far off , the sierras rise against the sky Thunder head be pile in untidy heaps on the range . dissolve out effect shot dissolve in sky . Dark rain cloud blow by a high wind . SOUND of thunder . full shot rain -- the caravan . clay lead it through a rain that have fill the rut in the trail , soak the horse to glisten black -- and obscure all view of the country through which they be pass . SOUND of rain fall be loud . clay and Steve both wear slicker , gleam from they shoulder to the rump of they horse . Mary , a tarp around she shoulder , drive . Elaine and helen huddle under a tarpaulin in the wagon bed . mo . close shot rain -- down angle -- wagon move . Elaine sit up and , in she delirium , throw off the tarp . helen try to pull she down . helen ( cry out ) Elaine -- stop it -- close shot rain -- clay . he wheel he horse at the SOUND of helen 's voice and ride back through the rain toward the wagon . mo . close shot rain -- wagon . Mary pull on the rein and the mule stop . twist they around the whip -stock , she swing back into the wagon bed . she look up at clay . mary she should be in bed where it 's dry . in she anxiety , she tone be accuse . clay drop the rein , climb into the wagon and bend down beside Elaine . he put he hand on she forehead . mo . close rain - down angle - feature clay and Mary . clay ( dryly ) yes , ma'am , she should ... he start fix the tarp so it give more protection to the sick girl . clay but the nearest shelter 's the Wyatt ranch and that 's maybe five hour away . mary can we get a doctor at that ranch ? clay ( straighten ) no , ma'am , we can not . we can get a roof and a fire and maybe Mrs. Wyatt know something about take care of sick people . another angle rain . clay vault out of the wagon and mount he horse . Mary rise and climb back into the seat . she lash the mule with the rein . the wagon jolt forward . mo . close shot rain - angle across seat - ( moving ) . clay ride alongside . then , without a word , he strip off he slicker , toss it on the seat and ride off . Mary look after he , then at the slicker . she hesitates , not want to take favor from he . then she pull the slicker around she . take the whip , she hit the mule . camera angle widen and camera hold . the team break into a trot . the cavalcade move away from camera through drench rain . dissolve ext . wyatt ranch - day long shot - angle through gate in barb wire fence . the ranch be nestle in a valley at the base of the sierras . Green meadowland surround the farm building which consist of a cabin , barn and shed , all in good repair and white - wash , as be the corral fence and the picket fence around the house , which stand in a clump of tree . the wind have push the cloud back over the hill , but far off there be still thunder . the gate in front f.g. be of barb wire . it be close . on the fence post a board be tack . neatly lettere on the board be the name : ed wyatt from o.s. come the SOUND of horse move restlessly and the creak of saddle leather , as a man swing out of the saddle . footstep approach . a man 's head and shoulder , back to camera , come into scene . he unloop the strand of bail wire and let the gate fall open , then turn and we see he face . he be lednov . his cheek and jowl have a dark growth of beard . he wear a black leather jacket and a wrangler 's grey hat . the clothes Forster be wear . as he move back to he horse , camera pull back and pan around . his companion , mccall and Peters , also wear black leather jacket , sombre , dusty pants and hat . they be mount on match roan . the horse be wind , lather and dirty . it be obvious they have ride hard . lednov stride forward and as he reach for the rein the horse shy away . brutally he jerk on the rein . the horse rear . he snatch he hat from he head and whacks the horse across the nose . mccall ride over and grab the rein . lednov scramble into the saddle . mo . shot angle toward gate . lednov ride forward through the gate . his horse be limping badly . the other follow . they do not stop to put the gate back up . dissolve ext . trail - day long shot . clay 's cavalcade move forward along the trail . there be cloud patch overhead and faintly in the back country thunder rumble . the mule pull the jolting wagon forward in a slow trot . clay ride ahead . Steve and the remuda follow . dissolve ext . wyatt ranch - day full shot . lednov , mccall and Peters ride into the yard and up to the horse ' trough . the horse plunge they muzzle deep into the trough . as the man dismount , Wyatt , a sinewy little man , hurry from the direction of the barn . mo . shot at horse trough . Wyatt , smile he pleasure , come up as the three man dismount . wyatt ( happily ) my name 's Wyatt . certainly glad you boy drop in . he extend he hand to lednov . lednov ignore it . the three man be look around they . two work horse , fat and elderly , amble across the corral to nuzzle the roan through the fence . lednov that the only horse you get ? Wyatt be a little take aback by lednov 's manner . wyatt why , yes . they be all I need ... lednov mine 's go lame . take a look at he . Wyatt frown up at lednov , angere by the order . lednov go on , we have not get all day . mccall and Peters move closer to Wyatt , who glance around worriedly . realizing he better do as he 's tell , he go to the roan and rub he ear . wyatt whoa , boy . let 's have a look . bend , he lift the horse 's hoof . lednov , mccall and Peters watch he . he drop the hoof , straighten . wyatt he drop a shoe . you should not be ridin ' he . lednov put on another one . wyatt that will not help the stone bruise . you be not be around horse much , look like . lednov will you quit gabbin ' and do what you be tell . Wyatt hesitates . lednov step toward he . wyatt ( frighten , bewilder ) all right , but it will not do much good . he pick up the roan 's rein and start lead he into the corral . lednov , with a jerk of he thumb , indicate that mccall be to go with he . mccall follow . lednov and Peters turn toward the house . another angle as lednov and Peters start for the house , Mrs. Wyatt , a woman of about fifty , small , plump , brown from the sun and hard from work , come out on the porch . she have take off she apron and hold it in she hand . she smile at the two man . mo . shot angle past Mrs. Wyatt . she start down the step as lednov and Peters come up . mrs . wyatt I be up to my elbow in flour when you boy ride up , that 's why I di not come out sooner . I hope Ed ask you to stay the night ? lednov all we want 's supper . at he tone , the welcoming smile leave she face . she look from one to the other . lednov push past she up the step and into the house . Mrs. Wyatt follow he with she glance . mccall motion . mccall we be in a hurry . dissolve ext . trail long shot . in the f.g. the cavalcade move along the trail . now the sierras back of the Wyatt ranch be much closer . the sun have set but it be still light . dissolve ext . ranch house - day mo . shot . Peters sprawl on the ground , smoking . he look up as Wyatt and mccall cross from the direction of the barn . peter take care of that horse ? wyatt ( gruffly ) yeah . the best I could . Wyatt go on past and hurry up the step . int . ranch house angle past Wyatt . this be the main room of the house -- a live room and kitchen combine : wood -stove against one wall , a sink with a pump against another , a fireplace , some simple furniture and , hang from one of the rough wall , a concertina . through a open doorway can be see the Wyatt 's bedroom . another door , close , lead into the second bedroom . the house have a warm , well - scrubbed look . Wyatt enter . Mrs. Wyatt , stoke the stove , turn . she glance nervously in the direction of the bedroom . Wyatt shift he glance to the fireplace -- there be no gun hang from the hook above the mantel . lednov appear in the doorway of the bedroom . wyatt what be you doin ' -- lednov lookin ' around . he cross to the fireplace . he be carry Wyatt 's rifle , gun belt and six gun . lednov this all the shell you get ? Wyatt have have as much of this as he can stand . he start angrily across the room . wyatt put my gun down and get out of here -- mrs . wyatt Ed -- no , ed. she cross to he and stand in he way . Wyatt push past she and grab for the gun . lednov give he a swipe with the back of he hand , knock he away easily . lednov you old woman 's get sense -- you listen to she . Mrs. Wyatt help Ed to he foot . she put a arm around he . lednov I ask you -- this all the shell you get ? mrs . wyatt ( quickly ) they 's a box in the cupboard over the sink . lednov cross to the cupboard and open it . find the box of shell , he slip it in he pocket . lednov ( to Ed ) get on about you chore . ( to Mrs. Wyatt ) and hurry that grub up . Wyatt and he wife look at each other . then meekly they obey . dissolve out ext . hilltop - night dissolve in mo . shot . here the trail start down into the valley . from o.s. come the SOUND of the cavalcade approach . clay ride into the scene and stop on the hilltop to glance ahead . long shot clay 's angle . a light can be see ahead in the valley . reverse angle clay turn and ride back toward the wagon . the mule have slowed to a walk in the climb up the hill . mo . close shot on wagon - ( moving ) . clay ride up alongside . Mary be hunch forward on the seat . clay only a little way now -- maybe a mile . he glance down into the wagon bed where helen be sit by Elaine . clay how 's she makin ' out ? helen ( dryly ) if she feel worse than I do , she 's dyin' . clay ride back toward the rear . clay ( call ) Steve -- steve's voice yo -- mo . full shot the wagon reach the crest of the hill . Mary hit the mule with the rein . the mule break into a trot . behind , the remuda come into view . clay sit he horse by the side of the trail and watch . ext . farm house - night mo . shot . Mrs. Wyatt stand by the stove , watch the three man at the table . Wyatt sit in a chair by the stove . mccall I will have some more of that coffee . lednov push he chair back and rise . lednov we get to get movin' . mccall what for ? lednov because there 's a man I want to see . mccall he can wait . let 's stay here until morning . Wyatt and he wife exchange frighten glance . that 's the last thing they want . lednov ( rise ) I say let 's go . mccall ( protest ) one night more will not matter . you friend will be there . anyway I do not think so much of the idea of prowling around he ranch . he know you be out so he be not go to sit still for it . lednov ( fierce ) I say I have a guy to see and I be go to see he . with the finger of he right hand he automatically rub he shoulder just above the heart . lednov he give I something once so I would not forget . peter ( rise ) he say go , we go . grudgingly , mccall give in . they exit . Wyatt stare after they raging at he impotence . wyatt if they would only leave I a gun , I would fix them . mrs . wyatt hush , ed. hush . they might come back . ext . corral - night mo . full shot . the three man mount they horse , dig they spur in and ride away . as they ride toward the gate , Wyatt come out on the step . ext . trail - night long shot . here the trail pass through a narrow draw , then climb a small rise which overlook the gate . clay 's caravan jog along the trail . ext . hilltop - night long shot - down angle . the caravan climb toward camera . camera pan around to shoot down toward the Wyatt ranch . through the gate ride lednov , mccall and Peters . they stop for a moment then turn right and trot along the fence line . as they disappear , the SOUND of the caravan 's approach be hear o.s . dissolve ext . wyatt ranch - night - ( moonlight ) mo . full shot . clay gallop into the yard and swing out of the saddle . the farmhouse be dark . int . farmhouse - night angle through window , past Wyatt . clay open the gate and hurry up the step and across the porch . ext . porch - night mo . shot . clay rap on the door . clay Mr. Wyatt . wyatt' voice who be it ? clay clay Phillips . the door open . Wyatt come out . he pump clay 's hand . wyatt ( call ) you can light the lamp . ( to clay ) I be sure glad it 's you . we be afraid that killer might come back . clay Three man on match roan ? in the kitchen a match flare as Mrs. Wyatt light the lamp . wyatt yeah , how do you know ? clay the whole state 's lookin ' for them . ( dryly ) and they be lookin ' for I . Mrs. Wyatt come out to stand in the doorway . she shake clay 's hand . mrs . wyatt you do not know how good it be to see you . clay maybe you will not feel that way after I tell you what I stop in for . he turn and motion off . long shot another angle . clay , Wyatt and Mrs. Wyatt in f.g . the wagon be come toward the yard follow by the remuda . clay I pick up some woman on the road . three shot clay , Mrs. Wyatt and Wyatt . o.s. the wagon and horse can he hear . mrs . wyatt tell they to come on in . clay but I be go to have to leave them here . they be --- well they be not the sort of people you be use to . mrs . wyatt ( a reprimand ) it do not matter who they be . clay ( lamely ) and one of them be sick . mrs . wyatt why do not you say so . go right out and get she . ed. build the fire up . she turn back into the kitchen . clay look after she , then hurry down the step . Wyatt follow he wife inside . int . kitchen - night Wyatt go to the stove and start stoke the fire . Mrs. Wyatt take the lamp from the wall bracket and go into the bedroom . int . bedroom - night full shot . it be a pleasant room with a large , handmade , double bed , white flour sack curtain at wide window . Mrs. Wyatt put the lamp on the dresser . go to the bed she pull back the cover , feel the sheet . mrs . wyatt ( call ) wrap a stove lid in dish towel and bring it in here . this bed 's like ice . mo . shot turn from the bed , she cross to the dresser . beside the dresser be a camel - back trunk . she start to open a dresser drawer , pause and look down at the trunk . move to the trunk , she hesitates . then make up she mind , she bend down and throw open the trunk . mo . close shot down angle . a girl 's clothing be neatly pack in the trunk . a frame picture be face down on top of the clothing . Mrs. Wyatt kneel by the trunk , push the dress aside and find a nightgown . camera angle widen as she rise and shake it out . it be frilly , dainty , very feminino ; obviously the nightdress of a young girl . she close the trunk , turn and as she go to the bed , Wyatt come through the door carry the towel - wrap stove lid . she lay the nightgown on the bed , take the stove lid and put it between the sheet . Wyatt be stare down at the garment . wyatt ( cold ) put it back . they face each other . Wyatt reach out and take the nightgown . mrs . wyatt someone might as well get some good out of it . Wyatt cross to the trunk . mrs . wyatt it be not as if she be dead . Wyatt open the trunk , put the nightgown in and close the lid . wyatt ( cold ) it stay there , understand ! the slamm of a door o.s. interrupt they . they turn and start for the door . mrs . wyatt ( call ) right in here , Mr. Phillips . she follow Wyatt to the doorway , camera dollying with she . she stop in the doorway . int . kitchen - night angle past Mrs. Wyatt . clay , carry Elaine , bundle in blanket , come forward . Wyatt have stop just inside the kitchen . Mary and helen follow clay through the door . mrs . wyatt the bed 's all ready and warm -- she stop , stare at the girl . mo . close shot the wyatt in the doorway . they recognize the girl . Wyatt 's expression harden . clay , carry Elaine , push between they into the bedroom . int . bedroom - night mo . shot . clay carry the girl to the bed and gently put she down . her eye be close . slowly the wyatt enter the room to stand close together stare at the girl on the bed . clay suddenly realize that something be wrong . he glance up . Elaine open she eye and look up at she mother and father . mrs . wyatt ( softly to Wyatt ) go out and make some coffee . Wyatt do not move . mrs . wyatt go on . you too , Mr Phillips . as clay wait , Wyatt move through the door unable to argue back . int . kitchen - night full shot . Mary and helen stand close to the steve , look anxiously toward the bedroom door as clay and Wyatt come out . clay close the door . Wyatt , daze by the shock of see he daughter again , stand momentarily stare at the close door . then very slowly he turn and look at helen and Mary . mo . shot he angle . Mary and helen , see the two men' expression , look from one to the other , puzzle . mary be she very sick ? wyatt ( cold , flat ) get them out of here . I will not have them in this house . he cross to the kitchen door , exit , slamm the door behind he . mary ( softly ) so that be why she try to run away . clay ( sharp ) do not you know she have a father and mother out here ? mary ( hurt and angry ) I do not know anything about she except she want a job because some man have leave she strand . I could not leave she in the street . let 's go . clay hold on . mary we can not stay here ! clay it 's a long walk back to aspen . turn from they , he exit . Mary and helen look at each other . then helen grin wryly and go over to the cupboard . helen I do not know about you . but I be not be throw out on a empty stomach . ext . corral - night mo . shot . Wyatt in the f.g. stand by the horse trough . his face be set , he expression hard , unyield . clay come across the yard past the wagon . Wyatt do not look at he as clay come up . two shot clay and Wyatt . clay take the making from he pocket , roll a cigarette , light it . clay I be sorry about this , Mr. Wyatt . I do not know who she be . wyatt ( quiet ) all right , you do not know . clay I can not take she with I . wyatt nobody ask you to . o.s. Steve whistle the tune of the a B C song as he come out of the barn . wyatt just get that two out of here . another angle Steve approach from the barn . clay you be not bein ' quite fair . wyatt what 's there to be fair about ? two shot clay and Wyatt . clay take the make from he pocket , roll a cigarette , light it . clay I be sorry about this , Mr. Wyatt . I do not know you have a daughter . wyatt ( quiet ) all right , you do not know . clay I can not take she with I . wyatt nobody ask you to . o.s. Steve whistle the tune of the a B C song as he come out of the barn . wyatt just get this two out of here . another angle Steve approach from the barn . clay you be not bein ' quite fair . wyatt what 's there to be fair about ? Steve come up . steve hello , Mr. Wyatt . he start whistling again as he continue toward the wagon . mo . shot wagon . Steve pick up a couple of valise and some blanket and head for the house , still whistling . in the b.g. can be hear the mutter of voice as clay and Wyatt talk . int . kitchen - night helen be sit at the table , eat a piece of bread and drink coffee . Mary stand at the window . Steve be hear come up the step and across the porch . he push the door open and enter . steve ( cheerfully ) where do I put you thing ? Mary turn from the window . mary back in the wagon . Steve stand with he arm full , look at Mary . steve be not we stayin ' ? mary no . we be not stayin ' -- she cross to he and smile wryly . mary everything 's all mix up , so do not ask question . Steve hesitates . mary ( soft ) go on , Steve . Steve exit . ext . porch - night mo . close . Steve stop on the porch . he be puzzle , worried . he glance back then over toward the fence where Wyatt and clay be talk . he shrug and start off toward the wagon . int . kitchen - night mo . shot . Mary cross to the stove . helen sit down and eat , why do not you ? Mary lift the stove lid and put a stick in the firebox . helen it be not like this be the first place we be ever throw out of . mary that 's not what 's worryin ' I . why do not she tell we ? maybe we could have do something ' -- go somewhere else -- puttin ' a poor sick kid through this -- helen quit worryin ' about Elaine . she motion to the bedroom door . helen she 's home , be not she ? so worry about we . we want to get to sonora . footstep across the porch . the two girl look toward the door . another angle - night shoot past Mary . the door slowly open . Wyatt enter . he cross to the bedroom door , camera panning with he . it be as though he do not see the two woman . he stand in front of the door , stare at it . then he hand move to the knob . slowly he turn the knob and open the door . the two girl watch he as he hesitates on the threshold . then he enter and close the door softly . helen look over at Mary and smile . int . bedroom - night mo . shot as Wyatt stop , look at Elaine , rest back against the pillow , seem very young in the nightgown . for a moment it be difficult to know what be in Wyatt 's mind . then he see the twin tintypes . camera move toward Wyatt 's face as tear come to he eye . int . kitchen - night mo . shot as footstep cross the porch and the screen door creak open . clay enter the kitchen , carry the girl ' suitcase and some blanket . he nod to the girl , then go to the door lead to the other bedroom . there he stop . clay this will be you room until Mr. Wyatt find time to take you to the nearest stage station . as he carry they belonging in : dissolve out int . mary and helen' bedroom - night dissolve in the room be light only by the moonlight . Mary and helen be in the big four poster bed , close to the window . clay 's footstep be hear on the porch . the kitchen door close softly . there be the rattle of a stove lid be lift . helen ( whisper ) that sound like he . Mary slide out of bed and slip into a robe . helen this time do not talk about cooking ! int . kitchen - night clay turn from the stove to the cupboard over the sink and take down a coffee cup . the door into Elaine 's bedroom be close . the door into Mary 's bedroom open and Mary enter the kitchen . he turn back to the stove and fill he cup as Mary come up . clay coffee ? mary no , thanks . ( indicate Elaine 's bedroom ) I hope we will not be a burden to they . clay I hope so , too . he pick up he coffee and go out on the porch . Mary hesitates , then follow . ext . porch - night angle past clay . Mary come out . clay sit on the bench by the door , drink he coffee . clay ( quiet ) if you be figure on ask I to take you , it 's no use . Mary cross to stand above he . mary a time like this people ought to be alone . have we around be go to make it sort of hard on them . Mary sigh , sit beside he . from the pocket of she robe she take tobacco , roll a cigarette and light it . she pass the tobacco to clay . he roll one . clay ( on the defensive ) I be sorry , but that 's how it 's get to be . mary I suppose it be . clay and it 's not only because the trip 's a tough one -- Mary strike a match and hold the flame to he cigarette . mary ( softly ) you do not have to explain . do I tell you how grateful I be for what you have do ? clay I could not leave you sit by the road . mary you could have treat we like they do in aspen . no . you would not do a thing like that -- it be not in you to be mean or cruel . Mary rise to move to the edge of the porch . mo . close Mary in f.g. mary ( softly ) no man who bring up a kid like you have bring up Steve could ever be cruel to people . turn , she lean against the post that support the porch . mary I hope you get everything you want out of life -- clay ( wary ) thanks . mary you have earn it -- the horse ranch on the toulomoe -- the girl in the spot gingham . clay the who ? mary you should know . she 's in you dream . clay put he cup down , look up . she be very lovely stand in the moonlight , she body arched back , the robe open a little . mary ever since you have look after Steve you have have the dream -- a ranch on the river -- good grass , good water , barn corral and house --- that part you have share with Steve . the girl in gingham you plan sneakin ' in when he be not look . ( she pause ) clay ( enigmatic ) go on . tell I more about she . mary she wear this gingham dress -- cook popover -- make jam in season -- make she own soap from pig fat and wood ash and have cheek the color of red apple . clay ( dryly ) I will make the soap myself . mary but the rest be right . clay will she be dark or fair ? mary blonde as a new mop . and beautiful as the girl on a feed store calendar . straighten , she cross the porch to pause momentarily close to clay . mary ( softly ) I hope you find she -- because , like I say , you have earn you dream . goodnight . she enter the house . clay look after she , smile faintly . he know she be up to something but not what . int . second bedroom - night mo . shot . save for the moonlight come through the window , the room be dark . Mary enter softly , throw off she robe and slip into bed beside helen . mo . close on bed . moonlight fall across the bed . Mary pull the cover up . helen turn she head . helen do you make it interesting ? Mary snuggle down on the pillow . mary I try my best , but this thing take time . helen and we be run out of that . mary there 's still tomorrow morning . dissolve int . kitchen - morning mo . long shot - angle through window past Mary . the early morning sun fill the yard . Steve be in the corral harness the mule . clay and Wyatt be take Mary 's and helen 's trunk out of the wagon . helen' voice that trunk look like ours . Mary , who be in profile , turn . mary they be . another angle helen be seat at the table . Mary stand with she back to the window near the sink . helen how long do you think we will have to stay here ? mary until pa get around to drive we to minden . helen we do not want to go there . mary no we do not . but that 's where we be go . from minden we take a stage to reno , then another one over to auburn and another one to placerville . then it 's a day 's trip to sonora . helen clay could save we a awful lot of time . mary he certainly could . about a month . helen what be you wait for ? do something . Mary come over to stand by the table . her expression be thoughtful . helen ( sharp ) you be not give up ? mary how many way can a man say no . helen rise . her manner be determine . helen ( cross to door ) maybe I better start work on he . mary you would think he would do it for Elaine 's sake , at least ... close shot as she stop , apparently inspire by Mary 's last remark . she look out into the yard where clay be work on the wagon . another angle shoot toward Elaine 's bedroom door . helen cross to Mary . helen ( sweetly ) if you can not bring he around , nobody can . she put she arm around Mary 's shoulder . helen go on . have another try at he . mary what 's the use . helen ( cajole ) please . maybe he will take a good look at you and stop think so much about he horse . as she speak she edge Mary to the door lead outside . helen a man have only so many no 's in he . Mary smile at she , shrug and exit . helen look after she . Mary 's footstep be hear go down the step . then helen swing around and go to Elaine 's door , open it . int . elaine's bedroom mo . shot . Elaine be sit up in bed . there be a small table by the bed and on it be a breakfast tray . Mrs. Wyatt sit by the bed . Elaine look happy for the first time . Mrs. Wyatt be hold a cup to she lip . helen enter and close the door . helen look at you , sit up already . cross to the bed she take the cup from Mrs. Wyatt . helen let I do this while you get some breakfast . mrs . wyatt but I like to do it . helen you be wear out . as she push Mrs. Wyatt toward the door . helen now do not argue . you have get two able - body girl to help you so take advantage of it . and do not let I catch you touch the dish . she close the door behind Mrs. Wyatt and come back , sit on the edge of the bed and hold the cup to Elaine 's lip . helen well -- it 's go to be good for all of we -- have a nice long rest here . after all -- sonora will still be there next month . maybe we can rehearse a new number -- try it out on you folk . Elaine try not to show she panic at this suggestion . elaine helen -- why do not you and Mary go on with clay ? helen he will not take we . ( then , hurt ) do not you want we around ? elaine of course I do -- but it would be better for you -- and the house be kind of small -- helen if you be worried about Mary and I talkin ' too much , do not . no matter how many question you old man ask . we know how to keep we mouth shut . elaine it be not that -- helen do not talk -- eat -- we want to get you well quick as we can so we can all get out of here . elaine but I want to stay . helen drink this and stop be silly . why would anyone want to live in this place . you might as well be dead and bury . nothing to do but look at mountain . in a week you would be talk to yourself . ( then , brightly ) maybe that 's what get you start in the first place . Elaine push the cup away , sit up straighter . elaine ( distraught ) I be not go anywhere . I be stay here where I belong . helen not if I know Mary . when she ride into sonora , you will be with she . and mighty glad to be there after this . I do not see how you stand it as long as you do . elaine ( sobbing ) stop it -- stop it . helen ( contrite ) darling -- now I have get you all upset . Elaine bury she head in the pillow . elaine go away -- please . helen that 's right -- you go back to sleep . tomorrow when you feel better thing will look a whole lot different . do not you worry about anything -- Mary 's go to talk thing over with you folk -- Elaine sit up and grab helen 's arm . elaine ( fiercely ) she must not -- do not you let she -- helen there , there . do not you upset yourself -- elaine ( wildly ) if she say anything to they I will kill she . the door open and Mrs. Wyatt enter . she hurry over to the bed , push helen aside , and take the sobbing girl in she arm . elaine ( sobbing ) I do not want to leave you , ever . Mrs. Wyatt flare at helen . mrs . wyatt what do you do to she ? helen nothing . the poor child 's worried about Mary -- turn , she go to the door . helen I will not let she say anything -- she exit . int . kitchen mo . shot . leave the door open , helen enter the kitchen . she glance back at the bedroom , half smile , then cross to the window and look out . ext . yard angle past helen through window . clay be crossing the yard toward the house . int . kitchen mo . shot . helen turn from the window and walk hurriedly to the second bedroom door . clay 's footstep cross the porch . helen enter the bedroom and close the door as clay come in . clay look around , then see the open bedroom door , cross to it . int . elaine's bedroom angle past clay in doorway . Mrs. Wyatt be hold the sobbing girl in she arm . she look over at clay . clay well , I be off -- then realize that something be wrong he step into the bedroom . mo . shot clay ( puzzle ) what 's the matter ? hear he voice , Elaine lift she head from she mother 's shoulder . elaine do not let they stay here , Mr. Phillips . they will spoil everything . clay look from one to the other , frown . Elaine try to get out of bed . her mother hold she . elaine ( wildly ) take they with you -- Mary 's go to talk to dad -- she 's go to keep talk and talk to I until maybe I will not want to stay here -- mrs . wyatt please take they . clay I can not -- elaine you have get to -- do not you understand -- they want I with they and they will fix it so I have to go -- clay ( sharp ) no they will not . turn , he exit . Mrs. Wyatt hold Elaine close . ext . porch mo . shot . helen stand on the porch in the sunlight . she glance back . clay , he expression hard and angry come out . he do not look at helen but stalk down the step toward the wagon . mo . shot on wagon steve what come after Z ? mary that 's the end of the line . steve ( happily ) then I know my alphabet . mary from a to Z . all you have to do now be figure out what they mean put together in word . another angle clay come toward the wagon . helen stand on the porch . steve and that 's tough , be not it ? mary without someone to teach you , it 's tough . clay appear behind she . Mary turn and smile . mary he know he alphabet . clay that 's fine . steve I will bet I would be read in a week if -- he catch clay 's glance and he face fall . mary maybe clay will take up where I leave off . Steve get some courage . he come over to he brother and face he . steve I do not think it 's fair -- he pause ; clay wait . steve leave they here when we could just as well take they . we get plenty of room in the wagon . and -- and -- they cook and drive the mule . they do not bother anybody . clay finish , son ? steve ( weakly ) there 's only two of they now . clay move past they toward the corral . Mary look after he , then turn , motion to helen . helen start toward the wagon . another angle clay 's horse stand saddle at the fence . he vault into the saddle , turn the horse . clay I will round up the horse . throw that junk in the wagon . he ride off . Steve , delighted , run to start load the girl ' thing . helen hurry into the scene . mo . close Mary and helen . Mary smile at helen . mary ( happily ) you be right -- a man have only so many no 's in he . but he have I worried -- that last one sound so final . helen nod , look at Mary as though in admiration . dissolve ext . wyatt ranch long shot - the wagon , follow by the remuda and with clay riding ahead move slowly up the canyon back of the ranch . fade out ext . forest trail - day fade in long shot - angle west . the forest be fairly open , yellow pine , lodgepole and fir . to the West can be see the bald red granite dome of the higher range . o.s. there be the SOUND of the cavalcade approach . camera pan around and angle past . toward camera , come the cavalcade , climb slowly . Far in the distance and down can be see the waste of desert and the barren hill of nevada . clay , a rifle across he leg , be riding on one side of the wagon . Steve ride beside Mary , who be drive . the remuda trail behind . helen , lie in the wagon bed , can not be see . mo . trucking shot angle past Steve . Steve have a copy of Leslie 's weekly open on the pommel . helen lie full length in the wagon bed , occupy herself by give herself a manicure with a orange stick . steve it 's a lot tougher than I figure . knowin ' my letter be one thing . but makin ' sense out of word be harder and trackin ' weasel after rain . clay glance over at he brother . Mary see he watch . they eye meet . she smile . he do not return the smile . steve -- and even if I do learn to read , what use will it be ? I be goin ' to live on a ranch ! mary there 's plenty of use for read -- you will see . he sigh and scowl down at the page . he put he finger on a word and start to spell it out . steve u-n-i-c-o-r-n-... what in heck 's that ? mary unicorn -- a kind of animal -- steve what do they look like ? mary hmmm ... sort of like a horse -- with a horn in the center of its forehead . steve horse with horn ! huh ! do we have them in nevada ? mary no. steve how about California ? mary would they be good to eat ? mary ( not too sure ) kind of tough , I guess ... but you be not liable to hunt they -- I do not think there 's any alive now , anyways -- and I be not sure but I do not think there ever be ... steve then if they be not alive , how can they be a animal ?... Mary start to protest -- Steve go on . steve a ' if you can not hunt them and even if you could they would be tough , what 's the use of knowin ' how to spell they ? mary you do not read to fill you stomach ... poetry , for instance . all the poem in the world would not fill you half as much as a bowl of eatmeal -- but they make you feel good . steve ( stubbornly ) I feel good anyways . reverse shot angle past clay . clay do not go argue with you teacher . steve I be not , but there 's some of it I do not see any sense to . clay there 's a lot of thing I do not see any sense to . but make up you mind . learn to read or -- ( motion ) -- go back and watch the horse . he touch he horse with he spur and ride on ahead . mo . close angle past Mary . Steve in the b.g. Mary look after clay , puzzle , wonder . then she look over at Steve . mary well , Steve ? steve ( grin ) now I know what a unicorn be , what do we do next ? ext . forest trail here the forest have thin out . the trail climb a rise , then drop down . clay jog along the trail , he rifle across he knee . as he reach the edge of the forest at the crest of the rise , he suddenly pull he horse to a stop , swing around and ride back into the tree . throw the rein over the horse 's head , he swing out of the saddle and move cautiously to the crest of the hill . long shot clay 's angle . the trail lead down through open country to a big meadow ringed with lodgepole pine , and across the meadow to start climb toward another , higher range of hill . Three horseman on roan , lednov , Peters and mccall , be crossing the meadow slowly . mo . shot down angle . lednov , Peters and mccall as they ride across the meadow . close shot clay , as he peer down . he cock he rifle . the voice of Mary and Steve and the SOUND of the approach wagon can be hear o.s . clay turn he head . full shot the cavalcade . Mary and helen be in the seat of the wagon . Steve ride alongside . mo . close shot clay . he lower he rifle , wave at they to stop and be quiet , rise and hurry down the hill , camera panning with he . ext . meadow mo . shot of lednov as he pull in he limping horse , step , look back over he shoulder as though he sense a unfamiliar presence . the other two watch he , frown . then he shrug and glance down at the bad leg of he mount . lednov we will camp on up ahead away . that leg be not good ... as they start away , move slowly toward the tree in the distance ... mo . full shot clay motion to Mary to stop as he hurry toward the wagon . Mary rein in the mule . clay we be stay here until dark . ( motion ) pull over to the wood . ( to Steve ) you put hobble on the horse -- all of them . get goin ' . dissolve out ext . hilltop - dusk dissolve in long shot . clay , in close foreground , stand , lean on he rifle . the sun have set and the valley below be in shadow . there be the silence of dusk . no wind stir the tree . there be some light outline the high mountain -- treeless crag and dome and spire . clay turn . reverse shot down the hill in the forest , be the wagon . Beyond it the horse stand . Steve be stretch out on he stomach study he magazine . helen be sit on a tarp play solitaire . clay start down the hill toward the camp . mo . shot - up angle clay walk through the tree . as he come around a big yellow pine , he stop suddenly and look down . mo . close angle down past clay . Mary lie on the carpet of pine needle , she head pillow on she arm , she dress pull taut across she chest . she be look up through the tree at the fade sky . another angle clay stare down at Mary . she do not look at he . she be aware of he presence , but she do not show it . in the soft light of dusk she be very lovely . clay be conscious of she lovliness . he would like to drop down beside she . close shot Mary . she turn she face to look at he . camera angle widen . clay stand above she , look down . for a moment they eye meet . clay start away . camera hold on Mary . mary where you goin ' ? over to the other side of the street ? mo . shot angle past Mary , who rise slowly . clay look back , hesitates , then cross to where the horse be tethere and start saddle he mare . Mary move down toward he through the tree . another angle clay tighten the cinch . Mary move up to stand beside he . mary be we leave ? clay it 's too light yet . he swing into the saddle , pull the rifle out of the scabbard and lay it across the pommel . clay better go on back and get some more sleep . you will need it later on . mary ( soberly ) you be not go out to look for they ? clay no , I be not . all I want them to do be keep ahead of we -- a long way ahead . so I be riding up the line away to pick we out a new trail . he touch the mare with he spur and trot down the hill . he disappear around a bend in the trail . another angle Mary , in the f.g. , be stare after clay . helen be watch she . Steve have rise and walk up behind she . he smile at she . steve nobody 's gonna catch he sleep . do not worry about he . mary ( turn ) oh , I be not worry . ( flustered ) I see he saddle up and think he be ready to leave . she start down toward the wagon , Steve walk beside she and camera trucking with they through the forest . steve ( softly ) you be worryin' . Mary glance over . steve sometimes not knowin ' how to read have its point . you can not read book so you look at people and figure them out . mary and you have get I all figure out ? steve sure . they have pass helen , play solitaire on the canvas , and have reach the place where the grub box stand . Steve spread a tarp for she . steve I will fix we something ' to eat . Mary sit down . Steve open the grub box and take out some plate , tin food and hardtack . steve like when you be standin ' there look after clay . I know right off what you be think . because I have be watch you . mary you be suppose to be read word . steve I be doin ' both . here . he hand she a plate of food , take another and go over to helen . another angle helen look up from she card game , take the plate with a smile . helen thanks , Steve . he grin at she , turn and come back to Mary who be watch he . mary better not let clay catch you waitin ' on we . Steve sit on the edge of the grub box and pick up he plate . steve do not pay any attention to he . that 's he way and I have find he 's sure easy to get along with . I do not recollect he havin ' hit I more and a couple of time and I guess I have it comin ' . mary but you be he brother . steve he will treat he wife just as good . maybe better . ever see he use a bull snake on the mule like other wrangler ? Mary shake she head . steve yes sir , clay 's nice to be around . ( the clincher ) he do not chew much and when he do he spit outside . helen ( dryly ) you make he sound wonderful ... go on . tell Mary more about he . Steve look over at she , embarrassed , a little hurt by she tone . he rise , take Mary 's empty plate and he own and go over to the little spring to wash they . Mary look sharply at helen . helen shrug . Mary rise and follow Steve over to the spring . mo . close on spring Steve kneel by the little pool , wash the plate in the run off . Mary stop above he . mary she be only teasin' . steve ( offhand ) oh , sure . mary let I do that . she kneel beside he . Steve look over at she . steve I like to do thing for you . do not you know ? she look down at the water bubbling up into the little moss line pool . mary ( softly ) I know now . dissolve ext . trail - night close shot - down angle . o.s. there be the SOUND of the cavalcade move . a wheel pass camera , then another . camera pull back to reveal the wagon pass in the moonlit darkness . Mary be drive . another angle clay ride into the shot , he rifle ready . the wagon follow . then the remuda with Steve bring up the rear . Steve also hold he rifle ready . both man be wary , watchful , apprehensive . dissolve ext . forest - night full shot - down angle . shoot down through the leave of a quaking aspen . the cavalcade move on along the trail . dissolve ext . rocky hillside - dawn full shot . the east be grey with the approach dawn . the terrain be treeless , forbid . granite crag rise all around . the trail lead up through a canyon then narrow along the edge of a cliff . the cavalcade toil forward . clay , in the lead , stop and wait for the wagon to come abreast . mo . shot as the wagon come abreast , clay dismount , loop the rein over the tail gate , then swing up into the seat , motion for Mary to move over . he take the rein , put he rifle down in front of he . mo . close - moving ( process ) clay and Mary . helen be sleep in the bed of the wagon . mary do not you trust I ? clay not on this trail , I do not . I have be over it before . anyway , you ought to be pretty sleepy . why do not you climb in back . Mary glance ahead . mary I like to see where I be go . she pick up the rifle and hold it across she knee . clay ( dryly ) do you ever care where you be goin ' or where you would be ? Mary glance over at he wonderingly . mary maybe not ! but I want to get there in one piece . they ride along in silence for a moment . the trail be rough . the jolting wagon throw they together . they shoulder touch . mary ( softly ) why do you change you mind about bring we along ? clay why do you think ? mary ( soberly ) I do not know . I think I do . now I be not sure . I think it have something to do with I . clay oh , it do . it have a great deal to do with you . Mary study he , try to figure out what he mean . mary just how do you mean that ? clay be busy with drive down the rough road . he speak without look at she . clay you know so much about I -- figure it out . mary so that 's it -- ( he glance over ) you think I be make fun of you girl in gingham . close shot helen . she lie in the bed of the wagon , look up . mary voice I be not . and I be not make fun of you or you dream . she wait for a answer , but get none , continue . mary voice of course , maybe I be try to get you to do something you do not want to do . mo . close shot - moving ( process ) clay and Mary . clay busy himself with the brake and the rein . clay you would not do a thing like that , would you ? mary ( softly ) yes . but -- that be the other night . now -- I do not think I would . mo . long shot - angle ahead clay and Mary in f.g . the trail now go down a slope to a river , which boil out of a narrow canyon , then follow the river through the canyon . clay hand the rein to Mary , take he rifle . clay that 's the West Walker . take it easy now . mo . shot clay swing down . the wagon move past he . he frees he horse , swing into the saddle and gallop down toward the canyon . close shot Mary . she look after he . full shot the wagon move down toward the river . clay disappear into the canyon . Steve and the remuda follow the wagon . ext . canyon trail angle toward mouth of canyon . clay ride along the trail , he rifle at the ready . now he move warily , keep a sharp lookout . the canyon be dark , sinister . reverse shot the cavalcade enter the canyon . another angle - shoot down clay ride toward camera . the trail curve around a cliff . mo . shot clay . he ride around the bend in the trail . he hear something . he rein the horse in . some pebble rattle down the cliff . he look up . from clay's angle the muzzle of a rifle be visible . clay start to bring he gun up . fowler' voice hold it ! down angle clay let he rifle rest across he knee . he look up . fowler , a well - set - up young man in jeans , blue shirt and wear jacket and wear a batter hat , move into scene . close shot clay . he be wary , puzzle as to the man 's identity . for all he know it may be one of lednov 's man . mo . shot clay and fowler . fowler what be you doin ' on this trail ? clay followin ' it . any reason I should not ? mo . long shot shoot past fowler . into view come the wagon and the remuda . fowler lower he rifle . he slide down the cliff to stand beside clay . mo . close clay and fowler . fowler my name 's fowler . I be campe up a way . he extend he hand . clay shake it . clay clay Phillips of aspen . be havin ' trouble ? fowler nope . but I do not want any . clay neither do we . that 's why we take this trail instead of the main road , and drive all night . fowler you be welcome to use my camp . he motion ahead , start walk . clay ride beside he . dissolve ext . meadow full shot . the river be beyond the meadow . in the pine forest at the edge of the meadow be fowler 's camp . the cavalcade be drive up to the camp . there be two horse tethere in the meadow . ext . fowler' camp mo . full shot . a tarp be stretch over the camp . there be a crude stone fireplace , a rough table and two bench . shelves be nail between the tree . in a small lean - to there be a bunk with fowler 's bedroll on it . fowler stand watch Mary and holen as they get out of the wagon . the horse sproad out across the meadow . Steve and clay dismount . both unsaddle . helen , Mary and fowler exchange glance . then the two woman walk toward the camp , which be behind a screen of tree . mo . close on camp helen and Mary enter the camp . mary we might as well start a fire . helen go ahead . ( nodd off ) get in training for the pioneer life . I be find the nearest body of water and climb into it . she go off and across the meadow . Mary look after she , shrug and go to the fireplace , take moss and twig from the pile and put they in . clay , carry saddle bag and canteen , enter . mary get a light ? he put they down , go over to the fireplace and kneel to light the moss . Mary have step back . close shot - low as he light the fire , the lower portion of Mary 's body come into the shot . clay become aware of she closeness . he rise slowly . camera angle up . Mary be stand face he , almost touch he . they stare at each other without speak . both suddenly move togother . they kiss . there be a SOUND over shot and they step apart , look off . another angle Steve have come into scene and be look at they . he smile with pleasure and surprise . steve ( innocently ) want the wagon unload , clay ? clay ( upset ) just the grub box and bed roll . Steve nod , smile at both of they and go out of scene . clay and Mary face each other . suddenly clay swing around and go out of shot after he brother . close shot - mary she look after he , clearly in love , disappointed that they be interrupt . then she turn to the fire . mo . close shot clay and Steve . camera move ahead of they as they walk toward the wagon . Steve have begin to whistle blithely . clay look sideways at he . Steve whistle even louder . they stop at the wagon . camera hold . Steve climb inside and hand down the grub box . steve I -- I think it will be swell . clay put the grub box on the ground . Steve toss out the bed roll , then jump out . he grin up at clay . mo . close clay , embarrassed , put he hand on the boy 's shoulder . clay when you get older you will understand thing better . like woman and man . just because a man kiss a woman , do not always mean -- well , he can kiss she and not want to -- have she around all the time . Steve watch he , puzzle . his exuberance have go . clay we get a lot to do , you and i. gettin ' that ranch start and everything . we have be get along fine , all this year . for a while I want to keep it the way it be . abruptly clay turn and indicate the grub box . Steve watch he . clay take that in and help she get breakfast , will you ? Steve nod and carry the grub box out of the scene . clay stare after he . then he pick up the bed roll and move around the wagon . another angle clay in the f.g. in front of clay stretch the meadow with the river beyond . the horse be graze in the meadow . fowler can be see hurry toward the aspen and alder that screen the river . ext . river bank mo . shot . here the river move quietly down . the bank be sandy . alder and aspen screen it from the meadow . helen sit on the sand take off she shoe and stocking . her toilet box be beside she . something on the bank catch she attention , she rise and climb the bank . some branch of aspen cover a object . she pull the branch away , revealing a crud , miner 's cradle or rocker . mo . close helen stare down at the cradle . she do not know what it be . fowler' voice ( sharp ) what be you do down here ? helen , startle , turn . another angle fowler and helen . they stare at each other . fowler ( curt ) you get no business snoopin ' around -- helen ( hard ) I snoopin ' ? I come down here to take a bath . she glance from fowler to the cradle . helen that something I should not see ? fowler ( flustered ) no . but it 's mine and I do not want anyone foolin ' with it . hurriedly he cover it with branch again . helen watch he , curious , interested . helen what be it ? fowler just a thing I be workin ' on . helen the way you act , it must be something pretty secret . when fowler do not explain she move on down the bank and sit on the sand . fowler go on . take you bath . I will beat it . helen you would not have a smoke on you , would you ? fowler come over and sit down beside she . he take [ a ] sack of tobacco and papers from he pocket . she reach for they . he watch she wide - eye as she roll a cigarette . he hold a match for she . helen thanks . she turn to the toilet case on the sand beside she , take out a comb . he glance at the box , then reach over and from it take she powder box . he sniff it . without irritation , as though borrow a toy from a child , helen take the powder box from he . fowler that sure smell good . helen I like it . fowler up here in the hill , a man get a hanker to smell powder . helen then why stay in the hill . she look at he then up the bank where the cradle be . helen that why ? fowler hesitates . helen hand he back the powder box as matter - of - factly as she take it . he accept it gratefully , again put it to he nose . now he look up at she , regard she calculatingly for a moment or two . they eye meet . fowler I guess you can keep a secret . that 's a gold rocker . I be doin ' a little placer mining in a place nobody ever think to look for gold before . he reach to he throat and lift over he head a braid loop of rawhide . attach to the loop be a small , plump , soft -leather poke . still hold the powder box , he pass she the poke . she start to work with the thong . fowler look at she -- see she shine . one week 's work . helen still struggle with the thong . he take the poke , pull it open , pour grain of gold into he palm . helen look at the shine heap in he hand . then she take the poke and pour some of the grain in she own palm . she look down at it . her expression be calculate . she look up at fowler and then the hard look go away . she give he a soft smile . dissolve ext . meadow close shot - down angle . Mary be asleep in the shade of a pine . she lie on a tarp use a fold blanket for a pillow . it be very quiet . she stir , open she eye . her expression change . a soft smile play around she lip as camera angle widen and we see clay sit near she , lean against the bole of a pine . he be not look at she . Mary watch he for a moment . mary ( softly ) Roll I a cigarette , clay . clay look over at she . then rise he move closer , squat and roll a cigarette . he hold it out . she lick it , then put it in she mouth . clay light a match , hold it out . she catch he hand and hold the flame to she cigarette . mary thanks . she still hold he hand . they look at each other . mary why do not you wake I ? clay do not answer . mary you should have . I do not like leave thing unfinish . clay ( quiet ) maybe it 's better that way . mary ( intense ) you do not mean that clay . she hold he hand , smile up . clay hesitates , then desire for she be more than he can bear , so he take she in he arm . they kiss , hold the kiss for a long while . another angle they break . she lie look up . he half lie , half sit beside she . mary ( a whisper ) tell I , darling . clay what ? mary what do a man usually tell a girl ? for answer , clay kiss she again -- hard , ruthlessly . his hand crush she shoulder . Mary hold the kiss for a moment , then draw back , wait for he to say the word she want to hear . his hand pull she toward he . Mary want the kiss -- but she also want a declaration of love . she make one last try to get it . mary tell I -- please -- clay 's grip on she shoulder tighten . she search he face with a glance -- stare into he eye -- then push he away and sit up . close shot Mary . she be hurt by he silence . mary all right you do not love I . so let it go at that . camera angle widen . clay 's expression harden . he drop he hand from she shoulder . clay what do you expect ? speech I do not mean ? mary I do not expect anything . a minute ago I have not cuite wake up . she stand . he rise to face she . mary I be awake now . go on . say what you want to say . I will listen . clay if it 's pretty speech you want , you will not be hearing they . even when I mean them , they do not come easy . mary save them for the girl in gingham . just tell I I be not good enough for you . go on . say a woman like I can not change . clay all right -- it 's say ! mary then let 's get start . the sooner I get to sonora , the better I will like it . turn she start down toward camp . mo . long shot angle past clay . below be the camp . Beyond the camp , through the tree , stand the wagon and Steve be hitching up the mule . clay hesitates , then follow . close trucking shot Mary . tear form in she eye . she blink they away , compose herself with a effort . ext . camp mo . shot - helen and fowler in f.g. helen sit at one side of the table , fowler on the other . helen hold the soft leather poke . in the b.g. Mary approach . behind she come clay . helen you be sure there 's more where this come from ? fowler plenty more . ( motion ) and somewhere up there 's the lode , the rock rotten with it . helen pour the gold out in she palm as Mary come up . Mary stand look down . helen pretty , be not it ? and all you have to do be shovel sand into a thing and the river do the work . another angle clay enter the scene and go over to pick up he saddle bag . mary ( quiet ) give it back to he . we be leavin ' . helen maybe you be . I be not . she reach over and pat fowler 's hand . helen I be stayin ' here with jed . Mary look from helen to fowler . fowler ( shyly ) I figure we will get along just fine . helen well cheer , why do not you ? no more responsibility , Mary . marcia -- Elaine -- I -- all take care of . down there feed horse and raise kid , you will not have a thing to worry about . Mary stand look down at helen . lovingly helen pour the gold back in the poke . mary I be not raise horse or kid for anybody . I be open the slickest gambling house in California with a crystal chandelier , the biggest you ever see -- clay , saddle bag in hand , straighten . Mary direct the rest of the speech at he . mary -- gaslight and a dance floor and a big bar . Cash register with bell and a couple of boy with armband just to keep them ringing . what do you think of that ? helen sound fine . only that be not how it 's go to be . helen juggle the poke in she hand . helen I be sure of this . but not of you . ( shake head ) you will not open any joint . I have be watch you change . you be mad now and you think you can change back . but you can not . you will end up make bed in a board house . mary ( furious ) that 's it then . fowler ( the master ) that 's it . she 's stay with I -- for keep . another angle Steve have enter the camp and be stand look at they open-mouthed . Mary move over to fowler and hold out she hand . mary if there be more man like you , there would not be so many of we . fowler thanks . mary it 's nice to meet a man who do not want to own a woman from the day she be bear . I never have the luck . the only kind I have run into be tramp or dirty - minded hypocrite . clay move up beside Mary . mo . close clay , Mary and fowler . clay ( to fowler ) she 's aimin ' at I , but she aim 's bad . ( to Mary ) want to know why I change my mind about bring you ? because I talk to Elaine -- because I be afraid to leave you with decent people , that 's why . and you will open you joint all right . you would not fit anywhere else . he move on past she , motion to Steve . clay let 's round up the horse . Steve hesitates . clay ( sharp ) come on -- we do not want to keep the people in sonora wait . he stalk away , follow by Steve . Mary turn and look after he . close shot Mary . she want to break window . mo . close shot Mary , fowler and helen . helen be stare at Mary . she cross to she and put she arm around she shoulder . helen Mary , honey . I talk too much , like always -- he think you tell Elaine the thing I tell she . mary ( furious ) I do not care what he think . Mary throw she arm off and move after clay and Steve . helen look at fowler and shrug . mo . shot the wagon . as Mary hurry up to stand by the tail gate , clay and Steve , now mount , spur they horse and start across the meadow . close shot Mary . she stare after they , raging . then she glance at the wagon . another angle Mary in f.g . the mulo stand in they trace , wait . Mary make up she mind what to do . climb into the bed , she heave out pack saddle , bed roll , rope , etc . clay and stove can be see in b.g. riding down toward where the horse graze . mo . shot angle toward camp . into the scene come pack saddle , bed roll . helen and fowler , in b.g. , walk toward the wagon . mo . close shot wagon . Mary straighten , look off , then climb into the seat and pick up the rein and the whip . she lash the mule with the whip . camera angle widen . the mule jump and gallop off . fowler and helen come into the scene . another angle the wagon , pull by the gallop mule , be disappear in a cloud of dust . mo . shot the meadow . clay and Steve have almost reach the horse . Steve turn . steve clay -- look ! clay swing around . long shot they angle . Mary drive the wagon around a bend in the trail . mo . close shot on clay . he glance after Mary , then rein he horse around and gallop after she , camera panning with he . ext . trail moving shot . Mary drive the wagon along the trail . ahead beyond the river , the mountain rise . the river be run bank full . the trail lead down to a rocky , dangerous bank . Mary pull the mule in at the bank . close shot Mary . she look toward the river . she be frighten , about to abandon the whole foolish enterprise . she glance back . long shot from Mary 's angle . clay gallop around a bend in the trail . close shot Mary . she look in clay 's direction , then turn and stare at the river . mo . shot angle past Mary . she make up she mind to go through with it and lash the mule with the whip . camera angle widen . the mule balk when they reach the river . Mary lash they again . they jump forward into the torrent . reverse shot clay gallop toward the river . Steve come around the bend in the trail . mo . full shot the river . the mule flounder , start swim . the current catch the wagon . it start drift downstream . Mary whip the mule . they swim , the current pull they . then the wagon go over . Mary be throw into the water . the mule kick themselves free and swim to the other bank . Mary go under , come up and start swim desperately . clay ride into the shot . his mare hesitates at the bank . clay spur she and she plunge in . Mary 's belonging can be see float down the river . another angle clay swim he horse toward Mary who be floundering in the stream . close shot Mary . the current sweep she against a rock . stun -- she go under . mo . shot clay swim he horse to she , reach down and lift she up in front of he . another angle clay 's horse , with the double burden , fight she way out of the stream and scramble up the bank to stop on level ground . mo . close clay and Mary . clay , he expression anxious , stare down at the stunne Mary . he swing out of the saddle , hold she tenderly to he . the brush with death have make he realize how much she mean to he . gently , he put she down on the sand , stoops beside she . another angle clay and Mary in f.g . Steve swim he horse across and ride up the bank to dismount near they . clay Mary -- mo . close - down angle Mary open she eye and sit up clay ( anxiously ) be you all right ? Mary be humiliate , bedraggle and wet , still angry and fight back tear . mary ( sharp ) no , I be not all right . I be soak and I hit myself against that rock . clay ( nettlod at she tone ) I suppose that 's my fault . Mary get to she foot . camera angle widen . Steve stand in the b.g . she look out at the river . mary ( wail ) all my clothes -- clay that 's right -- worry about you clothes -- another angle to include wagon in river . clay , suddenly furious , point to the wagon . clay what about my wagon . of all the crazy fool thing to do . you lose a man 's wagon because you be stupid and then yell about you clothes . this be the last straw . Mary turn she back , dig into she stock and pull out some bill . she hand they to he . mary for the wagon . clay look at Mary , then down at the money . mary go on , take it . then you can not spend the rest of the trip expect to get pay . clay ( furious ) there will not be any rest of the trip . over the hill be a stage road and when we hit it you get dumped into the first stage that come along . so keep you money . you will need it for the fare . I be feed up with you . I be feed up with you before we start . he turn and see Steve stand scowling at he . he take the rest of he anger out on Steve . clay do not just stand there . go on back and get the pack on the horse . we have lose all the time we be go to because of a woman . clay stride over to he horse and swing into the saddle . Steve stand look at Mary . clay come on . do not you hear I ? as he plunge he horse into the stream : dissolve ext . river full shot - the lower ford . where the main road cross the river , it flow gently , with sand bank on either side . Three horseman appear around a bend in the trail and ride down to the riverbank . they be lednov , mccall and Peters . lednov 's horse be limping badly . they ride into the river . reverse angle the horse swim to shore and flounder up the bank , lednov 's horse last . as the horse start up the bank lednov see something o.s. and rein the horse in . mo . shot from lednov 's angle . a piece of clothing float down the river . lednov ride down the bank into the water . he reach down awkwardly and get the piece of clothing , then turn and ride back up the bank . another angle the two other have turn and be watch he . he ride up to they , hold out one of Mary 's undergarment . mccall we get company . female company . lednov ( look at the garment ) yeah , we sure have . he turn to scan the river . angle past they - at river Mary 's trunk come float by . the three man look at each other , then lednov turn he horse and start up the bank of the river . the other follow . dissolve ext . peak of the sierra nevada mountain extreme long shot . the long pine - cover approach , and the glisten summit ; the early snow cover the rock with a thin layer of white . camera pan down from the height of the mountain , to the narrow trail that wind among the tree . clay pass , and behind he the pack -horse and the romuda . follow the remuda come Mary . she be dress in a pair of Steve 's pants and wear one of he shirt under she own coat . mo . shot Mary , as she swing with the movement of the horse . she be tired . she wear no makeup . but she look as unaffectedly beautiful as we have ever see she . mo . full shot the trail . it turn steeply , double back , and new clay be directly above she . he look down at she , but she disregard he glance . we feel that he might speak , but she cold restraint prevent he . the wind whistle through the tree . the slow plodd noise of the horse become more distant . dissolve ext . upper ford - night - moonlight mo . full shot . lednov , mccall and Peters ride slowly through the brush to where the trail enter the river . downstream , wedge in the rock be the wagon . the three man look at the wagon , then turn to look back along the trail . long shot they angle . fowler 's campfire flicker through the tree . mo . close the three man . they look at each other . lednov motion in the direction of fowler 's camp . they start back along the trail . ext . meadow - night full shot . the three man ride along the trail toward the camp . through the tree the campfire flicker . ext . fowler' camp - night mo . shot . fowler be put the supper dish up on the shelf beside the fireplace . the camp be cleaner than it be earlier in the day . it be evident that he have go to great pain to make he visitor comfortable . a mirror have be tack up on a tree , and under it be a wash basin . fowler 's rifle and shotgun be in a rack near the fireplace . helen 's trunk stand open near the lean -to . helen , wear a robe , take some clothing from it , close the trunk . helen you can put this out of the way , jed . it 's empty . fowler turn and smile . helen push through the curtain into the lean -to . fowler put the last of the dish on the shelf , cross to the trunk and move it over to the side of the lean -to . turn to go back to the fireplace , he stop . another angle fowler in the f.g. lednov , rifle in hand , stand just inside the camp on the meadow side . fowler ( turn slowly ) what do you want ? lednov move slowly forward to stand near the table . he look around he . fowler start slowly toward the fireplace . lednov I see you fire and drop by to say hello . fowler well , say it . try to be casual , fowler move closer to where the gun be rack . lednov what 's the matter -- restless ? fowler yes , people make I restless . lednov even woman ? fowler there be not any woman here . lednov I suppose that 's you wagon in the river . fowler some people who go by this way lose it . ( nervously ) two man and some woman . they pack they stuff on horse and go on . lednov and you be all alone . fowler yeah . he have edge closer to the gun rack . lednov seem unaware that he be near the gun . his interest be center on the lean -to . he move to the entrance , stand with he hand on the canvas . lednov suppose I take a look . fowler go ahead . lednov pull back the flap . his back be to fowler , who start quickly for the tree , only to stop as mccall come out from behind it . mccall look for something ? fowler drop he hand to he side . lednov turn , grin at fowler , and enter the lean-to . int . lean - to - night the shelter be dark . lednov strike a match and look around . the place be empty . there be a bunk , make up . on the leave hand wall a curtain of gunny sack cover the clothes hang there . the match burn down to lednov 's finger . there be a SOUND of a scuffle outside a blow , and a groan . lednov drop the match and hurry out . ext . camp - night lednov come out of the lean -to . fowler be sprawle by the table . mccall stand over he , rifle raise . lednov hold it , mac. ext . back of lean - to - night mo . close shot . helen stand flatten against a tree . lednov' voice get up . cautiously helen start move away . ext . camp - night mo . shot . fowler pull himself to he foot . Mac stand near he . lednov come on . where would the woman go ? fowler sink on a bench , he head in he hand . lednov move closer . lednov when I ask question , I like to hear answer . fowler they go on like I tell you . ext . forest - moonlight mo . shot . helen cautiously move away from the camp . lednov' voice how long ago ? fowler five , six hour . a twig snap underfoot . helen freeze . ext . camp - night mo . shot . lednov be stare off in the direction of helen . mccall move to the edge of the lean - to , look off . ext . forest - night mo . close shot . helen start forward again , more cautiously than ever . she reach a tree , turn to look back . another angle helen , back to camera , be in immediate f.g. through the tree can be see the camp and the flicker fire . she turn , and then fright come into she expression . reverse shot Peters stand in front of she . as he reach out for she , she try to get away . he grab she , wrapping he arm around she . ext . camp - night mo . shot . from o.s. come the SOUND of helen and Peters struggle . fowler , hearing the SOUND , get to he foot . lednov and mccall turn on he . lednov sit down . ( call ) all right , Peters , come on over here . ext . forest - night mo . shot . Peters , carry the struggle helen , head for the camp . ext . camp - night another angle . fowler make a futile dive for lednov . mccall swing he rifle . fowler go down . in the b.g. Peters drag the struggle helen around the lean - to into the camp . lednov ( to fowler ) so you be all alone . he move forward to meet helen and Peters . lednov reach out for helen . Peters pull she away . peter ( sharp ) you keep you hand off . mccall have take he attention from fowler and give it to helen . unnotice now , fowler be struggle back to consciousness . he try to pull himself up . mccall turn back and kick he again . helen ( yell ) let he alone ! she rake Peters ' face with she fingernails , try to fight free . lednov reach out and grab she arm . Peters knock he arm down . free for the moment , helen launch a attack on mccall , who be get ready to boot fowler again . she be on he like a cat , swarm all over he . he defend himself . helen be yell furiously as she fight mccall . helen kick a guy , would you ! you scum ! you will not do any kickin ' when they come back . lednov have reach she now . he wrap he arm around she and pull she away from mccall . helen try to fight he . helen you dirty murderer ... killin ' people when they be sleepin' ... lednov pinion she arm . lednov how do you know who we be ? helen everybody know -- lednov ( excited ) who bring you here ? helen do not answer . lednov start twist she arm . lednov you say somebody be comin ' back -- who 's comin ' back ? helen ( moan ) stop it -- as the pain increase she blurt out clay 's name . helen clay Phillips . lednov where be he ? helen up the trail . in a fury , lednov crush she arm . lednov how far up the trail ? helen ( moan ) I do not know -- I do not know . he hurl she from he . she go back against the table . fowler be try to struggle to he foot . in blind rage , lednov raise he gun and fire . fowler crumple . helen look down , too horrify and terrify to scream . lednov look at she , then almost casually he shoot she . mccall and Peters stand watch as though freeze . peter ( huskily ) you do not have to do that . lednov ( deadly ) why not ? she might have get to clay Phillips before I do . as he turn , fade out ext . OPEN ridge fade in mo . full shot - angle east . behind the ridge rise the range through which the pass to nevada cut its way . the trail which have dip down into a canyon come up to follow the ridge a way and then drop down again . lednov , mccall and Peters ride along the trail . lednov , in the lead , stop suddenly and look off . extreme long shot down angle from lednov 's point of view . Far below be a meadow and crossing it be a wagon road . this be the road from yosemite to sonora . the road come down the hill to the south and , as the forest be open at this point , anything approach along the road can be see for some distance . it cross the meadow and continue into the northwest . in the meadow be a snake-rail corral . clay 's pack train come out of the wood above the meadow and start down . mo . shot mccall , lednov and Peters . lednov motion to he man and they hurriedly ride forward into the shelter of some tree . mo . shot the pack train . Mary , half asleep , slump forward . her horse have stop . Steve ride up alongside and look over at she , anxiously . steve be you all right ? Mary start into wakefulness . she smile at Steve . mary for the last ten mile I have be try to figure out how to sleep sit up . I be get to the point where I do not think there 's any place name sonora . steve it 's a long way yet . ( arrogantly , to clay ) I figure we ought to camp . she 's tired . clay so be I and so be the horse . he ride on ahead . Steve look after he , annoyed , then follow with Mary . ext . meadow clay lead the pack train out into the clear and toward the road . a small creek thread its way through the meadow . clay ride up to the creek and swing out of the saddle . he be take the saddle off as the other ride up . clay ( to Steve ) take the pack off . and run the horse into the corral . he throw the saddle down , take he rifle out of the scabbard . Steve do not move . clay I say take the pack off . he start off past Mary , glance up . mo . close shot Mary lean wearily forward on the pommel , too tired to dismount . clay ( gruffly ) I figure we will make better time , let the horse rest for a spell . Mary look down at he . she be hope he will reach up and lift she down . clay so grab yourself some sleep while you have the chance . mary if you want to go on , I can make it all right . clay like I say , I be thinkin ' of the horse . he turn a way abruptly and go toward the road . Mary look after he , disappointed . Steve come over and help she down . mo . shot Steve and Mary . Steve spread a tarp on the grass . steve you stretch out . I will fix something to eat . mary ( sit ) thanks , Steve . Steve go back and start unpack the horse . Mary look off in clay 's direction , then stretch out and pillow she head on she arm . now the sun be come up and drive the darkness out of the meadow . in the distance clay can be see climb up on a rise . mo . close shot clay . he climb up on a eminence and look back toward the hill . long shot he angle . the open ridge . there be no sign of lednov . angle past clay into the meadow . Steve have unpack the horse . they graze inside the crude corral . Steve be collect wood for a fire . clay hurry down toward he . mo . shot Steve squat beside the pile of needle , twig and pine cone . he strike a match and set the needle aflame . clay hurry into the scene and roughly kick the fire out . Steve rise . clay ( angrily ) if you want them to find we , why do not you go up on the hill and wave you shirt or fire you rifle . Steve be ashamed of he thoughtlessness and for a moment be apologetic . steve I do not stop to think , clay . clay ( short ) you better start . clay turn and go over to where the pack lie . he kneel beside the pack , rummages in they for hardtack and tin food . Steve look after he . close shot Steve . he be hurt and angry . know he be in the wrong about the fire do not help matter . he would like to go off in the wood and cry , but that 's out of the question . instead he follow clay and stand above he . mo . close shot steve maybe you and I better split up when we hit sonora . clay speak without look up . clay ( mildly ) all right , I hurt you feeling . but you know better than to go lightin ' fire . steve that be not why . I just figure it 's about time to start runnin ' my own life . clay spread the food on a tarp , sit down and start eat a hardtack . clay maybe you be not hungry , but I be . Steve stare down at he angrier , more hurt than ever . clay come on . we get a couple hour to eat and get some sleep . steve I will eat when I be good and ready . clay kind of feel you oat this morning . I have not laid a hand on you for quite a while , but that do not mean you be too old . steve what make you think you be so almighty ? telling people what to do and how to act when you do not even know how yourself . [ as this scene continue , there be hear , faintly o.s. the SOUND of little bell , the kind that teamster put on the hame of they horse . over the hill , in the direction of yosemite , a stage be approach . it be come slowly uphill . soon it will be visible on the rise about a mile south of the meadow . ] another angle shoot toward Steve and clay past Mary . she be asleep . steve you be not even man enough to own up when you be wrong . clay rise and stand face Steve . steve go on , hit I . clay sit down and eat . till I say the word , you be do what you be tell . steve you oughta say you be sorry -- that 's what you oughta do . clay you keep you nose out of my life , young fella . steve maybe I have not live as long as you have , but I know a sight more about people and I would not talk to a mule like you talk to she and , if I do , I would say how sorry I be . I would be man enough to do that . Steve 's voice rise during this speech . in f.g. Mary stir and open she eye . then she sit up . clay I say keep you nose out of my life . no kid be go to tell I how to run it . steve you think you be so slmighty -- smart -- who be you to sit up there and say nobody 's good enough for you , like you say yesterday -- just because a man kiss a woman -- Mary have rise . she be listen to Steve . she be also listen to the bell . long shot she angle . over the rise come the stage . it be still a long way off . steve's voice -- do not mean he want to marry she . another angle to include all three . the brother still do not see Mary . steve well , if you do not mean it , why do you kiss she ? clay be ashamed but will not show it . he put he hand on Steve 's shoulder and push he . clay shut up and eat . Steve swing for he chin . clay duck the blow , grab Steve 's wrist . Steve swing with he leave , hit clay ineffectually . clay pin Steve 's arm to he side . mary ( sharply ) stop it -- both of you . she walk toward they as clay release Steve and step back . Steve put he hand up , make ready for another round . mary I will not have you fight over I . clay ( to Steve ) I be sorry . steve you do not know what it be to be sorry . mary ( sharp ) Steve -- Steve turn abruptly and move away . he be on the verge of tear . mary ( to clay ) mind sortin ' out my thing -- I be leave . she motion off . clay be suddenly aware of the approach stage . he look in that direction . long shot from he angle . the stage drive along the road . mary maybe it be not go to sonora , but it 's go somewhere , which be all right with I . clay it 's go to sonora . mary Fine -- maybe I will see you there sometime . she turn and start go through the kyack , look for she thing . clay frown down at she . mary because as you say , that 's where I belong . Mary 's attention be on the kyack . from where clay stand near she he can see the trail lead down through open country toward the meadow . clay I say a lot of thing -- some of them -- something o.s. catch he attention , then he pause to look off . ext . trail long shot - he angle . up on the ridge there be the flash of sun on metal . ext . ridge mo . shot . lednov , mccall and Peters ride through the tree . close shot clay . he look up anxiously , then turn . camera angle widen to include Mary and she straighten and face he , she back to the trail . mary some of them you do not mean but most of them you do . I do not blame you because I understand you way of think and why you think that way . you want you woman on pedestal . but they have to be bear on them -- they can fall off but they can not climb back up . clay ( sharply ) I can not help how I think . you be train a certain way when you be a kid and you can not change . he bend down and pick up she thing . clay if you be gonna catch this stage , come on . another angle the stage have speed up and be come fast down the road . Mary look up at clay hurt and shocked by he sudden sharpness . she have hope he would not let she go . mary I can not change either . not unless somebody want I enough to give I a hand . clay hurry up . he start off , Mary follow . mo . close trucking shot Mary make one last attempt to get he to change he mind . mary ( softly ) I be fool enough to believe that one of this day somebody will . somebody who want I as I be will maybe walk into the place where I be work and take I out of there . clay maybe they will . he wave for the stage to stop . angle past stage the driver see clay wave and pull the horse in . the stage move down to the edge of the meadow . mo . shot the stage . it be a small one , a double - seat buckboard with one woman passenger and the driver a elderly man . on the side of the vehicle be paint : " yosemite - sonora stage line " . the woman , middle - age and rather drab , look at Mary curiously . clay mind give a lady a lift into town ? driver ( to Mary ) climb right in . he jump out of the stage and follow clay , carry Mary 's belonging , around back of the stage . Mary get into the stage beside the woman who move over for she . another angle on back of stage . the driver open the boot and clay hand he Mary 's belonging . he start stow they in the boot . clay will you be see the sheriff ? driver Depot 's right next to he office . clay start scribbling a note . in the b.g. Steve have move up beside the stage . he stand look up at Mary . mo . close feature Mary and Steve . steve ( shyly ) Goodbye , mar 'am . Mary reach down and take he hand . mary ( quietly ) Goodbye , Steve . do not fight with he any more . Steve 's expression harden . he glance toward the back of the stage , then at Mary . mary it 's not he fault , just you remember that . it 's mine . do not ask I why because you could not understand now . some day you will . clay and the driver come around the stage . Steve step back . the driver climb into the seat . clay and Mary look at each other . mary Goodbye . thanks for the lift . clay Goodbye , Mary . mary by the way , if you ever go past the Wyatt ranch , have another talk with Elaine . before clay can speak , the driver snap he whip and the stage jerk away down the road . Mary do not look back . clay , in f.g. , look after it . Dust rise . it disappear around a bend in the road . clay turn and start across the meadow . Steve look after clay , hesitates , then follow . mo . close as clay reach the spot where the kyack and saddle be throw . Steve come up to he . steve you know what she ask I ? clay I do not care what she ask you . steve she tell I not to fight with you anymore . she say it be not you fault , but -- I figure different ... clay be look off , hardly listen . steve it be so you fault and ... and I guess maybe when we hit the ranch ... you andme better ... clay ( sharply ) you want to split up ? -- clay 's eye be narrow , peer toward : ext . rocky hillside - day long shot ( clay 's angle ) of the shadow slope . something move , indistinct , and then the sun catch a gun barrel as it disappear . mo . close clay and Steve as clay turn sharply . clay -- why wait ? go on , saddle up now and beat it . Steve look over toward the horse , stalling . steve half of they be mine . clay ( hard ) you will get you share . go on . I do not want you around . turn , he cross to where Steve 's horse stand . camera angle widen . he load the horse back , throw a blanket and saddle on and cinch up the saddle . Steve watch , angry and hurt . clay step back . clay there you be . mo . close the two brother . they stare at each other . Steve be on the verge of tear . hurriedly , he swing into the saddle . mo . shot he glance down to clay and dig he spur in and gallop after the stage . clay 's stern expression leave he face . he look after the boy , smile softly and then start carry the pack - saddle into the shelter of the forest . ext . road mo . shot . Steve ride along the road . he pull he horse in , then glance back . ext . meadow long shot - Steve 's angle . clay be carry the belonging into the shelter of the forest . camera pan over and up . momentarily a horseman be see riding into a open space . close shot Steve as he stare . then understanding he brother 's action , he jerk the rein and swing the horse around and ride back toward the meadow . ext . meadow mo . shot - Steve gallop across the meadow to the corral , swing off and start unsaddle . clay be inside the forest lighting the fire . mo . close clay . he look over toward Steve , then rise and hurry toward he . mo . close clay and Steve . Steve take down the bar and put the horse in the corral . clay come up to he as he 's put the bar back up . clay what do you come back for ? steve like I tell you , half that horse be mine . I be makin ' sure they get to the ranch safe . so let 's quit argue and do whatever you figure on doin ' . the two brother stare at each other . clay ( softly ) be that the only reason you come back ? steve ( gruff ) sure . what other reason would there be ? clay ( smile ) I just wonder . let 's go . ext . meadow long shot - down angle . above the pine smoke rise . the horse graze inside the corral . in the shadowy forest by the creek , clay 's camp can be see . a tarp have be stretch over the camp . lednov move into the right hand side of the frame and look down . reverse shot lednov stand on a rocky hill look down in the meadow . behind he be mccall and Peters . they be screen from the meadow by the rock . lednov turn and start off through the rock to circle above the camp . the two man follow . all be on foot . ext . rock long shot shoot past clay and along he rifle . clay , hide behind a wall of rock , be watch the trail where it come down into the meadow . something move on the rocky hill above and to he leave . he look up , wait . the movement stop . clay glance around . another angle below clay , Steve lie in a cut in the rock , watch the camp . clay motion toward the hill . Steve nod . ext . rock pan shot - from clay 's angle . camera , shoot through the rifle sight , search the forest and meadow . as a flight of bird suddenly rise above a section of the forest , the camera hold . ext . rocky hilltop mo . shot . lednov , mccall and Peters have stop , halt by the sudden flight of the bird . another angle below be the camp . lednov motion . lednov ( to Peters ) go on down and have a look . peter ( scoffing ) and get my head blow off ! not I . lednov look at mccall . from he pocket , mccall take a coin . mccall call it . peter head . mccall flip the coin , show it to Peters . Peters shrug and start move cautiously down toward the camp . mo . close lednov and mccall . lednov and you ! get go . mccall move off to circle around in back of where clay and Steve wait . lednov watch he go then , move to the shelter of the rock , wait . another angle his position command the meadow , where the horse be corral , and the camp . ext . rock long shot - clay 's angle . the forest be silent . then , momentarily , Peters be in the open . clay bring he rifle up , try to get he in the sight . wheeler disappear . ext . peter ' position mo . shot . stealthily , Peters make he way down toward the camp . long shot angle past Peters . Peters , shelter by a tree trunk , raise he rifle , then he eye catch a movement . he fire . ext . rock long shot - past clay . clay have Peters in he sight . he fire . mo . close Peters . Peters be stretch on the needle - cover earth , dead . ext . rock mo . close - clay . clay throw the empty cartridge out and another in . o.s. there be a shot . a bullet hit near he . clay look off in the direction where lednov be wait on the hill west of the camp . another shot be hear . a bullet smack into the rock close to clay . it come from mccall 's position southwest of the camp . clay duck . ext . lednov' position long shot - lednov 's angle . lednov be try to get clay in he sight . he fire as clay be see momentarily . ext . mccall position long shot - mccall 's angle . mccall fire at clay . ext . rock clay and Steve crawl down and away from lednov and mccall 's position . Steve grin at clay . he be enjoy this . clay ( quietly ) stick here . move cautiously he start in mccall 's direction . ext . mccall position mo . long shot . mccall , rifle ready look down toward the base of the log where Steve now wait . a twig snap below . he sight the rifle , wait . ext . clay's position mo . close . clay stand still . the forest be silent again . ext . lednov' position mo . long shot . lednov , shelter by a tree , have he rifle train on clay 's position . ext . clay's position moving shot . clay , walk cautiously , climb toward mccall 's position . ahead be a open area . stoop , clay pick up a rock and draw back he arm to throw it . ext . mccall position mo . long shot - angle toward open area below . the stone throw by clay , crash in the brush across the open area . mccall fire . ext . clay's position up angle past clay . the flash of sunlight on mccall 's rifle attract clay 's attention . he fire . from behind he , Steve fire . clay run across the open area . Steve fire again . ext . mccall position mo . shot . mccall try to struggle to he foot . fail , he bring he rifle up . clay in b.g. run to the shelter of a tree . mccall fire . clay 's rifle barrel emerge from behind tree . mccall try to drag himself to safety . clay fire . mccall go down on he face . from lednov 's position come the SOUND of a shot . long pan shot clay 's angle . camera search lednov 's position for some movement . there be none . ext . lednov' position down angle past lednov . below in the corral the horse be hunch together . lednov look down , then raise he rifle , he bring one of the horse into the bead of the sight . it be the bell mare . lednov ( call ) come on out , Phillips . his voice echoe again and again . clay 's answer be a shot . it cut the branch above lednov 's head . close shot lednov . he duck lower , steady he rifle . lednov ( he voice echoing ) that horse down there -- they do not amount to much to I . look at the one with the bell . long shot angle through sight . the sight center on the bell mare . mo . close shot Steve . he be stand recklessly try to find lednov in the rock above . mo . close shot clay . he stare down at the horse . a shot be hear . ext . corral mo . shot . the bell mare rear as the bullet strike the bell . the horse mill around the corral . ext . lednov' position mo . close shot . lednov ( call ; echoing ) next time I will not miss . close shot clay . he start forward , face set with rage . lednov' voice ( echoing ) watch the one with the white face . recklessly clay raise he rifle and fire three shot at lednov 's position . ext . rock mo . full shot as clay fire , Steve start run down . he cross the creek . ext . lednov' position long shot - down . lednov see Steve run . he swing he rifle away from the horse and try to get the boy in he sight . clay fire again . a bullet smack into the tree . lednov flinch . then again he try to center on Steve . ext . meadow mo . shot . Steve run , bend low , toward the rail fence . a bullet kick up dirt near he . ext . lednov' position long shot - down . Steve have almost reach the fence . lednov fire . Steve stumble and go down . mo . close Steve . he lie still a moment , then painfully he crawl to the rail and with a great effort try to tear the rail down . lednov fire . the bullet whistle past . Steve pull the fence down , crawl away from the open . the horse , milling around the corral break through . Steve lie still , face down . full shot the meadow , angle past clay . the horse scatter across the meadow . mo . shot clay , now the hunter , move toward lednov 's position . lednov fire . clay run and jump into the creek . shelter by the bank he make he way up the creek . mo . close lednov . he wait , he rifle ready . o.s. a twig snap . cautiously he look ahead . there be silence . mo . shot he angle . a light wind run through the great tree . shaft of light filter through the tree , make pattern on the forest floor . the light be dim , deceptive . lednov , rifle ready , search for some sign of clay . then from another direction come the SOUND of movement . lednov swing he rifle in that direction , wait . the SOUND have stop . clay's voice I be here lednov . his voice echoe across the hill . lednov sight along he rifle at the direction from which the SOUND of clay 's voice come . momentarily clay be see as he run from one tree to another . lednov fire . mo . close clay . clay cautiously edge around the base of a tree . he pick up a stick , stop . clay come on out . his voice can be hear echoing across the hill . he toss the stick . lednov fire at the SOUND of the fall stick . lednov' voice come and get I . as he voice echoe across the hill clay quickly move into the open and fire . another angle lednov crumple forward as he echoing voice fade out . clay move over to he to stand look down . dissolve ext . meadow mo . shot . Steve sit propped up against the fence rail . his shirt be off and he shoulder be crudely bandage . clay , who have be put the bandage on , stand and take a sack of tobacco from he pocket . clay ( roll cigarette ) how 's that ? steve kind of sore . clay you will live . steve ( shyly ) guess maybe I be old enough to hold my own in a fight , huh ? clay yeah -- but do not make a habit of it . steve so -- maybe I be old enough to tell you how to run you life ? clay ( stare down at he , then ) I guess so -- but do not make a habit of it . steve well , then , I know it take three -- four week for you to come round to admit when you be wrong ... but by that time she 's liable to be in China ... clay look at he for a moment , not angry , but not admit he 's wrong yet . dissolve out ext . sonora - night ( stock ) ext . sonora STREET - night full shot - feature hotel and doctor 's office . the sheriff 's posse , the body of lednov , mccall and wheeler sling across the back of horse , and clay 's remuda , trot down the street . people come out of the hotel to watch the cavalcade pass . clay and Steve be not with the posse . clay 's horse be tethere in front of the doctor 's office which be next door to the hotel . ext . doctor' office mo . shot - angle through window . clay , back to camera , be hold a kerosine lamp . the doctor , a lanky , middle - age man , be work over Steve , who be stretch out on a table . int . doctor' office mo . shot . shelves fill with bottle line the room , for the doctor be also the druggist . there be a glass cabinet in which be the doctor 's instrument . the room be cluttere . the lamp , hold by clay , throw a circle of pale light down on Steve . the doctor be work on Steve 's shoulder and arm . mo . close - up angle feature clay . clay suddenly avert he glance and wince as the doctor probe the wound in Steve 's arm . Steve groan . the lamp waver . doctor ( sharply ) hold she steady . I be not hurt he . steve maybe you be not , but I will sure be glad when you stop pokin ' I . footstep be heard approach . clay try to steady he shaking hand . he be focus he attention on a far wall . a woman 's hand come in the scene and take the lamp from he . he react . camera pull back to reveal Mary , who have move in beside he . close shot Steve . he smile up at Mary . mo . close shot angle past doctor . mary be it very bad ? doctor ( grumble ) course not . a scratch . he suddenly realize that a strange woman be in the room and react . doctor what be you doin ' here ? mary holding the lamp . doctor then hold it a little lower . Mary lower the lamp . close shot clay and Mary . up angle past lamp . clay thanks for take over . mary ( softly ) thanks for load I on the stage . I know now why you do it . clay like I say , woman get in the way sometimes . steve's voice he try to get rid of I , too , miss Wells . doctor keep still , will you . he straighten into the shot . camera pull back to mo . shot . Steve be now bandage . doctor put he over there on the cot . goodnight ... he will be all right . as clay lift Steve to the cot the doctor exit . Mary watch clay cover Steve . then she go to the door lead to the street , stop with she hand on the knob . mary goodnight . steve goodnight , miss Wells . mary ( look back ) if you need I , I will be -- clay straighten and turn . clay where you go ? mary to the other side of the street . she open the door and start out . ext . porch - doctor' office mo . shot . Mary start to close the door behind she . clay force it open . clay come out . Mary start toward the step . clay Mary . Mary stop at the edge of the porch . clay come up beside she . close shot Mary wait , look up at he . clay that job you be talkin ' about , do you get it yet ? mary why ? clay ( haltingly ) because ... well , you say you want a man to think enough of you to walk in the place you be work and take you out of there ... tonight I be sort of tie up with Steve ... but tomorrow I figure on do just that . mary ( softly ) I have not get the job yet . they look at each other . mary but if you want to wait until tomorrow -- for answer , clay take she in he arm . int . doctor' office angle past Steve on cot . in the b.g. through the open doorway , clay and Mary kiss . Steve watch a moment , then turn he head toward camera . he smile and close he eye . ext . porch two shot - Mary and clay . they break from the kiss . clay look down at Mary . clay ( softly ) be there any place in town a man could buy some gingham ? fade out the end