ruben brandt , collector screenplay by milorad krstié and radmila roczkov OPEN on : title " in my dream , I be two cat and I be play with each other . " ( frigyes karinthy ) 0010 . int . - nightmare - railcar - evening / night ruben brandt ( 45 ) be alone in the railcar , sit by the window , read a book . the monotonous clatter of the train be lulling he to sleep . he get up and head to the toilet through the empty hallway . the train go into a tunnel . the hallway be dark . he go in to the bathroom . he wash he hand while whistling . suddenly , a little boy appear in the background . the boy wear breech and a shirt , stand in the bathtub and stare ruben in the face . ruben wake up in the railcar . another boy ( frank duveneck whistling boy , 8 ) , hold a snail , be sit in front of he , stare straight into he eye while whistling . a window abruptly fall open and a strong gust of wind slap ruben in the face . ruben be horrify ; a little girl ( velazquez's infanta margarita , 7 ) , be hang outside the railcar . ruben brandt hey ! her finger can barely grasp the metal frame of the open window . she scream for help . infanta margarita ( shout ) help I ! help I ! the moment ruben leap over and catch the girl by she thin wrist she bite hard on ruben 's bare hand . ruben scream with pain , try to pull he hand out of the girl 's mouth , but the girl be much stronger and she slowly pull he out of the train . ruben be struggle to no avail . he desperately turn he head towards the boy , seek help . the boy watch indifferently and keep whistling he tune . only ruben 's foot remain in the railcar ; but to he horror , he notice the approach light of a locomotive on the opposite track . ruben scream . 0020 . int. / ext . - ruben brandt 's room . polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia - night ruben be breathe heavily as he wake up on the couch upside down , one foot stick in the headboard . the wall above the bed hold frame honorary diploma from renowned psychiatric conference . he pick up a voice recorder . ruben brandt my nightmare be get stronger and stronger . character from famous painting continue to attack I . this time , it be velazquez 's infanta margarita and Frank duveneck 's whistle Boy . I have not have a good night 's sleep in three week now . ( take a deep breath ) meanwhile , in the hall of the polyart Clinic , the night guard ( 38 ) watch the news . weather forecast «+. 20 degree and high near 27 . mostly sunny and dry for the weekend . lowest relative humidity , 25 percent . breaking news i. break News ! approximately 30 minute ago Paris Police announce that the priceless fan own by egyptian pharaoh cleopatra be steal from the Louvre Museum . witnesses report that a young woman in black break the glass case contain the fan and then escape by do a back flip out of the window and speed off in a red mercede in the direction of the place de la concorde . 0030 . ext. / int . - street and house of paris . FRANCE - evening two car be chase each other through the street of Paris . behind the wheel of the first car be mimi ( 28 ) , the second be drive by mike kowalski ( 40 ) . they car drive in parallel , close to each other . after take a sharp turn , they car slightly bump into each other . mike kowalski bonjour , Madame ! mimi Mademoiselle ! mike kowalski well , Mademoiselle ... you do not come to Paris to steal that fan , do you ? mimi non , détective kowalski . I just want to give you something to do . mimi put the car into gear and rush away . kowalski drive after she . the car chase continue . they way be litter with damage car , bust up shop window , scattered table , frighten tourist . the car almost hit a consierge ( 65 ) , who be feed a cat . consierge cicicicicici ! at a restaurant , a couple , GEORGE ( 60 ) and margaret ( 55 ) be have a romantic dinner . GEORGE oh , Margaret , this city be just so romantic ! margaret oh , George ! GEORGE I wish we could stay in Paris forever . margaret how about another bottle of wine ? GEORGE ( in french ) garcon , s’il vous plait ! ( waiter , please ! ) mimi and kowalski crash into the restaurant , but the couple do not pay attention . the car continue to chase each other . they enter a narrow street , where mimi push kowalski 's car on the wall . kowalski be struggle to keep the car in the right direction . mimi ( in a sarcastic tone ) impressive ! a young mother ( 25 ) be crossing the road with a cry baby . young mother ( to the baby in the carriage ) bidibidibidi ! they almost hit the mother with the baby in the carriage . a young man ( 19 ) stand beside a small truck with he phone in hand . young man Mom , I be old enough , I can take care of myself ... mimi 's car almost hit he but in the last moment he be push away . 0035 . ext. / int . - street and house of paris . FRANCE - evening —- continuous after a wild crash , they fall into a dance bar and continue they race on foot through the street and rooftop of Paris . mimi nearly make she escape with a elaborate somersault from one rooftop to another , but the chase continue until they end up on a boat over the seine , where kowalski entrap mimi with a anchor rope . mimi hang upside down while kowalski take out a pair of handcuffs . mike kowalski Mademoiselle ... you be send to steal the Regent diamond ! mimi not bad for a frenchman . mike kowalski I be not french . mimi ( in french ) visiblement . ( obviously . ) mike kowalski why the fan ? mimi because beauty should not be lock away . mimi whip out cleopatra 's fan . mike kowalski some beauty must be lock away . mimi well , then choose wisely , mon chéri ! she spread the fan open and all of a sudden toss it into the river . mike kowalski no , no , no , no , no ....! ( beat ) do not ! mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) damn ! kowalski jump over the railing straight into the river to save the fan . 0040 . ext . - hot AIR balloon . high up in the AIR . slovenia - day mimi be sit in a hot air balloon . the idyllic landscape of the Slovenian countryside can be see under she . she dial a number . CUT to : int . - the polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia - day - same time a secretary ( 35 ) at the polyart Clinic answer the phone . secretary polyart Clinic . May I help you ? intercut mimi / secretary mimi good afternoon , this be mimi . could I speak to Dr. brandt ? secretary mimi who ? mimi just mimi . CUT to : ext . - the polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia - day - continuous ruben brandt answer the call . ruben brandt hello ? ( beat ) yes ? intercut mimi / ruben brandt mimi I will be straightforward , doctor . I have a problem that 's get in the way of my work . ruben brandt narcolepsy ? tourette 's ? adhd ? mimi kleptomania . ruben brandt aha . so you be steal from you employer . mimi not quite . flashback to : 0050 . ext . - street of paris . FRANCE - evening mimi stand in front of a advertisement poster for the Louvre museum - " the french royal treasury - the regent diamond " - it say . she smile at the poster , like a cat would at the mouse it 's about to devour . CUT to : ext . - the louvre museum . paris . FRANCE - evening mimi 's shadow follow she as she be climb up the wall . she enter the museum through a ventilation window . int . - the louvre museum . paris . FRANCE - evening -— continuous mimi run through the Department of egyptian antiquity , when something catch she eye - the cleopatra fan . mimi hesitates . she look at the '' royal diamond exhibition '' sign and the cleopatra fan one more time . she break the glass vitrine , take the fan and jump out of the window just a moment before the last security bar fall down . she jump into a park convertible car and drive away . kowalski follow she . flashback end ext . - high up in the AIR . vipava valley . slovenia - day mimi be in the air balloon , on the phone with ruben . mimi so , hang around be not a option . ruben brandt ( v.0 . ) be you sure ? mimi ( in french ) absolument . ( absolutely . ) flashback to : 0055 . int . - the ritz HOTEL . paris . FRANCE - dawn mimi pack she stuff in a hurry . her phone ring . she find it under the psychology Journal with ruben brandt on the cover . she look at she phone . mimi ( annoyed ) oh , great . she answer the call , she voice turn sweet . mimi ( cont 'd ) ( to the phone ) hi , sweetie ! CUT to : int . — vincenzo 's BOX club . new york . the UNITED states — night vincenzo delangello ( angry ) cut the crap , huh ! where be my diamond ? intercut mimi / vincenzo delangello mimi last time I check , it be in the Louvre . vincenzo delangello well , the last time I check I be pay you cash for it , huh ? mimi something come up . vincenzo delangello a fan ? ( laugh ) mimi , I would not want to be in you shoe right now . vincenzo delangello ( 49 ) cut the conversation . flashback end 0060 . ext . - hot AIR balloon . high up in the AIR . slovenia - day mimi so , you see , I have to get better , and quick . I read in a magazine that you be the best shrink to treat artistic soul . CUT to : ext . —- the polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia - day - same time intercut mimi / ruben brandt ruben brandt I do not know about the best . mimi well , it be not a very good magazine . ruben brandt thanks for the vote of confidence . mimi receive a text message from '' vincenzo : '' I will find you ! mimi sigh . ruben brandt ( cont ’d ) hello ? you there ? mimi yeah , Doc . I will see you soon . she throw the phone out of the balloon . 0070 . ext . - the polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia - late afternoon idyllic landscape with a lake and tall mountain in the background . mimi be see in a car , drive towards the polyart Clinic . 0075 . ext . - the polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia - night - continuous a couple of people stand around a fire . behind they , there be a fold screen with a romantic paint forest on it . ruben stand in front bye - bye joe ( 30 ) , membrano bruno ( 33 ) and fernando ( 24 ) . he begin a art therapy session . bye - bye joe -.. I do not wanna be Little Red Riding Hood ! fernando come on ! it 's only a therapy . yesterday I be Little Red Riding Hood . ruben brandt thank you Fernando ! ( turn to bye - bye Joe ) bye - bye Joe , you be here because you can not keep quiet in delicate situation . play this role be exactly what you need . bye - bye joe ( sigh ) okay doc. I will do it . ruben brandt so , bye - bye Joe , you will be Little Red Riding Hood . membrano bruno , you will be the thunder , the wind and the wolf . Fernando , you will be the bell , granny and luke , the hunter . okay , now you know you role , so let 's start ! we can hear Little Red Riding Hood walk through the forest : squish - squish - squish ! bye - bye joe aha ... squish - squish - squish ! ruben brandt excellent . place everyone - and let 's start ! a dark and stormy night . a terrible wind roar . ruben point at membrano bruno . 10 . membrano bruno hoo0o00000 ... hoooo0co ... ruben brandt the bell of the nearby church ring ... he point at Fernando . fernando ding - do ! ruben brandt Little Red Riding Hood be walk through the forest ... it 's bye - bye Joe 's turn . bye - bye joe squish - squish - squish - squish ! ruben brandt somewhere in the distance , a wolf howl ... membrano bruno OocoC0000000000000000 ww ! ruben brandt while in a cottage at the edge of the forest , granny be asleep ... fernando hyrrrrrrr ..... haaaaa .... ruben brandt the same forest be also home to luke , the hunter ... fernando ( yodel ) ruben brandt Thunder rumble powerfully nearby ... membrano bruno ( he vibrate noisily use he two-dimensional body as a membrane ) khhhhhhhhooooooco00 ! ruben increase the tempo and bring the show to a auditory climax . 11 . 0080 . int. / ext . - cold war bar . WASHINGTON D.C. the UNITED states - evening a taxi arrive at the cold War bar . kris barutanski ( 45 ) leave the cab and walk towards the entrance . the door man mortimer ( 58 ) greet he . mortimer good evening , Mr. barutanski ! kris barutanski hi , mortimer ! the door open and kris barutanski walk in , head straight for the bar counter . he sit down next to he old acquaintance , JOHN cooper ( 75 ) , a retire CIA agent , who be watch the news . right next to he , a waiter ( 30 ) be collect glass , stand next to the busy bar . waiter ( to the bartender ) four kalashnikovs ! breaking news ii . «+. but Mike kowalski , a private detective from Washington DC , manage to save the priceless fan by leaping into the River seine , where the thief have throw it . at the news conference , the manage director of the Louvre Museum , admit that the incident reveal lapse in the security system . JOHN cooper I know that guy ! kowalski ... huh ... kris barutanski be he one of yours ? JOHN cooper Nah , he father , gerhard , use to work for the company . we work on subliminal programm together , which focus on experiment with 16 mm film . that be one hell of a project . good old fashioned rivalry with the Russians ... 0090 . int . - mike kowalski's apartment . WASHINGTON DC . the UNITED states - afternoon hockey ( a hamster ) merrily jog around he wheel . the wheel be link by cog and belt to a zoetrope , so that hockey can enjoy the screen of a film . 12 . kowalski watch the tv , mute . the tv show scene from the action tv - series larissa . at one point , larissa perform a acrobatic leap from a bridge onto a move truck . he take a sip from he whiskey . mike kowalski hey , wait a second ! ( kowalski rewind the footage ) I know it ! that 's exactly the same forward jump with a backward somersault . ( turn to hockey ) hockey , I run across a interesting girl . I have to get to know she . he grab he laptop from the desk and look up movie information on the internet . mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) no way , can not be she ... but there 's get to be ... bingo ! stunt double , mimi . so , you name be mimi . be you a member of the stuntmen 's Association ? ( he type on the keyboard , then turn to hockey ) it 's no good , hockey . mimi be not a joiner . the telephone ring . kowalski get up to answer it . he fix a oblique photo on the wall on he way . next to the photo , a collection of knife from famous movie can be see : first blood , knife in the Water etc . he answer the call . it 's he mother , eva kowalski ( 70 ) . mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) yes ? eva kowalski ( v.o. ) the same shirt again ! mike kowalski Mom ! eva kowalski ( v.o ) be it my fault ? do I raise you this way ? International broadcast , same shirt as in November ! mike kowalski you have the memory of a elephant . eva kowalski ( v.o ) do not humor I , young man ! 13 . mike kowalski hey mom , you want humor ? Father 's day be come up . Care to tell I something ? a mosquito start buzzing around he head . eva kowalski ( v.o. ) no . what be you get at ? mike kowalski my father 's identity ? eva kowalski ( v.o. ) not again ! we have already discuss this , I do not want to go ... mike kowalski we have not discuss anything , you just keep silent ! who be he , rasputin ? eva kowalski ( v.o. ) no . it 's not funny ! mike kowalski one suspect be out . 4 billion remain . eva kowalski ( v.o. ) Mike , this issue be close as far as I be concerned . sorry for pester you , but ... kowalski stare at the data on the laptop screen . the mosquito be still buzzing around he head . mike kowalski that 's okay , Mom . eva kowalski ( v.o. ) alright son . I will talk to you tomorrow . take care ! mike kowalski will do , mom . mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) Eva kowalski hang up . kowalski brushes aside the mosquito . it land on a glass pane above a collection of famous straight razor from movie . kowalski swiftly , but delicately hit the mosquito . only the ice cube in he whiskey ( shape like hitchcock 's body ) shake a little bit . 14 . mike kowalski ( cont 'd ) it be he fault , hockey . he draw first blood . 0100 . ext . - the polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia - morning ruben brandt show mimi around the polyart Clinic . they be walk outside in the garden , when they stop by bye - bye Joe , who be in the position of rodin 's '' the thinker . '' he do not move , he look like a statue . mimi not a very good forgery . bye - bye Joe do not stay in he position . bye - bye joe hey - I be not a forgery ! mimi ( flirt ) what be you then , darling ? flashback to : flashback - graphical collage - day / night different cover of magazine appear on the screen . all article deal with bye - bye Joe , who , as a security guard , can not keep he mouth shut . '' celebrity bodyguard bye - bye Joe apologize over speech scandal ! '' '' celebrity bodyguard bye - bye Joe scandal monologue at Chicago fashion couture week '' '' bbj : I need to shut up now ! '' flashback end bye - bye joe ( flirt ) I be the real thing , baby . ruben brandt step in the middle of the situation . ruben brandt ( scolding ) bye - bye Joe ! bye - bye joe I know , I know ... statues do not speak . 15 . bye - bye Joe be back to the original position of the thinker . mimi ( sarcastic ) impressive , doctor . ruben do not get the sarcastic tone . membrano bruno carve a sculpture , Fernando play a strange indian instrument . ruben brandt Art be the key to the trouble of the mind . ruben brandt ( cont ’d ) membrano bruno be two -dimensional , but he eat too much , which be get in the way of he banking business . flashback to : int . - bank - night membrano bruno try to slip under a door , but he be too wide to fit . membrano bruno too many sausage ! flashback end ext . - the polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia —- morning ruben brandt too many sausage ... ruben brandt ( cont ’d ) he 's try to carve he craving for food into stone to contain it . mimi '' possess you problem to conquer they . '' ruben brandt ( surprised ) hm , exactly ! mimi I read it in a magazine . Fernando walk towards mimi and ruben . he obsessively play a three - note melody . 16 . ruben brandt Fernando be deal with he particular obsession by create variation on a three - note melody . mimi what 's he obsession ? ruben brandt the signature he leave after each successful security breach . flashback to : ext . — park - night Fernando sit on a bench with a girl while he be type on a laptop . the electricity suddenly shut down in a neighborhood , and three eye appear on the facade of a bank . the siren of a approach police car get stronger and stronger . Fernando shut he laptop down in panic . flashback end ext . the polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia - morning mimi so , what about I , doc? ( imitate with she hand ) ventriloquism ? ruben show mimi to a easel with a blank canvas . ruben brandt you compulsion to steal come from a deeper need . you be miss something in you life . ( beat ) I want you to paint it . mimi how can I paint it if I do not know what it be ? ruben brandt trust in the brush . it will reveal all . mimi if you say so ... 17. 0110 . int . - ruben brandt 's cabinet . the polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia —- day ruben enter he cabinet with the mail and a Art Magazine in he hand . he put the magazine on the desk next to he voice recorder , while he read a letter . suddenly , he hear a female voice from he desk . it 's edouard maneta olympia ( 30 ) . olympia come closer , ruben ! olympia ( cont ’d ) come closer ! ruben slowly approach the magazine . olympia 's face suddenly jump out from the cover of the Art Magazine . olympia ( cont ’d ) if I frighten you forgive I ! and come to Paris to see I sometime . ruben brandt try to pick up the voice recorder but he be too shocked . he throw the recorder to the floor and leave the cabinet . meanwhile , mimi stand behind the wall of the terrace and watch the whole scene . 0120 . ext . airport . paris . FRANCE - day the wheel of a airplane land on a runway . CUT to : int . - musee d'orsay . paris . FRANCE - day ruben brandt enter the hall where the painting of edouard manet be exhibit . ruben slowly approach olympia . she look he straight in the eye . olympia I have be wait for you , ruben ! olympia scream and suddenly swing she leave leg , and she high -heeled slipper fly off . the heel of the shoe stick into ruben 's chest like a knife . the cat leap at he face , sink its claw into it . ruben scream as he try to remove the cat from he face . he fall on the floor and lose consciousness . 18 . 0130 . int . - practice of professor walden . walden soul spa . vipava valley . slovenia - day ruben be on a therapy session at professor walden 's ( 60 ) room . he watch the lake from the inside , lie on a recliner . his face be full of scratch , he arm be cover with purple and blue mark and bruise . professor walden ruben , you say that everything start after you father 's funeral , a month ago . ruben close he eye . flashback to : 0140 . ext . - cemetery - day ruben stand next to he father 's coffin with a priest ( 50 ) and he father 's close relative and friend . John Cooper be among they too . priest ... body to the ground ... Earth to earth ... ash to ash and dust to dust ... 0145 . ext. / int , - gerhard brandt 's house . WASHINGTON DC . - day -— continuous ruben leave he car in front of he father 's house and walk inside . ruben brandt ( v.o. ) I go back to he house . I have not be to he lab in year . all my childhood memory suddenly hit I . when ruben enter the film lab , he see himself as a child , sit by a film projector . young ruben ( 5 ) be with he father , gerhard brandt ( 40 ) . young ruben daddy , can I go outside and play with the snail ? gerhard brandt no , ruben . maybe later . this time be we cartoon time . young ruben ( sobbing ) but daddy , please ! 19 . gerhard brandt ruben , man do not cry ! the past disappear . ruben brandt approach the projector and hit play . flashback end 0150 . int . - practice of professor walden . walden soul spa . vipava valley . slovenia - day ruben brandt it be rusalocka . my favorite cartoon . professor walden ah , the Little mermaid . ruben brandt but for some reason I could not watch it . I feel anxious and I have to escape . professor walden remember the Sea witch ? do you think she have any connection to you next visit , to botticelli 's venus ? ruben brandt I do not want to talk about that . professor walden ( angry ) ruben , look at I ! if you do not let I help you , you be go to kill yourself ! or someone else ... flashback to : 0160 . int . - the uffizi gallery . florence . italy - day ruben brandt ( v.o. ) when I enter the room , she be already wait for I ... at first , the scene be almost idyllic . the painting come to life , venus caress ruben with she hair , but suddenly , the scene turn into a nightmare as the hair turn into tentacles of a octopus , drag ruben underwater , try to drow and devour he . he stab the octopus 's eye with he finger . ruben barely make he escape . flashback end 20 . 0170 . ext . - restaurant . the polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia - evening mimi , bye - bye Joe , Fernando and membrano bruno enjoy dinner at a restaurant by the lake . ruben 's recorder be on the table . fernando -.. and I bet Doc 's voice recorder belong to sigmund Freud ! the guy laugh , mimi just smile . mimi get serious , guy ! do not you want to help he ? bye - bye joe but what can we do about it ? membrano bruno I feel like you already have a plan . mimi yes . as a matter of fact , I do . and it involve all of you . bye - bye joe but there 's only one thing that we be any good at . mimi exactly ! fernando Doc be a tipo simpatico . but what 's in it for we ? mimi do not you want to know if you therapy be work ? membrano bruno let 's check it out ! they clink they glass . 0180 . ext . - river seine . paris . FRANCE - afternoon mimi , Fernando , bye - bye Joe and membrano bruno be on a boat on the river seine in Paris . fernando guy ... cameras and alarm system be prepped . 21 . bye - bye joe ( high five each other ) great stuff , Fernando , I be impressed ! bye - bye Joe shake a bronze spray bottle . mimi do not forget , Joe ! statues do not speak . bye - bye joe ( murmure ) yeah , yeah ... I get it . statues do not speak , thanks ... CUT to : ext . - musee d'orsay . paris . FRANCE - late afternoon bye - bye Joe and membrano bruno stand in front of musée d' orsay . they move towards entrance " a . " bye - bye joe and you mother be ... normal ? membrano bruno what do you mean normal ? bye - bye joe well , I - I mean , be she three - dimensional ? bye - bye Joe and membrano bruno approach the counter . membrano bruno yeah , she be three - dimensional . ( to the cashier , form a '' v " with he finger ) deux billet , s'il vous plait . ( two ticket , please . ) the cashier ( 45 ) lift she hand and form a '' V " with she finger as well . cashier deux ? ( two ? ) membrano bruno ( again make a '' V " ) deux . ( two . ) cashier oui , monsieur . ( okay , sir. ) 22 . bye - bye joe you french be really good . be you mother french ? membrano bruno look at he . 0185 . int . - musee d'orsay . paris . FRANCE . - early evening bye - bye Joe enter the toilet , take off he clothes and cover himself with bronze paint . a minute later bye - bye Joe freeze himself at the exhibition hall in the pose of rodin 's " the thinker " . CUT to : Visitors be walk in the hall . George and Margaret be among they . they look at bye - bye Joe . margaret oh George , he do not really look like he 's think that hard . GEORGE Nah ... margaret I reckon you look smarter than that . GEORGE I look smarter than that when I look in the mirror in the morning ! GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I mean he 's all muscle , no brain ... so overrate , this statue .! come on , let 's get the hell out of here ! bye - bye Joe do not move , but whisper . bye - bye joe ( murmure ) mmmm ... all fat , no brain . Margaret turn back . for a second , she think she have hear something . CUT to : membrano bruno hide behind a painting . the speaker ( 38 ) warn the visitor to leave the building , because the museum close soon . 23 . speaker dear Visitors , in 10 minute musée d' orsay will be close . we hope you enjoy you visit . please be so kind as to go to the nearest exit . speaker ( cont 'd ) ( in french ) maintenant ! ( right now ! ) the museum close , the light go off . membrano come out from behind a painting and walk to bye - bye Joe . bye - bye Joe get off the pedestal as membrano hand he the clothes . they walk towards manet 's olympia . bye - bye joe listen man ... I have be think . if you mother be three - dimensional , then what be you father like ? membrano bruno he be a one- dimensional guy . bye - bye joe what ? he 's ... a dot ? they cut the painting out of the frame . membrano bruno what be you talk about , bye - bye Joe ? he be not a dot , he be a line ! he be a tall guy . bye - bye Joe roll up the canvas . bye - bye joe whoa ... I would not mind she in my dream ! CUT to : ext . — musee d'orsay . paris . FRANCE - evening Fernando and mimi be in front of musée d' orsay . Fernando watch membrano bruno and bye - bye Joe through the security camera , while a painter paint a portrait of mimi . bye - bye Joe and membrano walk out of the museum with the canvas . Fernando leave he light signature of 3 eye on the wall of the museum . 24 . 0190 . int . - cold war bar . WASHINGTON DC . the UNITED states -— night John Cooper and kris barutanski watch the news in the cold War bar . breaking news III . break News ! Paris , musée d' orsay : the famous masterpiece olympia by edouard manet have be steal . french authority be still unsure how the burglar enter the museum or how they disabled the security camera . the museum have offer a 100 thousand euro reward for information lead to the apprehension of the robber . kris barutanski take he special trident - knife out from he pocket and cut a new cigar . kris barutanski huh ... JOHN cooper a long time ago gerhard tell I that napoleon III the moment he see the painting , personally cut up olympia with he sabre . kris barutanski but I be sure he take care not to harm the cat .. they both laugh . 0200 . int . - mike kowalski 's apartment . WASHINGTON DC . the UNITED states - morning kowalski arrive home when he phone ring . marina ( into the phone ) ciao Mike ! CUT to : int . - viareggio circus . rome . italy - late afternoon marina pass by practice performer in viareggio Circus . intercut marina / mike kowalski mike kowalski ciao marina ! what do you have for I ? 25 . marina you mystery woman , mimi ... kowalski be all ear . marina ( cont 'd ) she work for three year at the viareggio Circus in roma . acrobat , the best around . they keep she on even though she be a kleptomaniac . mike kowalski ( think ) kleptomaniac ? that 's why she take the fan ! marina and she leave a year ago . mike kowalski to put she illness to better use . marina I be send you a copy of she poster . mike kowalski thank you , marina . great job . marina I know . you owe I some serious dinner . mike kowalski and dessert . marina such a lady 's man . she hang up . mike kowalski so that 's mimi ! kowalski look at the photo marina send he on the phone . he zoom in the picture and recognize mimi 's face . he take a long look at it , then strike the screen of the phone , like he be caress mimi . he suddenly receive a text message from christophe boulve : '' we need you help to find the olympia . come to Paris asap . '' 0210 . int . - musee d'orsay . paris . FRANCE - day Mike kowalski talk to francois ( 40 ) , the museum 's head of security . 26 . mike kowalski and you go over last night 's security tape , I presume ? francois oui , the camera be freeze . mike kowalski merci , francois ! I would like to see the archive tape one month back ! CUT to : int . - musee d'orsay . paris . FRANCE - day kowalski fast - forward through the tape ; visitor come and go . suddenly , the recording show a person jump back and forth , wave he arm . kowalski rewind the video and run it at normal speed . mike kowalski whoa , what 's he do ? now we can clearly see a group of tourist . one of they scratch he own face . mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) oh , he be bleed . hm ... performance art ? 0220 . int . - the polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia - morning see on the screen : I fear that my auditory , visual and tactile hallucination may be the early sign of acute schizophrenia . ruben brandt lay on a chair , type on he laptop . his face be full of scratch , he arm be cover with purple and blue mark and bruise . mimi , membrano , bye - bye Joe and Fernando knock on ruben 's door . ruben brandt not now ! I be busy ! mimi enter the room , the other stay at the door . ruben brandt ( cont ’d ) not now ! mimi Close you eye , Doc ! we have get a surprise for you . ruben just stare at she . 27 . ruben brandt mimi ... mimi please ! ruben take a deep breath and close he eye . mimi ( cont 'd ) bye - bye Joe , give I a hand ! off camera : mimi and bye - bye Joe roll out the painting from the canvas . on camera : ruben open he eye . a drop of sweat begin to pour down he face . ruben brandt wow , nice painting . he slowly get up and walk toward the painting . the whole gang be inside . everyone laugh with relief . mimi ha-ha ! see , Doc ? possess you problem to conquer they . 0230 . nightmare - int . - ruben brandt 's cabinet - early morning ruben be read a book when the doorbell ring . ruben get up and open the door . a postman ( 40 ) be stand outside . postman ( in german ) gute morgen ! ein moment , bitte ! ( good Morning ! one moment , please ! ) the postman open he mouth , and a huge sheet of identical postage stamp start to emerge from he mouth . ruben 's face be on the stamp . ruben brandt I ... use this moist stamp , the postman wrap up ruben 's body . he use a marker to write the address on he face . postman sh! 28 . the postman lift ruben up and throw he over he shoulder . postman ( cont ’d ) ( in german ) hoppla ! wir leben ! ( hoppla , we be alive ! ) he skillfully throw ruben into the mail van , shutting the door behind he . the ride be wild , and ruben 's body flung leave and right . the van finally stop , and reverse into place . the door open , and two man in jumpsuit drag ruben out , throw he onto a treadmill and take the suitcase on the plane . CUT to : nightmare - int . plane - early morning a suitcase be throw next to ruben . its label swing steadily , slowly hypnotize he . 0240 . nightmare - int . / ext . - stadium - noon the next minute he dream of climb the step of a huge temple . at the entrance , two stone atlase hold a even bigger stone globe with the constellation draw on they . ruben be smaller than the they smallest toe , and need time to pass by they huge foot and enter a marble hall . the stand be full , and ruben be surprised that several hundred thousand people sit there in complete silence , all watch he . suddenly , far away , he notice a raven-haire young man in a red shirt . the young man stand with he foot apart with hand down , look straight at ruben as he approach . ruben be confuse , he do not understand what 's go on . he can make out a cowboy belt on the young man ( Andy Warhol 's elvis I and ii ( 25 ) ) , with a holster gun . ruben stop . double elvis oh , you be just in time , ruben ! like thunder strike through the open in the marble roof , the chant of a hundred thousand people echoe . spectator gun fight ! gun fight ! gun fight ! ruben be confuse , he eyesight go blurry , and it seem to he as if the young man have just double . double elvis what be you wait for ? draw ! 29 . ruben brandt draw what ? I do not have a gun . double elvis ( smile ) oh , but you do ... and not only one . ruben brandt look down and see that he 's carry a belt with two holster , gun handle stick out of they . ruben brandt but ... again , a sound like thunder strike through the marble roof . spectator ( shouting ) draw ! gun fight ! gun fight ! gun fight ! the entire hall spin around ruben 's head . now he see the double figure man as three figure in a red shirt . a moment later , eight identical young man stand in front of ruben , then eleven . he draw the right -hand gun , but can feel bullet from eleven gun slamm into he flash . ruben brandt ( shouting ) nooooo ... 0250 . nightmare - int . / ext . - plane - day suddenly , he realize that someone be poke he . ruben wake up and open he eye . above he stand a strange bearded postman ( Van gogh 's portrait of the postman Joseph roulin ) ( 47 ) in a ancient uniform , as if he just stumble there from the 19th century . van gogh 's postman wake up , wake up , monsieur brandt ! it seem like you have a nightmare ! ruben brandt where be we ? van gogh 's postman in a airplane , monsieur brandt . ( indicate the address on ruben 's face ) we be fly to arle . that 's where you have be send . he take out a pocket watch and open the lid . he 's whistling the nursery rhyme sur le pont d' Avignon . he close the lid and put the watch back to he pocket . van gogh 's postman ( cont ’d ) it 's time ! we be over arle now . 30 . he get up and open the door of the airplane . the postman have to shout to overcome the horrible noise of the wind . ruben brandt ( shouting ) hey ! what be you do ? the postman smile , lift ruben in the air , throw he over he own shoulder and move towards the door . van gogh 's postman do not be afraid , monsieur brandt ! you have be send to my address . ruben brandt ( horrify ) be you crazy ? put I down ! van gogh 's postman this be the rule : if the address be legible , the parcel must be deliver , monsieur brandt ! with ruben on he shoulder , he leap into the abyss . ruben brandt ( shout ) noooococo ! 0260 . int .- ruben brandt 's cabinet . the polyart clinic . dornberk . slovenia —- morning ruben wake up on the floor of he cabinet , he foot trap in the arm of he jacket . his scratch and bruise be still visible . he untangle himself and go out to the terrace . he see mimi . mimi sit in a lotus position in the garden of the clinic . he start walk towards she , while she be finish she yoga session . she notice ruben and already know something be wrong . mimi what happen , Doc ? you look like a man who want something . ruben brandt Van gogh 's postman and Warhol 's double elvis . mimi both ? ruben brandt no . I need all 13 painting that be torment I . ( more ) 31 . ruben brandt ( cont 'd ) if you be willing to help , we should all move to my villa on the island of bisevo . mimi do not get it . ruben brandt ( cont ’d ) it 's in the Adriatic . the airport in Rome be not far away . mimi sure , doc. let 's have a party . 0270 . montage - ext. / int . - various - day / night membrano bruno , bye - bye Joe , Fernando , mimi and ruben be on a mission to collect all the painting that haunt ruben . they enter the hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg . Fernando freeze the cctv , while bye - bye Joe distract the exhibition room guard . after a successful mission they put gaugin 's painting on the wall in bisevo , right next to manet 's olympia . afterwards they steal Picasso 's woman with a book from niterd6i contemporary Art Museum in Rio de Janeiro . the gang be on the board of a plane , travel back to bisevo . flight attendant ( with a strong french accent ) peanut or le bonbon ? membrano bruno both , my dear ! they enter a private collection in New York . chain smoker sooner or later , everyone stop ( cough ) smoking ! the gang steal the treachery of image by rené magritte . the next stop be Florence to get venus of urbino by titian . bye - bye joe ( light the painting with a pocket lamp ) wow , nice body ! they cut it from its frame . the gang and ruben be in Zurich . while walk , they pass by cabaret voltaire and the house where once lenin live . 32 . bye - bye joe ( cont 'd ) hey , look ! I do not know lenin be the fiihrer ! I think it be the other guy ! a worker stand in a printing house and hold a issue of the Sun . the cover say '' collector strike again '' . as last , they steal veldzquez 's infanta margarita from the Fine Arts Museum in budapest . after hang the painting in bisevo , they all sit around the table , have fun . fernando ++. and he say : I do not wanna be Little Red Riding Hood ! they all laugh . 0280 . int . - homestead in vojvodina . serbia - day the housewife , aranka ( 68 ) spread a dough with a roll pin , while frici ( 70 ) the man of the house be sip some wine . they granddaughter ( 14 ) stand right next to they . the television be on . breaking news iv . we top story tonight : the so - call collector strike again . after Paris , budapest , Rio , Florence , St. Petersburg and sidney , the serial art robber have hit New York 's guggenheim Museum ... at present , the estimate value of steal masterpiece have reach two billion dollar ! 0290 . int . - vincenzo 's office . new york . the UNITED states -— day vincenzo delangello watch the television with he three mafiosos : malaparte ( 30 ) , giuseppe ( 28 ) and fortunato ( 24 ) . breaking news iv . the Chicago - base Union cartel insurance company have raise the reward for capture the so-called collector to 20 million dollar ! vincenzo delangello porca miseria ! 20 million ! huh ! for that kind of money , we have to screw around with drug and the police for two year . ah well , it 's my fault . ( more ) 33 . vincenzo delangello ( cont 'd ) I simply never think you could live off art . my grandpa use to say : vincenzo , stick to drug and prostitution , you know , a man can make a honest live there . huh ! ah- ah ! no more ! we should enter this fuck field of art ! awareness ad in the tv domestic violence in Hollywood film make between 1930 's and the mid-eighty be usually display as a show of masculinity , or even romanticize . well know example of such film be " my baby Left I , " " kiss I gently , " " the barber of blitvia , " '' hairdresser in my bathroom '' and the '' granadian cat '' from 1929 . vincenzo delangello ah , we need more information . giuseppe , call boris ! 0300 . int . - cold war bar . WASHINGTON DC . the UNITED states -— evening boris ( 40 ) be on the phone at the cold War bar . boris ( talk to the phone ) yes , of course giuseppe , I 'il do my best . but you know my price ... 0310 . ext . - ruben brandt 's villa . the island of bisevo . croatia — day idyllic sea landscape . mimi , Fernando , bye - bye Joe and membrano attend a group therapy with ruben next to the villa on the island of bisevo . mimi paint a bird . mimi ( turn to ruben ) ha-ha ! come on , Doc ! you be exaggerate ! ruben brandt no , mimi ! I be serious . you be get closer every day ! mimi ( smile ) I feel it too . 34 . mimi ( cont 'd ) so , Doc . what 's the next job ? ruben brandt the uffizi , Florence . CUT to : 0320 . ext . - street of florence . florence . italy - afternoon the gang look over Florence from the top of a hill . breaking news . tv screen - evening breaking news V. ( in english ) break News ! a few minute after midnight , thousand of tourist on the street of Florence , Italy , notice strange strobe light come from the uffizi Gallery . CUT to : breaking news VI . ( in blitvanski ) «+. da police intrate di galeta da ufici etrovate njente di famote botticelli venusa solo di fremate . ( ... make the police enter the building immediately , just to discover the empty frame of botticelli 's venus . ) CUT to : ext . - piazza della signoria . florence . italy - day marina and Mike kowalski , follow by two dalmatian , walk through piazza della signoria . Mike show a cctv footage to marina . mike kowalski someone erase last night 's security footage from the uffizi . however , I check through the archive ... and look ! ( he play the footage ) remember the guy who go crazy in front of olympia ? marina recognize the guy on the surveillance footage . 35 . marina the performance artist ? mike kowalski one and the same ! ext . - LA piovra trattoria . florence . italy - continuous they arrive at La piovra trattoria . marina angelo , diavolo ! sit ! marina ( cont 'd ) so , if you slow down the strobe light from the uffizi , it repeat a message in morse code . mike kowalski hm . marina ( point at she eye ) Eye , eye , eye . mike kowalski uhum ! like the 3 eye on the musée d' orsay ! 0330 . ext. / int . - street of chicago . the UNITED states - day ruben be walk down the street of Chicago . he suddenly stop in front of a bar because he see a snail on the shoulder of a man sit inside . his eye be fix on the man in the hat , who turn he back on he . the man suddenly turn around and ruben realize that he face be cover with white cotton gauze . the faceless man ( 35 ) start fire at ruben . the window of the bar shatter . the man leap out through the break glass and start to chase ruben . ruben be run towards a empty tram that seem to be wait for he . with he last ounce of strength , ruben manage to jump through the rear tram door . the faceless man run at full speed , but the door suddenly close right in front of he . ruben can see the thick glass stain red from the impact . the tram get go and the faceless man fall to the pavement . tram announcer ( in italian ) Il proseguimento per catania 6 in arrivo sul primo binario . ( more ) 36 . tram announcer ( cont 'd ) locale per catania 6 in arrivo sul primo binario . ( the connection to catania be arrive on platform 1 . the local train to catania be arrive on platform 1 . ) ruben sigh with relief . the tram accelerate . suddenly , the faceless man grab ruben from behind and hold a gun to ruben 's throat . 0340 . ext . - ruben brandt 's villa . the island of bisevo . croatia — day ruben wake up in panic , breathe heavily . he lie by the swim pool . a bottle be press against he neck . he be surround by the rest of the gang who be enjoy themselves . mimi look at ruben and see that something be wrong . mimi Doc ? who attack you ? the other gather around ruben . ruben brandt the guy from Hopper 's nighthawks . mimi well , let 's go to Chicago ! 0350 . ext . - union cartel hq . hancock CENTER . chicago . the UNITED states - day boris wash a huge glass window on the Union cartel hq on a high floor . boris ( sing in Russian ) poust vzegda boudyit solnse , poust vzegda boudyit nieba , poust vzegda boudyit mama , poust vzegda boudou ya ! ( May there always be sunshine , May there always be blue sky , May there always be mommy , May there always be I ! ) through the clean section , he see a long table in the hall of the Union cartel hq , where the board of director sit with Mike kowalski . boris ( cont 'd ) opa ! kowalski be already speak ! 37 . he remove a small device from he pocket : a round membrane which he stick to the clean glass . he continue to clean . CUT to : int . — union cartel hq . hancock CENTER . chicago . the UNITED states - day the president of the cartel , garret graham ( 70 ) , be sit at the head of the table . mike kowalski if we do not crack this case soon , we will never see that painting again . garret graham be this why we be pay you so much ? mike kowalski with all due respect , Mr. Graham , we be deal with a collector here and not a serial thief . he be take painting which could not be sell . not even on the black market . garret graham Mr. kowalski , I have be in this business for 45 year and I can tell you that in 6 month someone will put olympia up for sale in South blitvia . mike kowalski no. someone be building a collection . as a collector myself , I understand how they think . once the collection be complete , he or she will stop . garret graham you follow you instinct and we will follow we experience . we be raise the reward to a 100 million dollar ! CUT to : ext . - union cartel hq . hancock CENTER . chicago . the UNITED states - day boris can not believe he ear . 38 . boris chort poberi , a 100 million ! I must call vincenzo ! 0360 . int . - o'hare INTERNATIONAL airport . chicago . the UNITED states - day - continuous airport announcer I . this be the final board call , flight 87b to Rome , gate four ! please proceed to gate four immediately . Mike kowalski sit by the glass window of the bar . he enjoy a glass of whiskey and watch the passenger walk through the hallway . suddenly , he notice mimi in the company of a couple of people . she wink at he . kowalski get up and run out of the bar to catch she , but mimi and she companion be already go . mimi carry a tube with Hopper 's canvas . on they way she notice poster tube in a basket outside a shop . she steal a yellow one and give the tube with Hopper 's painting to bye - bye Joe . mimi ( point he towards a fedex shop ) bye - bye Joe , send it to Hotel Bellevue ! bye - bye joe aha ! kowalski run back and forth , but fail to locate she . mimi and the gang take the escalator to the ground floor . mimi ( turn to ruben ) ruben , kowalski recognize I , you can not come to Rome with we ! meanwhile , kowalski see a break news coverage on a big screen at the hall . Hopper 's nighthawks have be steal . suddenly , he notice mimi , already outside , on the step of a plane . mimi wave at he with a yellow tube . kowalski whip out he phone . CUT to : int . —- marina ’'s apartment . rome . italy - night marina lay on the couch in she luxurious apartment . her two dalmatian be around she . 39 . intercut mike kowalski / marina 0370 . mike kowalski ciao marina , do you hear ? marina yes , I do . Hopper ! mike kowalski we can get the painting now . listen , tomorrow morning flight 87b from Chicago will be landing in Rome , 7:15 you time . the picture be in a yellow tube with mimi . marina ( suprise ) we mimi ? be she the collector ? mike kowalski she 's connect . and she 's not alone . marina okay , Mike . i’1l organize a welcome party ! - fiumicino airport . rome . italy .- morning passenger from the flight from Chicago be come out from the airport . mimi with the tube in she hand , bye - bye Joe , membrano bruno and Fernando be among they . they walk towards the exit . marina be hide behind a pillar and watch they . marina ( in italian ) sono quattro . La donna ha il rotolo . ( there 's four of they . the woman have the tube . ) airport announcer ii . good afternoon passenger . this be the pre-board announcement for flight 25b to budapest ... suddenly , a dozen commando leap from the top floor onto mimi and the gang . the commando be roughly push they up against the wall . the chief of police ( 50 ) be amongst they . chief of police ( in italian ) un passo indietro ! ( step back ! ) 40 . 0380 . int . - vincenzo's office . new york . the UNITED states -— night see on the tv : the cobra commandos take the tube from mimi . the press surround the commando and the gang by the wall , flash they camera . news correspondent at this very moment , they be open the tube contain the steal Hopper , the nighthawks . chief of police ( in italian ) tenente , fammi vedere il quadro ! ( Lieutenant , let I see the painting ! ) news correspondent this be clearly the end of the collector 's short - live career . vincenzo and the three mafiosos be watch the news . it seem that the cobra commandos catch the collector . vincenzo be angry that they do not know about this . vincenzo delangello ( as he sweep thing from he desk ) damn ! what do we pay boris for ? the lieutenant roll out the painting which contain a poster of a cat and a mouse . suddenly , everyone burst out laugh . vincenzo be relieved . stupid police . vincenzo delangello ( cont 'd ) ha-ha-ha ! news correspondent what a epic failure for the Roman Police Department ! suddenly , giuseppe recognize the woman on the news . giuseppe b-b-b-boss , look ! vicenzo delangello porca puttana ! that 's mimi ! mimi pose with the poster for the press . 4l . news correspondent instead of reclaim a famous painting , they get a cat and mouse poster ! CUT to : int . —- mike kowalski 's apartment . WASHINGTON DC . the UNITED states - night - same time kowalski watch the same break News segment from the Roman airport . on the screen , mimi be pose with the poster . mike kowalski alright , mimi ! 2:0 for you ! 0410 . interior . cold war bar . WASHINGTON DC . the UNITED states - evening John Cooper enter the cold War bar and he head for he usual table . kris barutanski be already there . boris be sit at a table nearby . kris barutanski Long time no see , Cooper ! JOHN cooper I need some solitude . take my yearly trip to the mountain . sometimes , I wonder why I come back at all . kris barutanski ha-ha . for the booze ? Cooper nod . JOHN cooper yeah . reasonable assumption . boris adjust the volume of the tv in the background . Cooper and barutanski turn they head in the same direction . breaking news VIII . who be the mysterious collector ? let 's review now the entire catalogue of steal masterpiece . kris barutanski ( get up ) ah , can not listen to this shit anymore . enjoy catch up , Cooper . barutanski leave . Cooper still watch the news . 42 . breaking news VIII . Hopper , botticelli , velazquez , magritte , Picasso , gauguin , manet ... a silent series of flash about the heist play . Cooper 's eye be wide from excitement . JOHN cooper ( to himself ) aha ! he dial a number . meanwhile , barutanski pass by a waitress and take two drink from she without even ask . kris barutanski ( ironically ) keep the change , darling ! waitress ( ironically ) oh ! thanks , kris ! generous , as always ! barutanski laugh . when he get back , Cooper be already on the phone . Cooper do not notice , but barutanski be behind he , eavesdropp on the conversation . JOHN cooper ( keep he voice low ) I know who the collector be . I will tell you the detail in person . CUT to : int . - mike kowalski 's apartment . WASHINGTON DC . the UNITED states - evening Mike kowalski be amaze , he can not even react . intercut JOHN cooper / mike kowalski JOHN cooper so please , meet I . this evening , my place , at 7:30 . 124 Penn Street South East . mike kowalski okay Mr. Cooper . see you soon ! CUT to : 43 . int . - marina 's office . rome . italy - night marina pick up the phone in the office . marina hey , Mike ! intercut mike kowalski / marina mike kowalski ciao marina ! could you look up a name for I please ? John Cooper , 124 Penn Street , South east. Washington DC . CUT to : int . cold war bar . WASHINGTON DC . the UNITED states - evening John Cooper be about to leave . kris barutanski ( hold two drink ) wait , Cooper . what about we drink ? JOHN cooper gotta hurry . kris barutanski yeah , I overhear you ! come on ! wo not you help out a old friend ? JOHN cooper acquaintance . kris barutanski look , you do not want to do this alone , huh ? we ’1ll split the money . fifty-fifty . just tell I who the collector be ! JOHN cooper that 's ... it 's not he fault . I would never betray my friend . kris barutanski Friends ? JOHN cooper now , if you 'il excuse I . Cooper get up and leave barutanski . 44 , 0420 . ext. / int . JOHN cooper' house , WASHINGTON D.C. the UNITED states —- evening kowalski step out of the car and approach the house . on the small porch table he notice a ashtray with a light cigarette . he ring the doorbell , but no one answer . when he try to knock on the door , he see that it be open . mike kowalski Mr. Cooper ! Mr. Cooper ! mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) Mr. Cooper ? kowalski slowly enter the kitchen . he be startle by the sudden whistle of steam from the coffee maker , and step on a pair of large black glass . then he notice a pool of blood spread across the floor behind the table . he whip he gun out . he find Cooper , tie to a overturn chair , with a stab chest . kowalski check Cooper 's pulse . he be dead . he go through the house , room by room , until he arrive to the home office . he look around , when suddenly a cat appear on the window sill . the cat jump on a bookshelf . kowalski go closer to take a look at the book . mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) yesterday 's spy , perfect spy , a american spy ... ( go through the book ) enjoy Art ! he open the book - it be full of well - know painting . he find a dedication : to my friend and colleague , to commemorate we successful work together , with love , gerhard brandt . he call marina . CUT to : int . marina 's apartment . rome . italy - morning marina be read a book by a ancient Roman swim pool when she phone ring . she answer . intercut marina / mike kowalski marina hey , Mike ! mike kowalski ciao , marina ! can you look up another name for I , please -— gerhard brandt , b- r-a-n-d - T , former CIA agent ? 45 . marina just a second , Mike . ( she type on the keyboard ) hello , you there ? mike kowalski of course ! marina okay , gerhard brandt , bear in Berlin 1938 , grow up in East Berlin . former stasi colonel , expert in psychotechnics . mike kowalski psychotechnics ? marina practical application of psychology . mike kowalski like political propaganda ? marina smart boy . with help from the CIA , in 1967 he move with he wife helga and two - year old son ruben to Washington d.c . mike kowalski what do he do for the CIA ? marina experiment with subliminal perception for the special activity division , where John Cooper work too . his wife die in a car accident in 1975 . and ... here , a obituary : he die of a heart attack one month ago . mike kowalski last know address ? marina 842 bladensburg Road . mike kowalski thanks . call the cop to Cooper 's house . marina okay . what 's the crime ? mike kowalski murder . 46 . kowalski leave the room . barutanski climb down from a cupboard above the door . 0430 . exterior . street of WASHINGTON . WASHINGTON DC . - night kowalski get into he car while boris be watch he from behind . boris ( in Russian ) tak , nu chto , kovalskiy , poehali ! ( what 's up , kowalski ? we be go ! ) barutanski get in he car and follow kowalski . boris be after both of they . barutanski look in to rear window and see boris , so he decide to take a short cut . kris barutanski huh ? kris barutanski ( cont ’d ) ah , so you wanna play ... boris try to catch up with he , but after a sharp turn he crash into a pylon . barutanski speed up on the road in the opposite direction . kris barutanski ( cont ’d ) bring it on ! ha-ha-ha-ha ! come on ! when kowalski arrive to gerhard brandt 's house , barutanski 's car be already park in the shadow . 0440 . interior . the home of gerhard brandt . WASHINGTON DC . the UNITED states . - night kowalski go up to the entrance of gerhard brandt 's house . he pause for a second and see that a cat be stare at he from the distance . he break the lock and enter the hallway illuminate by streetlight . the wall be cover with several poster from different neuroscience congress . he follow the poster that lead he downstairs to the cellar . he enter gerhard 's lab . a 16 mm siemen projector be on the desk . he press play and it start screen a animated cartoon for kid . animated cartoon crowd gun fight , gun fight , gun fight ! 47 . animated cartoon I . I do not want a gun fight , Tom be my friend ! he stop the projector . mike kowalski hey , hey , hey ! he continue to roll the tape manually . mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) Andy Warhol 's elvis ? animated cartoon ii . John , it 's just a game . he roll out the film and start check the frame one by one under the light of the street lamp . he run through the image of the roll - but there be one different image come after the 24th one . mike kowalski double elvis among this kid . kid , kid , kid , kid ... ( beat ) double elvis again . ( beat ) 1,2,3 ... 4,5,6 ... 23,24,25 ! elvis again ! he go to the box full of movie footage and take out another one . he roll out the film and hold the frame into the light . mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) the Sea witch from the Little mermaid ! Sea witch , Sea witch , Sea witch , Sea witch ... mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) botticelli 's venus ? he count the frame . mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) 1,2,3,4 ... 23,24,25 ! botticelli again ! kowalski take another film . mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) bremen town musician ! mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) cat , cat , cat ... and the olympia ! kowalski 's phone vibrate . he answer it . 48 . mike kowalski ( cont ’d ) marina , you will not believe this ! the collector 's identity be hide in gerhard 's laboratory . marina ( v.o. ) oh my god ! what do you find ? Mike drop he phone . he bend down to pick it up when he see barutanski 's leg . kris barutanski thanks for the information ! the powerful body of kris barutanski descend on kowalski . kowalski jump aside - the special trident - knife miss he chest but slice he forearm . barutanski grab kowalski by the throat . CUT to : ext . - terrace . rome . italy - day marina be dining with a young man in a restaurant . marina Mike ! Mike ! marina 's lover ( in italian ) scusa marina , mar cosa sta succedendo ? ( Excuse I , marina ! what be go on ? ) marina ( in italian ) non lo so . Mike sta lottando con qualcuno . mi chiamera quando ha finito . ( I do not know . Mike be fight with someone . he 'il call I when he be do . ) CUT to : int . - the home of gerhard brandt . WASHINGTON DC . the UNITED states - night - continuous kowalski and barutanski start to fight for they life . they accidentally push down the projector from the desk , which start flash . barutanski pick up he trident - knife and throw it towards kowalski . the knife barely miss kowalski and get stick into the wall . barutanski , use he secret weapon , a wire from a collar , try to strangle kowalski . 49 , kowalski , use he last ounce of strength , push barutanski back to the wall , straight into the trident- knife . barutanski slip down to the floor dead . the projector stop flash . Mike be breathe heavily and be try to get he strength back . he collect the film roll , put they back into they metallic suitcase and close the lid . but what he find behind leave he speechless : the photo he see on the shelf be the same one that he have in he apartment , with he mother hold he . only that this be a bigger picture - on the right side of the photo , we can see gerhard brandt with a young boy . mike kowalski oh , my goodness ! he pull out he cell phone and dial . eva kowalski ( 0.s. ) hey , mikey ! I just buy you a new shirt ! eva kowalski ( cont ’d ) Mike ? mike kowalski Mom ? what do the name gerhard brandt mean to you ? ( beat ) Mom , I ask you a question ! ( beat ) what do the name gerhard brandt mean to you ? eva kowalski ( 0.s ) he be you father . ( beat ) he be a scientist , experiment with the subconscious . mike kowalski do he use cartoon ? eva kowalski ( 0.s. ) only on you half brother , ruben . he want to make he a great artist . that 's why ruben have nightmare . I , I have to leave you father ... to save you dream ... 0450 . nightmare - ext . - ruben brandt 's villa . the island of bisevo . croatia —- night ruben approach Fernando who be sit on a chair at the edge of a cliff , with he back turn . 50 . ruben brandt Fernando ? Fernando move he shoulder a bit , but do not respond . ruben approach . now he can see the right side of the man 's face . it 's not Fernando . ruben get closer , and the man turn he head . ruben can not believe he eye as he recognize the painter , renoir ( 47 ) . ruben brandt ( cont ’d ) renoir ? Pierre -auguste renoir ?! renoir for forty year I have be discover that the queen of all colour be the colour black , ruben . ruben brandt you be different . you be a painter , Pierre - Auguste . I do not really like black . renoir you will learn to like it . ruben brandt I do not want to learn to like it . renoir come , I will teach you to throw yourself into the blackness , like a lemming into the sea of Norway . ruben brandt I do not want to throw myself into the blackness ! renoir ( extend a hand ) come freely , we will jump together ! we will disappear into the black ! ruben brandt I do not want to disappear in the black ! renoir I will talk you into it , ruben . here , for a starter , have a bit of black ! renoir suddenly grab ruben 's head , and pull it towards himself . he push he black shoe into ruben 's open mouth . 0460 . int . - ruben brandt 's villa . the island of bisevo . croatia - dawn ruben wake up and pick up a voice recorder . 51 . ruben brandt ( sigh ) the next painting be bazille 's portrait of renoir . 0470 . int . - musee d' orsay . paris . FRANCE — evening with well - rehearse move , the team cut the wire , remove the frame , separate the canvas and then roll frédéric bazille 's portrait of renoir up . CUT to : ext . — musee d'orsay . paris . FRANCE - evening -— continuous the gang walk out of the museum . they pass by giuseppe , who wait for they outside to hand the information to vincenzo . giuseppe ( to the phone ) they get it ! m-m-m-mimi be with they . they be get into a vintage tatra . vincenzo delangello ( 0.s. ) I need mimi at any cost . the rest can die ! suddenly , police car approach with siren and two car park in front of the gang 's tatra . commandos jump out from the car with gun in they hand . the gang be freeze . the commando do not pay attention to they , they just run towards the museum . the gang slowly drive away with the tube . 0480 . ext . - pescara highway . italy - day ruben and the team be on they way to pescara , unaware of be surround by mafiosos . suddenly , a mafioso on a motorbike appear next to the car and start to fire at they . ruben brandt watch out ! bye - bye joe damn ! bye - bye Joe fire back and the mafioso fall off the motorbike . straight after , a helicopter turn up on the sky and begin to fire . mimi and bye - bye Joe shoot back . a driver of a truck crane in front of they be on the phone . 52 . truck crane driver giuseppe , tell vincenzo not to worry , we have get this cover , ok ? he catch a glimpse of the tatra in the rear-view mirror . truck crane driver ( cont ’d ) ( sing ) hey , hey , here come a little birdy , come on here to daddy ! right next to he , a tank truck appear . the other driver indicate that the gang be approach . truck crane driver ( cont ’d ) turn , turn , turn ...! the driver suddenly take a sharp turn and the two truck squeeze the gang 's car in between . suddenly , a crane grab the tatra and start to lift up the car . bye - bye joe bloody hell ! bye - bye joe ( cont 'd ) bloody hell ! Jesus ! oh my God ! ruben brandt watch out ! mimi Joe , take the ' copter , the truck be mine ! bye - bye joe alright , alright , I get it ! bye - bye joe ( cont 'd ) here we go ! mimi jump out of the car window , straight onto the crane . bye - bye Joe climb out of the car , jump out too and try to catch the landing skid of the helicopter . bye - bye joe ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) aaaaaah ! ruben brandt come on , Joe ! come on ! bye - bye Joe hardly catch the landing skid of the helicopter and kick a man with the machine gun straight in the face . bye - bye joe how you do ? 53 . meanwhile , mimi fight with another mafioso on the truck crane . man on the truck give it to I ! give it to I , baby ! the mafioso try he best , but mimi kick the mafioso down . mimi haha ... you big banana head ! above they , bye - bye Joe kick the machine gun guy off the board of the helicopter . bye - bye joe have a nice day , mate ! the machine gun guy fall of the helicopter straight into a huge billboard next to the highway . machine gun guy ( shout ) aaah ! the pilot just realize what happen behind he . pilot ( stutter ) I be ... I be the pilot . I be just a pilot . bye - bye Joe show he that he need to leave . pilot ( cont 'd ) okay , okay , okay , okay ... I know . just let I take a parachute . no problem . no problem . i’11 jump , I nil jump . I x11 jump . the pilot jump off the helicopter . mimi take over the control of the crane and try to take the tatra down . mimi boy , it 's time to get down ! meanwhile , the truck driver suddenly step on the gas pedal . truck crane driver alright , let 's have a party ! a overpass be approach . ruben brandt hey ! we be gonna smash into the overpass ! 54 . truck crane driver bye- bye guy ! mimi realize that there be no time to take the gang down . ruben brandt watch out ! just the moment before the crane smashes into the overpass , mimi open the crane grab and the tatra fly over it , landing hardly on the other side of highway . the truck with mimi on board be still pull behind the crash crane . bye - bye Joe throw down a rope from the helicopter for mimi . bye - bye joe here you go ! truck crane driver oh ! that will not be easy , baby ! the truck crane driver suddenly take a sharp turn , try to prevent mimi from catch the rope . mimi fall off the crane , but in the last moment she manage to catch the rope . because of the too sharp turn , the heavy crane grab hit the tank truck . both truck lose control . tank truck driver ( in Scottish ) shite ! ( beat ) County buggery fucktole bumshite ! ( beat ) oh my god ! the tank truck cross turn on the highway slightly crush into the tunnel in front of the tatra . it cut off the tatra 's roof , which slip in to the tunnel . the truck crane have no time to stop and it crash straight into the tank truck . both explode . mimi and bye - bye Joe be in the helicopter on the other side of the tunnel and be wait for the tatra to come out . after a long time of uncertainty , the roofless and damage tatra come out of the tunnel with the rest of the gang on board . mimi hi guy ! finally , the highway be clear ahead of they . CUT to : 55 . 0490 . ext . - yacht . the adriatic - day ruben 's behind the wheel of the deep Blue yacht . mimi fall asleep on the deck . ext./ int . - mimi' dream . - day mimi be look at a toy on a shelf in a shop . she slowly stretch she hand towards it . suddenly , the bird from mimi 's self - portrait appear on she hand . the bird turn she head towards mimi , as if it be ask she not to steal . mimi hesitates . at once , she grab the bird , leave the store and throw the bird into the air . she start run down a beautiful meadow when she see a man in the distance . she run towards he , while shouting : mimi ruben , I be free ! I be free ! the man do not turn around . mimi ( cont 'd ) ruben ? when she get closer , the man turn around . but it 's not ruben . it be Mike kowalski . CUT to : ext . - yacht . the adriatic - day mimi wake up on the yacht , confuse . 0510 . int .- mike kowalski's apartment . WASHINGTON DC . the UNITED states - day Mike sit at he desk , watch he laptop . mike kowalski well , well , well . Frank duveneck 's whistle Boy be the 11th and bazille 's renoir the 12th . the last one be double elvis . ( get up ) and the double elvis be finally be put on display ! a pop Art exhibition in Tokyo ! hockey , the end of the game be very , very near . CUT to : 56 . ext . - the facade of mike kowalski 's apartment - day boris remove the surveillance bug from the glass of the large window of kowalski 's apartment . 0520 . int . - vila in toscana . italy - day vincenzo delangello be with he three mafiosos in Italy . vincenzo delangello ( on the phone ) thanks boris ! ( turn to giuseppe ) giuseppe , tell filippo to mobilize all the people ! giuseppe yes , boss ! CUT to : ext . — industrial port - night filippo ( 57 ) be stand in a phone booth in a industrial port . a tie body of a man be see in the background . filippo next robbery be Tokyo , pop Art exhibition . do you understand ? CUT to : ext . - zone tolerance . mexico . - night a spanish mafioso ( 35 ) drive a car , while talk on the phone . spanish mafioso ( in spanish ) Si , si , si lo tengo . El siguiente robo es en tokio , en el exposicién del pop Art . ( yes , I get it . the next robbery be in Tokyo at the pop Art exhibition . ) CUT to : ext . - helicopter . FRANCE - day a french mafioso ( 37 ) on a helicopter be behind a big automatic gun . he fly above the highway , while on the phone . 57 . french mafioso ( in french ) ah , Tokyo ! aucun probleme . ne vous inquiétez pas , monsieur , tout est sous contréle . tres bientét , monsieur ! ( of course , Sir ! no problem , do not worry , everything be under control . I will see you soon ! ) CUT to : int . - road of russia . russia - night a russian mafioso ( 40 ) be in a car with a woman . russian mafioso ( in Russian ) naskolyko ya ponyal , spokoyno ninochka , spokoyno ! ya dolzhen ehaty v Tokyo . ya budu tam . ( as far as I understand ... take it easy , ninocka ... I should go to Tokyo . I will be there . ) CUT to : int . - pub . serbia - day a hungarian mafioso ( 42 ) be in a pub , drink in vojvodina , Serbia . hungarian mafioso ( in hungarian ) hogyhogy nem értem ? ertem ! kévetkez6 mel6 tokiéban lesz ! na! nem ? ( what do you mean I do not understand ? I understand . the next job will be in Tokyo . no ? ) CUT to : ext . —- abandoned factory - evening a cell phone ring . a man soak of gasoline , tie to a chair , with a duct tape across he mouth , frantically shake he head and roll he eye . a man with the can ( 35 ) put the gasoline can down and pick up the cell phone . 58 . man with the can ( to the phone ) not now , I be busy ! man with the can ( cont ’d ) ( to the phone ) not now ! he grab the match . CUT to : ext . - street of bangkok . thailand - night a thai mafioso ( 35 ) lean against a wall on the street while on the phone . he play with a yo- yo ball . thai mafioso ( in English with a accent ) ja ja ja . Tokyo , I will be there . CUT to : ext . - gran sasso . italy - day on the top of a rock hill , a italian mafioso ( 30 ) be lay next to a woman and he motorcycle . italian mafioso ( in italian ) ripeta per favore , non 1’ho capito be ! Toronto ? ( I do not understand , repeat it please ! Toronto ? ) mafioso i. ( 0.s. ) Tokyo ! italian mafioso ( in italian ) ah Tokyo ! mi piace essere a Tokyo ! ci vediamo dopodomani ! ( ah , Tokyo ! I like to be in Tokyo ! see you the day after tomorrow ! ) 0530 . int . - modern art museum . tokyo . japan - day ruben arrive on a motorbike in front of the modern Art Museum where the " masterpiece of pop Art " exhibition be set up . he enter the museum and meet the gang . 59 . ruben brandt place everyone - and let 's start ! ruben stay at the entrance , while the team move towards the exhibition . George and Margaret be also among the audience . GEORGE it 's so just peaceful here , Margaret . I love it ! margaret George , sush ! be quiet ! the performance have already start ! look ! bye - bye joe ( he be hold mimi on he head ) the take of this painting be part of the performance art piece . in the future , everyone here will be world famous for 15 minute ! mimi , while balance on bye - bye Joe 's head , hold a bow and a arrow with both she foot and target the apple on Fernando 's head . membrano stand behind Fernando , and both of they be stand in front of the wall with Warhol 's elvis I and ii . the arrow hit the apple , but before hit the painting membrano catch it . the visitor be amaze . membrano bruno start to cut out the canvas with the arrow . a young woman react ( visitor , 30 ) : visitor oh my goodness ! what ... what be go on ?! a young man stand next to she turn to the woman ( art snob , 30 ) : art snob shh ! miss , please ! just a little respect for the performance artist ! membrano bruno and Fernando roll Warhol 's elvis I and ii up while say incomprehensible word in a rhythmical way . they put the canvas into the tube . bye - bye joe that be we 15 minute of fame . thank you so much , sayonara ! the four '' performer '' take a bow in front of the audience . suddenly giuseppe shout . 60 . giuseppe that be the collector ! get he ! 0535 . int . - modern art museum . tokyo . japan - day - continuous a sudden burst of machine - gun fire plunge the exhibition hall into chaos . as the fight begin between the gang and the mafiosos , ruben , who be watch the performance from the distance , start run towards the team to help . during the fight , ruben 's team use the pop Art work as weapon . Fernando throw the roll with the painting to mimi . fernando mimi ! mimi catch the roll . mimi get it ! Fernando knock down a mafioso with one of Jim dine 's shovel . ruben hit another one , while bye - bye Joe throw a glass from Daniel spoerri 's eat Art bilder 's towards a third one . bye - bye joe please to meet you ! membrano bruno knock a mafioso over a Robert Rauschenberg 's stuff goat . membrano bruno you son of a motherless goat ! bye - bye Joe be fight with another one . bye - bye joe ein , Zwei , drei ! mimi throw the painting to membrano . mimi here ! as mimi kick a mafioso , he fall onto the jukebox and a music start play ( even the bad Times be good , perform by Brian poole and the tremeloes ) . bye - bye Joe hit a fire mafioso with a plate from Daniel spoerri 's eat Art . bye - bye joe what go up , must come down . 61 . as the plate hit he , the mafioso fall off the wall . however , another mafioso start run towards he . bye - bye Joe spin marcel duchamp 's bicycle wheel and kick he . bye - bye joe ( cont 'd ) ( spin the wheel ) the wheel spin , take a look around ! a young man be amaze by the fight . art snob what a fascinating example of interdisciplinary performance art ! bravo ! everyone clap . the team be fight the mafiosos while take care of the painting . membrano throw the tube to bye - bye Joe who jump over Robert Rauschenberg 's monogram and kick a mafioso . bye - bye joe here you go ! get some of that son ! here we go ! easy there mate ! easy there ! after toss the tube to mimi , bye - bye Joe grab Daniel spoerri 's kichka 's Breakfast I from the wall and fight off another mafioso . bye - bye joe ( cont 'd ) want some of this ? get some here ! come on ! come and get it ! whoa ! bye - bye joe ( cont 'd ) easy there ! yeah ! have some of this ! get some here ! come on ! come and get it ! as mimi roll behind a artwork on the ground , a mafioso , stand next to Allen Jones 's hatstand , begin fire at she . she pass the tube to ruben . mimi ( shouting ) here ! ruben throw the roll to membrano . membrano bruno here ! mimi knock down two mafiosos next to George segal 's portrait of sidney Janis with mondrian Painting . 62 . mimi hahaha ! bye - bye Joe be fight with a mafioso , next to Tom wesselman 's bathtub . bye - bye joe would you like ? mafioso i. what ? bye - bye joe to take that shower , now ! he kick he into wesselman 's artwork . the gang keep fight the mafiosos . mimi oopsy daisy ! he grab a piece of billy Apple 's 2 minute 33 second and throw it at a attacker . bye - bye joe I get this cover ! bloody hell ! ( 0.s. ) Jesus ! oh my god ! have some of this you bloody idiot ! that 's it ! the team be take down the mafiosos one by one . mimi hand the tube to ruben . the gang receive a huge applause . bye - bye joe ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman ! thank you ! thank you so much ! cheer ! it 's be wonderful ! have a lovely time , bye -bye ! see you next time ! good night ! sayonara ! they all leave the exhibition with the tube , and we see kowalski 's leg stop the wheel on the floor . 0555 . int . - ruben brandt 's villa . the island of bisevo . croatia - night ruben sit in he villa in front of the wall where all thirteen painting be hang . he take a look at they one by one , sip he whiskey . when he reach for the table to put down he glass , he see another whiskey , but with a hitchcock - shape ice cube . it suddenly start shaking , and ruben try to get up from he seat , only to realize that he be chain to the chair 's arm with a handcuff . he desperately try to free himself but with no success . the whole room start shaking , include the painting . we see a close - up of 63 . veldzquez 's infanta margarita . it fall from the wall . 0570 . int . - railcar - day ruben brandt suddenly wake up . he be alone in the railcar , sit by the window , hold onto he wrist . he see the book enjoy Art on the floor down by he foot . he pick it up , start read and discover a photo of he patient with a personal message inside . he look out of the window , smile , think of what have happen to he . we see kowalski 's reflection in the window , then we transit to the view from the train . we slowly zoom out to the view of a single railcar go towards the sunset . we zoom out to a road where a snail be try to cross , and a railroad emerge , the same one we see in the open scene of the film . the end fade to black ending credit