R U N a W a y B R I D E screenplay by Sarah parriott &amp ; josann mcgibbon -------------------------------------------------------------- fade in ext . a impossible expanse of maryland farmland - day the wind rustle the endless field of corn , blow over the freshly mown meadow of soybean , and magically sway a copse of tree . it 's a fall after - noon . a sudden pounding of galloping hoove break the peace and ... a horse and rider burst between the row of corn into the meadow . they be run for they life . close on : the rider be a bride -- a beautiful woman dress in a dishevel wedding gown , it 's train tatter and fly like a knight 's banner out behind she . this be maggie carpenter . the horse be froth and wild - eye , like the bride , who turn to look behind she in terror . the horse 's labor breathe mingle with maggie 's panicked gasp . we see a wedding bouquet fly into a ditch as the horse thunder on . maggie cling to the rein . she look as though she be run from the devil himself . fade to black ext . ike' apartment build - day establish . CUT to : ext . ike' apartment build - day - establishing shot ext . new york STREET - day ike ( v.o. ) hey , Fisher , pick up . I have some column idea I want to bounce off you . not there ? okay . listen I be think of write about that mind - numb informercials that be always on . ike walk out of he apartment building talk on cell phone . ike ( cont would ) what do you think ? good idea , right ? bore , down to death , pointless -- it suck . ike yell at a construction worker . ike ( cont would ) if you guy be here any longer , they be gonna make you sign a lease . construction worker you column should be so funny . ike turn and walk down the street , talk into cell phone . ike okay , I be also think I might write about ... he spot a rich lady with ton of diamond get out of a limousine , talk to a chauffeur . he go up to she . ike ( cont would ) Excuse I . I be think of do a article on limousine . what would you say to people who never have a chance to drive in a limo ? they walk up to she doorman . lady I be sorry , I do not know any people like that . ike walk off . they stare at he as he go . ext . another new york STREET - day ike 's talk on the phone to he friend 's machine again . ike ( into phone ) Fisher ? come on -- I know you be sit there laugh at I . pick up . I want to run a idea past you . ike continue walk now in the full panic of writer 's block . he plead into he friend 's answer machine as he walk . ike ( cont would ) ( into phone ) I just could use someone to toss it back and forth with for a few minute , get the juice flow , help I . I have a hour and twenty - seven minute and fifty - two second . hello ? he walk away from the t-shirt table towards the bar . the vendor call out to he . t-shirt vendor hey , ike , when be you go to put I in a article ? ike when you t-shirt stop shrink . ike enter the bar . the woman drop the shirt she be hold and walk off with she child . the T-shirt vendor go back to sell he shirt . int . new york bar - late day ike sit at the bar speak to a attractive woman nearby , a man put be USA today on the bar and address the bartender . man I see photo of a lot of dead writer on this wall . get any live one ? I have a story to tell that could win one of they a pulitzer . ( then , with enthusiasm ) picture this , if you will . a small town in maryland , a sleepy little village , within that a hardware store ... the man continue speak as ike and the woman continue they conversation . woman so what 's in store for we in tomorrow 's column ? ike I do not know yet . I be kind of a last - minute man . idea do not flow until a hour or two before deadline . the woman get up and begin throw dart . woman ( interrupt ) this be very interesting . you get you idea for you column from life . you start up a conversation with a woman in a bar , attack she choice of read material , try and get a rise out of she while you contemplate whether or not she 's worth hit on . ike no , I can not hit on you until I get a idea . she start throw dart . woman that 's flatter . ike no , you do not understand . the woman go to she bar stool , gather she bag and leave a tip for the bartender . woman I think I do understand . so my not respond to you bait I will inspire one of that potential bitter diatribe you love to write about woman and all the thing we do to drive man crazy ? ike ( take aback ) I do not write bitter diatribe about woman ... very often . she whacks he with a newspaper , then shake he hand . woman only when the idea be not flow , huh ? well , it be very nice to meet you , one - minute man . the woman leave the bar . ike ( as she exit ) that 's last minute man . ( then , louder ) and it 's the quality that count . bartender you know , for a good look man , you strike out a lot . man I have see much worse . the phone ring . Te bartender answer it as ike sit back on he bar stool . ike grab the woman 's magazine that she leave on the bar and start glance at it . the man at the bar have hear the whole thing . man ( cont would ) I say , I have see much worse . ike look at the man with reservation . the man be George swill . ike Excuse I ? man the brush -off . ike get up and move to the dart board . he remove the dart . man ( cont would ) I have witness far more treacherous and nefarious exit than that . at least she castigate you in private . ike not as private as I think . ike turn slightly , give the man he back . ike ( cont would ) Kevin , you have get some napkin ? bartender write or wiping ? ike give I a pen . the bartender give he cocktail napkin and a pen . ike start make note . ike look up from he write . the man get up and start throw dart . man ( throw dart hard ) ah , come on . they deserve it . they love you , they hate you , they be hot , they be cold , they be high , they be low ... ike ... they be up , they be down . it 's really fun make this list with you , but I have get a column to go write . bartender ike . man ( undeterred ) but you do not have a really superb idea ! well , there 's a girl from my hometown you could write about . ike move to the bartender and pay he . bartender ( to man ) Excuse I , we do not need any new idea . man she like to dump groom right at the altar . they call she " the runaway bride " . both ike and bartender turn and stare . man she perform the travesty seven or eight time . right at the altar she turn around and run like hell . bolt . ike turn and head for the door . the man call after he , get up from he stool without stop he enthusiastic story . man ( cont would ) adios . plow down the aisle , knock old lady out of she way like the run of the bull at Pamplona . and guess what ? ike I give up . man she have the next victim all line up . she 's twirling another body on the spit . ike stop in he track . he turn back around in spite of himself . man ( beginning he story ) imagine if you will , a small town in maryland ... CUT to : int . ike' apartment - dusk ike sit at he computer , cassette player with mile Davis plays next to he as he type away read he handiwork to himself . ike ( read ) " today be a day of profound introspection , I have be accuse of use this column to direct bitter diatribe at the opposite sex ! this uncomfortable accusation have plunge I into at least fifteen minute of serious reflection , from which I have emerge with the conclusion that , yes -- I traffic in female stereotype . " ext . USA today office - day fisher walk through the main office read the paper . fisher " but how can one blame I when every time I step out my front door I meet fresh proof that the female archetype be alive and well ? Te mother , the virgin , the whore , the crone ; they be elbow you in the subway , steal you cab , and overwhelming you with perfume in elevator . " int . USA today office - continuous Elaine at she desk read aloud to herself . elaine " but perhaps , in fairness to the fairer sex , I do need to broaden my horizon and add some new goddess to the pantheon : I would like to nominate for deity ... " Fisher hand a file to Elaine . fisher " ... the cheerleader , the coed , and the man-eater , the last of which concern I most today . " Fisher leave and we hold a USA today sign . CUT to : int . new york bar - day the man come out of the men' room read the USA today , Kevin , the bartender , stand on the bar read the same article . man ( read ) " to be fair , the man-eater be not exactly new . in ancient Greece , this fearsome female be know as eriny , the devour death goddess . in India , she be kali , who like to devour she boyfriend shiva 's entrail while she yoni devour he -- dot dot dot , never mind . in Indonesia , the bloody - jaw man-eater be call ragma ... " Te man sit at the bar near to the bartender . bartender you notice this be all country without cable . ( then , continue read ) " ... and in hale , maryland where she help run the family hardware store . she be know as miss maggie carpenter ... " ( mispronounce ) " .... aka , the runaway bride . " CUT to : ext . USA today loading dock - day worker read the above article . int . / ext . beauty parlor / hale , maryland - day peggy and mrs . pressman exit the parlor and stroll down the street . ( lower she paper and read . ) peggy ( cont would ) " ... and in hale , maryland where she help run the family hardware store . " ( to the woman ) we have to go to maggie . Cindy , mind the shop . ( exit salon ; continue read ) " ... she be know as miss maggie carpenter , aka , the runaway bride . " mrs . pressman Holy moly . the older one , Mrs. pressman , listen with a pain expression as the young one , Peggy , continue to read the column aloud . neither one can believe what they be read . peggy ( read ) " what be unusual about miss carpenter be that she like to dress she man up as groom before she devour they . she have already disembowel six in a row by leave they at the altar . " ... I can not ready anymore . mrs . pressman ( take paper from she , read ) " and she ritual feast continue as she prepare to make a sacrifice out of the seventh fiance . so all bet be on and we hope that this boomerang bride be not honeymoon with Las Vegas odd maker because many predict that this girl be out of there before the race ... before the rice hit the ground " ( then ) Holy moly . Peggy and Mrs. pressman step into a hardware store . int . hardware store - continuous Peggy and Mrs. pressman enter , worried . mrs . pressman you tell maggie . peggy no , you tell she . mrs . pressman no , no . you be she best friend . peggy no . mrs . pressman ( hold she newspaper ) you know , it 's just possible that she have not read this yet . peggy yeah . mrs . pressman maybe she have not read the paper ... on the counter , they see a copy of USA today open to the article about maggie . mrs . pressman ( cont would ) ... or not ! we follow maggie down the back stair inside the hale hardware store , the prettiest , most welcoming shop of its kind anywhere in small town USA . somehow the place ha take on the spirit of the owner 's daughter ; both stop and shop -girl radiate brightness , charm , and possibility . maggie come down step with a faucet handle and go to a elderly customer , mr. paxton . maggie ( bright ) here we go ! one antique hot water handle with the " hot " still on it , guarantee to fit any american Standard cast iron tub with a four-inch center make between 1924 and 1938 . in other word , I think you be out of the doghouse with Mrs. paxton . mr. paxton ( amaze ) hallelujah . maggie alright , Mr. paxton , I will put it on you account . maggie round the bend , another customer , earl , stand by the paint machine . earl maggie . maggie ( walk past customer ) you do not need a air conditioner , Earl , you just need a attic fan -- there 's more in the back . maggie step behind the front counter of the store and take the account book out . her voice trail off as she see the dour expression on the face of she friend . maggie ( cont would ) what ? Peggy nervously mention the newspaper . peggy ( delicate ) so -- mag -- you have see this , huh ? maggie ( serious ) yes , I have see it . and I have to say it 's the rudest and most offensive ... joke anybody 's ever play on I ! to they amazement , maggie start smile . maggie ( cont would ) you guy ! how long do this take you ? maggie stay amused . maggie ( cont would ) where would you get this do ? ( laugh ) you creep ! I should disinvite you ! and why do you say seven time ? this be four . peggy uh , maggie , you tell we to bachelorette joke , so we do not ... maggie look at the stricken face of she friend . mrs . pressman Holy moly . Peggy look like she be go to cry with sympathy for maggie . maggie be start to feel uncomfortable . she look down , dubiously , at the paper . maggie um , you know , now would be a good moment to tell I this be fake . ( no response ) it will not be funny if you drag it out . okay ? ( no response ) okay , well ... I mean , I can find out ... Real newspaper smear . phoney papers do not . she pick up the paper and brushes it against she apron , leave a ink smear !! she nearly kneel over . maggie ( cont would ) ( sit ) bag . Peggy and Mrs. pressman immediately spring to she side . they give she a bag to breathe in . mrs . pressman bag . CUT to : int . maggie' workout room / gym - night we see maggie kickbox in anger . the radio be on . she suddenly stop , yank ike 's article off the wall , leave she workout area and go to she desk . angle on desk area : she turn off the radio and begin to type she letter . maggie ( v.o. ) " dear editor ... " ext . manhattan - day - establishing shot as maggie 's voice - over continue to read she letter , we take in a Manhattan busy day . it be big , loud , and anonymous . maggie ( v.o. ; cont would ) " greeting from the stick ! perhaps you believe that a rural education be focus mainly on hog call and tractor maintenance rather than read . why else would you print a piece of fiction about I and call it fact ? " Te camera find ike , stride across a busy street , dodging taxie . a woman smack he with a newspaper . he pass a woman traffic officer , then a hot dog stand . he greet and pass a falafel vendor . the camera pan to a USA today truck . maggie ( v.o. ; cont would ) " I suppose Mr. Graham be too busy think we slanderous statement about how I dump man for kick to bother with something silly like accuracy in report . which be understandable , because with a " man -eater " like I on the loose , who have time to check fact ? " ext . USA today loading dock - continuous he pass regular guy who cheer he . maggie ( v.o. ; cont would ) " still , we cannibalistic queen can get pretty cranky when we see thing in print that hurt we feeling , like that we deliberately abandon fiance with malice aforethought . " int . USA today loading dock - continuous he enter the newspaper building , go to ellie 's office . int . USA today office - continuous he walk through the crowded city room . his arrival attract a lot of attention from he CO - worker . ike seem a little surprised , but he 's pleased . maggie ( v.o. ; cont would ) " that 's why I be surprised to find Mr. Graham 's editor be a woman . call I a sentimental fool , but I sort of hope we man-eater could stick together . " ike work he way down the hall to the editor 's office . chuffa ike greet various worker . he step up to the editor 's secretary , elaine . she do not smile . ike ( to Elaine ) I will put in a good word for you . elaine no , no , do not mention my name in there . ike why ? a buzz . elaine you can go in now . ike go into ellie 's office . Elaine pick up she phone . CUT to : int . ellie' office - continuous ellie be that editor . stylish and successful look , she 's about ike 's age . ellie sit behind a big desk with a scowl on she pretty face . her casual - look husband , Fisher , sit nonchalantly on the arm of the couch . ike enter as ellie read maggie 's letter . ellie ( read letter ) " anyway , I be just drop you big city folk this little note to say that I have think of a ritual sacrifice that would satisfy my current appetite : ike Graham 's column on a platter . your truly , maggie carpenter . p.s. -- I have inclose a list of the gross factual misrepresentation in you article . there be fifteen . " ike sit as ellie put the letter down and take off she glass . ike ( chuckle as he sit ) fully . I like she . she have wit . ellie I leave four message . you do not return my call . ike so ? I never return you call , even when we be marry . and what 's Fisher do here anyway ? Fisher get and place a photo of the cat on a bookshelf on he way to the other side of the room . fisher ellie ask I to come down to offer moral support . ike since when do ellie need moral supp -- ellie -- it 's for you , ike . ike what ? ellie journalism lesson number one . if you fabricate you fact , you get fire . ellie push USA today lawyer 's letter across the desk for he to read . ike pick it up and skim the letter . his face be as impassive as stone . ike lesson number two . never work for you former spouse . ellie that 's not nothing to do with it . you cook this story up and you know it . ike I do not cook up a story . I have a source . ellie someone reliable , I be sure . a booze - hound in a bar ? fisher in vino veritas . ike do not knock drunk guy in bar . drunk guy in bar be good . it mean they be not drive . ike get up and stand near ellie , make he point . ike ( cont would ) besides , I be a columnist . this be what columnist be suppose to do . this be what you like . we push , we stretch , we go out on a limo . that 's what make I good ! ellie no , that 's what make you unemployed . ike I merely write the stuff . you be the one that serve it up . ike put down the letter and put he glass back into he pocket . ellie not anymore . I have to draw the line . ( push a piece of paper ) she send we this list . we lawyer say it 's actionable . ellie hand ike maggie 's list . ike ( scoff ) lawyer . ( glance at list ) I do not know , ellie -- firing I be go to be very tough on you . it 's go to be hard to get over . there will be therapy bill for you . ellie ( shrug ) I already make a appointment for later today . ike ( put the list down , stand ) see ? you want custody of my job ? ... why not just consider my wrist slap and call I when you feel I have serve my time ? ellie I be sorry , ike . this be permanent . Fisher wince and look away . ike and ellie look at each other for a sober moment . ellie ( v.o. ; cont would ) if you go quietly , I will get you severance pay . ellie fidget with she toy rake , then ike head for the door . he laugh a little at the painful truth of she word and walk out . ellie collapse back in she chair . Fisher go to she and rub she shoulder . ext . USA today loading dock - day ike ride sadly on the back of a forklift , get off and walk out . ext . hale residential STREET - another morning angle on maggie' house : a train go by . a modest clapboard house with a porch . two entrance . a paperboy toss a paper onto the lawn in front of the house . the front door open and maggie appear fresh out of bed , wear only a jacket and panty . heedless of be see this way , she scamper out to the sidewalk to pick up she deliver paper : USA today . she tear off the plastic bag and rip into it , look for she letter . she find it . a smile on she face , then she scamper back into the house . int . maggie' house - that moment maggie skip back into she house which she share with Father and grandma . a cozy and eclectic place creatively furnish on a shoe-stre . she rush into : kitchen where bob kelly , fiance # 4 , be pack can into a backpack . Bob , 38 , have a pleasant face and a body that be almost shockingly buff . he 's wear a T-shirt that read : " mountaineer do it against the wall. " , maggie dance over , wave the paper and sing . maggie she can he , she can he ... Bob test the weight of the backpack add dehydrate food . bob come here , mag , and try this on . maggie put the paper on the kitchen counter and start to read aloud , pay no mind to Bob , who be stick she arm through the strap of the backpack . maggie listen : " dear Ms. carpenter , I apologize to you for this unfortunate matter . ike Graham 's column will no longer be appear in this paper . best of luck in you upcoming marriage ! " Bob continue to hold up the weight of the backpack as he strap it onto maggie 's shoulder . bob that -a-girl ! you sack he . ( check pack ) this be the weight of the pack you be go to have to carry in the himalayas . tell I if it 's too heavy . Bob let go and maggie fall backward , disappear behind the counter , and hit the floor , with a thud . Bob look down at she . maggie 's voice rise from the floor behind the counter . maggie ( o.s . ) it 's a little ... it 's a little heavy ... help I , baby . Bob have no answer . he reach a hand down . he yelp as maggie pull he down on top of she , out of frame . we hear they giggle and kiss . int . USA today loading dock - another day Fisher use the dock for a photo shoot feature man and woman in evening and formal wear from escada for g.q. Fisher be not actually shoot the camera , but rather supervise it . Fisher clap he hand and call the model to attention . then he go onto the stage and set the model in they position . fisher ( cont would ) remember , we be put the " fun " back into formal . ( to ike ) I just say that for the agency guy . I do not even know what that mean . now follow I . int . USA today observation room - day Elevator door open . ike and Fisher exit and walk towards the coffee table . fisher ike , I really like the runaway bride piece , and since I do freelance stuff for g.q. , I be in a different position now ... ike what be you try to say to I , Fish ? they stop walk . fisher vindication . how would you like to get some ? a chance to prove that , though you fact be not entirely straight , you theory be correct . ike ( hide he hope ) the real story on miss carpenter . fisher all the gory detail . they start walk again . ike ( excited ) the anatomy of the black widow spider of maryland . fisher it would not be a bad way to get you back into write feature piece again . ike ( enthusiastically ) this be good . it be a good story , Fish . they stop at the coffee table and grab something to eat . fisher ( nod ) if she run , then it 's a cover story . all true . all accurate . ike ( confess ) okay , you be right . I hate my column , but I can do this assignment . fisher then you have get it . if you leave tomorrow for the hinterland , you will have plenty of time before she next wedding trot . ike " paid vindication " that 's what I call justice . fisher justice , yes . paid , I do not know . they like the idea , but my hand be tie with budget restraint . ike but I will get my normal fee , right ? he walk away . ike you want I to do it on spec ?! he follow he . CUT to : ext . maryland highway - day we see ike drive down the highway . the car sputter a little as he and Fisher continue they conversation in voice-over . ( if need by the editor . ) fisher ( v.o. ) do not say " spec " like it 's a dirty word . nobody ever pay Shakespeare to write a play ! plato never get a book advance ... ike ( v.o. ) oh yeah ! I happen to know from reliable source that nietzche get expense and a rental car . we hear Fisher laugh . ike ( v.o. ; cont would ) I be go to make this work , Fish . I be go to do it ! ike 's car drive into hale , pass a billboard read , " welcome to hale . " CUT to : ext . hale STREET - day ike drive down picturesque Main Street . he pass hale hardware . sign say : " at curl . be back soon . " ext . atlantic HOTEL - day a barbershop quartet be sing in front of the only hotel in town . ike pull up and go inside . int . lobby / atlantic HOTEL - day ike have check into the Atlantic Hotel . the clerk , lee , hand he he key . ike ask about room service and the restaurant . a older woman ask he if he play bridge as he go up the stair to he room . ext . hale MAIN STREET - day ike exit he hotel as the barber shop quartet finish sing " camptown race . " he now walk down the charming main artery of the town , look exactly like what he be : a cynical New York out of he element on sunny Main Street , USA . kide ride by on bike , stream balloon behind they . a balloon hit ike on the face . as he cross the street , he mutter into he tape recorder : ike I think I be in maryberry . flag hang on all the storefront and the place sparkles with wholesome attitude as people greet each other familiarly . ike come to beauty parlor call " curl up and Dye " . the place be do business and crowded with women . int . beauty parlor - day Cindy , the manicurist , do Mrs. pressman 's nail . maggie sit on the floor next to Peggy 's salon chair , fix the base of a barber chair . she tighten a screw and look up , satisfied . Cindy 's dog be on the floor near maggie . maggie Cindy , you better 86 sprout . he seem to be enjoy the petroleum distillate . Cindy roll over in she chair , pick up she dog and roll back to she station . cindy that 's it . back to obedience school . maggie ( to Peggy ) okay -- have a seat ... gently , carefully . Peggy sit in the chair . maggie spin she around and around . peggy ( delighted as she spin ) you be a goddess ! maggie I do not even need to change this gasket , just put in a little hydraulic fluid . peggy stop it . when you talk like that , I get turn on and it frighten I . just then . ike enter the salon , take off he sunglass . Peggy hop off the chair . ike hello . I be look for maggie carpenter . there be a sign at the hardware store across the street ... peggy be you a reporter ? it 's a little early in the game for ike to be throw off guard . ike ( shocked ) what ? peggy ( eyeing he loafer ) it 's be we experience that anyone with some sort of gewgaw on he loafer end up be another big city reporter want to interview maggie . ike about she upcoming wedding and all . peggy no , about she get that asshole from New York fire . ike smile down at he loafer and shrug . ike I be just such a reporter . and you be ? peggy Peggy phleme . not the ice skater . Peggy step aside . ike move toward Cindy and Mrs. pressman . ike and who be this lovely lady ? Te lady shake he hand and introduce themselves . cindy Cindy . maggie 's unmarried cousin . mrs . pressman Mrs. pressman . no relation . peggy and you be ? ike ( turn toward she ) look for maggie . peggy yep . maggie -- someone to see you . maggie look over from she sit position on the floor . she give ike the once -over , focus on the shoe . maggie ( yell to Peggy ) reporter ? peggy yup ! ike crouch to see maggie on the floor just as she rise to she foot . ike straighten up . for a moment , he be throw by she beauty and intelligent eye . maggie I hope you have a different angle . it 's pretty much all be cover . ike originality be my speciality . maggie excellent . peggy hold on -- nobody interview maggie in here unless they be get haircut . maggie she 's the boss . ike sorry , no . I just get one . mrs . pressman ( to ike ) Excuse I , sir . I have a actual fact for you . ike ( step to Mrs. pressman ) yes , Mrs. pressman . mrs . pressman it 's she fourth time to the altar , you know . not seven like they say . ike I know . tell I something . do you think she 's go to make it all the way this time ? during the ike / Mrs . pressman exchange , maggie look at ike . there 's something familiar about he . she look over at Peggy and beckon she to a copy of ike 's column affix to a mirror . a goatee and horn , have be scrawle on ike 's byline picture . he 's be " devilize " . Peggy cough as she recognize ike in the newspaper clipping . maggie she swallow she gun . Mrs. pressman continue she story to ike . mrs . pressman I be not sure . Mr. schullian run the newsstand , he 's we local bookie , you know , he 's give eight to one odd she will not . he say she 's so famous now , maybe Vegas will give odd on she . I be go to wait to hear what the pro say . ike good fact . well , you let I know . mrs . pressman oh , I will . angle on : maggie indicate column to Peggy . she look over at the part of the shop use to wash and dye hair . there 's a sink , stool and a cabinet affix to the wall above sink , which hold various shampoos and hair dy . maggie get a idea . maggie and Peggy step forward toward ike . maggie well , instead of a haircut , how about a wash ? you know , get all that city grit out of it . ike you will answer my question ? maggie nod affirmatively . ike ( cont would ) ( remove he jacket ) Fine . you wash , I will ask the question . peggy great . ike hand Peggy he jacket . a mystify Peggy lead ike to the sink . while she do this ... maggie have a seat . Peggy , why do not you give he the special treatment that strengthen the follicle . ike sit in the chair near the sink . maggie shake out a smock and put it around ike . maggie ( cont would ) so , what do you want to know ? ike lean and rest he head on the sink . Peggy bend over he and wet he hair . she grab various hair coloring product . ike get nervous ? maggie nervous ? not at all ! no . I have never be more certain in my life . except -- I be have all kind of weird dream . ike pull the cloth down from over he face . ike weird dream ? you be go to tell I about they ? maggie yes . peggy ( calming ) let 's just put this back here for the aromatherapy . Peggy recover he face , then continue to fuss with the hair coloring product . maggie help . int . beauty parlor - later ike sit with a towel over he head as Peggy blow - dry the back of he head . his back be to the mirror , he body face maggie . Cindy do she own nail as Mrs. pressman scratch off lottery ticket . the dog , sprout , sit in be basket . maggie in another one ... pete , wear a hat , come in the front door of the salon . peggy hey , Pete , I will be right with you . ike peek out from under he towel as maggie continue . maggie I be inside the church . everyone I know be there , only they be not really they . they be like frankenstein monster , but without the bolt come out of they neck . it 's all very " night of the live Dead " . and here 's the creepiest part -- I look down at my dress and it 's red . I mean , I have no idea what it mean . Red 's not my color ! ike listen intently and stare steadily into she eye . Peggy remove the towel . his hair be divide into equal part and dyed orange and red . maggie ( cont would ) so what do you think ? ike stare back at she , the tickle of suspicion creep up he spine . ike I think you would look good in red . peggy no , she 's talk about you hair . maggie swivel he chair so that ike face the mirror . ike look at he brightly color hair . maggie you be all ready for football season , Mr. Graham . ike stare at he hair in total confusion . with icy calm , ike rise from he chair and primp the end of he hair as if give it the finish touch . then he see he deface newspaper clipping and all become clear . he pick up the article and show it to everyone . ike do a slow burn . ike yes , I think I nail the personality profile of the woman of hale . ike turn and put the clipping up on the mirror . ike ( cont would ) ( to Peggy ) my jacket , please . Peggy hand he he jacket . ike ( cont would ) ( sarcastically ) thank you . ike move toward the door . he spot Pete . ike ( cont would ) ( put on jacket ; to Pete ) Excuse I , Pete , do you know a place that sell shampoo ... strong shampoo ? pete Doc 's pharmacy . third and elm . tell he Pete send you . want my hat ? ike no thanks . ike smile at maggie and exit . maggie ( to Peggy ) he seem crabby . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - day in front of beauty salon , maggie follow ike out . maggie if you be look for elm Street , it 's that way . she put on she sunglass . ike thank you . he walk the other way . maggie if you come down here in the pursuit of happiness , you might as well go back . because you can not make I feel bad . she stop walk and turn to ike . ike I be not here to make you feel bad . I be here for vindication . in my heart ... maggie you have one ? ike walk back to maggie . ike I feel I be right about you . you get I fire , lady . you destroy my reputation and you screw up my hair . you chew man up , spit they out and love it . and I be down here to satisfy myself on that point . passersby stare at ike 's hair and giggle . maggie do something happen to make you care about reality ? ike yes. conviction . conviction that I be onto the truth . you be go to do the same thing to " poor bastard number four " that you do to the last three . you be go to run again . and I be not leave until you do . maggie you be go to be very disappointed . ike we will see . maggie I would love to stay and chat , but I have get to get back to work . I still have my job . he stare at she for a beat , stung by she word . maggie I have nothing to hide , Mr. Graham . talk to whoever you want . you might actually stumble upon a fact or two . maggie walk away . ike walk a few step and stop at a kid on a bike . ike hey , kid , I will give you ten buck for you hat . kid agree . ike put the hat on and start to cross the street . a old woman walk by and hit he with a newspaper . ike be stunne . ext . maggie' house - dusk maggie pull into the driveway in she truck . she 's in a fine mood as she walk right in the house . int . maggie' house - dusk Bob , walter , and maggie 's grandmother julia sit in the live room . grandma be sewing one of maggie 's wedding veil . walter drink wine , ike wear a hat . walter you know , when I only see one dog , I know I have have too much to drink . Te family dog , skipper , sit near a ceramic dog table . maggie smile as she walk in the front door and put down she tool box and bag . maggie you will never guess who come crawl into town with he tail between he leg . ike ( o.s . ) who ? maggie enter the parlor to see ike smile evilly from he seat on the couch . ike ( cont would ) ( innocently ) hello , maggie . I just come by to apologize to you family . ( look to walter ) when I be wrong , I be wrong . I push a story . I make a mistake . walter in other word -- he 's only human . a he bring we a bottle of wine . raise the bottle to maggie . ike they make I put my hat back on . walter oh , yeah . scare the hell out of skipper . maggie you have get to be kid I . maggie stare at they both . bob ( enjoy the moment ) no , no , you should have see skipper . ( then , imitate growl ) it be not that funny . maggie give he a look that say , " you be not absolve . " she smile stiffly , look back at ike . she then sit on the arm of Bob 's chair and put she arm on he shoulder . maggie so , the force of good and evil have already meet . maggie take the wine bottle from the table next to walter . she snap a look to Bob , who follow she . bob I will help you take into the kitchen . grandma julia check on the crab , Bob . we overhear they murmure in annoyed tone about the wedding plan as they exit ... walter put down he drink . ike gee , I hope they do not have a fight out there . you do not think they will call it off ...? walter well , wedding cake freeze . this we know . ike you know , you daughter seem ... ike notice that he 's be sewn to the veil . grandma julia sorry . ike that 's okay , grandma . grandma cut the thread and separate the veil from ike 's sleeve . ike ( cont would ) ( continue he think ) ... like such a lovely girl . walter point to a portrait painting on the wall . walter like she mother . ike ( see the portrait ) ah , beautiful . ( get up to admire the portrait ) I just can not see she leave multiple groom in the dust like that . grandma julia oh , yes , you can . she 's have them all on tape . ike she have a tape ? walter ( good-nature ) yeah . Lee at the hotel video wedding . I mean maggie do not know she be go to make the hundred - yard dash . walter gesture to a pile of video cassettes on the bookcase . ike check on the tape . ike dad 's fishing trip , grandma 's knee operation , grandma 's birthday ... walter gotta tell you this about my daughter . my daughter make real good time , even in a long dress and heel . maggie may not be hale 's longest run joke , but she certainly be the fastest . walter crack up . grandma julia ( sarcastically ) ha ha . close on : a tape . it read : " maggie I , ii , III . " ike 's interest be more than pique . ike pick it up . they get up and go to the dining room . dissolve to : int . dinning room / maggie' house - night the family dog , skipper , steal food from the table . walter scold he . walter whacks he crab with he hammer and ike copy he . walter ( cont would ) Emma and I be only bless with one child , not for lack of try . maggie this be good , dad , do not leave anything out . ike 's hammer fly out of he hand . he go to pick it up . walter so I have come to see it as a bonus , really , that we have be able to plan , and pay for , so many wedding . maggie not this one . this one 's on I . walter react . ike that 's fair . maggie despite what you think , I do not do it on purpose . and I have no intention of do it again . bob that 's right , maggie . just keep you eye on the ball . ike raise he eyebrow in question . Bob explain . bob ( cont would ) Sports psychology . it be my major in college . ike ahh . bob ( false modesty ) I be the town 's unofficial fitness trainer . Big advocate of the mind and body combine for success . you could say or you can quote I , I be a glass half full king of guy . maggie ( boast ) Bob 's the head of the p.e. department at the high school . and he coaches the football team . and he 's climb everest . to maggie 's satisfaction , ike shoot Bob a look of begrudge respect . nobody who 's be up everest be a total clown . ike ( impressed ) everest . be that right ? maggie twice ... ike really ? maggie ( stick it to ike ) without oxygen ... bob my girl like to brag about I . Bob and maggie kiss ike two little love-bird . bob ( cont would ) I be take she trekk on annapurna on we honeymoon . ike be highly amused . ike how romantic . maggie ( sharply ) we think so . ike nothing like share you nuptial bed with two sherpas and a yak . walter crack up , maggie shoot ike a look . he smile back . CUT to : int . ike' HOTEL room / int . fisher and ellie' bedroom ( NYC ) intercut telephone conversation Fisher and ellie be exercise . Fisher be on a cycle machine . ellie do yoga stretch . ike sit back on the couch , put on he glass and watch a video tape wedding play on the tv screen . superimpose title read " Brian norris wedding . " ike ( to Fisher ; into phone ) you will not believe what I be look at , Fisher . a videotape of all three train wreck . the tv - close two flower girl and Peggy enter a crowded church where the groom , Brian , and he best man wait at the altar . now we see maggie come down the aisle , then walk past the altar . we see maggie move away another aisle and out of the church . shocked wedding guest rise in horror , as she run from this first wedding . she drag the train boy up the second aisle as she leave . ike hang up . he get up to pick up the remote and then sit back down to watch . the tape fast - forward to the next wedding . now ike be look at a much more relaxed , hipper , backyard wedding . it say , " gill Chavez wedding " . he hit the fast - forward button ( sometimes slow down ) . on tv : we see the carpenter 's backyard . it be gill and maggie 's wedding day . the yard be crowded with a mixture of hell angel - type , deadhead and townspeople . the " altar " be a band platform against the back fence . gill be wait on the platform with a rock combo play grateful Dead - type music . he make a introductory speech . maggie step out onto the back porch . she 's beautiful in a hippie-type wedding ensemble . she walk with she father to a trampoline . we can see she tattoo . she jump on the trampoline , then dive into the crowd . they watch she and body surf she over they head to the back fence . as she hit the stage , she look at Peggy and gill , then decide to go . she jump off the stage and run up to a pass guy on a dirt bike . she jump on and turn and wave as she ride away . during the video , ike scribbles : " gill Chavez " . maggie go off on dirt bike . the tape fast - forward to the last of maggie 's fiasco . on ike'stv he now see the third wedding . it 's outdoors , in a tree line area , musician play . ike laugh as he discover that maggie approach the altar on horseback , in a simple white dress , wear a crown of flower . the maid marian look . ike slow the tape . on tv : it say , " GEORGE swilling wedding " . as maggie ride down the aisle , suddenly the horse whinny ! maggie have kick it in the shin . it rear and bolt , gallop off with the bride . ike freeze frame the tape on a image of maggie , hair blow . although she be panic-stricken , she soul seem to shine through in tat single frame . as ike stare at she , the smirk fade from he face . he just look at she , allow himself to see she expression , she eye . he can not help it . she get to he . ike get a restless look on he face . he stare closely . the groom be George from the bar . ike kamikaze ! CUT to : ext . te trout bakery - the next day establish . High angle wide shot of a bakery in hale . ike exit a neighbor shop and walk down the block . he pause in front of the bakery to take a look at maggie 's truck . as he do , a middle - age Black woman walk by and whacks he with a newspaper . ike be stunne as she walk off . he turn to a man sit on a bench . ike do you see that ? CUT to : int . the trout bakery - continuous close on a group of plastic groom and bride on a counter top . mrs . trout be behind the counter help maggie with a selection of groom for she wedding cake . the groom figure be spread out on the counter . all size and color , some attach to bride , some solo , some tux , some in dinner jacket . mrs . trout this one 's very popular , but oh , you have use this one before ... Brian . but I like the white dinner jacket . maggie no , he 's no good . too blond . mrs . trout ( pick up another ) we will go with total traditional . maggie too dark . then , ike come up behind she as she discard another groom . ike but he 's get the bobster 's eye . maggie cringe at the sound of ike 's voice . ike ( cont would ) no -- the bobster 's eye be closer set . she ignore he and continue she search . ike ( cont would ) ( to Mrs. trout ) could I have two coffee , please ? and what be that wonderful smell ? ( see the cinnamon roll ) I will have two of that delicious look cinnamon roll . mrs . trout sure. ( pick up a miniature bride ) here , maggie . I think this make the best you . Mrs. trout step away to get he order . ike move to the other side of maggie and pick up the bride and groom figure . ike let 's see ... Excuse I , be not that cute ? ahh ... he make the bride figure repeatedly knock the groom figure in the head and run away scream . ike ( cont would ) bam , bam , bam , bam , bam ! oh , help I ! help I ! yup ! that 's she all right . Mrs. trout just about burst a gut laugh . maggie take the bride from ike coldly . mrs . trout you must be that Mr. Graham fellow . ike turn and go to she . ike yes , I be . and who be you ? mrs . trout Betty trout . five dollar . ike ( as he pay ) oh , Betty . I take it you be go to be make the wedding cake and they say you be throw -- mrs . trout ( interrupt ) -- the luau for maggie . she start pick lint off he sleeve and button he cuff . maggie ( all smile for Mrs. trout ) grandma make I the cutest outfit . I can not wait to show it to you . ike ( cynical delight ) a pre-wedd luau ? mrs . trout yes . my husband and I love luaus . it will be fun . Mrs. trout turn and grab ike 's bag contain two coffee . ike fun ? fun be not the word . Mrs. trout beam . maggie understand he answer a little better . Mrs. trout hand ike he item and he pay . mrs . trout if you be still in town , you should stop by . maggie no , I be sure he do not . ike ( to Mrs. trout ) actually , I would love to come . ( tap she service bell ) thank you . thank you so much . maggie step over , carry she bride and groom figure choice . maggie ( exasperate ) be that what you be go to do now ? follow I around everywhere I go ? ike smile at maggie enigmatically as he pick up he order and head for the door . ike no. he start to leave with he bag . Mrs. trout stop he . mrs . trout ( hand he the other bag ) you two cinnamon roll . ike bye , Betty . thanks . he leave . maggie he 's not a nice person . maggie hand Mrs. trout she bride and broom figure . maggie look at Mrs. trout , suddenly nervous . she dash out . Mrs. trout imitate ike bam the bride and groom , laugh . CUT to : ext . high school football field - day various High School sport team practice . maggie stride across the football field , a scowl on she face . a few high school football player job past maggie , do lap . a boy , kendall , call out to she affectionately as she pass . one of they , dennis , slow he pace to run alongside maggie . dennis ( playful ) maggie , do not marry coach ! marry I . I love you . maggie you be jail bait , Dennis . go away . run you lap . go. go. Dennis run on as maggie continue toward she goal : Bob and ike , stand together on the other side of the field . angle on bob and ike they be both stand on the block sled . Wave after wave of varsity football player ram into the sled and drive it across the field with both ike and Bob on top of it . ike be munch on one of the cinnamon roll as Bob push the kide . bob drive ! drive ! from you hip , get low , get low , get low . next ! ike smile broadly atop of the sled as he see maggie approach , look mighty peeve . he nudge Bob and point to maggie . Bob light up at the sight of she . bob ( cont would ) good job , gentleman ... special team . the football player move away from the sled . Bob move to maggie , leave ike alone . bob ( cont would ) ( to maggie ) hey , honey ! Bob kiss and embrace maggie . she do not see ike immediately , then : maggie ( indicate ike ) what be he up to now ? bob ike just come by to check out the team . ike and talk about you . ike grin and show maggie the note in he pocket . maggie Bob -- be you make friend with this man ? bob I be just brag about how great you be . I be the luckiest man alive . Bob grab maggie around the waist and smooches she adoringly . maggie scowl at ike . he nod , all charm . ike well -- I have get to get move -- lot of work to do today ! I will see you two love- bird later . ike leave . Bob call after he . bob see you at the wedding . ike you bet ya , coach . maggie be aghast . she stare at Bob . ike join in behind a line of peppy cheerleader . maggie at the wedding ? you invite he ? Bob , do not you realize he 's write another article about I ? bob sure I do . but the bet defense be a good offense , right ? you be not go to let you opponent throw you off you game . maggie you do not understand this guy . bob let he come to the wedding . you be not run , right ? say it . " I be not ... " maggie ( irritably ) I be not run . bob so if you be not run and ike Graham be there to see it , then any article he write have get to have a happy end , right ? all we be do be turn lemon into lemonade . maggie I have get news for you . no amount of sugar and water be go to turn like Graham into something you want to take on a picnic . Bob give maggie a big hug . bob where 's that homemade sunshine ? Bob blow he whistle , then put maggie on the football sled . bob ( cont would ) I want you boy to take my princess on the ride of she life ... honey , tell them where you park you car . maggie scream as the boy push she down the football field . int . confessional booth / church - day maggie kneel , hand fold reverently . the booth 's grate open before she . maggie bless I , Father , for I have sin . my last confession be ... ahh ... she try to recall . maggie ( cont would ) ... anyway , I have sort of a technical question here . I have be have -- bad thought . I mean , really bad thought ... priest of a impure nature ? maggie no -- like -- I be have a problem with that whole turn - the-other - cheek concept . I want revenge . I want to destroy this guy 's life , career , everything . on the sin scale , how big be that ? I mean , can I " hail Mary " my way out of it ? priest child , any sin in one 's heart be ... maggie ( impatient ) the name 's maggie . it be not this side of ten year ago that you have you tongue down my throat . so do not call I " child " , Brian . it annoys I . priest / brian now do not get upset . Brian close the confessional window and exit maggie ( still inside the booth ) Brian , open up . do not ignore I . Brian lean into she confessional . she step out to join he . brian you be not even Catholic , maggie -- you really should not come to confession . he 's a nice look and gentle man . they regard each other for a beat . maggie I be sorry . I be just so stress out about that slime - ball reporter be in town . I jus have to come warn you he might show up here and start ask you all kind of ridiculous question . Brian move away . maggie follow and sit in a nearby pew . brian actually , he only ask I one ridiculous question . the rest be not so bad . maggie ( slide along the pew ) what ? you talk to he ! do you tell he we date before you be a priest ? brian yes , yes , I be sure I only do you good , maggie . maggie what do he ask ? a woman , mrs . murphy , rush in . mrs . murphy Father , be I too late ? brian no , no . mrs . murphy it will not take long . jus two venial . the woman go into the confessional booth to wait . brian only respectful thing . what do we have in common back then ... what kind of music do you like ... do you ruin my life when you leave I stand at the altar ... maggie and what do you say ? brian how could I be angry at you when clearly what have happen to I be as God intend ? maggie ( relieved ) good one ! thanks . brian it happen to be how I feel . Brian sit next to maggie . maggie God ... of course . I be sorry -- I mean , I be ... ( sigh ) Brian -- I have get to go . the man 's a lunatic , but I know exactly where he 's go next . brian God bless you , maggie . she turn to rush out , then stop herself . maggie oh , wait , my purse . she move to the confessional , knock , then speak to Mrs. Murphy . maggie ( cont would ) Excuse I , sorry , forget my purse . good luck . maggie close the booth curtain and turn to Brian . maggie ( cont would ) wait -- what be the ridiculous question he ask ? Brian smile mischievously . brian he want to know how you use to like you egg . maggie weird . like after all that year you would remem -- she start to go , then stop in she track as she hear : brian ( interrupt ) -- scramble , with salt , pepper and dill . same as I . maggie look at Brian . suddenly , she remember too . maggie ( tenderly ) I be really sorry that I hurt you , Brian . brian I be happy here , where I be suppose to be . but if you ever become a Catholic , may I ask you a favor , maggie ? maggie of course . brian could you confess to Father Patrick from now on ? maggie of course . and she scamper out . Brian go back into the confessional . ext . gill garage - day maggie drive up to a old brick firehouse that be now a auto garage . the fade sign read : " gill 's garage " . int . gill garage - day maggie rush inside and look around . no one be in sight . several car , include a yellow jeep - like car up on a hydraulic lift , be in the funky garage . maggie gill ? lydia ? gill ? a crash , come from the nearby back room , we hear loud mutter in Spanish , then out stumble gill chavez , 34 , wear a grease - stain grateful Dead tie -dy T-shirt . he grin triumphantly , worshipfully cradling a cassette tape in he hand . gill hey -- I find it ! maggie regards she former fiance with patient warmth . maggie found what ? gill look up and give maggie a fond , hazy smile . gill mag ! hey , look -- the tape from the Radio City Music Hall concert -- remember that night I as try to get Jerry to let I sit in on " Ripple " ? he pull out the cassette from its case . it 's break . the tape be dangle from the cassette . gill ( cont would ) ( disappointed ) oh , I will play it for you . gill pick up a electric guitar and start to play . maggie ( shout over the music ) listen , gill -- there 's this reporter who 's ben make my life a live hell ... if he come by here , do not talk to he . and whatever yo do .... ( cross to gill ) ... do not show he that picture of I at the concert in San Francisco -- suddenly , a loud chuckling emanate from the car overhead . maggie ( cont would ) what be that ? maggie stop gill from play . she shoot she ex a angry glare and move a lever on the shop wall . with a hum , the car descend . gill we go to San Francisco twice . remember one time we have a flat tire ... which picture ? as the hydraulic lift slow , the car be lower , revealing ike sit in the driver 's seat . he have be enjoy the photograph he 's hold . ike ( feign shock ) imagine ! maggie carpenter topless in a public arena . ( check photo again ) and I see there be a chill in the air . maggie swipe for the photo , but ike be faster at pull it away . maggie give I that ! ike but the most interesting thing here be that I do not see the rise tattoo that I have hear about on you back . gill take off he guitar and set it down . gill ike bet I fifty buck you do not still have it , mag . I say " you be on , man ! maggie love that thing ! " and I could really use fifty buck . maggie be conspicuously silent . gill ( cont would ) ( look worried ) mag ? maggie I be not gonna show you guy anything . I be a soon - to- be-marry woman . now give I that photograph . maggie seethes . ike sure , I would love to give this to you . just give we one quick gander at that rise , and , I will gladly hand it over . she try to grab the photo again . ike pull it away . maggie Fine . here . maggie quickly turn around and pull down the back of she shirt , revealing the top of she back and a pristine expanse of skin . no tattoo . maggie ( cont would ) ( turn back around ) satisfied ? ike completely . gill be still try to grasp the meaning of this . gill maggie ? you get it remove ? ike gill , I will go ya double or nothing if be a stick - on . gill ( dismay ) maggie ? maggie ( admit ) I be really , really afraid of needle ... it do not make I a bad person . ike laugh . maggie look at he with rage . gill dramatically pull down the front of he t-shirt . gill look . there it be on gill 's chest : the rise tattoo . maggie sigh , pain . gill show it to ike . ike look at the tattoo . he shake he head at maggie . ike ( sincerely ) look , look , man . I think the man be heartbroken . maggie he be not ! maggie move the lever on the wall again , send ike back up to the ceiling in the car . she grab the photo from ike and exit . gill I think I be . gill grab he guitar and sit . gill ( cont would ) hey , ike , what would Jerry do ? the hydraulic lift stop move . ike lean out . ike Jerry . he would play . he would play ... Jerry would play he heart out . ike sing and tap along in tempo on the side of the car as gill sing and play " Ripple " . CUT to : ext . HOTEL porch - next day , saturday morning as maggie drive into town with Peggy , they see ike on porch with sheriff , police chief and mail man , all play instrument as a blue band . ike be not bad on slide guitar . they all like ike . maggie " chuffas " with Peggy and move on . ext . softball field - later that day close on : the slow , loopy pitch of a softball . a bat connect . new angle : a big wholesome man , cory , run for first base . he just beat out the throw . Bob , act as umpire , yell , " safe ! " happy , cory turn to the stand and wave . angle on : maggie and Peggy , cheer loudly . Peggy try to whoop harder than maggie , but that would be tough . from fir base , cory wave back to they . the two woman sit back down and maggie take back up with they conversation . maggie be still al steam up . maggie okay , he 's on base . can we talk about my life now ? -- ike 's go to turn that tattoo stuff into a big deal -- that I be never serious about gill , blah blah . he 's totally out to get I . peggy for what reason ? some personal satisfaction ? maggie that 's what he say , but if he think that I do not realize he 's write another article , then he 's a idiot . peggy it 's probably because you get he fire . maggie ( sarcastic ) ya think ? peggy not that he do not deserve to get fire ... look ! cory 's go for second !... sneaky ! angle on : cory as he run for second base and with a slide beat the throw for the force out . the woman jump and cheer -- maggie , again , the most boisterous . angle on : Dennis recognize ike as he walk up . Dennis tell ike that he be go to marry maggie some day and show ike where maggie be sit . angle on : maggie spot ike as they sit back down . she groan . maggie there he be . snoop doggy-dogg . peggy where ? maggie over there . ten o'clock . he 's talk to we little Dennis . Dennis will turn into one of that " source say " thing . peggy he look better with that stuff out of he hair . he 's a attractive man . ike find maggie in the crowd and leave Dennis . maggie I would say you have be in the sun too long . you handle he , okay ? I could use five minute off from that creep . before Peggy can protest , maggie climb down off the bleacher and go and stand near the dugout near the rest of cory 's team . peggy okay , that 's fine . I can do that . ike come up to Peggy . ike hello , Peggy phleme , " not the ice-skater " . ike indicate the seat next to Peggy . peggy ( protest weakly ) that 's maggie 's seat ... ike sit down comfortably . ike ... and this be maggie 's beer . he start drink it . on the field , cory be get ready to steal third . ike ( cont would ) that you husband out there ? cory phleme , a local radio announcer . peggy have you listen to he morning show , " wake up with ballplayer " ? ike not yet . I have a phlemless morning . I hear he 's a pretty good ballplayer . peggy this game be pretty important to he . he make all - star in high school , you know . ike that must have make you proud . Peggy take a small sip off she soda . peggy he be go with maggie back then . ( quickly ) he be never one of she ... I mean , they be never go to get ... they just date for a while . cory dive in for third and make it . the crowd go wild . Peggy yell and jump in . peggy ( cont would ) good job , honey ! but maggie 's whoop sail out above it all . cory wave . but not at Peggy . he direct he delight at maggie , who jump up and down by the dugout . ike look between cory , maggie and finally , Peggy . Peggy jerk she wave hand back down to she side and sit down . ike pretend not to have notice . the two watch as maggie and cory smile at each other . ike it 's nice that they be still friend . peggy ( look at maggie and cory ) oh , sure . that be a long time ago . see , she 's not a man-hater at all . she 's very supportive of man ... next batter hit one to deep leave field and it land in the grave yard . cory score , greet by maggie . ike and Peggy watch as cory and maggie belly - bump and high - five each other in celebration of cory 's play . no look at Peggy . ike keep a empathetic silence , see that Peggy be truly hurt . peggy ( cont would ) I will be back in a second . suddenly , Peggy stand , push past he and run down the step . maggie look up just in time to catch Peggy 's exit . ike pull he tape recorder out of he pocket and start speak into it . maggie shoot ike a accuse look , walk up to he in the bleacher and sit next to he . maggie you have be here for three minute . what do you do to she ? ike you can turn that finger around . ike do a on-the-button imitation of maggie jump excitedly at cory . now maggie see what he 's get at . maggie ( defensive ) you misinterpret everything . we have all be friend we whole life . but that 's the type of relationship you would not understand . ike obviously , I be not the only one who do not understand it . the USS maggie leave quite a wake ... Excuse I . ike walk away . alone , maggie try to seem enthuse . maggie see , I cheer good . what be he , a cheer critic ? ext . / int . STREET / bar - later - dusk sitting in front of Inn hale bar , we see the bartender pantomime hold the rein of a wildly gallop horse . we have see something like this before . maggie 's wild ride away from she last wedding . ike laugh with bartender just as maggie drive by the bar and see this . maggie ( to herself ) this guy never stop . int . atlantic HOTEL - night maggie walk up to the front desk of the hotel , where Lee be sleep with he foot up . she knock he foot off the counter . maggie Lee , hey , wake up . give I the key to the reporter 's room . I want to snoop around . lee ( hand she the key ) okay . second floor . maggie thanks . lee do not take anything big . maggie move up the stair towards ike 's room . int . atlantic HOTEL - hallway - moment later maggie walk towards ike 's room , check that no one see she and enter . int . ike' HOTEL room - continuous maggie let herself in the modest room and turn on the light on . she spot on audio cassette on the desk near the door . she hold the cassette up to the light to read the hand - write label . it say " mile Davis " on it . she pocket the tape . she walk to the live room . maggie' Pov : ike have place post-it on a frame picture , use the frame as a bulletin board . Post - it note lay out the information he have gather under heading and subheadings . Parents " mother " decease , subhead by " walter " and there be one for " Brian " , " gill " , and " Bob " . maggie smile and shake she head . she rip one post - it down and read it to herself . maggie ( read ) " how do she get all this guy to propose ? she 's not that beautiful . " ( snort ) bite I , paper boy . she begin rip many of other post - it off the picture frame . maggie ( cont would ) ( as she take post - its ) rude ... she 's rip they down , fast and furious , then shove they in she shoulder bag . int . atlantic HOTEL hallway - continuing ike come down hallway as harvey put he shoe out to be shine . back inside the room maggie , look around , discover the wedding video on the coffee table and grab that , too . maggie ( cont would ) thief ! the SOUND of a key in the door make maggie jump . she flee to the bathroom , and shut and lock the door . just as ike enter , he sniff and look around the room , instantly know something be up . he see all he note go and a glimpse of maggie as she close the bathroom door . ike be steaming . a bump sound from the bathroom . he go over to the door and try the handle . it 's lock . he start to pound on the door . ike all right , I know you be in there ... you steal my research ... you be mess with the first amendment now . open up . open up . you get no place to go . int . ike' HOTEL bathroom - continuing ike 's wrong . maggie be already try to open the first bathroom window . it 's stick . she climb over the bathtub , open that window and start to climb out . ike I want to have a very serious discussion with you as to why you be such a pain in the ass . we hear ike slamm he body against the bathroom door . as ike break in , he run to the window and yell after she . ext . ike' HOTEL window - continuous ike ( cont would ) that 's break and enter . I will call the sheriff . maggie you do that . and remind he he 's bring the wine to the luau . thanks . she disappear around the ledge of the building and run off . ike 's neighbor , harvey , sit read near he window . CUT to : ext . maggie' house - night establish . int . maggie' house - night close on : a cassette player . we see the familiar handwritten label : " mile Davis . " " kind of Blue " play as maggie listen in a chair , look shell - shocked , surround by the post - its she steal from ike 's room . we see as she read they : " Father , two - fisted drinker , " " Peggy , best friend , but Peggy do not totally trust maggie , " " Bob " -- do not love he . overwhelm , she finish read the last note , lean back , put she foot up on the table , deep in the mood of the melancholy music . the camera move on the last note on the floor next to she chair . it read : " show no remorse " . fade to black . fade in : ext . MAIN STREET / beauty parlor - next day it 's early morning . Mrs. pressman hand Peggy a cup of coffee to go . Peggy walk to the beauty parlor , unlock the front door and go in . int . beauty parlor - day Peggy enter and start about she open duty . she turn on the light and turn and see she friend , maggie . maggie do you think I flirt with cory ? Peggy stop in she track . maggie be sit curl up in a salon chair . she look like she have not sleep . peggy good morning to you , too . you look good . maggie thank you . do you think I flirt with cory ? peggy yes . maggie look miserable . maggie I do not mean it . Peggy move to the salon mirror near maggie with she cup of coffee . peggy I know . I think sometimes you just sort of spaz - out with random excess flirtation energy and it just land on anything male that move . maggie on anything male that move ? as oppose to anything male that do not move ? Peggy pour she coffee out of its styrofoam cup into a ceramic mug . peggy like certain kind of coral . Peggy sit in the salon chair next to maggie . maggie I be go to kill myself . peggy why ? maggie because you think I be all like ... " hey man , check I out " . peggy ( friendly ) no , I do not think you be like , " I be charming and mysterious in a way that even I do not understand and something about I be cry out for protection from a big man like you " . very hard to compete with . especially to we marry woman who have lose we mystery . maggie but you have not lose you mystery ! you be very mysterious ! peggy no. I be weird . weird and mysterious be two different thing . maggie but I be weird . peggy no . you be quirky . quirky and weird be two different thing . maggie Peggy , there 's distinct possibility that I might be profoundly and irreversibly screw up . despite that , I love you and I can promise that I will no longer flirt with cory , and I beg you forgiveness . maggie look ready to cry . peggy I be not worried about you and cory or cory and I or even that you be irreversibly screw up . but , maggie , you have be like this since we be kid . and I think now that you be aware of it and that it hurt people 's feeling , maybe it 's time to move on with you life and commit to someone of you own , like Bob , if he 's the one . maggie I think you be right . ( then ) be there anything I can do to make it up to you ? peggy something that bring warmth to my heart . ( pause ) duckbill platypus . maggie it 's only funny at Camp birchwood at three in the morning at a tick hunt . it 's not anymore . maggie make she funny face . Peggy do not laugh . peggy you be right . it 's not funny now . maybe we both grow up . maggie thanks . will you fix my hair ? CUT to : ext . maggie' house - later that morning maggie exit she house , get on she bike and ride off towards town . int . ike' HOTEL room - later that morning ike be still in bed . he slowly blink awake , stretch , and be about to throw off the cover when maggie 's voice break the silence . maggie freeze . hold on to that cover -- I do not come here to see ike junior . maggie smile cheerfully at ike from the foot of the bed . he narrow he eye at she . ike I take it the desk clerk be one of you many admirer . maggie ( deadpan ) how do I do it ? I be not that beautiful . ike notice maggie be hold two coffee . ike coffee . now . maggie hand it to he . maggie you be welcome . you note make interesting bedtime read -- if you like trashy fiction . you observation be distort , ungrounded a incomplete . you must be very proud . ike I be not a boastful man . what 's you point ? ike put a shirt on as maggie speak . maggie my point be that one again , you be get it all wrong . that will not improve you reputation any , and it 's not very flatter to I either . so , I be go to give you a chance to write the truth . ike really . maggie turn away from he as he dress . maggie I have decide to cooperate and let you interview I . ( beat ) for a thousand buck . ike clear he throat as he stand put he pants on . maggie ( cont would ) I want a big wedding and a killer dress and for a grand I will answer all you question and let you follow I around . ike take he coffee with he as he pick up he glass , put they on and cross to the window . ike my magazine do not pay because for storey . it 's not what you call ethical . maggie oh , but make up the fact as you go along be ethical ? actually , I mean you . you probably get severance or expense or both . I will take you check . no credit card . ike ( to maggie ) you have see the post-it . I have already get more juicy material than I need . why should I pay you dollar one ? maggie because I think you be write on spec and with a first person interview , you might actually sell that thing . ike know she 's right . ike too much . maggie seven-fifty . ike five hundred . maggie six-fifty . ike done . scowl , he write out the check and hand it to she . maggie look at it and smile sweetly . CUT to : ext . maggie' house - day ike jog alongside of maggie on she bike . maggie park she bike and they go inside she door to the house . int . maggie' foyer and stair - day maggie lead ike upstairs to she workroom . maggie pardon the mess . I have not clean since the fifth grade . int . maggie' workroom - later insert on a cappuccino machine . we pull back and see maggie and ike stand at she work table . a automatic cappuccino maker stand on the table . its base be make from a use paint mixing machine . it look very shiny and futuristic . maggie 's logo " mag " be on the side . the machine shake as it steam the cappuccino . ike notice another homemade machine on the table . ike ( cont would ) what 's this over here ? maggie it 's a birthday present for my cousin . put you finger in . ike Cindy the manicurist . he put he finger in the wrong hole of the machine . maggie no , the other one . he put he finger in the correct hole . she turn it on . the brushes rotate . ike ( laugh ) this be wonderful . you reconfigure all this industrial part and you do something amazing with it . he look around and spot some gadget and lamp on another table . he walk to they . ike ( cont would ) amazing . found industrial stuff . Willow lamp ... rasta lamp ... he pick up one of the many logo on the counter . each boast a " mag " logo . ike ( cont would ) be this you prefer logo ? maggie I think so . ike I like it . this whole thing be pretty incredible . ( study a lamp ) I think you could probably sell this lamp idea in New York . maggie maybe someday . ike you afraid to try ? maggie ( stare at he ) no , I be not afraid . just ... maybe someday . ike well , I be impressed . absolutely incredible . ( sit ) I do not expect pink and lacy , but this be not exactly a woman 's room . maggie what a incredible chauvinistic observation . int . maggie' live room - a bit later that day maggie 's show ike engagement ring . maggie that 's brian' . he take I ut canoe on the lake and give I the ring in a velvet box . ike snore . maggie hit he . maggie ( cont would ) ( defensive ) it be classic . maggie hand ike another ring . this one be in the shape of a grateful Dead rise . maggie ( cont would ) gill . of course . he propose at the tie-dye t-shirt stand at a Dead concert . it be very sweet until he hallucinate that the drum set be a blood-suck space alien . ike always a mood killer . maggie still sweet . maggie hand ike a third ring . it 's in the shape of a butterfly and studd with multi-color gem . maggie ( cont would ) George . he propose at a butterfly farm in St. Thomas . the ring be inside a cocoon . ike ( grimace ) it 's a little " silence of the lamb " for I . I can not believe you wait for the wedding to run . maggie he 's a entomologist ! I think it be very unique . now maggie show ike the ring on she hand . it 's a gold " # 1 " with a diamond set into the number . maggie ( cont would ) and here we be at Bob . he propose during the seventh inning stretch ... ike touch she hand to examine the ring more closely . her surprise at he touch show on she face as she finish she sentence . maggie ( cont would ) ... at a oriole 's game . she take she hand down . ike step away . ike wait . do not tell I . the scoreboard light up with " Mary I , maggie . " ike pick up he cup of cappuccino and move behind the couch . maggie it be one of the most wonderful moment of my life . Cal ripken even applaud . ike ( stop ) highly suspect . maggie what do you mean ? it be incredibly romantic ! ike maybe it 's just I , but -- if you get to dress it up , it do not ring true . ike move back to the couch . ike ( cont would ) I think the most anybody can honestly say be , " look ... " ( sit on the arm of the couch ) " I guarantee that we will have tough time . I guarantee that at some point one or both of we will want to get out of this thing . but I also guarantee that if I do not ask you to be mine , I will regret it for the rest of my life . because I know in my heart -- you be the only one for I " maggie stare at ike for a beat . his word have take a little bit of she breath away . she cover . maggie I like it . she move from the fireplace to a chair and sit . maggie ( cont would ) I would like it better on a scoreboard . ( lightly ) be that how you propose when you ask you wife to marry you ? ike be take aback . maggie ( cont would ) do not look so surprised , you have get divorce write all over you . ike I be a work in progress . maggie so ? be that what you say to she ? ike no . I think I say something eloquent like , " so , uh -- maybe we should , ya know . what do you think ? " maggie now that 's romantic . a proposal like that and you do not find eternal bliss ? what go wrong ? ike take a swallow of cappuccino . ike I do not know . maggie you do not know . ike no. maggie maybe you should ask she some time . ever think of that ? ike be restless . he stand up . ike call I crazy , but I believe that check I give you entitle I to ask the question for a while . ike put down he cup of coffee , get he tape recorder and sit close to maggie . maggie Fair enough . ( think a beat ) actually ... maggie move to tv . she pick up ike 's steal post - it note and she wedding video on top of the tv , and go to the front door . maggie ( cont would ) I will just need one more day to make sure you check clear . ike ow ! dissolve to : ext . hale STREET - the next day ike and maggie drive in maggie 's truck . they pull up in front of a bridal shop . a spectacular dress fill the small window . it 's beautiful , romantic , sexy . maggie and ike can be see in the reflection . maggie even with everything that 's happen I have still never be marry and I still deserve a beautiful dress . ike agreed . maggie give ike a smile that light up the sky . they go inside . int . bridal shop - day the place be fairly large and prosperous , probably the place to go in the tri-county area . a little flower girl , 10 , be be fitte on the pedestal in the middle of the room . a saleswoman , polly , have take the flower girl under she wing . they be both under the expert eye of a stern look woman , mrs . whittenmeyer , the shop owner . also , the girl 's mother be there watch . polly ( to the mother ) she will be the prettiest little flower girl in you daughter 's wedding . maggie Mr. whittenmeyer . hi , polly ! the flower girl see maggie and run and hide behind polly . polly hi , maggie . you will have to excuse she , maggie . some of the child be afraid of you since you drag that little boy up the aisle . maggie I do not drag . ( then to the girl ) he trip on he shoelace . Mrs. whittenmeyer come forward to greet maggie . mrs . whittenmeyer you have come for you dress . good ! I will get it from the back . maggie lead she to the front window . maggie ( happily ) actually , I would like to get this dress . she point to the dress . she smile back to Mrs. whittenmeyer , expect she to share she joy . Mrs. whittenmeyer darken . mrs . whittenmeyer ( to polly ) polly , take Leslie into change . ( then , to maggie ) but the one you have on hold be lovely . maggie ( pleasantly ) yes . but I have change my mind . mrs . whittenmeyer it 's one thousand dollar . maggie be keenly aware of ike listen in . maggie I have one thousand dollar . mrs . whittenmeyer ( firmly ) the other one be only three hundred dollar . maggie lower she voice , hope to lessen the humiliation of the moment . maggie be this dress for sale ? mrs . whittenmeyer it just seem like a awful lot of money to spend on one of you dress , maggie ... you only wear they for about ten minute . ike watch with regret as maggie 's child - like enthusiasm drain away , she happy mood crush by the tactless assault of the shop owner . he 's start to see that it 's no always easy be maggie . there 's a tremor in she voice . maggie yeah , that 's a good point . ( then , sit ) the other dress be nice . ike call out to Mrs. whittenmeyer . ike Mrs. whittenmeyer . May I talk to you for a second ? she walk over to he . ike ( cont would ) I do not know much about this kind of thing . I be from out of town . you be a salesperson , right ? you be here to sell wedding dress . mrs . whittenmeyer ( huffy ) yes . I have be here for thirty year . ike perfect . because miss carpenter be here to buy one . but not just any one . she want that one . mrs . whittenmeyer it 's a thousand dollar ! ike go over and take the mannequin out of the window . Mrs. whittenmeyer catch the wig as he put the mannequin under he arm . ike ( cont would ) look , aunt Bea , we be buy this beautiful dress and anything else she want or I be come back here with a squirt gun fill with India ink . Mrs. whittenmeyer wilt under ike 's fierce gaze . she turn to maggie . mrs . whittenmeyer will he really do that ? maggie give she a look . mr. whittenmeyer ( cont would ) ( to maggie ) well , why do not you pick out some accessory while I get this ready , dear . polly , will you come help I , please ? polly come to help carry the mannequin away . angle on polly and mrs . whittenmeyer : polly ( whisper to Mrs. whittenmeyer ) it 's a thousand dollar . mrs . whittenmeyer shhhh ! the man have ink ! maggie look gratefully at ike . ike tough to spend money in this town . time CUT : a few minute later : ike sit as he hear maggie 's voice behind he . maggie ( o.s . ) what do you think ? ike turn around . maggie be stand on the pedestal , wear the dress and look unbelievably gorgeous . she be overwhelming to behold and ike have to struggle to keep he face under control . ike ( stammer ) you look ... uh ... you look fine . maggie Fine . the newspaper 's upside down . that 's better than fine . ike Bob will be very happy . she glow . then the moment between they be break as she suddenly remember something and grab the veil off she head . maggie Bob ! I almost forget ! I have to meet Bob ! int . diner - day this be a great place -- a major hub of social life in hale . the food be greasy and good , Mrs. pressman be the waitress , and the crowd the essence of what be wonderful about a small town . Bob , maggie and ike sit on the counter . Mrs. pressman chuff about the luau , then move around the corner . bob Mrs. pressman , I think we be ready to order . mrs . pressman we be out the special because somebody ... ( indicate cook with head ) ... do not order enough sausage . bob let I have the garden omelette . Egg white only . ike look at maggie . he would bet a thousand buck on what she would say next . maggie I will have the same . ike ( clear he throat ) of course . maggie what be that ? I can not order my egg without sarcasm ? bob neutral corner you two . you be on the same team now . any more fight and it 's fifteen minute in the penalty box . ( gently , to ike ) maggie 's the nicest person you will ever meet . but she 's always focus out there . she 's get to start focus more in here . ( tap he chest ) that 's why she 's have some -- whatever you want to call it -- problem in the past . ( to maggie ) that 's what we be work on -- focus . right , maggie ? focus on maggie . focus on Bob . as Bob have be talk , ike have be watch maggie 's face . the joy seem to have drain out of she . maggie ( quietly ) right . bob ( to ike ) I lead maggie through a visualization exercise . all the sport shrink use this head stuff . visualize the end zone , if you catch my drift . Bob take out a notepad and hand it to maggie . bob ( cont would ) here 's today 's mantra : " it 's a open field to Big Bob . " ike tell I . when you get to the altar , will you spike the bouquet ? maggie you know , there 's no ... before maggie can finish , ike intercept she . ike well , I be off . a reporter 's work be never do . ( head to the door ) Mrs. pressman , thank you . mrs . pressman tootaloo . int . atlantic HOTEL - moment later grandma julia ( v.o. ) I would like to explain about the wedding . there be reason why they do not come off . Three wedding , no " I do 's " . you can not believe how much cake we be leave with . I should weigh three hundred pound . I do not think she father minded spend so much money on booze that nobody drank . we hear grandma as through the hotel door , we see maggie exit the diner . she get a bag from inside the cab of she truck and come inside the hotel where she find ike talk to grandma , who be have tea with she friend , netta . maggie ike ... hi , grandma . ike Gram here be go to give I the skinny on why you run from marital bliss . grandma julia right , cover you ear , netta . it 's not that she 's afraid of the wedding , she 's afraid of the wedding night . innocent girl be terrify of " the one - eye snake " . ( get into it ) why , when I be a virgin bride , I take a knitting needle with I into the bed ... ike wince . maggie actually , grandma , I charme the one - eye snake awhile ago . grandma julia oh , yeah , I forget . I will tell you one thing , you grandpa do not forget that wedding night . ( no netta ) you can take you hand off you ear , netta . you tea 's get cold . maggie can you excuse we a minute ? ( then to ike ) May I have a word with you , please ? maggie move toward door . ike bye , netta ... bye , grandam . he step over to maggie in the doorway . maggie I find this and do not know if it be something interesting . maggie hand ike a 30 - year - old lp : mile Davis ' " kind of Blue . " ike ( excited ) oh , my God -- it 's mile Davis . this be " King of Blue " ! this be the original recording . hard to find in good condition . where do you find this ? maggie ( casual ) it be in the attic . it be jus sit there gather dust . ike it 's valuable . hang onto it . maggie no . you take it . she step outside , leave ike with the record . ike hmmm ... figure out what kind of music I like and then find I a rare album . you be not try to soften I up , be you ? maggie no -- I be clean a attic . I would not attempt the impossible . she turn and walk back to the diner where Mrs. pressman be outside water plant . ike look after maggie and then back down at the record in he hand . somehow it make he sad . CUT to : int . ike' car - later that day ike drive through hale gobble french fries from the fast food bag in he lap . ike pass the inn hale bar , same dump of a tavern he talk to bartender at . angle on : maggie' car park a few car down . he pull over and park . he get out and speak into he tape recorder . int . / ext . the inn hale bar -- day ike approach the window of the bar . there 's a drunk man and a dog sit outside . Inside , we see two figure from the back , arm around each other . one be definitely maggie . the other be definitely not Bob . maggie ( coax ) c'mon . let 's go . as maggie help the man get up , we see that it 's walter , maggie 's father -- dead drunk . walter ( belligerently ) I have not have any fun since you get you driver 's license ... they stumble and lurch , exite the bar toward maggie 's car . maggie I be not exactly have fun , either ... steady . walter ( to Dog ) good boy , Port hole . maggie his name be skipper , dad ... steady . walter I change it . ( then to drunk ) see you later , Mr. Travis . ( then to maggie ) that guy have a problem ... maggie , you can run everyone 's life but you own . maggie 's have trouble keep he steady as she open the car door . ike be there in a flash to help she pull walter into the car . walter ( cont would ) good daughter let they father pass out . walter pass out on the front seat . maggie ( without difficulty ) ike ... please do not write anything about this -- ike no. forget about it . do not even think about it . maggie look at he with real gratitude . she swing the car door shut . maggie watch you leg , dad. ( then to ike ) I be so tired of this . ike why do not you let he sleep it off in the trunk . I will take you for a ride . then we will come back for he . ( to drunk on bench ) keep a eye on he . drunk man I be too load . ike I be talk to the dog. ( turn to maggie ) all right ? maggie think about this for a moment . she take a deep breath . maggie okay ... I will just grab my jacket . CUT to : ext . road - late dusk to night establish of ike 's car drive . int . ike' car - late dusk to night maggie and ike ride along . ike my dad manage a business and two mistress . he want I to be a novelist . more ? maggie nod , ike ( cont would ) my mother want I to become a musician . 0 for two . but at least I be a journalist and we all know journalism be literature in a hurry . ext . ike' car - country road - night ike and maggie stare forward . both seem in melancholy mood . they be beginning to sense they be in trouble here . suddenly , the car falter and jerk . it show to a stop on the shoulder of the road . the car backfire and smoke . ext . ike' car - country road - night ike and maggie sit in the steaming car for a moment . maggie you filter 's clogge . this take unlead . ike can you fix it ? maggie first I have to find some tool . I need a half and a nine-six - tenth . ike ( remove he glass ) of what ? maggie ( in amazement ) wrench . my dad 's gonna love that one . maggie slam the food close . ike kind of isolate . maggie yeah . it 's kind of nice . a uncomfortable silent pause . ike break the moment . ike there 's one thing we New yorker know how to do be hail a cab . if there 's no cab , we walk . ike stare off down the road . maggie indicate a building in the distance , then turn off the car light . maggie I can get some tool over there .... and save the battery ... there 's one thing we country girl know how to do be cut across a field . it 's quick . maggie point diagonally across the field to where a gas station sign glow and the light from the outer house twinkle . he smile and follow she into the field . maggie ( cont would ) be careful of snake . ike snake ? be you serious ? I do not like snake . I have never even see a snake . he step carefully into the field , then hop gingerly toward maggie . moment later maggie lead ike through a cornfield . maggie do you think there 's only one right person for everybody ? ike choose he word carefully . ike no . but I think attraction be too often mistaken for rightness . attraction be very misleading . and if it 's mutual , it 's well , terribly distracting . maggie yes it be . and it do not mean anything . ike nod as they come to a wooden fence . she put she hand on he shoulder . ike put he hand around she wait to give she a boost over the top . we see the flicker of misunderstanding cross maggie 's face at the initial contact . neither of they move -- forward or back , but the electricity be obvious . angle on : ike . his conflict feeling be apparent . with difficulty , maggie straighten up and they both quickly remove they hand . maggie ( cont would ) ( lightly ) I suddenly forget how to climb a fence . they look at each other for a moment , then : maggie and ike ( break the moment jokingly ) " tool " . she climb over the fence on she own and ike follow . they see a old guy , lionel , whittling on a porch . maggie ( cont would ) lionel , can I borrow some tool ? ike yeah , we need a half and nine - sixteenths . lionel gonna bust out of another wedding ? ike you be sure well know around here . ext . fisher and ellie' build - the next day establish shot . int . fisher and ellie' kitchen ( NYC ) - day int . ike' HOTEL room - day intercut between two location : ike sit on he bed , on the phone , work and eat he breakfast . he 's watch maggie 's wedding tape again . Fisher be cooking a elaborate breakfast . ellie rush around get ready for work . he be on the phone to ike . fisher ( into phone ) yes , well , my theory be that she may be run because she get attention ... negative attention be attention . like when woman whack you on the street because of you column , that 's negative attention . ike ( v.o. ) this be about she negative attention , not mine . do you get the reimbursement for the dress yet ? fisher ( into phone ) no , I be pay for the dress . do you think she 's still gonna run ? ike ( v.o. ) I do not know . ellie enter the kitchen , hear the question and shake she head to herself . if only this boy would give it up . int . ike' HOTEL room - continuous he be find it very hard to gloat . Fisher be annoying he . ike ( into phone ) look -- I will be in there later today . I will come by and tell you all about it . fisher ( v.o. ) you be come here ? ike ( into phone ) yeah . fisher ( v.o. ) then come for dinner . ike ( into phone ) okay , we will order out . fisher ( v.o. ) order out like a philistine , when you get the galloping gourmet here ?... ike hang up and watch more of the George swill wedding video . int . new york bar - day the bar from the open scene . GEORGE swilling , the same man ike talk to before , be sit on a stool , nursing he drink . he look better . ike enter . George look up and recognize ike , who take the bar stool next to he . ike get this man a kamikaze . GEORGE splendid dissection of maggie carpenter , very professional job . ike sit and lean over to George . ike ( whisper ) you could have tell I you be fiance number three . GEORGE and end up in the papers ? I have be humiliate enough already to last a lifetime , thank you . I be sorry she get you can . ike thanks . GEORGE she 's a cacophony of contradiction . ike well , I be write another article on the cacophony . GEORGE ah , can not stay away from she , can you ? like a moth to a flame . ike guess you would know about that . you be a entomologist , right ? how 's business ? GEORGE ( take a sip of he drink ) not bad . I be travel around study the reproductive and migratory pattern of locust when maggie meet I . ike ( sarcastic ) neuter a locust , feed the world . gorge not the world . just Africa and China . ike wipe the smirk off he face . like maggie 's other man , this guy have a worthy accomplishment under he belt . GEORGE ( cont would ) you know maggie be the only girl I ever meet who would hold my tarantula . on the first date . ike ( cont would ) so , tell I , George , why do you think she run ? GEORGE same as you say . what do you call she ? a " man -eater " , " a devour death goddess . " ike I do not think that 's why she run . GEORGE why do you think she run ? ike sip he drink before answer . ike I do not know . I be work on it . I be on the wrong track . GEORGE and you defend she ? ike no . I call it like I see it . I be a journalist . I be a truth teller . GEORGE unbelievable , she get to you . ike oh , please ! gorge join the club . ( pass he he drink ) here , you need this more than I . George head out . ike ( protect , take he tape recorder out of he pocket ) I be write a article , I be get pay to do this , it 's go to be a cover story , it 's go to be publish ... the fact will be read someday . as George pause in the doorway , ike hold up he tape recorder . ike ( cont would ) what kind of egg do she like ? GEORGE poached , just like I . George exit . CUT to : ext . new york STREET / fisher and ellie' build - day ike walk down a street toward ellie and Fisher . CUT to : int . fisher and ellie' apartment ( NYC ) - night ellie be on the phone as Fisher enter with beer . ike sit at the piano . fisher ( sarcastically ) overpriced nice apartment and chinese takeout . that 's New York live . ellie ( into phone ) ... just call I when you have it . ( hang up , then to Fisher ) ike , how be the story come ? be she a man-eater ? fisher or a vegetarian ? ellie or do she pick " ngb be " -- " Nice guy , but ... " Nice guy , but I be cheap . Nice guy , but he life with he mom ... Nice guy , but he just out of prison . ike no ... they be interesting guy . each one of this guy have something go for he . I mean , one 's be up everest . another 's become a priest . one 's a pretty good guitar player . and this guy today try to end world hunger , if you can believe that ... fisher whoa , ike . get a complex , buddy ? ellie Fisher , let he talk . ike ( sit ) but one of that guy -- not one of they -- know she at all . each one be convinced that she be perfect for they , but they do not see she . and she never show up so they could not see she . it 's a very symbolic thing happen . she become what she think they want to be . Fisher do not like the sound of this . he glance at ellie , who be look very interested . fisher ( in shock ) ike be turn sensitive and I can not bear to watch . I be go to make a fresh pot of tea . the phone ring as Fisher exit . ike go to the piano as ellie pick up the phone . ellie ( into phone ) yeah ... oh , jay ... okay ... bye. ( hang up , then yell to Fisher ) Fisher , do not forget the fortune cookie . she join ike at the piano . ike get serious . ike be that what I do to you ? be that what happen ? do I just not see you ? ellie no . no , you do not . he hug she . ike ( heartfelt ) well -- I be sorry , I be really sorry , ellie . ellie I be sorry , too . ( beat ) wow . that only take we between year to say . ellie blink back sentimental tear . CUT to : ext . trout be barn - the next night we hear Hawaiian music . we see a truck with guest drive up and hula dancers through barn slat . int . trout be barn - night it 's a small barn that 's be convert into a luau with a bar . a band play for two hula dancer . the trout have decorate it as a little slice of Hawaii . there be tiki light , numerous rent plastic palm tree and fiberglass copy of Hawaiian statuary . string of color light crisscross the ceiling . it look like a Hawaiian high school gym on prom night . maggie 's family , Mrs. trout and people we have already meet , and more , be here , milling around wit tropical drink garnish with umbrella . plastic leis abound and most people have manage to find they old Hawaiian shirt . as we come in , the hula dancer finish they applause and Mrs. trout announce . hula dancer stop . lou trout welcome to we annual country luau . as you know , Betty and I get marry on the rim of the crater , diamond head . mrs . trout ( grab the microphone ) this year , we be dedicate we first dance to the soon - to - be newlywed , the King and Queen of Hawaii , maggie and Bob . the couple enter . Bob be a goody bronze god in he King kamahamela outfit . maggie be spectacular in she authentic look Hawaiian princess get-up . but she face reflect none of the festivity around she . every now and then , she look up and glance around for ike , hat herself for it . mrs . trout ( cont would ) King and Queen , dance . maggie and Bob start to dance as the Quarter sing " aloha oe . " mrs . trout ( cont would ) everybody dance . everybody dance . time out : maggie and Bob pose for picture with some of the guest . mrs . trout picture of the King and Queen . Dennis pose with maggie . cory pose with bob. Mrs. trout run out of film and go to get more , leave Peggy and maggie alone . Peggy whisper to maggie . peggy lighten up , wahine . maggie lighten up , what ? peggy this party be for you and Bob . get you mind off the reporter . maggie I have not see he in twenty - four hour . it just give I the creep a little bit . I would feel better if I know where he be . peggy ( nod to door ) would it ? angle on : ike just enter the party . at least he try . he 's get a tropical sheet wrap around he pants and shirt . he walk to the bar and be greet warmly by Lee . maggie get very flustered . peggy ( cont would ) what be you do ? maggie ( after a beat ) I be go to go dance with Bob . because he 's the man . ( refer to she headdress ) I like that grape . maggie dance affectionately with Bob as Mr. trout , tend bar , greet ike . lou trout hey , Mr. Graham , welcome to we luau . what can I get you ? ike you get something without a toy in it ? time CUT : a little later - close on a pair of expressive pantomime " a Little grass shack " . pull back to reveal : Mrs. trout be on stage , introduce hula contestant . grandma judge the Hawaiian dance . the party be at full tilt -- a little wild , a little goofy . some guest ( Bob , Cindy , cory , Lee and Ted ) do the limbo . walter , Mrs. pressman do not turn as she hear he . ike aloha . that 's a very fetching headdress you be wear . ike lean into maggie , enjoy the smell of she hair . she notice , but act casual . maggie where do you disappear to ? ike miss I bad , huh ? time CUT : all the guest start band they pineapple cup . walter rise unsteadily , lift he pineapple . mrs . trout attention . listen to walter . listen close , he slur . ( then ) shut up , wahine ! walter in the tradition that have grow through the year , it be now toast time ! first up , we host , " a honey of a beekeeper " , Lou trout .. Lou trout stand with he glass raise . lout trout May the groom 's heart be fill with hope and the bride 's foot be fill with lead ! there be shout of " hear hear ! " walter roar . mrs . trout May the pitter - patter of little foot not be maggie 's . mrs . pressman May the gift be return ! ted May the back of the dress be as pretty as the front ! the laughter swell and swell , lead by walter . angle on : ike watch as maggie take the heat , raise she glass along with the other . Bob raise he glass like the good sport he be . ike can not believe it . walter you know the old say , " you be not lose a daughter ... " well , I would like to ! walter get a bit laugh . he go again . walter ( cont would ) maggie may not be hale 's longest run joke ... ( under she breath ) maggie finish the punchline along with he father . walter and maggie -- but she 's certainly the fastest . uproarious laughter . maggie look terribly pain . ike 's have enough . he push himself to he foot . walter be thrilled . he shush the crowd . walter ( cont would ) oh , look , Mr. Graham , how about a toast ? ike I do not know , give I a minute . ( to maggie ) be you all right with this ? maggie Excuse I ? ike be you all right with this ? you think this be funny ? maggie yes . ike I do not and I do not think you should ... bob it 's a joke . they be kid . walter and crowd ( yell ) come on and give we a toast . ike you want I to make a toast ? okay ... I will give you a toast . to maggie 's family and friend . May you find yourselves the bull 's eye of a easy target . May you be publicly flogge for all of you bad choice and may you nose to rubbed in all of you mistake ... ike watch they reaction . the silence be deafen . all the guest stare at maggie . mortify , she hold back tear . mrs . trout that be funny . ( a pause ) but enough toast , let 's hula . let 's start the music up . she get everyone up to hula . Band play fast tune . maggie walk through the crowd down the step and outside . ike follow , but Peggy grab a coat for she . Bob watch she go as cory approach . cory hey , Bob . I get twenty dollar bet on -- bob not now . Bob rush after maggie . peggy ( call after she ) maggie . maggie . ( to ike , hand he a jacket ) here . she may need this . it 's not really Hawaii . ike exit . then , Bob come over . bob where would maggie go ? peggy oh , she just go to get I something from the car . cory come over with Dennis to Bob and Peggy . bob / peggy / cory / dennis chuffa : about Bart Starr and football . ( which keep Bob from go outside to follow maggie ) . Bob think about it . ext . trout be barn - night ike run after maggie . he grab she arm and turn she to he . ike I be the only goddamn person in there pull for you . maggie you humiliate I ! ike no , maggie , I defend you . humiliate you be what everyone else be do . it 's the theme of this party . maggie I have it under control . now they feel sorry for I . ike well , they should . because they be about to watch you hang yourself again . maggie have no response . ike ( cont would ) -- tell I something , do you really care about mount everest ? maggie it 's fun ! it 's high . ike or the sexual habit of locust ? maggie that be very interesting research George be do ! ike what kind of Dead head get a temporary tattoo ? maggie I already explain about that . ike and where you ever really go to run the leper colony in molokai ? maggie ( wince ) Brian tell you that ? ike or maybe you just want to wear the headdress . maggie every one of that time I be be supportive . something you will not understand . ike supportive ? you be not be supportive . you be be scared . just like now . you be the most lose woman I have ever laid eye on . maggie lose ! ike that 's right . you be so lose you do not even know how you like you egg . maggie what !? ike with the priest , you like they scramble . with the Dead head , fry . with the bug guy , poach . now it 's egg white only , thank you very much . maggie that 's call change you mind . ike no , that 's call not have a mind of you own . what be you do , maggie ? you really want to let that man drag you up annapuma on you honeymoon ? you do not want to climb annapuma . maggie yes I do ! ike no you do not . you want a man who will lead you down the beach with he head over you eye just so you can discover the feel of the sand under you foot . you want a guy who will take you into a cave with a thousand candle just to read you a poem . you want a man to wake you up at dawn because he 's burn to talk to you and he can not wait another minute to find out what you will say . be I right ? he 's laid she flat . maggie can not speak . ike ( cont would ) be I right ? she fight back angry tear . maggie stop. stop it ! I be get marry on Sunday , and you be just try to make I run ! why ? because you be a cynical , exploitative , mean-heart creep who would not know real love if it bit he in the armpit ! and all you do be tear other people down and - and - and laugh at they , and criticize what they do , because you be too afraid to do anything yourself ! I read you column . you never write one about you . I be not the only one who 's lose and you know it ! be I right ? well ? be I right ? angle on : Bob come outside . bob mag . help I out here . Green Bay . right guard . both maggie and ike be breathe hard . Bob come up to maggie and give ike a very hard look as he put he arm around he fiancee . bob ( cont would ) you know ... blocked Bart Starr , crewcut ... be you okay ? maggie adjust she face as best she can . maggie yes . bob let I take you back inside , okay ? she let he lead she away . maggie Jerry Kramer . ike look at she drooped shoulder and he shake he head and walk to he car . ext . hale methodist church - the next day Peggy and Cindy arrive for the rehearsal . they leave Cindy 's dog in Peggy 's car and walk to the church . cindy tell I , why do maggie need another wedding rehearsal and two day before the wedding ? she 's already do this . peggy Bob be make she visualize the ceremony . CUT to : int . hale methodist church - night they be in the church proper now . Peggy wait in a pew as Bob lead maggie and ike up the back step of the church . bob ( to maggie ) okay , we be ready . want I to have ike leave now ? maggie turn on ike with " cheerful " hostility . maggie no. no -- actually , let 's make ike the pastor . ike I would rather not . maggie ( sarcastically ) come on , it will give you a great view . it 's perfect . ( see Peggy ) hey . maggie smile at Bob . ike sigh and go with it . Bob pull ike to the head of the aisle and place he . Peggy follow maggie into the foyer to get ready . Cindy sit with Ted at the organ . bob team effort , pastor ike ... Cindy , ready ? ( after no response ) Cindy , come on . Cindy leave to join the girl in the foyer . int . church foyer - that moment once in the privacy of the foyer , Peggy and maggie talk . peggy he 's go to be the pastor ? maggie yep . I want he to be front and center and to watch everything . peggy what happen at the luau ? maggie ( flustered ) ... I do not even want to talk about the luau . ( then see a hang rope ) what 's this ? peggy it 's for the bell . Cindy join they . cindy Bob 's in a hurry . peggy do not be nervous , maggie . let we visualize . remember what Bob say ? " be the ball . " cindy " sink the putt . " peggy " make the shot . " cindy " nothing but net . " peggy " never say die . " maggie put she hand up . maggie go! Peggy and Cindy exit . maggie pull the bell rope and sway back and forth as she ring the bell . int . chapel - that moment it be maggie 's turn to enter . they all turn expectantly . too much time pass . Ted play the organ , then stop . maggie swing back and forth in the foyer doorway . bob honey , be you okay ? maggie stop ringing the bell and pull herself together . she walk into the aisle look a little shaky . she take a few tremulous step slowly with she eye close , peek occasionally with one eye . ike ( take off he jacket ) at this pace , it could be a evening wedding . bob hold it ! hold it ! I think we be take this too fast . he begin to pace . bob ( cont would ) we need to limber you up a little . you be tensing . ( think a moment ; to ike , move he to groom 's spot ) you stand here and be I so she know how far she will have to go . ( then to maggie ) I be go to walk with you . Bob go to maggie and walk behind she . bob ( cont would ) visualize ! visualize ! it 's game time . angle on : maggie walk . bob ( cont would ) you be the football . you be spiraling through the air towards the hand of the groom . she proceed down the aisle . Bob behind she . maggie ( eye down ) yes , I be spiraling through the air . angle on : maggie raise she eye and see ike in front of she as groom . ike and maggie lock gaze . if they have to , they could not look away . all the thing unspoken be now communicate -- the love , the long . maggie ( cont would ) I streak towards the goal line . maggie 's pace quicken . maggie ( cont would ) and I land on the goal line . angle on : Bob beam to see maggie 's eager arrival at ike 's side . he switch off the music and proceed like a proud coach to be the pastor . bob okay , I be the pastor . dearly beloved , blah , blah , blah . so on and so forth . ra to to to . yabada dabada . I now pronounce you man and wife . kiss the bride , badum dum . ( then move toward Ted ) we have the crescendo that lead to we right back down the aisle and out the ... ike kiss maggie . it be a world class , Olympic kiss . it be a kiss that change everything and can never be take back . it be a kiss you only get once in you life . new angle : Bob 's smile die . Cindy 's mouth drop open as the kiss go on and on . Peggy lose control and scream . bob ( cont would ) maggie !!!!? like a bucket of water throw on two dog , ike and maggie be startle out of they kiss . they pull apart and smile at each other . angle on : bob. bob ( cont would ) ( furious ) if you be imagine I , you do great . ( to ike ) what the hell be you do ? ike ( eye on maggie ) I be sorry , Bob . she kiss I back . maggie ( daze but happy ) I kiss he back . bob yeah , I catch that . want to tell I how long this have be go on ? maggie look at ike , wondrous , confuse . maggie about a minute ...? ike a little longer for I . maggie really ? bob what do you expect I to say to this ? ike how about -- " I hope you will be very happy together " ? Bob haul back and punch ike in the face . ike drop . bob I hope you will be very happy together . Bob storm down the aisle and out of the church . maggie ( to Peggy ) take care of he . maggie leave . CUT to : ext . church - that moment Bob be halfway down the walk . maggie appear at the church door and call after he . maggie Bob , I be sorry ! ( half to herself ) at least I back out before the wedding . that 's progress ! he keep march . now Peggy appear next to maggie . maggie call again . maggie ( cont would ) some woman be go to make you a lot happier than I ever could ... the word be barely out of she mouth when Cindy come out the door , racing after Bob at a full sprint . maggie ( cont would ) see ? peggy well , maggie -- in the word of Mrs. pressman : " Holy moly " . call I later . Peggy go to she car . Cindy join she as Bob speed off in he car . now ike take Peggy 's place next to maggie . maggie turn to face ike . they be both bett red , stammer and unable to look at each other , try to act normal . maggie okay . so ... what , uh ... what just happen ? just now ? jus then ? in there ? ike I do not know . I , uh -- I frankly do not even want to talk about it . maggie I , either . ike grab maggie and boom -- they be all over each other , kissing frantically , tongue , hand , hair , elbow , you name it . blather fool . ike ( blather ) I love you . I love you . maggie ( blather ) I love you , too . they come up for air . ike wait . we have to talk . we have to do some talk now . pull up a railing . maggie sit on the railing , then ike back up and sit on the opposite railing . ike ( cont would ) you have to go down a aisle and say " I do " . you have to get marry . maggie to who ? be you ask I ? ike me? ike back up to opposite railing and sit face maggie . maggie yes , you ! ike ( think ) well , you do have the dress . maggie and the church . ike and the wedding date . there 's the two of we . ( beat ) so , you think ... maybe ... you have to go down the aisle with somebody you love and who love you back . maggie I be okay with that . ike so be I . maggie so , we will ... they both nod and sit there smile , sort of . the organist , Ted , close the church door . ted good night . ike pull he tape recorder out of he pocket and quietly speak into it . ike I be get marry . wide shot : they smile at each other and remain sit . then , silence . CUT to : ext . STREET / hale / atlantic HOTEL - that night ike drive up and park in front of the hotel as he talk on he cell phone . intercut with : int . fisher and ellie' bedroom ( NYC ) - night ellie 's on the phone . Fisher sit nearby . ellie ike 's go to get marry . Fisher throw himself onto the carpet and roll himself helpless with laughter . ellie ( cont would ) ( without turn to he ) Fisher , if you pee on that Persian , I will kill you . CUT to : int . beauty salon - night day maggie talk to Peggy , Cindy and grandma Julia . grandma Julia sit under a hair dryer . sprout , the dog , sit in he basket . cindy I love he eye . I just believe they be listen to you . peggy his hair ... any color . grandma julia I like he tight butt . Peggy laugh . maggie grandma ! peggy ( to Cindy ) see , this be a mature relationship . she 's really find it . CUT to : love montage shot : ext . ocean - day ike and maggie fishing . int . maggie' workshop / home - day they play ping -pong . they laugh , enjoy the moment . int . maggie' house - day ike and maggie have fun play card . the game be slapjack . ext . field - day maggie and ike horseback riding . they sit on they horse amongst tree , " nuzzling " . ike read as he push maggie in a tire swing . int . maggie' room - day ike and maggie open and close a hoberman ball by hold its opposite end in they tooth . grandma look in . int . maggie' live room - night there be a fire in the fireplace . maggie and ike sit as ike show maggie some passage from he favorite book . he 's read something from yeat at the moment . they seem happy . ext . church - the day of the wedding it be a media circus include four reporter , midday with meredith and the T-shirt vendor . plus three other people the reporter be interview , a german lady , butch kenan , a farmer and grandma Julia . reporter dina napoli walk down the church step . dina napoli ( of wbal ) wedding bell be ringing for the fourth time today in hale , maryland . maggie carpenter , " always a bride -- never a bridesmaid " , will be attempt to complete she fourth wedding ceremony . we will come back on the air when the result be in . back to you , jessica . meredith , the low - end public access tv reporter , film himself point a cheap video camera himself . meredith the turnout for this morning 's wedding be usually reserve for royalty or Hollywood star , but maggie carpenter be hale , maryland 's special star and the citizen of hale be out in full force today . the NY T-shirt vendor pitch he ware . t-shirt vendor I get " bye - bye Birdie " . " what part of ' I do ' do not you understand ? " ... get you " runaway bride " t-shirt here ... reporter julie murphy stand near grandma Julia and Mrs. pressman . julie murphy ( Channel 6 ) the bride 's be here for almost a hour , but be around in the beginning be never she problem . we will be here , show you the full wedding ceremony , we hope . reporter jacki and tiffany stand at the edge of the crowd report . jacki / reporter # 3 ( wboc tv16 ) will she or will not she ? that be on the mind of this several hundred folk , who be stand here this morning . not to mention on the mind of Groom number # 4 , ex - USA today columnist , ike Graham , who be miss in action . ext . window of church / int . sunday school room - day insert window of church . Peggy peer out the window at the carnival scene . Cindy sit with maggie as she lean forward , double over on a child 's chair . Peggy move from the window to sit with they . maggie ( move to window ) he 's not come . watch . he 's not come . peggy no , no . I see eight geese fly in a " V " . maggie you and you lucky geese . you always see geese . peggy not eight ... cindy and in a " V " . maggie eight be good ... " V " could be Victory . they ad lib various word start with the letter " V " . maggie be nervous . cindy rub you ear . peggy yes , rub you ear be very soothing . cory do that to I when I hyperventilate . maggie rub she ear . cindy we do it to we dog . maggie it 's hurt . cindy we will rub . after they rub maggie 's ear a bit : peggy he 's here ! he 's here ! they all squeeze and peer out window . they scream in excitement . Cindy rush to maggie 's wedding dress . cindy I will get the dress . maggie he 's here !... he 's here ! peggy now 's the time for calm ... if you do not calm down , you will not get you dress on ... ( reassuringly ) he 's the one ... he 's the one . Peggy move to help Cindy with the dress . maggie stand alone at the window a moment . she pick up a toy horse . maggie this be not a good sign . maggie go over to Peggy and Cindy , and start to get into she bridal gown . they continue to ad lib word stand with the letter " V " . cindy we have to hurry . the Sunday School kid will be here soon . CUT to : int . ike' car - day ike pull up slowly . guest peer through the he car window and wave . ike rub he headache . julie murphy well , the groom just pull up . there be talk of a " now show " , but he be here . dina napoli ike Graham be here ! ike 'spov : he move as he take it all in : a family eat a fast food picnic on a neighbor 's lawn , invite guest flock by in they party best , and local news team block the way . the state senator be make a speech welcoming the press to maryland . a large group of reporter head up the church 's stair , haul they equipment . they enter the flood of people stream inside the church . ike snap . ext . ike' car - continuing ike stop the car where it be and jump out , slamm the door in anger . the reporter swarm around he as he get out of the car . they continue to pound he with question as he walk to church step . a older lady smack he on the shoulder with a newspaper . he turn in astonishment and continue up the step . he charge up the stair and grab Lee . ike shoot ours so she have one with a end . Mrs. pressman stand , shoot ike with she video camera . ike ( cont would ) ( plead ) Mrs. pressman , please . mrs . pressman it 's okay . there 's no microphone . you be no fun . ike no , I be not . ike retreat into the church . Lee come up to he again with he video camera : chuffa about scorsese . int . church - continuing as Fisher and ellie sign the guest book , a local lady stare at ellie . ellie stare back at she until she leave . ike walk away from Lee and turn smack into ellie and Fisher . ike put he arm around they and give they a big hug . ike Friends . thank you . thank you . over ellie 's shoulder , ike see Fisher 's grin face . ike ( cont would ) we be friend , be not we , Fisher ? fisher ( grin ) of course we be . of course . ike then you will be my best man . fisher well , I be good , I do not know if I be best . ike go talk to the pastor and he will tell you what to do . and someone will tell I what to do . ellie you always look great in that suit ... and ike ? ( emotional ) I be happy for you , honey . ellie whisper in he ear . ellie ( cont would ) I will have a car around the back to whisk you out of here if she run . ellie kiss he on the cheek and walk away . angle on : Bob come up to ike . he look like he 's go to punch ike , then abruptly hold out a rise boutonniere . bob you look awful . ike ( sarcastically ) thank you . Bob hand the flower to ike . ike be shaking . Bob catch this and look up to ike . it be a moment of clean honesty between the man . bob ike . need help ? he take the boutonniere and put it on ike 's lapel . bob ( cont would ) I be glad it 's you . ike really ? bob I do not want to find out I be not for she in the fourth quarter . ike get any last minute advice ? bob ( motion to they eye ) maintain eye contact . Bob turn and leave , go down a side staircase . ike ( to himself ) Eye contact . Eye contact . out of the corner of he eye , ike see a picture of Christ on the wall . he lean into the picture and whisper . ike ( cont would ) cover I . he walk into the chapel . int . chapel - continuing ike step up and stand next to Fisher . fisher ( to ike ) I have no idea what I be do . ike you job be ... the ring . ( to Fisher ) do you have the ring ?! fisher I just find out I be best man ! I be lucky I have a suit ... what 's wrong ? ike give the ring to Fisher . the pastor approach ike . ike turn away and look out over the guest . ike 'spov : there be most of the townspeople we have come to know , plus some new yorker for ike , with little ponytail . armani wire rim , donna karan bodysuit . there 's a lot of smirk , check out the hick , form they storey for cocktail hour . Elaine be in back all dress in black , mourn ike. Mrs. trout approach ike . mrs . trout you should thank Lou and I for the wedding car -- a ' 63 buick . ike thank you . mrs . trout oh , come on . you be practically family . Mrs. trout start pick lint off Fisher 's jacket . fisher hello . I be Fisher . mrs . trout this do not want to come out . fisher you just pull a hair from my neck . ike Mrs. trout , go back to you seat ! int . church foyer - day Peggy join maggie , who be blow bubblegum and sway in front of a oscillate fan . grandma and walter come in . grandma give she a kiss on the cheek . grandma julia good luck , maggie . maggie thank you , grandma . grandma leave . walter step up . walter ( quietly to maggie ) I be really root for this one . maggie thank you , dad . Peggy turn off the fan . Cindy take the bag from maggie . cindy spit . maggie spit she bubblegum into the bag . Peggy hand maggie she bouquet . peggy let 's go . maggie no saunter down the aisle . just make time . let 's just get there . Cindy and Peggy nod and leave . the door close . int . chapel - continuing both extend he hand to Elaine . elaine hi , I be Elaine from New York . bob hello . I be Bob , maggie 's fourth attempt . elaine I be sorry . bob that 's okay . there 's a lid for every pot . besides , I be comfortable with ike . I mean , Jack Dempsey lose he heavyweight title to a New Yorker . elaine I know . gene tunney . the organ begin to play . the organist be ted. grandma , walter , Mrs. pressman and the trout watch . Mrs. trout pick lint off of she husband 's jacket . angle on : Cindy and Peggy enter with the confident air of people who have do this before . they make it to the head of the aisle all too quickly . Peggy give ike a wink and a encourage smile . int . church foyer - continuing the door open and Dennis stick he head in . dennis they be ready , maggie . maggie just a second . Dennis close the door behind he as he go back into the chapel . maggie have a moment alone . she look at back door as possible escape route , then change she mind . she signal the start of the wedding by knock on the door . int . chapel - continuous immediately , cory and Dennis open the door for she entrance . all the guest stand as maggie enter the chapel smile . maggie' Pov : the aisle stretch before she into infinity . face goggle at she from every direction . the tiny figure of ike stand like a beacon a long way off . new angle : she plunge forward with a sped - up hesitation step . angle on : ike rock imperceptibly , urging she on . Peggy and Cindy make little " come on " motion . it seem to be work . maggie approach rapidly . the crowd have turn from skepticism to look and noise of encouragement . angle on : maggie but then she foot gradually begin to slow . angle on : Fisher give a little " darn , so close " look . angle on : but ike be too busy maintain eye contact . his eye urge maggie closer -- loving she , willing she on . close on : maggie stop she walk , give ike a teasing smile , and then resume with she walk toward he . his face . her face . his face . her face . close on : her foot inch forward . the other follow . new angle : a sigh now rise from the guest as maggie close in on ike . he smile at she . she smile at he . she be almost there ... she 's there , smile at ike . the pastor gesture to the guest to sit down . they do . angle on : ike sneeze . she look down and imagine she see the carpet split apart . and she bolt like a bat out of hell ! in a flurry of white , she be halfway down the aisle before ike know what hit he . angle on : ike stand there daze . for a second . then she spring into action , charge after she . ike ( yell out ) block the door ! like a general , he point to Dennis and cory in the back and send they into action . the door shut in maggie 's face . but she 's a wild animal cornere . she move to the side . the townspeople stand so ike can hurry through the pew . ike climb on the pews towards she as guest crowd the aisle , block he path . like a gazelle , she leap to the side aisle and scamper down and away . Fisher get on he cell phone . ike charge from one of the full pews , cross the aisle and leap across the pews near the staircase to cut she off . he grab she veil and it come off in he hand . maggie disappear down the step of the church basement . ike fumble with the veil and jump over the railing , landing on Dennis ' toe . he follow down the stair after she . Mrs. pressman and walter exchange bet money . CUT to : int . church basement - continuing maggie come down step and enter the church child 's Sunday school class . a lot of kide and teachers be do religious art and craft . as maggie run through : maggie there 's a man come down that step with lot of candy in he pocket . if you tickle he , he will give candy . she give she bouquet to a little girl as she go by . ike come down stair . ike maggie ! the kide mob he , grab he pocket . ike fight he way through kide . angle on : maggie as she 's in the church kitchen and hop on counter and head out the window . the window be wide enough . angle on : ike as he get to the window , but maggie be out in driveway . ext . church driveway - continuing maggie fly toward a fedex truck at next house just leave . another angle : she gather she dress and jump in as ike yell from window , then , quickly climb out onto the lawn as the truck start to pull away . ike maggie ! maggie look back once , tearful and regretful , and disappear inside the truck . the truck race off . the photographer turn they camera on ike , en masse . he be envelop by a barrage of bright light . ellie and Fisher , who have also step outside on chapel front step , be look around as ike turn around the corner and past the church . ellie look , he 's run after she . fisher look , he 's in pretty good shape . ellie poor ike . they look after the fedex truck and watch ike chase the truck down the road away from the church . ike ( run ; yell ) maggie ! ellie where do you think she 's go ? fisher wherever it be , she will be there by ten - thirty tomorrow . Cindy , cory , Peggy and meredith also rush out of the church and comment on maggie 's runaway . further down the road , ike still chase the truck , yell : ike maggie ! as the truck round the bend in the road and disappear , ike stop and stare alone after the disappear truck . a swarm of reporter catch up to he , flash picture and ask question . another camera flash and we cut to : a newspaper photo of ike 's stunne face on the cover of the USA today . the caption read : " hit and run : runaway bride strike again " . and we see headline in other papers . " maggie' mad dash " " hardware honey goe nut and bolt " " journalist written off " " bride take hike ... not ike " " bride take ride " " maggie say I don 't " newspaper montage : int . new york bar - day Kevin , the bartender , read jay 's column , in the USA today entitle " maggie 's mad dash " . CUT to : ext . USA today loading dock - day various newspaper worker also read jay 's column in the USA today entitle " maggie mad dash " and " hardware honey go nut and bolt " in another newspaper . fade in ext . MAIN STREET / hale - night ( 1 -5 month later ) it 's a night like any other in hale -- the regular order of thing have be restore on its quaint street . quartet sing in front of the hotel . lee and cory chuffa : about where Peggy be . int . hardware store - night maggie be sit , end of a long day . Peggy stick she head in entrance door . peggy you okay ? I be close . maggie I be just finish up , too . peggy want to go to butch 's for a drink or something ? maggie ( interrupt ) no , I be just go to head home . peggy okay . Peggy start to go , then move close to maggie . peggy ( cont would ) ( step closer and make a " V " with she finger ) you know , I be just think about that geese thing . I think the " V " be half of a " W " . a " W " for ... maggie what be you talk about ? peggy wedding . wedding . ( hold maggie 's face ) you just have to get the rest of you duck in a row . maggie thank you . you still think that he be .... peggy Quick . very quick . Peggy exit . maggie stare , lose herself in think . then a voice startles she . voice ( whisper ) marry I , maggie . maggie jump and turn to see : dennis -- the kid from the high school football team , pop up from a low position near the counter . maggie ( softly ) hi , Dennis . dennis I be go to propose , you know . I mean , the right way . soon as I turn eighteen . maggie you be sweet , Dennis . but you have get to go . I be close up . here 's a candy bar and one for you brother . Dennis take the candy and start to go . dennis I be not give up . a person should not give up . Dennis exit . maggie be alone . she turn out the lamp she design , then on again . she turn off the other lamp on the counter and exit . we hold on maggie 's design lamp . CUT to : int . ike' hallway and apartment - night ike walk up to he door , carry he mail and a bag of carryout . he open the door and walk into he apartment . he pet italic , who sit on he sofa bed . without take off he coat , he go to he keyboard and play music as he chuffas to he cat about marriage and divorce . CUT to : int . maggie' house - day dad and grandma Julia be there . grandma be make lunch . walter be juggling orange . there 's glass of beer on the kitchen counter . walter that 's maggie . Home for lunch . grandma julia she 's be do this since the last wedding . I do not think it 's good . maggie walk in and kiss grandma on the cheek . maggie hey . grandma , what 's for lunch ? grandma julia Turkey and cheese . walter honey , you grandmother and I be think about open a wedding gift museum . walter laugh . maggie stop ! walter look at he daughter in surprise . he 's never hear a tone like this in she voice before . walter what ? maggie ( quiet fury ) just stop it . do not say another word like that . walter ( put down the orange ) maggie , it 's just a joke ... maggie no . it 's my life . walter a harmless joke . maggie no , it 's humiliate and you have be do it since I be a kid . I do not like it . stop . you may not like have a daughter with problem . but guess what ? I do not like have a father who 's drunk all the time . I will eat in my room . maggie take a plate and exit . grandma julia that need to be say . you know -- you be always make joke about she , so they will not make joke about you drink . walter react . CUT to : int . ike' apartment - day ike go out on he terrace . he bounce a basketball . it do not bounce . he sit on the step of the patio a stare . CUT to : int . maggie' workroom / gym - day maggie be kickbox . CUT to : int . maggie' workroom / gym - another day maggie be a bit melancholy as she work on she lamp . CUT to : int . ike' apartment - another day ike quietly sit in bed write and stare into space think . his cat sit on the windowsill . CUT to : int . maggie' workroom / gym - night maggie jump rope barefoot late at night . maggie I need a plan ... a plan to life ... what would Bruce Lee do ? he would kick some ass ... CUT to : int . maggie' kitchen - day maggie in front of plate full of all sort of type of egg -- scramble , poach , sunny - side up , benedict , soft boil , etc -- sit on the kitchen counter . she tie they all . ext . new york STREET - day establish shot . two men try to fix the engine of a taxi outside the restaurant . CUT to : ext . new york STREET - dusk eke walk by the T-shirt vendor , go into a subway station . ext . another STREET - dusk ike cross a busy street where a man be be arrest . ike be pass the upscale " millennium hardware store " . he glance at the window , look away , stop and look again . the window display be make up of a assortment of maggie 's lamp . logo " mag " be on they . he smile and walk on . ext . central park reservoir - dusk ike stare out at water as he walk . ext . ike' apartment build - night ike walk along sidewalk , cross street , enter he building . int . ike' apartment - night ike open the door to he apartment and flick on the light . he cross to hang he coat in the closet . in the closet mirror , he see and be stunne to find : maggie , sit on the couch hold italic , the cat . maggie hello , ike . he close the closet and cross to he desk . ike do not tell I . my doorman be one of you many admire ... I know I should have give he a better Christmas gift . maggie smile tenuously . she 's more than a little terrify . maggie I have be make friend with you cat . ( then ) be it okay that I be here ? ike I do not have much choice in the matter now , do I ? but I can not speak for italic . ( to cat ) traitor ! he move to the kitchen . maggie I do not blame you for be mad ... ike look at she . apparently the word " mad " be a understatement . maggie ( cont would ) ... or ... furious . ike look at she again . maggie ( cont would ) ... irate ? livid ? how 's that ? he start put cat food in a bowl . the cat leave maggie 's side and start to east . ike livid be good . so what be it , maggie ? you here on business ? I see you lamp . they be terrific . maggie it 's something I have always want to do . ike leave the kitchen , turn on the balcony light and re-enter the live room from the balcony . ike you actually could make break and enter into a new career . ( after open the glass door ) so , what be you do here ? maggie I want to talk to you about why I run or ride away from thing . ike move away from she and sit on the step near the balcony window , listen . ike ( after sit ) do it matter ? maggie I think so ... when I be walk down the aisle ? I be walk toward somebody who do not have any idea who I really be . and it be only half the other person 's fault , because I have do everything to convince he that I be exactly what he want . so it be good that I do not go through with it because it would have be a lie , but you -- you know the real I . ike yes , I do . maggie I do not . and you be the one at the end of the aisle do not just fix that . ike take this in . she 's reach he -- but then the defense go back up . he turn to she . ike no , I could not fix anything ... ( as he get up ) but I still end up chase a truck . ike move out to the balcony . after a moment , maggie follow he . ext . balcony / ike'sapartment - night the balcony overlook Central Park . the twinkle light of the city stretch out across the beautiful night . ike look out at the view with he back to maggie as she speak . maggie I understand why you bring up the truck . let I explain something . the fact be , you have see I at my worst , most embarrassing , deviously plotting , potentially but not certifiably , psychotic state . and if you like I then , I mean , now ... I can not imagine ... ( cross to he ) benedict . ike have no response . maggie ( cont would ) I love egg benedict . I hate all the other kind . she hesitates . maggie ( cont would ) ... I hate big wedding with everybody stare . I would like to get marry on a weekday while everybody be at work . if I ride off into the sunset , I want my own horse . ike should I be write this down ? she return to the balcony and hand he the box . ike ( cont would ) what 's this ? maggie this be for you . he open it . it 's she run shoe . ike use ? maggie they be mine . I be turn in my run shoe to you . ike this be get serious . now she be glow at he , shine with the full force of she . maggie and one more thing . I know it 's hard to believe there could be more . um ... maggie glance around and spot a deck chair , which she turn so it be face the city light . then she softly say : maggie ( cont would ) if you could have a seat , please . ike sit . maggie take the box from he and put it aide . and then she get down on one knee . ike ( laugh ) oh my god. no. maggie smile up at he . ike tip he head back and cover he eye with he hand . maggie no , no -- do not hide you face , this only happen once in a lifetime . it 's definitely a first to I , and you be not go to want to miss it . he smile as he look at maggie . maggie ( cont would ) I love you , Homer eisenhower Graham . will you marry I ? ike swallow , overwhelm , overjoy , and scared shitless . ike maggie , I gotta think about this a little bit . maggie hop cheerfully back to she foot . maggie ( cheerful ) good . she get off she knee and stand . maggie ( cont would ) I be hope you would say that . ike ( laugh ) you be not . maggie I be , because if you say " yes " right away , I would not get to say this next part . and I have be practice it . ( pull up a chair and sit ) ready ? ike I be listen . maggie ( tenderly ) " I guarantee that we will have tough time . I guarantee that at some point one or both oof we will want to get out . but I also guarantee that if I do not ask you to be mine , I will regret it for the rest of my life . because I know in my heart -- you be the only one for I " . ike take she hand affectionately . ike pretty good speech , maggie . maggie I borrow it from this guy I know . so ? ike look into maggie 's shine face and pause . he get up and motion with he hand for she to stay seat . he go inside and turn on some music . the cat be sit by the radio . he return to the balcony and take maggie 's hand . ike dance with I . they start to dance a slow dance . dissolve to : ext . large GREEN field - day we see a hill and on top of it be a pastor marrying maggie and ike , in beautiful wedding attire . we see maggie walk down a leaf -line aisle to a wait ike . they kiss as we hear the vow and hear they each say " I do " . they kiss a twirling , whirling kiss , a circular kiss . we hear the applause of about twenty people . slowly , we see the twenty people come over the crest of the hill . they be all maggie 's family and friend , plus the old groom . they be all pair in twos , like a love noah 's ark . we see other get the news . int . church - day Priest Brian hear about maggie 's wedding . int . bakery - day Mrs. trout hear about maggie 's wedding . int . new york bar - day George , Groom # 3 , hear about maggie 's wedding . int . ellie' office or apartment - day ellie and Fisher hear about maggie 's wedding . ext . field - day another angle : maggie and ike finally break the kiss . ike take she hand and walk she to two horse . ike and maggie , on the two horse , ride off happily in they wedding clothes . as the group cheer , maggie throw bouquet . we see it float in the air . fade to black . the end --------------------------------------------------------------