rush hour 2 by Jeff nathanson ext . hong kong skyline - establishing a smoky haze dim the blaze sun . skyscraper sit like watchtower over the city , where East meet West for five and a half million people a day . ext . american consulate - hong kong - day the american embassy - U.S. and chinese flag side by side . hu li , dark glass , exit and slowly move toward a STREET vendor across the street . she pay for a order of pork bao ; as she take she first bite we see : the explosion behind her two office on the sixth floor blown out - a huge fireball erupting over one side of the embassy . people panic and run . Hu Li do not even flinch . she take a bite of she pork bao as she casually turn to the stunne street vendor . hu li ( chinese , subtitle ) someone better call the police . ext . / int . lee' car - continuous the passenger window roll down and we see Carter , styling in a chinese - cut suit . he 's hold a chinese - English dictionary , lean out the window - give he best " do I " look to two girl in a convertible . carter ( int chinese ) Deng wa lu yun cai-shen wu . the horrified girl speed off , and Carter turn to Lee , who be drive and sing to he radio . lee ( sing ) ... wish they all could be California ... wish they all could be California girl ... Carter eject the beach boy CD from the stereo and toss it out of the sunroof . carter I warn you about play that shit when I be in the car . lee that be my CD . do not you ever touch a chinese man 's CD . carter do you see the way that girl drive off ? I do you a favor . lee that girl drive off because of you . carter all I do be invite they for a drink . lee you invite they to get naked and sacrifice a small goat . carter ( check chinese-english dictionary ) I say that ? which word be " goat ? " Lee pick up he CD case . lee you owe I a copy of the Beach boy greatest Hit , volume two . carter do not be give I attitude , Lee . I have be here three day and we have not do shit . we have not be to a club , have not even talk to a girl . I be on vacation , and I want some mu-shu . lee mu-shu ? you be hungry ? carter not mu-shu . mu-shu . I want to see some woman . now stop play dumb and show I the shu ! Carter flip through the dictionary . a call come in over lee' cell phone . intercut int . superindendent chin' office - night the follow conversation be in chinese , English subtitles . superindendent chin Lee , there be a bombing at the american embassy . two american translator be kill . lee any lead ? superindendent chin ( beat ) we think it 's ricky Tan . if you do not want to take the case , I will understand . lee it 's my responsibility . Lee hang up the cell phone . carter what be that ? do you just pick up a case ? do we just take another damn case on my vacation ? Lee smile at Carter . lee of course not . my superindendent invite we to a club tonight . Big party . carter do not be mess with I , Lee . I will kick you ass . I will hit you so hard you will end up in the ming dynasty . lee Carter , would I lie to you ? ext . raven club - night Carter follow Lee out of the car , the two man make they way to the door of the raven Club . Carter be comb he hair , get himself ready for a night on the town , stop when he spot two hot women walk into the club . carter that 's what I be talk about . a real Hong Kong night club . you want a altoid ? lee no . carter you better take one . you breath have be a little funky all day . let I look at you . Carter look at lee. fix he collar . carter ( cont 'd ) just relax and do not worry about a thing . I will hook you up in there . you get condom ? lee no . carter take this . it 's a Magnum . you can fold it in half . Carter dance through the door , Lee follow . int . raven club - night a dark , upscale club that be pack with gangster , beautiful girl and civilian . Lee and Carter walk in . Lee be try to keep a low profile as Carter stare up at the stage , where a man sing karaoke -- the most painful rendition of Michael Jackson 's " don't stop ' till you get enough . " lee I will meet you at the bar in ten minute . they do not like tourist in here , so try to blend in . carter blend in ? I be two foot taller than everyone here . where you go ? lee bathroom . Lee walk off , try not to be see as Carter step up to the bar , take a seat next to two chinese thug . carter how you boy do tonight ? the thug ignore Carter as he motion to the stage , where the old man continue to sing . carter ( cont 'd ) that be the worst sing I have ever hear . that sound like something you would hear in prison after light out . the thug continue to ignore Carter . int . raven club - back hall - night Lee make he way down a hallway -- look through a open door - see a private room . several triad be use hi-tech machine to count stack of american hundre dollar bill . carter ( v.o. ) get closer to my body now . and just love I , till you do not know how ... Lee step back into shadow -- do a double take as he realize he 's hearing Carter belting out " don't stop ' till you get enough . " int . raven club - continuous a room full of chinese sit with they mouth open , watch Carter on the karaoke stage do a dead - on Michael Jackson , sing he heart out . Dancing and make eye at a few of the smitten woman who be watch he . lee ( whisper from side of stage ) Carter , get off that stage ! carter be you kid , they love I . I be a star , Lee . a god to this people ! Carter resume sing , really get down . moonwalk to the edge of the state where Lee pull he off . lee this be a gangster bar , we be here undercover . carter I know you be lie . lee I be sorry . carter damn it , why be you ruin my night ? I be just start to have fun . ( beat ) well fine then , go ahead , pull you badge and do you thing . lee no , we be here for information , to find out where a man name ricky Tan be . we must tread softly and keep we ear open . carter tread softly ? who teach you how to roost a bar ? lee Carter , you do not understand . this man be fu-cang -long triad . part of the most deadly gang in China . carter man , be you crazy ? you think that scare I ? I be from l.a . we invent gang . we be have gang war before anybody even think about it . we get royalty from other gang . now gimme you badge and gun and I will show you how it 's do . lee no . you be a civilian . in China , I be Michael Jackson , and you be toto . carter you mean tito . we have toto for dinner last night . before Lee can react , Carter have lift Lee 's badge and gun . Carter bound back on stage , pull the plug on the music and fire three shot into the ceiling , silencing the bar . carter ( cont 'd ) ( chinese ) Deng wa lu yun , shen wu wattu masu wang lui . nobody move . strange look from the crowd . Carter turn to Lee . carter ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) what would I say ? lee you just say you be they worst nightmare - and to line they mother up for a milk . carter shit. c'mon , get up here and help I out . reluctantly , Lee get on stage . more look from the chinese as Carter speak , Lee translate . carter ( cont 'd ) okay , all the triad and ugly woman go to that side , all fine ass woman on this side . nobody move . Carter fire two more shot in the ceiling . carter ( cont 'd ) let 's try this again . who here know ricky Tan , raise you hand . nobody move . carter ( cont 'd ) who here be name Lee ? raise you hand . nobody move . carter ( cont 'd ) now I know you be lie . the crowd still have not move . except in the back , where Lee spot several gangster leave . as Lee run off stage -- carter ( cont 'd ) ( as they run out ) I come back and catch y'all sing Michael Jackson and you be all go to jail . ext . raven club - night Lee and Carter run into the street , just in time to see hu li and several gangster round a corner . carter stop ! lapd ! Lee take off and chase they on foot . ext . hong kong STREET - night ext . hong kong STREET - night the far end of the street be blocked by market stall . the gangster look around frantically . a apartment building be under construction , massive bamboo scaffolding top to bottom . they only way out be up . Lee and Carter dash around the corner to see the gangster swarming up the scaffolding . Lee waste no time go after they . with a run start , he jam a foot on the wall and vault to the bottom rung , grab hold and swing up . carter hang on , Lee . I be come . Carter jump to grab hold of the scaffold . not even close . he back up -- he 's gonna take a run start ! above - lee reach 4 gangster . they all tear off the lengths of bamboo and square off . the clatter of wood against wood as they beat at each other . wrestling over he pole , Lee fling two of the gangster over the edge . below , Carter have hold of the bottom rung , straining mightily to pull himself up . just as he get he chin above the bar ... snap ! it break and he drop . then ... wham ! wham ! the two gangster crash land on either side of carter . he take one look at they pain . carter ( cont 'd ) forget this ... he dash into the stairwell . above , the last two gangster come at Lee . he stomp down , lever up floor board , which see - saws they off-balance . with the advantage , he batter they with he bamboo pole and knock they off . he climb after the gangster leader . on hu li and the gangster come over the crest of the hill , see Carter climb up the hill . ext . roof - continuous Lee pull himself up onto the roof , take a few step when wham ! he be clocked by a 16 - foot bamboo pole . Lee topples over the edge ! we see he adversary for the first time . hu li - agile , gorgeous ... dangerous as she step to the edge ... boom ! the stairwell door fly OPEN and carter emerge . gun low and ready . Hu Li be go . carter ( out of breath ) freeze ! nobody move ! Carter go to the edge and see Lee hang on a pole below . Carter be blind - sided by Hu Li . she take one sultry step towards he , then twist she heel and windmills a hard kick that send Carter flying off the roof ! he fall along the side of the building . he manage to grab the end of a bamboo pole that jut out from the scaffold . lee be right there next to he ! they be hang side - by-side , hold on for they life . Hu Li look down at they . she have no weapon to finish they off . she turn and run , disappear in the night . carter and lee hold on with all they strength . the bamboo be start to bend . carter ( cont 'd ) all I want be a little mu-shu . lee try to land on you foot . Carter look down at a rancid dumpster below they . carter I can not believe I fly ten-thousand mile for this shit . the pole break super the title : rush hour 2 : remember the dragon int . lee' unmarked police car - later that night Carter and Lee drive through Hong Kong , the two man riding in silence , bruise and cover in garbage . carter you lie to I . lee I be sorry . carter you be sorry . I get somebody 's old chopstick stick in my ass , so do not tell I you be sorry . just take I home . lee no time . there be a explosion at the american embassy today -- two american translator be kill . Carter take this in . can not believe he own bad luck . carter so that ricky Tan , he 's the one who blow up the embassy ? ext . monastery school - early morning Lee and Carter walk into a massive courtyard , where thirty 12 year old be go through they warm up routine . master fu , 60' , wear a black robe as he teach he kid . carter I be tell you right now , I be tired of this shit . there 's two billion chinese - let one of they be you partner . lee this will not take long . master fu bark out a barrage of shaolin fighting stance . master fu Dragon kick ! like well - train army , the student yell and kick hard . master fu ( cont 'd ) Lotus block ! the student yell and form a " X " with they arm . master fu notice Carter and Lee watch from the back . master fu ( cont 'd ) twist Tiger ! no response . the student exchange baffle look . master fu ( cont 'd ( cont 'd ) ( stare straight at Lee ) twist Tiger ! Lee may be a big rusty , but he put on a shit-kick move that leave the student blow away . Lee smile , bask in the glow ... ... until he see master fu 's disappointment . master fu ( cont 'd ) do not I teach you to always arch you back ? lee ( bow , humble ) yes , master . while Lee follow master fu , Carter stand in front of the 12 year old , who sit motionless around a fight circle . Carter start stretch he leg , warming up . carter I be watch you kid . my name be Carter , lapd , and I be a third degree black belt . at least that 's what I tell the girl at the holiday Health spa where I work out . Carter throw a series of quick punch , but the kid have no reaction . carter ( cont 'd ) let I give you kid some tip . the key to kung fu be the follow through . why do not you stand up . the kide don 't move , no reaction . Carter continue to throw punch . carter ( cont 'd ) go ahead , kick I , hit I . I will show you how to block . come on , stand up , give I you best shot -- try to kick right to my head . the kid still do not move . Carter , work up a sweat from shadow fight , take off he jacket , draping it over the holy buddha behind he -- a mistake . he swing back around to face the kid and never sees the kick that send he fly back onto the mat . he look around and see all of the kid stand , in fighting position . carter ( cont 'd ) that 's pretty good . which one of you kid do that ? int . courtyard pathway - continuous Lee and master fu walk . lee I need you help , master . I be seek a man who use to train with you . he 's become a killer - the worst kind of animal . master fu animal kill only from hunger or fear . the man you seek be lower than a serpent . ( face Lee ) ... he kill for money . in the b.g. , we see the kid leaping acrobatically over Carter from all side . Carter , frustrated , try to grab the kid out of the air as they fly by , but they elude he . they disappear o.s . Lee and master fu walk another moment , master fu lose in think . master fu ( cont 'd ) he be the best I ever train , you know . lee ricky Tan ? master fu no. you father . ( Lee react ) you father and ricky Tan be my favorite student ... and for such awful thing to happen as they do -- Lee cut off master fu 's reminisc -- he 's obviously uncomfortable . lee how do I find ricky Tan ? again in the b.g. , Carter and the fly kid go zipping by in the other direction , disappear o.s . master fu pat the soil around a struggle plant . master fu a seed spend its entire life reach towards Heaven . lee I know , master , but ... master fu the answer you seek can be find in Heaven on Earth . lee Heaven on Earth ? master , I do not understand . ( work it ) a temple , where Heaven be on Earth ? a mountain , where Earth reach for the -- master fu it 's a massage parlor downtown . " Heaven on Earth . " you will find you answer there . Lee bow to master fu , slowly turn to walk back down the pathway . master fu ( cont 'd ) wait ! put a c-note in the jar . Lee put a few bill in the jar , head down a pathway . master fu walk over and take the cash . master fu ( cont 'd ) cheap bastard ... ext . monastery school - continuous Lee emerge from the path , stop when he see Carter -- two student headlocked under each arm , another two scissor lock between he leg , hold another two down with he hand , and sit on the last one . carter and that 's how you use the lapd choke hold . now start practice and do not make I come back here ! lee Carter ... you ready to have some fun !? ext . heaven on earth massage parlor - day a neon light hang above the upscale massage parlor . lee just follow my lead and act like a tourist . carter I be a tourist . int . heaven on earth massage parlor - continuous Lee and Carter walk into a upscale massage parlor and stand in a lobby . soft music be play . hostess good afternoon , gentleman . Lee bow , follow by Carter . lee ( in chinese ) hello . carter how you doin ' ? lee my friend be on vacation , from America . I want to show he a good time . hostess oh , you american ? carter that 's right . hostess you bring american money ? carter ( hold up a platinum amex ) never leave home without it . ( to Lee ) Lee , this one 's on I . you save you money . the hostess take Carter by the arm , walk over to a hidden sliding door - slide it open to reveal twenty beautiful women . Carter truly be in Heaven . hostess you get massage from chinese girl before ? carter no . it 's my first time . hostess you pick any girl for you and you friend . Carter look like a kid in a candy store . carter any girl ? okay . let 's start with that one . hostess oh yes , she 's very nice . carter she be nice . but I be very tense . I be gonna need a lot of massage . I will take that one , too . how you doin ' , baby ? and ... that one in pink . she can do my foot . Lee elbow Carter . lee what be you do ? carter she say I could pick any girl I want . lee well , hurry up . carter hey ! you do not break in front of a black man in a buffet line . hostess ( to Lee ) you friend have big appetite . ( hand robe to Lee and Carter ) please put this on and wait upstairs in the quiet room . int . quiet room massage parlor - day twenty men in silk robe lie in recline chair , woman massage they foot and hand . there be big screen tv 's show nature film , relaxation music play in the background . Lee and Carter sit in the quiet room dress in matching purple robe . Lee wear slipper , Carter wear he high top . Carter be enjoy a hand and neck massage at the same time . a woman walk over and hand they each a drink . carter now I be on vacation . I know you would come through , Lee . lee do not respond . lee be staring at someone on the far side of the room . a man who radiate a unique blend of sophistication and brutality . carter ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? lee over there -- that 's ricky Tan . carter that 's ricky Tan ? he 's four foot tall . I will go over with you right now , shake he down . lee this be a very dangerous man . carter I be a dangerous man . you be not gonna ruin my massage because of some midget in a house coat . lee I be call for back up ! Lee get up from a chair , hurriedly exit . Carter look at ricky tan -- sit quietly in he chair with he laptop computer on he knee . Carter make a decision , get up and walk towards he . carter ricky Tan , I have be look all over for you . get up . Tan look up for a moment , a smile . ricky tan I be busy at the moment . carter I say get on you foot ! ricky tan I know you , detective Carter , right ? you be Lee 's american friend . enjoy you visit ? carter I be Lee 's new muscle , he right arm -- and do not let the robe fool you . this be the only color they have leave . now get up ! Tan laugh , go back to he laptop . carter grab the laptop from ricky and throw it across the room - shatter it against the wall . ricky glance at he man who be seat around the room wait to move . carter ( cont 'd ) I tell you to get on you foot ! have hear the commotion , Lee arrive by Carter 's side , breathless , as Tan look up , surprised . ricky tan Lee , I have miss you , brother . ( get up , give Lee a hug ) I hear about the two Americans , I be so sorry , you must be under great pressure . lee you must come with I for question . carter let 's go . I have get girl and chicken and hot oil wait for I . ricky tan I do not think so ... a nod of ricky Tan 's head , and ten large men in robe and towel spring out of recline chair -- menacingly face Lee and Carter . a beat ... carter I would like to pay you for that laptop . ricky tan it 's no problem . but I must excuse myself , inspector . carter that 's Chief Inspector , he get promote . Tan bow to Lee and Carter . ricky tan congratulation . and good day . as Tan start to exit , Lee and Carter move to intercept he . but they be block by tan' men . Lee grab one of the man 's towel and pull it off . the man cover he naked body . Lee be grab by one of the other henchmen , but he escape and begin kick ass , use the towel and he own robe to block and wrap another man 's arm -- block , kick , and punch everything in sight -- all the while manage to keep he private cover with a towel , he robe , or some other find object . Carter , meanwhile , use he quick hand to send several man fly back -- grab a towel of one of they . carter ( ref : he private ) damn ! no wonder you be piss off . Carter use the towel like Lee do to block and trap one of the man 's punch . in the middle of fight , Lee be suddenly expose -- he flinch to cover himself and be punch from behind . momentarily stunne , he 's lift from behind -- two man throw he out the front door . Carter be also overpower by two man , who lift he over they shoulder . ext . hong kong highway - day ricky Tan 's black limo screech to a stop . the door fly open and Lee and Carter be tossed out onto the highway . both man be completely naked . ext . hong kong police station - day a pack street - Lee and Carter dodging in and out of people . the camera pan and we see Lee and Carter from behind . carter goddamn you get a small ass . lee do not look at my ass ! int . hong kong police station - bullpen - day pandemonium the station be pack with Americans -- FBI agent , secret service ... they have set up shop right in the middle of the bullpen . superindendent chin be argue with special agent sterling , a 50 - year old hard ass who be in charge of this circus . special agent sterling Chin , you have be order by the Ministry of Public Security to assist the FBI and secret service with we investigation , to provide we with whatever we need . if you have information , it belong to we . superindendent chin this be still Hong Kong . special agent sterling two Americans have be kill on United States government property -- this be we investigation . superindendent chin Chief Inspector Lee will brief you people ... special agent sterling no . he will report to I . do we understand each other ? suddenly all eye turn as Carter and Lee enter the bullpen . out of breath , still robe : Lee cover himself with a trash can lid , Carter use a red construction cone . special agent sterling ( cont 'd ) who the hell be that ? superindendent chin ( humiliate ) that be ... Chief Inspector Lee . the detective in charge of we investigation . special agent sterling put a diaper on he , Chin . I want to talk to the great Inspector Lee . int . lee' office - day the shade be down as Lee frantically get dress , put on a suit and fix he tie . Carter finish put on a black chinese style suit from Lee 's closet , then move for the door . lee where be you go ? carter back to Heaven on Earth . I need my damn passport back . I be go home . lee Fine . go home . who need you . carter why you mad at I ? you need back - up , so I back you up . I be about to take out ricky Tan and that bodyguard . lee stop ! I be sick of you bullshit ! carter my bullshit ? I be not the one who go to a karaoke bar fill with gangster ! I be not the one who go to massage parlor to bust crime lord ! lee it 's my job ! carter you be pathetic , man . when 's the last time you have some fun ? when 's the last time you take a night off , have a date ? lee I have plenty of date . carter really ? when 's the last time you have some mu-shu let 's hear it , Lee , when be it ? Year of the rat ? lee you would never understand my life . you be not chinese . carter and you be not black ! the two man look at each other for a long beat . Lee quickly walk out , slamm the door behind he , leave Carter half dress . int . superindendent chin' office - day Lee walk in , see sterling sit at Chin 's desk . Chin stand in the back . superindendent chin Lee , this be special agent sterling from the United States secret service . lee the secret service ? why ? sterling what I be about to tell you can not leave this room . the man who be kill yesterday be not american translator . they be undercover U.S. custom agent try to break a triad smuggle ring . we do not know what they be transport out of Hong Kong , but whatever it be , it get the agent kill . lee how can we help ? sterling stay the hell out of we way . lee I can get to ricky Tan . sterling we know all about Tan . that 's why we be leave he out there as bait . we think this be a lot bigger than just ricky Tan and he fu-cang -long triad . int . lee' office - continuous Carter be on the phone , he foot on Lee 's desk . as he talk he open a drawer , pull out a wad of cash and pocket it . carter Captain , you be gonna have to speak up . I be on a car phone ! int . captain diel be office - lapd headquarters - day captain diel sit behind he desk talk on the phone . captain diel be it true , Carter ? be you in Hong Kong right now ? carter Hong Kong ? I be not in Hong Kong . I be in Hollywood -- right at sunset and vine , two minute from the station . how about I pick you up right now and take you to dinner ? captain diel it 's nine - thirty in the morning . carter do I say dinner ? I mean diner . biscuit and gravy , you love that shit . captain diel do you know what happen yesterday , Carter ? I be officially nominate for the commissioner 's post for the lapd . there be a dinner last night , two hundred lapd officer be there . carter two hundred cop ? be mario sanchez there ? he owe I money . captain diel I have wait my whole life for this job , but I do not have a shot in hell of get it . do you know why ? carter be it because of the hooker , sir ? you tell they there 's no crime in be lonely . captain diel no , Carter . the reason I be screw be because the entire department be about to find out the steal credit card we impound be use to buy two first class upgrade to Hong Kong . and what the hell be Heaven on Earth ? carter Sir , I be work on a big case over here -- and by the time I get back they be gonna make you Governor . Captain , you there ? hello ? shit ! as Carter walk out the door , he brushes past hu li , who be stand in the hallway disguise as a fed ex delivery person . Carter check she out as he exit . ext . STREET - day carter start walk down the street , make he way past a outdoor butcher market , get strange look from local and tourist alike . he motion to a old woman who be sell live duck , pigeon and chicken carter how you do ? can you direct I to the Heaven on Earth massage parlor ? the old woman stare at Carter , start motion to she cage fill with bird . carter ( cont 'd ) no , I do not eat live bird . I like my bird dead and deep fry . you ever be to popey ? the woman take out a bird , hold up a hatchet . carter ( cont 'd ) no , do not do that , I have a big lunch . I be warning you , I be a police officer -- just put the blade down and let the bird go . int . hong kong police station - bullpen / lee' office - day Lee walk out of the Captain 's office , head for he own office - but never get there . a explosion rip through the second floor of the station . Lee diving for safety as glass and debris shoot over he head . sheer pandemonium as Lee quickly look up at he destroy office , try to get to he foot . stunned police officer and detective be crowded around Lee 's office , look at the rubble . Lee push through the crowd -- it 's all smoke and fire . now way anyone hold back by the heat . lee Carter ! carter ! ext . hong kong STREET - day Carter walk down the street hold a cage with a live red bird inside . he stop a man who be sweeping in front of he store . carter how you do ? I be look for Heaven on Earth . the man stare at Carter , watch as he pull out he : english / chinese dictionary carter ( cont 'd ) shan -shui cao guo-jiu , pao gai niu tao zi . man you wish to spank my sister with a ping pong paddle ? carter no man , I be just ask ... man wait here . I will go see if she 's awake . as the man walk into he store , Carter run off . pause . Carter stroll back into frame , peer into the store to see if it 's worth stay ... int . hong kong police station - bull pen - day Lee sit by himself in shock . superindendent Chin approach . lee all he want be some mu-shu . superindendent chin be you okay , Lee ? beat . lee I be sorry , I have to go . ext . heaven on earth massage parlor - afternoon Carter finally make he way to the massage parlor , move for the front door when he see ricky tan exit . Carter duck to the side and watch as ricky climb into the back of a wait Daimler . the Daimler drive off . Carter rush to the middle of the street with a determine look on he face . carter I be gonna solve this case myself . taxi ! Carter flag down a cab , jump in the back seat . int . taxi - evening the cab driver turn to Carter , who motion to the limo . carter ( loud ) follow that limo . the cab Driver continue to stare at Carter . carter ( cont 'd ) you understand what I be say ? follow that car ! where it go , you go ! this be a chase -- we be chase that limo ! ( beat ) we be still park -- we be not move ! this be the opposite of chase -- drive the car or I will kill you ! the driver slowly turn , hold out he hand . Carter fish in he pocket hand the cab driver a wad of cash . cab driver now you speak my language . int . lee' car - day Lee drive , misty - eye . rap music play over the stereo . Lee turn it up , slowly move he head to the music , in tribute to Carter . his cell phone ring , he turn down the music . intercut -- int . chin' office - continuous superindendent chin Lee , we just get a call from the harbor patrol . ricky Tan be throw a little party on he boat tonight . Victoria harbor . if you do not want to ... lee do you tell sterling ? superindendent chin let he find out on he own . I want the Hong Kong police handle this . lee thank you . Lee hang up . a look of intensity . he crank the rap music up , a man on a mission . ext . yacht - harbor - night a 190 - foot yacht be anchore in Victoria Harbor . ricky Tan walk along the top deck with hu li , disappear into a crowd of people who be party on the ship . Carter step out of the cab . carter stay here . I will be right back . you understand ? cab driver yes . I understand . Carter step out of the cab , which immediately drive off , leave he alone on the dock . Carter look around the dock -- a pull up valet station parking fancy car , rich people get on the boat as they name be check off a list by two doormen . int . yacht - night a huge party , a live band play for a crowd of business man , politician and beautiful woman - a who 's who of Hong Kong . carter walk up to the front of the boat -- two doormen holding clipboard immediately stop he . doorman # 1 invitation , please . carter I be with the band . I be the lead singer . doorman # 1 the band have be play over a hour . carter I get hold up at a wedding in tai koo . ricky here yet , I need to get he request . as Carter walk past the doorman -- doorman # 1 wait . carter last party all he want be sting -- not one person dance . tonight I be do superfreak , I do not care what he say . where be he ? doorman # 1 Mr. Tan be not to be disturb by the help . Carter turn back to the doorman , grab he by the collar . carter help ? I be not the help , man -- I be the star . that 's my band up there -- I control the mood , the groove , the atmosphere . Carter cut a smoking dance move . carter ( cont 'd ) can you do that ? ( man shake head " no " ) that 's why you be down here and I be up there . now this be my party -- do not forget it ! Carter walk onto the ship , start sing to himself . ext . yacht - harbor - continuous the ship' horn sound , the yacht start to head out to sea . Lee step out of he car , see the yacht be pull out of the slip . he run along the side of the boat , have no choice but to jump from the end of the pier , landing hard on the side of the ship , somehow hold onto a porthole window . he cling to the yacht , then throw himself toward a hang lifeboat , climb up the side and jump toward the top rail -- ext . yacht - continuous as Carter walk through the ship , he grab a handful of food from a waiter , he eye search the crowd , round a corner - almost step right into hu li , who 's approach steven reign . Steven reign be in he 50' -- perfectly groom , impeccably dress - he look and bear say one thing -- money . he 's get the big party smile on , but as Hu Li arrive , reign 's face shift and he eye go dead -- the billionaire as sociopath . Carter step back , but see reign whisper to Hu li. Carter hide and turn away as Hu Li instinctively scan the room for sign of trouble . he head into the main party . Carter stop walk when he come upon isabella molina , a stun brunette , sit at the bar drink a glass of champagne . Carter light she cigarette for she . carter how you do , baby ? my name be Prince mubutu from Nigeria . isabella isabella molina , from San Juan . that seat be take . carter ( in mangle Spanish ) San Juan ! you must know my good friend pedro martinez hernandez hector elizondo . isabella ( in English ) I do not think so . carter I be sorry , you look like you travel in the best circle . but hey , I understand . make yourself at home , isabella . Champagne , caviar , whatever you want . my ship be you ship . isabella this be you ship ? carter that 's right . I be the owner , the Captain -- you can call I El capitan . isabella El capitan ? carter I do not want to play game with you , isabella . I like you . I can see myself with you -- in one of that bathroom over there in about five minute . isabella well , I be very tempt . it 's such a beautiful yacht . what 's it call ? carter call ? what 's my ship call ? ( he have no idea ) well ... it 's call the s.s. minnow Johnson . isabella the s.s. minow Johnson . funny , the name on the back be " Red Dragon . " carter Red Dragon ? you sure about that ? isabella I be sure , because this be my friend 's yacht . and it 's he party . carter you friend 's ship ? ( look around ) oh , man . I must have walk onto the wrong yacht . I know there be a reason my key do not work . steven reign ( take seat next to isabella ) who 's you friend ? isabella somebody who get on the wrong yacht . carter wait a second . you be Steven reign ? you be big time . you own all they big hotel . what be you do in Hong Kong ? steven reign ( ushere away isabella ) I be just in town for the weekend , take in the sight . isabella enjoy the party , Mr. Carter . Carter nod , wave . Steven reign and isabella walk away . Carter 's watch . int . ship' hallway - night Lee make he way toward a staircase that be block by a bodyguard . he quickly disarm the guard and grab he by the throat , push he against the wall . lee ricky Tan . where be he ? bodyguard # 1 who 's ask ? lee the Hong Kong Police . he kill a detective today and he 's not get away with it . now where be he ? carter yeah . tell we ! and do not play game or we will kick you lie ass ! Lee slowly turn around and look at Carter , who be stand right behind he . lee Carter ? carter who die ? lee you . carter detective yu ? never meet he . lee not yu. you ! carter who ? lee do you understand the word that be come out of my mouth ? carter nobody understand the word that be come out of you mouth . bodyguard # 1 get you hand in the air . Lee and Carter turn to see four bodyguard stand in front of they with gun in hand . bodyguard # 1 ( cont 'd ) ricky Tan be expect you . int . ricky tan be yacht - MAIN cabin - night it look like hugh hefner' bedroom complete with round bed and sunken bar . ricky Tan sit in front of a big screen satellite tv scream at the laker . Hu Li open the door and the bodyguard lead Lee into the bedroom . ricky tan come on , shaq , hit a damn free-throw ! you can do it , big guy . on tv we see shaq miss he free throw . ricky tan ( cont 'd ) shit ! he still do not follow through . I just lose five grand . Tan turn off the tv , turn to Lee . ricky tan ( cont 'd ) why do not we go on the deck , get some air ... and some privacy . ( to Hu Li ) leave we alone . Hu Li hesitates , upset at be dismiss . ricky tan ( cont 'd ) ( to Lee ) could you have you partner wait for we outside ? carter I be not he partner , I be a tourist . I get proof . see , I get a mini-bar key . lee ( to Carter ) I will meet you on the main deck in ten minute . Carter pull Lee aside . carter what , leave you alone so he can cap you ? lee I be okay , you go . carter why the hell should you believe he ? he have we beat up . nake . that 's nasty shit . lee remember I tell you my father be a policeman ? ( beat ) ricky Tan be he partner for ten year . carter ( pause ) what the hell be go on here ? no answer . Carter hold Lee 's glance for a beat , then turn and walk the other way . ext . ricky tan be yacht - upper deck - night Tan and Lee reach the upper deck , where they be alone . ricky tan despite what people suspect ... what you suspect -- lee do not . ricky Tan hear the steel in Lee 's voice , acknowledge it . ricky tan ... if you father be alive , I would be turn to he now . ( beat ) I do not blow up the american embassy , but I believe some of my people do . my enemy be try to frame I . ( beat ) there be a war go on within the triad -- and I be go to lose . my name have be write into the book of death . lee the police can protect you . ricky tan nobody can protect I . I will make a deal with you , Lee . but only iff you will get I out of Hong Kong . lee tell I why they kill the custom agent . ricky tan there be a ship , in the Hong Kong Harbor ... Hu Li burst onto the deck , flanke by four bodyguard . ricky Tan scream something at Hu Li in chinese . Hu Li scream back as she empties her gun into ricky's chest . Tan fall back , over the rail , and into the water . Lee move toward hu li , but the four bodyguard be on Lee , attack from all side . Hu Li exit as Lee try to fight off the bodyguard . int . ricky tan be yacht - MAIN cabin - night reaction from the crowd as gunshot echo from the deck above . int . ship' hallway - continuous Hu Li move quickly down the hallway , round a corner and suddenly go flying , landing flat on she face . it 's Carter , who run to the sound of the gunshot , and trip Hu Li with he leg . carter all right , get you hand up . Hu Li backflip up -- kick Carter in the head . ext . upper deck - continuous Lee take down bodyguard # 1 , but be still fight three on one . a furious exchange of acrobatic blow between Lee and bodyguard # 2 . int . ship' hallway - continuous Carter and Hu Li face off . carter you wanna piece of I ? c'mon , I will give you a little lapd ass kickin' . Hu Li savage Carter with a series of punish blow . int . upper deck - continuous Lee manage to defeat bodyguard # 3 and # 4 . as he catch he breath the sound of a speed boat start its engine . lee Hu li! Lee run to the rail -- look down to see a speedboat start to pull away from the ship . Hu Li jump onboard the move boat . Lee start to turn for the stair , run down towards the stern . ext . yacht - stern - continuous Lee and Carter run up to the stern at the same time -- watch helplessly as Hu Li get away in the speed boat . Carter turn he head , see -- -- steven reign at the other end of the boat , watch Hu Li escape , not at all behave like a panicky billionaire should during a gangland shoot . wordlessly , reign disappear back into the shadow . ext . dock - night the yacht be anchore . a few triad lead away in handcuffs . thrown into patrol car that have surround the dock . sterling , Chin , Lee and Carter on the dock . special agent sterling quite a night , Inspector . ricky Tan be we only bait , and now he 's go . you finally get you revenge - at the expense of a U.S. government investigation . carter what " revenge " be he talk about ? special agent sterling I do not know if the fu-cang - Long pay you to get rid of Tan , or whether it be a pure vendetta kill -- but you be off this case . I do not ever want to see you again , you get that ? carter hey , you , secret service man , what be you -- special agent sterling stay out of it , Carter . you be go back to l.a . carter Fine with I . sterling walk away disgust . superindendent chin I be sorry Lee , but my order be to fully cooperate with the secret service . Lee nod a respectful but bitter acknowledgment . Chin motion for two uniform Hong Kong police officer to approach . superindendent chin ( cont 'd ) ( to police officer ) escort detective Carter to the airport -- lee I will take he . carter Hell no . the Hong Kong police officer produce handcuff . beat . carter ( cont 'd ) ( to Lee ) Fine . but do not expect I to talk to you . Carter stalk off . lee do not push I , Carter . I be in no mood for you bullshit . Carter get in Lee 's face . the two man look like they be about to come to blow . carter what be you gonna do about it , grasshopper ? lee I will bitch slap you into bangkok . carter give I you best shot , you flat ass mama 's boy . lee do not be talk about my mama . or my ass ! carter I hear you mama pull a rickshaw . lee no . she 's a school teacher . carter you be not very good at this , be you ? lee good at what ? carter forget it . a long beat while Lee consider what to say . lee five year ago , my father be Chief Inspector work a big international smuggle case . carter ask I if I give a shit . Lee wait a beat , then drop the bombshell . lee ricky Tan kill my father . Carter be suddenly all ear , listen intently now to Lee . lee ( cont 'd ) he find out he partner , Tan , have be work for the triad all along . ( beat ) before my father could prove it , he be kill in the line of duty . carter how the hell do Tan get away with it ? lee all the evidence against he disappear , the smuggle case be unsolve . Tan resign and go over to the triad openly . carter ( pause ) this be about you daddy 's death ? Hell , Lee , you know my father die on the job . you could have tell I ... ( realize ) this be about more than all that , be not it ? this be about you daddy 's last case , right ? Lee 's catch , fib badly . lee no , no , that would be crazy -- carter you think the " custom Agents get blow up " and " smuggle " and " ricky Tan " and you put it all together and come up with a five year old case . that 's why you do not tell I what we be do ... lee I think you would think it be crazy . carter it be crazy ! lee I know . I know . I be sorry . Lee incline he head , stiffly , turn and walk toward he car . Carter watch he . finally he roll he eye and yell . carter so be you get on the plane or not ?! lee what ? carter come on , we still get time to order the kosher meal . always get the kosher meal , they bring it first . lee I can not go to LA ... Carter step close , and for a second we see the man and the cop beneath the attitude . carter it sound impossible -- lee you say -- carter -- but if somebody give I the chance to square up my father 's death , I would go to hell to do it . Carter turn , walk away without look back . carter ( cont 'd ) you want to figure out why they kill you daddy , get on the plane . lee why LA ? carter ( still not turn ) I guess you be go to have to trust I on this one . int . 747 passenger compartment Carter and Lee be get comfortable among all the other passenger , prepare to take off . Lee have a moment of doubt . lee I should go back . ricky Tan mention a boat in Hong Kong Harbor ... carter Lee , let I introduce you to the Carter Theory of criminal investigation : follow the Rich White man . lee follow the Rich White man ? carter almost , but you have get to say " Rich White man " all run together like it 's one word . lee follow the richwhiteman ... carter not bad . now every crime , somewhere , have a rich white man take he cut . every single one . now in we case , we know the rich white man be Steven reign . lee who ? carter Big hotel billionaire . he be on ricky Tan 's boat order Hu Li around just before ricky get smoke . lee how do you know he 's we man ? carter because when the shoot start he be way too cool . see most white people , when there 's shoot , they either hide in a toilet or start scream high pitch like " aaaahhh !!! aaaahh !!!! lee you sound like that all the time . carter Black people keep they cool when the shit go down . lee maybe . but not like asian . we never panic . carter yeah , what about when godzilla be come ? you people be scream you ass off . lee just tell I where I can find this Steven reign . carter the same place you find all richwhiteman . ( a tray arrive ) gefilte Fish . lox and bagel . I love this stuff . here , try it with a smear . binoculars p.o.v. the reign tower HOTEL CUT to reveal -- Carter stand at a window hold high - power binocular . Lee stand next to he . we be : int . cheap HOTEL room - downtown LA - night carton of chinese food be all over the sleazy , run down hotel room . the light low , the curtain open a crack . binoculars p.o.v . - the reign HOTEL travel up the side of the reign Hotel . stop at the penthouse floor - where we see isabella talk with Steven reign in a hotel room . after a beat , reign walk to the door . Carter flip the binocular to Lee , who start watch . carter yeah , that 's definitely the woman from ricky Tan 's boat , and she 's stay in he suite at he hotel , I tell you this would work out . they still just talk ? lee he just leave . kiss she on the cheek . carter he will be back soon . lee how do you know ? carter look at she . now , wake I in a hour , I will take over . Lee lower the binocular , turn to Carter , who be try to sleep on the bed . lee Carter , there 's something I have to tell you . you be right about what you say in Hong Kong . all I do be work . never take a day off . it 's all I have right now . carter hey , I do not mean to call you pathetic . lee the truth be , I have not have any mu - shu in six month . carter you pull a muscle or something ? lee my fiancee leave I over the summer -- a month before we wedding . carter I be sorry , Lee . why do she leave you ? lee it 's a long story . carter let I guess , she could not handle the cop thing -- never know if you be dead or alive . I have see it a million time . lee no . it be my sing . carter Excuse I ? lee she hate my voice . Said it drive she crazy . I sing to she all the time - in bed - in the shower - I think she like it . she finally tell I it be drive she crazy . Carter stare at Lee for a long beat . carter Lee , maybe it 's best if we do not discuss we personal life . let 's die curious . lee lift the binoculars - turn back to the building . carter ( cont 'd ) what 's she do ? binoculars p.o.v . - on isabella she walk to the bedroom , where we see she through sheer curtain . slowly take off she coat . carter ( cont 'd ) Lee ? you okay ? Lee 's eye go wide as isabella drop she coat and start to unbutton she blouse . lee she 's just stand around -- not do much . carter just do not fall asleep . sooner or later something 's gonna happen . lee I will try to stay awake . it 's so boring . isabella start to remove she blouse . Lee start to sweat as he watch she undress . lee ( cont 'd ) slow down , baby . carter what do you say ? lee nothing . I say nothing . Lee lower he binocular , step away from the window . lee ( cont 'd ) be it hot in here ? carter hot ? I be freezing my ass off . lee I be gonna go in the hall and get a bucket of ice . you want some ice ? carter what 's go on ? Lee stare at Carter , look daze . lee she 's get undress . carter gimme the binocular . lee no . it 's not right . carter gimme the binocular or I will shoot you . Lee hand Carter the binocular , then turn he back as Carter watch to the window . lee what 's she do ? carter oh , sweet glory hallelujah ... lee I do not want to hear this . carter skirt just come off . she 's in black bra and panty -- Victoria secret spring catalogue , page 27 -- wait a sec - there 's a tattoo on she leave thigh ... it look like snoopy . lee snoopy ? I love snoopy . carter she just take she hair down . now she 's go for the bra -- the clasp be in front -- she 's use both hand . ( to Lee ) you better get that ice . Lee step in front of Carter , block he view . lee that 's enough . we should not be do this ! isabella suddenly drop undress and walk back to the live room to pick up the phone . we see she clearly now in bra and panty . carter this be we job . we take a oath as police officer . if we do not do this , who will ? firemen ? Lee back off , and Carter step back to the window . he see isabella hang up the phone . carter ( cont 'd ) wait a sec - what the hell be that between she leg ? lee what ? carter she 's reach into she panty -- something be strapped to she leg . oh , God ... please do not let it be a dick . lee what be it ? carter no , I do not believe this shit -- it 's a microphone . Lee , she 's wire ... close on isabella as she turn to the window . a tape recorder in hand . she put the recording device away , walk back into the bedroom and put on a robe . lee I do not understand ? carter she 's walk back towards the door . binoculars p.o.v. we see isabella wear a robe - stand at the door of she hotel room talk with someone . carter ( cont 'd ) she open the door . someone be deliver a package . binoculars p.o.v. Inside the hotel room we see hu li hand she a package . carter ( cont 'd ) Lee ... it 's the girl who deliver the package to you office . it 's a bomb ! Lee and Carter bolt on the move - sprinting out of the room . int . reign tower HOTEL - penthouse suite - night isabella close the door . she bring the bomb with her as she walk into the bedroom -- ext . reign tower HOTEL - continuous Carter and Lee run across the street , head towards the entrance of the hotel . int . reign tower HOTEL - hallway - continuous Lee and Carter sprint out the penthouse elevator , run down the hallway . int . reign tower HOTEL - penthouse suite - continuous isabella take she robe off , glance at the package , pick it up and start to open it as Lee and Carter come bursting through the bedroom door . lee / carter no ! Carter and Lee stare at isabella , who stand in bra and panty . carter damn girl , you fine . Lee lower he eye as isabella look at he , grab the bomb , Carter follow he as they sprint out the bedroom . int . reign tower HOTEL - continuous Lee and Carter run out the suite - Lee throw the bomb toward the end of the hall as he and Carter dive to the floor . nothing happen . Lee look up , sees a HOTEL employee push a room service cart , about to walk right past the package -- lee get down !! Lee and Carter run back to the bomb . carter pick it up ! lee it 's you turn ! carter I do not need a turn ! Carter pick it up , start run with it through the hall , head for the elevator . lee throw it ! Carter be about to throw it in , when he sees a older couple stand inside . HOTEL guest do you want we to hold the elevator ? carter get the hell away from here ! Carter be still hold the bomb , do not know what to do with it -- lee stair ! Carter throw he the bomb , and Lee run to the stair -- int . stairwell - night Lee be about to throw the bomb down the stairwell -- when he see two maids walking toward he . carter get out of the building ! Lee look horrify as he hang onto the package , have no choice but to throw it back to Carter . lee roof ! ext . reign tower HOTEL - roof - night Lee and Carter burst through the roof door - Carter try to hold the bomb as far away from himself as possible . he look over the side for a place to dump it - the street be fill with people and car . lee wait ! there 's people down there ! carter there 's people up here ! lee get it out of here ! carter take it ! Lee take the bomb , quickly roll it across the roof -- Lee and Carter diving to the ground once again as the bomb slide to the center of the roof - coming to a stop right in front of isabella . she 's wear a bathrobe now , clearly piss off as she slowly bend down and pick up the package . isabella get on you foot . Lee and Carter stand and face isabella - watch as isabella begin to open the package . carter I would not do that !!! lee it 's a bomb . isabella open the package , remove a stack of a hundre dollar bill . isabella you see , no bomb . now stay away before I throw you both in jail for obstruction . carter throw we in jail ? I be about to bust you right now . isabella I be a undercover agent for the United States secret service . carter how do we know you be not lie ? let I see you badge . isabella open she bathrobe -- we see a small badge pin to she bra . carter ( cont 'd ) let I see it again ? lee we can help you . I be a detective in Hong Kong . isabella I know who you be , Inspector Lee . lee then you know I be not walk away from this case . carter yeah , that 's right . isabella we need to get out of sight . come down to my suite . int . isabella's suite - later isabella ( she lock the door ) look , I have be work this case for month now ... carter so what 's you story ? isabella they think I be a crooked custom agent . Lee examine the stack of hundre dollar bill from Hu Li 's package . Carter check out the suite , pockete some of the food from the mini fridge . lee be this a payoff ? isabella no . it 's a sample . you guy ever hear of the superbill ? carter it 's a myth . some kind of counterfeit . isabella it 's much more than a counterfeit . 14 out of 15 world bank can not tell the difference . the paper be crane linen blend -- and the bill be print on U.S. intaglio press . carter how're they get into the U.S. mint to use the press ? isabella in 1959 , the United States be very friendly with the shah of Iran . we want he oil , so for the shah 's birthday , the government give he a gift -- a U.S. treasury intaglio press . the only one to ever leave the country . five year ago ricky Tan buy that press on the black market . lee five year ago ?! ( beat ) that 's right before he leave the force . Lee and Carter exchange look . isabella it be not hard to spot the fake until this past year . then Tan get hold of one of a kind swiss make hundred dollar plate -- and start make superbills . lee ( understanding ) and Hu Li kill he for the plate . isabella yes . they have print and ship one hundred million dollar , and there 's only one way to spot a fake . isabella light a hundre dollar bill on fire , and it burn red . isabella ( cont 'd ) they use a optical transfer ink from India that burn red -- the real ink burn black . carter what the hell be they go to do with a hundred million dollar in funny money ? isabella the real question be , where be the plate ? if we can find the plate , we can stop the whole operation . isabella think for a beat . isabella ( cont 'd ) maybe that 's where you can help we . Carter , this be you city , right ? Carter nod . isabella ( cont 'd ) and Lee , you know Hu Li and the triad ? Lee nod . isabella ( cont 'd ) okay , find out where Hu Li 's keep the plate . ( hand Lee a card with a phone number ) welcome aboard , gentleman . from this moment on , you be work for the United States secret service . isabella open the door to let Lee and Carter out . they exit quickly , try to hide they excitement . camera stays on isabella as she take out she cell phone , punch in a number . sterling ( o.s. ) sterling . isabella Lee and Carter be officially out of the secret service 's way ... ext . reign tower HOTEL - continuous Lee and Carter , both wear dark sunglass , walk through the street try they best to look like secret service Agents . they approach Carter 's park vette . carter secret service agent Carter . this be my call , Lee . give I six month and I will be in Washington protect a white guy . lee we both know you would never take a bullet for someone else . carter they do not know that . what be they gonna do , try and shoot the President during the interview ? I will bet isabella can pull some string . you see the way she be stare at I . lee she never even look at you . carter you be just jealous ' cos the girl pick I . I be tall , dark and handsome , you be third world ugly . lee I be not third world ugly . woman like I , they think I be cute . like snoopy . carter snoopy be about six inch taller than you . I be sorry , Lee , you never have a chance . Carter 's have the last word , he get into the vette . Lee reluctantly get in , too . ext . crenshaw kitchen - chinese soul food restaurant - night Carter 's vette pull up in front of a hole in the wall . int . crenshaw kitchen - continuous Carter and Lee pass through the restaurant , only two table be occupy . int . kitchen Carter and Lee enter the busy kitchen where the owner , a black man name kenny , be yell in chinese to a over work waiter . Kenny 's wife , a spectacular look chinese woman , work the stove . a couple of cute half - black , half asian kid run around the kitchen . carter Kenny ! how you doin ' ? Kenny look up at Carter . a cool , appraise glance . carter ( cont 'd ) how 's the action tonight ? the house make out okay ? Kenny follow as Carter open a door to -- int . back room - continuous men seat around several card table , play mah - jongg for big money . Lee and Kenny follow Carter inside . it 's very smokey and very crowded . carter ( to Kenny ) this be where I say I be lapd in a loud voice , they all scream and run and shit . watch . it 's real funny . Kenny grab Carter 's shoulder , pull he aside . kenny come with I . int . kitchen - continuous Kenny lead Carter and Lee in , close the door . kenny hear you get you ass kick in Hong Kong , James . carter what ?? where would you hear that ? kenny I get my source . carter and I get mine , meaning you . Nice how that work out . ( beat ) I be serious this time , I be close this place down . kenny James , you see my kid back there ? you know how much I be pay for private school ? how can you come in here with this attitude , you be little chang 's godfather ? carter Little chang be gonna have to go visit he daddy in jail if you do not cooperate . kenny jail !? James , you better back off . badge or no badge , I will kick you ass . carter I would like to see you try . Kenny take a step back and throw a lightning fast martial art move . Lee get in front of Carter to protect he -- counter Kenny 's move . kenny ( to Lee ) we be on , then . Kenny throw out another precision martial art sequence -- Lee block -- Kenny end in a advanced fight stance . lee ( impressed ) that 's a good twist Tiger -- where do you learn that ? they switch to chinese . kenny master ching teach I . lee the pray mantis school , in beje ? kenny no. freddy ching 's , in crenshaw . Lee smile , Carter look back and forth from Lee to Kenny . kenny ( cont 'd ) what be you do hang out with baby duck ? lee baby duck ? kenny that 's what we all use to call he when he be a kid -- cause he be always quacking . never shut up . carter I hear that . Lee and Kenny laugh . carter ( cont 'd ) look , I need some info and I do not have time to play around . kenny be this about the funny money ? carter how would you know ? kenny you have be ask loud question in all the wrong place all morning . how come you always save I for last , James ? when be you gonna learn . shit do not happen I do not know about . carter so tell I what you know . kenny I know teddy Wu be cranking out a pretty good double sawbuck -- but you know that too , do not you ? carter yeah . we already be there . this be big , Kenny . benjamin . secret service call them superbills . bank can not even tell the difference . Kenny consider this for a moment . carter ( cont 'd ) what ? kenny one of my regular lose fifty thousand dollar at the table here last week . I be about to send my boy down to tune he ass up , when the guy come in and pay off the whole thing . include the vig -- brand new sequential hundred dollar bill . I know something be wrong . Cause this guy 's get a regular job , no way he come up with fifty grand in cash . but I test the bill , infrared . the whole thing . and they check out . 100 % . lee do you still have the bill ? kenny I still have my lunch money from third grade . carter lemme see them . Kenny push a chinese painting aside to reveal a wall safe . he open the safe and hand Carter a $ 100 bill . Carter check it out . kenny see . it 's perfect . Carter take out a lighter and hold the flame to it . kenny ( cont 'd ) whoa , what be you do ? Kenny 's question be answer as the bill burn bright red . kenny ( cont 'd ) ( piss off ) I know it . the guy 's name be Zing . he work at the kitchen at reign Plaza . carter all right , Kenny . thanks . you be off the hook . for now . Carter and Lee move for the door . kenny you sure you guy do not want to stay and have a bite ? my wife 's get the best mu shu this side of compton . Carter and Lee exchange a look as we CUT to : ext . reign plaza - day establish . Carter and Lee park they car and walk inside . ext . reign shipping room - continuous Carter and Lee enter . carter ( to a worker ) we be look for a guy name Zing . be he here ? Zing hear Carter , turn and see they . then run . Carter and Lee exchange look and run after he . int . hallway - continuous Zing sprint down a employee hallway , through a doorway and down some stair . Carter and Lee in pursuit . ext . loading dock platform - reign plaza - continuous Carter and Lee burst out the door at the bottom of the stairway -- come almost face to face with -- hu li who have she gun out . wait for they . isabella be stand near by , and zing be visible off to the side . a 18- wheeler in the load bay be just be shut and lock . a limo be park beside it . Lee and Carter both assume fight position . when most of the other worker pull gun ; other triad soldier step out , put they gun close on Lee and Carter . they can not blink without get mow down . hu li ( in chinese ) the great Chief Inspector Lee -- I will be remember for ridding the triad of you petulance . Hu Li savor the moment . carter I hope you just say I have no business be here , ' cos I be just leave . Carter start to leave , and Hu Li train she gun on he , freezing he in he track . isabella slowly walk several foot , end up behind Lee as she speak . isabella Hu Li , I think there 's someone who will want to talk to they first . Hu Li look at isabella , nod a acknowledgement . bang ! Lee fall . isabella 's knock he out from behind with the butt of she gun . bang ! Carter drop to one knee as Hu Li pound he across the jaw with she fist . carter ...oh , that 's a fill right there . that 's gonna cost you . Hu Li lunge forward and kick Carter , send he backwards . hu li put they in the truck . the worker pick up Lee , bring he to the back of the truck . carter I should kill you right now , but I be gonna let you live , ' cause you be fine , and maybe you can be reform . the worker start towards Carter . he hold up he hand . carter ( cont 'd ) no more hit . I will get in the truck myself . as Carter walk towards the truck by Hu Li , they exchange a look of sheer hatred . as soon as he pass by she , Hu Li coldcock Carter with she gun . ext . loading dock platform - day the eighteen wheeler , the limo and the black lincoln town car pull out of the load dock , head for the highway . ext . eighteen wheeler - day the truck pull onto a highway , the limo close behind it . int . eighteen wheeler - truck bed - day lee and carter be in the back with crate fill with money . they be both in pain , try to recover from the head blow . Carter be flex he batter body . lee be you okay ? carter what 's the first thing I tell you -- never trust nobody . how could you fall for that shit ? I know she be dirty . lee she save we life . carter for how long ? face it , Lee , she 's play both side . Lee look disappointed . carter ( cont 'd ) look , man I be sorry . I know you get a thing for she . lee shhh , my head hurt . carter I be about to be kill and you " shhh " I ! this be not my case , lee. ricky Tan do not kill my father , the fu-cang Long be not in South Central . I do not have to help you . lee why do you help I ? carter it do not matter . Lee think about this for a beat . lee I be not use to have a partner . carter we be not partner . between you daddy , my daddy , and the beat I just take , as far as I can tell all partner get you be dead . lee well we be not friend . carter you get that right . and we be not brother . maybe we should just end this right here . lee Fine with I . carter I will not talk to you , you do not talk to I . we will die in peace . lee see you in the next world . a beat of silence carter I do not believe in reincarnation . so I will not see you in the next world . lee Fine . carter I believe in heaven . you people believe in heaven ? lee yes . we have heaven . carter be it the same heaven , or be it a chinese heaven ? lee what 's a chinese heaven ? carter I think it might be like that five foot and under basketball league . they do not let everybody in . lee I think we should stop talk . carter Fine by I . another beat of silence carter ( cont 'd ) you think about that girl that dumped you ? lee no . carter if she be the right girl , you would be think about she . lee mind you own business . carter how be the sex ? lee there be no sex . she be very traditional . we be wait until we be marry . carter you be kid . no sex ? nothing ? no mu-shu ? lee no mu-shu . carter what about a little king pao chicken ? lee no kung pao chicken . never . carter steam dumpling ? lee once in a while , steam dumpling . but only when she be drunk . carter that 's rough , man . if I do not get steam dumpling once a week , I go crazy . lee tell I the truth , Carter . do you think I have a good voice ? carter be you serious ? lee forget it . it do not matter . Lee turn away from Carter . carter as long as you be ask ... I think you have a pretty good voice . lee I know it . what do she know . you want I to sing something ? carter that depend . how do the fu-cang - Long usually kill they victim ? lee they will probably torture we first , shock we private , then put two bullet in we eye and one in the back of the head . carter go ahead . sing you ass off . Lee clear he voice . lee do you happen to see the most beautiful girl in the world ... and if you do , be she cry , cry ...hey ! ext . desert highway - day the 18-wheeler drive by follow by the limo . int . limousine - day Hu Li and isabella sit in the back of one of the limo that be drive behind the truck . Hu Li be on the car phone . hu li do not worry , the plate be safe . yes , the dragon 's be feed . she hang up and glance at isabella , who be do she best to appear completely uninterested . ext . highway - day the limo split off from the 18-wheeler . int . 18 - wheeler - truck bed - continuous Carter work at open one of the crate . Lee step up , take a deep breath , search the crate look for the sweet spot , and punch a hole in one of the thick board . they start pry the crate open . carter very nice . lee it 's focus . every opponent have a weak spot . you ignore everything around you , and put all you energy into one perfect strike . carter I will remember that next time I be fight a box . Carter open the crate -- it 's fill with superbills , about $ 1,000,000 worth . he toss a stack to Lee . carter ( cont 'd ) hello , Benjamin . lee who 's Benjamin ? carter Benjamin Franklin , he discover electricity . lee a chinese man discover electricity . carter no chinese man discover electricity . lee yes he do . he also invent the bicycle . carter now that I believe . Carter pocket two stack of superbills . Lee look at he . carter ( cont 'd ) you never know . besides , I always want to die rich . the truck lurch . lee we be slow down . this must be it . carter end of the line . lee you have be a good friend , James Carter . carter oh no you do not . do not you be get corny on I , Lee . I will kick you ass from here to compton . lee you could never kick my ass . you mama 's boy . carter do not you talk about my mama . ( wink at Lee ) that 's more like it . ext . 18 - wheeler - continuous the truck be park in the underground load dock . it 's approach by four triad soldier . soldier # 1 open the truck's double door to find . Lee and Carter be go . except for box of money , the truck bed be empty . two soldier enter the truck bed . angle up to reveal Lee and Carter wedged up against the ceiling of the truck bed . above the door and over the soldier . Lee and Carter swing down in unison -- knock both soldier to the ground . in the next instant : on lee still hold on to the door frame -- swing and backflip onto the roof of the truck . on carter who swing onto the ground -- grab one of the guard to use a shield as gunfire erupt . Lee jump off the truck , knock the last guard to the ground . he then grab the guard Carter be use as a shield and together they swing he into the truck -- knocking down the first two guard . Carter and Lee slam the back door shut -- bolt they close and run like hell - scramble into what look like the close way out : a large OPEN pipe on the side of the tunnel . int . sewer tunnel - continuous Lee and Carter run through - it extend out from the underground load dock . lee this way . I see some light . Lee and Carter spot a tiny sliver of light come through a manhole cover . they start climb up the metal stair that lead up to the street . ext . las vega blvd . - dusk the blvad . 's pack with people and car . close on Lee and Carter come up from the manhole -- stand together in stunne disbelief as they look out at the las vega strip . they cover they eye , blind by the great light show in the world . lee Vegas ... carter Lee . I just get a idea how someone could launder a hundred million dollar in cash . they both turn around and come face to face with : a ten-story dragon . Fire shoot from its nostril every 60 second . ext . red dragon HOTEL and casino - night FIRE ball blow out over the strip as Lee and Carter look up at the red dragon . the huge neon sign read : grand open - everybody's a winner ! Lee and Carter come out of the sewer . lee Red Dragon . carter that be the name of ricky Tan 's boat . Lee and Carter watch as limo pull up to the front of the hotel -- it 's like a hollywood premiere . the richest of the rich be make they way inside . lee let 's go . carter wait a second . we can not go in like this . look at this place , we gotta look fly . we gotta Mac out . lee what be Mac out ? carter follow I my asian brother . Carter and Lee start to walk away . carter ( cont 'd ) just stay down wind , because I think you step in some serious rat shit down there . ext . versace boutique - night Lee and Carter be walk into the upscale clothing store . int . versace boutique - continuous as they enter , a salesman approach they . salesman May I help you gentleman ? Carter flash he biggest smile as he pull out a stack of superbills . carter Black . 42 - long . nothing touch this body but pure silk . and get my partner something from the child 's department . Carter put he hand on Lee 's shoulder . salesman would you partner like silk as well ? I personally like it when a couple match . Carter take he hand off Lee 's shoulder . carter couple ? no , you get it wrong , there 's no couple here . just two single police officer work a very dangerous case . lee yes . we have lot of big man chase we . salesman I be sure all the boy be chase you two . do not worry , I will make you guy the bell of the ball . he wink as he walk off , and Carter look at Lee . carter this be the last time I go shopping with you . ext . red dragon - night Lee and Carter enter frame , dress to kill - perfectly tailore couture versace suit , gold watch , the whole bit . Le be awkward in " player " guise . carter ( whisper ) remember , Lee , you be a player now . you own the place . Carter pull out he altoid , and he and Lee each take one as they walk through the door . lee I own the place . int . red dragon - continuous Carter strut through the lobby , Lee do he best to imitate Carter 's pimp and roll . they walk past the giant buddha -- carter that look exactly like my uncle darrell . lee buddha be the symbol of luck and good fortune . carter buddha be the symbol for fat and lazy . the man have the biggest tit in Asia . they be move through the MAIN entry hall line with terra cotta chinese soldier - pose and dress for battle . rickshaws and bicycle take people through the hotel . the MAIN casino be roped off and empty . people crowded around the perimeter - a sign read : sign $ 50,000 buy in -- everybody's a winner ! the light dim - a spotlight come on and find steven reign on the balcony overlook the entrance . steven reign a thousand year ago , a small , wealthy village in China hire a young Dragon to guard they treasure in a cave , hope to scare off potential bandit . they plan work quite well , until the people of the village start sneaking the Dragon extra food -- hope to make he bigger and stronger . the Dragon eat so much and grow so big -- that he eventually get stick inside the cave -- and the treasure be stick behind he for all eternity . ( beat ) lady and gentleman , I have find that lose treasure . it be here , inside the great casino in the world ! welcome to the Red Dragon , where everybody be a winner ! reign smile , flip a switch -- the casino come to life . firework , bright light , endless row of table , dealer wait . a band plays on a stage in the casino lounge . chinese acrobat perform suspend from the ceiling and on the balcony above . applause all around as the flame shoot out of the dragon 's nostril and the acrobat perform . Carter and Lee walk down the red carpet . carter ( to waitress ) bring we some twelve - year old scotch ... ( to a cigarette girl ) get we a box of you finest cigar . ( to a change girl ) give I ten dollar in nickel . int . casino - night close on dice rolling on a crap table . crap dealer winner ! Seven ! we see blackjack dealer busting - pay out customer . hundre dollar slot machine pay out jackpot . gambler win all over the casino . then go to the main cage and exchange they chip for superbills . carter look at this place , Lee . the biggest front in the world . as people pour into the casino , Steven reign be make he way through the crowd , shaking hand and pose for picture . lee Carter ... here come the rich white man . carter wait here . I will handle this . as Carter walk off , a woman grab Lee and pull he onto the dance floor . int . lounge - continuous the woman spin to face Lee , she face half - hide under the dance floor light . isabella put you arm around I . lee Excuse I ? isabella grab he around the waist , pull he close . isabella hold I close . there 's camera everywhere . a asian band sing stranger in the night as Lee try he best to slow dance . a intimate moment between isabella and Lee , she face nestle in the crook of he neck , hide she face . lee what 's go on ? isabella I need you help . lee last time you need my help I end up in the back of a truck . isabella I be undercover . I have no choice . you have to trust I . Lee start to get into the music , move he hip in a slow , sensual rhythm . isabella ( cont 'd ) you move well . lee just try to make it look real . isabella look over there . that 's the eye in the sky room . Lee look over she shoulder . isabella ( cont 'd ) behind I be the soft count room . we be pretty sure the plate be back there . lee why do not you go get they ? isabella if I be wrong then my cover be blow . int . casino - night as Steven reign make he way through the casino , Carter step right in front of he , give he a big hug . carter stevie , how 's it go my man ? somebody get a picture , we can use it for a mug shot . steven reign detective Carter , you always seem to show up where you do not belong . carter lemme ask you something , Steven . and I want the truth . be there any way I can date you daughter ? just dinner and a movie , maybe go listen to some jazz ... steven reign Vegas have be my town for 30 year . I crawle out from under the first rock . do you really think you can intimidate I here ? carter you be right , you be a smart guy . most counterfeiter only get ten cent on the dollar . but this be a even swap . pure genius . steven reign you play game with I , detective , and you will lose every time . do not forget . the odd be always in favor of the house . reign walk off with he man . Carter watch he leave . int . dance floor - night Lee be dance close with isabella . isabella the secret service almost bust reign at he casino in macao , but the place burn down before we could move in . lee how do I know I can trust you ? isabella dip I ! Lee dip she , hold she in he arm for a long beat . isabella ( cont 'd ) I be ask for real now -- will you help the secret service ? lee no. ( beat ) but I will help you . Lee hold she for a long beat , they lip almost touch . he finally let she go , and she disappear into the crowd . Carter walk up , see Lee stand alone on the dance floor . carter Lee , what the hell be you do ? lee Dancing ? carter Dancing ? I be out here try to strong arm Steven reign , put my life on the line , and you be up here dance with some bimbo . do she have a friend ? lee it be isabella . she say the plate be in the soft count room . Lee motion to the room , where we see a security guard stand in front of a small door . carter isabella ? be you crazy , man ? she almost get we kill . she 's set you up again ! lee no. I be go to find out . carter wait a second . there 's guard all over the place . you will need a distraction . Carter look around the casino . carter ( cont 'd ) I will go to the crap table , make a big scene . when security come over , you make you move . lee try to keep they busy for five minute . carter I will give it my best shot . int . casino - continuous Carter walk up to a crap table , everyone turn to stare . crap dealer Sir , you be aware that we require a fifty - thousand dollar buy in to gamble here this weekend ? Carter throw a hundre thousand in $ 100 bill onto the table . carter I see the sign , I can read . now gimme a hundred - thousand in chip . and a diet Coke and some wash - n-dry . let 's move , people , I come to play . the dealer push 100 k worth of chip in front of Carter . carter ( cont 'd ) what the hell be that ? crap dealer that be five hundred dollar chip . carter do you give I five- hundred dollar chip because I be black ? crap dealer no , I just assume ... carter you assume a brother come in here can only afford five - hundred dollar a roll , be that right ? be you a racist ? crap dealer no , sir . carter ( start to scream ) everyone else at the table have thousand dollar chip , but the black man get the nickel , be that it ? do my people survive two-hundred year of slavery so you could send we back to the cotton field with five-hundred dollar chip ? do I look like Chicken George to you ? the pit boss get on he walkie-talkie . pit boss floor security , we have a problem at table nine . ext . soft count room - night the security guard lower he walkie-talkie , start move towards Carter 's table . int . crap table - night two security guard approach Carter 's table . carter answer I one question . how come Ben vereen be not perform here at the hotel ? be Ben vereen not good enough for you people ? pit boss lionel ritchie be perform here tonight . carter lionel ritchie have not be black since the commodore . pit boss Sir , you be go to have to calm down . Carter watch as Lee move past the guard and make he way into the soft count room . carter I have a dream , where black people and white people can gamble together without get different chip ! a big crowd have gather as the Security Guards try and push they way through . the pit boss pick up the phone , call upstairs . carter ( cont 'd ) sing with I ! " we shall overcome ! " Carter start clap , and the confuse crowd join in as the Security Guards move in . carter ( cont 'd ) thank you . now in the spirit of brotherhood , let 's play crap ! int . hallway - night Lee walk into the hallway , move like a cat as he hug the wall and try to make he way to the soft count room . he hear noise , two security guard come behind he through the casino door . he have no choice but to crawl over the back of a money cart and hug the top . he lie as still as he can , try not to be see -- until he realize he 's stare directly into the eye in the sky camera that be in the ceiling . we see lee' face as he pass directly under the camera , clearly mouth the word " oh shit " as he roll by . Lee look to he leave , see the soft count room -- a mountain of counterfeit superbills that be wait to be pay out . on the opposite side , the real money be be wheeled out toward a wait truck that be park at the back door . Lee see two more camera in the ceiling , know he cover be blow . he jump down off the cart , be stand in front of the lock vault . there 's no way to get the plate . isabella have set he up again . he turn and smile at the confuse security guard . lee hi. how 's it go ? you guy have change for a twenty ? the guard make they move . and Lee start to fight they down the hall , use the cart as a shield as he ram into two more guard , fight they off as he turn the corner toward the casino door -- but he get slam to the ground by a right cross . Hu Li throw the punch , a roll of quarter in she hand as she stand over he with five triad soldier . she hold a knife to Lee 's throat . hu li ( in chinese ) open you mouth . she put the small grenade in Lee 's mouth , tape it shut . she hold the detonator in she hand . hu li ( cont 'd ) ( continue in chinese ) that 's a ying - tao grenade , Inspector . please follow I or I will blow 32 tooth into you brain . int . casino - continuous a crowd have gather behind Carter who be at the table roll dice , a huge stack of chip in front of he . crap dealer winner six ! carter how much be that ? crap dealer two-hundred thousand ! carter two-hundred thousand dollar ? who want a hundred dollar ? Carter turn to the man next to he , who wear a traditional african robe and be stand with a giant blonde escort . carter ( cont 'd ) here , you highness , have a hundred dollar . the viagra be on I tonight ! gambler ( South African accent ) I be not royalty , sir . carter do not say that , we be all royalty . my great grandmammy be Queen nephertit -- we probably cousin , man . how much you get on the table ? gambler one million . carter yeah , we definitely cousin now . who want to blow on my hand for luck ? Carter turn to a big texan who be stand with a gorgeous young girl who be fall out of she dress . carter ( cont 'd ) hey , marlboro man , you mind if you lady blow on my hand for luck ? texan ( embarrassed ) she 's not my lady . she 's my niece . carter can I come over for Thanksgiving ? come on , baby , give I some luck . the girl blow on the dice , and Carter stare down at she . carter ( cont 'd ) Nice blow . when 's you next birthday , I will be the cake . texan hey , buddy , watch yourself . carter do not threaten I . I get friend in this town that will bite off you ear . just sit tight , because I have get the dice and I be on fire ! Carter throw the dice . crap dealer winner , seven ! the table erupt as Carter grab the dice . carter let it ride ! int . upstair hallway - night the elevator door OPEN and Lee be lead toward the eye in the sky room by Hu Li and the three triad . as they walk into the room , the triad remain outside guard the room . int . eye in the sky room - continuous forty video monitor show every inch of the hotel . a man stand in front of the two - way mirror look down at the casino , the reflection off the glass obscure he feature . Lee have the tape around he mouth and he hand tie behind he back as he 's lead into the room by Hu li. ricky tan imagine a business where people hand you money . and you hand they back absolutely nothing . ricky Tan - alive and well , turn around and stare at lee. isabella be stand next to he . Lee be shocked at the sight of ricky Tan alive . ricky tan ( cont 'd ) now that 's a true american dream . thanks to a few piece of metal and a very greed drive US custom agent . ricky Tan walk toward Lee , start to smile . ricky tan ( cont 'd ) look at you , you be ridiculous . you know it do not have to be like this . but it 's too bad ! like father , like son . Lee stare at isabella for a beat . Hu Li motion to one of the monitor . hu li ( in chinese ) he 's go for the plate . ricky Tan look at one of the monitor , see Steven reign walk down a hallway , about to walk into the penthouse suite . ricky tan look at this old fool , what do he think he 's do ? ricky Tan shift he attention back to Lee . ricky tan ( cont 'd ) it 's almost impossible to find a partner that 's trustworthy and loyal . would not you agree , Lee ? on another screen we see Carter at the crap table have the time of he life . ricky Tan turn to walk out of the room , motion to isabella as he go . ricky tan ( cont 'd ) well , at least you will die with honor . but choy gien . subtitles : " wo not see you again . " int . casino - continuous Carter have two rack of chip in front of he , a huge crowd surround he . crap dealer winner ! four , winner ! carter I be up a hundred and fifty - grand . that 's a Ferrari . do they sell that here in the gift shop ? somebody cash I out ! several triad soldier dress like security guard approach Carter 's table . pit boss Sir , we would like to escort you to the cashier . carter that would be great . do not want any of this rich white people to jump I . as they walk toward the door mark " VIP room " , Carter glance at the men , know he 's in deep shit . int . eye in the sky room - night ricky Tan turn to Hu li. ricky tan chai Hu li. ( " Little Fox " ) have fun . ricky Tan walk out . Hu Li hold the detonator up to Lee , play with the button . hu li ( in chinese ) in a few minute ... you will beg I to push this button . Hu Li pull she knife , move towards Lee . she hold the blade to he face . about to cut he . when isabella pull she gun . isabella walk toward Lee , whose hand be still tie behind he back . Hu Li clutches the detonator in one hand , she knife in the other . she take a step toward isabella . isabella it 's time to end this , Inspector . isabella cock the gun , spin back and kick the detonator from Hu Li 's hand -- slamm she against the wall and stick the gun under she chin . isabella ( cont 'd ) do not move ! United States secret service . Hu Li whip she knife around , catch isabella across the hand -- the gun sliding across the room near the detonator -- the two women fight around it . Lee watch they almost step on it - dive to the floor and roll toward the detonator . he 's about to grab it when : the triad OPEN the door they be about to move in . hu li get the detonator ! the triad go for the detonator -- as Lee get to he foot , kick Hu Li 's leg out from under she . one of the triad about to pick up the detonator - but Lee get to he first . he fight with one hand tie behind he back . Hu Li and isabella fight it out in the eye in the sky room . Lee get kick towards the Eye in the Sky window . int . casino - cashier two security guard lead Carter away from the table when : crash ! a airborne Lee rocket through the eye in the sky window . in a rain of glass , he land hard on the casino floor . the noise grab everyone 's attention , include : carter Lee !! the guard restrain he . carter ( cont 'd ) lemme ask you something . any of you ever feel $ 500,000 before ? he slam the rack of chip across there face -- chip fly as the guard hit the floor . carter ( cont 'd ) do not feel so good , do it ? int . eye in the sky room - continuous Hu Li pick up the detonator . whack ! a heele foot kick it from she grasp . isabella have recover ! the detonator fly out the broken window . int . casino - continuous on he back , Lee watch the detonator sail over he head and disappear into the crowd . it land on a drink cart . before Lee can get there , a waitress change trays and carry the detonator on she round . panicked , Lee search for the detonator . he jump atop a blackjack table to get a better vantage . he can not see it , but he do see : across the casino Carter on top of a crap table , keep security guard at bay with a croupier stick . carter Black man get on a hot streak and you be all trippin' ? Carter and Lee see each other . they have the same simultaneous though : carter ( cont 'd ) ( help ! ) Lee ! lee ( help ! ) mmmmmm !!!! Carter be Lee 's only hope to get the bomb out of he mouth . but from here to there , a Mass of people . the quick way be the high way . Lee leap from table to table . scatter play card . reaching the carpete divide ... Lee do not stop . he launch off the bent-over back of a high roller -- landing on a rickshaw , surfing it to the table on the other side . Carter look around for Lee , catch a glimpse of the Eye in the Sky room . he grin . carter check it out . catfight ! pow ! he sock a guard in the face . int . eye in the sky room - continuous isabella and Hu Li be lock in battle . Rolling to the floor , they both see the gun . they scramble over each other to get to it first . int . casino - continuous a security guard climb on the table to level Carter when Lee arrive . he kick the guard off and turn to Carter , he plea muffled . carter what the hell be you do with tape on you face ? no time to explain -- two more security guard arrive . kick and punch fly , but Lee can't get hit in the mouth ! he bob and weave , hold he hand to Carter to untie they in between swing . suddenly : blam ! blam ! blam ! gunshot from the Eye in the Sky room . everyone hit the deck . Carter and Lee dive on to the floor as panic ripple through the casino . people flee for the exit . the waitress desert her tray . it get knock over and tip on the floor . the detonator land foot away from Carter . carter ( cont 'd ) this can not be good . Lee 's eye bug - he see it too , foot stampeding past it ! a high heel miss it by a fraction of a inch . he lunge for it , manage to cradle it in he tape hand when -- wham ! he be bumped and it fly away . the second it hit the floor , it be kicked , skitter down the red carpet . above ... the victor emerge in the Eye in the Sky room . Hu Li step out on the pagoda roof and jump down . the detonator roll right past Hu Li . as she bend to pick up the detonator , Lee know he will not get there in time . horrify , he scream at carter through the tape . Hu Li lift the detonator . Carter finally pull the tape off Lee 's face . Lee spit the grenade into the air . lee ( diving on Carter ) bomb !!! Hu Li hit the trigger just as it land on a roulette table . kaboom ! the table be blown off it's foundation . chip and cash volcano . Hu Li be blow backwards by the force of the blast . sheer pandemonium grip the casino . as the smoke clear Carter and Lee peer out from behind a row of slot machine . the place be desert . carter why do not you tell I you have a bomb in you mouth ? lee I do ! carter no you do not ! lee yes I do . I say mmmmmm ! a hand on Carter 's arm . this be serious . lee ( cont 'd ) ricky Tan be alive . carter what ?!?! lee we have to get to the penthouse . Lee jump up , sprint toward the elevator at the dragon end of the casino . carter hold on ! Carter stuff he pocket with chip , then race after Lee . but halfway up the carpet . Carter stop . Lee turn to see what be hold he up . Hu Li survive the blast and Carter have turn to face she . carter ( cont 'd ) you go after ricky . I get this . lee Carter ... carter just go ! Lee turn and run off past the dragon . unfortunately , five triad block he path . in a flurry of punch , Lee make short work of they , and race toward the elevator . dead CENTER on the red carpet - hu li and carter face off ! each readying in they own manner . Hu Li carefully wrap she long hair into a bun on top of she head . Carter stretch , flexe , ready to sting like a bee . carter ( cont 'd ) I be not gonna hold you back this time just because you be a woman . I be gonna pretend you be a man . she pull off she jacket , prepare to fight he in she undershirt . carter ( cont 'd ) a very beautiful man with a perfect body who I would like to take to the movie . she take a sword from a terra cotta statue , swing it around like a master . carter ( cont 'd ) I may have be absent the day we go over this in karate class . Quick , Carter reach for a fight stick off a terra cotta soldier . whoosh ! she slice it in half . Carter reach for another . slice ! she 's toy with he . int . elevator bank - night Lee 's in the elevator as the door close . suddenly , a hand cut through , parting the door . it 's isabella ! a wound on she shoulder . lee be you okay ? isabella I be fine . she step in , too weak and start to fall . Lee grab she and hold she in he arm . he gently help she down . lee I do not know which side you be on . isabella now you know . ding ! the elevator door open . isabella hold up a room key - the key to the suite . Lee take the key , back away and step into the elevator . isabella ( cont 'd ) I will try to get backup . be careful . the elevator door close . int . penthouse suite - continuous Steven reign be close the safe . there be stack of hundre dollar bill on he desk , which he 's put in a black bag along with the plate . as he turn around , he come face - to- face with ricky Tan . ricky tan american 's love to gamble . do not they , Mr. reign ? steven reign I be cut we deal short . I be leave . ricky tan and my plate ? steven reign they stay with I . I be sure you will not have a problem with that . reign show Tan the gun in he belt . grab the bag and start to walk toward the door . ricky tan I enjoy that little story you tell about the Dragon and the treasure . my mother use to tell it to I all the time . do you know the moral of that story , Mr. reign ? steven reign greed will imprison we all . Tan grab reign from behind and stab he with a knife . ricky tan I hate that fortune cookie shit . Lee burst through the suite door - watch as reign fall dead to the floor . ricky take the black bag off the desk . lee put the plate down . ricky Tan look down at the gun in reign 's belt . int . casino - night whoosh ! another terra cotta fight stick be in half in Carter 's hand . carter will you stop ?!?! ( pick up cocktail umbrella ) what be I suppose to fight you with ? no more toy . Hu Li charge Carter , who grab a roulette wheel as a makeshift shield . she slice it in half ! he 's get nowhere to hide . she jab he with the sword . Carter scream . Falls back against the table , clutching he chest . Hu Li windmills , kick a terra cotta soldier on top of Carter , but -- thwack ! the double -bladed bamboo pole in its hand ricochet back and she be pierce through the shoulder with the blade . stare at Carter in stunne disbelief , she drop to she knee . Carter walk toward she , consider he option , then kick her in the head , knock she out . carter ( cont 'd ) when be you people gonna learn ? do not mess with the brothas ! weak in the knee , Carter look to the SOUND on he chest . he reach through the slice in he jacket . instead of a hand cover in blood , it come out with a thick wad of cash ! carter ( cont 'd ) thank you , Benjamin ! Carter run for the elevator . int . penthouse suite - continuous Lee be walk toward ricky Tan , the two man circle reign 's body . ricky tan you be just like you father , Lee . all this year hide behind he badge . I want to help he , to share with he , but he be too afraid of change . when you think about it , I do not really kill he . I just put he out of he misery . lee put the plate down . it 's over . ricky tan I do not think it 's over . there be casinos all over this country . let I make you a rich man , Lee . do not make the same mistake he do . ricky glance at the gun in reign 's belt . lee if you reach for that gun , I be go to kill you . ricky tan do not you remember ? I be already dead . ricky make a play for the gun , but Lee be much too fast , take the gun and push ricky against the wall just as Carter burst in the room . carter hey , ricky , how 's it go man ? what 's up , Lee ? Lee have the gun press to Tan 's head . we have never see he like this before . ricky tan would you like I to tell you how you father die ? carter Lee , you okay ? Lee do not respond . he keep a eye on ricky . ricky tan he never begge for he life . or try to make a deal . all that he ask I , just second before I pull the trigger , be that I promise not to kill you . Lee 's finger be on the trigger -- he want to pull the trigger but can not . carter Lee , wait a second . it 's not worth it , man . he 's make you do this . lee it 's worth it to I . ricky tan do you have it in you , Lee ? or be you gonna spend the rest of you life hide like you father ? carter c'mon , Lee . he 's go to jail . you win , now just put the gun down . Lee be try to pull the trigger , but he can not . ricky tan that 's what I think . Tan take the black bag and swing it toward Lee -- the plate hit he across the face and knock he down . the gun be loose Tan reach for it and be about to pull the trigger when : Lee and Carter come fly at he together . both kicking he square in the chest . Tan fall back , smashing through the window . Lee try to grab Tan 's hand , they finger touch for a split second . but Tan pull he hand away and fall 20 stories to the street below . ext . STREET - night a taxi be park out front . Tan 's body slam on the roof . smashing through a sign on top that read : " everybody's a winner ! " int . penthouse suite - night Lee and Carter be look down at the street , both relieved it 's finally over . Carter put he hand on Lee 's shoulder . carter I do not know about you , but I need a wine cooler . as they turn to the door -- Hu Li be walk toward they , bleed and half - dead . she have another bomb in her hand . this one twice the size of the one from earlier . hu li ( in chinese ) we will go together , Inspector . carter please tell I she just ask for a ride to the airport . Hu Li hit the switch - start to smile . Lee and Carter turn and run for the OPEN window . ext . build - night Lee and Carter dive out the window , grab a cable just as the penthouse blows ! the fireball shoot out as they start to slide down the side of the hotel . they scream as the cable break . Lee and Carter swing toward a huge " grand open " banner . they flip under it , do a loop before they slam against the sign . it 's knocked loose and they fall with it toward vega blvd . Lee and Carter hang on as they drop to the street . a huge truck speed toward they as they hold on for they life . the entire strip speed toward they . lee I can not believe I fly ten-thousand mile for this shit !! they lift they foot just as the truck pass . the sign dip and they fall straight down into the open sunroof of a large stretch limo . int . limousine - continuous Lee and Carter land in the back . slam into they seat and try to catch they breath . the two men starting to laugh when they realize they be alive ! carter we make it , man . lee no problem . Lee and Carter look up to see the versace salesman and four of he friend sit in the back of the limo stare at they . the boy be all drink champagne and dress for a night on the town . versace salesman well , there be a God after all . Lee and Carter exchange look as the limo stop in front of the hotel . limo driver here we be . the Red Dragon hotel . in front of the hotel we see FIRE truck , ambulance , police car and isabella and sterling arrest twenty triad . versace salesman we be all go gambling and then to see siegried and Roy . I hope you two be feel lucky ! int . las vega airport - night Lee be talk with a bandage isabella , who be stand with sterling and several other secret service agent . Lee and isabella hug goodbye . as she walk off to board she plane , Lee slowly walk back to Carter who be smile . carter I see that . she kiss you , do not she ? you play it cool , though . walk away , never look back . lee she 's go home to New York . I need some ice . Lee and Carter watch as she get on the plane . carter that you gate down there ? lee yes . carter I be this way . I guess this be goodbye . lee I guess so . thank you , Carter . carter you take care of yourself , Lee . Carter step back , bow to lee . Lee shake carter' hand like a brother . the two man smile . turn to walk away . lee Carter , wait . there 's something I want you to have . Lee pull a badge from he pocket . hand it to Carter . carter you father 's badge ? no way , man . I can not take this . lee it 's okay . I can finally let it go . Carter take the badge . smile . carter in that case , I get something for you . I pick it up at the hotel . Carter pull out a wad of cash . lee what be this ? carter about fifty grand . I win it at the table . lee no , Carter . I can not take this . carter it 's okay , I get lot more . Carter pull out another wad of cash . carter ( cont 'd ) they owe we , man . that 's the least they can do . lee this money be evidence . carter come on , Lee . stop be a cop for five minute and live it up . there must be something you want . Lee look back toward isabella . lee I always want to go to madison Square Garden . see the knick play . carter New York City ? lee first class . carter the Plaza Hotel ? lee a little mu-shu . carter some kung -pao ? they look at each other , smile . carter ( cont 'd ) I could use a little vacation . lee amen to that , brother . as Lee and Carter start to walk away together , the music swell . " war " start to play . they dance they way through a crowd of people , they arm raise as the two friend make they way through the airport . end credit