rush written by Peter Morgan December 6th , 2011 1 ext . cloudy sky - germany - day 1 Dark cloud pass overhead . the bad weather that have hover over the eifel mountain , ( in Germany ) , the past three day be on it 's way out .. 2 a eye flicker - wide OPEN - staring intently 2 a pupil dilate and contract in the light . the eye stare . blink . thinks . make evaluation .. 3 ext . cloudy sky - germany - day 3 the first ray of sunshine break through . the voice of international tv commentator in different language . commentator ... in place the track be still dangerously wet , but follow a driver meeting the decision have be take . the race be go ahead ... 4 int . ferrari - day 4 the eye belong to a 27 year old formula 1 racing driver wear a fireproof balaclava ... highly intelligent , he also happen to be World Champion . his name be paint on the side of he Ferrari . niki lauda . niki ( V /o ) my grandfather always say history be cruel and reductive and no matter how long we live , or how much we achieve - we be remember for very little . so make sure it 's the right thing . niki stare up at the cloud . his eyelid flicker . think . agonize . wrestling with a all important decision ... be it go to carry on raining ? or become dry ? should he be use slick or wet ? 5 ext . starting grid - day 5 we widen to find ourselves on the start grid of a major Grand prix . all around we ... ( continued ) 2 5 continued : 5 engine scream into life as driver start they car . a official walk through the car hold aloft a sign , " one Minute " ... deafen , angry thunder as engine rev impatiently . niki this be bullshit . we have no control over we legacy . we can not choose what we be remember for ... a Ferrari mechanic rush towards niki , and shout in italian above the noise , ( we see sub-titles ) ... mechanic mass usa slick . Le vuoi cambiare anche tu ? ( mass be go on slick . you want to change ? ) niki look in he wing - mirror back to see a red mclare , white helmet , number 12 , several row behind he . a team of mechanic hastily change the tyre to dry tyre . niki otherwise I would not be remember for my rivalry with this asshole . and the 1976 season . niki then look over at the car in pole position beside he . another mclare , but with number 11 , and a Union Jack ... niki what about hunt ? have he change ? mechanic no , he 's go on wet . the car in pole position : jame hunt , surround by tv crew , mechanic , girlfriend , hanger - on .. the maclaren team be less than half the size of Ferrari 's , but hunt make up for this with magnetism . the rock star of f1 . niki 's face : a stab of envy see a flash of he rival 's glamorous long blonde hair disappear into he balaclava , flirt with several hot-look girl .. niki I do not know why it become such a big thing . we be just driver . bust each other 's ball . to I this be perfectly normal . but other people see it differently . ( more ) ( continued ) 3 5 continued : ( 2 ) 5 niki ( contíd ) that whatever it be between we go deeper . and change we both somehow . forever . niki stare , then ... niki be , allora usiamo anche noi quell da bagnato . ( then we go on wet , too . ) the ten-second board be hold up . niki pull down he visor ... as he and hunt 's eye meet for a split-second , eye stare ... niki select second gear for the wet track and revs the engine . the dashboard needle climb through 8000 , 9000 , 10000 rpm . niki maybe that explain the state of mind I be in . and why it happen . the other thing I be remember for . ( a beat ) on August 1st , that same year ... caption : " august 1st , 1976 " . the starter wave the flag . niki 's foot hit the floor - he engine scream that deafen , stomach rearranging high - pitch scream , drown out the roar of the 180,000 crowd . niki 's car be catapault forward violently , the wheel - spin leave livid black scar on the asphalt .. niki get away first . a good start ! but within second there 's a mclare car right behind he , breathe down he neck . his arch -rival . hunt . but as the mclare roar past , niki see a white helmet . number 12 . it 's not hunt . it 's Mass . on he bald , slick tyre . niki curse under he breath . he screw up . make the wrong decision . should have go on slick . he urgently need to change tyre ... niki swerve angrily into the pit . Ferrari 's pit be right at one end ... 4 6 int . pit - day 6 commentary from all the world 's tv station explain the crazy , panicked situation as all the driver come into the pit to change to dry tyre . it 's chaos . a traffic jam of formula 1 car ... the Ferrari team frantically work . change niki 's tyre . four man with air gun , two man with rapid-duty jack . the same italian mechanic appear , vplug in ' he headset to the car .. mechanic Hair visto ? ti aveto detto di usare le slick ! ( see ? I tell you to go on slick !!) niki bullshit . where 's hunt ? mechanic there ! niki look up to see the name jame hunt write on the black helmet roar out of the pit ahead , with new tyre on ... niki c'mon ...!! niki scream at the mechanic , who be struggle . the airgun make a high -pitch noise ... something 's not right . niki what 's go on ??? " thump " , new ( slick ) tyre hit the tarmac , engine scream , and niki exit the pit in pursuit of hunt . but the delay have cost he dear ... 7 ext . nuburgring - day 7 Archive tv commentary from the world 's race commentator station inform we of the position . Mass lead , hunt in 3rd , lauda in 20th ... 8 int . niki be car - day 8 niki give it everything he 's get . tearing through the gear , try to catch jame hunt , break as late as he can , engine scream . ( continued ) 5 8 continued : 8 he fly over the take - off hump between pflanzgarten and swallowtail - pass one car after another . into 13th place now . pull off outrageous manoeuvre . niki 's p.o.v : the world fly past in a blur . the steering wheel shake . the car be right on the edge . can not be drive any harder . niki approach the streckenteil adenauer - brucke section of the course ... turn leave at the bergwerk corner . crazy speed . and tight . too tight . a mistake ... " thump " , he wheel come into contact with the kerb on the inside . niki try to counter -steer , but be travel at 155 mph . the car jerk horribly to the right .. " crunch " , hit the embankment , then " bang " , hit the barrier , and be throw across the track .. Fire break out in the engine . niki 's eye widen in horror , with another car bear down upon he ... niki no ...! the oncoming car crash head - on into we car , " crash " , a sicken , terrifying impact . the car explode . seventy litre of burn high - octane gasoline , with niki strapped inside , unable to undo he seatbelt . lock in a blast furnace . niki scream as the flame engulf he . 800 degree temperature . trapped inside he car . Burning smoke fill he helmet , scarring he lung ... pandemonium : commentary in different language as panicked tv commentator helplessly describe what 's happen .. niki 's Pov : he can just make out the barely recognizable figure of the other driver rush towards niki .. they hand get burnt in the flame as they try unsuccessfully to undo niki 's seatbelt .. Fire extinguishers blast at the car . dry powder extinguishers . cover niki 's helmet . blurr he vision , as he cry out in agony , inhale the powder .. scream voice . panicked reaction . on the side of the car , the paint name ` niki lauda ' blister and melt . ( continued ) 6 8 continued : ( 2 ) 8 then sound fade . as niki black out - lose consciousness . fade to black : over this : the sound of a ringing phone ... 9 int . hospital a&amp ;e unit - ( accident and emergency ) - day 9 we be in a busy hospital a&amp ; E unit . noise . crowd . a regular Saturday late afternoon . the phone continue to ring .. finally , a attractive station nurse in she 20' , run- off -her - foot , breathlessly pick up the phone . nurse emergency ... she cover she ear , strain to hear , listen to what be be say . then she expression change ... nurse okay ... stand by ! the nurse hang up ... then call out to she nurse and doctor colleague ... nurse that be the race-track ..! there 's be a accident ..! a driver 's be injure and be on he way in ..! instantly the atmosphere change . a hive of activity as doctor and nurse prepare themselves for a major trauma ... all patient with minor injury be clear out of the way . the nurse ring upstairs to the operate theatre and consultant surgeon , tell they to stand by ... caption : " eighty - EIGHT race earlier " swing door open , and a pair of shoeless , bare feet walk through and into the accident and emergency unit . camera tilt up a pair of long leg in white racing overall ... to reveal a tall , good -look driver , jame hunt , ( mid 20' ) , tan , athletic , surfer long blonde hair ... a man about whom a word come to mind one would rarely use to describe a englishman . sexy . blood trickle from he nose , there be bruise to he lip and the formation ( already ) of a nasty black eye , but make no mistake . he rock . Drop -dead gorgeous .. ( continued ) 7 9 continued : 9 jame I think the racetrack telephone ahead that I be come ? hunt ? James hunt ..? jame notice all the nurse stare .. jame what 's the matter ? no one see a spot of blood before ? nurse be you all right ? jame absolutely fine . 10 int . a&amp ;e unit - day 10 the attractive nurse be examine jame , open he overall , check for wound , cut and bruise ... nurse we all think you would be in a accident . jame I have . if you call a friendly disagreement with another driver a accident . nurse what do you disagree about ? jame none of you business . ouch . nurse sorry . jame his wife . nurse that 's go to need a couple of stitches . it 's a nasty cut . jame it be a nasty blow . done with a bloody spanner . nurse why ? what do you do ? ( continued ) 8 10 continued : 10 jame nothing ! only what she begge I to do . the nurse notice bruise on jame 's chest ... nurse which be ..? she examine he , testing he rib for fracture , he chest .. jame look up . they eye meet .. jame be happy to show you if you like . 11 int . james' apartment - night 11 ` crash ' , the door fly open as jame and the nurse stumble through , mid-embrace , tear at one another 's clothes ... the apartment be basic . cramped . messy . like that of a poor student . ashtray fill with half - smoke joint . empty beer can . a toaster . a kettle . a stereo . a cage contain two budgerigar . a mattress on the floor . newspaper with headline about the docker Strike , England 's crumble economy , roll royce be bail out by the government - subtle reminder of Britain in transition , leave behind its strong , imperial past . jame and the nurse stand against the wall , still half - dress , but already passionately make love ... jame ( V /o ) I have a theory why woman like racing driver . it 's not because they respect what we do ... drive round and round in circle . mostly they think that 's pathetic . and they be probably right .. ( a beat ) it 's we closeness to death . jame and the nurse continue noisily , tirelessly make love in the shower ... jame ( V /o ) the closer you be to death , the more alive you feel ... the more alive you be . and they can see that in you . feel that in you . the way you live . willing to risk everything . ( more ) ( continued ) 9 11 continued : 11 jame ( v/o ) ( contíd ) with no think for tomorrow ... as if each day be you last . it 's a wonderful way to live ... and the only way to drive . the only way to get that tenth of a second on everyone else ... the lovemake become more intense ... jame ( V /o ) to dare to be one step bolder ... one step faster ... jame be cover in perspiration , out on the edge ... jame ( V /o ) sure one step closer to death ... jame and the nurse , both scream as they approach orgasm ... jame ( V /o ) but one step closer to victory , too ... jame and the nurse both climax together ... and collapse on the bed . exhausted . 12 ext . crystal palace race track - day 12 a grotty old race track in South London . jame and the nurse arrive at Crystal Palace race track in he batter old mini . they get out . she look up , see the mechanic , the racing team , the car .. nurse I have never be to a Grand prix before . jame you still have not . this be formula 3 . nurse what 's that ? jame a lower division . where people like I mess about in the hope of find sponsor or be talent - spot to race in formula 1 . jame lead the nurse into ... 10 13 the paddock - crystal palace - day 13 the pit where jame introduce she to he team ... jame everyone , this be nursie . nursie ( correct ) gemma ... jame nursie , this be Doc we designer ... doc how do you do ? jame bubbles , we chief mechanic . bubble how do you do ? jame Le patron - Alexander , Lord hesketh . hesketh how do you do ? nurse Fine , thanks . blimey ... be everyone in formula 3 this posh ? hesketh Glass of champagne , nursie ? nurse it 's gemma . no , thanks . hesketh you sure ? it 's krug. clos de mesnil . nurse it 's also ten in the morning . hesketh oh , dear . superstar ? you have not bring we a bore , have you ? jame strip off , change into he racing overall . jame trust I . nursie 's anything but a bore .. ( continued ) 11 13 continued : 13 the nurse , meanwhile , drift over to look at the car where bubble be make last minute check ... nurse that 's the car ? bubble that 's she . the dastle mk 9 ... with the Lotus twin-cam sixteen hundred engine . she 's no beauty . but go like the clapper . a odd -look car . a bit like a giant go-kart , blue with yellow strip along the side and James 's name in small letter . it look small , dangerously fragile . jame uuuurrrrrkkkkkkggghghhhh . the nurse be shocked to hear a dreadful watery vomit sound . she see jame bent over behind the truck ... hesketh nothing to be worried about ! do it before every race ! good sign , actually . means he 's stoke ! 14 ext . paddock - same time 14 jame continue vomit ... jame ( V /o ) there 's a lie that all driver tell themselves . " death be something that happen to other people . " that 's how you find the courage to get in the car in the first place ... jame emerge , wiping he mouth ... hesketh all right , superstar ? jame never better , patron . jame ( V /o ) because bad thing only happen to other , right ? hesketh have a gargle with this . ( continued ) 12 14 continued : 14 jame take a quick swig of the champagne ... gargle , then swallow , put on he balaclava ... jame ( V /o ) Problem be deep down you know that 's a lie . that it could happen to you at any moment . hesketh Quick toke of this ... hesketh pass over a joint , which jame inhale , take a huge lungful from .... jame ( V /o ) so how do you make that terror go away ? well , booze be good for that . and wacky baccy . but better than everything else be ...sex . jame go to the nurse ... and kiss she full on the lip , then put on he helmet , and athletically vault into the car . jame hit the ignition , and a deafen high - pitch scream as the engine start ... hesketh ahhhh ! what music ! they could never have predict it , that pioneer that invent the automobile that it would possess we like this , in we imagination , we dream . nursie , man love woman ... but even more than that , man love car ... 15 ext . paddock - crystal palace - day 15 jame notice another driver ( niki lauda ) , he car already unload , ( number 35 ) and mechanic work on it .. jame who 's that ? doc he 's new . some german . bubble ( correct ) austrian . jame be there a difference ? ( continued ) 13 15 continued : 15 jame look over . on the side of the car , paint marking , in the form of a signature , " niki lauda " . jame all bloody goosestepper . 16 ext . race track - crystal palace - day 16 jame be neck and neck with niki . they go into a corner . niki get there first . up ahead though , approach the second bend ... jame see the tiniest , slimmest crack to overtake . no right - minded driver would risk it . only a suicidal maniac . which just happen to describe jame perfectly .. jame go for it . daringly . brilliantly . and force niki to slam on he brake to prevent a certain crash ... 17 ext . pit - same time 17 hesketh , bubble , doc and the nurse watch from the sideline ... bubble that move be suicide ! hesketh it be also quite brilliant !! God he 's get ball !! 18 ext . race track - day 18 jame carry on drive . flat out . but on the flat , niki suddenly come out of nowhere . as if he car have 50 bhp more . and overtake jame . niki begin to pull away . and have the englishman beat .. jame see red mist ... and in a act of do - or- die vengeful madness , jame go into a corner far too fast ... ... yank he steering wheel . and outrageously shunt niki 's car . a unforgivable act of unsportsmanlike vindictiveness . niki and jame 's car both veer off ... go into wild , lethal spin .. but luckily for jame he end up face the right way ... ( continued ) 14 18 continued : 18 ... and despite be badly shake , dizzy , jame be able to change gear , and continue drive ... niki 's car , by contrast , have stall ... and now end up face the wrong way on the track ... niki 's eye look up to see all the car come over a brow , like a herd of wildebeest , head towards he ... niki umgotteswillen ... niki rip open he seat -belt , be about to get out of he car , when one car shoot straight over the nose of he car . niki duck , then bravely leap for cover , as .... " smash " , one of the oncoming car shunt into he car , ( it would have kill he instantly ) . " wham " , another car narrowly miss he ... " crash " , another car force niki into a evasive dive ... Cars scream past he on all side as the race continue ... niki , batter , shake , have have a unbelievably close escape . he rip off he helmet , furious ... and now we see niki lauda 's face for the first time . sharp - feature . intelligent eye . Dark hair . protrude tooth . something unmistakably rat-like about he . 19 ext . crystal palace race track - late afternoon 19 jame be on the podium , have win . he 's with the nurse , and hesketh and bubble and he team , spraying they with champagne .. niki walk past the podium , hold he blue helmet , and shout out , still incandescent ... niki hey ... asshole ! that be my line ! I have that corner ... jame you mean the one you spun out of ? and finish face the other way ? I think that corner have you . laughter . ( continued ) 15 19 continued : 19 niki that move be total suicide . what if I have not brake ? we would have crash ..!! jame but we do not , do we ? thanks to you impeccable `survival ' instinct ... jame make chicken noise ... niki fuck you ! what 's you name ? hesketh James Simon wallis hunt . remember it , my little Jerry friend . because one day he will be World Champion . jame jawohl . remember ze name . very simple . " hunt " . it rhyme with .... " beeeep " , a car horn hoot nearby , block out jame 's c-word insult ... jame ...a word that happen to describe you perfectly . laughter . niki give jame the finger , " screw you , asshole " . the nurse watch niki go .. nurse who be that ? jame no one . chippy little kraut . bad loser . forget he . niki continue to walk off , middle finger raise .. 20 ext . vienna skyline - day 20 to establish : the austrian capital . over this : the sound of niki 's voice ... niki ( V /o ) in my home town , Vienna , my family be famous for one thing . Business . my grandfather be a businessman , my father , too ... 16 21 int . niki be apartment - day 21 niki be in front of a mirror , and dress smartly in a jacket , and open neck shirt , evidently a little nervous ... niki ( V /o ) so when they hear I want to race car for a live , they have a few thing to say ... 22 int . lauda grandfather house - night 22 a large , forbid dining room . niki 's father and terrifying grandfather , be eat supper . grandfather shake he head , clearly disapprove and bark in german ... ( we see subtitles ) grandfather never ! Racing be for playboy and dilettant . frivolous amateur with nothing in they head . the name ` lauda ' appear on the front page , with politician and economist , not on the back page with ... ( gesture in contempt ) ... footballer and skier . if you want my money , you do as I say and follow I into my business .. niki stare at he grandfather .. niki ( V /o ) it 's in moment like this that you discover who you really be .. ... and in a move that he know will rupture the family for ever , niki get to he foot .. niki Fine . keep you money . do not invest in I . but when I be World Champion , and I have the trophy , and my name be not just on the back page , but on the front too , you will regret it . niki walk out , the old man 's insult ringing in he ear ... grandfather you dare sit at my table and lecture I on what I will or will not regret ? get out ! impertinent wretch ! consider yourself disown ! 17 23 int . raifeisenkasse - bank - day 23 niki be in a meeting with visibly concerned banker and lawyer . they speak in german ... banker another loan ? herr lauda , you still have not repaid the other ... banker 2 Three .. banker totall million of schilling . plus you grandfather call to inform we he will no longer be offer security . niki I know . there be no room for failure . I understand that . niki ( V /o ) but I be still a lauda ... 24 int . niki be car / road to vienna airport - day 24 niki be drive he car . beside he , be the attache case on he lap . his car pass under a motorway sign read " flughafen " . ( Airport ) ... niki ( V /o ) ... which mean I be still a businessman above everything else . 25 ext . vienna airport - day 25 a private jet . a bald , blazer englishman in late middle - age ( louis stanley ) , owner of brm racing , disembark onto the tarmac ... niki ( V /o ) it just so happen that the business I deal in be speed . 26 int . vienna airport - cafe 26 niki sit with louis stanley in a airport cafe . contract be open on the table . niki be signing . louis stanley be counter-signing ... ( continued ) 18 26 continued : 26 stanley in return for you money you get a car , mechanic and a place on the team . plus fifty per cent of start fee and bonuse for podium finish . niki who 's the number one driver ? stanley clay regazzoni and you will defer to he at all time . niki take out he cheque book and pen . he look up ... niki why would I defer to he if I be pay he wage ? niki write the cheque . stanley 's smile fade .. stanley because he 's a prove winner at the high level , a good guy , and someone who quite frankly , could teach you a thing or two . niki ignore this , continue scrutinize the contract ... niki ok . there be one clause miss . stanley the one about mechanic ' exclusivity ? sorry . we have a cardinal rule at brm . all information be share between all we driver .. niki and I make it perfectly clear that my mechanic work for I . no one else . this be something I can not sign . niki take back the cheque . stanley stare ... stanley all right . I will have the lawyer amend it . niki while you be at it you can tell they to amend the clause for podium finish . podium be first three place , not just win . ( continued ) 19 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 niki put the cheque in he attache case . snap it shut , take it with he .. niki you will get the money on signature , as agree . see you at winter testing . niki get to he foot , and leave . stanley watch the attache case disappear . stanley if that little git drive half as well as he negotiate , we be go to be fine . CUT to : 27 omitted 27 28 int . award ceremony - night 28 a award ceremony be in progress . the room be thick with cigar and cigarette smoke . a presenter on stage , wear black tie ... presenter I be delighted to say the winner of the british Guild of motor writer award for the ` most promise Driver of the Year ' be James hunt ... a loud , boisterous cheer go up at the hesketh Racing table . jame turn to a ( new / different ) girlfriend beside he , give she a linger kiss on the lip , then get to he foot , shake hand with hesketh , and bubble and skip up to the podium ... jame thank you . my parent always want I to be a doctor , or stockbroker , and give I a first class education ... but to no avail . my brother be the success storey . I get bored easily . I have a hot head , a inability to tolerate discipline . I fall out with people leave and right . I be quick to settle matter with my fist . the only creature I have ever love and treat well , be budgerigar . in any normal area of life , I would be ...or am ... a total liability . all I have get go for I be I be quick in a car . ( continued ) 20 28 continued : 28 a good-look woman call out .. woman that 's not all ! laughter . jame so thank you for acknowledge that . and give I this ... ( indicate trophy ) I be go to give it to my dad , and tell he to put it on the mantle - piece and imagine it 's a first class degree in medicine . 29 int . award ceremony - later 29 afterwards : everyone be celebrate . thanks to jame , every pretty woman in the club be around . the trophy be perch beside bottle of champagne ... hesketh well do , superstar . one more season in f2 then I will move you up . to the big time . jame you do not think I be ready now ? hesketh you be ! I be not ! I have get to find you a car first . and the money . the economics of formula 1 be terrifying . bubble hurry up . you do not want he to do what lauda do . ` pop ' , hesketh open a bottle of champagne ... bubble ( contíd ) the goosestepper . remember he ? jame make the chicken noise again .. bubble Said he no longer want to risk he life with " a bunch of crazy amateur and loser ... " jame be that what he call we ? ( continued ) 21 29 continued : 29 doc charm ! hesketh nothing wrong with be a amateur ! bubble Said if he be go to risk he life , he would only do so on the big roulette table . formula 1 . so he get himself a drive with brm . jame what ? how ? he never win a thing ! not a single bloody race . hesketh amateur be what make this country great . bubble take out a loan , apparently . paid for it himself . hesketh " in war , as in lovemake , amateur be invariably better than professional . " napoleon bonaparte . bubble a hundred and fifty grand ! jame a hundred and fifty grand ? jame stare . already sick with envy . jame that 's either a act of utter lunacy , or the ballsiest thing I ever hear . CUT to : 30 int / ext . reception paul ricard circuit - FRANCE - day 30 the paul ricard circuit near marseille in the South of France . where all winter training and testing be do . niki arrive . a attractive woman ( agnes ) greet he ... niki niki lauda . here for pre-season testing . brm ? ( continued ) 22 30 continued : 30 agnes take a seat , please . I will get someone to come and collect you ... niki watch as she telephone the brm workshop ... agnes hi . there 's someone here for you ? niki ( prompt ) lauda . agnes ( misunderstanding , speak louder ) someone here to see you . she hang up . niki decide against point out she mistake . agnes they will be right here . niki thank you . a silence . the receptionist continue with she work . niki watch she , unsure what to say , ( small - talk not he forte ) ... niki worked here long ? agnes Excuse I ? niki just wonder if you have work here long ? agnes almost eight year . niki that long ? and they do not promote you yet ? agnes yes , several time . I be the agnes . agnes bonnet . if you be look for the receptionist , she 's on she lunch . niki be throw . feel humiliate . a total jerk . he be about to say something when the door open , and ... two other f1 driver walk in .. ( continued ) 23 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 glamorous , long-haire , tan , fashionable - like rock star , they talk effortlessly and flirt confidently with agnes . what be you do answer the phone ? New haircut ! like it . what have you do to the weather ? they make she laugh . and smile . niki feel invisible . embarrass . awkward . inadequate . he get to he foot . and go to the car that have come to collect he . as he go , ( unseen by niki ) , agnes watch he . ignoring the other driver . intrigue . he 's different . interesting . intense . intelligent eye . 31 ext . brm workshop - day 31 the car pull up outside the workshop . niki get out of the car , and be greet by louis stanley , and the brm team ... stanley niki , let I introduce you to we number 1 driver , clay regazzoni.. and we number 2 , Jean Pierre beltoise .. the intimidating , muscular , moustachioe figure of clay regazzoni , the swiss driver . niki and clay shake hand . stanley and this be you mechanic , report exclusively to you . as per contract ... regazzoni , beltoise and stanley exchange look as niki shake hand , ad-libbed greeting with he mechanic . mechanic you want to see the car ? 32 int / ext . brm workshop - day 32 niki be lead into the workshop to see a red and white marlboro sponsor car , number 21 , with a tall air-intake duct just above the driver 's helmet ... mechanic there she be . the p160 .. niki same as regazzoni's ? ( continued ) 24 32 continued : 32 mechanic identical in every detail . niki scrutinize the car ... niki she look heavy . how much do she weigh ? mechanic 540 kilo . niki that 's crazy . why so heavy ..? mechanic it 's a 3 litre , v12 engine , that thing weigh 190 k alone . niki what horsepower be you get out of it ? mechanic 450 . niki not enough . need to be 500 and the engine need to be 20 k lighter . mechanic we already try ... niki do you use magnesium part ? the mechanic look at one another skeptically ... 33 int . brm workshop - night 33 shoot from above : the entire car have be stripped to a thousand piece . now spread all over the workshop floor . niki 's team of mechanic reluctantly work through the night make the adjustment which niki be suggest ... niki any solid plate , strip it out ... more disbely , skeptical look . the car be in piece on the floor . niki brews coffee to keep people alert . focus . ( continued ) 25 33 continued : 33 niki and when we have do that , we need to look at the aerodynamics . Front and rear wing .. more mutinous look . " who be this asshole ? " 34 ext . brm workshop - first light 34 daylight break over the race-track . the door to the workshop open , and the mechanic and niki emerge - they work do . niki go to shake hand with the mechanic ... niki ok . thank you . good night .. but they be exhaust . refuse to shake hand with this nut . 35 ext . paul ricard circuit - day 35 later : one of the brm car scream round the race-track ... niki watch on the sideline as clay regazzoni be time - testing he car . he walk over to where louis stanley and several mechanic be do the timing ... niki what be he time ? stanley two minute six second . niki ok . now put he in my car , and he will go round under two minute . stanley six second faster ? impossible . niki look up to see agnes , the attractive track manager again on the other side of the track . niki wave hi . agnes wave back . smile . niki raise he eyebrow . surprise . 36 ext . paul ricard circuit - day 36 regazzoni get into niki 's car . 26 37 ext . paul ricard circuit - day 37 regazzoni race round the track at full speed . regazzoni roar past the finish line in niki 's car . louis stanley look at the stop watch .. his expression change . 38 int . paul ricard circuit - day 38 stanley come into the workshop where niki and he mechanic be in conversation , get change ... stanley all right . what do you do to the car ? niki that 's information I will share with you under certain condition only . stanley stare , brace himself .. stanley go on ... niki a guarantee place in the team , and a pay contract on equal term with regazzoni for two year . stanley be you crazy ? clay 's a senior figure in formula one ... you be a rookie . the only reason we take you on be because you be pay we . niki well , as of now , if you want I to stay , we rip up the contract . I do not pay you a cent . stanley it 's outrageous . niki be he quick in my car ? he be , be not he ? stanley stare ... niki do he go under two minute ? ( continued ) 27 38 continued : 38 stanley ( quiet ) one fifty -six . niki so have a think , work out you priority , and get back to I . niki turn , and go . stanley stare ... stanley not even my wife speak to I like that . 39 ext . paul ricard circuit - day 39 clay regazzoni emerge from testing he car . still amaze by the improve performance . talk to he mechanic . in awe . he remove he helmet , then stop . in the distance he see niki talk to agnes the attractive track manager . they be clearly hit it off .. 40 int . paul ricard circuit - workshop - locker - room - day 40 niki be in the shower , then get change for he date with agnes . he be about to go , when he stop , and see ... clay regazzoni get undress , look at niki . clay speak English with a italian accent .. regazzoni I know what you be go to say . that it 's none of my business ... niki what ? regazzoni if it 's the track manager you be take on you date tonight ? niki immediately become defensive ... niki it 's none of you business . regazzoni okay , but if you want my advice ... I would let this one go . I be not question you taste . she 's a great girl . ( more ) ( continued ) 28 40 continued : 40 regazzoni ( contíd ) but agnes 's last boyfriend be a british formula 2 driver , who have a reputation for two thing . for be a suicidal jerk on the track , and for go all night , and all day afterwards ... and all night again in bed . he 's a ok driver , but a immortal fuck , apparently . I do not know about you , but that 's not a act I would like to follow . ( shrug ) but if that do not bother you ... niki what 's he name ? the driver ? regazzoni hunt. James hunt . niki stare . can hardly believe it . regazzoni see ? you share information , I share information . clay slap niki on he back , and go into the shower .. regazzoni that 's what team - mate be for . niki ( quiet / defeat ) thanks . 41 ext . restaurant - night 41 a restaurant in marseille . through the window we can see agnes , the attractive track manager sit at a table alone . wait for niki . reverse angle to reveal : 42 int . niki be car / marseille STREET - same time 42 niki be sit in a car across the street . he stare at agnes in the restaurant . then start he car , and drive off . fade to black : 29 43 ext . easton neston - hesketh racing hq - day 43 easton neston . set in 3,300 acre , one of England 's great country house . Home to the fermor-hesketh family since 1700 . jame and a new girlfriend drive up the gravel drive in he anything but grandiose Mini . it splutter to a stop , just in time . they be greet by uniform staff who take he tatty bag from he filthy car . 44 int . hesketh racing workshop - easton neston - day 44 the hesketh Racing workshop , situate in the convert stable on the estate . hesketh lead a blindfolded jame in ... hesketh keep they close ...! wait for it , wait for it ... hesketh remove jame 's blindfold ... hesketh there ! what do you say ? jame open he eye to see a gorgeous f1 racing car , plain white , no sticker ... hesketh be not she a beauty ? the March 731 . convert by the brilliant Doc ..! doc postlethwaite take a modest bow . jame shake hand with everyone , include he brother , ( and manager ) , peter .. jame she be a beauty . but ... have not you make a mistake ? hesketh what ? jame that 's not a formula 2 car . she 's f1. hesketh she be , superstar . why ? because I get together with the beancounter , and it turn out that the economics of f1 be not so significantly different to the economics of formula 2 ... bubble clear he throat , dutifully bite he tongue .. ( continued ) 30 44 continued : 44 hesketh so we think if we be go to be mess about lose money we might as well be do it with the big boy . jame be you serious ? hesketh never be more serious in my life ! jame embrace hesketh in excitement , kiss he ... hesketh actually , I get the idea after what you say about the austrian chap who buy he way in rather than waste he time in the lower division . I think , " bloody hell , he 's right ! " jame slip into the cockpit ... jame well do the goosestepper !! hesketh ( indicate car ) no sponsorship , superstar ! I hope you approve . jame I do , patron . hesketh no vulgar logo for cigarettes , or condom . just plain white . with the Union Jack . and racing overall which read ... hesketh indicate jame 's hang racing overall ... hesketh " sex. Breakfast of champion . " unless it 's I , of course , in which case it 's two kipper , porridge , boil egg , and half a dozen slice of toast ... laughter . jame so when do we start ? hesketh soon as you be ready . ( continued ) 31 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 jame I be ready now . hesketh that 's my boy ! hesketh pop champagne ... hesketh they will not know what 's hit they ! 45 ext . spanish gp - race track - 27 april 1975 - day 45 to establish : a formula 1 race track on Grand prix week - end .. a helicopter come in to land . the hesketh Racing team make a grand entrance with a retinue of butler , girl , roll ' royce 's , oyster , champagne ... a famous ex- champion tv reporter be there ( Stirling moss ) provide skeptical commentary about hesketh 's debut ... stirling moss ...hard to tell whether Lord hesketh and he team of upper class enthusiast be bring glamour to the racing community , or just comedy ... they walk around in they own brand clothing . Alexander 's jacket read , " Le patron " . he speak to moss . roll eye among other racing team who express surprise , curiosity ( and frequently disapproval ) at this new arrival .. stirling moss it 's certainly the first time I can remember see a butler serve caviar and oyster in the pit ... suddenly pandemonium break out . scream . something have happen . a bad accident on the track . during testing ... stirling moss ( hold ear-piece ) ... report be reach I of a serious accident that have just take place in qualifying .... all smile fade . the party atmosphere change in a flash . panic break out . the sound of siren . ambulance rush to the scene of the accident . all the journalist and tv crews rush off , too . ( continued ) 32 45 continued : 45 hesketh , bubble and jame look at one another , put down they champagne glass , and follow ... 46 ext . race track - spain - day 46 mangle wreckage . a car have crash into ( badly install ) armco guard rail , split the railing in two ... the driver have be decapitate . his helmete head lie cleanly severe on the ground ... a goldfish - bowl of blood . it 's a horrific accident . people scream and look away . even harden medical professional ... jame , hesketh , bubble arrive on the scene of the accident . but they be keep away , at a distance ... stirling moss ... it seem the driver ... just twenty - six year old .... be kill on impact ... and the death toll in formula 1 show no sign of slow down ... 47 int . hesketh pit - spanish grand prix - day 47 jame , dress in he overall , be violently retching . sick with nerve . a tv play in the pit ... commentator ... in the last five year alone formula 1 have lose pier courage , jo siffert , Peter revson , jochen rindt , francois cevert , Roger williamson ... on tv : quickfire clip of the terrible , violent death . bubble hastily switch off the tv as jame walk past ... 48 ext . paddock - day 48 jame walk out of the paddock , towards he car . other driver gather in concerned group , talk ... driver ( o.s. ) it 's terrible . jame they should cancel the race . then , a distinctive austrian accent .. ( continued ) 33 48 continued : 48 niki why ? no one come to see he anyway . he make a mistake . go into the corner too fast . jame be that right ? so say the nobody who have to pay for he own drive . how 's that work out , by the way ? niki Fine . how 's it at the back ? jame not plan on be there for long . niki good . look forward to you show I the way today . jame ` be happy to . I will have you inside lap one . niki yeah right . jame walk off to he car , shaking he head .. jame asshole . niki walk to he car , put on he helmet . niki asshole . 49 omitted 49 50 omitted 50 51 omitted 51 52 omitted 52 53 omitted 53 54 omitted 54 55 omitted 55 56 omitted 56 57 omitted 57 ( continued ) 34 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 58 omitted 58 59 ext . spanish grand prix paddock / podium - day 59 niki be on the podium , spraying champagne . he be wear the victor 's garland ... meanwhile : jame 's car be embarrassingly be bring back by a tow-truck . niki watch from the podium .. his eye meet jame 's .. 60 int . bar - HOTEL - night 60 jame and bubble and peter hunt ( jame 's blazer - wear manager and elder brother ) , sit together at a table in the corner . it 's late . a frank post-mortem . drink and talk .. jame niki humiliate I today . he lap I three time . bubble he lap carlos Pace six time . jame that 's suppose to console I ? what do I need to do ? peter grow up . jame shut up , moneyman . ` do not ask you .. bubble you brother 's right . you have get to change you attitude . we all do . and match it with a whole different mental approach . professionalism . maturity . like niki . peter Bet he do not go out every night , drink and screw himself stupid . jame so speak the jealous marry man .. peter no . so speak the manager who 's waste he time , make ten per cent of absolutely nothing . ( continued ) 35 60 continued : 60 bubble you have just get to take it more seriously . yourself more seriously . peter something he 's never do . jame do n`t patronize I , Pete ... bubble we need you to spend less time in bar and nightclub ... peter make that no time ... bubble and more time with the mechanic , set up the car . that 's what lauda do . 24 hour a day . jame roll he eye ... bubble God know there 's nothing wrong with you talent . or courage . it 's purely a character issue right now . jame and the good news be I have get sigmund Freud horsely , fail driver par excellence , and a wash - up accountant to lecture I on it . peter ( close eye ) Jesus , James ... bubble walk off . peter hunt walk off . jame call out .. jame bubbles ? I be sorry ..! I do not mean that ! come back ..! 61 omitted 61 62 omitted 62 63 omitted 63 64 omitted 64 65 omitted 65 ( continued ) 36 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 66 omitted 66 67 ext . easton neston - day 67 the grand hesketh estate in the northamptonshire countryside . 68 int . hesketh racing workshop - easton neston - day 68 jame be in the workshop , he hand and arm filthy , he 's be work on the car - but now he eye be close . memorize track . around he people be work on the car .. jame .... along the Beau rivage , long leave into massenet , into the short right of casino . sharp right into mirabeau , then sharp leave into loew , mind the guard rail ... voice be Alexander around ..? jame open he eye to see a endless pair of leg , a drop - dead gorgeous figure , and the beautiful smile face of suzy miller , the most successful model of the day . jame he be . then go to the house to take a call . he will be back shortly . suzy only he want to show off he pride and joy ... suzy indicate the car ... suzy ... rhyme with `boy ' if you ask I . and `toy ' . I can not believe what I be see . jame why ? suzy it 's just so small ! for something that cost so much . and so flimsy . there 's no comfort . no protection . nothing . jame no . just a little coffin , surround by high -octane fuel , be drive round at 170 mile per hour .. ( more ) ( continued ) 37 68 continued : 68 jame ( contíd ) ( become grave ) to all intent and purpose a bomb . on wheel . suzy why do not they make it safer ? jame no one want it to be . it 's like say why not make bullfight safer ? it 's a blood sport . the risk of death turn people on . without it , I guess , it would be half the fun . which be fine for the voyeur , fine for tv , fine for everyone .. ( a beat ) ... except we driver . suzy look jame up and down . see the bare foot , the rock star good look ... suzy you be James , be not you ? jame yes . suzy think so . you fit the description . ( shaking hand ) suzy . friend of Alex 's . jame I know exactly . in the background : one of the mechanic show doc a picture of suzy from a tabloid newspaper . she 's clearly the most famous model in Britain , and a star in she own right ... jame what be the description ? suzy mostly positive in term of appearance . negative only in term of character . I have be tell to avoid you . jame by whom ? suzy Alex . he say you be a bad boy . ( continued ) 38 68 continued : ( 2 ) 68 jame be . not any more . New I very professional . early to bed . early to rise . all very dull . suzy really ? jame round- the-clock work , practise and focus . tedious , but apparently the only way to vin against ze goosestepper .. suzy be that what you be do when you come in ? jame visualization technique . memorize the circuit , in this case Monaco , which be next up . eye close , know you way round in you sleep ... ( a beat ) I know ... I have always be a great believer in get there on the day , put the old foot down and play chicken with everyone else . suzy laugh .. jame but they do not want I to do that anymore ... they want my body like a temple . my mind like monk . suzy and you soul ? you heart ? jame what do that mean ? suzy you can not be so discipline in all area of you life , can you ..? jame they want I to stop mess around , get marry and settle down with the next nice girl I meet . they think it would be good for I . suzy what do you think ? ( continued ) 39 68 continued : ( 3 ) 68 jame sound bloody awful . suzy laugh again ... jame but since they be right about most thing , they be probably right about that , too . jame look suzy up and down ... jame you do not fancy get marry , do you ? 69 ext . brompton oratory church - london - day 69 the sound of ringing bell . London 's grandest Catholic church in the heart of knightsbridge .. 70 omitted 70 71 ext . brompton oratory church - day 71 jame and suzy , top hat and tail , flow white wedding dress , look ravish , emerge from the church . jame and suzy fall into a passionate , sexy embrace for the paparazzi camera . loud cheer go up , lead by hesketh and bubble . they make they way to the wait convoy of car ... on he way : jame spot a serious - face hesketh and doc postlethwaite in conversation with some formula 1 type in the crowd .. suzy be pull away for photo . clearly a bigger star even than jame . jame turn to bubble , indicate hesketh ... jame what 's up ? bubble nothing . I do not want to ruin you day . bubble stare , then reluctantly ... ( continued ) 40 71 continued : 71 bubble it seem you revenge against the goosestepper might have to wait a little longer than you would hope . ( a beat ) he 's just be sign by Ferrari . jame what ??? but that 's the best team in the world . they could have anyone . do he pay he way in there , too ? bubble apparently they take back regazzoni and he insisted they give lauda a trial . thinks he 's a genius . setting up the car ... jame stare ... then be pull away to pose in photograph with suzy and she family . 72 ext . fiorano - northern italy - day 72 ferrari 's state - of - the - art practise facility and private test - track in Northern Italy . 72a int . ferrari control room 72a close circuit television , with 10 camera and a complex track timing system and computer .... 72b ext . fiorano - track side 72b enzo ferrari himself , the commendatore , a formidable white - haire patriarch in onassis dark glass , read newspaper , sit by the race track , barely look up as two red Ferrari 's roar round the track ... luca DI montezemolo , the young , dynamic , aristocratic manager of the scuderia , by contrast , watch eagle - eye .. 72c ext . fiorano - trackside - later 72c the two car stop , and niki and clay regazzoni get out . niki talk ( in a mix of italian and English ) to he mechanic , give they typically blunt feedback ... niki it 's terrible ! drive like a pig ! ( continued ) 41 72c continued : 72c mechanic sssshhh ! you can not say that ! niki why not ? mechanic it 's a Ferrari ! niki I have drive better milk float . it understeer like crazy and the weight distribution be a disaster ... the mechanic gulp , then walk over to where the terrifying commendatore and luca DI montezemolo be sit , and pass on the information ... mechanic he say the car be magnificent , a masterpiece , but he have suggestion for one or two minor refinement ... 73 int . ferrari PRESS conference - day 73 a large press conference , with motor journalist and television crews from all over the world attend ... enzo ferrari and luca DI montezemolo address the conference ( in italian ) which be translate by a translator ... enzo we be happy to welcome back to the Ferrari family we good friend , clay regazzoni ... and also to introduce , from Austria niki lauda .. a burst of flash photography . niki and regazzoni sit side by side . 74 ext . italian country road - day 74 a car drive fast on country road in Northern Italy ... 75 int . car - same time 75 clay regazzoni be drive , niki be in the passenger seat ... regazzoni " Ferrari family " . " we good friend , clay regazzoni " . ( more ) ( continued ) 42 75 continued : 75 regazzoni ( contíd ) you be friend and family to the commendatore as long as you win . the minute you do not .. ( mime execution ) niki I understand . it 's business . I would be the same . regazzoni but it be not just business , be it ? what we do ? it 's passion . Love . which be why we be prepare to risk we life for it . niki not I . if I think I have more talent and could earn better money do something else , I would . regazzoni but how do you know you will make money here ? you have not yet . niki not yet . but I will . ( smile ) if you can , I can . regazzoni shake he head , can not help smile ... regazzoni you know , be you ever not a asshole ? niki laugh ... niki why be I a asshole ? you know by now I be both quick than you and better at set up the car . you can not deal with that , then you be the asshole . regazzoni screw you . regazzoni pull up outside the house ... regazzoni ( contíd ) I bring you along today because you seem like a lonely kind of guy . I think if I introduce you to some nice people , it would be good for you . forget it . make you own friend . ( continued ) 43 75 continued : ( 2 ) 75 regazzoni walk ahead , disappear through the front door , where he be warmly welcome , and invite into a party . niki call after he ... niki I be sorry . c'mon , clay ... 76 ext . country house - northern italy - day 76 niki stare through the window . Inside : a very appeal look bunch - young , good -look , cool , sexy guest - all have a good time .. by contrast : niki catch he own reflection in the glass reflection . pale. intense . the outsider . Inside : regazzoni be surround by friend , tell a story . everyone laugh . niki watch . then turn to walk away . as he go , the front door open ... and a beautiful dark -haire woman ( marlene ) emerge load several bag into a car . brunette , tan . wearing a white dress . niki be you leave ? marlene yes . niki can you give I a lift to the nearest town ? anywhere with a train station . marlene sure . nearest town be half a hour 's drive . get in . 77 omitted 77 78 ext . road - day 78 the car drive . the radio play . marlene sing along . niki can not help notice something . he turn down the music . marlene 's smile fade .. marlene what be you do ? ( continued ) 44 78 continued : 78 niki you hear that noise when you accelerate ? marlene no . niki you drive belt be loose . marlene my what ? niki alternator . and when you brake , you foot go all the way down . means there 's air in the system . marlene anything else ? niki no . apart from the rear brake be imbalance . the front right wheel be flat , and it feel like a crack in the engine block ... which explain why you be drift so much . marlene how can you tell ? niki my ass . marlene what ? niki God give I a ok mind , but a really good ass , which can feel everything in a car . marlene you do not know what you be talk about . the car be fine . and it just have a service a week ago . niki not a good one . marlene a very good one . from a proper garage . it cost a fortune . this car be good as new . relax . 45 79 ext . motorway - hard shoulder - day 79 White smoke pour from the engine . the car have break down . bonnet up . niki have try fix it , but to no avail . niki have a fan belt in he hand , but it 's all but disintegrated under the heat of the over - work engine . niki 's hand be cover in oil . he be push a pen into a large crack in the engine , slick with oil and grease . niki nothing I can do here . the car need a garage . marlene I be sorry . you be not in a hurry , be you ? niki no . as long as I be back in maranello by Monday morning . niki walk out into the road . stick out he thumb ... marlene so who be you anyway ? marlene break into german ... ( we see sub-titles ) ... marlene you be from Vienna , be not you . we can speak german . how do you know curd ? niki who 's curd ? marlene curd jurgen . the actor . it 's he house . he be , or be until yesterday , my boyfriend . I must have be mad ! there be something very attractive about a older man when they behave like one . but when they behave like a frighten child .. marlene get to she foot ... marlene c'mon , let I do this . otherwise we will never get out of here . we be in Italy , after all . marlene indicate that niki should take a back seat , hitches up she skirt , show long , tan leg .. ( continued ) 46 79 continued : 79 ssscccreeeeeeeeeccccchhhhhhh !!!!! immediately a pass car screech to a halt , then reverse noisily to pull level . marlene smile at niki ... marlene not bad , eh ? Three second . admit it , you be impressed ..! marlene smile flirtatiously at the handsome , young italian men drive the open-topped sport car .. marlene ciao , regazzi ...! but the italian men walk right past she , not see she , as if she 's invisible , and stare at niki ... italian man ( in italian ) Excuse I ... be you niki lauda ? niki yes . italian man ( in italian ) oh , my God ...!!! I tell you it be he ..!!! ( blow away ) do you need a ride ? niki yes , we do ... the italian man gesture to he car , as he friend load marlene 's luggage inside ... italian man a honour , please !!! but on one condition .. the italian man whisper in niki 's ear . marlene stare , not understanding , as niki protest , but then slowly , reluctantly get into the car . he start the engine . marlene watch as the italian men strap themselves in with the seat -belt , tightening they ... giggle like schoolboy .. marlene will someone please tell I what 's go on ? marlene turn to niki ... ( continued ) 47 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 marlene who be you , anyway ? what do you do ? italian man you do not know ? he 's a formula I driver . who just sign for Ferrari ! marlene him ? never. impossible ! italian man why ? marlene formula 1 driver have long hair , be sexy , have shirt open to here .. marlene indicate ... marlene anyway , look at the way he 's drive !! like a old man !! it 's true . niki be drive in the slow lane . like a pensioner . niki no need to drive fast . it only increase the percentage of risk . we be not in a hurry . no one be pay I . right now , with zero incentive or reward , why would I drive fast ? marlene look at he with she dark green eye ... marlene ( in german ) because I be ask you to . niki ( in german ) and do you always get what you want ? marlene ( in german ) usually . niki stare , try to resist ... but cannot . he do a lightning double-declutch ... " slam " , niki 's foot hit the floor , the engine scream , the rev counter fly to the right ... and the open-topped sport car lurch into warp -drive ... ( continued ) 48 79 continued : ( 3 ) 79 marlene be throw back hard in she seat , " Jesus " , she eye widen in terror and amazement .. marlene oh , my God ...!! the italian men scream in excitement , hold on for dear life as niki , he heart not a beat over 60 , take the car to break point , in a way it 's never be drive before ... niki overtake everyone on the motorway , fearlessly weaving between car at twice they speed .. we close on niki 's eye , remain dead calm as he passenger scream all around he , as he accelerate through the other car on the motorway ... his eye remain calm , he wheel a blur of speed , and we ... match CUT to : 80 ext . USA gp - watkins glen - 5 th october 1975 - track - day 80 calm eye , and wheel move in a blur of speed . we be in the middle of a Grand prix , and niki be drive at the limit ... caption : " 1975 " . ahead of he : a familiar sight . the back of jame hunt 's hesketh .. 81 ext . pit - day 81 marlene watch on tv in the pit as niki be engage in a epic tussle with jame ... commentator note the improvement in jame 's technique , maturity and performance . but then , " puff " , a plume of smoke come out of jame 's engine . the engine have blow ... immediately jame lose speed , and niki sail past , overtake effortlessly . take the chequere flag . Television commentary in various language tell we : niki lauda have become world champion ... 82 ext . ferrari pit / USA gp track side - day 82 niki 's car pull in , to be mobbed by jubilant mechanic as he get out of he car , remove he helmet , embrace by a delighted luca DI montezemolo ... ( continued ) 49 82 continued : 82 ... then fall into a passionate kiss with marlene ... Champion of the World , he be immediately swallow up by reporter who be demand interview in italian , german , English ... 83 ext . USA gp / paddock - day 83 a impromptu party in the paddock area . the victor 's garland still round he neck , proudly hold the fia World Champion trophy , he hair matte with champagne , niki pass through the crowd , accept everyone 's congratulation .. he run into jame , who 's in bare foot as usual . marlene be pull away to talk to someone else .. jame congratulation . niki thank you . jame though with a car like that , the rest of we never stand a chance ... niki maybe the fact the car be so good might have something to do with I . jame you be still in a Ferrari . and I be still in a hesketh . on equal term , the way it be in formula 3 , I would beat you , and you know it . niki never . you might get lucky and win one race . maybe two . because you be aggressive . but in the long run , over the course of a season , no chance . jame why 's that ? niki because you be not serious . you be just a party guy . which be why everyone like you . jame now try say that and tell I you be not jealous . ( continued ) 50 83 continued : 83 niki but all that affection , all that smile be also a sign of they disrespect ! they do not fear you . whereas compare that to I ... jame whom no one like ... niki right .. jame not even he own team -mate .. niki right ! because I be relentless . I do not screw up . I go to bed early . I look after myself , look after my car . and then , soon as the race be finish , I go home . you should go home more often , too . I hear you get marry . jame I do . niki so where be she ? jame in New York . work . niki you know I have never see you with she , once ... niki turn to marlene , " let 's go " .. 84 ext . easton neston - day 84 jame 's Mini roar furiously up the long gravel driveway towards easton neston . screech to a halt . jame get out of the car . be greet by staff , whom he uncharacteristically ignore , storming past ... 85 int . easton neston - workshop - day 85 jame walk into the workshop where bubble horsley be busy do something ... ( continued ) 51 85 continued : 85 jame right , whatever it take to beat lauda , just say it , you word be my command . I will do it . there be no length to which I will not go . and I mean it this time ... jame stop , notice bubble 's expression ... jame what 's the matter ? then jame notice what bubble be do . he 's pack . jame what be you do ? then jame notice the lack of activity in the workshop . none of the usual mechanic , or engineer .. jame where be everyone ? bubble look up . unsure how to break it to he . 86 int . drawing - room - easton neston - day 86 a old draw - room . the open fire roar . but hesketh be uncharacteristically quiet . defeat .. hesketh do you know what the date be today ? jame November 14th . hesketh do you have any idea of the significance of that date ? jame I be assume it refer to some animal you be allow or no longer allow to slaughter on you estate . hesketh actually it 's the deadline for secure sponsorship for the forthcoming formula 1 season . ( a beat ) which elapse at midnight last night . and we do not attract any . ( continued ) 52 86 continued : 86 jame so ? we be not look for sponsorship . condom and cigarettes . vulgar , right ? hesketh right . except we be . or be . I have make something of a miscalculation . the economics . formula 1 . reality thereof . turn out not like the lower division at all . jame what be you say ? hesketh I be say it 's over , superstar . the bank have step in . read I the riot act . start lay everyone off . probably have to sell this place . fun while it last , would do it all again and all that ... ( ashen ) I dare not tell you the actual figure . jame stare at a devastate hesketh ... jame Christ . 87 int . james' flat - london - night 87 jame be on the phone to he brother peter , while play scale-electrix car on a track alone , barefoot ... jame I need a drive , Pete . need you to find I a drive . ( listen ) what do that mean ? " my reputation precede I ? " " crash " , the electric toy car crash ... jame ( listen ) really ? be that what they say ? ( a beat ) do they at least say a " Quick arsehole ? " ( listen ) bollock to Lotus . find I someone else . I will go mad otherwise . " click " , jame hang up . suzy walk in . see he mood .. ( continued ) 53 87 continued : 87 suzy do not worry . something will turn up . jame open a bottle of scotch , pour himself a drink ... suzy but I doubt that will help in the meantime . jame knock back the drink ... suzy why do not we go away for the week - end ? before I leave again for New York ? jame carry on drink .. suzy talk to I , James . do not make a stranger of I . jame do not react ... suzy I can not watch this . suzy pick up she coat , and bag .. jame what be you hope for ? a well - adjust knight in shine armour ? suzy no danger of that .... jame let I give you some advice . suzy I be all ear ... jame do not go to man who be willing to kill themselves drive in circle look for normality . suzy well , I certainly do not get that ... jame should have go for one of my brother . ( continued ) 54 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 suzy there go that self - pity again . how strike it be - jame what 's that ? tell I .. suzy the gulf between appearance and reality . look at you , all sunshine blonde beauty and smile ... yet the reality be ... a frighten , immature , depressed , self - pity child ... jame at least there 's something behind the facade . suzy with a nasty temper .. jame fuck off to New York , dear . there must be a moisturizer or eye shadow somewhere that need you vapid mush to flog it . suzy how quickly beauty can turn ugly . jame agreed . repellent . suzy stare ... and go . jame carry on drink . 88 omitted 88 89 omitted 89 90 int . james' flat - following morning 90 the follow morning . the phone ring . pierce the darkness . jame , clearly the worse for wear , be talk to he beloved budgie ... jame good girl ... a surprising vulnerability , and childlike innocence about jame . he stroke the bird with real tenderness .. the phone continue ringing . jame pick it up ... ( continued ) 55 90 continued : 90 jame ( into phone ) hello ? jame listen , then hear something on the phone that make he sit up ... jame ( into phone ) who ? mclare ? jame be waking rapidly now .. jame ( into phone ) just get I in a room with they , Pete . say anything . today ? yes , I can do today . ( check watch ) I can be there in a hour . jame start scribbling down the address . 91 ext . mclaren hq - to establish 91 the headquarters of mclare Racing in colnbrook , buck . a small , unassume building on the poyle Trading estate . bare brickwork surround a brash yellow facade , with the word `mclaren racing ' in large white letter . 92 int . mclaren hq - boardroom - day 92 a large boardroom . team director teddy mayer ( american , from Pennsylvania , short , lawyerly , 50' - hair turn grey ) sit at the head of the table . next to he be aussie marlboro spokesman JOHN hogan and mclare team manager and chief mechanic alastair caldwell . the atmosphere be tense , uncomfortable ... mayer I will come straight to the point . we esteem lead driver ... caldwell fitti-fucking-paldi.. mayer have ditch we for another team at the last minute .. caldwell in November . Fucking outrageous . ( continued ) 56 92 continued : 92 mayer and we need a replacement . asap . thankfully a few hand have already go up . good people ... caldwell like Jackie ickx . jame I be quick than Jackie . mayer but he 's consistent , dependable . sponsor friendly . he will dress up nice . say the right thing . jame what do you want ? a driver or a brushes salesman ? mayer we want to be successful . jame so do I . but I measure that in podium finish and beat niki lauda not be a show pony for sponsor . mayer I have hear about this thing with lauda . caldwell ( roll eye ) everyone have .. mayer you really think you can beat he ? he 's World Champion . jame I beat he in formula 3 . caldwell this season alone he 's have eight podium , five win , you have have what ? hogan one . jame only because I have be in the wrong car . I beat he when the play field be level . I would beat he again in a mclare . ( more ) ( continued ) 57 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 jame ( contíd ) it 's the only car out there as good as the Ferrari . which be why I be here , begging . jame stare imploringly .. jame I will do whatever you ask . even put on a suit , talk to sponsor and say the right thing . I promise . ( a beat ) just give I the drive ... caldwell , hogan and mayer look at one another ... 93 omitted 93 94 omitted 94 95 omitted 95 96 omitted 96 97 omitted 97 98 ext . south africa grand prix - kyalami - 6th MARCH 1976 - day 98 various shot , to establish . South Africa in the apartheid era . we notice black race fan unable to get into the track .. caption : " the 1976 formula 1 season " commentator ... welcome to the kyalami racetrack where the big news be .. 99 ext . south africa - kyalami race track - day 99 crowd flood to the spectator stand . the pit lane stretch into the distance , fill with car , driver and mechanic ... commentator ... that Britain 's James hunt in he first race for mclare have qualified fastest , beat niki lauda 's Ferrari to pole by two hundredth of a second . in the crowd to watch the race none other than movie star Richard burton and Liz Taylor ... we pick out richard burton and liz taylor wave to scream fan . 58 100 ext . starting grid - kyalami - day 100 niki and jame 's car line up in position 1 and 2 on the start grid . jame proudly indicate to niki ... jame New car . niki I notice . jame pole position . niki I notice that , too . jame level play field now , my ratty little friend . niki let 's see where we be at the end of lap one . niki call after jame as he walk to he car ... niki let 's see where we be in six race time !! jame turn , make a ratty face at niki . protrude tooth . 101 ext . VIP grandstand - day 101 richard burton and liz taylor be show into the VIP area of the paddock . they take they seat . liz taylor ( bored already ) will this take very long ? a official introduce burton to various people - among they suzy hunt ... official Richard burton ... suzy Miller , also know as Mrs. James hunt . burton who ? there it be . the deep , dark , sonorous welsh baritone voice ... scar by alcohol and cigarettes ... ( continued ) 59 101 continued : 101 suzy James hunt . one of the racer . burton forgive I . Richard . ( extend hand ) also know as Mr. Elizabeth Taylor . he indicate liz who be deeply bored .. liz taylor what do a girl have to do to get a drink around here ? suzy smile . they eye meet . and no eye be more beautiful than suzy 's . a immediate connection between they . they hand hold a fraction too long as they shake ... 102 omitted 102 103 omitted 103 104 ext . race track - day 104 niki 's car roar past the finish line first . jame closely behind ... caption : " south africa . lauda win . hunt second . " 104aext . podium - kyalami - day 104a jame and niki be on the podium together ... jame my car be not right today . next time I will have you .. niki yeah , yeah ... 105 omitted 105 106 omitted 106 107 omitted 107 108 ext . spanish grand prix - jarama , 2nd may 1976 - day 108 jame 's car take the chequere flag , finish first !!! 60 108aint / ext . mclaren pit 108a in the pit : teddy mayer , alastair caldwell and JOHN hogan leap to they foot in delight . punch the air . Victory .. caption : " race 3 . spain . hunt win ... " 108bext . spanish grand prix podium / pitlane 108b afterwards : jame and niki be on the podium together ... jame what do I tell you ? car fix . equal term . you would better get use to this . jame walk off , to celebrate with the mclare team ... niki stare darkly - threaten - watch jame go .. ... then go to talk to luca do montezemolo and the ferrari team . caption : " ... but be then disqualified " . 109 ext . spanish gp paddock / parc ferme - day 109 a huge furore as several official and ferrari team member , and tv crews surround jame 's car ... raise voice debate the width of the car , hunt furious , people almost come to blow ... official the car be too wide .. jame five eighths of a inch ..! official which make it illegal ! if you want to compete , you have to change it . jame what ? you can not just `change it ' . that mean rebuild the car . who lodge the complaint ? it be Ferrari , be not it ? the two rival pit crews , ( mclare and Ferrari ) , scream abuse at one another in italian and English - a highly charge and explosive atmosphere .... caption : " lauda get maximum point " ( continued ) 61 109 continued : 109 niki watch from the inside of the ferrari trailer . 110 int . mclaren workshop - night 110 the mclare mechanic , supervise by Alastair caldwell , be make adjustment to the car to make it `legal '.. mayer ... we have to move the wing forward . to make it legal ... caldwell but that will have a knock - on effect on the oil cooler .. jame watch - already fear the worst - as the car be stripped down , effectively be rebuilt ... 111 omitted 111 111aext . watkins glen 1976 - day 111a " bang " , jame 's car shudder violently , the wheel shake as the drive shaft snap ... caption : " race 4 . lauda win . hunt retire . " 111bext . monaco grand prix 1976 - day 111b " boom " , a loud explosion . a thick plume of black smoke billow from the engine ... jame no ! no! no ! caption : " race 5 . lauda win again . hunt retire . " 111cext . belgium gp 1976 - zolder - day 111c " crash " - jame spin out ... and a tyre bounce along the track ... jame 's car have crash into a wall ... jame I can not stand it ... the tyre continue bounce , people diving out of it 's path , before the tyre finally smashes into a hot - dog stand ... caption : " race 6 . lauda win again . hunt retire . " ( continued ) 62 111ccontinued : 111c 112 omitted 112 113 ext . belgium grand prix - zolder - pitlane - day 113 jame storm back into the pit , scream at mayer , caldwell and the mechanic ... jame what 's happen ? what have you do ?? the car 's evil ! it 's undriveable ..! caption : " lauda 56 point , hunt 6 " 113aint . paddock / PRESS tent - day 113a later : the victorious niki , wear the garland , be all smile , give `winner ' interview , surround by marlene and a delighted luca DI montezemolo . jame be also give interview , but in a total fury . vibrating with anger . still complain about the disqualification . complain about a conspiracy . complain . niki finish talk to journalist , and walk off , through crowd , and bump into jame .. niki so ... six race in . how 's it go so far ? jame Fine ! just get a little problem with a bad loser rat and he team of italian saboteur who have destroy my car . niki what be you talk about ? jame I win that race in Spain . and you know it . niki in a illegal car . jame the aerofoil be five eighths of a inch too long !! something that do not have the slight effect on car speed . you complain . now we have have to totally rebuild the car and it 's become a monster . ( continued ) 63 113acontinued : 113a niki at least it 's a legal monster . jame a car that be beat you week in week out , so you have to resort to this . cheate . niki he drive in a illegal car and he call I the cheat ? let I tell you : two week before that race in Spain , we put 20 - inch rim on the rear wheel . we get a extra half second speed on each lap !! but the Old man tell I we can not use that rim , they make the car too wide . against the rule . so we go back to 19 - inch rim make the car slower again . rule be rule . for all of we . you be just a bad loser who can not accept that . ( tapping head , to marlene ) komm , he 's crazy . sick in the head . niki turn to marlene , speak in german ... niki de trottel lassen wir alleine .. ( let 's go . leave this jerk alone . ) no wonder she leave he ... niki and marlene go . jame be leave stare . not understanding . 114 int / ext . zolder paddock / mclaren truck - day 114 jame walk into the crowded mclaren pit . see teddy mayer and alastair caldwell ... jame be there something I should know about suzy ? where be she ? be not she suppose to be here today ? caldwell nervously indicate the Sunday newspaper ... caldwell we keep it from you . do not want to tell you before the race ... jame look at the newspaper , then he expression change . ( continued ) 64 114 continued : 114 lurid headline about suzy hunt in New York with richard burton . picture all over the front page of richard burton , elizabeth taylor , suzy and jame . jame 's face fall .. jame Jesus . 115 ext . runway - day 115 a jumbo jet roar down the runway and take off ... 116 omitted 116 117 ext . manhattan - day 117 the unmistakable skyline . among the ten thousand craggy rooftop and skyscraper ... a grand , five - star hotel overlook Central Park in Manhattan 's mid-town district ... 118 ext . HOTEL - manhattan - day 118 a huge collection of paparazzi snapper and journalist hack be campe outside the hotel . immediately a surge of activity , " here he be " ... a burst of flashlight and a volley of question from the journalist as jame - get out of the taxi and run the gauntlet of humiliation ... ... into the hotel .. 119 omitted 119 120 omitted 120 121 int . HOTEL suite - day 121 a large hotel suite . there be flower everywhere . newspaper be all over the table . jame sit opposite suzy . he see a expensive gift ; recently open . a diamond necklace .. jame that from he ? suzy nod . even the uninitiated eye can tell : it 's worth a fortune . ( continued ) 65 121 continued : 121 suzy why have you come here , James ? jame to get you back . suzy you do not want I back ... you never want to be marry in the first place . you do it because you hope it might change you ... settle you down ... help with the racing . not because you love I . and who know , if it have be just the drink , or the dope , or the infidelity , or the mood ... it might even have work ... but when it 's all of they ? jame I know . I be terrible . suzy no , you be not terrible . you be just ... who you be ... at this point in you life . and God help anyone that want more . jame will he be able to give you more ? he have quite the bad boy reputation himself . suzy what 's important be how it feel to I . and it feel like he adore I . a flicker behind jame 's eye . failure . jame right . suzy he 's aware of the delicacy of the situation , and how it look . have raid you larder . plunder you safe . smash and grab , and so forth . so he 's assure I he will take care of the financial side . and will be very generous . jame manage a brave smile . jame Fine . I will give he a call . ( continued ) 66 121 continued : ( 2 ) 121 suzy no . his lawyer will contact you . jame notice the vast unmade bed . where , until recently , two people have sleep . 121aext . HOTEL - manhattan - day 121a jame emerge from the hotel - into the storm of paparazzi again . he manage a brave smile ... jame it 's all very amicable . my wife have find herself a new backer ... I mean lover ... which make she happy .. ( laughter ) Mr. burton have find a way of feel young again ... let 's hope he pocket be deep ... they will need to be ... ( laughter ) and I have find a way to be single again without it cost I a penny , which have to go down as the biggest win of my career . laughter from the journalist who be hungrily write down the copy . but jame 's hollow smile fool no one ... 122 int . jumbo jet - first CLASS - day 122 jame sit alone in the first class section . a loser on the track , and a loser in love , too . be play out in the full glare of publicity . on the front page . be read by everyone on the plane . a stewardess look over , catch he eye . smile . 123 int . jumbo jet - wc - day 123 jame and the stewardess fuck . hard . nothing to do with pleasure . a analgesic - a way of block out the pain . jame catch he own reflection in the mirror . teeth clench . eye burn with anger and self -loathing ... over this : we fade in the roar of car engine ... 123aint . french gp 1976 - paul ricard - 4 th JULY 1976 123a jame 's tooth still clench . eye still burn with anger . driving flat out . at the limit . ( continued ) 67 123acontinued : 123a suzy 's word still ringing in he ear . make that beyond the limit . at the point of no return . the car shaking . weaving recklessly through other car ... where death have become a real option . because he do not care anymore . because it 's all he deserve anyway ... and in that moment , in reach he lowest point , jame have unwittingly stumble on the one thing that give he a advantage over everyone else ... the fact that he do not care . the fact that death have become a option . the fact that there be no risk he be not prepare to take ... so every corner be tighter , every brake point later , every gap be a open , no matter how tiny ... 124 ext . french grand prix 1976 - paul ricard - day 124 the chequere flag wave as jame 's car roar across the finish line ... jame scream with release rage .... caption : " race 7 . hunt win . lauda 's engine blows up " 125 int . mclaren pit - paul ricard - day 125 afterwards : teddy mayer , alastair caldwell and JOHN hogan celebrate in delight ... cheer ... 126 omitted 126 126aext . british grand prix - 18th JULY 1976 - day 126a niki 's car be pursue by jame 's . they disappear behind a copse of tree . out of sight . when they re-emerge , jame be ahead of niki , have overtaken he - to the delight of the partisan crowd . the chequere flag wave again as jame 's car roar across the finish line ... caption : " race 8 . hunt win . lauda 2nd . " jame scream in catharsis and triumph . teeth clench . eye wide and stare with concentration . ( continued ) 68 126acontinued : 126a we notice scream girl fan cheer he now . 127 omitted 127 128 ext . fia headquarters - day 128 a blazer - wear fia official address a room full of sport and motor journalist , tv crews , etc ... fia official follow a inquiry into the disqualification of driver James hunt from the Spanish Grand prix , it have be decide to overturn this disqualification ... and to restore he victory , and reinstate he point .. 129 int . mclaren hq - brand hatch - day 129 jame , teddy mayer , alastair caldwell , and all the mechanic be watch on tv ... huge celebration . cheer and whooping . scream girl . 130 omitted 130 131 ext . brand be hatch - PRESS tent - day 131 a crowded PRESS room . in opposite corner of the room , jame and niki be give interview to different PRESS and tv journalist . Stirling moss be talk to jame ... stirling moss ... James , a few week ago , you be out of the run for this season completely , now you be right back in it . what 's change ...? scream girl in the background , shouting " James , we love you . " jame stare across the room at niki ... jame a combination of factor , not all of which I be prepare to discuss here . justice be do be : the disqualification in Spain help , and have my old car back of course ... in the other corner : niki be do he interview in german , ( we see sub-titles ) ... ( continued ) 69 131 continued : 131 journalist mathematically in theory it 's now possible for hunt to catch you . be you worried ? niki not at all . for he to catch I , he would have to win all the remain race , and I would have to lose they . and pig would have to fly . laughter among the confident german . niki now if you will excuse I , I have a private family matter to attend to . niki take marlene 's hand , and lead she away . 132 ext . viennese registry office - day 132 to establish : the viennese skyline . 133 int . registry office - day 133 niki and marlene get marry . in stark contrast to jame 's wedding ... it 's a small , intimate affair . modest . not showy . away from the camera . just they . and a witness from the pub . 134 ext . airfield - day 134 a small aeroplane take off ... 135 int . aeroplane - day 135 niki and a instructor be in the plane . in the cockpit . with marlene , who watch ... niki be learn to fly . marlene watch as niki soak up the instruction , ask question , happy . it 's another side to he , completely . 136 ext . ibiza - night 136 niki and marlene in a pool . in ibiza . play . laugh . honeymoon . then niki 's expression change . his smile fade . 70 137 int . bedroom - house - ibiza - night 137 marlene be fast asleep . she wake , to discover the bed be empty beside she .. 138 int . house - ibiza - night 138 marlene walk through the house , look for niki . then find he on a balcony ... alone .. marlene come to bed . marlene notice he mood . it 's different . marlene what 's the matter ? niki it 's the enemy , you know . happiness . niki look up at marlene ... niki it weaken you . put doubt in you mind . because all of a sudden you have something to lose .. marlene stare at he . marlene when you call happiness a enemy , then it 's too late . ( a beat ) then you have lose already . marlene turn , and go .. niki be leave alone . we can tell from he expression , he be struggle with something for the first time . fear . 139 ext . nurburgring - day 139 the notoriously difficult and treacherous german race track . test be underway . a car ( from one of the other team ) skid , and crash violently . 71 139aext . nurburgring - crash site - day 139a ambulance arrive . the Driver be badly hurt . scream in pain . his leg be crush . bone be stick out . a brutal compound fracture . he be take away . 139bint / ext . nurburgring pitlane - day 139b in the pit , everyone be shake . jame , regazzoni , and other driver nervously talk among themselves as the ambulance race past . niki 's face : visibly pale . more frighten than ever . 140 ext . nurburgring - day 140 Race -day . huge crowd arrive at the nurburgring . and rain . heavy rain fall . Television commentary inform we about the nurburgring 's terrible reputation as a vgraveyard ' track . 141 ext . nurburgring - day 141 jame arrive at the race track , to find alastair caldwell wait for he , a concerned look on he face ... caldwell we have just be tell , a driver 's meeting have be call . jame who by ? caldwell niki . jame 's face . instantly suspicious . 142 int . meeting room - nurburgring race track - day 142 about sixty people , ( 26 driver and all the different team representatives ) , be assemble in the room , where a blazer fia official and a member of the driver safety committee be sit behind a table ... a buzz of anticipation and curiosity . what 's go on ? what be all this about ? niki get to he foot , raise he hand call for silence ... ( continued ) 72 142 continued : 142 niki thank you . I call this meeting because as all driver know the nurburgring be a race track from the Stone Ages . the most stupid , barbaric , outdated , dangerous , track in the world . you have all see the rain which have be fall this morning . that of you with experience know the Ring need perfect condition to be even remotely acceptable in term of risk . as you can see today be anything but perfect , so I call this meeting to take a vote to cancel the race . a ripple of astonished reaction among the driver .. niki there would be no change to the situation as far as point be concerned . the race would simply be cancel . teddy mayer look over at ferrari representative .... mayer this be bullshit ... another driver ( guy edward ) get to he foot ... edward if the race be cancel , none of we get we race fee ... niki it 's true . you leave without you fee , but you might leave with you life . another voice pierce the controversy ... voice it also mean you would effectively win the championship . it 's jame hunt , who be stand up ... jame so I can see why this suit you just fine . niki why ? there would be no point for I either ... ( continued ) 73 142 continued : ( 2 ) 142 jame but there would be one race less where I , or anyone else , could catch you . uproar in the room ... BRETT lunger James be right ! this be just tactic ! arturo merzario Ferrari 's dirty trick ! we have see it before ! harald ertl maybe it 's just that he 's frighten ? laughter among the driver ... niki which asshole say this ? silence . no hand go up . no one have the courage to own up . niki yes , I be frighten . always a little bit when I race . I accept every time I get in my car there be 20 % chance that I could die . but not one per cent more . and today , with the rain the risk be more . how dare you accuse I of lack of courage ? let I remind you . I have the track record here . I be the only person in history to do the Ring in under 7 minute . so actually it 's to my advantage to race here today . because I be quick than all of you . a stunne silence . one voice pierce the room ... jame Fine . then let 's race ! it 's jame who stare at niki : a ripple of excitement and enthusiasm among the other driver ... jame there 's a hundred thousand fan out there who would never forgive we if we do not . merzario and some of we need we race fee !! ( continued ) 74 142 continued : ( 3 ) 142 fia official all that in favour of cancelling the race ? niki put he hand up . one or two other racer , too ... fia official all that in favour of racing ? jame put he hand up . clearly the more popular , charismatic figure among the driver , everyone else follow . fia official gentlemen , start you engine !! a clear victory for jame . he have swing the room . everyone leave the room . jame and teddy mayer give one another a discreet hi-five ... but we rack focus through the crowd to see niki stare at jame accusingly ... hold he gaze . 143 ext . starting grid - day 143 " rrrroaaar " , a explosion of noise , as we widen and find ourselves on the start grid of the german Grand prix . a official walk through the car hold aloft a sign , " one Minute " ... deafen , angry thunder , as car rev they engine . 143 aan eye flicker - wide OPEN - staring intently 143a a pupil dilate and contract in the light . the eye stare . blink . thinks . make evaluation .. 144 ext . cloudy sky - germany - day 144 this time the eye belong to jame . he stare up at the cloud . his eyelid flicker . think . agonize . wrestling with a all important decision ... be it go to carry on raining ? or become dry ? alastair caldwell come up to jame , and shout above the noise - no time to plug he headset in ... ( continued ) 75 144 continued : 144 caldwell jochen 's go on slick . you want to change ? jame look in he wing - mirror back to he colleague , jochen Mass 's car , number 12 , several row behind he . White helmet . a team of mclare mechanic hastily change the tyre to bald , dry tyre - ( ' slick ' ) . then jame look over at the car beside he ... jame have niki change ? caldwell no . he 's go on wet . niki 's car : surround by italian Ferrari mechanic . jame then we go on wet , too . jame pull down he visor ... as he and niki 's eye meet for a split-second , then ... the starter wave the flag . they be off ! jame 's foot hit the floor - he engine scream at almost 9,000 rpm , drown out the roar of the 180,000 crowd . the car be catapault forward , the wheel - spin leave livid black scar on the asphalt .. jame and niki both make good start , and be neck and neck , but within second there 's a mclare right behind they , gain fast . jame realize it 's he team - mate , jochen Mass in a white helmet . number 12 . on he slick tyre . Mass be right to gamble on the track drying out . jame curse under he breath ... jame shit ...! jame screw up . make the wrong decision . he urgently need to change tyre . with barely one lap complete ... he swerve angrily into the pit .. 76 145 int . pit - day 145 commentary from all the world 's tv station explain the crazy , panicked situation as jame come into the pit to change to dry tyre . the mclare team frantically change the tyre . four man with air gun , two man with rapid-duty jack . alastair caldwell appear , talk to jame .. caldwell see ? I tell you to go on slick !! you do not take my advice ... jame shut up ! where 's niki ? caldwell behind you ! he make the same mistake ! jame look in he mirror to see niki 's red helmet behind he in the pit , then ... " thump " , new ( slick ) tyre hit the tarmac . jame get the signal , ` clear ! ' caldwell go! go !! go !! jame 's foot hit the floor . he roar out , with new tyre , leave niki behind he in the pit ... 146 ext . nuburgring - day 146 Archive commentary : from the world 's tv station inform we that jame roar up into 3rd position .. 147 int . james' car - day 147 jame give it everything he 's get . tearing through the gear , break as late as he can , engine scream . the world fly past in a blur . the steering wheel shake . the car can not be drive any harder . no think for safety . no think of failure .. failure be unimaginable . unconscionable . he turn into the final straight , then stop when he see something ahead . ( continued ) 77 147 continued : 147 flag . Red flag . race marshall . something have clearly happen . a accident .. the race be be stop . jame brake , slow down . he pull level with a uniform marshall .. jame what 's up ? marshall Accident . bad one . jame who ? marshall we do not know yet . 148 int . niki be car - same time 148 niki 's Pov : a continuation of the open scene . Burning smoke fill niki 's helmet , burn he lung . he cry out in agony . niki aaaaarrrrghghgghgh !!!! we can just make out the barely recognizable figure of the other driver rush towards he , as they hand get burnt in the flame as they try unsuccessfully to undo he seatbelt ... we notice it be the same driver that be critical of niki in the driver 's meeting . harald ertl , BRETT lunger , arturo merzario , guy edward ... Fire extinguishers blast at the car . cover niki 's helmet . fill he lung with chemical , along with the smoke and fume , blur he vision , as he scream horribly .. the sound of panicked tv commentary in different language . scream voice . panicked reaction . then sound fade . as niki black out - lose consciousness . fade to black : over this : the hypnotic sound of helicopter blade ... niki ( V /o ) August 1st , 1976 , I discover coma exist for a reason . 78 149 ext . mannheim university hospital - day 149 niki 's Pov : the door to a helicopter open , as it arrive at mannheim University Hospital ... the sound of shouting voice . Hospital staff pull reach towards niki , pull he stretcher out . niki 's internal voice groan : cry out at the pain . niki ( V /o ) some thing be better not remember . 150 int . mannheim university hospital - day 150 " crash " , door burst open and niki be rush into emergency . neon ceiling light pass overhead ... the sound of difficult breathe . his stretcher be surround by doctor , talk urgently , make quick assessment .. niki 's Pov : fade in and out of consciousness . burst of concerned , urgent , overlap dialogue among the german doctor which niki can barely make out .. 151 int . intensive care unit - mannheim hospital - day 151 two narrow , barely open slit of light . niki 's swollen eye - lid . niki 's Pov : barely make out marlene stand beside the senior burn specialist doctor . niki hear voice ... doctor it 's not the burn to he face that be the danger . it 's the burn to he lung . his blood oxygen level be currently ... nurse 6.8. doctor which be not enough to maintain life ... niki slip out of consciousness again . marlene be distraught , in tear . 152 omitted 152 153 omitted 153 79 154 television news - full-frame 154 tv news : give the latest information on niki 's condition . 155 int . james' apartment - london - night 155 jame sit watch the news on tv in he apartment , while feed he budgerigar , ( the collection have grow ) .. he feel terrible . he go to he desk , pull out paper and pen ... jame try to find the right word , try to write , try to put he feeling on paper , but word in general , and letter in particular have never be he thing ... jame scrunches up the piece of paper , throw it away . the budgerigar , sense he distress , flutter and peep .. 156 int . intensive care unit - day 156 niki 's p.o.v : feel someone touch he forehead and he hand with oil ... and the sound of a woman weep ... priest ... durch diese heilige salbung helfe dir der herr in seinem reichen erbarmen , er stehe dir bei mit der kraft des heiligen geist ... niki 's eye barely crack open , barely manage to focus to see a elderly priest be give he the last rite in german .. the sound of marlene cry somewhere in the room . priest Der herr der dich von sunden befreit , rette dich in seiner gnade richte er dich auf ... niki strain to move . a sense of excruciate pain . he fight to open he eye , give a indication ... any indication of the fact that he be hearing this , and be alive and able to fight for life ... but to no avail . the priest continue give last rite . marlene continue to cry . the priest touch niki 's shoulder ... niki ( V /o ) I be here ! can not you tell ? I be here ! ( continued ) 80 156 continued : 156 niki scream inside . wanting to be hear . wanting to give they a sign . he 's ok . he 's still there . but it 's no use . niki black out again . the pain be too great . fade to black : 157 int . corridor - hospital - day 157 sunrise : marlene have be sit in the hospital all night support by member of family and several friend . niki 's mother and father . clay regazzoni . presently : the door to the intensive care unit open and a doctor come out , beckone she ... doctor frau lauda ? bitte kommen sie ! he 's awake ! and just speak ! marlene scramble to she foot ... marlene what do he say ? doctor " tell the Priest to fuck off ! I be still alive !! " marlene cover she mouth , laugh nervously , already in tear . she and the doctor rush into the intensive care unit . 158 ext . intensive care unit - day 158 shoot through the window we see marlene approach niki 's bed . she see niki .. and gasp . try to control she expression . not give away to he how horrify she be . niki 's face : be grotesque . his head have swollen to double it 's size . the skin have burn off on he head , he eye . marlene bravely compose herself . then , without display the shock she feel - she go over and kiss he . 159 omitted 159 81 160 int . niki be hospital room / television coverage full frame - day 160 the starter 's flag drop . on television we see the austrian Grand prix start . niki watch the race on television , while beginning he rehab in bed , in pain as bandage be change .. on tv : jame narrowly miss out on a podium , but still gain on niki in he point total ... caption : " race 11 . hunt finishes 4th " 161 int . hospital - day - ( a week later ) 161 niki continue he rehab in the hospital , now out of bed ... on tv : the starter 's flag drop . another Grand prix start . this time at Zandvoort , in the Netherlands .. niki watch the race on television as doctor put a vacuuum pump into he lung . it 's agony . jame lead , drive the perfect race ... young german doctor we need to vacuum the lung . without this , they can not heal . but it will hurt . a unimaginably painful pump be force down he burn lung , to try to hoover out the impurity .. commentator on tv : talk about how hunt be catch up with lauda on point . it spur niki on , through gritt tooth . niki aaarrrggghhhh ... the chequere flag . jame cross the line in first position . caption : " race 12 . hunt win . " the doctor tell niki he 's have enough vacuum treatment . he 's have more than enough pain . but niki wave they aside ... niki again !! the doctor nod . the vacuum be turn on again . niki scream in agony . eye bulg . marlene and niki 's family can not bear to watch ... ( continued ) 82 161 continued : 161 he watch as on tv : jame be on the victory podium spraying champagne . 162 int . hospital - day 162 niki continue scream in pain , watch the canadian gp on tv as .. caption : " race 13 canadian grand prix . hunt win again " for the first time , jame have take the lead in point . niki stare at the tv : he expression change . 163 omitted 163 164 int . hospital - day 164 niki scream again . marlene , niki 's family and the doctor be deeply distress , cannot bring themselves to watch , as ... niki aaaaarrrrggghghhhhhh !! we widen to reveal what niki be do . what have cause this unbearable , bloodcurdle scream of agony .. niki I know what you be all think ... now we see . with great difficulty niki have put he racing helmet on for the first time . press into he open burn wound ... niki but if you love I - all of you - you will not say a word . he be almost unconscious with pain . his leg be weak . but he have do it ... 165 ext . italian grand prix - monza - 12 th sept 1976 - day 165 the italian Grand prix . television commentary set the scene . jame and the mclaren team arrive in the pit to see a vast commotion go on elsewhere ... jame what 's go on ? caldwell Jesus . it 's niki . ( continued ) 83 165 continued : 165 jame what about he ? caldwell he 's here ! he 's racing ! jame what ?? they say he be half - dead . jame stare . shaken . 166 ext . monza pitlane / ferrari pit - day 166 jame push through the pitlane , until he reach the crowded ferrari pit . he see a racer in the background . the name lauda on he overall ... jame niki ? niki turn round . jame set eye on he for the first time . jame reel , visibly horrify by he appearance . his bandage be blood stain . he have no hair . look grotesque .. niki see the horror in jame 's face . see the shock . the horror . and recognize in that moment , this be how it 's go to be - this be how people will respond to he - forever . niki wow . it 's that bad , huh ? jame open he mouth . tries to say something . niki in the hospital I tell they to tell I straight , no bullshit - how bad it would be . my appearance . they say with time it would be fine . but it will not . I can tell , see you reaction . I be go to spend the rest of my life with a face that frighten people . niki stare at jame , at he rival 's beauty , he blonde , tan perfection . his matinee idol , movie star look ... niki that 's a tough one to get use to . jame I write you a letter at the time . to apologize . ( a beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 84 166 continued : 166 jame ( contíd ) the driver 's meeting in Germany ? before the race ? I sway the room . niki yes . you do . jame that race should never have go ahead . niki no . jame so in some way ... I feel responsible for what happen . I be sorry . niki trust I , watch you win that point and all that race while I be in hospital fight for my life ... you be equally responsible for get I better . ouch . that could have be mean generously . but in this case it be not . it be a cold slap in the face . niki turn and go . 167 int . monza grand prix - PRESS conference - day 167 a pack press conference . the world 's media . niki 's accident and recovery ( as a story ) have reach way beyond f1 race fan . this be front page news around the globe .. niki walk out onto the podium - all eye stare at he - the sense of a ghoulish , voyeuristic freak show .... niki sit on the podium , in front of microphone , flanke on both side by ferrari driver and top brass . but no one want to talk to they . everyone 's here to talk to niki .. japanese journalist how be you feel , niki ? niki Fine . american journalist can you confirm for we exactly which procedure you have have ? and the expectation for you recovery ? ( continued ) 85 167 continued : 167 niki sure . I have a skin graft operation where they put half my right thigh in my face . it do not look too good but one unexpected advantage be it 's impossible to perspire through a skin graft , so sweat will never run in my eye again - which be good for a driver . laughter . at the back of the hall , jame hunt creep in , ( unseen by anyone , disguise in a hat ) , to listen . brazilian journalist when they hear about you condition , Ferrari immediately hire another driver , carlos reutemann . niki ja. before even my first operation . japanese journalist be he you replacement now ? niki no. just another team -mate . keen to make a impression . so let 's see where Mr. reutemann finish today . laughter . japanese journalist James hunt and mclare have catch up a lot while you be away . niki yes . ( a beat ) be there a question now ? or be you just try to piss I off ? laughter . japanese journalist you think you can still win ? niki of course . I have the better car . I be the better driver . but he 's a clever guy and have use the time well while I be lie half - dead in hospital to win some point .. laughter . ( continued ) 86 167 continued : ( 2 ) 167 british journalist what do you wife say when she see you face ? niki she say , " sweetie , you do not need a face to drive . only a right foot . " laughter . british journalist I be be serious . do you really think you marriage can survive ? with the way you look now ? silence . niki squint into the light .. niki and I be be serious , too . which asshole say this ? Jesus .. no one move . niki , disgust , rip off he microphone .. niki fuck you . Press conference over . niki walk out . the Press Conference break up ... jame see the reporter who ask the question , laugh with he friend . jame watch as the reporter leave ... 168 int . corridor outside PRESS conference - same time 168 jame go after the reporter , and call he .. jame hey ..! the reporter turn , recognize jame .. jame I have get something for you on that last question ... the british journalist smile , " great , thanks James ! " pull out a tape recorder . jame take he to one side , then ... " whack , whack , whack " - jame punch he light out , then take the tape recorder , stuff it into the journalist mouth . jame now go home to you wife and ask she how you look !! ( continued ) 87 168 continued : 168 " crash " a final , sicken blow split the reporter 's nose .. jame prick ! 169 ext . starting grid - monza - day 169 jame walk out to he car . tv crews . bank of photographer . commentator talk in different language . everyone talk about niki 's comeback . niki be in he car . the mechanic be talk to he in italian ... but niki hear nothing . he look at the steering wheel , the shell of the car , the gear stick . and then we see .. his hand be shaking violently . he 's utterly terrify . the light turn green . they be off ! other car ( include jame 's ) , roar forward . but niki be freeze . 170 ext . track - day 170 niki 's mind be a mess - terrify - he start slowly ... find he courage .. commentator point out it 's madness . it be clearly too soon . Ferrari be right to hire a replacement . niki be a wreck .. niki suffer terrible flashback from he accident ... niki shake himself out ... gradually building up speed - ignore the car overtake he all around he ... niki begin to accelerate . gently at first . then a bit more . trusting himself . gain confidence .. block out further flashback ... 170 aint . hospital - day 170 a watch niki from the hospital where he have he treatment be the doctor who treat he ... 88 170 bext . track - day 170 B commentator look up . notice niki 's slow increase in speed . what 's this ? maybe there 's life in he yet ... niki change gear smoothly . he begin to overtake . the old feeling come back .. 170 cext . paddock / pit - same time 170c marlene watch from the pit . can hardly bring herself to look ... 170dext . track - day 170d commentator begin to get excited . lauda have start to overtake the back -marker ... a incredible sequence . as niki gain more confidence , more speed , and begin to work he way through the field .. commentator now buzzing with excitement . this be incredible , as niki overtake first carlo reutemann , the driver hire to replace he , then other , work he way through the field ... 170 eint . james' car - same time 170e jame see niki come up behind he . can not believe he eye . jame move to block niki 's path ... niki attack fearlessly . despite terrible pain . niki move to overtake jame . utterly intimidate by niki 's bravery , jame panic , and lose control of the car . he spin out .. commentator can not believe they eye . hunt 's blow it ! lauda 's overtaken he ! it 's a miracle . it defy belief . as niki cross the line .... caption : " race 15 . niki 4th . jame retired . " 171 omitted 171 172 ext . monza - day 172 the italian crowd be ecstatic . delirious . niki be a national hero . lazarus back from the dead . superhuman . ( continued ) 89 172 continued : 172 tv commentary in different language elaborate on what a extraordinary , superhuman achievement they have just see ... caption : " lauda 68 point . hunt 65 point . " stirling moss what a race ! what a man ! what a season ! now it all boil down to the final race in Japan ! hunt walk past , stare at a triumphant niki . 172aint . hospital - same time 172a the doctor in the hospital shake he head , cannot believe what he have just witness ... 172bext . pit - same time 172b the Ferrari mechanic that have initially so dislike niki , be overwhelm by what he have achieve ... 172cext . track - day 172c a reluctant , modest niki carry on shoulder , surround by luca DI montezemolo , marlene and the PRESS ... CUT to : 173 ext . fuji speedway - japan - day 173 mount Fuji tower imperiously , dramatically above the japanese race track , dominate the skyline on a clear day .. Television camera and press photographer assemble at the race track for the biggest sport event of the year ... 174 int . james' HOTEL room - night 174 jame sit alone in he hotel suite . speak to a old , trust friend at the other end ... jame ( on phone ) the man be in a coma . his doctor pronounce he dead !! then he come back and do that ??? 90 174aint . bubble horsely home - morning 174a bubble horsley back at home in England . at a breakfast table .. bubble ( on phone ) what do you expect ? that niki would give you the championship lie down ? of course not . he 's a fighter . he 's go to come at you with everything he 's get . but you can do this . as a driver , you be he equal - better , maybe . and God know you be quick and brave enough . you just .. jame ( on phone ) what ? bubble ( on phone ) need to find the respect for yourself to close out when it really matter . you do not much like yourself , James - that 's the problem , therefore do not believe you deserve it . 174bint . james' HOTEL room - night 174b a knock at jame 's hotel room door .. jame I have get to go . jame hang up , and go to the door . he snap it open to reveal .. two gorgeous- look boac stewardess stand outside . smart blue blazer , short skirt , white glove , blue cap .. stewardess hi . we have come for the party ? jame what party ? stewardess the party we be tell be go on in room 2109 . sure enough : on jame 's door , the number 2109 . jame who send you here ? ( continued ) 91 174bcontinued : 174b stewardess a man . on the phone . he do not give he name . jame this man . do he speak with a accent ? stewardess yes. german accent . jame can not believe it . niki . jame I be afraid it be a joke .. stewardess ( like the look of jame ) awwww . pity . jame sorry , lady . any other time . not tonight . jame close the door . go back into he hotel room . then , after a moment ... he snap open the door . the stewardess be about to disappear into the elevator ... jame wait ..! 175 ext . tokyo skyline - dawn 175 the follow morning , day barely break . the sky be ominously dark over Tokyo . thick , black cloud . it 's raining heavily ... 176 int . niki be bedroom - HOTEL - day 176 niki wake up and look out of the window . see the heavy rain which be fall outside ... his expression change . 177 int . james' bedroom - HOTEL - day 177 jame wake up . flinch . jame look around , bleary - eye . hungover . he 's in a room that look like a bomb have hit it . ( continued ) 92 177 continued : 177 the two stewardess be still asleep in the bed beside he . uniform discard on the floor . memories be now flooding back . Jesus , what be he thinking ? jame leap out of bed . 178 int . niki be room - HOTEL - day 178 niki be be massage by willi dungl in he hotel room in preparation for the race . niki continue to stare out of the window . they speak in german . we see sub-titles .. niki can not see the mountain . dungl so ? niki the local here believe if you can see the mountain in the morning , it bring good luck . niki 's Pov : the view . nothing but mist , dark sky and rain . 179 omitted 179 180 ext . japanese grand prix - fuji speedway - 24th oct 1976 - day 180 Inside the race track : puddle everywhere . the rain continue to fall . the circuit be cover in water ... driver and the team arrive at the race track . jame and teddy mayer and alastair caldwell among they ... spectator be huddle under umbrella . tv crews struggle to keep expensive equipment dry ... a american voice come over the tannoy ... tannoy all driver to the control tower , please . immediately . jame look at caldwell ... 93 181 int . control tower - meeting room - day 181 a driver 's meeting have be call . all the driver be in a small room , argue and remonstrate with fia official and blazer - wear power that be ... a japanese official , ( akiyama ) , be try to keep the peace ... akiyama one at a time ! gentlemen , please ! local japanese driver be complain in japanese , ( we see sub-titles ) ... takahara you can not send we out in that ! it 's a death sentence ! hasemi you have to postpone the race ! 181aint . control tower - corridor outside - same time 181a jame , mayer and caldwell arrive in a corridor outside the meeting room ... mayer niki 's talk to they about cancelling the race . jame 's Pov : he can see niki , he wound horribly visible , remonstrate with the japanese official about the dangerous track condition ... jame turn to teddy and alastair ... jame I do not want any part of this . I be not go to be responsible for turn the room again . caldwell but you have no option . you have to race , James . it 's you only shot . if you do not , niki win .. jame I be not voting against niki again .... or force fellow driver to risk they life . sorry . World championship or not ... jame raise he hand and walk off . caldwell shout after he , " James , wait ..! " then mayer reassure caldwell ... ( continued ) 94 181acontinued : 181a mayer do not worry , this race be go ahead . the tv rights have be sell all around the world . mayer can see that a vote be take place in the room . many of the driver have they hand in the air , voting ... the japanese official be struggle to keep order in the room . mayer the driver can vote all they like . a round of applause in the room , as the driver vote to cancel the race . but unseen by the driver .. the fia official , tv network executive , and the blazer power that be be in dark , conspiratorial discussion .. ... make the decision that the race go ahead . 182 archive television footage 182 newscaster from all over the world , in several different language , announce that a decision have be make .. the japanese Grand prix be definitely go ahead . the driver have be call to the start grid ... 183 omitted 183 184 int . pit - various - day 184 in the pit alongside jame ... a series of shot of the other driver ... be send out like lamb to the slaughter ... visibly terrify , mouth prayer , smoking last cigarettes , meditate , crossing themselves , hand shaking .. among they the japanese driver . all laughter go now . realizing what they have get into . risking they life . finally we come to rest on niki . strangely calm . niki put on he balaclava over he still - raw wound , wince with pain as he put on he helmet .. 95 185 ext . japanese gp - starting grid - day 185 jame be piggy - back to he car by mechanic so he foot do not get soak in the water pool deep on the track . 186 ext . japanese gp - starting grid - day 186 jame lower himself into a car with puddle on the seat . he strap himself in . alistair caldwell approach with a power-drill . leans towards jame , with the scream drill ... caldwell keep still ... jame what be you do ??? ` ZZZZ " , " ZZZZ " , " ZZZZ " , caldwell drill hole in jame 's visor . caldwell to let the condensation out . jame but it will also let the water in . caldwell not if you be lead . caldwell stare at jame ... caldwell trust I . this race be all about the start . whoever 's in front will see everything . whoever 's second ... caldwell gesture , " nothing " .. caldwell good luck . they shake hand . jame start the engine with a roar . 187 ext . starting grid - day 187 niki 's engine reply with a loud roar . he look over at jame . jame turn to face niki .. all SOUND goe silent ... ... as jame and niki stare at one another . all around they , the world slow down . come to a standstill . ( continued ) 96 187 continued : 187 there eye meet ... a connection between they . unspoken realization of where they have both get to . what this moment mean . for they both .. it 's what they have be wait for . work towards . all this time . niki raise he hand . in a gesture only jame see . jame raise he in return . a private salute . chivalric . from a bygone era . and in that moment , enemy become brother . two man . risking they life . the ten second flag be raised .. the moment 's truce be break . they return to the task at hand . the flag drop . they 're off . 188 ext . race - japanese grand prix - day 188 hunt 's foot hit the floor . niki 's foot hit the floor ... jame get the better start . his car aquaplane like crazy , skate over the water , totally out of control ... 189 ext . fuji pit wall - day 189 caldwell and mayer watch from the pit wall ... caldwell hold onto it , James ..! 190 ext . race - japanese grand prix - day 190 miraculously jame steady the car ... the spray from he wheel create a curtain of mist . the other car be wrap inside it ... but jame have a clear view ahead . he slam he foot down .. commentator ( v/o ) it 's the perfect start for hunt ! 191 int . niki be car - same time 191 niki can see nothing . surrounded by spray , water , noise . ( continued ) 97 191 continued : 191 other car be spin all around he . it 's chaos . niki bravely accelerate into blindness ... commentator ( v/o ) but lauda 's car be right on he tail ! barely visible in the spray ..! 192 ext . race - japanese grand prix - day 192 jame go to a corner , then he car twitches , aquaplane again ... badly ... almost lose it completely ... commentator ( v/o ) hunt turn too tightly ! he almost lose he car right there ...! 193 int . easton neston - day 193 bubble horsley , alexander hesketh and a number of the character from the hesketh Racing day be all watch ... hesketh concentrate , superstar ! 194 int . james' car - day 194 jame struggle to hold onto he car . he steady it , maintain the lead . 194aint . niki be car - same time 194a jame 's spray make it impossible for niki to see . niki can not blink he eye ... it 's agony . half-blind , niki try to overtake . give it everything he 's get , break as late as he can , tear through the gear ... for niki the world fly past in a near-blind blur . the steering wheel shake . the car cannot be drive any harder . but the visibility be terrible . the spray tear into he scar eye . he be unable to see anything but ... marlene 's beautiful face : stare at he . smiling tenderly . kiss he tenderly . 195 omitted 195 196 omitted 196 98 197 ext . race track - japan - same time 197 jame continue to race flat out . engine scream . Foot to the floor . his car aquaplane again ... almost skid out ... 198 int . HOTEL - manhattan - same time 198 suzy hunt be watch on television as richard burton talk in the background on the telephone ... suzy ( urging he on ) come on , James ... 199 ext . pit - race track - japan - day 199 a sign be hold up as jame race . lap 39 . but there be problem with the car . one of the tyre ... caldwell God ! his front tyre ! look ! it 's completely fray ! caldwell and teddy mayer watch in horror from the pit and on tv . they can see the shaking car .. commentator hunt 's car have problem ... it 's shaking ... the englishman be definitely get slower ... 199aext . pit - race track - japan - day 199a alastair caldwell hold up a sign .... change tyre commentator ... with just a few lap to go , mclare be call for hunt to come into the pit to change tyre ... jame 's car roar past the pit , refuse to stop ... commentator but hunt be refuse ! simply ignore he team 's order ...! he 's make the calculation that he can still hold onto the lead ...! 99 199 bint . easton neston - same time 199b hesketh and bubble cover they eye . can not look ... bubble James !! what be you do ??? hesketh I can not bear it ! 199cint . james' car - japan grand prix - same time 199c suddenly , a Ferrari in jame 's wing mirror . unmistakably , even in the spray , he can see the distinctive red helmet ... it 's niki . jame 's blood run cold ... jame no ! no! no !!!! jame try to fend niki off . swerves this way and that . but he wounded car be now run at seventy per cent at best ... ... and disaster !!! niki overtake he ... jame scream in agony and frustration . he 's lose it ! and have no one to blame but himself ! his own arrogance . and stubbornness . niki 's overtaken he ! the chequere flag . jame roar past . have finish in third place . but that be no consolation . niki have beat he . as far as he 's concerned .. jame have lose . lose everything . 200 ext . pit - day 200 jame 's car arrive in the pit . in a fury . at himself . for refuse to listen . what a disgrace . what shame . what a fool . but he be engulf . jame get out of he car , raging ... jame I be sorry ! but teddy mayer be celebrate wildly . alastair caldwell , too . the world 's media descend on jame ... mayer sorry ?? what be you talk about ?? you do it ! ( continued ) 100 200 continued : 200 jame what ? mayer you won !! jame rubbish !! what about niki ?? he overtake I !! I see it !! a Ferrari with a red helmet .. mayer that be not niki . that be regazzoni . jame what ??? mayer niki withdraw . Said it be too dangerous , refuse to drive !! ( gesture ) you be Champion of the World , kiddo ! teddy mayer take jame 's number ` 11 ' from the side of he car , and tear it in two , leave number ` 1 ' . jame 's face : as he realize . then explode with happiness . 200 aint . easton neston - day 200 a hesketh and bubble cheer in celebration ... hesketh he do it ! he bloody well do it ! 200 bint . hospital - night 200 B a television play in the emergency Ward of the hospital . nursie catch sight of the victory , patient cheer and applaud ... nursie allow herself a smile . 200 cint . HOTEL - manhattan - same time 200c burton be at the door in tuxedo , wait to go . suzy , dress glamorously , smile . suzy well do , James .. then turn the tv off . and follow burton out . 101 200dext . japan grand prix - day 200d jame be embrace by caldwell and mayer . 201 ext . fuji paddock - helicopter - same time 201 across the race - track , the sound of helicopter blade turn . jame look over to see ... niki in the helicopter with marlene and a pilot . niki , now the ex - World Champion , look over to see a triumphant jame surround by press , mclare colleague , etc marlene be you ok ? niki turn , take marlene 's hand as he answer . niki Fine . it 's just one race . the helicopter lift into the air , and fly off ... 202 ext . paddock - same time 202 jame watch as the helicopter carry niki fly away , then turn to see ... ... the world 's press begin to descend on he , and the biggest party of jame hunt 's life be about to begin .. in the background , the two japanese driver be give interview again . they do not just survive , masahiro hasemi get the fastest lap of the race , and noritake takahara come 9th ... and at that moment , magically , the sun break through , and the snowy peak of mount Fuji be finally reveal . 203 a quickfire montage 203 of newspaper headline , television talk show , lucrative endorsement , tv commercial , sponsorship , public billboard . jame 's world championship victory have make he a rich man . his movie star look make he a international STAR and marketing man 's dream . Girls , more girl , and even more girl . ( continued ) 102 203 continued : 203 jame , dash in a white suit , play trumpet on the UK 's most famous talk show ... fade to black : 204 ext . runway - day 204 we be on the runway of a airport in Northern Italy . caption : " three month later " a stretch limousine pull up on the tarmac . a still - drunk jame hunt and several good - look women , rowdy friend ( and hanger - on ) spill out of the limo ... they cross the tarmac towards they wait private jet , pass other jet , when jame stop . he 's see something that have catch he eye . jame send he friend on ahead to they wait jet , and walk over to a small private jet , ( a learjet 35 ) ... jame I hear you be spend more and more time in one of this ... a hunch pilot do final check . the figure turn . it 's niki . his wound have heal a little , but it 's still a painful sight ... niki do you fly ? jame no . niki you should try it . if something go wrong up there , you be on the edge , but have to stay within the rule . stick to regulation . suppress the ego . it 's good discipline for the racing . jame and there I be think you be about to wax lyrical about the romance of flight . I should have know better . niki what bring you here ? ( continued ) 103 204 continued : 204 jame indicate he rowdy , cool - look friend .. jame a friend 's wedding . at least I think it be a wedding . might have be a birthday . all a bit of a blur . how about you ? be at fiorano ? niki pre-season testing . jame already ? in February ? you be relentless . niki thank you . jame I be not sure I mean it as a compliment . niki but it be one . relentlessness be good . means you be a fighter . that you never give up . behind my back I know some of you guy call I ` the Rat . ' because I look like one . it 's mean as a insult . but I do not mind it . rat be ugly , sure . and no one like they . but they be intelligent . with a strong survival instinct . jame can not help smile . that 's niki . niki so when do you start testing ? next week ? jame be you mad ? I do not just win the biggest thing of my life so I could get right back to work . niki why ? you need to . to prove to all the people who will always say you only win it because ... jame because what ...? because of you accident ? be that other people , niki ? or you ? I win . on the all important day when it come down to it , we race on equal term in equally good car . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 204 continued : ( 2 ) 204 jame ( contíd ) you bottled and I have the gut to see it through . niki it 's true . you win that race . and believe I if I have to lose that title to anyone , I be happy it be you . but that do not change the fact you have to win again . jame why ? niki because that 's what it mean to be a winner , no ? it 's a permanent condition . never stop or go away . it stay with you always . jame that 's win ? sound like lose to I . some of life need to be for pleasure , niki . what 's the use of have a million cup and medal if you never have any fun ? how be that win ? the plane load of jame 's friend call out ... " c'mon , James ! " niki you be right . I could learn from you . in hospital the toughest part of my treatment be the vacuum . pump the shit out of my lung . it be agony . while do it , I be watch television ... you win all that race ... and I be cursing you .. " that bastard , hunt " , I would shout , " I hate that guy . " one day the doctor say , " Mr. lauda , may I offer one piece of advice ? stop think of it as a curse to have be give a enemy in life . it can be a bless , too . " I say , " who be you , confucius ? " he say , " a wise man get more from he enemy than a fool from he friend . " and you know , he 's right . look at we . we be a pair of kid when we first meet . hothead jerk in formula 3 . headed nowhere . now we be both champion of the world . not bad . jame no , not bad . ( continued ) 105 204 continued : ( 3 ) 204 niki so do not let I down now . I need you busting my ball . get back to work . jame I will , niki . but I intend to enjoy myself first . and so should you . you think you can ? niki stare . a blank look .. jame see you on race day , champ . niki you will . champ . jame go . niki watch he , pull into he plane by he laugh , cool friend . a unmistakable flicker of envy in he eye . then niki turn , alone , and resume he safety check . 205 ext . runway - airfield - day 205 jame 's plane roar down the runway and take off into the azure blue sky ... fade to black : caption : " jame return the following season , but be never a challenger again . he retired in 1979 . after short career in broadcasting and budgie breeding he died of a heart attack . aged 45 . " caption : " niki lauda went on to become world champion in 1977 . and again in 1984 . he now run a successful commercial airline . he still claim to have no friend . " the end