rushlight @draft : 03/18/2008 registered wgaw crosstown film 310 395 2530 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library fade in : ext . STREET - downtown los angele , day a hot summer day in downtown LA . the street be crowded with traffic , dubious street vendor and preacher loudly proclaim the apocalypse . the mostly Hispanic crowd mix with tourist , who stare at this unfamiliar spectacle . billy brody , early twenty , a street - smart hustler , attempt to cross the street . billy 's basically a nice guy , despite have walk down some mean street . int . stanley' kitchen , day the place , a true '' hole in the wall '' have not see a new piece of furniture since the day it open . the big blue '' C '' for cleanliness prominently display , fit . a few local contemplate they life over coffee as the air-condition hum away . billy slide onto a stool at the counter . the waitress , sarah , a beautiful young woman in she late teens , come out of the kitchen carry plate of food . Sarah smile at a older man sit at the end of the counter while slide a plate in front of he , then swerve to deposit the other . she glide toward billy . the two know each other . there be a obvious attraction . sarah hi . what can I get you ? billy stare and smile as Sarah . billy well , I be think about the ... Sarah start write . sarah ... Turkey -sandwich ? she wink at he . billy 's delighted she know it by heart . sarah ( cont 'd ) just guess . Sarah stick the order on the ticket spindle behind she and move to a soda dispenser , fill a glass and put it in front of billy . sarah ( cont 'd ) diet coke ? billy that 's right . how 's everything ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library sarah just another slow day . anything else I can get you ? billy hesitates . something be on he mind . billy no , not really . thanks . Sarah be about to walk away . he call to she . billy ( cont 'd ) I be wonder ... sarah yes ? there be a awkward pause . then : billy it 's be week now , I show up here , eat my turkey sandwich ... sarah yeah ? billy I be think : what if I show up here like tomorrow and you be no longer here ? sarah I guess I be somewhere else . my day off . like I should be so lucky . billy I do not mean that . sarah why would not I be here ? billy you could like decide to get another job , or somebody get sick at home and you would have to leave . anything can happen , you know . sarah well , I be not plan to spend the rest of my life in this place . billy you see ? that 's my point . suppose you leave with I never find out you favorite ice cream , you favorite movie , if you like pizza over hamburger -.. stuff like that ...or -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library sarah -- I prefer burger to pizza , my favorite movie 's fight Club , and my favorite ice cream 's pistachio - - billy you wanna go out with I sometime ? I get dodger 's ticket this Saturday . wanna go ? Sarah be charme . billy smile . sarah let I think about it . billy I know it . you do not like baseball . voice ( 0.s8 . ) Sarah ! Sarah turn and see she boss , a heavy - set man in he fifty , waive he finger toward she . sarah I gotta go . billy , disappointed , look on as Sarah disappear into the kitchen . he peek into the kitchen , catch glimpsis of Sarah , as she argue with she boss . billy sigh . bad timing . he leave a ten-dollar note on the counter , then stroll past a sign say '' thank you , have a nice day '' . int . parking -structure - top floor , day billy exit the elevator of a parking - structure with he cell phone press to he ear while walk along row of park car toward a beat - up , sixty , yellow convertible . billy it 's billy . billy keep stanley 's Kitchen on the opposite side of the street , in view . he spot Sarah , still in she waitress uniform , exite stanley 's Kitchen . she pull out a cigarette and light up . billy ( cont ’d ) gotta call you back . man' voice ( v.0 . ) what the for ...?!! billy start rush toward the staircase as he flip he phone close . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ext . STREET , day aggravate and confuse , Sarah be pace in front of stanley 's . billy approach without she notice . billy hey ! Sarah turn , surprised . sarah oh , hi . billy I see you come out . ( beat ) we never finish we conversation about -- he see there 's something the matter . billy ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? sarah you must be a psychic . remember you say what if you come by tomorrow and I would not be here . well , guess what ? stanley 's be close . I be out of a job . they stare at each other . billy I do not know what to say . I be really sorry . hey , it might be a bless in disguise . maybe better thing be wait to happen for you . sarah I sure hope so . I get bill and rent due . billy be there anything I can do ? the front door of stanley 's open . Sarah 's boss call . owner Sarah , you wanna finish you shift ? sarah I be come . her boss 's face disappear as quickly as it pop up . sarah ( cont 'd ) anyway , not a good day . Sarah turn to leave . billy call out again . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library billy why do not I give you my number . you know , just in case , you feel like call . sarah ook . billy quickly pull out a old receipt , but struggle to find a pen . Sarah chuckle , then pull out she pen . billy thanks . he scribbles down he name and number , hand the paper back to she . Sarah look at it , brighten . sarah funny . I do not even know you name . billy . I like it . she turn to leave . he call out to she . billy you pen ! smiling , she spin around , pick she pen from he finger . spark be fly . sarah thanks . see ya later , billy . billy watch Sarah slip inside , a big smile on he face . int . billy 's motel room , night a dark , cheap bedroom . billy be asleep in he clothes . the telephone ring persistently . billy , sleepily , reach out to the phone on he night table . billy yeah ? hello ? a look of alarm come over he . billy ( cont ’d ) sit tight . I be on my way . he fall out of the bed , fumble for car key , throw on a jacket and exit the room . it sit empty for a few second before the phone start to ring again , insistent and ominous . ext . street , night Dark and empty , barely illuminate , ignore neighborhood . cu : spinning wheel of billy 's convertible , top close . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library billy steer the car over the rough pavement , old train track of downtown LA . a occasional neon flash by . he squeeze the steering - wheel and keep flooring the pedal as the old v8 roar at hair-raise speed . ext . sarah 's apartment build - east LA , night the convertible come to a screeching halt in front of a old apartment building . billy jump out of the car , quickly make he way through the front door of the dilapidate building . int . hallway - apartment -building , night billy run up the staircase face a gloomy , long hallway . he walk down the corridor , check for the right apartment . from a apartment door at the far end of the hallway , a dark figure watch billy who momentarily sense it : he quickly turn and peek down the corridor : nothing . puzzle he move on . suddenly , a loud bang as a door be slam shut . billy whirl around . again . nothing . billy find he way to the correct apartment . he take a breath , knock . billy Sarah ? it 's I , billy . open up ! no answer . he turn the knob . int . apartment , night a true dump : dim light , trash everywhere , cheap furniture . dirty , yellow wall show crack , dubious spill . drug paraphernalia spread out on a coffee table . the twisted and lifeless body of a girl be spread out on a nearby sofa . as billy slowly enter he freeze at the sight of the dead girl , syringe still stick in she arm . his face drop as he move closer toward the dead girl : Sarah . billy ( a horrify whisper ) shit! Sarah ! suddenly billy 's jolted by the sound of a faint sob . he turn and recognize a familiar silhouette which give hima moment 's relief : it 's Sarah . the resemblance between the dead girl and she be strike . billy ( cont 'd ) Sarah ... what be go on here ? Sarah be tear-stain , traumatize . sarah ellen , she ... i... i...could not .. she -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library billy Jesus Christ , Sarah . suddenly , police - siren can be hear in the distance . billy grab Sarah by the arm . billy ( cont ’d ) C ’mon grab you stuff ... now ! a series of jump cut billy help Sarah dress / billy stuff clothing and other random belonging into a old duffel - bag / Sarah rapidly stuff picture , mail , a few stray folder in a garbage bag . billy 's take a last look at the corpse as the two make a rapid exit . int . coffee shop / truckstop - outskirt LA , dawn customer sit at the counter of a retro-style coffeeshop . billy sip a soda in a secluded booth towards the back . returning from the bathroom , Sarah slide into the booth . she be red-ey from hard cry and still daze . billy you be ok ? have some coffee , a muffin . you 'il feel better . he point to the coffee and a English muffin in front of she . Sarah glance at billy nervously . sarah I suppose I owe you a explanation . it 's fuck up ... how life can turn on you so god damn quick . just yesterday I be full of hope , thing be change for the better . finally . next thing I know I be out of a job , hour later I find my best friend with a needle in she arm . Dead . for a moment , it look like she 's go to lose it . billy take it easy . sarah the girl ...is...was ... ellen . my roommate . billy nod , try not to pressure she . sarah ( cont 'd ) well , you have figure out by now I be not this sweet , innocent girl you probably might have think I be ... a couple of moment pass . Sarah remove she jacket and stretch out she bare arm . she turn both she arm , revealing numerous scar . needle mark . healed up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library sarah ( cont 'd ) that 's the past . I do not do that anymore . billy okay . quietly , she continue . sarah a few month ago , ellen say she would have enough of all this drug bullshit . she want to go back to school . so , she decide we should both check into rehab . she 's on the phone for day till she manage to find a place that take we . she even pay for it . so , we get really stone and we go to this clinic . except when I wake up , she be go . I stay . billy what happen to she ? sarah they wake she in the middle of the night . her parent have die in a car crash the day before we check in . billy wow . that 's really fuck up . ( pause ) what about tonight ? sarah we get into a fight because I ask she not to get load around I . I tell she I be try to stay clean and see she get high do not make it any easier . I do not think any of it register , y’know ? couple of hour later I hear she fight with the guy from next door , she dealer . we dealer . at some point I fall asleep . Sarah wince at the memory , start to tremble . sarah ( cont 'd ) and then I just wake up , for no reason , y'know , how that happen sometimes ? and I see she on the couch sleep ... only she be not make noise , like she 's breathe ... she start to sob quietly , again . she put she forehead between she hand . billy gently touch she wrist . sarah ( cont 'd ) if only I have just go next door and tell that prick to leave we alone ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library billy thing be , if it would not have be that dealer , she have have get she dope someplace else . if this do not happen last night maybe it would have happen today . some people just have a short ticket on this planet . there 's no rhyme or reason for it . it just be . Sarah stare at billy . she pull out a cigarette , nervously play with it . then : sarah what be I do lay all this shit on you . we do not even know each other . billy we sort of do now , do not you think ? Sarah sigh , glance far away . sarah I should go to the police . billy why ? wo not make any difference now . it 's nobody 's fault . sarah what be I go to do ? I do not even know where I be go to stay . billy how about you folk ? where 's home ? sarah Wisconsin ? no thanks . not interested . billy you can stay with I if you like . int . motel room , night the door open with billy and Sarah lock lip ina passionate kiss . billy kick the door shut ... later Sarah and billy be make love face to face . int . motel room , day it 's the next morning . cu : shower head . Water pour down on Sarah 's face . CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 . ext . motel room , day lean against the railing of the second floor , billy , cell phone to he ear , overlook the old swim pool of the fifty plus room motel . in jeans and T-shirt , Sarah step through the open door . billy turn , close up he cell phone . billy good morning . sarah look . thanks for get I out of there last night . that be really cool , but I totally do not want to take advantage of you . I should probably go and sort out my own problem ... billy interrupt gently . billy +.. you can stay as long as you like . she study he for a beat . give a search look . sarah you do not think I be trash ? billy ( shrug , shake he head ) I do not . everybody 's get a story , a bad thing that happen . my theory on life be ' what happen , happen 's . it 's what you do here and now and tomorrow that count . Sarah permit herself a smile . sarah okay then Mr. Glass half full . how about you ? like I know nothing about you . why be you live in a motel ? billy ahh , it 's temporary . I be wait for my brother to come back from overseas . he 's set up shop in LA , pend how it go with he supplier . want I as he right -hand man . sarah what kind of business ? billy import - export . that kind of thing . Sarah smile . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11. sarah well , I know you be from Vegas , you Mom own a wedding chapel .... you tell I that the first time you be at stanley 's . billy you know more about I than most . Sarah get a far-away rueful look in she eye . sarah I have not be to a ball park since I be five . that would have be really nice . billy move in and gently kiss Sarah . billy so , you do like baseball after all . sarah I love it . later billy , spread out on the king size bed , watch baseball on tv , while Sarah rummages through she duffel - bag . however , instead of sock she pull out several envelope . sarah this be not my stuff . perplex , she drop into a nearby chair , pull out a letter from a already open envelope . sarah ( cont 'd ) I get some of ellen 's mail by mistake . Sarah start read out loud . sarah ( cont 'd ) Law office of cameron brogden , State of Alabama . January 15th ... dear ellen . as you late uncle 's friend and attorney , you uncle have bequeath he entire estate to you , he favorite nice and the only live relative ... I do not even know she have a uncle ... billy look up , look at Sarah . sarah ( cont 'd ) --. however , please be inform that under Alabama law I have file in probate court ... you know what this be ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12. she throw the letter onto the bed . billy pick up the piece of paper and continue read the text . billy ( read out loud ) +... please be inform that under Alabama law I have file in probate court ... a process that might take up to ninety day . if you have any question please contact I at you convenience , sign cameron brogden , attorney at law ... maybe we should contact this lawyer . what else in the bag ? once again Sarah dig through the bag 's content . suddenly , she hold up a wallet . billy move closer . billy ( cont ’d ) what be it ? sarah it 's ellen 's wallet . billy get up from the bed , step close to Sarah . billy I know , its none of my business , but I just want to see something . Sarah hand billy the wallet . cu : driver licence , display ellen 's picture . billy look up at Sarah . as we have see earlier , the resemblance between Sarah and ellen be prominent . billy ( cont 'd ) unbelievable . Sarah glance at billy , uncertain . sarah what ? billy I get a idea . it just might work ... ext . highway entrance , day the convertible enter interstate 10 , go east . upbeat music carry we through a montage of the journey . ext . grand canyon , day the young couple lean on the convertible stare at the vastness . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13. sarah beautiful . billy beautiful but terrifying . she look at he incredulous . sarah why terrifying ? billy anything that awesome make I know for sure I be gonna die . int . car , night its late . Sarah be asleep . billy can barely keep he eye open . he reach towards the dashboard , start play with the dial of the radio . he tune into a old smash pumpking song , hum along . billy .--- shakedown 1979 , cool kid never have the time - on a live wire right up off the street - you and I should meet ... Sarah open she eye , look over toward billy , smile . she start to recall the song as well . tranquil , she sing along . sarah & billy ... dunebug skip like a stone - with the headlight point at the dawn - we be sure we have never see a en to it all - and I do not even care ... faster than the speed of sound ... ext . highway , early morning Sarah and billy be eat ear of corn from a road side stand as they get into the car and zoom back on the road . a dark figure in a baseball hat and sunglass be park by the side of the road nearby . he watch and then pull out resume he pursuit of the old convertible . end montage ext . highway , day the familiar yellow convertible be cruise along a highway . a large sign indicate that billy 's and Sarah 's journey have take they south , as they cross the state- line into Alabama . ext . road , day the car come to a stop at a small intersection . Sarah , engross in a local map , look up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14. a oppressive sun beat down on the green landscape . there be a large billboard which read : tremo - we 're friendly folk . a dirt road extend toward the right . Sarah point . sarah this way . billy turn the wheel and onto a dirt road they go . ext . nile estate , day the car approach a huge five - bedroom plantation - style mansion build in the civil - war year . the grounds be surround by large weep willow and dense wood . billy and Sarah climb out of the convertible and stare at in awe at the estate of zachary nile iv . once impressive the mansion be old and wear , the paint completely go . they walk toward the large front door . ext . front porch , day billy move to the leave of the porch and start search the top edge of the molding , frame two large window . no luck . billy I think I have try . suddenly , a key drop onto the wooden porch . puzzle , Sarah and billy look at each other . cu : billy insert the key into the lock . the heavy door slowly open . a moment pass . sarah ( under she breath ) I do not know ... creepy shit . billy hum '' do - do , do=do , '' the rhythmic twilight zone theme . Sarah nervously laugh at he teasing . like hansel and gretel the fairy tale , billy and Sarah enter as bright sunlight flood the hallway . ext . tremo , alabama - population 2003 , day . a quiet and lazy day . the dark figure tailing billy and Sarah lean against a store window . a light blue EL camino stop across the street . a local man and he teenage son get out and disappear into a hardware store . the dark figure quickly cross the street , peak inside the El camino . the key swing free in the ignition . the man jump into the car and speed away . second later , the truck 's owner come run out of the hardware store and dash into the street as the El camino drive past . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 . int . nile mansion - live - room , day the interior of the mansion match its outside . everything be on a large scale , dwarf inhabitant as well as visitor . Inside the larger than life live room we see billy , entrench in a leather couch surround by numerous hunt - trophy , stuff exotic animal head , which be display on the tall wall . even though it 's morning and all window be wide open , the constant humidity be unfamiliar , unbearable to billy . he appear anxious . billy Sarah ! int . nile mansion - kitchen , day Sarah be busy prepare a pitcher of lemonade . we notice a few grocery bag sit on the counter , indicate that several day have past since the young couple 's arrival . ext . road the EL camino speed down the road . the dark figure drive be edward romero , a tough look man in he early forty with plenty of tattoo on he arm . a pistol with a two inch custom silencer attach , slide about the passenger seat . int . nile mansion - live - room , day Sarah , wear a sexy summer dress , stroll into the live - room , carry two glass of lemonade . billy thanks . man , this heat . billy sit up , sip the lemonade appreciatively . billy ( cont ’d ) let go over it one more time . sarah again ? billy the lawyer will be here at noon tomorrow . we gotta be on the same page or they be not go to buy it . you get to know this stuff cold . ext . nile mansion - dirt road , day the El camino come over a rise and speed toward the house . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16. int . nile mansion - live - room , day sarah my name be ellen nile . I be bear on February seventh , 1986 , that make I 21 year old . I visit my late , uncle Zachary , once , almost fifteen year ago . I do not really remember much because I be really young . billy why do nile leave all he cash to ellen - to you ? sarah he never have any child of he own . besides my parent , who pass away recently , I be he only live relative . billy fire off the next question : billy how do nile get so rich ? sarah my grandfather be a hot -shot lawyer and developer in pasadena . billy very good . Sarah 's attention be catch by a large antique rifle above the fireplace . sarah look at this thing . she lift the rifle from the wall . the weapon be a several pound too heavy for she , the long double barrel swing up and down . billy nervously watch . Sarah smile . ext . nile mansion - dirt road , day Edward steer with one hand check the pistol with the other . int . nile mansion - live - room , day sarah sure be heavy . feel like lead . I wonder what he use it for ? billy it 's a hunt rifle . be careful ... intrigue , Sarah continue to examine the weapon . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17. billy ( cont ’d ) would you put that gun down ? ext . nile mansion - driveway , day Edward pull behind some bush a little way from the house . shove the pistol into he pants he get out of the car and cautiously approach the house . int . nile mansion - live room , day the long barrel of the gun keep swinging , point in billy 's direction . billy get up and move toward Sarah , attempt to push the rifle out of the way . billy put it away now . please . Sarah , rifle in hand , walk up to billy and kiss he softly . sarah this old thing could not hurt a fly if it want to . she smile seductively , step backwards . billy grab for the rifle , but latch onto the tip of the barrel instead . Sarah laugh , then , suddenly , she trip and fall backwards . he fall on top of she . a playful mock fight break out between the two . Sarah push billy with one hand , rifle in the other . he lean in , kiss she . Sarah , still hold the rifle in one hand , move forward and put a arm around billy . she carelessly throw the rifle away from she , onto the floor . as it hit the wooden plank : boom ! the hunt rifle go off , blast out a front window . there 's a definite thump , as somebody hit the porch outside . puzzle billy and Sarah look at each other . billy , Sarah jump up from the floor . sarah ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! billy put he index finger over he mouth , indicate to Sarah to be quiet . he stealthily head out toward the porch . ext . nile mansion - porch , day billy open the front door and look out . nobody . he see a small pool of blood in the dirt . billy look down : the pistol . Sarah move up behind he , scared . sarah maybe it be a ... animal or something . billy I do not think so . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18. billy hold up the gun and give she a irritate look . sarah look ! Sarah point to the end of the driveway . the tail - end of the el-camino be stick out from behind the bush . billy stay here . billy cautiously walk toward the car . int . EL camino , day billy look inside the truck . he open the glove compartment and pull out a registration . ext . nile mansion - porch , day billy walk back towards Sarah read from the piece of paper . billy car be register to a sal marinaro . right here in town . sarah I be freaking out , billy . let 's go inside . Sarah turn to go inside the house . billy remain stand . billy you go ahead , I be gonna look around . take the gun , just in case . the safety be off , be careful . all you do be point and pull the trigger . reluctantly Sarah take it . her hand be shaking . billy ( cont ’d ) easy , easy . listen , it be probably a accident . sarah I be sorry about I play with that old rifle . that be really stupid . billy do not worry about it . both be on edge . as billy turn to leave , Sarah anxiously smile . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . ext . highway , night Edward be staggering along the shoulder of a highway . pale and exhaust , he be cover he blood - drench abdomen with he bare hand . a truck approach , its bright headlight depict Edward in a grotesque and horrifying way . as the truck speed closer , Edward move off the shoulder and hide below the highway . we follow the pass truck as a bright blue neon-sign , indicate a small motel , emerge . int . nile mansion , night a fan whirl overhead . the front door open , billy enter . Sarah be sit on the couch , the gun place in front of she . she get up , embrace he . sarah thank God , you be back . I be worried . billy I look everywhere . there 's nothing but wood for mile . whoever it be ... disappear . billy pick up the pistol , cross the room and place it into a drawer of a nearby bureau . he slide down next to Sarah , put he head into she lap and sighing with exhaustion . billy ( cont ’d ) ( pause ) you do not tell anyone about we come here , do you ? sarah be you nut ? I can not believe this . billy I be sorry , I be only ask . ( pause ) wanna know what I think ? I think some curious hillbilly stick he nose into the wrong place at the wrong time , get some buckshot he ass and hightaile out of here . I honestly do not think there be more to it . sarah what about the car ? somebody will be look for it . billy I 'il make sure nobody 's 1l find it . billy gently pull Sarah closer . ext . motel parking - lot , night a elderly couple leave one of the room . Edward watch they as the senior go about they evening . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 . int . motel room , night dim light shine through the close blind . we hear noise . somebody be mess with the door-lock . moment later Edward enter the room , shut the door behind he , flip on the light , then quickly cross towards the bathroom . int . bathroom , night cu : a pair of tweezer pull out piece of lead from a bloody wound . Edward sit on a toilet , perform surgery on himself . bite on a bloody towel , he suppress he painful agony . ext . tremo - STREET , night tremo look like a ghost town . a police car be park outside a convenience store . int . sal' convenience store , night sheriff ROBERT brogden , jr. take a report from sal marinaro , a heavy set man in he early sixty , owner of the steal El camino . in the background be the sheriff 's young deputy , earl , twenty - something and skinny as a rail . Earl be a lot shrewder than he look . sheriff Robert , early fifty , be often fumble , a bit hot - tempere , yet , there be a innocent , almost naive core to he . sal I see he , Bob . musta be a city hoodlum , ' cause he get in there and get that son of a bitch hot wire in less than two second . sheriff ROBERT ( take note ) ' 67 El camino , light blue . license plate 228 zyx ? sal that 's correct . sheriff ROBERT and you could identify he if you see he again ? sal sure as the sun beatin ' down on this place tomorrow will heat it to a hundred and ten . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21. sheriff ROBERT I be gonna call in a sketch artist . I know every badge for five county so there be not no way this guy get away without I hearing about it . we ’1ll get you truck back , do not you worry sal . int . nile mansion - bedroom , night Sarah and billy be in the midst of make love . Sarah 's mind be somewhere else . breathless , she push billy to the side . billy what 's the matter ? sarah I be sorry ... its just ... what about the gun ? it have one of that thing on top of it . billy a silencer . sarah only a killer would use something like that . some kind of assassin . billy laugh , shake he head . billy assassin ? that silencer be a poorly make homegrown device . please . trust I , Sarah . chance be we be talk about some local cracker Joe . nobody know we be here and before you know it we will be long go and not a one ' 11 know what hit ‘em ... Sarah remain silent . billy ( cont ’d ) let check this place out . int . nile mansion / cellar , day billy hold a flashlight as he pries the cellar door open . after several attempt it open . cautiously billy descend . the space be cluttere with junk . he reach out and dust off a cast iron sculpture of a stork . one knee be break but it still stand , almost three foot high . he turn to leave , but a large frame painting catch he attention . it 's a African hunt scene . several dozen book fall to the ground as billy remove a couple of old suitcase block the view . int . nile mansion - nile 's bedroom , night the door open . Light pour in from the hallway as Sarah enter . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22. next to a large book case be nile ' king -size bed , a bureau and desk . she flip on the light take it all in . on the bureau be a beat up old record player , a stack of old record next to it . moment later classical music fill the room . Sarah sit down at the desk , start rummage through nile ' elaborate wooden letter box . Dust fly everywhere . she cough and fan the air with she hand , as she open one of its drawer and pull out several letter . int . nile mansion - live room , night billy set the large painting on top of the fireplace mantel , cover the shotgun . he stare at the painting for a moment , then exit . int . nile mansion - bedroom , night Sarah sit at the desk , read . billy ( 0.s. ) Sarah ? sarah I be in here . billy enter the bedroom and lean over Sarah 's shoulder . billy what be it ? sarah they be letter ... love letter from a woman . very romantic . billy great ... I find a painting , might be worth something . Sarah keep read . sarah they have a child . billy a child ? sarah but she be marry and ... and she know it 's he but she can not tell anyone . billy great . last thing we need be somebody think they can get in on the money . sarah this jerk do not want to acknowledge he own kid . listen to this ... ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 . sarah ( cont 'd ) " I know in my heart that this child be ours , no matter what you say , consummate in a moment that 's special to I I beg you to acknowledge you son who , in you heart , you must know , be yours " . I guess , she really love he . billy maybe it be not he . sarah it be he . " and the most painful of all be the rejection of you love for I and for we baby ... " Sarah look curiously at billy . the record come to a end and the needle crackle as it quit play . int . nile mansion - bathroom , day billy finish shave , as Sarah enter the bathroom and hand billy several sheet fill with the word " ellen nile . billy 's study the signature . billy I do not think I could have do much better . Sarah smile . suddenly , the doorbell ring . billy and Sarah look at each other . Sarah check she watch . sarah twelve noon on the nose . talk about punctual . ext . nile mansion - porch , day cameron brogden be wait on the porch . he 's tall , very confident , strikingly good look and well dress . he check he watch . the front door open and billy appear in the doorway . cameron how do you do ? you must be ... billy ...- billy . ellen 's friend . cameron extend he hand to billy . cameron cameron brogden . it 's good to meet you . cameron smile sincerely . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24. int . nile mansion - dine room , day Sarah , wear she jacket , billy and cameron sit at a huge mahogany dining table . paper and document be spread out all over the table . cameron hand Sarah a piece of paper . cameron you need to sign right there ... but first I ’‘1l need to see some picture id : birth - certificate , passport , something like that . it 's just a formality . Sarah produce ellen 's driver licence , hand it to cameron , then , calm and collect , take the paper and whip off a " ellen nile " . cameron look at the licence , appear satisfied . a slight smile cross billy 's face . cameron ( cont 'd ) ellen , I just want to express my deep condolence . you uncle have mention you parent 's terrible tragedy just day before the lord take he as well . May they soul rest in peace . sarah thank you . cameron pick up a picture of a young ellen and she " uncle nile . " the young ellen have dark hair like Sarah . cameron if you do not mind I ask , when be the last time you see you uncle ? sarah Fifteen year ago , but you know ... I be so young . I do not remember much . cameron nod . although Sarah 's response be correct , it come across a touch too prompt . cameron when do you last talk to he ? Sarah quickly glance at billy , he do not know either . Sarah pretend to be in think , try to remember . sarah last time I talk to he ?... I be not really sure . cameron if my memory serve I correctly , he mention a telephone conversation with you , about a month ago ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 . sarah ( thoughtful ) yeah , that 's sound right ... about a month ago . around the time my parent die . satisfied , cameron nod , set the picture back down . Sarah wipe off the perspiration from she forehead . billy notice . billy let I get you a glass of water . billy get up and disappear into the kitchen . cameron I apologize . I hope I be not upsetting you any further . sarah I be ok . thanks . billy return with a glass of water . Sarah sip away . cameron come on , let I show you around the property . Sarah can not help herself : sarah I have a ... a question . cameron of course ? sarah how much ... what kind of inheritance , money be we talk about ? I be totally clueless . billy stare at Sarah . the question hang in the air . cameron I be not exactly sure . i’1l forward you a complete list of asset , once I be do with the assessment , but let 's just say , for now , you uncle be a prominent man . we be talk , maybe middle seven figure range . ext . southern landscape , day the sun beat down , as cameron 's 4x4 drive along a riverbed . int . cameron' 4x4 , day cameron drive , Sarah be in the passenger seat . billy lean forward from the back . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26. cameron the river mark the edge of the land . cameron stop the car . ext . southern landscape , day cameron , Sarah , and billy exit the truck and start walk up a steep hill . the wind be fierce . Sarah try to keep she hat and dress from be blow off . cameron at the top you will have a good look at the place . at the top of the hill billy , Sarah and cameron overlook the river . Woods and swamp in all direction . some agricultural field in between . cameron ( point ) right along there , that 's the border . not that anyone would ever dispute it . back toward the mansion at the edge of a field , a tractor lie on its side . Sarah spot it . sarah what 's the turn over tractor do there ? cameron -.. that I be afraid be where you uncle die . he pass out from the heat , flip the tractor and strike he head . Sarah look away . cameron ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I do not mean to be disrespectful . the sun be hurt Sarah 's eye . she glance at cameron , keep she pose of gentility . sarah let 's just go . ext . nile mansion , day stand by he suv , cameron shake hand with they . billy how long will it take , to settle everything ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . cameron once the court approve you document we should be able to transfer the cash account in two to three day . I can take care of sell this place . of course you may want to consider hang on to it ... it sure be beautiful . sarah it be , but it 's not for we . thanks . cameron step inside he 4x4 . cameron I will check in with you tomorrow . i’11 do my best to make thing as easy as possible . have a good evening , folk . billy thanks very much . Sarah and billy watch as cameron 's 4x4 disappear . sarah that guy make I nervous . billy you do great . except , you should not have push so hard about the old man 's money . sarah what 's the difference ? the only person that know what ellen really look like die on that tractor . and you say I do good . billy I say you do great . int . cameron' office , day a large , well - appoint office . leather furniture on plush carpet , painting on the wall . in the center of the room we see a big polished wooden desk with cameron seat behind it . sheriff Robert burst in . sheriff ROBERT you go over to nile ' ? cameron hold up a envelope mark " nile " . cameron I get they file right here . sheriff ROBERT what be they like ? cameron hesitates for a minute . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28. cameron seem like a couple of nice young folk . sheriff ROBERT sure . you can afford to be nice when you be get all that money . cameron put the file into he desk drawer , slam it shut . int . joe' diner , evening the diner resemble a old fashioned denny 's . cameron and sheriff Robert sit eat in a secluded booth . sheriff ROBERT do you hear sal 's truck be steal ? cameron no kid . well , its the only El camino in town . should not be too hard to track . sheriff ROBERT that 's just the thing , it up and disappear . cameron I ' 1l keep my eye open . alice , the waitress , mid-thirty , a charming , typical southern '' belle '' approach sheriff Robert and cameron . currently single , she like to show off she long leg . alice be everything all right with you boy ? cameron flash he dazzle smile . cameron it 's just great , thanks . Alice take the plate , smile back at cameron . alice you call I if you need anything . sheriff Robert watch as Alice saunter away . sheriff ROBERT she 's get the hot for you . cameron please . sheriff ROBERT the foreigner mention what they be go to do with the inheritance ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . cameron do not say . sheriff ROBERT do not it strike you the least bit strange ? you nile 's attorney all this year and he do not leave you a dime , and instead he leave all that scratch to some girl he barely know . cameron nile pay I my hourly price . it be fair and hardly cheap . and as for ellen , she have a right to he equity by birth . it 's call inheritance Bob . sheriff ROBERT ( get up ) anyway , gotta finish up another report . burglary yesterday over at the lazy Inn . cameron sound like you get a crime wave on you hand . sheriff ROBERT yep . plenty of action lately . and all start up since nile kick . cameron but that be a accident . sheriff ROBERT I be start to wonder . no one be ask for a coroner 's report . maybe I should look into it . sheriff Robert start to get up from the table . cameron do what you need to do , Bob . sheriff ROBERT I just want everything ... straight . for the record , y’know . he exit , give a quick casual wave . ext . nile mansion , night a car approach the front porch . billy , doze away wake up and stand . the engine stop and a elderly woman emerge . elderly woman good evening folk . my name 's Belle . I use to be Mr. nile ' house keeper . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . billy I be billy ... ellen 's boyfriend . do you need something from the house ? Belle approach the porch . int . nile mansion - bedroom , night from the bedroom window Sarah look down onto the porch watch Belle and billy . billy look up , spot Sarah . belle ( v.0 . ) I baby sit for Mr. nile year and year ago when ellen be visit . I bet she will remember I . billy and Belle sit down . int . nile mansion - live room , night Sarah climb down the stair and move toward the kitchen . she stop as she see a picture of nile and ellen on a bureau . Sarah glance at the picture and pull she hair back the way ellen use to wear it . ext . nile mansion - porch , night belle what do you say you name be , again ? billy billy . Belle reach inside she handbag , pull out a pen and a small scrap of paper and begin to write . belle oh , billy . I have be come here , every other week for more than forty year , keep this place tidy . he would never would have have a home cook meal if it be not for I . he be never marry , you know . Belle finish write , hold the paper out to billy . belle ( cont 'd ) I would not mind keep this place clean for you . if you might need I . billy that 's real kind but we be only gonna be here a short time . at that awkward moment , Sarah appear with a tray hold three glass of ice tea . excite , Belle stand up to get a better look at she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 . belle oh , ellen . look at you . pretty as ever . you remember I ? Sarah smile , sit down . sarah I be sorry . I be ... too young to remember , will not you have some tea ? belle you have grow , but you have not change a bit . you look just exactly like Mr. nile . Belle continue to stare at Sarah . Sarah , uncomfortably look on . billy smile . belle ( cont 'd ) I never think it would be the last time I see he . it be so sudden . I can almost feel he watch we . Belle pull out a handkerchief and wipe tear from she eye . sarah I know how you feel . Sarah reach out and hug Belle , look at billy with a helpless expression . Belle get she composure back . belle how strange . sarah what ? belle you use to have a little beauty mark right there on you leave cheek . Sarah look at billy . sarah musta outgrown it . belle yes , well , I better get go . you young people must have thing to do . it be wonderful to see you , ellen . sarah you too , Belle . Sarah and Belle get up , hug awkwardly one more time . eventually , Belle let go of Sarah then turn . billy help she down the porch . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32. belle billy , right ? you be good people I can tell . you take good care of that little girl now ... Belle get in she car . billy and Sarah watch as its tail - light disappear into the night . sarah beauty mark . billy I would not worry about it . ext . nile mansion - dirt road , day a police car approach the old mansion . int . police car - dirt road , day sheriff Robert drive . Earl sit in the passenger seat . sheriff Robert hand he a camera with a long telephoto lens attach to it . sheriff ROBERT now , I want you to get some good picture of the two of they . earl why ? sheriff ROBERT just do it , okay ? Earl shrug and pop two mouth full 's of chew tobacco into he mouth . ext . nile mansion - porch , day Sarah , sit on the porch , look up and see the police cruiser near . moment later , billy step out of the front door , lean against the entrance column . sarah Visitors around the clock . billy what the fuck do they want ? int . police car , day the car come to a halt in front of the large house . sheriff Robert step out of the car and move towards billy . Earl start click away , take picture . Sarah notice and turn back into the house . cu : telephoto -len Pov : click . click . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33 . ext . nile mansion - porch , day sheriff ROBERT sheriff Robert brogden . Nice to make you acquaintance . he climb the stair toward billy and shake he hand . billy what can I do for you ? sheriff ROBERT we be look for a steal car . a old El camino . Light blue , metallic . do not suppose y’all would know something about it . billy sorry , we just arrive from out of town . sheriff ROBERT sometimes kid 'il take a car out for a joy ride and dump it in the field . ext . police car , day Earl step out of the patrol - car , lean against the hood . he attempt to spit a wad of tobacco juice onto the ground , but the brown saliva will not separate from he mouth . distract , billy watch . Earl spit again , succeed finally . ext . nile mansion - porch , day billy wish I could help , but I have not see it . sheriff Robert glance at the barn . sheriff ROBERT you do not mind if we look around the property , do you ? billy not at all . sheriff ROBERT ' appreciate it . billy no problem . quickly , billy walk back into the house . ext . nile - driveway , day Earl join the sheriff as they slowly move towards the barn . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34 . sheriff ROBERT do you get they picture ? earl oh yeah . what be you up to boss ? sheriff ROBERT routine be all , Earl . always check where you least expect to find anything . that 's what my old man teach I . int . nile mansion - dine room , day billy enter , hastily move to the bureau and retrieve the gun . he turn . Sarah be stand in front of billy lock eye with he . billy be on the edge . sarah what be you do ? billy check the cylinder , close it . billy nobody be gonna get hurt . but we can not afford to let that hillbilly arrest we . sarah you be crazy ! he tuck the gun into he pants , sidestep Sarah , exit . Sarah rush towards the window , watch the action unfold . ext . nile mansion - barn , day sheriff Robert and Earl stop at the yellow convertible . the sheriff nod to Earl . Earl pull out a paper - pad and pencil , write down the license plate , then follow the sheriff . at the driveway walk swiftly toward the barn , billy be close in on the two police officer . at the barn sheriff Robert and Earl arrive at the barn door . sheriff ROBERT well , what be you wait for ? open it up . Earl grab the iron door handle and slowly slide the heavy door open , inch by inch . sarah ( 0.s. ) honey ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . Sarah have step onto the porch wear she jeans jacket . billy turn , stop . he stand halfway between the house and the barn , finger the gun . the tension be about to climax when a car come travel down the dirt road . as Earl struggle to open the door , billy squint at the approach car . billy pull he shirt tail over the pistol . at the barn sheriff Robert spot the advance car and start walk back toward the house . Earl stop pull on the door and follow sheriff Robert . through the partially open barn , the cover El camino be visible . the 4 x4 come to a halt as cameron get out of he car . cameron Bob , what be you do bother this nice people ? sheriff ROBERT I be look for sal 's truck . cameron come on , Robert . you think you 'il find it around here ? not to mention you need a warrant to search people 's property . sheriff ROBERT just make sure . ( to billy ) sorry to bother you . let 's go , Earl . see ya later , cameron . sheriff Robert move toward he cruiser . Earl follow . ext . nile mansion , day cameron and billy walk towards the front porch where Sarah have be watch . cameron I be sorry about we overzealous sheriff . be like that since we be kid . billy schoolyard pal ? cameron well in fact , he 's my brother . billy brother ! of course . same last name ! brogden ! cameron we father be the local sheriff for many year . I think Bob 's just try to keep up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36 . cameron ( cont 'd ) there 's be a rash of crime around here lately . tremo be a small town , drunk teenager ' bout the worst thing we get . cameron and billy arrive at the porch . Sarah step into the frame , greet cameron . sarah how be you do Mr. brogden ? cameron do just fine . thanks for ask . now , the reason for I stop by ... there 's be a hitch in you case . billy 's face drop . Sarah look worried . cameron ( cont ’d ) why do not we all go inside and sit down ? at the barn : someone be watch Sarah , billy and cameron . int . nile mansion - live room , day the three enter , sit down . the gun poke into billy 's back . cameron it 's not that bad , really . it 's just ... well , some guy in Las Vegas have file a injunction . billy a injunction ? who ? cameron I do not know , he 's ... he 's claim he 's nile son . sarah Las Vegas ? very strange . billy and Sarah be uneasy . cameron notice . cameron yes , it be strange . my gut feel be , most likely , he 's somebody just look for a quick pay off . sarah I do not get it , do not the will leave everything to I ? cameron yes , it do . however , if nile do not know he have a son , and then find out about it , and this individual could somehow prove that nile have some intent to change he will ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37 . there be a awkward silence . cameron ( cont ’d ) option two ... I suppose if you could prove that while nile know about this son and still leave he nothing ... billy and Sarah look at each other . sarah Excuse I for a second . int . nile mansion - bedroom , night Sarah step into nile bedroom and start search the desk . a few moment later she find what she be look for . int . nile mansion - dine room , day cameron read Belle 's letter address to the old nile , the same letter Sarah discover several night ago . cameron yes ... this be very tell . I be glad you show this to I . it will definitely make you case a lot stronger , ... but you need something more . billy more ? cameron well , it 's not he letter . what you need be something he 's write , that specifically say he want all of he estate go to ellen , despite any other claim . billy what be the odd of find that ? cameron stand up , put the letter into he briefcase . cameron no reason to get concerned . you see , the burden of proof be primarily on he , the rival party .... will take a little more time , but ' round here there be not nothing but time . ext . nile mansion - barn , night billy sit inside the El camino and turn the ignition . ext . nile mansion - porch , night Sarah step outside and shout at billy who be drive by . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38. sarah where be you go ? billy I be get rid of this damn car . Sarah watch as billy drive the El camino into the wood . ext . wood , night billy steer the El camino through the wood , toward a swamp - area . he stop at the edge of a muddy lake , step out of the truck , then reach back inside the car . he be about to shift the transmission into drive when he notice a laminate card stick near the driver seat . he pick it up , pull out a cigarette lighter , hold the flame close . it read LA cash checking . '' Edward romero '' . billy stashes the card into he pocket and lean back into the car . moment later , the El camino roll into the lake , slowly disappear . billy wait until the taillight expire and walk away . ext . convenience store , day Sarah exit the convenience store with a bag of grocery . she get into the yellow convertible , put the bag onto the back seat . suddenly she head be yank backwards . it 's Edward , firmly pull she hair . Sarah be about to scream . edward ( calm , collect ) start the car or I 'il break you neck . without hesitation Sarah slide the key into the ignition , while peek into the rearview mirror . edward ( cont 'd ) drive . ext . STREET - tremo , day the convertible pull out and disappear out of sight . int . convertible - outskirt - tremo , day Sarah be at the wheel , petrify . Edward , in pain , move to the front passenger seat . wearing a odd Hawaiian shirt , he look surprisingly good . one would not know he be shot only day earlier . he stare at Sarah with a menace smile . edward you look real good , baby . Far cry from what I remember . truly amazing this rehabilitation stuff . I be proud of you . so , what do you want I to call you ? Sarah ? or should I say , '' ellen '' ? Edward smile , look out the window . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . sarah Eddie ... what ... what be you do here ?? edward you think I be stupid ? sarah you gotta believe I , I do not know what you be talk about . we be just pass through , pay we respects , that 's all . edward yeah , sure . without warning Edward strike Sarah across the face . temporarily , Sarah loose control of the car , which zigzag on and off the shoulder . edward ( cont ’d ) keep you eye on the road , sweetie ! Sarah regains command of the convertible . she touch she face , notice blood drip from she nose . sarah I do not understand . why you be do this ? edward you know , I fuck ellen right up the ass , she start sing about she wealthy folk , the charming uncle down in sweet home Alabama . and when you and the new boyfriend start head south , I figure you be not here for a memorial service . '' pay respects '' my ass be what I say . Edward laugh . Sarah look like she be ready to throw up . edward ( cont ’d ) let I ask you . they drug meeting you go to , do not they teach you about make amend to people you do wrong ? sarah what ? he jab lightly but insultingly at the side of she face . edward I follow you little ass nineteen hundred fuck mile to this one horse hicktown , next thing I know I get a bullet in my gut . Edward lift he shirt and reveal he bandage abdomen . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40. sarah oh my God . it be a accident . I fall ... I be so sorry . edward ' appreciate the apology , baby . he light up a cigarette . Sarah remain silent . edward ( cont ’d ) pull over . ext . oasis inn motel parking - lot , day Sarah come to a stop in the parking lot of a small motel . a sign above the front office read : '' Oasis Inn . vacancy '' . edward what 's the little fucker 's name ? the boyfriend you be drag along ? sarah he 's just a guy . he 's nobody . as she speak Edward have produce some white powder which he be deftly pack into a pipe . he light it , take a drag . edward now you . he force she to smoke the pipe , relighting it for she . now he lean into Sarah and touch she cheek . edward ( cont ’d ) one more time . what 's he name ? sarah billy ... edward billy . ok . now , you keep it nice and quiet about I bump into you ... he slowly start squeezing Sarah face tight , while push he thumb into she bloody nose . she scream in agony . edward ( cont ’d ) ...- otherwise little billy 's the first one to go . I be here to collect . on ellen 's behalf , so to speak . you follow I ? sarah ( shaking , desperate ) the lawyer say it will be a few more day before he 's go to transfer the asset . Edward let go of Sarah 's face . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41. edward and by the way . I want my piece back . come by tomorrow . any time between noon and three , room 116 ... Edward simply look at she . Sarah do not know what to say or do . he mock - tenderly touch she chin . sarah I will be there . Edward pull out a small plastic bag and drop it between Sarah 's leg . edward just that you know , I be with you , Sarah . I know , you get you head all mix up from all that rehab mambo-jumbo . I say , treat yourself . life 's short . enjoy the moment . know what I mean ? Edward turn to the backseat , grab the bag of grocery , then slowly drag himself out of the car . he slam the passenger door shut , smirk as he lean into the car . edward ( cont 'd ) man ... impossible to tell you two bird apart . ( pause ) . see you tomorrow . terrify , Sarah floor the gas-pedal and look into the back - view mirror , as Edward move out of focus . ext . tremo - police station , day sheriff Robert pull up next to a county police car . carry a envelope , he proceed into the station . int . police station , day sheriff Robert enter he sparse office . sal be sit next to a desk , talk with a young female sketch artist , mel . sheriff ROBERT good afternoon , sal . sal afternoon . hot enough for you ? sheriff ROBERT I suppose , I suppose . sheriff Robert look at the sketch . it 's take shape . sheriff ROBERT ( cont 'd ) mel , I be start to think you be not come . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42. mel come on , Robert . a steal truck in tremo be not exactly the crime of the century . sheriff Robert open the envelope and take out several snap shot of billy and Sarah . he show the picture to sal . sheriff ROBERT be this he ? sal take the photograph and study they ... sal that be not he , Bob , but I see the girl . she come by the store every so often . matter of fact she buy a bag full of grocery just a few hour ago . sheriff ROBERT be you sure it be not he ? sal one hundred percent . why ? what have they do ? sheriff ROBERT oh , nothin’ . just hopin’ for a grounder . disappointed , sheriff Robert put the picture back into the envelope . mel show sal she draw . sal yeah , yeah ... he face be a little rounder , a little fuller . mel continue to make the change . sheriff Robert look hard at the picture , as Edward 's face start to show . ext . nile mansion - driveway , day the convertible be park in the driveway . Sarah , torment , pull down the sun-visor , check she face in the vanity - mirror . she pull out a handkerchief and remove the dry blood from below she nose . the small plastic bag pack with dope sit on the passenger seat . cu : pipe , as Sarah light up . suddenly there be a knock on the car-window . Sarah scream . its billy , look straight at she , puzzle . Sarah be still hold the pipe . billy open the car door and slide in . tense silence follow . billy I think you be do with that . where do you ...? Sarah , try to act ' normal 's as best as she can . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43. sarah I be sorry . I find a little with ellen 's stuff . that and the pipe . you know , with all the shit that we be deal with , I feel like its ok to have a little ... fun . you be mad ? billy I be not mad . hey , if it make you happy . sarah I want we both to be happy . billy alright . then I deserve to have a little fun as well , do not you think ? sarah what do you mean ? billy reach out and take the pipe and the lighter from she hand . Sarah be unsure , nervous . sarah ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? be you sure about this ? last thing I wanna do be get you hook on dope . billy not to worry . let 's party together . just like one time , ok ? Sarah hesitates . sarah ok . billy light up the pipe , inhale . Sarah watch . billy that ... be pretty good . a big blissful look come over billy 's face . he kiss she . Sarah respond , kiss he back , as the two drop into oblivion . int . nile mansion - bedroom , night billy eye be wide open while Sarah appear to be sound asleep . several moment pass . then : billy there be a way out of this . Sarah slowly open she eye . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 , billy ( cont 'd ) remember when I say that everybody have a history ? I use to forge document for a live . sarah you what ? billy back in Vegas I work with this friend of my brother 's . Dean . very cool guy , really teach I stuff . we forge passport , birth , death certificate , pink -slip , insurance claim , you name it . he have a fully equip trailer in he backyard . let I tell you , that trailer be something else . Super high tech . anyway , there be this girl I know from high -school . Long story short : prom - night she crash she mom 's car into a casino . right on the strip . put to icing on the cake she pull out a fake id . get it ? well , that be the end of it . FBI and what not . I do a year in juvenile hall , then six month in jail . Sarah can not believe she ear . billy ( cont ’d ) Point be , I be think about take a closer look at nile 's letter . the problem be , if I get catch ... I be go away for a long time . sarah so , what , you be like a forger ? a scam artist . what the ...? billy not anymore . that 's in the past . Sarah turn over . sarah and what do you call we be here ? its a scam . billy , you say that you mother be a minister and run a wedding - chapel . and what about you brother and this business thing in LA ? I have never see you call he once . do you really expect I to believe any of it ? billy now wait a minute . I say my mom use to be a minister . she 's retire now ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . sarah stop it . I be not a idiot , you know . I do not care about what you use to do , you history ... actually , the less you say , the better . I like you for who you be . for some very bizarre reason I even trust you . just ... do not lie anymore . there be long pause . then : billy I be only try to find a quick and easy way out of this . sarah I think we should get out of here . that 's quick and easy . ellen 's dead . stealing she money ... billy , nothing be right about any of this . it 's a delicate situation . after a moment : billy we be this close and you be do really good . I say , let 's play along a bit longer , see what happen . if it get too dicey , we split . what do you think ? Sarah hesitates . sarah let 's sleep on it . billy smile , kiss she . he notice a cut on Sarah 's lip . billy what happen to you lip ? sarah I bit on it . have a bad dream . a little to prompt of a answer . suddenly she head pop up . sarah ( cont 'd ) do you hear that ? billy what ? sarah there 's something out there . Sarah jump out of bed and poke she head into the hallway . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46. hallway Sarah toward nile ' bedroom then turn back to billy , she face ashen . she hold she finger to she mouth . billy grab a flashlight off the night stand and join she . nile bedroom a dark figure have lift up a few floor board . hallway billy aim he flashlight at the figure . pop ! billy turn on the flashlight . nile bedroom the intruder look up . he 's on he hand and knee , he eye glow , as the light reflect off he pupil . he 's short and stocky , with long dark hair ... billy ( 0.s. ) hey ! .-. and the intruder be go . billy ( cont 'd ) Sarah , turn on the light ! Sarah search for the light switch . sarah I can not find it ! suddenly there 's a noise as billy and Sarah watch the figure jump out the open window . quickly , the two move back toward they bedroom . billy stay inside and lock the door ! billy dart down the stair . Sarah slam the bedroom door . ext . nile mansion , night the intruder leap onto the porch roof then down to the ground . he do not miss a beat but he unintentionally drop a video tape , as he escape . int . nile mansion - dine room , night billy rush down the stair , go to the bureau and remove the pistol . ext . nile mansion - porch , night billy storm out of the house . the intruder jump on a dirt bike nearby , fire it up . billy aim the gun but hesitates . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47. the intruder race away and disappear into the wood . billy notice the video tape lie in the dirt . int . nile mansion - bedroom , night billy and Sarah stand around the open floor board . several hundred dollar bill litter the floor . billy that guy know exactly where the old man keep he stash . billy kneel down , point he flashlight underneath the floor board and discover several gay porno magazine . sarah .-.. and he '' personal '' secret . int . nile mansion - live room , night billy pop the video tape into the vcr , press play . cu : tv. blurry home-video image . two naked man on a large plush bed be kissing . it 's the intruder and nile Zachary . the camera zoom in on Zachery nile 's face , as the intruder '' disappear below '' to please old Zachery . voice ( 0.s. ) we be have fun now , be not we Zachary ? another scene . this time nile and another man , dress in eighteenth century wig and white make - up , be tie to a contraption inside a phony candlelit dungeon . classical music play in the background as a hood figure in black leather enter and whip the chain man . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) who be you master , you sissy ? who be you master ? billy hit the remote , turn off the tv set . billy and Sarah look at each other . billy well , he be you uncle .. sarah very funny ... int . joe' diner , day sheriff Robert sit at the counter talk to joe , early sixty , wear a stain cook uniform . Joe also own the place . the sketch of Edward sit on the counter , the picture of billy and Sarah next to it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48. joe never see the mean look one . but think I have see they around . that be the kid stay out at nile 's house , right ? the jackpot winner . sheriff Robert put the picture back into he envelope . Alice check the ticket spindle , address Joe . alice Joe , you be go to take care of they order or do I have to go back there myself ? joe just talk to the sheriff , doll . Earl enter the diner , carry a folder . alice Bob , be you brother see anyone ? sheriff ROBERT no , he 's still tremo 's most eligible bachelor . I will mention you ask though . alice I wish you would . Earl arrive and take the seat next to sheriff . earl I be not seein ' no one , Alice . alice I " be not " teach pre-school . earl Excuse I ? sheriff ROBERT she 's say you be wet behind the ear , son . earl you do not know what you be miss , Alice . Alice roll she eye and move off to she other customer . joe this kid in some kind of trouble Bob ? sheriff ROBERT no , no . routine police work be all , Joe . something catch on fire in the kitchen . Joe take off run . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 . earl I have get something important to relay to you , sheriff .. sheriff ROBERT well , ... what be it ? earl I get what you have be wait for . sheriff ROBERT yes ? Earl , what be I wait for ?? spit it out ! earl sheriff , they fax we the coroner 's report . Earl push the report over to the sheriff , who hastily open the envelope . Earl can not resist revealing the highlight . earl ( cont 'd ) it rule out heat stroke as the cause of death . it say he die from suffocation . now be not that a pisser ? sheriff Robert study the report . sheriff ROBERT I nil be damned . I get myself a murder in tremo . int . motel room , day Edward lie in bed , smoking , watch tv. wrestling . there be a knock . Edward quickly get up , peek through security -hole . it 's Sarah . Edward open the door , pull Sarah inside . edward glad you could make it . he step up to she , reach inside Sarah 's jacket and pull out he gun . Edward check the pistol , stare at Sarah . edward ( cont 'd ) you know , first you forget to say '' I be sorry '' . now , not even a '' thank you '' ? Sarah do not understand . edward ( cont ’d ) my little present to you , yesterday . that be prime cut . sarah thanks . she look around the room not know what to say . then : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50. sarah ( cont 'd ) I think you might wanna know ... this whole thing turn out to have lot of kink . it could take month . edward really ? well , you just have to tell that lawyer you need the money now . you be ellen nile , its you money baby , right ? sarah what if I can not ? Edward move close , touch she hair . Sarah be petrify . edward do not say you can not . you can . you ’1ll do as I say and all will be good . sarah I get the gun like you ask . Edward do not respond . sarah ( cont 'd ) I better leave . edward already ? it do get awful lonely ' round here . let 's play a little ... huh ? what do you say ? Edward start kissing she . he murmur to she seductively , interrupt the kiss . edward ( cont ’d ) back in the day ... when ellen be around ... you be always look at I kinda friendly like ... curious sorta ... sarah stop it ! do not . I do not ... Edward grab she shoulder and throw she onto the bed . his look be stone cold . edward there be lot of swamp around here . nobody have find you in a million year . you better start bein’ cooperative . sarah what ...? Edward unbuckle he belt , unzip he pants and grab Sarah 's wrist , push he free hand into she pants . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51. sarah ( cont 'd ) leave I alone !! do not ... I can not ... do not do this please .... edward do not fuck with I you good for nothing crack bitch ! you already get one foot in the grave . you have best concentrate on transferrin’ some of they asset into my fuck wallet , or I swear I 'il kill the both of you . attempt to fight Edward off , Sarah scratch he face . it 's of no use as he push she down into the bed . sarah get of for !!!! Edward continue he assault . tear cover Sarah 's face . in the background the tv roar as wrestle match come to a brutal climax . dream sequence ext . day , deserted lake - montage over music - a hot summer day . overcast sky . we see billy and Sarah swinging high above the smooth water of a abandon mining lake via a make shift swing . dress in cut - off jeans , both be laugh , teasing each other , while sway back and forth below the vast branch of large overgrown tree , reach beyond the edge of the lake . eventually both release they grip as they skinny body plunge into the blue water . we watch as the two be swim below the surface of the lake ascend toward the blurry sunlight . moment of joy and young innocent love follow . billy and Sarah be neck each other while embrace and kissing , hold on to one another , subside and rise between the water surface . loung inside a car 's inner tube , Sarah puff a cigarette , blow smoke into billy 's face . she laugh innocently . both giggle away and engage in a mock fight as billy splashes water onto Sarah , rock the rubber tube . ultimately the black makeshift lounge - chair tip over as the two disappear into the depth of the lake . int . nile mansion - live room , night cu : billy , asleep , dream away . except the tv 's static the house appear pitch dark . billy 's eye open . he hear the sound of food be prepare . int . nile mansion - kitchen , night cu : two piece of chicken fry inside a pan . try to forget what she go through with Eddie , Sarah , tense , mechanically prepare a meal . moment later billy walk into the kitchen . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52. billy wow . Real home cookin’ . you be a real chef . sarah I get lot of talent you do not know about . billy what 's that suppose to mean ? sarah I mean we only just meet for God 's sake . billy well , I think we be start to know each other pretty good . ( pause ) where have you be ? sarah go into town while you be sleep . store be close . I drive around , get lose . I hate this place . not one god damn supermarket . billy sit down at the kitchen table . after a moment : billy you be ok ? you look ... stress out . sarah it 's the heat . intercut int . police station , night cameron be sit at he brother 's desk , glance at he file . he pick up the phone , dial . intercut int . nile mansion - dine room , night Sarah turn away from billy , run into the dining - room to pick up the phone . sarah hello ? cameron ellen , its cameron brogden on the line . sorry to call so late at night , but , I have some , well , disturbing news . Sarah cough into the phone . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53. sarah Excuse I . what be it ? cameron I have have a look at a coroner 's report concern you uncle and it appear that he do not die of natural cause . it look like he be suffocate . its be rule a homicide . I be terribly sorry . Sarah pause . billy step into the room , listen . suddenly a wave of nausea come over Sarah . she put she hand over she mouth , as vomit spew from between she finger . she drop the phone and double over . cameron ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) ellen ... ellen ? be you alright ? ellen gesture to billy to stay back as she get to she foot . sarah I be just not feel well right now . cameron miss , I realize this must come as a shock to you ... sarah +.. who would want to kill that sweet old man ? cameron ( v.o. ) I wish I know the answer . another thing : please be advise that the sheriff might stop by tonight . sarah the sheriff ?? what do he want ? cameron ( v.o. ) he will probably examine the tractor , ask a few routine question . sarah well , I do not kill he if that 's where you be go with this . and neither do billy . cameron ( v.o. ) ellen , I have no intention of even remotely suggest such a indecent premise . I be truly sorry . listen , do not you worry . I promise you I 'il do my very best and handle this unfortunate situation . meanwhile , let 's keep the conversation to the party involved , let 's not upset the sheriff any further , if you know what I mean . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54. sarah yeah , well , thanks for call ... cameron ( v.o. ) it 's the part of my profession I hate , break such awful news . ellen , I 'il be prayin 's for you and I will keep you post . Sarah hang up the receiver . concerned , billy approach Sarah , hand she a towel . sarah well , this whole deal just get a whole lot more fuck up than it be already ... billy what ? Sarah smile a bitter smile . sarah sheriff ' Bob 's order a coroner 's report and just get the result . nile 's death be now officially a homicide . Excuse I ... she rush for the nearest bathroom . billy fuck ! ext . nile mansion - porch , night billy and Sarah sit on the porch , wait . in the distance a police - car slowly drive into view . sarah here they come . sheriff Robert and Earl step out of the police car and walk up to the porch . billy and Sarah sit there , do they best imitation of a decent rural couple out of american gothic . sheriff ROBERT folk . sorry to bother you at this hour . sarah what 's go on ? sheriff ROBERT as of today this plot of land 's a crime scene in a homicide investigation . I and Earl be gonna do some dusting for fingerprint on you uncle 's tractor . we think to be polite we should pay you kid a visit , first . billy get up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . sheriff ROBERT ( cont ’d ) where you goin 's son ? billy can not wait to see a team of crack law enforcement professional at work ... ext . field , night flashlight expose the tractor cameron point out earlier to Sarah and billy . two officer dust it for fingerprint . sheriff Robert , Earl and billy be in the background . sheriff ROBERT how be we do boy ? officer # 1 look like we have get a whole bunch of clean print . billy crack the case , sheriff ? sheriff ROBERT still investigate . you do not mind if we take a few fingerprint , do you ? billy no . make yourself at home . sheriff ROBERT this time we need yours and miss nile . if you two could fall by the station tomorrow morning it have sure be appreciate . billy fingerprint ? what for ? sheriff ROBERT tradition here in tremo , kinda a keepsake to remember you by . ai not that right Earl ? Earl smirk away . billy stare at the sheriff with contempt . sheriff ROBERT ( cont ’d ) seriously . what do you think , smartass ? I need you print to see if they match what we just collect . so we can crack the case . get it ? billy you get some fuck nerve to show up here in the middle of the night ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56. sheriff ROBERT ++. now , do not get yourself all work up , boy . just doin 's my job . be at the station ten am sharp . have a good night . collage over music a series of '' moment '' , show the principal character , entrench in think , contemplate . the idea be that of a brief time - out . 1 ) ext . tremo - deserted , night . establish . 2 ) int . office , night : cameron , in he dimly light office , foot up on he desk , smoking a cigar , stare out of the window into the dark . 3 ) int . bedroom - somewhere in tremo , night : sheriff Robert 's , roll around in he bed , unable to sleep . 4 ) int . bedroom , somewhere in tremo , night : the intruder , glance at the ceiling of he room . a tense look in he eye , as he take a long drag of a cigarette . 5 ) int . nile mansion - bathroom , night - cu : Sarah , sit on the bathroom - floor , eye barely open . next to she we notice she drug gear . 6 ) int . oasis inn motel , night : Edward , lie on he bed , eye wide open , stare at the tv , which display nothing but static . periodically he take a sip from a can of beer . 7 ) int . nile mansion , night : billy , lie on one side of the bed , eye open , ponder . dissolve to : int . police station , day a overhead projector blast image of fingerprint onto a screen . sheriff Robert , cameron , Earl , and dotty , a middle - age forensic scientist , look at the screen . dotty this be the fingerprint you lift off of the tractor ... she point to several spot on the print . dotty ( cont 'd ) -.- and as you can see they belong to two different people ... sheriff ROBERT any match ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57. dotty one belong to Mr. nile , but the other one ... we do not have a match . sheriff ROBERT ( shake he head ) a murder , a unidentified suspect , a steal car ... cameron glance at he brother . cameron do not look at I Bob , I have never be involved in something this complicated . int . yellow convertible , day billy be at the wheel . Sarah stare out of the window watch the tree go by . sarah nothing but tree , swamp and boil heat . I do not know how anybody can live here . billy I think I 'il do it . sarah do what ? billy Forge the letter . might just be worth the risk . sarah I do not want you to do anything stupid . I mean that . but , if you think it have get we out of here faster ... murder , weird hillbilly sex -tapes , not to mention that I shot somebody . Accident or not . this be a bad bad fuck nightmare . billy we will get through this , I promise . Sarah slide close to billy , press tight against he . int . police station - tremo , day billy and Sarah sit as Earl and a matron take they fingerprint . sheriff Robert pace . cameron watch . sheriff ROBERT where be you two the Sunday before last ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58. cameron Bob , you be crossing the line . ( to billy and Sarah ) you do not have to answer that . billy be that the day he be kill ? ellen and I be in LA . guess what ? we can prove it , too . sheriff ROBERT I certainly hope so . ( beat ) how much you think old man nile be worth , billy ? billy what be with you ? you do not have a shred of evidence against we . we do not even have to be here , except for courtesy . sarah he 's just be mean billy , do not let he bother you . cameron the young lady happen to be correct Bob . why do not you just lay off . Earl , nod to the matron , hand billy and Sarah paper-towel . earl we be all do here . sheriff Robert step into billy 's face , block he . sheriff ROBERT people do some real crazy shit to get they hand on a win lottery ticket . even a hick - town sheriff know that . somehow , right from the jump , I could tell that you boy , be nothing but a bad piece of news . billy you could tell , huh ? what be this ?? listen , I know my rights . May I go now ? sheriff ROBERT I bet you do know you rights . Bet you have plenty of scrape with the law ... cameron Bob , I have to protest . this be ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . sheriff ROBERT ... it 's my office cam , my investigation . ( pause ) in case I have not be clear , sooner or later I be gonna nail you maggot ass to the wall . I do not care how long it take . down here we follow law and order . you miss the big sign outside of tremo . know what it read ? not welcome ! have a nice day ! billy move around sheriff Robert , take Sarah 's hand and exit . cameron follow they outside . earl what do you think boss ? we gonna get they bastard ? sheriff ROBERT it will be like shootin’ deer in a pen . ext . police station tremo , day billy and Sarah come storming out of the building . cameron be one step behind the couple . cameron I be really sorry about what happen in there . my brother 's a good man . he be just a bit too eager at time . billy think for a moment , then : billy should I have tell he about the guy , that break into the house a few night ago ... maybe nile be mix up in something ... you know ... something ... fuck up . cameron be you able to get a look at this guy , this '' intruder '' ? could you id he ? billy short with long , dark hair ... kinda stocky . cameron do he take anything ? billy I be not sure . he try . he exchange a glance with Sarah . sarah we do not bother you about it but with the sheriff pull all this nonsense ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60. billy 's tentative . something 's not right . but they have go this far . billy the guy drop something on he way out . a videotape . Sarah and billy share another glance . sarah uncle nile be on it and uhm , it 's , well , it 's not altogether pleasant to look at . cameron if it 's all right , I have like to see it for myself . int . nile mansion - live room , day Sarah , billy and cameron enter the mansion 's entrance - hall . sarah if you will excuse I I be go to lie down , see if my stomach can settle . Sarah disappear up the staircase . cameron good day , miss nile . later the last image of the porn tape billy press '' eject '' . second later a tape pop out . cameron look on , however , billy 's back be block the view . billy , tape in he hand , get up and turn to cameron . cameron ( cont ’d ) wow ! billy nod and hand cameron the tape . cameron ( cont 'd ) I will get rid of this dirt . nile have a respectable reputation , and I do not see how its be taint now will serve we cause particularly ... billy would Nile be gay , weaken the claim of a illegitimate son ? cameron not significantly I be afraid . the phenomenon of man with homosexual taste father child be not that rare . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61. cameron put the cassette into he briefcase . the lowering sun beam inside the live room , hit billy in the eye . he move to the window to lower the blind . billy I gotta question . cameron go right ahead . billy in you professional opinion , how much longer be this whole ordeal gonna last ? cameron well , once foul play be suspect , Alabama probate court will put a immediate hold on the case . I have say at least a month , closer to two . the blind will not lower . billy pull on it , but it 's stick . billy a month or two ? I do not think we can stay that long . billy twist the cord way over to the right , then rip it back to the leave . finally the blind lower . cameron be you folk strapped for cash ? since I do have power of attorney , it would not be improper for I to advance you some money . billy what do you have in mind ? cameron how about five thousand dollar ? billy respond without hesitation . billy we will wait ... for the settlement . cameron I understand . do you know anything about art , billy ? cameron move towards the mantel and point to the painting billy retrieve from the cellar . billy shrug no . cameron ( cont 'd ) well , nile ' taste in art be ... pretty eclectic . I think he pay a hundred and thirty five thousand for that one . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62. cameron ( cont 'd ) I imagine you could get at least twice that much at any art auction . billy move closer to the painting . two man aim musket at a large white elephant that be flee across a river in the African bush country , while African native look on . billy a hundred thirty five thousand buck ? for this ? cameron nod . they both look at the painting . billy ( cont 'd ) must be nice to have that kind of cash ... cameron I would not know ... I should get go . he head for the front door , resume the avuncular mode . cameron ( cont ’d ) I hope ellen feel better . and trust I , it will all work itself out . they be at the door . billy open it to let he out . billy thanks for everything . billy watch as cameron drive away then shut the door . int . cabin , night a red scarf cover the only light bulb inside the small room . the wall be decorate with male pin-up . jamie albright , twenty eight , sit on a bed . we recognize he as the intruder billy chase out of nile ' house several night ago . jamie I try my best . it 's not my fault he give you the wrong tape . cameron stand behind he . both look at the television set : it's a instructional tape for a new line of tractor . jamie ( cont 'd ) be you sore at I ? I do everything you want . cameron yes you do . jamie do not be mad at I . cameron glare at Jamie . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63. cameron I be not mad . I be not mad at all . cameron take off he belt with its monogramm buckle . cu : television set , as the tape continue to play . in the background we hear the sound of a struggle : bit and piece of squelch word , brief shout and scream . cu : jamie . a leather belt be tightened around he neck . a infuriate cameron glance at the tv while he hand grapple at the end of he belt . suddenly , the buckle fly off . int . nile mansion - kitchen , night Sarah walk into the kitchen . billy be sit at a table with a phone book . Sarah sit in he lap , kiss he . sarah what be you do ? billy try to get to the other side of the story . I think Mr. cameron brogden be jerk we around . sarah what about the letter ? billy we may not need it . billy look up . billy ( cont ’d ) you be ok ? sarah I be fine . Sarah get up , move to the refrigerator , pull out a carton of milk and fill a cup . billy you look pale . sarah really ? well , ... thanks ! Sarah take a sip . billy you do not think I know what 's go on with you ? sarah what be you talk about ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64. billy you sleep for fourteen hour that 's what 's wrong . listen to I . you need help . go back to LA ... go back into rehab if that 's what it take . i’1l stay , get the money and we will meet up when I be back . Sarah look at he in disbelief . she burst out : sarah you know what billy ? I just wish you have get you act together and forge that goddamn letter . all you do be talk and talk and wait and wait . I be sick of this fuck place . billy you do not think I know that you have be shoot up ? Sarah , unsure of herself , stare at billy . billy ( cont ’d ) one look into you eye and I know exactly what you have be do . you think about what I say . unless you want to wind up like ellen . sarah you be wrong . billy get up and move close to she . billy I be gonna go out on a limb here . and keep in mind that this be only to prove how much I care for you . I believe you ... he take she hand and turn she arm over . Fresh bruise cover she arm . Sarah look away . billy ( cont 'd ) +.- until its true . Sarah break down , sob . billy reach out and pull she into he arm . sarah I 'il quit . soon . when this be over . we be in this together ... Sarah slide away from billy , walk out of the kitchen . billy look after she . he sit down and flip through the phone book , to ... lawyer . he see cameron 's ad and one other large ad for sly wheaton , the only other lawyer in tremo . it 's already be circle in thick black ink . billy rip out the page , slam the phone book shut and dial . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 65. billy Mr. wheaton , sly wheaton ? hi. I be call regard with the estate of Zachary nile . int . police station , night sheriff Robert sit at he desk . dotty enter with a file . sheriff ROBERT any of the print match ? dotty no match . but remember that fella who use to work for nile , Jamie albright ? turn out he have some prior and he print be as clear as day . sheriff Robert get up , grab he jacket and storm out . ext . wood - cabin , night out in the middle of nowhere . two police car be park next to the small cabin . a familiar look dirt bike lean against the porch railing . int . cabin , night sheriff Robert see Jamie 's naked body lie on the bed . Dead . two officer examine the corpse . Earl poke around . officer # 1 Boy be strangle ... do not look like force entry though . Earl laugh while glance at the male pin- up poster . sheriff ROBERT Earl , why the fuck be you wear sun glass at night ? large aviation glass cover Earl 's eye . he spit a wad of dark tobacco juice into a cup . earl make I look meaner . sheriff Robert sigh . ext . tremo - MAIN STREET , day billy drive along Main street . he spot a parking space and pull in . billy get out of the car , examine the page from the telephone book . blind by the bright sun , billy stumble across the street . honnnnk ! a car barely miss he . billy look at the number . 52 , next to that 56 . he wander into a alley , look up . 54 . sly wheaton 's office . billy enter . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 66. int . sly wheaton' office , day noticeably less plush than cameron 's office . sly wheaton , a poorly groom man in he mid fifty sit at the desk , talk on the phone . in addition to a tacky suit , he wear a gallon of styling gel in he hair . as soon as he see billy : sly ( into phone ) I get to go . he put the receiver down . sly ( cont 'd ) hi-ya . William , I take it ? billy that 's I . you can call I billy , if you want . sly sit ... sit down . billy oblige . sly ( cont 'd ) you have come to settle up ? must say though , I think I be go to have to file before I ever see any money outta you . billy settle up ? sly must be a lot of people tryin ' to horn in on the inheritance ? billy well , yeah , that 's what I want to talk to you about . sly what ' cha drink ? sly pull out a bottle of gin and two glass from below he desk . billy I be fine , thanks . sly look up . sly suit yourself . you do not mind if I do ? billy shake he head . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67. billy I just need some advice , possibly representation . I can pay you , as soon as ... sly start laugh . sly I bet you can . billy lean forward . billy -.. let say ... suppose the old man have a illegitimate child that be try to get some of he money . what would be the quick way to find some kind of solution ? sly solution ? kill them . sly laugh out loud , then shift gear to serious . sly ( cont 'd ) you need a document state that nile want he money go to he niece , and he niece only . billy well , I do not have that document . sly smile and nod , take a sip from he glass . sly you have get a problem then , do not you ? I bet nile know all about this ' cause he come to I two day before he pass away . he be go to have I change he will to explicitly exclude anyone ... but ellen . sly let this sink in . billy 's mind race . sly ( cont 'd ) you want that drink now ? sly pour billy a drink and slide the glass toward billy . he then pour one for himself and quickly drain it . sly ( cont 'd ) kind of a coincidence , do not you think ? he end up dead right before he intend to change he will . billy you could testify ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68. sly ... for a price . billy this have already go on forever . sly it would be worth it . I already start the paperwork for the old man . listen , why do not you leave I a check for the three thousand nile owed I ? you know , to show good faith . mind you , I be not charge a arm and a leg like cameron brogden . billy I do not have three grand . sly lean back in he chair . sly well , then you better get it . we all gotta eat , you know . billy that 's a fact . anyway , thanks for you time . i’1l call you . sly anytime . int . the elbow -room - bar , day several local be sit quietly inside the dark water - hole . Soft countrymusic play in the background . georgia , the bartender , a woman in she sixty , sport a coor baseball cap , be fixate on solving she crossword puzzle . the sheriff enter , take a seat at the bar-counter . Georgia look up . georgia sheriff Robert ? what a surprise . have not see you charmin’ face in long time . how 's everythin 's ? sheriff ROBERT its go . its go . georgia how about a cold one ? sheriff ROBERT sure sound good , Georgia . sheriff Robert open a envelope , pull out several sketches of Edward , along with picture of billy and Sarah . Georgia place a tall glass of tap beer in front of the sheriff . she glance at the photo . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 . georgia crime suspect ? sheriff ROBERT yup . any of they face look familiar ? Georgia glimpsis at the sketch of Edward , look at it again . georgia I know he . dangerous kinda fella , I tell ya . sheriff ROBERT you know this man ? be you sure ? georgia yeah , I be sure . he be sit right here . I even talk to he . sheriff ROBERT what do he say ? georgia I do not know , this and that . Said he 's stay at the Oasis Inn . sheriff ROBERT do you get he name ? georgia gnaw . sheriff Robert quickly get up , put on he hat and exit . int . nile mansion - bedroom , early evening cu : sarah . lying in bed , like freeze . star into nothing . in the background we hear the phone ringing . live room billy enter , pick up the receiver . billy hello ? ( beat ) hello ? ( shouting ) there 's no one on the other end . billy slam down the phone . int . sly wheat office , night sly , tumbler in hand , sit at he desk review a file label nile . the office doorbell ring . he look up . sly ( mutter ) damn . I be come . hold you horse . sly cross the room , approach the front door and open it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 70. sly 's Pov : there be no one at the door . suddenly , a shadowy figure hold a revolver come forth rapidly . bang ! bang ! bang ! Three shot blast into sly . he tumble backwards , fall onto he desk , dead before he hit the floor . ext . oasis inn motel , night sheriff Robert pull into the parking lot of the motel , honk . clyde , the night porter , fifty , sport thick eye wear , step outside he office . int . oasis inn motel , night stand by the window of he room , Edward look down towards the front office , watch sheriff Robert and clyde talk . the sheriff pull out several sketches . clyde point . cu : edward . he cock he gun . intercut int . / ext . oasis inn motel , night pistol in hand , sheriff Robert move up the staircase . he position himself in front of Edward 's room , spread he leg , both hand on the revolver . just like in the movie . he knock on the door with the tip of the barrel . no answer . cu : edward . stand to the side of the door , gun point . sheriff Robert pull out the key to the motel-room . cu : door lock . the key slide inside . the lock turn . click . sheriff Robert push the door open . it 's pitch dark inside . he flip the light -switch . nobody home . the sheriff tip - toe 's towards the bathroom , same procedure as at the entrance door . the bathroom be empty . he carefully step backwards , lower he revolver and aim at the mattress in front of he . cu : edward , underneath the bed , he gun point bull eye at the sheriff 's leg . suddenly the speaker-microphone , place on the sheriff Robert 's shoulder , go off . he jump up like he have be hit by lightning . it 's Earl , request the sheriff . he respond with a quick '' ten -four '' and slowly leave the room . int . nile mansion - bedroom , night cu : sarah . lying in bed , like freeze . star into nothing . in the background we hear the phone ringing . live room billy enter as the phone ring again . billy hello ? ( beat ) oh. hello there . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71. int . bellen house , night in the background we see that she life in the genteel lower middle class poverty that be the fate of most widow 's . a old tv in she parlor , doily , ancient watercolor , frame picture everywhere . belle it 's Belle brogden , you recall . I come and visit you and ellen the other day . billy oh yes . how be you ? belle I be just fine and how be you ? billy I be just fine . belle how 's ellen ? billy she 's just swell . uh , thanks for ask . belle I do not mean to be any trouble , I just wonder if , about the housekeep . ... if you need I to look in on you ? billy that 's very thoughtful of you . I will ask ellen and we will call you tomorrow . how 's that ? belle yes , call I tomorrow then . billy ok . belle well , good - night then . billy good night . billy hang up , sigh . he rub he eye , stop , stare ahead in think . something 's click in he mind . he swiftly pull out he wallet , take out the scrap of paper with Belle 's name and address scrawle on it . billy ( cont ’d ) ( mutter softly ) wait a minute . he leave the room in a hurry . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 72. int . mansion - nile bedroom , night billy sit down at nile 's desk , pull out the old letter box and place it in front of he . he take a breath , then remove a letter from the box and compare Belle 's name and address on the scrap of paper with nile ' name and address on the envelope . the handwrite be clearly the same . belle be nile 's lover . int . nile mansion - bedroom , night billy enter . Sarah appear to be sleep . billy lean over she and whisper . billy I think we get what we need . he kiss she . a tender moment . Sarah 's eye slowly open . sarah what ? billy I 'il be back soon . sarah be careful . her remark surprise he . billy you be worried about I ? sarah always . billy kiss she once more . billy go back to sleep . he step away , exit . cu : sarah , cautiously listen as billy leave the house . she jump out of bed , grab she jacket and leave the room . int . barn , night the cadillac stand in the dark . the barn door slide open , Sarah enter . she jump into the car turn the ignition key . after a few attempt the engine start up . ext . barn , night the cadillac drive off into the dark , its headlight cut through the pitch black night . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 73. ext . sly wheaton' office , night two police car and a ambulance be park in the alley outside of sly 's office . cameron 's 4 x4 pull up . int . sly wheaton' office , night sheriff Robert , Earl and two officer examine the scene as a police photographer take picture . two medic be pack up sly 's body . sheriff Robert open a file cabinet as cameron enter and survey the scene . sheriff ROBERT daddy be the sheriff of this town for more than forty year and he never have one murder . I have get three murder in one week . cameron and I be sure he have be proud of the way you be handle it . the medic pass cameron and sheriff Robert with sly 's body . earl nile , Jamie , sly , who 's next ? it 's the " dreg of tremo killer " . the two officer and the photographer crack up . sheriff ROBERT shut up , Earl . that be not funny ! sheriff Robert look around the room contemplate , try to make some kind of connection within the puzzle of event . ext . tremo - STREET , night the street be empty . billy pull up in he convertible in front of sal 's convenience store . int . sal' convenience store , night billy enter , as sal nod politely . sal take a big swig from a pint of bourbon and return to watch tv on a small monitor . by the back door of the store , sal' son and two other teenager be pack up several case of beer . one of the case drop , muffle laughter follow . sal peek down the hallway and spot the kid . his expression harden . billy do you know where Laurel ... sal Excuse I for a minute . sal disappear , moment later a commotion break out . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74. sal ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you piece of shit , what 's go on here ? sal ’'s son ( 0.s. ) I swear , I be gonna pay you back ... be not no big deal . sal ( 0.s. ) no big deal ? stealing from you own father ? be that what I get for raise you ass ? sal' son ( 0.s. ) just a couple of beer ... it 's Friday night an’ all ... billy listen . he slowly move into the narrow hallway : sal be beat the live daylight out of he son . sal come on you sissy ... just like you mother . why do not you start weep while you be at it . another blow hit sal 's son hard in the face . billy step up . billy take it easy . sal what be you do here ? wait at the counter and mind you own goddamn business . billy why do not you try I ? sal you be with the nile girl , be not you ? yeah , I recognize you . billy motherfucker like you remind I of my old man , until one day I walk in on he while he be screwing my girlfriend . stuck the old service revolver right up he dirty crack and pull the trigger . trust I , he be not beat and drink no more . sal swing at billy who dodge the blow , counter . blood be fly everywhere as sal 's nose take a bad hit . sal 's son watch with a sense of relief and horror . billy turn , leave the scene . the other two teenager , carefully move in closer , check out the carnage . sal slowly come to . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 75 . sal ( to he son ) be a man for once and take care of that son of bitch . sal 's son get up and the teenager take off into the night . int . oasis inn motel , night Edward be in the midst of pack he belonging . there be a knock on the door . Edward grab he gun from the night -stand and move next to the entrance . sarah ( v.o. ) it 's I , Sarah , open up . Edward check the security -hole , open the door . Sarah hold a Burger King paper bag . edward what do you want ? sarah think you might be hungry ... I really need to use the bathroom . Edward look at the bag . he stick he head out into the outside hallway , check leave and right . edward you be a strange girl ... get in . ext . tremo - STREET , night billy walk down the street , look at the street sign . the three teenager be on billy 's tail . further up billy stop . the teenager stop , now about twenty yard back . billy turn around , catch they . he keep walk , only a little faster . ext . tremo - STREET , night billy 's brisk walk have become a slow jog and soon he be all out sprinting . the kid stay right behind . billy round a corner , duck into a alley . he get to the end of the alley only to find a high chain link fence : no way out . the teenager round the corner and slowly move toward billy . sal' son why you be run ? billy look , I do not have any beef with you . besides , take a look in the mirror , you do not need another beatin’ . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 76 . sal' son you think you be some kind of badass do not 's you , whipping my old man like a dog . sal 's son attempt to smirk , not sure of himself . suddenly , one of the teenager swing at billy with a two by four . billy quickly duck , respond , send the kid fly against a brick wall . out for the night . sal' son ( cont 'd ) you be gonna pay for that ... int . oasis inn motel , night deep in think , Sarah sit on the edge of the bathtub . suddenly , we hear Edward 's voice , shouting from the bed-room : edward ( vo ) good thing you stop by . you and I gotta talk . some redneck cop be snooping around here . gotta find myself some new dig , as in asap . time to wrap thing up . know what I mean ? ( beat ) what be you do in there ? fallin 's asleep ? Sarah get up , face the door , open it . bedroom Sarah , wear nothing but panty and bra , enter the room . she glance at Edward , step over to the bed and slide under the cover . Edward smile , pull Sarah close to he . edward what 's on you mind , angel ? need some dope ? Sarah start kissing Edward , who melt away . simultaneously , she reach out and attempt to retrieve Edward 's gun from the night-stand . all she find be Edward 's hand hold on firmly to he pistol . Sarah 's idea have take a ugly turn . edward ( cont 'd ) be this what you be look for ? he smile and stick the barrel onto Sarah 's forehead , cock the gun . Sarah freeze . ext . tremo - alley , night cu : switchblade -knife , as the blade spring open . sal 's son make a quick move towards billy . billy grab he arm , deflect the stab , headbutt sal 's son hard . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77. sal 's son drop the blade , go down on he knee , hold he bloody face . the third kid freeze , then take off run . cu : billy , breathe hard . int . oasis inn motel , night Edward force himself on top of Sarah , about to rape she once again . desperate , she reach out and slowly , inch by inch , pull she jeans jacket closer . Edward be too catch up to notice as Sarah 's finger frantically search the pocket . finally , she remove a disposable syringe . in one bold move , she jolt upward and stick the needle into Edward 's leave eye . Edward drop he gun as he cover he face with both hand . howling with pain , he violently jerk backwards , attempt to remove the syringe . Sarah pick up the pistol , point it at Edward . she pace in front of he . her voice tremble with fear , anger , anxiety . sarah Eddie ... do you know you have get the smallest penis I have ever see . all the time you be on top I ... nope , do not feel a thing . nothing . Zero . I keep think : poor Eddie . what a sad story . you know , I almost start call you two inch Eddie . kinda funny , no ? Edward be shriek . lot of blood be ooze from he eye . sarah ( cont 'd ) I cry plenty . I do . the mere think of you touch I ... I could not get it out of my head ... but look who 's cry now ? you want I to end you misery ? no Problem ! Sarah fire one round into Edward 's chest . his remain eye open wide as he body slip away into oblivion . she slowly lower the gun , stare at the corpse . she 's never shot anybody before . ext . tremo - STREET , night billy see a street sign : laurel STREET . he take out Belle 's scrap of paper , start look at the number on the house . int . oasis inn motel , night a series of quick cut : Sarah , towel in hand , be busy wiping off she fingerprint inside the bathroom . in the live - room she start remove the bloody sheet . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 78. at the entrance we see Edward cover from head to toe ina bloody bed -sheet - hunch over in a arm chair . a extension cord be wrap around he . intercut : ext . tremo - STREET / int . oasis inn motel , night billy cross a side street and look to he right . cu : billy . his face drop as he spot nile 's cadillac park in the back of the Oasis Inn Motel . under great distress Sarah manage to drag Edward across the room toward a french window . she pull the curtain , open the narrow , floor to ceiling double window and peek over the railing of a small , two foot wide balcony . the cadillac below be park with its trunk towards the building . cu : billy , hide near the rear of the motel , watch Sarah stand on the balcony . Sarah pull out the key and hit a small remote attach to the key-chain . the cadillac 's trunk pop open . she take a deep breath and pick up the heavy load . she manage to push Edward upright against the railing , then grab he ankle and pull . just like a pendulum , Edward 's own weight draw he over the railing , face the trunk below . one last shove and Edward 's be fly . crash : Edward miss the trunk . his body land on a row of large bush instead . cu : billy . stare , amaze . Sarah , large laundry bag in hand , come hurry down the back staircase . she throw the plastic bag into the corner of the cadillac 's trunk , then rush over to Edward . with all of she remain strength leave , she grab he by he arm and start tug . soon , the ordeal be over . Edward be stashed away . Sarah slam the trunk hood shut , jump into the front seat and drive off . ext . tremo STREET corner , night billy turn back onto Laurel Street ... cu : sal 's son , swinging a baseball - bat ... whack ... connect with billy 's face . billy go down as the three kid hit and kick he . once exhaust , the teenager run away , howling , laugh as they go . across the street , in a older two -story house , the porch - light go on , a window open . CUT to : black script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 79 . int . belle' house - live room , night billy be lie on a small couch in Belle 's tiny live room . his face be cover with dry blood , a bag of ice sit on he forehead . Belle help billy to sip from a small flask . his expression sour as he swallow the liquid . belle you have yourself a little trouble ? billy I have this three guy follow I ... billy look across the room : its sheriff Robert . the sheriff pull out Edward 's police draw , approach billy . sheriff ROBERT take a look . buddy of you 's ? belle leave the poor boy alone . he 's be beat . sheriff ROBERT he 'il live . come on now , son . you might as well come clean . billy peek at the sketch , shake he head . billy you tell I . who the hell be he ? sheriff ROBERT he 's the guy who steal the El camino . probably the same son of a bitch you send to kill nile . Belle be shocked . belle stop it , Robert . no one kill Mr. nile . billy you be insane . I have never see that guy in my life . billy 's head spin , as he drop back onto the couch . belle Bob , leave it be . reluctantly , sheriff Robert cross toward the door . sheriff ROBERT call I if there 's any more trouble , mama . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 80. billy 's eye open wide . his attention be catch by two set of photograph . one be with Belle , she two son and she husband the sheriff , Robert sr. the other be a picture of she with Zachary nile . billy you know , I be look for you tonight . belle for I ? if it be about the house - keep it could have wait till tomorrow . billy rise , a little fragile and go back to the picture . billy no , it be not about the housekeep ... you and you late husband raise two son , sheriff Bob and cameron . belle yes , that 's right . two big beautiful boy . billy you family do not mind all that long hour with you keep house for Zachary nile . belle it be a privilege work for a accomplish and prosperous man like Mr. nile . and we need the extra money . billy peer at the photo again . billy you , the late sheriff and Bob , you look like three peas in a pod . belle yes . billy not cameron though . Belle shrug a little uneasily . belle I do not know what you mean . she add a nervous smile that do not convince . billy you truly admire and respected nile , do not you ? belle well of course , I tell you that 's why ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81. billy you have a child with he do not you ... Belle 's eye darken in alarm . belle wha ... how dare you ... billy I read the letter you write to he , ask that he acknowledge you son . how could you stand for it ... what he do to you ? I mean after the way you take care of he and the way you feel about he ? belle ( beat ) it be not that simple . what would people think if they know what we be up to ? how would they treat my family , my husband , my little boy ... billy if you do not want to make he pay , there be somebody else who do . belle what do you mean ? billy cameron be nile 's son . and when nile hand the inheritance to ellen , he realize that he be go to be cut out of everything that be rightly he . cut out , same as he mother have be . belle you have no right ... billy deep down you gotta know ... that it be cameron that kill nile . belle that 's not possible ... Zachary ... Mr. nile 's death be a accident ... billy you be not up on current affair mar ’am . the coroner 's rule nile 's death a homicide . ( a beat ) you son kill he own father . Belle stare at billy . a look of horror cover she face . belle get out of here . you-you--get out ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 82. she start to sob hysterically on the edge of violence . belle ( cont ’d ) I say leave ! billy , a little rickety on he foot , exit . Belle , sniffle , watch through a blind to make sure that he 's go . she go to the phone . dial . belle ( cont ’d ) Bobby ? it 's you ma . I hate to be a bother , but it 's important . int . cameron' office , night a match ignites as cameron light up a gas fireplace inside he office . he cross towards a large drawer and pull out a file mark " nile " . its the same file we see earlier at sly wheaton 's office . we see a second file open to billy 's police sheet , picture of billy and Sarah as well as a copy of a newspaper clipping : " dead jane doe be ellen nile 21 , daughter of fame attorney " , be highlight in bright yellow . cameron move back to the fireplace and toss all document , one by one , into the flame . he curiously look on . int . police station - tremo , night sheriff Robert remove several sheet from a fax machine . he sit down at he desk , unroll the paper . ext . nile mansion - driveway , night billy sit inside the convertible , contemplate . moment later he step out of the car , stagger toward the porch . int . nile mansion - live room , night billy stand in the doorway and take in the sight and ... smell . the room be dark but light flow in from the kitchen . Sarah be cooking . int . nile mansion - kitchen , night Sarah turn , startle by billy , who 's stand in the doorway . he look awful . consider Sarah 's previous ordeal , she appear to be in control of herself . sarah what happen to you ? billy ran into a couple of local tough guy . Sarah step up to billy , look at he face . sarah jes ... that do not look very good . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83. int . nile mansion - bathroom , night billy sit on the edge of the bathtub while Sarah carefully clean he face . billy so what have you do all night ? sarah I go shopping . I find another market a couple of mile outside of town . hold still . Sarah apply a band - aide onto billy 's forehead , then kiss he . sarah ( cont 'd ) there you go . just like new . billy thanks . how do you get around ? Sarah hesitates , then look at billy point blank . sarah how do I get around ? I take the cadillac if that 's ok with you . dinner will be ready in a minute . she smile and exit the bathroom . int . nile mansion - kitchen , night sport a new set of clothes , billy have clean himself up . he walk into the kitchen and start search the cabinet . he pull out a bottle of Jack Daniels , then open the refrigerator , toss a couple of ice cube into a glass . he be about to close the refrigerator when he notice the shape of a gun underneath a kitchen towel . he peek into the live room where Sarah be busy set up the table . billy take out the familiar pistol , tuck it into the back of he pants . shortly after Sarah enter . puzzle , she look at billy , as he pour himself a stiff one . he point to the stove . billy look great . billy take a big swig from he tumbler , frown . billy ( cont 'd ) Boy , I really need that . billy smile at Sarah as he leave the kitchen , carry the bottle of Jack Daniels with he . Sarah freeze . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 84. int . nile mansion - dine room , night Sarah and billy sit at the candle light table . Sarah look on , as billy be pick he food , preoccupy . sarah I forget the salad . kitchen Sarah move to the refrigerator , open it and take out a large bowl . dine room billy watch Sarah serve . he pour himself another round , this time he fill the glass to the brim , drink up . Sarah , shocked , hand shaking , sit down . sarah there be all this cook book in the kitchen . this dish be a local favorite . billy very good . billy make no effort to conceal the fact that any small talk be of zero interest to he . sarah this morning , I be think about stanley 's , the day you ask I out . I remember come out of the kitchen with you turkey - sandwich but you have leave already . I think I would never see you again . ( beat ) and here we be . you and i. have dinner . billy look straight at Sarah , continue he silence . sarah ( cont 'd ) ..- stanley 's . I hope I ’1ll never have to work in a place like that again . billy why should you ? you be go to be rich very soon . aware that billy be not quite himself , Sarah be get increasingly nervous . she light up a cigarette , as billy take another swig from he glass . finally , Sarah find the courage to ask : sarah what 's up with the drink ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85. billy I be a bit on edge . that 's all . billy finish the tumbler , put the glass down and cross the room . he pick up the phone , dial . a new intensity of purpose in he eye . intercut int . cameron' office , night cameron pick up the receiver . cameron ( v.o. ) billy ? how be you do ? intercut billy well , I guess you could say , I have be better and I have be worse . cameron I know the feel . what 's on you mind billy ? periodically billy 's glance meet Sarah 's . billy the headline be that I know a lot about you , you brother , you mother , and nile . cameron billy , you give I the wrong tape . billy you know , I wonder what would happen if brother Bob get a hold of the video ? what do you think he have say ? cameron I do not think you try to blackmail I and besmirch the late Zachary nile 's spotless reputation be go to put you in good with the sheriff . billy ... " Zachary nile 's spotless reputation '' . what the fuck be wrong with you ? listen , you want I to call the sheriff right fuck now ? there 's a long silence . billy ( cont ’d ) I be gonna take that as a '' no . '' script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 86. cameron ( v.o. ) how much do you want , billy ? five thousand ? billy make it ten . Cash . tonight . then we 'il get out of here , so that you and the rest of the cracker asshole can stew in you own shit . cameron ( v.o. ) ( pause ) okay . the phone go dead . billy take he seat at the table . sarah the lawyer ? it 's not come through be it ? the inheritance . billy nope . that 's one number that 's never comin’ up . he play with he food . Sarah be about to break . sarah I have enough . I wanna get out of here , billy . as in yesterday . billy say nothing , then he just stare at she coldly . sarah ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? what 's go on ? she get up , start pace the room . billy remain seat . billy what 's go on ? well , I think I should be ask question . ( pause ) like , what do you have in mind for after dinner ? stuff I in the trunk with , you know , what 's he name ...? billy pull out Edwards cash check card , read : billy ( cont ’d ) Edward romero . that 's it . he throw the card in front of Sarah 's plate . billy ( cont ’d ) what ? you do not think I know where you score you dope from ? I see you at the motel tonight . Boy , what a spectacle . tell I Sarah , do you fuck he first and then kill he ... how exactly do it go down ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Sarah be shocked . she hesitates , then : sarah I do not fuck he ! that guy be ellen 's dealer . she owed he a ton of money and somehow he think that I have to pay he back . billy well , he 's dead now , be not he ? might as well get rid of I while you be at it , no ? I mean , that be the plan after all be not it ? why split all that cash with he , or I , right ? Sarah be stunne by this . sarah how dare you ? I do not have a clue about ellen 's money till I find that letter . besides , this be all you scheme ! not mine ! remember ? billy so , you be tell I that '' Edward romero '' do not have the same idea , a whole lot earlier ?... I should have see it come , but I gotta hand it to you . I buy you hook -line and sinker . she walk over to he and coolly slap he in the face . billy wipe the slap off he cheek . he stand he ground . billy ( cont ’d ) so , what 's next ? you be gonna go up - stair , shoot up some dope ... then a little later you will sit close , maybe even blow I while you be at it and when I be all moonstruck you be gonna put a bullet between my eye ? well , there be go to be a slight change in plan . the poise Sarah show in slapping billy have wear itself out . she start to crack , tremble with emotion . sarah you be drunk . that 's why you talk so crazy ! you think I go to that hotel room to get high , or worse , sleep with that animal ? you think I fool you . you fool I . I do not know you be just another asshole . billy stand up , pull out the gun and point it at Sarah . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88. billy maybe I be drunk . but I be not stupid . tell I what 's the gun do in the fridge ? Desert ? Sarah 's face drop . she slowly back up and start to cry , then turn and rush upstairs . ext . cameron' office - STREET , night cameron exit he office as sheriff Robert pull up in he cruiser and honk . cameron step up to the car , slide in . int . police car , night sheriff ROBERT I just get back from mama 's . guess who be there ? the boyfriend . billy . cameron what would he want ? sheriff ROBERT mama find he in the street . get a little rough up . suit he well , that smart ass . anyway , I get a piece of news for you that 's gonna knock you sock off . sheriff Robert pull out several fax sheet , include a copy of billy 's police file . sheriff ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ellen nile be dead . cameron what ? who be ... sheriff ROBERT Sarah Johnson , ellen 's roommate and billy brody , Sarah Johnson 's boyfriend . cameron no ! where do you get this ? sheriff ROBERT a good pal from the LA Police Department xerox I the whole skinny on they two . say ellen have fall in with the wrong crowd after she parent accident . she overdose on heroin week ago . and this brody guy , he do time in jail for forgery , illegal gambling . it 's all there . cameron ( read ) I can not believe it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 . sheriff ROBERT not to say I tell you so , but I know something be up with they two . I be gonna round up my boy first thing in the morning and arrest they punk . cameron take a deep breath . cameron good think ... Bob , we have get another problem . I can barely talk about this ... cameron hand sheriff Robert a envelope . the sheriff open it , take out Belle 's letter . cameron ( cont 'd ) him ... brody , whatever he name ... give it to I . they find it in the house ... it 's horrible ... sheriff Robert start read the letter . sheriff ROBERT what the hell be this ? nile do not have no son . it 's a forgery . cameron look at the write . you know who 's write that be . sheriff Robert look as if he be get punch in the gut . sheriff ROBERT I do not know nothing . cameron mama use to spend a lot of time over there . sheriff ROBERT +». do not say it . cameron I be that son ! sheriff ROBERT you better shut up . cameron ask herself if you do not believe you own brother . this whole thing be just awful . sheriff Robert be breathe hard . after a long silence : cameron ( cont ’d ) Bob , I be just as shocked as you be , but I be sure mama will straighten all this out . ( pause ) take it easy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 90. cameron slide out of the car . sheriff Robert turn the engine , pull out . cameron look on as the police cruiser take off . int . nile mansion , hallway - bathroom , night Sarah have lock herself into the bathroom . her face be cover in tear . billy be stand outside in the hallway . billy Sarah . open up ... Sarah reach inside she jeans -jacket . she pull out several bullet and slide they underneath the bathroom door , into the hallway . billy eye widen . he pick up one of the bullet , then check the chamber of the pistol : it 's empty . billy ( cont 'd ) shit. Sarah ... I ... just uhm ... about the gun . there 's no bullet in the chamber ... sarah stay away ! nothing worse than the stench of booze . there be a long pause . nobody know what to say . then : sarah ( cont 'd ) you know , my dad own this car dealership . when sale be up and he be drunk enough , he have run around the house call himself the ' King of Chrysler 's . it be so damn stupid . on weekend he have this business friend over to we house . his '' Inner Circle '' he say . sometimes , around three , four in the morning , he would come bashing into we room and drag we down into the de . first they make we drink and sometimes we have to dance and strip . billy glance at the bullet as he listen closely . sarah ( cont 'd ) dad come up with this idea for a contest . whoever be the most sexy be allow to go back to bed . I be eight , I think . my two sister be older and they have do all kind of thing . I tell you , the stink of liquor and old man , I ’1l1 never forget it . billy I be wrong . I be ... I be sorry . I mean it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 91. sarah listen . Eddie show up out of the blue . I be go to tell you , I swear , but he keep say that he be go to kill we both if I mention he to anybody . there be silence , then : billy we be get outta here first thing in the morning . billy turn and head downstairs . Sarah slowly rise from the floor , pick up a ' load 's syringe from the bathtub edge . she point the needle towards the sink and squeeze the brown liquid down the drain until the plastic be empty . ext . porch of belle' house , night Belle be seat on a rickety porch swing . she speak slowly , on the verge of tear , while confess to sheriff Robert . he be in utter disbelief . sheriff ROBERT my life be not nothing but lie . belle I never want you to find out . sheriff Robert sr. raise both of you , but you be he only true son . I be sorry , but I think it be for you own good . sheriff ROBERT a life build on lie and the only people I have ever trust ... perpetrator . who get the inheritance ? cameron ? belle do not mention that at a time like this ! after all that crazy mean thing that boy say you gotta promise I you will not arrest you brother , you own flesh and blood ? sheriff ROBERT I be not no attorney like my '' brother '' cameron ... but trust I , I be gettin’ to the bottom of this and see what 's what . belle Robert please . you brother do not know ! upset the sheriff exit . int . nile mansion - live room , night billy sit at the dining table , a video tape be place next to the familiar letter - box . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92. the old record player from nile 's bedroom have be move into the live - room . classical music reverberate through the warm , humid night . ext . driveway of nile estate , night a car , headlight shut off , approach the estate . the car come to a stop . the driver 's door slowly open . cu : boot , as somebody walk about the driveway . int . police car , night the police car be park outside Joe 's diner . sheriff Robert sit behind the wheel , silent . Earl be sit next to he . his sixth sense tell he that something be wrong : finally : sheriff ROBERT you know that stuff cause mouth cancer ? earl I be not worried . my dad 's be chew for over forty year . ai not nothing ever happen to he . sheriff Robert shake he head . he hand Earl the fax . sheriff ROBERT the girl at the house be a impersonator . and that billy fella have a list of prior as long as the eye can see . earl you be right all along , boo . it ’1ll be like shootin’ deer in a pen . early study the fax , then turn toward the sheriff and hold up a monogramm belt buckle display a big " C " . earl ( cont 'd ) before I forget . be not this you brother 's ? sheriff ROBERT where do you get that ? earl at Jamie 's cabin . I be out in the wood yesterday , finish up the report . I just happen to take a closer look and there it be . right underneath the bed . sheriff Robert stare at Earl . something click . the sheriff turn the ignition , floor the gas-pedal . Earl spit a huge wad of tobacco out the window , reach into the back seat and retrieve a shotgun . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93. ext . driveway to nile estate , night we pull out revealing cameron , walk towards the house . int . nile 's mansion , night the front door slowly open . cameron enter . billy , still at the table , turn around and see cameron 's silhouette . billy Mr. brogden ? cameron you must be crazy to still be here . billy do you bring the money ? cameron you get the tape ? billy tap with he index finger on the videotape place next to he . cameron cross the room pull out a manila envelope and slide it across the large dining table . billy pick up the envelope look inside : bundle of cash . he pocket the envelope , then shove the tape towards cameron . cameron ( cont ’d ) I hope this be what I come for ? billy you know , the guy in the black mask be kind of extra spooky . he look to be you size and weight . cameron we will discuss you taste in home video entertainment on some other occasion ... cameron quickly stashes the tape into he jacket . cameron ( cont ’d ) I hope you can spend that ten thousand before they arrest you . billy it be you that kill nile . cameron the world be a better place with nile absent from it , trust I on that . billy and I bet you know about we all along ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 94. cameron well , I figure it out pretty quickly . i’ would happen to come across this article about ellen 's parent 's accident . next thing I know , you kid show up here with you hand out , well , it do not exactly look legitimate . you two have everybody in town all work up . kept any kind of suspicion away from I . perfect timing . cameron start to back away . cameron ( cont 'd ) I hang around this dead - end shithole for twenty year . the inheritance be my ticket out . I sweat for it and I will have it . but , hell , I try to be fair to you . I give you and that chippie of yours every chance to run ... but now ... you be go to jail for murder . billy you can not prove I kill the old man , ' cause I do not . cameron no , they get enough evidence that Jamie albright kill he . billy who 's he ? cameron the young fellow who try to retrieve the video . billy you can not link I to ... one of you boyfriend . cameron I do not know . the police be go to find you driver 's license about three foot from where good old Jamie be kill . I call you from he cabin several time , so it 's go to look like ... well , you have be in contact for ... quite a while . billy keep dream . you be not go to see a single dime of nile 's money : sly wheaton have a legal document prove that every cent of the estate be intend for ellen and nobody else . period . cameron you know , billy . you have get ball but no brain . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 95 . cameron ( cont 'd ) sly wheaton have a unfortunate setback tonight . trust I , he will not be processing any more document . legal or otherwise . cameron let this sink in . game over . the music in the background come to a end . cameron ( cont 'd ) now , do you really think I be gonna let you walk out of here with ten big one ... of my money ? cameron whip out a pearl handle pistol , aim , but billy be ready : he fire he - Edward 's - gun at cameron from underneath the table . cameron dive into the darkness of the live room . look for he pistol , cameron glimpsis at he hip : blood . plenty of it . cameron ( cont 'd ) fucker ... ext . nile mansion , night the patrol car , headlight off , slowly approach the nile house . sheriff Robert spot cameron 's 4 x4 and draw he pistol . Earl alongside , the sheriff march towards the porch . Earl notice the open barn - door , motion to he boss . int . barn , night sheriff Robert and Earl enter . the sheriff turn on the overhead light . Earl peek inside the cadillac : nothing . cu : earl 's boot , as he step into a puddle of blood . Earl look down , remain calm . sheriff Robert and Earl exchange look , move toward the trunk . traces of blood cover the hood . Earl step aside and reach inside the car . cu : trunk cadillac . the hood pop open . sheriff Robert and Earl stare at a body wrap up in bloody sheet . Earl pull out a switchblade knife and start cut along the wire . he pull back a piece of the cloth to reveal : cu : edward bloody head . a gruesome sight . sheriff ROBERT God all mighty . both turn as they hear gun shot come from the main building . cu : edward bloody head . his eye be twitching . int . nile mansion - dine room , night billy move in for the kill , but cameron manage to get a hold of he pistol and shoot . billy be hit in the leg . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96. he dive underneath the dining - room table and keep shoot away with cameron '' answer '' . window shatter . a picture of ellen and uncle nile be riddled with bullet , crash to the floor . another round graze billy 's arm . billy drop the pistol as he dive toward the kitchen . kitchen billy hit the linoleum floor . silence follow . staircase Sarah slowly move down the main staircase . she spot billy 's gun , carefully pick it up . dine -room cameron reload he pistol , then watchfully rise from behind a easy - chair and disappear into the dark . kitchen cu : billy , breathe hard , crawl backwards look about the kitchen . nobody in sight . he check he pocket make sure that the envelope contain the money do not get lose . ext . nile mansion , night sheriff Robert tiptoe alongside the mansion , he gun draw . int . nile mansion , night we hear the SOUND of a gun be cocked . billy turn , gaze down the barrel of cameron 's pistol . cameron checkmate . game 's over . suddenly , another SOUND of a gun be cocked . cameron turn . Sarah be aim at cameron . cameron ( cont 'd ) silly I . I forget all about you . dragging he right leg , cameron limp toward Sarah . sarah I will pull the trigger . Sarah pull the trigger . the gun fire nick cameron 's ear . cameron keep move , swatting the blood from he ear . cameron you little junkie whore ... she pull the trigger again click . click , click . nothing . cameron smile . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97. he grab Sarah by she hair , throw she hard onto the floor . billy and Sarah huddle up to one another . cameron point . cameron ( cont ’d ) who want to go first ? cu : sheriff ROBERT , as he step onto the scene , target cameron . sheriff ROBERT hold it right there ... cameron swiftly turn , aim he gun at he brother . cameron Bob ? Jesus Christ , what the hell do you think they be do ? sheriff ROBERT I be here to arrest this two for criminal fraud , trespasp , identity theft and a dozen other thing ... cameron then how come you be point you pistol at I ? sheriff ROBERT look like you be gonna have some question to answer yourself . put the gun down cameron . cameron Robert , just turn around , walk away and pretend you never drive up here . I be take care of the two hoodlum . sheriff ROBERT you mean besides be a hot shot attorney you be take over my job too ? what 's leave for I then , cameron ? cameron I be dig in here Bobby , go home , please ! sheriff ROBERT put the gun do .... cameron calmly fire . eye fill with disbelief , the sheriff go down : almost simultaneously . cu : long double barrel . bang !! cameron 's head explode into piece . blood , brain everywhere . Sarah scream . billy dive to hold she . Earl lower he rifle , take off he sun glass '' dirty Harry '' style . he rush to the sheriff and examine the wound . sheriff Robert slowly regains consciousness . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 98. earl ai not that bad , boss . ai not bad at all . i’1l have a ambulance here in no time . ( look at billy and Sarah ) ) what do you want I to do with they two misfit ? sheriff Robert hesitates , then : sheriff ROBERT let ‘em go Earl . earl what ? sheriff ROBERT they x11 wind up behind bar or in the obituary page without we lift a finger . Earl do he best version of a sombre thoughtful nod . he look over at billy and Sarah . earl go on . you hear the sheriff . get movin’ . with Sarah 's help , billy pull himself together . the two quietly exit . fade to black : int . motel - somewhere in the south , day cu : shower head , as water pour down on Sarah . Sarah emerge from the bathroom , wear she summer dress , a towel wrap around she head . billy wake up , rub he eye . sarah how're you feel ? you have be sleep forever . Sarah move over to the bed and sit next to billy . he peak at the bandage cover he arm and he leg , frown . billy you do that ? sarah yep . he kiss she . Sarah respond tenderly . sarah ( cont 'd ) it will do for now . but you gotta see a doctor . billy nod , look around the room . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 99 . billy sure . you see my jacket somewhere ? sarah its in car . billy I get a surprise . I think you gonna like it . ext . motel , day limp , billy step out of the motel room . he look about the parking lot . except he convertible , there be no other car in sight . billy spot a ice cream machine close to the front office . he check he change . ext . motel , front -office , day cu : large button , be push . second later , a wrap ice cream bar spiral down the dispenser . billy pick up the freeze treat , then slowly cross towards he car . ext . motel , parking - lot , day cu : car-door . billy open the door and grab he jacket from the backseat . he check the inside pocket , pull out the cash envelope we see earlier . cu : trunk -lock . billy turn the key , open the trunk lid . he reach deep inside the trunk . amidst the junk inside be the break flamingo sculpture from nile basement . he slam the hood shut , carry the weird look flamingo . nothing but the sound of traffic in the distance . at the door the door be slightly ajar . billy give the door a gentle kick , it sway open . he step inside . the room appear empty . billy hey , remember at stanley , when I ask you about you favorite ice cream ? check this out ... I bring along a keepsake from the plantation ... he hold the ice cream bar , put the flamingo down . there 's no answer . something be not right . billy ( cont ’d ) Sarah ? a gush of wind go through the room . curtain blow , door swing . a series of quick cut follow : cu : sarah 's reflection in a mirror on the bathroom door . edward be large hand cover she mouth . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 . whip - pan to cu : billy , as he spot Sarah 's reflection . he whirl he head back to the parking lot , stare at a car at the far end of the parking - lot . it 's the cadillac . whip - pan to cu : a cocked gun , push into billy 's cheek . wide : the scene unfold . billy stand inside the room . keeping billy at gunpoint , Edward step out of the corner of the room , toss Sarah onto the bed . edward Ice cream ? what flavor ? Edward take the ice cream out of billy 's hand , lick the bar . a split second later he pistol whip billy . billy fall onto the floor , as Edward slam the front - door close . int . motel , day Edward be not a pretty sight , but unmistakably he clean himself up since spend time inside the trunk of the cadillac . his clothes be several size too big , obviously steal . his injure eye be hide behind a eye patch . hurled up in the corner of the room , billy be lean on Sarah 's shoulder . Edward pull out a small plastic container , tear off the lid with he tooth and start chew away on several pain killer . edward I know ... I look terrible . have to borrow some clothes , and what not ... but all thing consider not a bad comeback , what do say , Sarah ? I even find myself a nice 38 along the way ...oh ... one piece of advice : billy , next time you be on the run , do not ever park a fuck up car like yours along a highway . might as well put a balloon with a for sale sign on it . Edward pull out a pint of liquor from he jacket , wash the pill down . edward ( cont ’d ) tell I , billy Boy . you get any money for I ? billy hesitates . he take out the envelope from he jacket , throw it on the bed . billy ten grand 's all I get out of that friggin’ lawyer . a grotesque grin come across Edwards face . he quickly cross the room , grab billy by he shirt and pull he away from Sarah . Edward stick the barrel of the 38 . into billy 's mouth . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 101. edward how come I do not believe you ... you lie motherfucker ? Edward cock the gun . edward ( cont ’d ) where be the rest ? billy , shaking with fear , mutter something incomprehensible . Edward slowly remove the pistol from bill mouth , keep the barrel point at he . billy you can turn the place upside down . that 's all there be , I swear . Edward step back and sit down on the bed . he take the envelope and start count the bill . edward thief like you invest all that time baby sit little Sarah and ten measly grand 's all you get to show for ? billy , that 's about five cent on every dollar you owe I . that 's not good . not good at all . sarah billy ... what 's he talk about ? edward go ahead , tell she . billy stay silent while Edward keep count the dollar note . sarah tell I what ? edward you see Sarah , you boyfriend sell a half a kilo of my dope to pay he gambling debt . turn out that billy 's buyer just happen to be a acquaintance of mine ... get the picture ? well , I nice guy that I be , instead of chopping he good for nothing head off , I let he have a chance to redeem himself . all he have to do be give you a help hand collect you look - alike 's fortune . Sarah baby , you follow ? you look confuse . you be set up , you understand ? Sarah stare at billy in disbelief . sarah I need a cigarette . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 102. Edward pull out a pack of smoke and throw the cigarettes toward Sarah . Close to a nervous breakdown , she light up . billy take the money and let we go . Edward raise he voice . edward get yourself a little romance in the work , billy ? can not blame you , I take a joyride myself with that sweet pumpkin . and boy , do she have a surprise waitin’ and I be not talk about strawberry ice cream . sorry folk , there be not gonna be no happy end ... ' cause the both of you make one very bad mistake . billy what 's that ? Edward move toward billy and Sarah , clinch he fist . edward I get hurt real bad and I be really ... ( search for the word ) ... piss off . suddenly , Edward be strike by a terrifying wave of rage . he pick up the whiskey bottle and throw it against the wall . the bottle smashes into piece , the liquor drench the carpet . he strike billy with he gun across the face . billy cry out in pain . sarah stop it !! Sarah throw she arm up , attempt to hit Edward . the light cigarette go up in the air , then hit the alcohol - drench carpet . the carpet ignites . Edward punch she into the stomach . Sarah fall to the ground , groan , cough . edward you wanna to kill I , baby ? well , you do not know what you be do . forget to make sure to kill I dead ! let I show you how its do ... Edward point he gun at billy . billy 's eye drift towards the flame . for a snip of a moment Edward turn around , see the blaze go up the wall behind he . billy take advantage , jump up and tackle Edward . viciously fight , both man fall onto the bed while the fire spread around they . Sarah , come to , look on in horror . cu : glass top , night - stand , as it crash , leave large piece of glass spread about the carpet . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 103. meanwhile , the fight continue . despite he injury Edward appear to gain the upper hand as he slowly push the gun towards billy 's chest . billy , helplessly , stare into Edward 's face . cu : edward face , twitching with pleasure . suddenly , he grimace with pain . Sarah , a large piece of glass in both hand repeatedly thrust the sharp object into Edward 's back . finally , she stabbing - frenzy come to a end , Edward stumble backwards . as if that be not '' enough '' , Sarah spot the flamingo with its break off leg , expose a metal rood . she grab the sculpture and plant the stake- like pole deep into Edwards chest , leave the flamingo stand tall . Sarah shout : sarah Dead enough for you , asshole ? in the meantime , most of the room , include the money , be consume by fire . billy take Sarah 's hand and pull she out the front door . ext . motel , day the couple come dash out the room . a dark cloud of smoke follow they . the twosome run toward the convertible . moment later the car take off , leave the burn motel and Edward behind . dissolve to : ext . highway , yellow convertible , night billy be at the wheel . Sarah peek into the dark . both look pale and tired . a long silence . then : sarah so , be it all true , what he say ? billy stare into the night ahead . billy it be my only chance to get out . so , I go along . Sarah be almost amused by how disappoint it all be . sarah they must have have a school to train you to lie as much as you do . billy I want to tell you everything a million time . but I ... I do not want to loose you ... ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 104 . billy ( cont 'd ) somehow in my fuck - up head I keep think that once I find a way around the lawyer , we would be set up for life , and how it start would not matter . it 's a bad gambler 's habit : you need a lucky streak so bad you get convinced it 's gotta come . sarah you really want I to believe that ? billy pull over onto the shoulder of the highway . there be silence as the engine idle calmly . then : billy Sarah , there be no excuse for what I do , but , if I would have know about ... what he do to you , I would have kill that monster a long time ago . Sarah look ahead with a strange calm . sarah --. he lie . nothing happen . ( beat ) you x11 never know how sad it feel when a guy say just what you want to hear but none of it 's true . every kiss , every look ... nothing but a fairy - tale . billy but it be true . Sarah half - laugh , half cry at he say that . sarah how do you get off say that ? billy I be in love with you from the first moment I walk into stanley 's . no matter what else I say , no matter what else I do , that be always true . it still be . billy pull out a roll up canvas from the back seat and hand it to Sarah . sarah what be it ? billy remember the painting ? sarah the one above the fireplace . billy yeah . I want you to have it . apparently it 's worth around a hundred K. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 105 . billy ( cont 'd ) you can start fresh , forget about I . I be a bad seed , just like Eddie say . Sarah be exhaust , not sure of herself . then : sarah you know what ? screw Eddie . billy manage a smile , as the car disappear into the night . the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library