rush hour original screenplay by Ross lamanna fade in : ext . los angele - day the whole dysfunctional megalopolis , beige and blurry in the summer smog . if this be the american dream , do I a favor and wake I up . ext . lax - day the traffic loop outside the terminal be gridlock -- mostly with stretch limousine . int . lax - ( include news report montage ) - day Inside , the airport be do up with festive poster , streamer and banner : welcome - Pacific partner summit a planeload of cheerful chinese delegete come into the crowded terminal . some sport red t-shirt with a picture of mao wear mickey mouse ear . they get onto the people mover , pass by a tv reporter : reporter ( to tv camera ) eager to mend its tarnish image , Los Angeles have really put out the welcome mat for tomorrow 's summit . the city promise quite a party as leader from Japan , China , South Korea , Australia , the U.S. and other begin talk for the large free-trade treaty in history . the scene change to tape of delegete from other country arrive . then , we see massive security preparation all around the city . reporter ( vo ) ( continue ) the one sour note be North Korea , the only Pacific rim country not participate . there be rumor of secret meeting with North Korean representative , but U.S. official insist the North must first hold democratic election , and halt its nuclear weapon program -- as they claim to have do back in 1995 . we CUT to a heat debate in the UN security council . then artillery FIRE over the Korean dmz . the scene return to lax . reporter ( vo ) ( continue ) tension remain high since last year 's skirmish between North Korea and the U.S . so any chance of the communist North join the Pacific partner seem highly unlikely . dissolve to : ext . fremont place - day a exclusive , wall - off section of hancock Park . there 's only one route in and out , past a manned guardhouse on wilshire . ext . NORTH korean consulate - day a Colonial - style mansion , surround by a impose , wringht - iron fence . there be a bronze plaque , in English and Korean , next to the entranceway : Consulate of the Democratic people 's Republic of Korea the driveway gate open and a long , black mercede with tinted window and diplomatic license plate glide out . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day a alert North Korean corporal watch the perimeter monitor . he push a switch to close the gate behind the mercede . ext . utility pole - olympic blvd - day from atop a pole outside the south wall , a man with binocular overlook the private street of fremont place . he Pov - through binoculars as the mercede cruise through the quiet neighborhood . back to scene the man , paul javal , be thirtyish , nervous ; with short , sandy hair . he take the binocular away from he face and we see he eye -- they be a strange , unnaturally light gray . javal take a orange pill from a unlabel prescription bottle and pop it into he mouth . he climb down the pole to a van with a phone company logo on it . ext . wilshire blvd - day the mercede come out of the fremont place gate , and turn into the heavy morning traffic . int . mercede - ( moving shot ) - day it be extremely quiet , due to inch-thick glass on the window and 4000 pound of armor plate on the car 's chassis . the driver be a North Korean Army Major . on the seat beside he be a amd - 74 , a 5.45x39 mm - caliber machine gun . a hand from the back seat dart between the front seat and turn on the radio to a rock station . the Driver turn it off . new angle the hand belong to 10 - year - old SAM ke han . Sam sit back and sigh to he sister , joy ( 15 ) . between they sit a middle - age scandinavian governess . SAM I can not stand it -- half a hour to get to the stupid school every morning ... with no music ... ( Korean ; subtitle ) [ just we damn nanny ...] ext . crenshaw blvd - day javal 's van , also with tinted window , turn onto crenshaw . it follow the mercede , several car behind it . int . javal be van - ( moving shot ) - day javal , wire , drum on the steering wheel while drive . he glance at some expertly construct , radio- control remote unit sit on the seat next to he . ext . santa monica freeway - day traffic be move at about 35 mph . the mercede merge onto the freeway , head west . javal 's van follow . the thumping of a rap song rattles the other driver ' filling as a lowrider with its stereo turn up to " 11 " cruise by . int . mercede - ( moving shot ) - day even 500 watt of bass can not penetrate the armored silence . the Driver scan the road , wary but sense no danger . he put on he blinker to take the 405 South exit . ext . santa monica freeway - day the van follow , now directly behind the mercede , in a procession of vehicle go up the long , curve overpass arcing 100 foot above the 10 , toward the 405 . int . javal be van - ( moving shot ) - day as they approach the crest of the overpass , javal flip a switch on he radio-control unit ... close - road surface of overpass six small semicircle , exact replica of the stay-alert bump on the white line of the overpass , explode . they spew hundred of sharp , triangular nail across the roadway . immediately , score of tire on pass car blow out ... wider cause , 50 yard ahead of the mercede and van , the most hellacious , gut - wrenching , piss - your-pant , chain - reaction pile - up you can imagine . dozen of driver lose control of they vehicle ... sideswipe they neighbor ... grind against the guard rail . some fishtail into 180' , smash headlong into the traffic still come onto the overpass . brake squeal , people scream , metal crumple , airbag deploy , glass shatter . and then it get really nasty ... a Honda get jamme under a truck haul cinder block . the truck jackknife , tipping over like a drunken giant . it smashes through the concrete wall and guard rail ... along with several car and they scream occupant , sweep over the edge by the truck like discard soda can . they plummet through space , crashing onto the freeway below . int . mercede - ( moving shot ) - day Sam , Joy , and the governess brace themselves as the Driver slam on the brake . he barely avoid hit anything . driver ( Korean ) [ stay in the car . ] ext . freeway overpass - day a nightmare scene of smoke , twisted wreck , daze victim . the mercede and van sit motionless in the back - up traffic . int . / ext . javal be van &amp ; roadway - day javal slide open a trap door on the floor of the van . he slip a wheeled , mechanic 's repair platform through it . angle with javal as , unnotice amid the chaos , he lie on the platform and roll under the mercede . the undercarriage of the mercede be armored with steel . javal stop at a patch of perforation -- a air exchange vent . he attaches a slim device over the vent , flip a switch on it , then roll back toward the van . int . mercede - day oblivious to javal 's action below they , everyone watch as police and news helicopter circle above . then , some chp motorcycle straddle the lane and zoom by . int . javal be van - day sweating , javal sit back in the driver 's seat and check another radio unit . work . ext . freeway overpass - day the chp have clear a path through the devastation , and traffic trickle through . as the mercede and the van pass by , javal look proudly at the misery he 's wringht . he follow the mercede onto the 405 south . int . javal be van - ( moving shot ) - day javal drive behind the mercede , with one hand on the radio unit . the mercede signal to take the Venice exit . javal finger the radio unit , itching to use it ... but he pass by the mercede as it get off the freeway . insert angle - under the mercede javal 's device be armed , and wait ... fade to : ext . sierra bonita avenue - carson' house - night a pretty street in the Miracle mile , line with neat , single - family home . time sprinkler system water some of the yard . every house on the block except the one we be in front of have a " for sale " sign on the lawn . from the weathered look of the sign , they have be there for quite a while . int . carson' house - bedroom - night it 's a hot night . the ceiling fan above the bed spin slowly . pete carson toss restlessly in bed , the sheet half - cover he . next to he he wife , miranda knoll , snore contentedly . carson be in he late thirty , outdoorsy , with a tight , muscular build . emotionally he 's tightly - wound as well . miranda be 35 , raven-haire , sensible , pretty . she believe above all else that one should never raise one 's voice . carson groan ... he 's dreaming ... CUT to : ext . beverly drive - ( carson' dream ) - day Quick , silent image : a street cordon off with police tape . cop , swat team , FBI surround beverly thrift , a bank . carson , young , hair short , sit in a FBI command truck across from the bank . cover the mouthpiece of the phone in he hand , he 's argue with the other agent in the truck . suddenly , a huge , fiery explosion blow out the front of the bank building . horrify , carson run toward it ... CUT to : int . carson' house - bedroom and hallway - night carson be snap awake by a car alarm go off outside . carson Son of a bitch ! he bolt out of bed , wear nothing but a pair of stripe bikini brief . miranda roll over , sleepy , unconcern ... miranda Pete ... please ... we have to be up early tomorrow . call the police . carson yeah , right . he race down the hall -- right past the house alarm keypad , its lcd read " armed . " he grab a aluminum baseball bat from the umbrella stand . forgetting to disarm the house alarm , he yank the front door open . the house alarm begin shrieking . carson ( continue ) shit ! miranda pull the pillow over she head and sigh . miranda not again ... ext . carson' house - night carson come around to the driveway , which be illuminate by the streetlight -- where two 20 - ish asshole be sit in he 1965 mustang convertible , they presence courtesy of a huge cut they have make in the otherwise - perfect ragtop . car-theft tool in a leather case between they , they be pry the ignition switch out of the dashboard . asshole # 1 spot carson . he get out of the car , wield a crowbar . his partner keep work . new angle asshole # 1 lunge viciously , swiping at carson with the crowbar , take a piece out of he side . carson start bleeding profusely , but he 's too piss to notice . carson use he bat to take the offensive . they go at each other like combatant in a swordfight , the clanking of metal echoing through the neighborhood along with the scream house and car alarm , and frantic neighborhood dog . surprise at carson 's fury and strength , asshole # 1 back onto the lawn , oblivious to the run sprinklers . as he back away , he shoe catch on one of the sprinkler head . it break off , and a huge geyser of water spray out . carson hold he bat in both hand and jam the front of it into asshole # 1 's breadbasket . he double over . carson grab asshole # 1's arm , and pull it quickly against he raise knee . there be a SNAP and a loud howl as the arm break , and carson toss he aside . see this , asshole # 2 give up on the car . he take off toward the street . carson run to head he off , but he 's a lot faster in he Air jordan than carson be in he bare foot . wider carson grab the metal lid from a garbage can at the curb and fling it like a huge frisbee . it sail across the street -- and nail asshole # 2 's head . he kiss the pavement , stunne . carson run up and grab he , but he pull out a long , sharp screwdriver and jab at carson with it . then , blue flash light appear from around the corner : a westec chevy blazer . two uniform guard get out , and fumble with they sidearm . westec guard everybody ... chill ! bikini boy ! on the ground ! asshole # 2 be still try to gouge carson with the screwdriver . carson glare at the dopey Guards . carson asshole be try to boost my car ! angle across STREET carson 's fiftyish , black , next - door neighbor , wear pajamas and a robe , come out of he house . carson see he . carson Mike -- call 911 ! neighbor be try ... ( have a cordless phone ) it 's busy . ( to Guards ; be carson ) he 's the good guy , you schumck . the Guards seem to get it . without warning , one take out a taser and zap asshole # 2 . carson let go just in time . closer holding he bleed side , carson walk back to he house . he notice the " Neighborhood watch " sign have graffiti spray - paint on it . he touch it -- the paint be still wet . his neighbor shrug -- whatta ya gonna do ? the paper guy drive by ... and toss carson 's newspaper right under the gush sprinkler . carson I hate this fuckin ' town . ext . NORTH korean consulate - establishing - day int . NORTH korean consulate - upstair bathroom - day Joy be stand on the toilet , blow cigarette smoke into the exhaust fan . someone knock on the door . she flick the cigarette into the toilet , put a zippo lighter in she pocket . int . NORTH korean consulate - hallway - day Joy open the bathroom door . Sam be stand there , grin . joy there be six bathroom in this house , Sam . SAM ( fan the air ) but only one with a smoking section . she quickly close the door behind she . Sam laugh . int . NORTH korean consulate - dine room - day Sam and Joy sit at the table . ambassador han and mrs . han be have breakfast : radish soup , kimchi and grill fish . ambassador han read through the morning 's fax communiquÈs . he 's 43 , rarely smile , and hate live in the U.S. he 's dress in a impeccably - tailore , valentino two - piece suit . Mrs. han be slender , soft -spoken , but as iron-willed as she husband . she , however , be quick to smile . she 's wear a summery dress with a white sweater over she shoulder . ambassador han pull the front of Sam 's shirt to reveal the " nirvana " logo on he T-shirt . ambassador han ( Korean ) [ go change . ] ambassador han 's x-ray stare turn to Joy . ambassador han ( continue ) [ you smell like a fireplace . ] a butler appear with a phone . he whisper to Mrs. han . mrs . han it 's the governess ... ( into phone ) hello , hilda ... cutaway - close on governess as she speak into a cellular phone . she 's extremely nervous . we can not see she surroundings . governess ( through phone ) Mrs. han ... I be very sick today ... int . NORTH korean consulate - dine room - day mrs . han ( into phone ) we will see you next week ... ( hang up ; smile to kid ) it appear I will be take you to school . int . javal be van - day in the back of he van , javal pat the governess ' hand . javal very good . you may go now ... he speak with a slight accent , french , perhaps . he pop a orange pill , then unlatch the rear door of the van . with a quick glance back at he , she go to open the door . javal grab a plastic tarp and throw it over the governess ' upper body . he put he arm across she neck , flick open a gravity knife and plunge it through the tarp , into she chest . he drop she on the floor of the van and fastidiously wipe a small smudge of blood from he hand with a handkerchief . int . carson' house - bathroom and bedroom - day carson step out of the shower . he look exhaust . towel off , he go into the bedroom , where miranda be riding a exercise bike , listen to music on headphone and read the sprinkler - soak newspaper , all while watch the tv . angle on tv a perky blonde traffic reporter , bobbi marchfelder , talk to we from a local news copter . bobbi ( on tv ) ... good morning , summit Day ! it 's gonna be the Super bowl , the 4th of July , the Olympic and woodstock all roll into one ! all over town there will be parade , concert , rally , festival ... so get out there everyone , but plan you drive - time accordingly ! this be bobbi marchfelder , you Eye in the Sky ... we CUT to the White House lawn , where the president be about to board a helicopter . morning anchor ( vo ) ( on tv ) the President be on he way ... president ( on tv ) ... it 's a honor host my fellow leader in Los Angeles , the capitol city of the Pacific rim ... we CUT back to the studio and the morning anchor . morning anchor ( on tv ) we will see the menu for Mayor Simpson 's brentwood barbecue , right after this ... we CUT to a musical montage of preparation for the event around town . back to scene as the music swell , carson turn the tv off . miranda I be watch that . carson if I hear one more Beach boy song , I will shoot myself . miranda point at the headphone -- she can not hear he . carson ( continue ; while smile ) I say , if we be have sex once in a while , you would not need to ride that fuck bike every morning . miranda ( have not hear a thing ) be right with you ... as carson dress , we get a look at they bedroom -- miranda 's nightstand have two neat stack of periodicals on it , with Los Angeles magazine and psychology today on the top of they . carson 's nightstand be overflow with book and magazine about other city and state : wonderland Washington ; magnificent Oregon ; welcome to North Carolina . " int . / ext . carson' house - patio &amp ; kitchen - day miranda , dress in a conservative skirt , jacket , black shoe , be out on the patio . her breakfast -- a bowl of fruit and wheat germ -- sit on the patio table while she water some sickly - look rose bushes in a planter . carson , dress in shirt and tie , look beat , fries a steak and three egg in butter . he come outside with he breakfast and a magazine article : " american expatriate in New Zealand . " miranda ( look he over ) have you get any sleep lately ? carson ( ignore the question ) shop 's gonna tow the car in -- goddamn ignition 's trash . miranda take mine . I will ride in with Diane . carson watch as she carefully pick the dead leave off the rise bush . carson you ask I , that sucker be a lose cause . she continue , then glance at the article carson be read . miranda it 's not for you . carson you mean it 's not for you . miranda I do not chase car thief in my underwear . c'mon , you would die of boredom if we ever sell this house and move . carson I would die of shock , from find anyone dumb enough to buy the place . even for what it 's worth now . miranda lot of people buy at the top of the market ... carson that sure cheer I right up . miranda I do not know why we even talk about it . the city 's not the problem . so we move . it would not matter . what 's that say : " wherever you go , there you be . " carson just look at she . reaching for the salt , he wince from the cut in he side . miranda ( continue ) I hope you be current on you tetanus booster . be it worth it ? carson one cut ... two asshole in the hospital ... yep . carson glance at he watch and get up . carson ( continue ) well , another day of baby -sitting my favorite bunch of people ... he grab a bianchi shoulder holster with a sig -sauer p - 229 , 9 mm pistol , strap it on , then pull on a blue windbreaker . emblazon on the back be large yellow letter : FBI . miranda ask for a transfer . carson they be not gonna transfer I . you know damn well why I be bump down to guard duty ... ( as he 's leave ) my outstanding people skill . miranda try to return to tend she rose . but instead , she sadly watch he go . ext . carson' house - day a look of sorrow cross carson 's face as he watch some young kide laugh and shove , get onto a school bus . he then glance at he wounded mustang , park in the street . he spot something on the windshield : a pink parking ticket . the parking sign above the graffiti-stain Neighborhood watch sign read : Street Cleaning - Friday 8-10 am . carson I hate this fuckin ' town . carson chirp open miranda 's car : a red volvo 960 . as he pull away , we see a bumper sticker on the car : a circle and slash through cartoon weapon on one side , cartoon teddy bear on the other , and " arm be for hugging " in between . ext . NORTH korean consulate - day the Driver back the mercede out of the garage behind the Consulate . we notice there be another mercede park inside . Mrs. han , Sam and Joy come outside . they hear some heartfelt swearing : angry voice ( os ) goddamn limey overpriced piece a shit ... there Pov in the driveway across the street , a man in a business suit have he head under the hood of a brand - new jaguar convertible . the jag owner 's 15 - year-old , blonde daughter , lisa , sit in the car with she schoolbook in she lap . joy turn to Mrs. han : joy can we give Lisa a ride ? int . / ext . mercede - day it pull into the driveway across the street . the jag owner be still swearing mightily . Lisa climb into the mercede . lisa hey , Joy ... Sam ... Joy roll the window up and the SOUND of cursing disappear . lisa ( continue ) excellent -- I can not hear he ! SAM ( rap on window ) the glass be a inch thick . ( point to door , roof ) armor-plate . bulletproof . bomb - proof . lisa perfect car for L.A. ( look back at she dad ) start , too . ext . crenshaw blvd - day as the mercede travel its usual route down crenshaw , javal 's van begin follow it . insert angle - under the mercede where javal 's device be attach , still wait ... ext . NORTH korean consulate - day a dark - green government dodge pull up and park behind one just like it on a paved area near the Consulate gate . dave juarez , ( chubby , 40 , mexican - american , a desk jockey ) get out of the dodge and hang a FBI shield over he top pocket . he glance over at North Korean Security Chief colonel lee , ( 45 ) , who have pause inside the gate to regard Dave , and the outside world , with profound contempt . Dave , attach '' case in one hand and notebook computer in the other , walk to a 10 - by - 15 detach guardhouse on the far corner of the property , just outside the high fence . int . FBI guardhouse - NORTH korean consulate - day Inside be two desk and four chair , a console of communication equipment , a microwave and a Mr. coffee . Dave enter . two FBI agent , finish they shift , gather they belonging : robbins ( late 20' ; male ; thinning hair ) and sabatini , ( early 30' ; cute ; dark , bobbe hair ; female ) . they wear blue FBI blazer and have standard - FBI - issue 10 mm heckler &amp ; koch mp - 5 machine pistol in oversize shoulder rig . Dave be in civilian clothes , and be not armed . robbins yo , Dave the Computer man ! actually escape the office ! dave I be doin ' field upgrade . give them a chance to hose out my cage . he glance through the window at Colonel Lee . dave ( continue ) who 's the fuckin ' gargoyle ? robbins they Chief of Security , Colonel Lee . sabatini make the jerk - off sign with she hand . sabatini " chuckle , " as we be inclined to call he . ( yawn ; flop in a chair ) friggin ' graveyard shift ... robbins Love to know what dope make it the Bureau 's job to give full - time protection to foreign consulate . ( offer coffee to Dave ) Cup a mud ? dave not if you make it . why do not you get sabatini to brew the java ? she 's the alleged chick . sabatini blow I . dave where 's carson ? sabatini on he way . some creep try to rip off he mustang last night . ( beat ; solemnly ) they cut the ragtop . dave motherfucker ... Dave take three pcmcia computer card from he attach '' case . dave ( continue ) latest and great . wireless network link -up . sabatini whoa , slow down , I be gonna pee . robbins I , too . dave ingrate . ext . crenshaw blvd - day the van drive in the lane alongside the mercede . int . javal be van - ( moving shot ) - day humming , javal drive with one hand , while tapping with he other on the top of the radio-controlled remote box . ext . crenshaw blvd - day as they approach the light at Washington Blvd , just turn yellow , javal 's van get in front of the mercede . they lane stop for the red light . a fruit vendor hold a bag of orange walk from car to car . javal slip the van into neutral and let it roll back until he rear bumper tap gently against the mercede ' front bumper . int . mercede - include Pov through rear view mirror - day the Driver hit the horn . the van do not move . the Driver glance in the rear-view : there 's a Jeep Cherokee tight on he tail , and the black lady in it be busy deal with a carpool full of 8 - year - old kide . the Driver look at Mrs. han , who 's peer out the side window , fascinate by the African - american - theme storefront . they be all festoon with summit-relate banner , and shop owner be prepare for a community sidewalk bazaar . Sam , bored , stuff several piece of gum into he mouth . int . javal be van - same javal flip the switch on he radio-controlled remote . insert under the mercede , the device javal plant there begin to emit thick , white cs tear gas . int . mercede - day the gas pour in through the ventilation system . everyone inside start cough and choke uncontrollably . the Driver grab he amd - 74 machine gun and pop the door lock . ext . crenshaw blvd - day the Driver , Mrs. han , Joy , Sam and Lisa pile out of the car . jittering with excitement , fear and speed , javal hop out of he van , hold a benelli m - 1 , a semi-automatic shotgun . he shoot the Driver in the chest . the blast from the shotgun muzzle , however , be unlike anything we have ever see before : it be blindingly bright , even in broad daylight , belching a huge cluster of glow , white - hot magnesium . the Driver fly back against the mercede , emptying he machine gun into the air . the wound in he chest be full of burning magnesium shrapnel . wider the other driver in the intersection see this and go completely nut . some duck for cover under they dashboard . other peel away . a few collide with oncoming traffic . the carpool Lady in the Cherokee push the kid down on the floor . the fruit vendor hide by roll under a car . Sam and Joy be incapacitate by tear - gas cough fit . Mrs. han stumble toward they , try to get they to run away . javal punch she , knock she down . he turn to Lisa , surprised to see she . sweating , he point the shotgun at she ... almost pull the trigger ... then notice Mrs. han 's expression of horror and think the better of it . he spot a motorist in a Ford escort , peer cautiously over he dashboard to get a look at the action . javal shoot the motorist through the windshield with another bright , searing blast of magnesium . the motorist and the entire front of he car burst into flame . Mrs. han be on she knee , sobbing . javal grab she by the arm and pull she to the back of the van . he open the door . javal you see that I be serious in my intention , yes ? ( she nod ) if you cooperate , you and you child will be home for dinner tonight . he tighten he grip on she . she nod again , then look at the kid . javal shove she , Sam , Joy and Lisa into the van . int . javal be van - day he grab three pair of handcuffs off a C -shape bar weld on both end to the inside of the van . he handcuffs one of Mrs. han 's arm , pass the chain through the bar , then handcuffs the other . he do the same with Sam ; then handcuffs one of Joy 's arm , pass the chain through and attaches the other handcuff to Lisa . javal hop in he seat and drive away on Washington . ext . crenshaw blvd - day several people , include the carpool Lady , rush over to the Driver , who lie dead and smoldering on the ground . his hand be halfway inside he bloody pants pocket , hold a small plastic card with the Consulate 's phone number on it . ext . NORTH korean consulate - day Colonel Lee and a North Korean Army officer come run out . another officer start up a car in the back of the house . int . FBI guardhouse - NORTH korean consulate - day robbin and sabatini see the commotion and go to investigate . Dave follow . ext . NORTH korean consulate - day ambassador han run out . he have a stricken look on he face . colonel lee ( Korean ; to ambassador han ) [ you must stay here . ] ambassador han nod . the FBI agent run up . to they : ambassador han someone take my family ! the agent look at each other -- holy shit ! Colonel Lee 's car screech to a stop . sabatini stand in front of it . sabatini you get no jurisdiction outside this property ! Colonel Lee shove a big , ugly Tokorev 7.62x25 mm - caliber pistol in she face as he 's open the car door . sabatini ( continue ) shit ! ( to ambassador han ) yank he fuckin ' leash ! ambassador han my man be go ! Colonel Lee jump into the car and it screech away , almost run sabatini over . ambassador han ( continue ; to sabatini ) it 's a white telephone van , drive west on Washington boulevard . the agent rush back to they guardhouse . Dave 's government dodge be block theirs . robbins key ! Dave toss they to robbin . sabatini shove Dave into the back seat . he look at she , dumbfounded . sabatini you be ridin ' shotgun . int . dave' dodge - ( moving shot ) - day Dave be throw against the back of the seat by the acceleration . robbins cherry ? dave under the seat . sabatini grab the red flash light , put it on the dashboard . robbins sire ? dave I do not know ! I be never in a fuckin ' hurry ..! ext . fremont place - day just as they race out of fremont place past the guard gate , carson , in miranda 's volvo , come in on the other side . int . carson' volvo - ( moving shot ) - day carson see the agent in the dodge and floor the volvo . he fishtail , make a u-turn . he straddle the lane on wilshire to pull up next to they . all the car in front of they swerve to clear out of the way . he roll down he window . sabatini shout over to he : sabatini someone snatch han 's family ! White phone van , westbound on Washington ! carson look like he 's be punch in the stomach . carson give I a secure radio ! sabatini take a small two - way motorola radio out of she pocket and throw it through she window to carson . drop it in he lap , he punch the gas . robbin floor Dave 's piece - of - shit dodge , try to keep up . ext . federal build , westwood - establishing - day int . federal build - state department office - day diplomatic liaison earl walther be use the reflection in he office window to adjust he necktie . walther be 30 , good - look , black ; a gs lifer work he way up the rank by virtue of he quiet competence . a co- worker stick he head into the office , then shield he eye from the sight of walther 's sharp new suit . CO - worker someone 's be to nordstrom , big time . walther clothes make the man . CO - worker but do the man make enough for the clothes ? walther ( smile ) the man make payment on he Visa . walther 's secretary rush in . secretary Mr. walther ... priority line ! walther ( into phone ) this be diplomatic liaison Earl walther ... what 's the nature of you emer -- ( grimace ) aw , Jesus ... not today ... ( beat ) I will inform channel and get a copter in the air . for God 's sake , keep it quiet . do what you can , but do not endanger civilian or the family ! int . carson' volvo - ( moving shot ) - day carson drive with one hand , while hold the radio . carson ( into radio ) you bet -- nice and easy . Real easy , until he narrowly miss a bunch of car when screeching around a corner . int . federal build - state department office - day walther press the intercom button on the phone . walther ( into phone ) get the Secretary of State on the horn . ( listen ) I know he leave already . I be familiar with the concept of time zone . find he ass . int . carson' volvo - ( moving shot ) - day carson turn the frequency on he two - way . carson ( into radio ) robbin , sabatini ... chopper 's on its way . ext . WASHINGTON blvd - day driving skillfully , carson edge past the North korean . int . carson' volvo - ( moving shot ) - day and then , carson can not believe it : he spot javal 's van , a couple block ahead , drive at normal speed . carson ( into radio ) check it out ! ahead , on the right ! sabatini ( vo ) ( through radio ) think it 's they ? carson ( into radio ) yeah ... but it seem too easy ... I will move up ; he will not suspect a civilian car . stay back , then get on he ass when I signal . we will box he in . he look over at Colonel Lee , whose car be pace he . carson ( continue ; into radio ) if the mod squad get in you way , do not be shy about get them out . sabatini ( vo ) ( through radio ) copy that one . int . colonel lee' car - ( moving shot ) - day glaring , Colonel Lee look over at the FBI car as they pass . int . dave' dodge - ( moving shot ) - day sabatini pull out she machine pistol , and toss the two - way to Dave . he look scared , and carsick . sabatini do not puke ... I hate when guy puke ! ext . WASHINGTON blvd - day carson try to approach javal without draw he attention . int . javal be van - ( moving shot ) - day he still drive at the same speed as the surround traffic . he Pov as carson nonchalantly pass , javal notice the government - issue two - way radio sit on the seat of carson 's volvo . javal grin ... it 's show -time . he stomp on the gas . int . carson' volvo - ( moving shot ) - day piss that he 's be make , carson speed up . int . javal be van - ( moving shot ) - day driving fast , javal make a hard right . as the van lean with the turn , something roll out from under a sheet of canvas on the floor -- the governess ' body , bloody and grotesque under the plastic tarp it 's wrap in . Joy start scream , as do everyone else when they see it . javal pull out a beretta centurion 9 mm pistol and fire a deafen round through the roof of the van . javal I need to concentrate ! ext . WASHINGTON blvd - day during a lull in traffic , a well -dress woman jaywalk across the street . a lapd black - and - white change lane and put on its flash light . as two cop write she a ticket ... around the corner two men make a quick exchange of money and a vial of crack . new angle the cop do notice javal speed by , with carson 's volvo , the FBI dodge and Colonel Lee 's car in hot pursuit . they shove the ticket in the well - dress woman 's hand and hop in they car . ext . LA cienega blvd / side street - day javal turn onto the side street -- row of run-down apartment building . he take a circuitous route , gain a one - block lead on carson and the other . then , he make a sudden turn into a one - way alley . int . javal be van - ( moving shot ) - day javal hit a remote garage door opener . ahead , rickety door on one of a line of detach garage face the alley OPEN up . across from the garage , park parallel against the back of a empty building , we notice a duplicate van . it 's face the same direction as javal be drive . javal slam on the brake , stop just past the garage , and then quickly back up into the garage . int . alleyway garage / javal be van - day as he pull in , we catch glimpse of the van slip backwards into a fiberglass superstructure that fit tightly around the rear two - third of it . as the van come to a stop , several snap - buckle on the edge of the superstructure spring close . javal reach out the van window and pull on a rope hang from the ceiling of the garage . the rope release the door from the open mechanism , so it immediately fall close . then , javal turn several switch on another of he neatly - construct remote : int . duplicate van - series of shot - day steel strap be hold the steering wheel rigid . a set of relay , trigger remotely , start the engine ; engage the transmission ; and supply fuel to the carburetor . ext . alleyway the duplicate van take off down the alley . just as it get up to speed , carson and the other round the corner into the alley behind it . as far as they know , they be still chase javal . the alley be several block long , run parallel to the main road , separate at each block by perpendicular street . the duplicate van race along , scraping against park car and the rear wall of building ... int . carson' volvo - ( moving shot ) - day carson ( into radio ) he 's gonna wrap it around something ! ext . alleyway - day indeed , as the duplicate van cross a street , car swerve to avoid hit it . it continue into the next alley . up ahead , a garbage truck lumber into the far end of the alley , its metal lift-rod extend to pick up a dumpster . carson ( os ) oh , shit ... the duplicate van crash into the garbage truck and explode . new angle carson , horrify , jump out of he car . robbin and sabatini run up . they have to hold carson away from the burn van . Dave hurry to the back of a building and get sick . Colonel Lee , wide - eye with anger , get in carson 's face . colonel lee you should not have interfered ! carson shove Colonel Lee out of he way , hard . carson I be in no mood ... Colonel Lee come back , ready for a fight . carson be happy to oblige , but robbin grab carson 's arm . robbins forget about he ! by now , onlooker have begin to gather , as lapd black - and white and helicopter converge on the area . ext . alleyway garage - day a block away , the garage door open , and we hear something eerie and unexpected : a scratchy , music - box kid ' song , come from a loudspeaker . javal 's van pull out and we see its transformation : the superstructure surround the body of the van make it look like a graffiti-cover , unlicense ice cream vendor . ext . alleyway - day the entrance of the alley be block by a black - and - white . so , accompany by the song , javal drive along the one - way alley in he camouflage van , pass unnotice by the authority . anguish , carson be stare at the burning duplicate van ... CUT to : ext . beverly drive - ( flashback ) - day beverly thrift explode and burn ... CUT to : ext . alleyway - day carson try to shake the memory away . he look around , sense that something be not right , then turn to the other agent . carson let 's get back to the Consulate . off they perplex look , we dissolve to : int . bachelor apartment - day one room , bathroom and kitchenette . a laptop computer and peripheral be on a table , along with some cell phone , a toolbox , and some jumble of electronic circuitry . in the main room , there be three large lazy - Boy easy chair , side by side , face a 27 - inch tv on a stand . a cloth cover two object sit atop the tv . the door open . Mrs. han , Joy , Sam , and Lisa walk in , rigid with fear . javal , beretta 9 mm in hand , come in behind they and close the door . javal strip off he sweat - soak shirt and wipe he face with it . Mrs. han realize he 's wire to the moon ... and it terrify she . javal do anyone need to use the rest room ? this will be you last opportunity for a few hour . ( no taker ) very well . Mrs. han , Sam , Joy , please sit here . ( indicate the lazy boy ; then turn to Lisa ) and you ... what be you name ? lisa ( after a beat ) Lisa ... still hold the beretta , he grab a polo shirt from the closet and pull it on . as the family sit in the chair : javal no , Mrs. han , this one . thank you . he take a pair of handcuffs out of he pants pocket . he try to handcuff Lisa , hand behind she back , but she resist . javal ( continue ; sotto ) you afford I some additional bargain power . but not much . she wilt . javal cuff she to the handle of the refrigerator . he put a strip of duct tape from he tool box across she mouth . he uncover one of the item atop the tv : a electronic box with three pair of oversize , LED vu meter on the front of it . we notice neat line of wire run from each of the chair up into it . javal flip one of a row of switch on it ; a green light and the meter come to life . javal ( continue ) there . no taping you mouth , no restraint . please remain still while I explain . the meter on the leave indicate sound pressure -- decibel . there be microphone on you chair back . if you raise you voice above certain level , put you meter in the red zone for more than one sustained second , the circuit will be close . ( beat ) the right meter indicate motion . there be pressure sensor inside the armrest and seat . the sensor do not like to get wet , so I hope you be honest about not need to use the loo . if you make any excess movement , or try to leave you chair , the circuit will be close . mrs . han I do not understand ... she look at she sound meter , which jump close to the red . mrs . han ( continue ; softly ) what happen if the circuit close ? javal kaboom ... he uncover the other item atop the tv -- a one - pound brick of C - 4 high explosive with the detonation mechanism jamme into it . Mrs. han gasp and begin to panic . javal ( continue ) easy ... deep breath ... ( to the kid ) do each of you understand ? they nod . tear roll down Joy 's face . javal ( continue ) keep you wit , and all will be fine . he flip another switch and the green light turn yellow . he then turn on the tv . coverage of the summit be everywhere . commentator # 1 ( on tv ) ... not since the ' 84 Olympic have the whole city have a such a opportunity -- javal turn the channel to a soap , and mute it . he start pace , and glance at he watch . it 's 9:15 am . int . government helicopter - ( aerial shot ) - day Earl walther look through the window as he copter land on the lawn behind the North Korean Consulate . ext . NORTH korean consulate - day as the copter land , carson come out to meet walther . walther carson ? ( carson nod ) walther . who tell the ambassador ? carson his Security Chief . ( beat ) there be a civilian with they -- fifteen - year - old girl from across the street . we be try to reach the parent . walther goddamn it ... ( sotto ) look , Mrs. han be the North Korean Premier 's niece ! we be hearing rumor they be gonna make a major issue out of what happen here ... int . NORTH korean consulate - hallway - day carson and walther come into the house . we hear only the ticking of the grandfather clock in the foyer . Colonel Lee and he officer stand by the stair ; robbin , sabatini and Dave stand together near the front door . carson I be not so sure what happen here . something smell . asshole be act like he want we to spot he ... walther what the hell be you talk about ? ambassador han ( os ) Mr. walther ? ambassador han come down the stair , he face tight with repress emotion . walther ambassador han ... my deep -- ambassador han -- I have no wish for condolence . just answer . walther as soon as we have any to give ... suddenly , the butler sprint across the foyer . he shove the cordless phone into ambassador han 's hand . ambassador han listen to the phone , then take in a sharp breath and sit on the step . ambassador han ( into phone ) yoon ..?! carson ( to FBI agent ) start a trace ! carson be elate . robbin , sabatini and Dave rush out . walther pull out a cell phone and hit a speed - dial key . walther ( into phone ) Mr. Secretary ... they be alive ! colonel lee ( to carson ; incense ) you be tapping we phone ?! carson ( while crossing to ambassador han ) yeah , you do not know . and I be meryl streep . int . bachelor apartment - day javal be hold he cell phone next to Mrs. han 's face . mrs . han ( into phone ) we be not hurt . but this man be very serious -- he pull the phone from she , take a breath to compose himself . javal ( into phone ) I want you to remember the feel you have when you think you family be dead , and use it to inform the choice you be about to make . int . NORTH korean consulate - hallway - day carson say you want to talk to the kid ... ambassador han ( into phone ) I need to know my child be all right . javal ( vo ) ( through phone ) be in front of a television in two minute . tune it to channel four . you will get the picture . javal hang up . stun , ambassador han stand up . ambassador han there be a television in my office . as carson , ambassador han , Colonel Lee and walther hurry to the office in the back of the house , carson 's radio crackle : robbins ( vo ) ( through radio ) we be screw on the trace -- he 's on a cell phone . int . FBI guardhouse - NORTH korean consulate - day Dave and robbin watch sabatini work the comm console . dave play the tape back . I might be able to pull the electronic serial number out of the subcarrier . carson ( vo ) ( through radio ) ask Dave if he know how to find the phone 's serial number . robbins ( smile ; into radio ) hey , great idea ... int . NORTH korean consulate - ambassador han' office - day ambassador han turn on the tv to channel 4 . angle on tv it 's the same medical soap that 's on at the apartment -- a doctor and nurse be screwing in a desert operate room . int . bachelor apartment - day javal be stand in the kitchenette , point a digital still camera at the family . it flash as he take a picture . closer there be a cable run from javal 's computer to he cell phone . he hook another cable to the digital camera , and a image appear on the screen of he laptop . he click on " send . " int . NORTH korean consulate - ambassador han' office - day everyone stare expectantly at the tv . they turn as the fax machine on the credenza ring . a image begin to emerge from the machine : the picture from javal 's digital camera . close on fax picture it show the han family sit in they booby - trap chair in front of the tv . the explosive and the electronics be clearly visible atop the set , as be the program on the tv . carson ( os ) oh , Jesus , that be explosive ! ( beat ) look at the tv -- this be just take . back to scene a second page on the fax begin to come through . as it do , the telephone ring . carson and Colonel Lee both go for the extension near the sofa ; carson grab it first . ambassador han pick up the phone on he desk . javal ( vo ) ( through phone ) there must surely be several people in the room ; you may put I on the speakerbox if you wish . ambassador han click on the speakerbox . carson and the other look at the second fax page : a list of instruction . javal ( vo ) ( continue ; through speakerbox ) I be not a terrorist . you country ' political posture mean nothing to I . so do not waste time try to negotiate . ( beat ) the Federal Reserve Bank of Los Angeles can furnish ten million dollar U.S. by 2:00 pm . the require denomination be in the instruction , as be the method of package . be in you car at 3:00 pm , and drive north on highland Avenue . I will call with where to leave the money , which you will do at 3:30 . if I be unmolested , I will call again at 4:00 with the family 's location and the method for remove they from they ... predicament . could you please refer to page one ? ( they look at the photo ) any deviation from this instruction and my device will fulfill its function at exactly 5:00 pm . click . ambassador han look around , feel totally helpless . carson say nothing , try not to show how uneasy he feel . ambassador han ( to walther ) p'yungyang must approve the ransom ... walther of course . the FBI 's top hostage negotiator be on the way -- carson -- goddamn negotiator 's the last thing we need ! this asshole sound like he be interested in bargain ? walther glare at carson , then continue to ambassador han : walther we have people who be expert in this situation . we really feel it would be best if you let they coordinate everything ... numb , ambassador han nod . walther ( continue ; to carson ) let 's get on it ... int . FBI guardhouse - NORTH korean consulate - day robbin , sabatini and Dave look up as carson and walther enter . carson ... you be gonna just pay up , count on he good nature to return the family ?! walther it 's the President 's intention to keep this quiet , move forward with the summit , and work with the North korean . Jesus , you have already embarrassed the shit out of we over the phone surveillance -- carson -- they know they phone be tapped ! they tap we fuck phone ! walther that 's not the point ! the point be not acknowledge it ! ( beat ) we get a international incident brewing , with a country we be practically at war with last year ! we best negotiator be gonna run point . if you get a problem , you can take the goddamn rest of the day off . carson this Consulate be my responsibility . walther not any more . carson be stunne . ( os ) , we hear a chopper approach . walther ( continue ) that 's the negotiator . you do the briefing . carson shoot a disgust look at the other , then leave . CUT to : int . NORTH korean consulate - ambassador han' office - day carson turn off the Beach boy song on the tv behind he . holding javal 's fax , he 's face ambassador han , Colonel Lee and the hostage negotiator ( whom we do not yet see . ) carson ... we worst enemy will be the city . there be event gear up all around town , and a dozen world leader arrive . add the Friday rush hour and usual L.A. bad behavior and it will be a nightmare out there by 3 pm . it all work to the advantage of the kidnapper , hinder we pursuit effort ... ( frown ) you do not agree ? wider the negotiator stand and take the fax from carson . it 's miranda , he wife . her FBI shield - holder be fold over the breast pocket of she jacket . miranda I be wonder whether to believe he when he say he 's strictly motivate by money . carson ( grab fax back ) you see one word of people '- Liberation , Holy -jihad , Revolutionary whatever - it-is-we're - piss - off -about - this - week bullshit in this entire letter ? miranda I still want to check the mo against know political , terrorist -- carson -- already do it . we be coordinate with the secret service , the NSA and the CIA . miranda have someone talk to the lapd , give they a cover story for the media about the crash on La cienega . walther come in and look at carson . walther why do not you tell I Doctor knoll be you wife ?! this surprise ambassador han and Colonel Lee . carson ( while look at miranda ) if she would change she name when we get marry , I would not have to . miranda ( to carson ) I be so enjoy this opportunity to finally work together ... walther Jesus , forget I ask . ( beat ) the cash will be here in a hour. ( to miranda ) any thought on the kidnapper 's thought ? miranda everything indicate he 's work alone . and he concern do seem to be solely about the money ... so I agree that he 's only use the summit and the tension with North Korea to create extreme motivation to pay the ransom . colonel lee I will bring the money to he . carson my ass . colonel lee the hostage be citizen of the people 's Republic of Korea -- carson -- hey , do I go to the torture chamber in you prison , tell you how to do you job ? walther all right , you be outta here ! be this the same insubordinate crap you pull at beverly thrift ? carson glare coldly at walther . carson I will coordinate the drop . ambassador han perhaps that be better . Inspector carson know the terrain -- colonel lee -- then he can come with I . walther look at miranda . she nod she assent . walther ( firm ; to carson ) it 's settle . carson it suck . miranda but it mean we can get on with it . the Americans leave the room . int . NORTH korean consulate - hallway - day still fume , carson walk ahead . miranda pull walther aside . miranda ( sotto ) get one thing straight , Mr. walther . if the Bureau have listen to Pete , beverly thrift never would have happen . int . bachelor apartment - day hand shaking with nerve - and speed - induce jitter , javal turn two switch on the unit atop the tv . two LED readout light up : one show the current time -- 2:30 pm -- the other be fix at 5:00 pm . below , the tv be still on . javal flip the channel , stop at a rerun of " lifestyle of the Rich and famous . " he suppress a gleeful giggle . javal that 's more like it ... he check the content of he prescription bottle . two pill . he take one , stuff the bottle in he pocket , and leave . ext . poyenngyang , NORTH korea - day super : phyunngy . Capitol of North Korea . poster city for the charm of communism : dreary , crumble , gray , stifling , hopeless . int . worker ' paradise hall - conference chamber - day in the main government office , a meeting of ten overly - decorate military men and they support staff . sour general kai ( 50' ) be arguing heatedly in korean with a age moderate general . the weak - will premier of NORTH korea sit up front and listen passively . a army major sit behind General Kai stand and slip out the door . ext . worker ' paradise hall - rooftop - day crouched behind a air-condition unit , the Major , a american operative , speak in unaccented english into a small uplink device , disguise to look like a palmtop computer . operative ( into uplink device ) ... they have get the Premier agree to the hard - line position -- he hear footstep approach ( os ) . operative ( continue ; sotto ) more to follow ... he angle skyward a tiny dish - shape antenna on the device . on its screen it say compressing ... scrambling ... uplinking ... after it 's finish , the operative snap it close and put it into a false bottom in he attach '' case . he disappear just before a guard round the corner . ext . street of los angele - various angle - day " welcome Pacific partner " banner hang everywhere . worker and caterer prepare for the various party and event around town . cop and private security do they best to keep traffic move , but it 's already get congest . int . FBI guardhouse - NORTH korean consulate - day Dave stare at he computer , look through a database of kidnapper and they modus operandi . he rub he eye . dave I want to be home by now , take the kid to the rally in boyle Heights . sabatini we get a cabin in Big bear . by now , L.A. be suppose to be a brown blotch in the rear-view mirror . she 's help walther stack pack of thousand - dollar -bill into a series of small plastic bag , tie each one off when it 's the size of a brick . they then put the individual bag into two larger bag . robbin rubber -band a matchbook - size homing transmitter in between two pack of cash . he then hollow out a dime -size space inside a different pack of money with a razor knife . he put a tiny , second home transmitter in the space . carson check some hand -held receiver . miranda cross to he . miranda he will expect a home device -- carson -- I expect he to expect it . he will check the cash with a rf detector ... ( be larger transmitter ) meaning he will find this one . ( be smaller transmitter ) this only have a quarter - mile range , but on a frequency too low to detect . ( turn off receiver ) and I doubt the asshole will have a x-ray machine or a metal detector . miranda why must you always refer generically to criminal as " asshole ? " carson gosh , you be right . it could undermine they self - esteem and spoil they chance for rehabilitation . miranda you be read my magazine in the bathroom again ? she return to listen to a audio tape : javal ( vo ) ( through recorder ) " and my device will fulfill its function at exactly 5:00 pm ... " miranda he 's really exhibit pressured speech ... big effort here to sound calm . same with he vocabulary ... if he be in control , he would not feel such a need to sound that way . carson just tell I if we can use it . miranda if we needle he he could get sloppy and give we a open , but I be not go to risk it . this be the worst kind of perpetrator : anything make he deviate from he carefully - script plan , he could become extremely volatile . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day during this , Colonel Lee stand in a window on the top floor , point a laser eavesdropping unit at the FBI guardhouse . miranda ( vo ) ( through headphone ) do we have back - up if the bleeper fail ? carson ( vo ) ( through headphone ) nothing but physical surveillance . int . FBI guardhouse - NORTH korean consulate - day miranda it 's real important we do not lose he . he do not go through all the trouble of design that bomb not to use it . carson look at she as the think of it hit he . carson well , it be not gonna happen . ( beat ; sotto ) not again ... ext . white house , WASHINGTON , DC - establishing - day int . white house - conference room - day the National Security Council : vice president , secretary of defense , state , chief of the FBI , CIA and NSA -- sit nervously around a table , face a video conference setup . the President , in Air Force one , appear on it . president ( through video link ) what the hell be the big crisis ? secretary of state we just receive a missive from the North Korean attachÈ . they say the kidnap be a U.S. plot to provoke and humiliate they during the summit . president ( through video link ) bullshit . they be just tick because we do not want the chinese drag they ass into the treaty talk . the senior intelligence officer refer to he note . intelligence officer we have a covert operative in place . he report the hard - liner and moderate in the High Command be argue about how to respond , should the Premier 's niece and she child should be kill . president ( scowl ; through video link ) respond ?! Christ . what about the damn Premier ? secretary of state he 's weak . he have to look tough to save face , keep control of hard - liner ... otherwise he risk a coup . CIA chief which be a real possibility . most of that old - fart Generals do not want to - more - CIA chief ( cont would ) be part of the summit any more than we want they to . they be mad as hell he even talk to the chinese . president ( through video link ) I do not want to deal with this right now ! get we diplomat on it . tell the North we will pay the ransom for them ... placate them ! and make damn sure we get that family back in one piece . who 's in charge in l.a .? FBI chief the Bureau , Sir . we have a crack team in place . secretary of state there 's a diplomatic liaison from State , too . CIA chief ( to FBI Chief ) what about you man station at the Consulate ... ( refer to note ) carson ? he be demote from the FBI hostage Program , couple year back . and this do happen on he watch ... FBI chief ( irritate ) there 's no way he could have prevent this abduction ! besides , I have get one of my top negotiator in charge -- president ( through video link ) -- whatever . I want a total news blackout and I want this over with , quickly ! without give that commie little bastard any excuse to shit all over my summit ! ext . NORTH korean consulate - day Inside , the grandfather clock in the foyer chime three time . Colonel Lee , carry a amd - 74 machine gun , go to get in the driver 's side of the second armored mercede , but carson be already there . grumbling , he cross to the passenger 's side . carson drive off just a moment before Colonel Lee be completely in the car . ext . highland avenue - day the mercede cross melrose , go into Hollywood . the town be all do up with poster and banner . robbin and walther follow a block behind the mercede in a unmark car ; sabatini and Dave drive ahead in Dave 's dodge . int . NORTH korean consulate - ambassador han' office - day miranda , ambassador han , and Lisa 's father ( the cussing jag owner ) wait by the phone . miranda smile reassuringly at the two nervous father . the phone ring ; she pick it up . miranda ( into phone ) yes , please go ahead ... javal ( vo ) ( long beat ; through phone ) ah ... this must be one of that professional -- miranda ( into phone ) -- I be only here to see that everyone get what they want -- javal ( vo ) ( through phone ) -- I have get my shotgun in little Lisa 's mouth , and I will pull the trigger in five second unless you put the ambassador on the phone . miranda hand the phone to ambassador han . int . mercede - ( moving shot ) - day from the two - way radio in carson 's pocket : miranda ( vo ) ( through radio ) the drop be at the demille barn , across from the Hollywood bowl . you be to leave the money in the center of the parking lot . carson ( into radio ) shit ... no way we can set up a stake - out in ... - more - carson ( cont would ) ( check watch ) four minute . call the Park ranger at the bowl . have they clear the area of civilian . miranda ( vo ) ( through radio ) remember , Pete ... we be deal with a customer with a lot of rage . carson ( to himself ) must have buy a house same time we do . ext . highland avenue - various angle - day robbin and walther be inching along in traffic on highland near Hollywood Blvd . elsewhere , we see unmark police and government car cruise around , drop off disguise foot -surveillance officer , etc . a biker club of twenty aging , weekend - warrior , all on custom harley , turn from the boulevard onto highland . ext . demille barn - day carson drive the mercede into the entrance of the Hollywood Museum Park . carson stop in front of a yellow barn with a sign atop it : " jesse lasky famous player . " int . / ext . javal be van - day still disguise as a ice-cream truck , the van be park across highland by the entrance to the Hollywood bowl , where a summit-relate concert be be readied . javal watch the mercede , and take he last pill . he 's fly . int . mercede - day Colonel Lee grab the two large plastic bag full of money from the back seat , open he door , and drop they onto the pavement . carson look around . carson ( into radio ) there 's about a hundred way he can scurry off like a cockroach from here ... so spread out . Colonel Lee check they beeping home receiver . carson hang a leave onto highland , go back the way he come . int . dave' dodge - ( moving shot ) - day Dave hold they home receiver . sabatini , behind the wheel , smack he arm and point ahead : ext . demille barn - day javal 's van drive into the parking lot , and stop right above the bag of money . dave ( into radio ) we boy 's in a fuckin ' ice cream truck ! ext . odin STREET - day sabatini and Dave watch javal 's van through the tree . int . javal be van - day javal , sweat and shaking , quickly run a metal - detector wand over each of the individual bag of money . one of they make the speaker in the wand handle whine . int . dave' dodge - include Pov of demille barn - day the van pull away . Dave glance at the home receiver . the signal be not move . he look up ... two of the small bag of money be sit on the pavement . dave Son of a bitch ! ( into radio ) he find the bleeper -- both of they ! int . mercede - ( moving shot ) - day carson ( into radio ) fuck ! okay , stay back . it 's not like he will be hard to see in that truck . which way 's he head ? dave ( vo ) ( through radio ) toward the freeway . carson hang a u-turn . ext . highland avenue - day at the complex intersection where highland end at the 101 , javal bear to the right , toward the South on-ramp . sabatini and Dave follow a few car behind as he get on it . suddenly , he scoot over to the shoulder and slam the van into reverse . he back off the on-ramp , past a row of angry driver , pass by sabatini and Dave . peel in reverse onto highland , javal stomp on the brake . the snap buckle hold the ice-cream-truck superstructure around he van break apart , and the whole thing slide off ... block sabatini 's way . javal drive forward again , this time get onto the 101 North on -ramp . int . NORTH korean consulate - ambassador han' office - day miranda look at ambassador han and Lisa 's father while anxiously clutching she two - way radio . miranda ( into radio ) what happen ? carson ( vo ) ( through radio ) we be make ! gotta grab he ! miranda ( beat ; into radio ) all right ... carefully ... int . mercede - ( moving shot ) - day carson follow javal onto the freeway . Colonel Lee grab he amd - 74 machine gun . carson watch it ! we need he alive ! ext . hollywood freeway - day Colonel Lee lean out and shoot javal 's rear tire out . the van drive erratically , hold in its lane by bump against the car around it . carson pull up closer ... suddenly , the rear door of the van burst open ... and javal fly out , riding a motorcycle . he 's get the money stuff into two big , chap -size saddlebags sling over the back of the machine . he straddle the lane , go against traffic , riding like a maniac back the way he come . carson watch he in the rear-view ... and speed up , drive away from he . colonel lee turn around ! but carson hug the shoulder , move through the heavy traffic , until he spot what he be look for : the biker Club , riding in formation up ahead . carson cut in front of they and slam on the brake . he jump out and grab one of the biker 's machine by the handlebar , wrestle it to a stop . while pull its burly owner off it : carson FBI . call we office , they will take care of you . meanwhile , the other biker have come to help they friend . they pull gun , knife , chain ... they be stop by sabatini , who appear hold she mp - 5 machine pistol . the biker yell at carson as he drive way : biker I be a taxpayer ! I be a goddamn dentist ! colonel lee get in the driver 's seat of the mercede and turn it around . javal continue down the freeway on he bike , straddle lane , drive the wrong way , retrace he route back to highland , leave car horn , cursing , and collision in he wake . wider when everyone think they have see it all , here come another mad biker -- carson -- riding against traffic in pursuit . ext . highland avenue - day javal ride against traffic down the cahuenga on-ramp , then jump the divider , run the light crossing highland , and get into the southbound lane . he just miss a bus , nearly wiping out . carson just do not kill yourself , you piece of shit ... carson fish out he two - way . carson ( continue ; into radio ) helicopter or two would be nice ! int . NORTH korean consulate - ambassador han' office - day listen to the two -way , miranda try to follow the action . miranda ( into radio ) Love to be in the loop on this ... ext . highland avenue - day speed up , carson precariously cut in between traffic . carson ( to himself ) not just now , dear ... see carson approach on he right , javal pull he benelli shotgun from one of the saddlebags . he rest the barrel on he arm and fire a blind - white load of magnesium at carson . carson grab the brake handle to slow down , and the blast cross just in front of he . a few burning piece pepper the front fender of the bike , but the bulk hit the concrete art - deco statue in the entrance to the Hollywood bowl . the statue shatter into a million flaming fragment . carson ( continue ; grumble ) I coulda have a ranch ... maybe some horse ... but no , we move to L.A. javal speed up . a car pass on the right bump he . javal grab for the handlebar to stabilize himself , dropping the shotgun . a helicopter appear , and fly just above he . then , spot some police car ahead , he quickly hang a right , ducking onto Alta loma Terrace . ext . alta loma terrace - day carson stop at the entrance to the wind , hillside neighborhood , accessible only by footpath . the area be cover by thick foliage , hide javal from the helicopter . carson revs down so he can listen for javal 's machine . he hear it up above and take off , up a steep flight of stair . new angle javal have reach the summit , only to find he 's box in . he can either turn around , or take the neighborhood 's unique , outdoor elevator , house in a free-stand , three - story concrete tower . he jump off he bike . carry the saddlebags , he run into the elevator -- but it need a key to operate . javal come back out , panic . he hear carson come up the hill . he spot a gardener water nearby with a hose . angle with carson as he reach the summit . he see javal 's motorcycle , abandon , lie on its side ... and then he see the gardener , sprawle on the ground , a bullet hole in the center of he forehead . carson turn off he motorcycle and pull out he sig 'mm . he move slowly toward the elevator tower and look inside . he Pov the casement window in the back of the tower be break . one end of the gardener 's hose be tie to a grate , and the hose be hang through the break window . carson look out the window as javal climb down the outside of the tower on the hose to High Tower drive , the street below . carson ( into radio ) he 's on foot , at the base of the elevator tower ! but just as carson be about to climb down the hose ... ext . high tower drive - day javal spot a college girl back a tiny geo out of she garage . he rip she out of the car , jump in and tear away . ext . alta loma terrace - day carson jump back on he motorcycle and start it up . carson ( into radio ) goddammit ! he 's in a blue geo ! ext . highland avenue - day in the geo , javal drive out onto highland . he muscle he way through traffic , then cut across to Franklin . behind he , robbin and walther drive along the divider lane . on the bike , carson emerge from Alta loma , join sabatini and Dave in Dave 's dodge and Colonel Lee in the mercede as they all try to catch up to javal . the helicopter fly ahead , then disappear past the hill below Franklin . ext . vine STREET - day javal hang a hard right off of Franklin onto vine , put he on top of a hill that drop down to sunset . carson and Colonel Lee close in on the geo. suddenly , the helicopter rise up from the bottom of the hill . it 's less than fifty foot in front of javal , at eye level . javal fire at the copter with he beretta . Colonel Lee indiscriminately fire he machine gun at the geo . carson shout at Colonel Lee , furious at he carelessness ! int . pursuit copter - ( aerial shot ) - day Colonel Lee 's bullet trace across the cockpit of the helicopter ; one hit the pilot in the neck . clutch it with one hand , the Pilot lose control of the copter . ext . vine STREET - day everyone on the road scatter to get out of the copter 's way . it appear as though it 's go to crash onto the street , then it gain altitude , gyrating wildly just above the geo . javal try to move away , but one of its landing runner smashes through the top of the windshield , wedging itself against the inside of the geo 's roof . snare , the little geo be lifted off the ground -- instantly too high for a terrify javal to escape from it . int . pursuit copter - ( aerial shot ) - day the wounded Pilot , barely conscious , search for safe area to set down -- but there be car and people everywhere . the Pilot wrestle he stick ; he copter be almost impossible to control with the car hang from it . he 's fade ... ext . vine STREET - day the copter and geo lurch over and past the round Capitol record building , knocking the spindle off the top of it . the impact further destabilize the copter 's flight . it 's head right toward the 20 - story sunset vine Tower , at the bottom of the hill . int . javal be geo - ( aerial shot ) - day javal , trap inside , look through the windshield as the glass and steel side of the tower loom closer . he scream . ext . sunset vine tower - day the copter and the geo crash into the side of the Tower , 12 floor up . Glass blow out in all direction ; the rotor shatter ; office furnishings be blow through the hole like backwash . the geo hang passenger 's side down from the runner . closer from the series of jerk , slip movement , it be clear the copter be not go to stay where it be for long . the geo 's passenger side door pop open . javal , panting with fear , jimmy he foot against the dashboard and hold the steering wheel to keep from fall out . angle on vehicle below in the clog of traffic , car swerve away , rapidly reverse ... anything to get away from the area below the impact . javal react to another slip . the big saddlebags of money on the seat start to slide toward the open door . he gingerly reach over to grab they ... the copter shift again ... he lose he grip ... and , clutching the saddlebags , he topples out of the car . we stay with he as he fall 12 storey , scream ... then landing on top of a parking meter . it rip though he chest and he hit the sidewalk with a wet thud . ext . vine and sunset - day carson rush across the street to javal 's body . the teeter copter and geo be right above it . grimace , carson try to lift javal 's body up off the parking meter , but it 's messy , slippery work ... unable to move the body , carson quickly search its pocket . all he find be the now -empty prescription bottle . above , the copter groans ... it 's about to come loose ... carson pull out he sig 'mm and fire several time at javal 's right wrist , then tear the hand off the body . with a loud wrenching of metal , the copter and geo break away from the building . carson grab the saddlebags and run like hell across the street , diving for cover behind a car . behind carson the copter and geo crash to the sidewalk and explode . new angle sooty , cover in javal 's blood , carson cross to the other . he throw walther the saddlebags and sabatini the severe hand . carson fingerprint it . ( to walther ) he 's not gonna tell we where to find the hostage ... - more - carson ( cont would ) ( look at watch ) meaning we get exactly 80 minute to figure it out for ourselves . walther figure it out ?! with what ?! carson ( ignore he ; into radio ) miranda ! we need a copter , pronto ! ( to robbin ) get back to he van . there be no plate , but check the vin , look it over , then meet we at the Consulate . robbin be still try to process what just happen . carson ( continue ) go! CUT to : int . NORTH korean consulate - ambassador han' office - day the clock read 3:50 pm . carson , miranda , robbin , sabatini , ambassador han and Colonel Lee be all talking at once . carson ( to walther ) ... scrounge we some body : National Guard , State trooper , chp , local PD 's , meter maid -- walther -- they be gonna search the whole city in a goddamn hour ..?! carson look , I do not need you to tell I how fuck we be ! walther fuck you !! every time you be on a case something explode ! carson look like he 's go to explode . before he can reply : miranda stop ! the clock 's run ! argue be a luxury we can not afford ! - more - miranda ( cont would ) ( look at carson ) what 's do be do . there will be plenty of time to point finger later . carson would love to get into it , but he let it slide . he look sabatini , wander aimlessly with javal 's severe hand . sabatini I need some fuckin ' ink !! carson grab one of the expensive pen from ambassador han 's desk , snap it in half , and hand it to she . in the b.g. she stand at the credenza , ink the hand 's finger and thumb and roll they onto a piece of letterhead paper . ambassador han this be impossible ! how can you even begin to find they ? good question . all eye go to miranda . miranda well , the normal procedure be to negotiate with the perpetrator ... her head be spin . she look at carson . carson let 's take stock . we have get a picture of where he hide the family , and recording of he call -- miranda -- that 's right ! we can send they to we expert for analysis ... carson ( to ambassador han ) same with he fingerprint . but that mean we need high - quality image and data transmission . we can piss away ten minute copter this shit to we office in westwood , or we can use you surveillance equipment . colonel lee there be no surveillance equipment . this be a diplomatic facility -- carson -- you want to play game , fine . he turn to go . ambassador han turn to Colonel Lee . ambassador han take they upstairs . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day in the convert attic , several North Korean espionage agent monitor military and police frequency , downlink from remote wiretaps and surveillance unit ; short - wave , cellular , etc . they equipment , be of chinese and iranian manufacture , be hardly cut - edge technology . Colonel Lee and ambassador han enter . the espionage Agents be surprised when carson , miranda , walther and sabatini follow . walther look around , amaze . carson grab a pair of headphone . carson South Korean Consulate 's just down the street -- want to take a listen ? Colonel Lee pull the phone away from he . carson take the page with the fingerprint from sabatini . the espionage Agents back away from she and javal 's hand . carson ( continue ; be hand ) shitcan that thing , will you ?! she look around . then , shrugging , she toss it into a wastepaper basket . carson ( continue ; to Colonel Lee ) get a digital scanner ? colonel lee analog . carson ( look equipment over ) you might want to drop a few buck at Radio shack and get with the decade . ( into radio ) Dave -- get in here . bring you computer , a city map , and the tape of the ransom call . dave ( vo ) ( through radio ) on my way ... he 's also heard , faintly , through the laser eavesdropp unit by the window . carson notice , but do not comment . miranda ( to Colonel Lee ) Colonel , you see the perp . describe he to the ambassador , see if it 's anyone he know . Colonel Lee begrudgingly oblige . carson dial a phone . carson ( into phone ) this be carson in l.a . there 's a set of print come over . narrow the search criterion : male , thirty , caucasian ... french , belgian , swiss , maybe canadian . try kidnapper and bomber first . we need a answer in fifteen minute . ext . hoover build , WASHINGTON , DC - day FBI headquarters , with the Washington monument in the b.g. int . hoover build - fingerprint lab - day a technician , wear thick glass , sit in front of a high - resolution computer monitor . fingerprint tech ( into phone ) that yellow air out there finally rot you brain ?! it 's impossible ! carson ( vo ) ( through phone ) dazzle I . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day carson click off the phone , then , as he dial another number : carson ( to walther ) we get one of the best sound guy right here in town ... ( into phone ) Newman in audio Analysis ... dave ( os ) Newman 's go . wider Dave come into the room . dave he quit , couple week ago . open a bed and breakfast in Wyoming . carson look at miranda and hang up the phone . dave ( continue ; look around ) damn ... they get HBO ? I would sure like to see the fight tonight . carson get that tape transfer to a sound guy . we need ambient and background analysis , the whole enchilada . dave enchilada -- you say that because I be mexican ? carson no ... ' cause you be fat . miranda ( pick up javal 's fax ) photo enhancement ... be not there some amazing tech with the lapd -- dave -- bronsky . transferred to Seattle PD a month ago . carson Jesus H. Christ ... sabatini I would send it to langley . let the CIA earn they keep . carson do it . carson toss javal 's bloody , unlabel prescription bottle to miranda . she look it over , run she finger inside , taste the dust on she fingertip . miranda give he behavior , this orange residue ... I would say desoxyn , 25 mge . amphetamine . carson any significance ? miranda it 's consistent with the lone wolf scenario : a handful of this be pure bravery - in- a-bottle , ' till the psychosis and paranoia kick in . ( beat ) we could check pharmacy record , on the remote chance he get they legally ... if we have a couple of week , that be . carson ( to sabatini ) get the Bureau on it . miranda forget it . it 's a waste of manpower . carson look , goddammit , you start skip no- chance - in - hell lead , we can all quit and go to the beach right now . sabatini look at they -- which will it be ? miranda frown and nod she okay , then spread the L.A. map out on the table . carson ( continue ) he grab the family at 8:30 . the last certain visual we have be just before he van go into the alley on La cienega at 8:42 . he call the Consulate at 9:30 . miranda that give he about fifty minute to get to he location , move and secure the hostage , and activate he time bomb . carson he probably wait a while to pad the time -- he want we know the family be still alive ... ( sotto ; be korean ) ... so this crazy bastard would not throw a premature shit hemorrhage , but he do not want to call too soon , either . I say they be within 15 to 20 minute , via surface street , of where we last see they . he draw a circle on the city map : beverly Hills to downtown , Hollywood to inglewood . miranda the most densely - populate part of the L.A. basin . this narrow it down to about 200,000 dwelling . a beat while this sink in . miranda ( continue ) he be travel west -- carson -- Bet he double back . miranda c'mon , that 's total conjecture -- sabatini ( be carson ) -- I would trust he instinct when deal with maniac . he be deeply disturb . miranda you be tell I ? int . white house - conference room - day everyone be smoking . they tension have increase tenfold since we last see they . the President , see through the video setup , be pace on Air Force one . secretary of state ... North korean have go ballistic , accuse we of botching the ransom drop on purpose . secretary of defense they be still harping on that " american plot " nonsense . president ( through video link ) meaning ? secretary of defense they say the death of the Premier 's niece and she family would justify immediate retaliation . president ( through video link ) be they out of they fuckin ' mind ?! what kind of retaliation ? everyone in the room look at one another . CIA chief they be threaten to pull a Saddam Hussein : remember the scud he lob at Jerusalem during Desert Storm ? ( beat ) they be talk about fire a missile into Los Angeles -- president ( through video link ) -- a goddamn what ?? intelligence officer best guess be a as - 15 , medium - range cruise -- they version of we tomahawk , launch from offshore . secretary of defense the as - 15 be gyro-guide . it will find the city , but it 's not too accurate beyond that . vice president still , for they purpose it 's perfect : hit somewhere in L.A. , take out a city block or two ... secretary of state to the eye of the world it 's a measure response -- like what Reagan do to qaddafi . but actually strike at a american city would be a huge psychological victory for they . president ( through video link ) I do not believe I be hearing this ! ( beat ) so if we know it 's come , we can knock it out of the fuckin ' sky ! secretary of defense this weapon fly subsonically , below radar ... we do not have the defense in place ... if we would have the time to deploy a string of Patriot anti - missile battery across the coast -- president ( through video link ) -- you be say we get all this lousy hardware and can not stop one goddamn missile ?? everyone 's silence answer he question . president ( continue ; through video link ) I want a immediate search for all ship within range . FBI chief we better inform the other leader , stall on the summit -- president ( through video link ) there 's no reason to panic yet -- they can not launch until after the family 's confirm dead ! CIA chief afraid that 's not the case ... the Intelligence Officer illustrate he explanation with footage and diagram on a nearby computer screen : intelligence officer the North Korean Premier hold what we call a " brinksman switch . " he 's able to destroy a missile in flight , right up to the moment before it achieve its target . CIA chief we op say they have time they retaliation to hit right after 5:00 . FBI chief and if the family turn up okay , they will just make it self - destruct . president ( through video link ) shit ! I really do not need this today ! vice president we be forget one thing here : the family . Intelligence be sure the North will abort they attack if Mrs. han and she kid be safely return ? CIA chief absolutely . they whole game depend on claim a legitimate provocation . secretary of defense still , we should let they know there would be a response ... if it come to it . president ( through video link ) I would like to turn them into a radioactive parking lot . secretary of state that 's the problem : we can not . we be the last superpower . we hand be tie by politics , alliance , goddamn stack of treaty ... most we could do be give them a " measure response " back again , or everyone start cry that we be the bully . secretary of defense damn , I miss the cold War . Russians would not have dreamt of pull a stunt like this . president ( through video link ) believe I , the North drop one in my fuckin ' city , I be drop ten in theirs . get some bomber in the air . and do not tell I any more bad news ! ext . hollywood freeway - day robbin stand by javal 's van , on the shoulder of the freeway . robbins ( into radio ) ... phone company decal 's a fake . dmv say the van be purchase a week ago from a private party in Santa monica . I call them ; they say the guy pay cash , and he fit we boy 's description . sign the name " Douglas mcarthur " to the transfer of title . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day carson ( into radio ) cute. ( to miranda ) he sign the name of the ally Commander during the Korean War . maybe he be a political . miranda no . the phony ice cream truck , the booby - trap chair ... he could have - more - miranda ( cont would ) do it without half that stuff . but this be go to be the score of a lifetime ... he be show off . carson ( to Dave ) who 's get that kind of skill : electronics , vehicle customize , computer , explosive ? dave military . cop , maybe . shit , you average high - school student if they be so inclined . my guess be we perp use off - the-shelf equipment for everything except the C - 4 , and that 's only slightly harder to get than crack or heroin , if you know who to ask . ext . parker CENTER - downtown los angele - day lapd headquarters . int . parker CENTER - various angle - day everyone who can be spare , even moth - eat support personnel , hustle through the maze of hallway and get into wait car . ext . street of los angele - various angle - day from up here , it look like the city be one big block party . accordingly , traffic be heavy and unpleasant . bobbi ( vo ) please , L.A. , I know we be about to have quite a party out there , but do not forget the Golden rule on the roadway ... News time be 3:59 ... int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day bobbi look into the tv camera , drip with sincerity . bobbi this be bobbi marchfelder , you Eye in the Sky ... back to you , Brent ... the red light on the camera go off . bobbi turn to the Pilot . bobbi ( continue ; furious ) hey , dickhead ... I be backlit that entire segment ! ( as if to a child ) keep ... the sun ... to my leave !! the cameraman and the Pilot sigh at each other . bobbi ( continue ) what 's new on the kidnap rumor ? cameraman nada . total news blackout . bobbi go back over the hill . news pilot we get the valley traffic report in fifteen -- bobbi -- " stall vehicle ! one lane close ! sig alert ..! " I will improvise ! she take a industrial - size bottle of mylanta out of she purse . it 's fitte with a water - bottle drinking spout . she take a huge swig and grimace . bobbi ( continue ; to cameraman ) what be you lookin ' at ? I be the morning anchor in Houston ! and I be one break away from get out of this stupid fuckin' whirlybird ! int . bachelor apartment - los angele - day the han family sit in they booby - trap chair . Joy carefully turn to she mother . joy why we ? mrs . han you hear he -- for money . joy what if something go wrong ? mrs . han ( firmly ) it will not . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day carson grab he FBI blazer off the back of a chair . carson I be go to the kidnap site . miranda I want to talk to the witness . Colonel Lee also head for the door . carson look at he . carson great , we will hire a bus . they leave . Dave , meanwhile , pace , phone in hand . dave ( into phone ) ... I know it 's privileged information , goddammit ! lemme talk to a supervisor ... you be a supervisor ... lemme talk to you goddamn supervisor ... I tell you , I be with the FBI ... ( to sabatini ) cellular company say he be use a phone with a clone number . sabatini Big surprise . have them send a list of the number call on the account . dave that 's what I be try to get . they be say I need a subpoena . ( into phone ) do not put I on hold ... do not ... ( pull phone from he ear ) I be listen to Michael fuckin' bolton ! sabatini walther ! get on the horn to justice and deal with this ! ext . pacific ocean - angle on fishing trawler - day super : Pacific ocean. 500 mile west -northwest of Los Angeles . we find a nondescript commercial fishing vessel . up top , some asian " fishermen " crank in and stow they net . int . / ext . fishing trawler - day come closer , we see it 's actually a disguise North Korean spy vessel . several men , work under hang tarp , secure a 20 - foot-long missile launching track to the bow . two missile expert install a green , cone - shape warhead of high explosive onto the nose of a 23 - foot-long , short - winge cruise missile . they wait for the captain 's order ... ext . hollywood freeway - day robbin be in javal 's van , examine the innard of the remote - control box . he pick up he radio . robbins ( into radio ) a lot of the component be make by the same manufacturer -- a car security company . carson ( vo ) ( through radio ) jump a copter to the Consulate . see if the manufacturer sell to the public . find out what shop use they stuff ; put people on the phone with a description of the perp . ext . crenshaw blvd - day at the kidnap site , the intersection be block off with yellow police tape . several lapd cruiser be park nearby . some cop be interview the carpool Lady . despite this , the neighborhood 's bazaar -- a sidewalk sale with music , food vendor , etc . -- have half - heartedly begin . the government helicopter hover and carson help miranda climb down a long chain ladder . Colonel Lee follow impatiently . new angle carson uncover the body of the Driver and the motorist , lie on the sidewalk . he grimace . Colonel Lee do not . miranda want to look , but carson drop the cover . she pick it up , then turn away in horror . a young black cop cross to they . he 's hold a plastic bag with a spend shotgun shell in it . young cop Inspector ! look at this ... ( read from shell ) " Dragon 's breath ..? " carson twelve - gauge shell fill with magnesium and ignition powder . shit 's worse than napalm -- geneva Convention outlaw it for warfare . miranda then how do he get it ? carson easy -- you can buy them mail order . ( look around ) where 's the Consulate 's car ? young cop ( beat ) uh ... apparently it be steal ... colonel lee stolen !? what be it with you people -- young cop ( angry ) -- what 's this " you people " shit ? carson ( to Colonel Lee ) shut up ! miranda ( aside ; to Young cop ) he mean all of we " you people . " carson ( to Young cop ) find it ! how many bulletproof mercede could be cruise around crenshaw ? young cop you would be surprised ... carson I hate this fuckin ' town . int . / ext . fishing trawler - pacific ocean - day the North Korean communications officer put down he headphone and hurry on deck to the Captain . it 's time . suddenly , a beard crewman cross to the Captain . he calmly shoot he and the first mate . the rest of the Crew be shocked . holding he pistol on the Crew , the bearded crewman nod at the missile expert . salute , they remove the green warhead from the missile . two other conspirator , carry a metal locker , appear from below deck . the Crew murmur nervously as they remove from the locker a red warhead and attach it to the missile . finish , one of the expert push the fire trigger and the missile whooshes from its launching pad . ext . NORTH korean consulate - day the government helicopter touch down behind the Consulate . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day ambassador han , walther and sabatini be look at a series of high - definition fax spread out on a table . carson , miranda and Colonel Lee hurry back in . disgust , carson throw he jacket on a chair . carson wasted trip : witnesses say he be work alone , and he be a vicious son of a bitch . Old news . colonel lee ( to ambassador han ) and we car be steal . ambassador han I feel safer when I be the ambassador to Libya . sabatini image enhancement come back . Pov of picture the CIA technician have enlarge and enhance every part of the fax deem significant , in individual blowup . back to scene Colonel Lee be stand right beside carson , lean over to look at the picture . carson look at he , irritate . carson we go steady ? sabatini the sun position tell we the window be face northeast . ( beat ) here 's the best -- look at the glass on the print hang in the background . there 's a reflection of a reflection , out on the street : the corner of a billboard . carson look like the wheel of a car . miranda we talk about this billboard , when we be car shopping ! four - door ... they make a wagon , too . ( beat ) something japanese ... God , what be it ? Toyota ... Mazda ... Honda ... you think it have no character . carson I think that about all of they . c'mon , think , dammit !! miranda you think !! you be there , too ! they be stump , and bitterly frustrated . to sabatini : carson call the outdoor advertising company . get the location of all the billboard for japanese car within we search parameter . meanwhile , Dave and robbin be call car alarm shop : dave ( into phone ) ... peerless Auto Security . we need to know whether you have sell a large quantity of this component to any one customer , or whether you would have any steal recently ... ext . poyenngyang , NORTH korea - establishing - day int . worker ' paradise hall - general kai be office - day General Kai stand in hushed conversation with the Army Major operative and another trust aide . the phone buzze ; the other leave the room before General Kai pick it up . int . worker ' paradise hall - operative's office - day behind close door , the operative listen to the phone call with a eavesdropping receiver . what he hear stun he . CUT to : ext . worker ' paradise hall - rooftop - day the operative be in he hide spot with he uplink device . operative ( urgently ; into device ) ... missile head to L.A. have a kipchak warhead ! repeat : missile be kipchak equip ! it be switch by order of -- a gunshot ring out ( os ) , and the operative 's chest explode in blood . he pitch forward ... but press the " transmit " button on the uplink device before die . on screen it say uplinking ... ( without scramble ) ... then another gunshot destroy it . angry , General Kai step into frame and kick the operative over with he foot . int . bachelor apartment - los angele - day Mrs. han and Joy sit motionless . Sam , on the other hand , be try not to squirm . Mrs. han look at he , angry . mrs . han he ask you if you have to go ... the family become aware of a shrill SOUND , ( os ) , distant at first , but grow increasingly louder ... the sound - level meter all begin to creep upward ... ext . apartment build - close - day a team of gardener have arrive on the property for they weekly mow , blow , and go . they have lawnmower , edger , blower -- it 's as noisy as a aircraft carrier during takeoff . int . bachelor apartment - day the SOUND be get louder , and louder ... joy oh , my God ... the meter be hover just below the red ... SAM pivot he head and look at the tiny microphone , no bigger than a pencil eraser , attach neatly to the headrest . he begin chew he wad of gum ... lean in toward the microphone , he head obscure what he 's do ... he move back and we see he 's sealed the front of the mic with a small piece of the gum . and he meter drop to zero . wider Sam tilt he head forward and bend he wrist upward so he can get the rest of the gum out of he mouth . then , while keep pressure on the armrest with he elbow , he move he hand over to Mrs. han . they can not quite reach each other ... he flick the piece of gum and she catch it . meanwhile , the noise increase . the two meter peak into the red ... the yellow warning light begin to flash ... Mrs . han quickly put the gum in she mouth , bite it in half , and cautiously pass the remainder over to Joy . Joy put the gum in she mouth . she try to push it over she mic , but she hair be in the way . she shake she head ; some hair strand remain , but she cover the mic just as the gardener ' noise reach a crescendo ... all three sound meter sit pin to zero . the yellow light stop flash . Sam , sweat , look at he mother and sister ... and start laugh . they join he : a celebration for a small victory . int . white house - conference room - dusk the clock on the wall read 7:13 , eastern time . the President , still on Air Force one , appear on the video link . cut the tension in the room with a knife ? you would need a chainsaw . president ( through video link ) so what the hell do " kipchak " mean ? intelligence officer uh , it 's a code name ... for weapon use the yersinia pestis bacillus ... he really do not want to be the one tell the President about this . intelligence officer ( continue ) kipchak be asian nomad . in 1347 they attack a genoese fort , and catapult infect corpse over the wall . the genoese who survive carry the disease back to Europe ... and it kill half the population . president ( through video link ) get to the goddamn point , Major . the Intelligence Officer look at the CIA Chief . CIA chief seem the missile be armed with a warhead carry the pneumonic Plague . the President go nut . president ( through video link ) the Black Plague ?! every time I talk to you fuckin ' guy it get worse ! what happen to this " limited retaliation " shit ? secretary of state the North korean insist the missile carry a conventional payload . they say we be try to trick they into abort the attack . secretary of defense especially since the uplink from we op in p'yungyang be unencrypt . CIA chief we think one of the hard-liner switch the warhead without the Premier 's knowledge . but he 's not about to take we word for it , and he 's too weak to risk the humiliation of back down . president ( incredulous ; through video link ) they use a biological weapon on american soil , they have to know we will respond ! secretary of state maybe they do not think we get the gut . maybe they want a war , ' cause they think they can whip we , like what happen in ' nam . look who we be deal with : a teeter , outlaw regime , and inside it , some wild - ass renegade work they screwy agenda ! president ( through video link ) what the hell be we do in l.a .? secretary of defense we have deploy Marines from pendleton and twenty - nine palm , Army from Ft. irwin , put them in protective suit , but it 's 40 minute before they be on the ground . president ( through video link ) all right . assume the worst ... what will happen ? the Intelligence Officer demonstrate with another of he computer graphic . intelligence officer the warhead vent the plague bacteria above the target area , infect about 50,000 people . first symptom be vomit , lymph node become swollen ; temperature rise to 105 '' . victim turn deep purple from lung hemorrhage , usually die the same day . ( beat ) there be treatment -- streptomycin and tetracycline -- but we would be overwhelm by the number and its extreme contagiousness . CIA chief we could have 500,000 infect in a week , who know how many after that . Long beat as everyone try to contemplate the unthinkable . president ( through video link ) I be gonna toast that fucker ! have the summit leader be warn ? FBI chief yes , sir ... no one 's landing in L.A. ' till we give the all - clear . president ( through video link ) and you be sure it 's safe if we can get them to destroy the missile in flight ? intelligence officer the bacteria can not survive the heat of a explosion . CIA chief I suggest none of this go any further -- not even to the agent work to find the family . Word leak out to a city of 12 million people there 's rocket full of the Plague come at them , you will create a panic of biblical proportion . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day everyone be painfully on edge . ambassador han pace . the FBI agent be on a phone or a radio , work lead . Colonel Lee mutter something to ambassador han in Korean . carson say what ? colonel lee perhaps someone will decide it be foolish to incur the wrath of North Korea . carson ( cross to Colonel Lee ) yeah , the U.S. be behind the whole thing . and we be knock we head , try to find you people , just for show . walther carson ... carson let 's grab a few beer , kick back ' till five o'clock roll by . then maybe we can have a war over it . I think that 's a great idea , see as how you fucker have need you clock clean for fifty year now ! colonel lee ( get up ) why wait until five ? ambassador han and walther keep carson and Colonel Lee from go at each other . miranda Pete ! ( sotto ) Christ , you be self - indulgent ! there 's nothing but anger and cynicism leave inside you , so they be all you can express any more . no wonder everyone in the Bureau think you be such a nutcase ! carson hey , I be not the only one with a rep around the office ... " Dr. knoll - it - all . " miranda ( hurt ) you have be die to tell I that ... she walk away . carson immediately regret say it . carson miranda ... ( to himself ) shit . ext . street of los angele - various angle - day lapd cruiser squeeze through the crowded street , fan out through the various party around town . cop walk through the crowd with copy of the picture javal fax , and photo of the han family and Lisa . ext . sky over pacific ocean - day the red-tipped cruise missile , fly at 550 mph , 400 foot above the water , streak toward its distant target . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day robbin be still work the phone . robbins ( into phone ) ... yeah , peerless Auto Security ... fine ... get you manager ... he put the receiver down , hit the speakerbox button and the mute button . he cross to Dave 's desk to grab some papers . we can hear the conversation at the alarm shop : installer # 1 ( vo ) ( through speakerbox ; muffle ) tell Jerry , pick up line one ! int . auto security shop - day a group of young installers horse around as they outfit luxury car with security system , high - end audio component , etc . installer # 2 Jerry 's outta here ! installer # 1 some cop 's ask if we sell a bunch of peerless part . installer # 2 talk to javal ! installer # 1 javal 's off today . installer # 3 dude 's off a lot . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day installer # 4 ( vo ) ( through speakerbox ) he 's use to it -- fuckin ' frenchy get the whole summer off . installer # 2 ( vo ) ( through speakerbox ) man 's canadian , dickweed ! installer # 1 ( vo ) ( through speakerbox ) you be gonna have to call back on Monday ... carson rush over to the phone . to the other in the room : carson everyone shut up ! ( into phone ) guy on vacation , the canadian -- installer # 1 ( vo ) ( through speakerbox ) -- yeah , javal ... carson ( into phone ) six foot , sandy hair , spooky eye ? installer # 1 ( vo ) ( through speakerbox ; laugh ) Zombie eye ! you know the man ? carson and miranda look at each other . bingo ! carson ( into phone ) I need a full name , address , anything you get ! installer # 1 ( vo ) ( through speakerbox ) Paul javal ... hang on , we will look it up ... this a immigration thing ? shit , he 's we best installer . new angle one of the Korean espionage Agents answer a ringing phone on Colonel Lee 's desk , listen , then hit the hold button . espionage agent Inspector carson , extension 666 ... carson that 's appropriate ... ( to Dave ) in 30 second you be gonna give I Paul javal 's shoe size . carson hurry over , grab the phone . we see he punch the button for x666 . carson ( continue ; into phone ) carson ... ext . federal build , westwood - establishing - day edward ( vo ) Edwards , sound Lab ... int . FBI SOUND lab - day edward , headphone around he neck , sit in front of a wall of audio analysis equipment . carson ( vo ) ( through phone ) whatta you get ? edward ( into phone ) ambient background sound be normal city stuff , but there 's a distinct echo pattern . you people be in or near a high - rise that 's at least eight floor tall . and there be other high - rise nearby . carson ( vo ) ( through phone ) how high up be they ? edward ( into phone ) no way to extrapolate that from the sample you give we . ( refer to note ) one more thing : there 's a emergency siren approach at 17 second into the second call , pass the location at 33.5 second . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day carson hang up the phone . carson okay -- high -rise in we search area . eight storey or higher . miranda downtown , century City , westwood corridor , Museum row , mid- wilshire ... North of sunset Strip there 's a few ... carson sabatini ! what about that billboard ? sabatini nothing yet ! everyone 's leave they goddamn office already ! carson ( to robbin ) lapd will have a record of all emergency vehicle run code 3 at 9:32 am . get they start point and they destination . miranda and have they narrow they foot - search to area around high -rise . carson ( to Dave ) where 's that fuckin ' address ?! dave I be still holdin ' ! meanwhile , we hear the high - pitch whine as Dave 's modem connect with another computer . Dave 's finger fly across the keyboard , and in a moment , a picture of javal appear : hair longer , bearded ... but the eye be unmistakable . dave ( continue ) he 's on we hit parade . interpol pass we he record when he enter the country . ( read ) french by birth ... look like a total scumbag . sabatini be not that redundant ? dave ( read from computer ) raise in Quebec . move to Europe ; serve some short stretch , petty shit ... arrest for kidnap , no conviction . do four year in France for blow bank vault . move to U.S. last year . clean since then . carson get he Driver 's license number ; Social ; bank account ; charge card ; club membership ... find out what movie he rent . get whoever 's close to the Auto shop to get in there , interview everybody . miranda this sure be a ballsy move for a car-alarm installer . carson hey , he watch the news ... everyone know the U.S. will do anything to avoid trouble with a mad - dog country . they turn , notice that ambassador han have overhear . miranda ambassador -- carson -- quit apologize for I ! miranda quit give I reason to ! ambassador han ( to carson ) on occasion , my wife have be know to kick my ankle under the table . miranda give carson a " you turn to be gracious " look . carson sound like she aim 's a little low . not exactly what miranda be hope for . Dave hand carson a piece of paper . dave address , accord to the Auto shop . carson ( look at paper ) apartment 1060 ! he 's in a high -rise ! sabatini -- you be with we . ( off robbin ' disappointed look ) she 's get the field experience . carson and miranda grab they jacket , then she stop . miranda there still could be accomplice . if there be , they will hear we in the helicopter . carson look again at the address ... carson there 's a tv station a couple block away . we will land on they pad . ( to robbin ) k - eye . clear it with them . have a swat team assemble , but tell them to hang back unless we need them . ext . osaka , japan - establishing - day super : osaka . western Japan . int . osaka apartment - day in the tiny bedroom of a wheelchair - bound japanese teenager , computer and ham radio equipment be stack everywhere . he turn on a tape recorder . we hear a faint , crackle voice : operative's voice ( vo ) ( on recorder ) ... missile head to L.A. have a kipchak warhead ! repeat : missile be kipchak equip ! the teenager roll to a computer run compuserve . he click the chat icon , type : " anyone up on they spy terminology ? " int . bachelor apartment - los angele - day with the gardener go , and they sound sensor disabled , Mrs. han , Joy and Sam be shout for help . they listen for a response ; it be completely quiet . ext . k- eye studio - landing pad - los angele - day just as the government helicopter land , bobbi 's news copter land right next to it . bobbi intercept carson , sabatini , miranda and Colonel Lee on the pad . her cameraman follow , eng camera on he shoulder , videotape everything . carson oh , great , the media ... ( realize ) it 's the goddamn traffic girl ! miranda traffic person . bobbi where be you go ? carson we can not get into that right now ... bobbi hey , you expect to use my station 's facility and not even tell we -- carson grab the eng camera , pop the videotape out of it and crush the tape . miranda ( to bobbi ) sorry ... bobbi ( look miranda over ) what the fuck be you , the barbie corporate ass -lick model ? miranda be utterly aghast . she reach under carson 's jacket and take the handcuffs off he shoulder rig . she grab bobbi by the arm and get she in a half - Nelson . miranda guess what , sister ... you be about to spend the next five year in a penitentiary for interfere with a federal investigation . the station manager come run out of the building . station manager bobbi ! I promise we would respect they news blackout ! bobbi ( to herself ) figure ... you dickless wonder . bobbi wriggle out of miranda 's grasp . carson look at he wife , who 's still fume , and smile to himself . the Station manager hand carson the key to he Lexus . station manager I get a exclusive later , right ? carson this work out , I will play the fuckin ' banjo for you . ext . sky over pacific ocean - day the cruise missile make a slight course adjustment . ext . street of los angele - various angle - day people begin to arrive at the event . booster pass out food , wine and beer ... and crank up the Beach boy tune . meanwhile , law enforcement car move into the area with high rise -- century City , westwood , downtown , etc . ext . U.S. AIR base - various angle - day a sign on the control tower read : U.S. Air Force , Okinawa . Flight crews direct a squadron of plane out onto the flight line : F - 16 fighter bomber , along with F - 15 fighter escort . they begin to take off ... ext . fountain avenue - day the Lexus be stick in a dense knot of traffic . carson get out and walk across the hood of the stop vehicle around he -- to much complaining by they owner -- until he find the reason for the jam- up : along the shoulder of the road , a long line of equipment trailer and motor home , cable , light , rent - a- cop and gawker . a movie shoot . carson groan . he hurry back to the Lexus . miranda roll she window down . carson we be hoof it . miranda and Colonel Lee immediately get out of the car and run off , leave sabatini to contend with it . sabatini ( piss ) ' she 's get the field experience ' ... to park the fuckin ' car ! ext . mimosa apartment - day a boxy , ten-story complex build in the sixty . int . mimosa apartment - day carson , ( FBI jacket fold over he arm ) miranda , and Colonel Lee rush into the lobby . carson be about to show the concierge behind the desk he i.d , but the concierge be nervous and sweat . carson pull out he sig 'mm , approach the door behind the desk , which be ajar ... he push it open ... and find himself stare at the muzzle of three m - 16 rifle . Three swat team member be stand there in full body armor . carson ( pull out he i.d . ) whoa ... FBI ..! they lower they weapon . carson ( continue ) how the hell you get here so fast ? swat team # 1 they be shootin ' a cop movie down the street . we be workin ' as extras . carson terrific . who else be here ? swat team # 1 Three officer on the roof , next building over , and two in the tenth - floor hallway . carson tell them to be cool . we be go up . ( to concierge ) give I you master key . ext . adjacent apartment - day the swat team sharpshooter crouch on the roof . swat team # 1 ( through radio ) fed go up -- anglo male and female ; asian male . int . mimosa apartment - underground parking lot - day sabatini drive the Lexus in and park it in the fire lane . int . mimosa apartment - hallway - day the fire door open next to a elevator with the number " 10 " on it , and carson , miranda and Colonel Lee come out . carson and miranda creep quietly along the hallway , toward apartment 1060 . carson listen at the door , hear nothing . he move to the next door down , apartment 1058 , and quietly unlock the door . int . mimosa apartment - # 1058 - day the shade be draw , and the apartment be dark . as carson and miranda cut through the apartment , they realize there 's a woman lie in the bed . she 's naked , and she 's not alone . someone be under the sheet . another woman . the first woman open she eye , see the intruder , and grab for a colt gold Cup .45 auto in the dresser drawer . woman what the fuck ..! her friend sit up . miranda hold she finger to she lip and show they she FBI shield . miranda sorry ... carson crank open they window and step out onto the foot - wide , ornamental balcony . carson ( to miranda ) wait here . she begin to protest . he shoot she a look that silence she . ext . mimosa apartment - day the swat sharpshooter watch from the next building over as carson , ten floor up , peer through the slit in between the curtain into the window of javal 's apartment . he swing he leg over onto javal 's ornamental balcony ... the bolt hold the rail onto the wall be loose and rusty ... the balcony slip a little ... he lean on the crank -operate window until it snap open . int . mimosa apartment - javal' apartment - day carson step inside . he look around the bedroom -- it 's empty . no furnishings , the closet shelf be bare , even the picture on the wall be go , leave only they outline . carson cautiously go into the live room -- it 's also empty . all that remain be a few cardboard box , and three flower pot in macram '' ceiling hanger by the live room window . some dead leave lie on the floor beneath they . carson ( into radio ) I be in . it 's empty , but sit tight while I look around . carson cautiously approach the cardboard box . int . mimosa apartment - # 1058 - day the clock on the bedstand read 4:25 . miranda smile uncomfortably at the two naked woman together in bed . miranda I like what you have do with the place ... int . mimosa apartment - hallway - day the elevator ding . sabatini come out , h&amp ; k mp - 5 in hand . swat team # 2 , stand on the far side of the hallway with Colonel Lee , see she machine pistol and take aim . colonel lee wait ! Colonel Lee walk over to sabatini . sabatini where 's carson ? colonel lee Inside . sabatini start down the hall . Colonel Lee stay where he be . int . mimosa apartment - javal' apartment - day carson cautiously peer in the move box . they be empty . he cross to the front door , look it over , unlock the deadbolt . he turn the knob , the button pop open ... he stop , notice a hairline seam in the doorjamb where a piece be cut , then neatly replace . then , he 's startle as he hear a strange , mechanical whining noise come from the kitchen . he go to investigate -- it 's a almost - dead , avocado - green refrigerator strain to start its compressor . he look for booby - trap , open it , and look inside . empty . look down , he notice he 's get a dead leaf stick to the bottom of he shoe . glancing in the live room , he see the dead leave on the floor below the three hang plant . he look at the plant : two be dead . the one in the middle be not . it 's plastic . we hear the jiggle of the front doorknob . carson no ! -- too late ... the front door open .... carson crouch behind the big , heavy refrigerator door ... as the middle flower pot explode . it 's a shrapnel bomb : it spew thousand of tiny carpet tack 360 degree around room . sabatini be hit full on -- she fall backwards into the hall . int . mimosa apartment - # 1058 - day miranda and the woman in the darken bedroom scream as the tack tear hundred of hole through section of the wall . tiny shaft of light appear in the wall , except where it be cover by furniture ( keep they from be shred . ) int . mimosa apartment - hallway - day swat team # 2 and Colonel Lee come run , as do miranda . carson be kneel next to sabatini . she look up at he and try to say something , but a only long , mournful , final breath escape she . agonize , carson look around ... and see Colonel Lee . he lunge for he . carson I say keep everyone back !! he punch Colonel Lee in the jaw . Colonel Lee slam against the wall , then come back at carson , hit he in the throat . miranda stop it ! miranda and swat team # 2 pull they apart . carson ( to Colonel Lee ) get out of my sight . he kneel next to sabatini , and close she eye . int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day it 's in between report . the cameraman listen to the grateful Dead on a boom BOX . bobbi answer she ringing cell phone . bobbi ( into phone ) marchfelder . station manager ( vo ) ( through phone ) you date the Mayor , right ? bobbi ( sigh ; into phone ) you need a traffic ticket fix ? station manager ( vo ) ( excited ; through phone ) try to confirm something for we . there 's a incredible buzz on the Internet -- someone pick up a classified message on a U.S. Intelligence frequency . we think it 's authentic ! ext . street of los angele - various angle - day the street of Hollywood be even more congest than before , as the festivity really start rockin' . int . government helicopter - ( aerial shot ) - day carson and miranda sit together in the back and Colonel Lee sit next to the Pilot as they fly back to the Consulate . miranda look at carson , who 's try real hard not to let sabatini 's death slow he down . carson ( into radio ) what 's the status ? robbins ( vo ) ( through radio ) wilshire and West PD division have seven vehicle run with siren at 9:32 . they be get the route from the officer now . carson ( into radio ) hurry it the hell up . he glance over at miranda . after a beat : carson ( continue ) I should have know she would come up . miranda Pete -- carson -- " should have . " shit , there 's a familiar word . ( long beat ) that day ... I be there soon enough . we should have rush them , before they could finish set up ... miranda the Bureau never would have let you . they want it by the book : talk they out . carson look out the window , not hearing a word she say ... dissolve to : int . / ext . beverly thrift - ( flashback ) - day carson be in the FBI command truck , talk on the phone to : a bank robber , barricade inside the bank . phone in hand , he hold a shotgun on a dozen hostage : bank employees and customer -- include a couple of young kide . one be hold a soccer-size , rainbow - color rubber ball . the other bank robber wire up a series of explosive charge . both robber rush inside the vault , and pull the door close to protect themselves ... the front of the building , where the hostage be , explode . carson run to the bank . he spot the kid 's ball , roll in the street ... burning . he turn away , horrify , devastate ... dissolve to : int . government helicopter - ( aerial shot ) - day carson twelve body -- only the hostage . miranda you be a greenhorn . it be not you decision . you can not keep live as such a raw nerve , never sleep -- carson -- that kid be ten year old ! ( sotto ) same age as the han boy ... he turn away . she take he hand . int . bachelor apartment - day the family continue to call for help . as they do , we CUT to : int . hallway just outside apartment - day they cry echo faintly through a desert tangle of ladder , construction equipment , sheet of drywall , etc . a warning sign tape to the wall near the elevator read : this floor have be temporarily vacate for minor earthquake retrofitting . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day the mood be glum . carson look at robbin , Dave and walther , then at the empty chair where sabatini have be sit . carson c'mon ! who 's pull javal 's bank record ? what about cross-referencing possible aliase ? we get 33 minute ! hear Beach boy music on the tv 's and radio on the surveillance console , carson angrily punch they all off . suddenly , miranda look at he : miranda camry ! the billboard ! Toyota camry ! ( reach for phone ) where be the number for the outdoor ad company ? robbins parker Center 's make that call . int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day bobbi and the News cameraman be argue bitterly : bobbi turn the fuckin ' camera on ! do it !! cameraman maybe it 's true ... probably be true . that 's why they get a news blackout ! bobbi I will rip you miserable eyeball out ! news be our fuckin ' job !! he sigh and turn the camera on . int . bachelor apartment - include angle on tv - day the han family listen to bobbi , amaze , horrify ... bobbi ( on tv ) ... a warning be radioe to U.S. Intelligence that a biological weapon , allegedly contain the deadly pneumonic Plague , be approach Los Angeles . while unconfirm , the President and other leader be all late in arrive ... int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day the tv 's be off -- so they see none of bobbi 's report . carson cross to Dave . he 's at he computer , look at a long column of telephone number . dave finally get the call list from javal 's phone . most be not he ; they be from the legit user who do not know he number be clone . carson go to the bottom of the list , work back through the last 12 hour . Dave jump to the bottom , point at a number . dave here 's the call to the Consulate -- 965-5000 . ( while scrolling ) the rest be dupe ... all from the other guy ... carson wait ... go back ... the one at seven this morning ... Dave highlight a number : 213-965-5666 . wider carson glance over at the telephone on Colonel Lee 's desk . ( flashback ) - close on phone from when carson take a call there , push the mute button . ( flashback ) - extreme close up on the label show the phone 's extension number : " x666 . " back to scene across the room , Colonel Lee be watch carson intently . carson turn to look at he . they make eye contact . time stand still . realization . feeling like he 's move in slow motion , carson reach for the sig 'mm in he shoulder holster . Colonel Lee grab the amd - 74 machine gun on the desk . carson get down ! Colonel Lee strafe the room and back toward the door . the bullet trace a line across the room . one of the North Korean espionage Agents be hit . he slam against the console . carson tackle ambassador han and shove he onto the floor , while pop off several round in Colonel Lee 's direction . robbin also dive for cover , push walther down first . robbin take a bullet in the shoulder . miranda be hit . the impact tumble she over the desk . carson ( continue ) miranda ! Colonel Lee , still firing , slip out the door . gunsmoke hang in the air as carson scramble to miranda . several phone have begin ringing . no one notice they . Dave never move -- he sit hunch over , clutching he notebook computer , mutter the hail mary . carson roll miranda over . she 's get a large , scorched bullet hole in the front of she blouse . carson tear she blouse open . she 's wear a kelvar vest under it , and the slug be mushroom against the vest . she awaken , gasp and start swinging she fist at he . carson be overwhelm with relief . then he notice robbin , bleed profusely , propped against the wall next to walther . walther be dead -- shot in the head . os , we hear several spurt of machine gun fire , and a car engine roaring to life . miranda look at carson ... miranda go ..! ext . wilshire blvd - day the city 's reaction to bobbi 's announcement be immediate and severe . it make the panic during the ' 92 riot look like a drive in the country . ext . NORTH korean consulate - day carson burst through the door just as the second armored mercede crash through the wrought- iron entry gate . carson fire several shot , which ping harmlessly off the mercede . carson sprint for a car . miranda 's volvo be the close one . int . carson' volvo - day as carson be start it , the passenger door open and ambassador han get in . carson get the fuck out of here ! ambassador han respond by put on he seat belt . carson sigh and tear out of the driveway . ext . fremont place - day Colonel Lee crash through the fremont place guard gate , then hang a right on wilshire . he drive the center turn lane , zoom past the snarl of car . ext . NORTH korean consulate - day in the back of the Consulate , miranda , sore as hell , climb into the government copter . it whine to life and take off . int . carson' volvo - ( moving shot ) - day carson look around at the chaos around they . carson shit , it 's like a godzilla movie out here ! then he hear , on a nearby car 's fm radio : fm newscaster ( vo ) ( through car radio ) ... this word , which have terrify the city : recording of bobbi ( vo ) ( through car radio ) ... a biological weapon , allegedly contain the deadly pneumonic Plague , be approach Los Angeles ... stun , carson look over at ambassador han , who bury he face in he hand . carson ( into radio ) miranda ..! miranda ( vo ) ( through radio ) I hear . I be in the copter . carson ( into radio ) I want you to get out of here ... int . government helicopter - ( aerial shot ) - day miranda be fly just behind carson 's volvo . the traffic be beyond nightmarish . she smile at he concern for she . miranda ( into radio ) shut up and keep you eye on the road . that 's my goddamn car . ( beat ; into radio ) Dave ? you stay on top of the research ? int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day sweating , Dave be watch the action outside on a tv while hurriedly bandage robbin ' shoulder with some tear cloth . he grab for the two - way and we realize he 's panic . dave ( into radio ) I can not ... my kid ... miranda ( vo ) ( through radio ; calmly ) listen : the best way to help they be to stay at you computer . if any information come in , holler . okay ? he squeeze he eye shut ... after a long beat : dave ( into radio ) okay ... ext . sky over los angele - ( aerial shot ) - day several large military helicopter approach -- troop contingent from pendleton and Ft. irwin . the big ch - 54 dual - rotor copter set down and offload marine and army infantry . other , like Apache gunship combat copter and huey , begin to follow the pursuit . they join the police and tv copter , and it look like the ride of the valkyry . ext . street of los angele - various angle - day people flee from the festivity in drove . see the helicopter and troops in bio suit only fuel the hysteria . we hear news report come from car radio , boom box , tv 's . Reporters chatter urgently in English , Spanish , japanese , Korean , farsi , they voice mixing with the shout of pedestrian , the rumbling and horn-blow of the traffic ... everyone , everywhere be get into they car in a mad dash to get out of town or rendezvous with love one . this be the mother of all rush hour . ext . western avenue - day Colonel Lee 's car turn right onto western Avenue . he 's in the heart of koreatown -- hardly any of the sign be in English . he swerve through the panicked driver jam the road -- in the center lane , or into the oncoming traffic . the car he hit crumple against the mercede without slow it down . carson 's volvo follow , squeezing through traffic in its wake . int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) day bobbi be salivate with excitement ( and antacid . ) she snap off she mic and yell at she cameraman : bobbi do not lose the benz , moron ... pull back ... show the other copter around we ... this be fuckin ' great ... int . carson' volvo - ( moving shot ) - day ambassador han look glumly at the chaos in the street . carson ... the Colonel hire javal , make it look like he be work alone . then he make sure javal get kill , so we would never find you family -- and they would have a excuse to drop they bomb . but what 's in it for them ? ambassador han there be man in my government whose power depend on North Korea stay as it be : Socialist , repressive , isolate from the world . they will resort to anything , even war , to keep it that way . they have the Hitler syndrome : if they country can not exist the way they want it , they would rather see it destroy . ext . western avenue - day Colonel Lee get stick in a line of car try to get onto the 10 East . above , a swarm of helicopter circle he . int . apache helicopter - ( aerial shot ) - day Marine major vreeland and he pilot sit in the lead helicopter , a Apache gunship . int . carson' volvo - ( moving shot ) - day carson lean on the horn and try to push through traffic . vreeland ( vo ) ( through radio ) FBI , this be Major vreeland . discontinue you pursuit , we be gonna box he ear from up here . carson ( into radio ) negative -- he car 's armored ! and we need the bastard alive !! vreeland ( vo ) ( through radio ) we have get the situation in hand . int . colonel lee' mercede - day Colonel Lee see the Apache helicopter approach . he lean into the back seat , knock the top off a long , plastic crate . int . apache helicopter - ( aerial shot ) - day the sunroof on the mercede slide open . Colonel Lee 's upper body poke through the sunroof . he 's hold a manportable s.a.m. -- a 3 - foot-long , fiberglass rocket launcher . vreeland try to bring he machine gun to bear on Colonel Lee , but there 's no time ... vreeland ( to Pilot ) shit ! pull back ! ext . colonel lee' mercede - day Colonel Lee depress the trigger on the launcher and a roll - pin-size rocket be expelled . ext . sky above western avenue - day the rocket slam into a police helicopter just in front of the Apache , create a huge fireball , turn the copter into two ton of red-hot shrapnel . int . carson' volvo - day carson and ambassador han watch with horror . int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day a hundred yard away , they be buffeted by the explosion . bobbi ( to tv camera ) Jesus fuckin ' God !!! ( beat ; smile ) uh , I think we be gonna set down now . back to you , Brent . ext . western avenue - various angle - day the burn hull of the police copter crash into a mini - mall , cause a FIRE and explosion . hot metal and debris ping and pop as it rain over the neighborhood , send car and pedestrian rush for cover . ext . helicopter - day vreeland 's Apache and the remain helicopter scramble away . vreeland ( into radio ) out of the air , or retreat 7,000 meter from target vehicle ! the copter set down in parking lot , rooftop , wherever . armed troops climb out to keep panicked mob from swarm they in a attempt to leave the city . int . bachelor apartment - include angle on tv - day the han family watch the tv , amaze , as Colonel Lee duck back down into the mercede and close the sunroof . joy I always hate that guy ... ext . santa monica freeway - day other driver , not know whether Colonel Lee 's rocket be the biological missile , scatter away from he . Colonel Lee squeeze onto the freeway on -ramp . int . carson' volvo - ( moving shot ) - day piece of burn debris be still landing nearby . carson look at ambassador han : carson one of yours ? ( han nod ) what the hell do you need heat - seek rocket for in l.a.? ambassador han there could be another riot ... carson ( shake he head ) and they call I Mr. overkill . ( into radio ) Dave , what do you know about ... he look at han . ambassador han strela - 2 ... carson ( into radio ) strela - 2 anti-aircraft rocket ? int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day Dave , calmer but still sweat , tap at he computer . a schematic of Colonel Lee 's rocket launcher appear on it . dave ( into radio ) I be with ya ... strela - 2 . perenosniy zenitniy raketniy komplek . Russian factory index 9k-32-m2 -- carson ( vo ) ( through radio ) -- skip the goddamn trivia ! I need range , guidance , arming method , anything we can work with ... miranda ( vo ) ( through radio ) -- you do not " work with " rocket , Peter ! int . police cruiser - ( moving shot ) - day miranda have hitched a ride in a black - and -white . miranda ( into radio ) stay back . lapd 's put up a roadblock . ext . santa monica freeway - day several police car clear a path for two huge , yellow dwp bulldozer borrow from a construction cite . they rumble up onto the eastbound freeway , turn , and then stop , side by side , face oncoming traffic . they lower they huge front shovel to create a roadblock . int . news copter - close - day bobbi sit impatiently , microphone in hand ... wider the copter have land behind a am - pm minimart / gas station . bobbi , she Pilot and she cameraman turn when they hear a knocking on the windshield of they copter ... oblivious to the panic on the street , a raggedy homeless guy stand with a spray bottle , want to wash the window on the copter . bobbi gulp some mylanta and wave he away : bobbi save it for someone who give a shit ! ext . street of los angele - various angle - day all of the celebration locale be trample , abandon mess . so much for " fun fun fun " and L.A. put on its best . mob make panicked run on the stock in grocery , drug and hardware store . violence break out in the aisle and parking lot . people in they home work feverishly to seal they door and window against the plague with tape , towel , plastic . int . colonel lee' mercede - ( moving shot ) - day Colonel Lee screech to a stop 500 foot from the bulldozer , angle the mercede so the driver 's door be face they . ext . santa monica freeway - day the window on the mercede glide open .... carson hurry to catch up to it ... Colonel Lee fire a rocket at the bulldozer through the driver 's side window . the backblast from the launcher vent through the passenger 's side . the rocket impact the bulldozer on the leave ; the explosion actually flip the huge machine head over tail into the air . the bulldozer land upside down on the lane divider , crush a portion of it . Colonel Lee roll up he window and drive around the burn wreckage . the other driver really give he wide berth now ... ext . harbor freeway - day approach downtown , Colonel Lee turn onto the 110 north . int . carson' volvo - ( moving shot ) - day traffic move aside for Colonel Lee 's notorious mercede . carson catch up to it . dave ( vo ) ( through radio ) ... the strela - 2 need 45 meter to arm , so stay tight on he ass . carson slam he volvo into the mercede . ambassador han brace himself on the dashboard . carson look over at he . carson that kraut-mobile have any weakness you would like to tell I about ? ambassador han I do not think so -- they say it be solid as a rock . carson ( look at he crumpled car ) no shit ... as carson move forward , Colonel Lee 's window open enough to allow the barrel of he amd - 74 machine gun to poke through . carson shove ambassador han 's head down and duck . Colonel Lee strafe the volvo . carson look up just in time to see ... a pickup truck , ahead , stall on the shoulder . carson slam on the brake , but it 's too late ... the volvo crash headfirst into the back of the truck . the volvo 's airbag deploy , stop carson and ambassador han from plow into the dashboard . after a beat : ambassador han ( daze ) I can not believe I be still alive ... carson this be a Hyundai you would not be . ambassador han look at carson , wonder if he 's put he on . the car be a twisted mess . carson can not get the door open . ext . harbor freeway - day a red and white lafd paramedic 's ambulance put on its siren and hurry to the volvo . two paramedics jump out . carson get I out of here ... they pry he door open with a crowbar . carson climb onto the roof of he car . grimace from pain , he look around . carson ( continue ; into radio ) anybody see he ? miranda ( vo ) ( through radio ) still head north on the 110 . the paramedics pry the passenger door open and help ambassador han out . carson look at the ambulance . he 's get a idea ... carson ( into radio ) Dave ... you be sure that rocket be heat-seeking ? dave ( vo ) ( through radio ) classic ir , reflective optical system . how come ? carson ( into radio ) just keep work you lead ... carson climb into the back of the ambulance . int . ambulance - day carson rummages through the supplies , find what he 's look for , and ( below frame ) start stuff they into a canvas bag . ext . santa monica freeway - day carson climb onto the roof of the ambulance . carson ( into radio ) this be carson . I need a copter . ext . helicopter - ( various angle ) - day everyone in the ground helicopter -- lapd , National Guard , Marines , media -- react to carson 's request as if he 's crazy . carson ( vo ) ( through radio ) something small and nimble . anybody ... come in low , from the south ... I be on a ambulance by the 9th Street exit . miranda ( vo ) ( through radio ) be you out of you mind ? int . news copter - day bobbi be stand next to she copter in the back of the minimart , listen to this exchange on a police scanner . her cameraman be eat a microwave burrito . bobbi jump in , grab the eng camera , and yell at she Pilot : bobbi get this fuckin ' thing in the air ! ( to cameraman ) out ! not enough room for four . cameraman ( as they take off ) what be I suppose to do when the plague come , hold my breath ? int . police cruiser - ( moving shot ) - day they rapidly cut through the traffic . miranda ( into radio ) switch to a secure channel . ( flip a switch ) what on earth be you think ? carson ( vo ) ( through radio ) I will make he open the sunroof . someone can shoot tear gas or a percussion grenade inside . miranda ( into radio ) Pete , you have not go ... suicidal or anything on I , have you ? carson ( vo ) ( through radio ) no way . I could not stand make so many people happy . ext . harbor freeway - day carson wave he arm as he see a helicopter approach . the glare from the sun mask the copter 's marking . it hover above he . with the canvas bag sling over he shoulder , carson jump up onto the runner , then climb up inside the cockpit . int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day carson close the door , then see bobbi . carson you ?! I want a police copter ! pilot just tell I what to do . I fly two tour in ' nam . bobbi and he do not go unless I go ! carson wrong -o ... CUT to : ext . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day the door open and bobbi come tumbling out of it ! wider they be hover above the roof of a high -rise hotel downtown . bobbi land with a huge splash in the rooftop swim pool . bobbi surface , sputtering and scream : bobbi I be a respected electronic journalist , you fuckin ' prick !! carson reply by toss she industrial - size bottle of mylanta out after she . ext . sky above ocean - follow cruise missile - day in the distance , there be smog on the horizon . int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day they follow the 110 north . ahead , carson see the mercede cut across lane . carson ( into radio ) get 'im -- look like he 's head for the 101 . int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day carson have the Pilot hover just above and behind the mercede . it come to a stop and the sunroof open up . carson lash himself to the copter 's center post with a piece of the seat harness , then slide the door open . he reach into the canvas bag and take out a road flare . he break the flare open , igniting it . carson ( to Pilot ) pull hard to the leave , on my signal ... he brace himself on door jamb ... below , Colonel Lee 's head poke up from the sunroof . ext . colonel lee' mercede - day Colonel Lee calmly aim the rocket launcher and fire . int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day carson toss the light flare , hard , away from the helicopter . carson now ! the Pilot swing the helicopter in the other direction , and the rocket follows the flare , streaking past the helicopter . a few second later , the rocket explode in midair behind they . int . police cruiser - ( moving shot ) - day miranda see what carson be do . miranda you fuck lunatic !! int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day the News Pilot look over at carson . pilot hope you get more flare than he 's get rocket . ext . harbor freeway - day miranda and the L.A. cop , both hold small tear gas pistol , split up . crouch behind the car on the freeway , they sneak up on the stop mercede . int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day carson take another flare out of the canvas bag . he break the top off ... and it do not ignite . below , Colonel Lee load another rocket into the launcher ... ext . harbor freeway - day miranda be climb the metal stair lead to a graffiti - cover freeway sign . int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day carson fumble to pull another flare out of the canvas bag . ext . harbor freeway - day avoid coil of razor - sharp concertina wire around the sign , miranda fire a tear gas canister at the mercede ' sunroof . it miss , bounce off the windshield , fill the area with white smoke . Colonel Lee keep he eye on the copter ... int . news copter - ( aerial shot ) - day carson get the new flare light and throw it away from the copter just as Colonel Lee fire another rocket . the rocket explode a few dozen yard away . shrapnel pepper the copter , damaging the rear rotor . struggle to maintain control , the Pilot head for the Sixth Street on -ramp , below the freeway , out of the line of fire . ext . harbor freeway - day Colonel Lee spot miranda , up on the freeway sign , load another tear gas canister . he strafe the sign . she flatten ; the bullet tear through the sign above she . the L.A. cop rush the mercede . Colonel Lee fire at he , hit he across the leg . Colonel Lee duck back into the mercede and drive away . various angle as miranda come down from the sign ... carson climb up the embankment from Sixth Street to the 101 ... the down L.A. cop wave as a pair of ambulance drive up , light flash and siren wailing . carson run alongside one of the ambulance , pull the driver 's door open before it 's stop . the paramedic be the one who help he and ambassador han out of the volvo . carson yank he out of he ambulance . miranda sorry ... int . ambulance - ( moving shot ) - day carson jump in . miranda climb in the passenger 's side . as he peel away , miranda smack carson on the head . miranda you be completely derange ! play chicken with rocket ! carson well , what the hell be you do out there ? ambassador han ( os ) what be both of you do ? carson turn , surprised and annoyed to see ambassador han , he arm bandage , lie in the cot in the back . carson oh , for Christ 's sake ... hold on ! light and siren go , they rush into the 110/101 interchange . ahead , Colonel Lee 's mercede be drive through the car that be parting like the Red Sea for he . miranda even if we can pry he out with ... ( look at she watch ) twelve minute to go , I doubt he will be very cooperative . carson I will just use my outstanding people skill . carson glance up at the sign show the upcoming exit : Glendale Blvd - echo Park . a think be form ... carson ( continue ; to ambassador han ) that car 's like a rock , right ? ext . hollywood freeway - day carson suddenly cut to the leave . when they reach the Glendale Blvd exit , he slam the ambulance into the side of the mercede , force it onto the freeway off-ramp . int . colonel lee' mercede - ( moving shot ) - day carson push the mercede across Bellevue Avenue , toward the park surround echo Lake . Colonel Lee strafe the ambulance . ext . glendale blvd - day carson keep bumping the mercede as they reach Glendale Blvd , run right alongside the lake . with a hard shove , carson send the mercede skidding off the road , through the small guardrail , and into the lake . carson slam on the brake , fishtail the ambulance into the grass surround the lake . sig 9 mm in hand , he hop out . the mercede be so heavy that it 's already half - submerge . int . / ext . colonel lee' mercede - day water pour in from the floorboard , the air vent ... Colonel Lee climb out through the sunroof and fire at carson with he amd - 74 . ext . echo lake - day carson duck behind the ambulance , take careful aim ... and shoot Colonel Lee , winging he in the shoulder . Colonel Lee 's machine gun go fly , and he tumble into the water . meanwhile , cop , Army , Marines , etc. arrive via helicopter and car . Major vreeland be among they . the news media , eng camera bounce on they shoulder , run alongside they . closer carson race over to grab Colonel Lee , who be slogging out of the lake . there be a glint of bright steel ... and Colonel Lee slashes at carson with a knife . carson move aside ... but the knife slice across he upper arm . carson fall backwards . Colonel Lee , on hand and knee , try to crawl away . suddenly , someone kick he in face , flipping he over . it 's miranda . Colonel Lee 's knife go fly . carson , bleed , pile onto Colonel lee. vreeland assist . Colonel Lee fight like mad to break free ... until miranda jam she heel into he groin . he cry out . miranda ever hear of " fuck - I " pump ? well , this be fuck you pump ! ( push harder ) where 's the family ? surprise at he wife 's new negotiate technique , carson shoot a look at vreeland . vreeland grimace . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day Dave sit in front of he computer , phone receiver rest on he shoulder , rivete by the action on the tv . dave Holy shit -- knoll - it - all 's turn into dirty harriet ! he turn as he modem squawk and another download come in . dave ( continue ; into phone ) you be sure there be no account in the other name I give you ? ext . echo lake - day while miranda continue to apply encouragement to Colonel Lee 's gonad , ambassador han limp over . he yell some order at Colonel Lee . after a moment , Colonel Lee sag . ambassador han let he up . carson 's not so sure , but they be completely surround by military and law enforcement personnel . he release he grasp . miranda remove she heel . then , with lightning reflex , Colonel Lee grab vreeland 's rock Island arsenal colt .45 Auto from its snap-holster . colonel lee Victory ! carson dive back onto he . but he twist he arm around and pull the trigger -- with the muzzle underneath he own chin . carson , miranda and ambassador han be spraye with he blood . wider dumbfound everybody look at each other ... carson , dogge , kneel next to Colonel Lee 's body and search through he pocket , look for something , anything . ext . sky above ocean - follow cruise missile - day ahead , in the distance , the coastline come into view . int . bachelor apartment - day the family stare at the tv . Mrs. han purse she lip ... fight it ... a tear roll down she face . the time : 4:51 . ext . echo lake - day carson reach for he two - way radio . carson ( into radio ) Dave ... int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day Dave be look at the tv , pay no attention to he computer . include computer as some bank record be be download : fax image of process check scroll down the screen . carson ( vo ) ( through radio ) anything else come through ? dave ( numb ; into radio ) take a hint . we be screw . carson ( vo ) ( through radio ) not yet ... shake he head , Dave glance at he computer ... closer just in time to glimpse the word " first &amp ; last + deposit " on one of the check as it scroll off the screen . dave fumble to scroll back to the check . dave ( into radio ) wait ! one of javal 's alias account : check for a apartment rental ! carson ( vo ) ( through radio ) you be shittin ' ... where ?! CUT to : ext . bachelor apartment - angle on window - day through the sheer curtain over the window we can see the han family sit in they booby - trap chair . dave ( vo ) Park La brea ! we pull back ... they be way up in a high-rise building ... the camera continue to pull back , farther and farther ... ... revealing 4,222 apartment unit , on 168 acre . the building in which the apartment be locate be one of 18 identical , 13 - story tower stand side - by-side in a series of hexagon . ext . echo lake - day vreeland 's Apache helicopter lift off . int . apache helicopter - ( aerial shot ) - day miranda look at carson , then check she watch . 4:52 . carson ( into radio ) ... have the manager evacuate the complex . find out which unit the family 's in , but do not let anyone go in ' till we get there . int . NORTH korean consulate - surveillance room - day Dave , re-energize , be juggling the phone and the radio . dave ( into radio ) private security 's go around with PA 's , and they set off the fire alarm . ( into phone ) well , try callin ' he again ! ( into radio ) manager 's go , and the Assistant can not find the key to get to the rental manifest . ( into phone ) then kick the fuckin ' door down ! int . park LA brea office - day the dense Assistant manager , milton , stand in the outer office , stare at the inner office 's close door . milton ( into phone ) I will try he in he car again ... during this , outside : westec guard ( os ) ( through car-mount PA ) tenants -- leave you apartment at once ... take the stair ... int . apache helicopter - ( aerial shot ) - day carson stick the radio in he pocket and look at miranda . carson " fuck - you " pump ?? int . bachelor apartment - day the hostage can hear the whooping fire alarm and the ( os ) announcement . Joy look at Mrs. han , hopeful . joy they must know we be here ... all help ! no answer . ext . park LA brea - day Police car , military vehicle , fire truck , etc . converge on the complex from all direction . several helicopter circle the complex . one have a PA in it : voice thru PA han family . show we you location ... int . bachelor apartment - day the family listen , frustrated , as the helicopter circle ( os ) . Joy carefully slide she arm along the arm rest , then try to coax something out of she pocket -- she Zippo lighter . joy mother ... Sam ... they look over at she as she light it . after a beat , Mrs. han understand ... she hesitates , then : mrs . han do it . Joy drop the lighter to the floor , then swat it with she foot to Mrs. han . she do the same , pass it to Sam , who 's sit close to the window . with one eye on the vu movement meter , Sam kick the lighter , slide it across the carpet toward the curtain . int . park LA brea office - day several cop and marine burst into the office . milton , the Assistant manager , cower as they shoot the lock off the door to the inner office and rush in . milton it 's a brown binder ... say " rental manifest . " you can not miss it ... they literally tear the office apart . int . bachelor apartment - day the FIRE be consume the curtain . thick , toxic smoke begin to fill the tiny apartment , and everyone start cough . int . apache helicopter - ( aerial shot ) - day they circle , overwhelm by the sheer number of apartment . carson ( into radio ) apartment number would be real helpful , gang ... miranda point to a wisp of smoke above one of the tower . miranda there ! they come around , and spot the FIRE in the apartment 's window . it be nine storey up , four storey below the top floor . ext . sky above ocean - follow cruise missile - day the coast loom closer . ext . park LA brea - include apache helicopter - day the Apache hover parallel to the apartment , 20 foot away . carson feed out a steel cable from a winch ... then throw a spring - load grapple hook onto the thick , iron balcony railing . hanging onto a webbed rescue harness , carson slide quickly across the line , onto the balcony . use the butt of he sig 'mm , he break a hole in the glass on the lock slide glass door . he reach through and unlatch it . int . bachelor apartment - day the flame have engulf both set of curtain and have begin to creep across the floor and the ceiling . carson glance over at the electronics on the tv : 4:55 pm . the family be cough from the smoke , try not to panic . in the kitchen , Lisa can not cough through the tape on she mouth . she 's freaking out . see this , carson run over to she and pull the tape off . she start scream , so he grab she face . carson okay ... work with I here ! he grab one of the refrigerator handle and pull , but it will not come loose . Lisa cry out in frustration . lisa hurry , please hurry ... carson spot javal 's toolbox . in it , he find a socket set handle , which he lever in between the refrigerator handle and the door . he rip one handle loose , then the other . carson turn he attention to the booby - trap chair . Lisa sit on the floor , frantically pull she handcuff hand around she foot so they be in front of she , then run for the front door . just as she reach it : carson don 't ! he grab she before she open the door . there 's a small magnetic sensor at the top of the door jamb . carson ( continue ) we have to go out the window . mrs . han can not you disarm the bomb ? carson too risky . let 's concentrate on get you out of here . he look at the meter on the electronic unit . carson ( continue ) sound detector ? mrs . han Sam cover they with chew gum . SAM High -tech problem , low -tech solution . carson look at Sam , impressed , then peer under the chair . carson pressure sensor . use them in convertible : bad guy sit on you seat , he set the alarm off . this be rig backwards -- get up , you set them off . SAM you a bomb expert ? carson nope . but I have have some car alarm in my day . ( to himself ) for all the goddamn good they do ... carson look around , think . he spot the roll of duct tape on the table , grab it and unroll a long piece . carson ( continue ; to Mrs. han ) slide you arm forward ... watch the meter ... keep the pressure on the armrest with you elbow ... he wrap the armrest with tape , cinching it tight . carson ( continue ) it will squeeze the sensor , duplicate the weight of you arm ... okay ... pick it up . they look at each other , scared ... after a beat , she do . the meter jiggle ... but stay in the black ! everyone sigh with relief . carson repeat the process on she other armrest . carson ( continue ; to Sam ) low-tech solution ... ( to Mrs. han ) lean back ... carefully . carson feel for the sensor in the seat , find it bury under Mrs. han 's thigh . he run a long piece of tape around the seat and wrap it tightly . he try to lift Mrs. han , but the meter move to the red . miranda ( vo ) ( through radio in he pocket ) how 's it go in there ? carson ( to himself ) nag , nag , nag ... he wrap another piece of tape around the seat , and try again to lift she . this time it work ! ext . sky above ocean - follow cruise missile - day the missile have almost reach land . ext . U.S. fighter bomber - sky over sea of japan - day travel toward the Korean dmz . int . / ext . bachelor apartment - include apache helicopter - day time : 4:58 . the Apache helicopter hovering outside be make a incredible racket . carson be help Joy get free of she chair . as she stand , the piece of she hair stick to the gum over the microphone head begin to pull the gum away ! Mrs. han see the meter head for the red , and the yellow warning light flash ... she grab carson 's arm . carson quickly cover the mic ... the meter drop to zero . wider the FIRE be spread across the carpet and wall . carson be hurry everyone out onto the small balcony . he help Lisa into the rescue harness . she 's terrify . carson you will be over in five second ... she nod . miranda pull she across the cable and send the harness back . carson turn next to Sam , but he stand back so he sister can go . angle on bomb one minute ... fifty - nine second ... carson send Sam across ... the harness come back ... he strap Mrs. han into it ... carson tell them I be gonna release the hook and ride down on the line . he push she across . as soon as she 's there , he gesture to the Apache Pilot to move closer so he can release the hook . angle on bomb thirty second ... twenty-nine ... the harness slide back across to he ; carson grab it with one hand and try to undo the hook buckle with the other ... but the cable be crooked , and the buckle be jammed -- if he can not release it , he 's stick there ! carson try to free the hook , but it 's dig in between the concrete and the railing . Fifteen second to go ... carson look over at the helicopter and wave they away . carson ( shout ) release the cable from you side ! get out of here ! miranda ( shout back ) come over the railing ! grab onto the harness ! int . apache helicopter - ( aerial shot ) - day miranda turn to the Pilot . miranda tear the hook loose ! pilot it will pop the winch buckle ! miranda try it anyway ! int . / ext . bachelor apartment - include apache helicopter - day five second to go ... the Apache helicopter back away from the high-rise ... the cable pull taut ... carson wrap the webbing of the harness around he wrist ... the Apache strain against the resistance of the cable ... the entire railing around the balcony break away , with carson hanging on the harness next to it ... the helicopter turn and fly away ... ext . park LA brea - day the bomb explode , blast a huge hole in the tower . all the window in the nearby tower and apartment implode . carson be engulf in the fireball ... we can not tell if he 's alive . int . / ext . apache helicopter - ( aerial shot ) - day the force of the blast hit they like a tidal wave . the Pilot fight to keep control while look for a place to set down . below huge chunks of debris , glass , furniture , etc. rain down . carson and the section of railing underneath the helicopter swing like a pendulum from the force of the blast . groggy , he loosen he grasp on the harness , and jump clear as the helicopter land . miranda leap out of the Apache and run to he ... wider Dust and debris from the explosion hang in the air ; helicopter crisscross the scene . everyone turn they eye skyward , look for the missile ... int . worker ' paradise hall - p'yungyang - ( include tv ) - day the Premier and the High Command be watch the action at Park labrea on CNN live ... ... as ambassador han embrace he family . furious , General Kai get up and leave the conference room . the other look at the Premier . after a beat , he cross to a panel of electronics and slap a large red button on it ... ext . sky above santa monica - day the cruise missile explode , completely obliterate it . ext . U.S. fighter bomber - sky over sea of japan - day the lead jet cut away , turn around . the other follow . ext . park LA brea - day the han family cross to carson , blacken and bloody , sit on the curb next to miranda . ambassador han shake he hand . Mrs. han and miranda cry . Joy and Sam grin at he . after a beat , carson gather the kid up in he arm . it be a profound catharsis for he ... ext . worker ' paradise hall - p'yungyang - day General Kai be get into he car . he look up as a army officer approach ... and shoot he ! the Officer push he body into the passenger 's seat , get in , and drive off . fade thru to : darkness and the sound of running water . ext . pastoral scene - day a beautiful ranch house and horse barn , sit on a meadow beside a brook , overlook a unspoil pine forest . int . carson' house - bedroom - night the pastoral scene be a commercial on the tv . carson , wrap in a towel , hold the phone and pace . carson ( into phone ) ... I will call you next week . carson hang up , and click off the tv as he leave the room . the sound of running water continue ( os ) ... ext . carson' house - patio - night miranda , wear a bathrobe , be watering she sickly rose . carson come outside . miranda who be that on the phone ? carson the Bureau . ( beat ) they want I back on the hostage team . miranda what do you say ? carson told them I would sleep on it ... miranda smile , then look at he , surprised , as he crouch down and help she turn the soil around the rise bush . they work in silence . then , tentatively , she lean over and kiss he . soon they be in each other 's arm , hold tight ... int . carson' house - bedroom - night still entwine , carson and miranda stumble in . while kissing : miranda work with you today be certainly ... interesting , Inspector . carson it 's my outstanding people skill . he slip she out of she robe and they fall onto the bed . it be a tender , romantic moment ... until , ( os ) , a car alarm go off . miranda bolt up . miranda I hate this fuck town ... carson ignore the alarm -- and miranda 's comment . he push she back onto the bed and turn off the bedside lamp . all of the book and magazine about other place to live spill from he nightstand , onto the floor ... fade out .