apocalypse now : redux script by John milius and Francis Ford coppola apocalypse now redux a original screenplay by John milius and Francis Ford coppola narration write by Michael herr final draft - a transcription first publish in the United States 2001 by talk miramax book first publish in the United Kingdom 2001 by faber & faber Limited all rights reserve ( c ) 2001 Zoetrope Corporation fade in : ext . a simple image of tree - day coconut tree be viewed through the veil of time or a dream . occasionally color smoke waft through the frame , yellow and then violet . music begin quietly , suggestive of 1968 - 69 . perhaps " the end " by the Doors . now moving through the frame be skid of helicopter , not that we could make they out as that though ; rather , hard shape that glide by at random . then a phantom helicopter in full view float by the tree - suddenly without warning , the jungle burst into a bright red-orange glob of napalm flame . the view move across the burn tree as the smoke ghostly helicopter come and go . dissolve to : int . saigon HOTEL - day a close shot , upside down of the stubble - cover face of a young man . his eye OPEN ... this be b.l. willard . intense and dissipate . the camera move around to a side view as he continue to look up at a rotating fan on the ceiling . ext . image of helicopter - day they continue to fly slowly , peacefully across the burn jungle . the color smoke come and go . morrison continue with " the end " . int . saigon HOTEL - day the camera move slowly across the room ... and we see willard , a young army captain . he look out the window to the busy saigon street . willard ( v.o . ) * saigon ... shit . I be only in saigon . every time , I think I be gonna wake up back in the jungle . he move back to the bed , lie down . he 's unshaven , exhaust , probably drunk . we see alcohol bottle , photo , document scattered on the table . willard ( v.o . ) when I be home after my first tour , it be worse . I would wake up and there would be nothing . I hardly say a word to my wife until I say yes to a divorce . when I be here , I want to be there . when I be there ... all I could think of be get back into the jungle . I be here a week now . wait for a mission . get softer . every minute I stay in this room , I get weaker . and every minute Charlie squat in the bush ... he get stronger . each time I look around ... the wall move in a little tighter . he 's up now , naked , go into a frenzy , drink , do some sort of martial art , eventually collapse onto the floor . fade out : fade in : int . saigon HOTEL - stairway - day two extremely sharp army man walk up the stair to willard 's room , a sergeant and a private . willard ( v.o . ) everyone get everything he want . I want a mission . and for my sin , they give I one . bring it up to I like room service . they knock on the door . a second knock . sergeant Captain willard , be you in there ? willard yeah I be come . the army man wait for he . willard ( v.o . ) it be a real choice mission . and when it be over , I would never want another . willard unlock the door and open it . the man react to he condition . willard what do you want ? sergeant be you all right , Captain ? willard what 's it look like ? willard turn back into the room , sit on the bed . the sergeant follow he . sergeant be you Captain willard ? 505 th battalion ? 173rd air-borne ? assign to sog ? willard look over at the private by the door . willard hey , buddy , you gonna shut the door ? the private enter the room , close the door behind he . sergeant we have order to escort you to the airfield . willard what be the charge ? what do I do ? sergeant there 's no charge , Captain . the sergeant open the letter he have be hold . sergeant you have order to report to com - sec Intelligence at Nah trang . he hold up the letter in front of willard 's face so he can see it . we see the word ' restricted ' across the top . willard I see . sergeant all right ? willard Nah trang , for I ? sergeant that 's right . the sergeant fold the letter back and put it back in the envelope . willard do not move . sergeant come on , Captain , you still have a few hour to get clean up . willard I be not feel too good . he lay he head on the pillow and close he eye . sergeant Captain ? ( to private ) Dave , come here and give I a hand . we have get a dead one . the two of they move over to willard and pick he up . sergeant come on Captain , let 's go take a shower . willard do not be a ass . sergeant ( to private ) get hold of he good . we be go to take a shower , Captain . they drag he into the shower , and turn on the cold water . sergeant stand under this , Captain . willard shudder and yell as they begin to clean he up . ext . military compound - day a darkly paint huey land in a guard military compound somewhere in Nah trang . the two enlist man jump out of the helicopter , lead willard , who seem in much better shape . as he get out he see a platoon of new man drilling in the hot hazy sun . they be clean and pale . men ( chant ) I wanna go to Vietnam . I wanna kill a vietcong - willard ( v.o . ) I be go to the worst place in the world , and I do not even know it yet . week away and hundred of mile up river that snake through the war like a circuit cable ... plugge straight into kurtz . he follow the escort across the field as the platoon drill . willard ( v.o . ) it be no accident that I get to be the caretaker of Colonel walter E. kurtz 's memory , any more that be back in saigon be a accident . there be no way to tell he story without tell my own . and if he story be really a confession , then so be mine . they approach a civilian - type luxury trailer . it be surround by concertina wire , and its window have grenade protection , but it still seem out of place in this austere military base . closer on willard he stand before the door for a moment , as the m.p.s guard the trailer check he papers . int . trailer - day cool and comfortable , furnish like home . picture on the wall , certificate , photo of president Kennedy , Johnson and Nixon and other memento decorate the room . a small table be cover with linen and place setting for three . willard enter . he salute , and the colonel salute he back . colonel ( to willard ) Captain . good . come on in . willard thank you , sir . colonel stand at ease . willard notice somebody o.s. and react . willard General . the General cross over to a cabinet and pick up a pack of cigarettes , as the camera reveal a civilian ; probably with the Department of Defense , sit at the bar , and a general sit on a sofa . the colonel turn and offer willard a cigarette from the pack . colonel ( to willard ) do you want a cigarette ? willard no thank you , sir . colonel ( indicate civilian ) Captain , have you ever see this gentleman before ? willard no , sir . not personally . colonel you have work a lot on you own , have not you , Captain ? willard yes , sir , I have . colonel you report specifies intelligence , counter - intelligence with com - sec , I Corps . willard I be not presently dispose to discuss that operation , sir . there be a pause as the colonel light he cigarette , then move to the sofa . he bend down and pick up a dossier , look at it . colonel do you not work for the CIA in I Corps ? willard ( pause ) no , sir . colonel do you not assassinate a government tax collector ... quang tri province June 18 , 1968 ? willard do not answer . colonel Captain ? willard Sir , I be unaware of any such activity or operation , nor would I be dispose to discuss a operation , if it do in fact exist , sir . a pause . willard be tired and confuse and hang over , but he be handle himself well . the general rise . general I think we would have a bit of lunch while we talk . I hope you bring a good appetite , Captain . willard get up and move towards the dining table with the general and the civilian . they sit down . general I notice that you have a bad hand there . be you wounded ? willard have a little fishing accident on R and R , sir . general fishing on R and r? willard yes , sir . general but you be feel fit ? you be ready for duty ? willard yes , General . very much so , sir . the food be be pass around . general well , let 's see what we have here . roast beef , and usually it 's not bad . ( to civilian ) try some , Jerry . pass it around . to save a little time , we might pass both way . ( to willard ) Captain , I do not know how you feel about this shrimp , but if you eat it , you will never have to prove you courage in any other way . the colonel , who be not eat with they , walk to the table , hold a small photo . colonel ( to willard ) Captain , you have hear of Captain walter E. kurtz ? he show the photo to willard . insert the photo it 's a eight - by - ten black - and - white portrait of a army officer wear a beret . willard yes , sir . I have hear the name . the Colonel accidentally drop the dossier . paper , photo , etc. , scatter all over the floor . he stoops down to pick they up . colonel Jesus ... Operations officer , fifth special force . general luke , would you play that tape , for the captain , please ? ( to willard ) listen to it carefully , Captain . the Colonel move to a tape recorder and turn it on . male voice ( on tape ) ( v.o . ) " October 9 , 04:30 hour , sector Peter , Victor , King . " general this be monitor out of Cambodia . it 's be verify as Colonel kurtz 's voice . all the man , include willard , listen in wonder . kurtz ( on tape ) ( v.o . ) " I watch a small snail , crawl on the edge of a straight razor . that 's my dream . it 's my nightmare . crawl , slithering , along the edge of a straight razor , and survive . " male voice ( on tape ) ( v.o . ) " transmission 11 , receive ' 68 , December 30 , 05:00 hour , sector King , Zulu , King " . kurtz ( on tape ) ( v.o . ) " but we must kill they . we must incinerate they . pig after pig . cow after cow . Village after village . Army after army . and they call I a assassin . what do you call it , when the assassin accuse the assassin ? they lie . they lie and we have to be merciful , for that who lie . that nabobo . I hate they . I really hate they . " the tape be turned off . general walter kurtz be one of the most outstanding officer this country 's ever produce . he be brilliant . he be outstanding in every way . and he be a good man , too . a humanitarian man . a man of wit and humor . he join the special force , and after that , he idea , method , become ... unsound . unsound . colonel now he 's cross into Cambodia with this montagnard army of he , that worship the man like a god , and follow he every order , however ridiculous . well , I have some other shocking news to tell you . Colonel kurtz be about to be arrest for murder . willard I do not follow sir . murdered who ? colonel kurtz have order the execution of some vietnamese intelligence agent . Men he believe be double agent . so he take matter into he own hand . general well , you see , willard , in this war , thing get confuse out there . power , ideal , the old morality , and practical military necessity . but out there with this native , it must be a temptation to be God . because the rational and the irrational , between good and evil . and good do not always triumph . sometimes , the dark side overcome what lincoln call the better angel of we nature . every man have get a break point . you have and I have they . walter kurtz have reach he . and , very obviously , he have go insane . willard look from the colonel to the general to the civilian . they be intensely interested in he response , which they want to be " yes . " willard ( carefully ) yes , sir . very much so , sir . obviously insane . the three man pull back , satisfied . colonel you mission be to proceed up the nung River in a navy patrol boat , pick up Colonel kurtz 's path at nu mung ba , follow it , learn what you can along the way . when you find the colonel , infiltrate he team by whatever mean available , and terminate the colonel 's command . willard ( to General ) terminate ... the colonel ? general he 's out there operate without any decent restraint , totally beyond the pale of any acceptable human conduct . and he be still on the field commanding troops . civilian terminate with extreme prejudice . the civilian hand willard a cigarette , and light it for he . colonel you understand , Captain , that this mission do not exist , nor will it ever exist . close on willard smoke the cigarette , think about the mission . CUT to : ext . the mekong delta - dusk a huey helicopter fly over the mountain move over rice paddy , the Mekong River , moving closer until we view a dock area . willard ( v.o . ) how many people have I already kill ? there be that six that I know about for sure ... close enough to blow they last breath in my face . but this time it be a american , and a officer . that be not suppose to make any difference to I , but it do . we see a small patrol boat . it move away from the dock , out into the delta . willard ( v.o . ) shit. charge a man with murder in this place be like hand out speed ticket at the indy 500 . I take the mission . what the hell else be I gonna do ? but I really do not know what I would do when I find he . ext . pbr - day we be close on the boat , the pbr . willard be lie on the deck , he eye close . willard ( v.o . ) I be be ferried down the coast in a navy pbr , a type of plastic patrol boat , pretty common sight on the river . they say it be a good way to pick up information , and move without draw a lot of attention . that be okay . I need the air and the time . only problem be , I would not be alone . willard awaken to see a young black crewman squatting in front of he , brush he tooth . willard ( v.o . ) the crew be mostly just kid . rock and ' roller with one foot in they grave . ( to clean ) how old be you ? clean seventeen . view on chef , lanky , with a mustache . willard ( v.o . ) the machinist , the one they call chef , be from New Orleans . he be wrap too tight for Vietnam . probably too tight for New Orleans . view on lance , blonde , handsome , laid - back surfer type . he be sun himself with a reflector . willard ( v.o . ) lance , from the forward 50' , be a famous surfer from the beach south of l.a . to look at he , you would not believe he 's ever fire a weapon in he life . view on clean , the young black man brush he tooth . willard ( v.o . ) Mr. clean be from some South bronx shit -hole , and I think the light and the space of Vietnam really put the zap on he head . view on the chief , a older black man . he be at the helm , study a map of the delta . willard ( v.o . ) then there be Phillips , Chief . it might have be my mission , but it sure as shit be the Chief 's boat . phillip ( to willard ) there 's about two point where we can draw enough water to get into the nung River . they be both hot , belong to Charlie . willard do not worry about it . he take out a pack of cigarettes and offer one to the Chief . chief do not smoke . you know , I have pull a few special ops in here . about six month ago , I take a man who be go past the bridge at do lung . he be regular army , too . I hear he shot himself in the head . willard light he cigarette as the boat continue to move out into the ocean . ext . river - the pbr - day willard be sit , smoking a cigarette , and look down at a large pouch . he open the flap and we see there be several dossier inside . he open one , thumbing through the material . we see the personal letter , photograph , report , file - the entire case history of Colonel walter E. kurtz . willard ( v.o . ) at first , I think they hand I the wrong dossier . I could not believe they want this man dead . third -generation West Point , top of he class ... Korea , airborne , about a thousand decoration , etc. , etc . I would head he voice on the tape and it really put the hook in I , but I could not connect up that voice with this man . like they say , he have a impressive career . maybe too impressive . I mean , perfect . he be be groom for one of the top slot in the corporation . General , chief of staff , anything . in 1964 , he return from a tour with Advisory Command in Vietnam , and thing start to slip . his report to the Joint Chiefs of staff and lyndon Johnson be restrict . seem they do not dig what he have to tell they . during the next few month , he make three request ... for transfer to airborne training , Fort ben , Georgia ... and be finally accept . airborne ? he be thirty - eight year old . why the fuck would he do that ? 1966 ... join special force , return to Vietnam . suddenly we hear a sound , a distant explosion . the crew all stop whatever they be do , look out beyond the shore and the green jungle hill . there be a distant rolling noise , like interrupt thunder . the buffete and noise continue . chef what 's that ? willard Arc light . lance what 's up ? willard B - 52 strike . chef what 's that ? willard Arc light ! chef I hate that . every time I hear that , something terrible happen . clean Charlie do not never see they or hear they , man . lance there they be ! he point up to the sky . ext . sky - full shot - day Way up - past any cloud and barely discernible we see the black silhouettes of four B - 52 bomber , they vapor trail stream white against the dark blue sky . clean concussion will suck the air out of you damn lung . chef something terrible be go to happen . clean smoke ! secondary burn . full shot-coastline Black smoke rise from the jungle . chief huey over there . lot of huey . willard let 's have a look Chief . the Chief hand willard the field glass . he look through they out at the burn coastline . willard ( v.o . ) it be the Air -cav , first of the ninth . ( to Chief ) that 's they . all the crew move to battle position , get they flak jacket , helmet , etc . willard ( v.o . ) we escort to the mouth of nung River . but they be suppose to be wait for we another thirty kilometer ahead . well , Air mobile . that boy just could not stay put . the pbr move to the beach through a chaos of other boat , low - fly helicopter , and soldier rush by onshore . ext . beach and village - day a vast field of devastation , smashed and burn hut , shattered sampan and body wash around in the surf . willard jump off the boat , clean and lance fall in behind he , they head ashore . willard ( v.o . ) first of the ninth be a old cavalry division that have cashed in its horse for chopper , and go tear - assign around nam look for shit . they would give Charlie a few surprise in they time here . what they be mop up now have not even happen yet a hour ago . they make they way across the beach , weapon in hand . explosion go off around they ; there be smoke everywhere . suddenly they be stop by a voice . voice ( o.s. ) go on , keep go . it 's for television . do not look at the camera . willard and the two who be follow stop incredulously , they m1y still in hand . voice ( o.s. ) go on , go on , keep go . do not look at the camera . reverse angle of what they see a news team , dress in fatigue and combat dress . a director , cameraman , and soundman ; the director keep wave they by . director ( to troops ) just go by like you be fight . do not look at the camera . it 's for television . just go through . just go by . keep on go . willard , lance , and clean run by , stare into the camera the entire time . they make they way toward the village under siege . willard stop to talk with a sergeant , as a medevac helicopter take off in the background . the huey and loches in the sky drow out most of they conversation . close on willard look up as the huey sweep in low . willard where can I find the CO ? sergeant that 's the colonel come down ! he point to a particular huey in the sky , and move to a clear spot by a large bomb crater . he take out a smoke bomb and pull the pin and lay it down in the clear , as it spew out orange smoke . willard ( to he man ) CO 's on that chopper . willard move back to lance and clean , they all kneel , try to avoid the propeller wash , as they look up . full view the helicopter be heavily laden with machine gun , etc. , as it land in the middle of the clear . a tall , strong - look man jump out of the helicopter . this be colonel william kilgore . he put on he air-cav hat , then stand to he full immense height and with he hand on he hip , survey the field of battle . kilgore Lieutenant , bomb that tree line back about a hundred yard . give I some room to breath . lieutenant yes , sir ! kilgore start walk , then turn and shout to the lieutenant . kilgore bring I my body card ! lieutenant yes , sir ! the Lieutenant move back to the helicopter and kilgore continue forward toward a besiege village . a captain from tank division come run down the street , stop in front of kilgore . captain I be the fourth tank commander . I have get five tank break down . kilgore all right with the tank . it 's all right , Captain . the captain turn and exit , as the sergeant walk up lead willard , lance , and clean . willard Captain willard . they exchange salute . willard take out a set of order and hand they to he . willard I carry priority papers from com - sec Intelligence , ii Corps ! I understand Nah trang have brief you on the requirement of my mission . kilgore what mission ? I have not hear from Nah trang . kilgore hand the order to the major , who have join he . he look at they and shake he head " no . " willard Sir , you be suppose to escort we into the nung ! the major hand the order back to willard . by this time the lieutenant have run back in from the helicopter with the deck of play card . he hand they to kilgore . kilgore we will see what we can do about that ! just stay out of my way till this be do , Captain ! kilgore crack the plastic wrapping sharply , take the deck of new card and fan they . then he stride past willard and he two young crewmen with no further acknowledgement - the other follow . he move through the shell - pock field of devastation , soldier gather around he . as he come to each v.c. corpse , he drop a card on it , carefully pick out which card he use . kilgore ( to himself ) all right , let 's see what we have . two of spade . Three of spade . four of diamond , six of club ... there be not one worth a jack in the whole bunch . four of diamond ... he cross on down the street , distribute he card on top of the dead v.c. corpse . willard , lance , and clean have be follow kilgore . willard bend down and pick up one of the card from a dead v.c. lance hey , Captain , what 's that ? willard death card . lance what ? willard death card . let Charlie know who do this . moving shot of kilgore as he move through the corpse , select a card and flipping it on a body , or put it behind a ear . kilgore ( to a shell - shocked g.i ) cheep up , son . as they pass by a well , two g.i.s jump out of it . g.i. Fire in the hole ! they all hit the deck , as a tremendous explosion come out of the well . kilgore , he lieutenant , and major stop in back of a large gather of villager . they be stand around a g.i. and ARVN interpreter , listen to they . soldier ( over p.a . ) this be a area that 's control by the vietcong and North vietnamese ! we be here to help you ! we be here to extend a welcome hand to that of you who would like to return to the arm of the South vietnamese government . a line of villager be throw all they belong on top of a large apc park by the road , and filing into the carrier . kilgore stop and watch the g.i.s help they , then he move over and look at the inside , where the villager be crowded together , wait and scared . kilgore ( to woman ) get in ! hurry up ! ( to soldier ) move it out ! soldier ( over p.a . ) this be a area that be control by the vietcong and North vietnamese ... kilgore turn and continue down the burn street with he group . he come upon a wounded v.c. , groan . the man have tie a wash bowl over he belly - and be groan for water . kilgore turn to a soldier . kilgore what 's this ? soldier ( over p.a . ) this man 's hurt pretty bad , sir . about the only thing hold he gut in , sir , be that pot lid . kilgore ( to ARVN soldier ) yeah ? what do he have to say ? ARVN soldier this soldier be dirty v.c . he want water . he can drink paddy water . kilgore get out of here ! give I that canteen . he push the ARVN soldier away , turn , and then get a canteen full of water from the lieutenant . kilgore any man who 's brave enough the fight - ( to ARVN soldier ) get outta here ! I will kick you fuck ass ! any man brave enough to fight with he gut strapped on he can drink from my canteen any day . he stoops down -start to quench the prisoner 's thirst from he canteen . a soldier rush up to he . soldier Colonel , I think one of that sailor be lance Johnson , the surfer . kilgore where ? here ? you sure ? the solder point at lance . sergeant down there . kilgore rise , hand the canteen back , and move over to willard and he crew . look at lance . kilgore what 's you name , sailor ? lance ( salute ) gunner 's mate third class L. Johnson , sir . kilgore lance Johnson the surfer ? lance yes , sir . kilgore smile , stick out he hand . kilgore well , it 's a honor to meet you lance . I have admire you nose riding for year . you cutback , too . I think you have the best cutback there be . lance thank you , sir. kilgore you can cut out the " sir " crap , lance . I be Bill kilgore . I be a goofy foot . kilgore lead lance off to meet some other soldier . willard 's entire top-priority mission have be out in the background . kilgore ( make introduction ) I want you to meet some guy . this be Mike from San Diego . johnny from malibu . we be pretty solid surfer . none of we be anywhere near you class , though . mike no way . lance shake they hand . kilgore move on , the group follow he . kilgore we do a lot of surfing around here , lance . I like to finish operation early , fly down to Yung tau for the evening glass . be riding since you get here ? lance no way . I have not surf since I be here . they stop to see Catholic mass go on in the middle of a graveyard . many helicopter continue to hover overhead . willard look around he , look at the mass be hold , as the Priest continue he alter on a gravestone in the midst of the bombing and evacuation . ext . area by destroyed village - night the area be illuminate by large can fill with sand and jet fuel , bonfire , and the burn village in the background . there be maybe fifteen to twenty helicopter secure against the wind , in orderly pattern . Men be group around the fire , eat steak , hot dog , hamburger , drink beer . it have the bizarre resemblance of some sort of barbarian beach party . willard ( v.o . ) kilgore have a pretty good day for himself . they chopper in the T - bone and the beer ... and turn the l.z. into a beach party . the more they try to make it like hone , the more they make everybody mis it . kilgore be seat at the fire with some of he man , strumm a guitar and sing . kilgore ( to the Chief ) make my meat rare . rare but not cold . willard ( v.o. ) well , he be not a bad officer , I guess . he love he boy , and you feel safe with he . we be one of that guy that have a weird light around he . you just know he be not go to get so much of a scratch here . kilgore look at willard , who more or less sit by himself . kilgore what happen to you mission , Captain ? Nah trang forget all about you ? he laugh . willard get up , carry the map he 's patiently be hold . he lay it down in front of kilgore ; squat and point . willard Sir , two place we can get into the river . here and here . it 's a pretty wide delta , but this be the only two spot I be really sure of . kilgore that village you be point at be kind of hairy , willard . willard what do you mean " hairy " , sir ? kilgore it 's hairy . get some pretty heavy ordinance . I have lose a few recon ship in there now and again . the Chief come over , lean in to take a look at the map . kilgore what 's the name of that goddamn village , vin drin dop or lop ? damn gook name all sound the same . ( to one of the surfer soldier ) Mike , you know anything about this point at vin drin dop ? mike that 's a fantastic peak . kilgore peak ? mike about six foot . it 's a outstanding peak . it 's get both the long right and leave side , with a bowl section that 's unbelievable . it 's just tube city . kilgore consider this . kilgore well , why do not you tell I that before ? a good peak . there be not any good peak in this whole shitty country . it 's all goddamn beach break . mike it 's really hairy in there , sir . that 's where we lose McDonald . they shot the hell out of we there . that 's Charlie 's point . willard see he chance , jump in . chief we may not be able to get the boat in . the draft at the mouth of that river may be too shallow . the colonel rise , look at willard . kilgore we will pick you boat up and put it down like a baby , right where you want it . this be the first of the ninth , Air - cav , son . Air mobile ! I can take that point and hold it just as long as I like , and you can get any place up that river that suit you , young Captain . Hell , a six - foot peak ! all right . take a gunship back to division . ( to lance ) lance , go with Mike and let he pick out a board for you . and bring I my yater spoon , the eight - six . Mike react , doubtful . kilgore what be it , soldier ? mike it 's pretty hairy in there . it 's Charlie 's Point . kilgore look at he , exasperate . kilgore Charlie do not surf ! CUT to : ext . helicopter field outside destroyed village - day it be the next morning . the helicopter , pilot , and man be ready for battle . the helicopter slowly start up , as the soldier scurry to they various position . we follow kilgore and he group , include willard , the Chief , clean , lance , etc. , as they walk across the field . they all get into a helicopter , except kilgore . he take off he hat , reach in , and pull out he helmet , put it on . angle on our crew seat in they helicopter , look out . chef Jesus , clean , you be not believe this . look . what they see : the pbr be airlift up by the helicopter . clean hey ! they be pick up the boat ! back to kilgore's helicopter kilgore pick up some glove and start to put they on as he cross to the gunner by the helicopter . kilgore ( to soldier ) how you feel , Jimmy ? soldier like a mean motherfucker , sir ! kilgore ( to bugler ) all right , son , let be rip . the bugler begin to play as kilgore climb into the helicopter . extreme full shot the helicopter take off , rotor spin , gas turbine belching fire from they jet pipe , sand and dust as twenty helicopter rise . noise roar over camera . the helicopter deploy into a formation . new view - helicopter they move through the fame , almost a dance of dragonfly . int . command copter - mo . shot - kilgore , willard , other - day willard look ahead , kilgore sit near the door . below , they see the jungle whisk by and be suddenly over the ocean , low and fast . montage - close shot of rocket pod with mini - gun in they bizarre - look mount as well as the men-young , anticipate , hold they rifle , look down . close on willard - he Pov look out from the side door . the various troop ship move by . the man wait , sit on the floor , sit on they helmet , look back at he . full view of the helicopter they be magnificent in the sky as they split into two column . inside helicopter kilgore crane he neck and lean out to watch the wave , then turn back to lance . kilgore I never have get use to a light board . I can not get use to one . I be use to a heavy board . lance I know , it 's a real drag . kilgore you prefer a heavy or light board ? lance heavier . kilgore really ? lance yeah . kilgore I think young guy like lighter board . lance can not ride the nose on that thing . the pilot alert the colonel . pilot ( to kilgore ) Duke six , this be Eagle thrust Seven . we have get it spot . kilgore Eagle thrust , put on head two - seven -zero , assume attack formation . pilot that 's a Roger , Big Duke . we be go in hot . here we go . kilgore ( to lance ) we will come in low out of the rise sun , and about a mile out , we will put on the music . lance Music ? kilgore yeah , I use wagner . scare the hell to of the slope . my boy love it . lance ( to willard ) hey , they be gonna play music ! int . pbr crew's copter - day as they near the destination , several of the soldier take off they helmet and sit on they . the pbr crew react with surprise . chef how come all you guy sit on you helmet ? soldier so we do not get we ball blow off . chef laugh , look around . then he take off he own helmet and sit on it . int . command copter - day view on kilgore kilgore ( to Pilot ) Eagle thrust , put on psy war op . make it loud . this be a Romeo Fox trot . shall we dance ? a hand switch on the tape deck . music come up , wagner 's " ride of the valkyrie " , blaring through the external speaker of the chopper , as they make they decent into enemy territory . ext . the command helicopter - day with enormous twelve - driver loudspeaker blasting out the music . int . pbr crew's copter - day out crew be silent , nervous . ext . copter - day we see the bomb and surfboard attach to the bottom of the helicopter . ext . vietcong village - full - shot - day typical quiet vietnamese coastal village , rather large , build along the beach and tree with rice paddy behind . sampan be pull into a cove where the be be unload . we see different aspect of the life of the village , the people work there . medium shot - schoolyard a teacher and little girl come out into the courtyard , quickly follow by other student pour from the schoolhouse in the background . a North vietnamese soldier run in to the teacher , who then turn back to the child . the soldier wave to the child to get out of the area . closer on the teacher gather child together . peasant run through as the teacher start the child run out . one small boy remain , a older girl run back to get he and run after the other . soon the village be buzzing with activity . trenches be use to pass weapon and ammunition , young v.c. - both man and woman . n.v.a. regular rush along the trenches to take they position . new view - n.v.a. and v.c. rush along the trenches and take the camouflage cover off a large automatic antiaircraft weapon . ext . the sky - new view - day move behind a assault column of helicopter . int . command copter - day kilgore monitoring the transmission . close view on willard watch the spectacle . close view on kilgore calm and very effective . seem almost like a astronaut . willard look down at this incredible battle . willard be Pov - aerial view - the village the village under attack . the invincible cavalry charge in , hurl all its fearful weaponry , blast out the wagner . int . Pov behind pilot - day pilot ( to kilgore ) we have spot a large weapon down below . we be gonna go down and check it out . the helicopter shake as we see the smoke of the rocket shoot ahead of we . reverse angle a vietnamese house go up in flame . medium close up - gun ship sweeping down , its mini-gun firing . v.c. scatter . int . command copter - day kilgore outstanding , Red team . ( to Pilot ) get you a case of beer for that one . copter' Pov on square - high angle watch vietnamese load ammunition into a old citroën car . the copter circle over they . pilot # 1 we be over the village right now . I think I see a vehicle down in the courtyard . I be gonna check it out . kilgore well do , hawk . well do . want some twenty - mike-mike-vulcan right along that tree-line . Ripple the shit out of they . pilot # 2 get a vehicle on the bridge , fifty caliber on -board . he 's move across to resupply weapon . kilgore Big Duke six . clear the area . I be come down myself . ( to himself ) do not this people ever give up ? view - the command copter it circle the area . gunship hit the citroën that 's try to cross the bridge . the car burst into flame and the ammunition be exploded . lance ( to kilgore ) Nice shoot , Bill ! the copter suddenly lurch over to the right . the ship be jostle around badly . there be some flame and smoke and it look as though the copter have be seriously hit . there be confusion and we realize that the bullet have hit a box of flare which have go off inside the copter . kilgore ( to soldier ) un-ass that shit and get it out of here ! it 's just a flare , it 's alright , it 's just a flare . everybody all right ? lance , you all right ? lance I be fine ! ext . village - copter landing - day a small group of copter come down and land , kick up cloud of dust . Soldiers start to jump off , run for cover , as shell hit the ground . all jump out except for one young soldier . young soldier I be not go ! I be not go ! I be not go ! another soldier come back , grab he by the arm , and pull he out of the copter . new view - AMERICANS on the ground proceed in drive to the v.c> from the village , fire into house . one soldier fire he rifle into a row of storage jar in front of a house . they explode . a black soldier so throw by the blast . soldier ( over radio ) we get some secondary down there in the plaza . soldier # 2 ( over radio ) hold onto you position . soldier ( over radio ) Duke six , Duke six . we have get wounded down there . view on the courtyard Soldiers huddle around the severely wounded black g.i. , who be scream out . the rt man be frantically call for a medevac as two vietnamese elder babble on for they life , explain that they do not know the booby trap be near they house . medic get a stretcher over here ! wounded soldier please , God , help I ! medic let 's give he some morphine . soldier ( over radio ) Zero-three-seven-seven-four-two . medic where 's that duster ? int . command copter - day kilgore look out the door as he fly from the river down over the courtyard . kilgore ( into radio ) I want my wounded out of there and in the hospital in fifteen minute . I want my man out . copter' Pov of courtyard soldier ( over radio ) somebody stand tight there with Big Duke . soldier # 2 ( over radio ) this be ten - ten , we be go to be in there and get out . ext . the courtyard - day as a medevac helicopter come down landing by the smoke . they carry the wounded g.i. into the helicopter . frantic Americans push the two older vietnamese into the medevac ship for question . a young vietnamese woman suddenly rush out from one of the building , make a fuss about the older vietnamese . then she throw she coolie hat into the open helicopter door . soldier she 's get a grenade ! she 's get a grenade ! ext . helicopter - high view - day helicopter blows into flame . Men rush out on fire . they frantically try to out themselves out . int . command copter - day look down on the burn helicopter . pilot they blow the shit out of it . kilgore Fucking savage . co- pilot Holy Christ , she 's a sap . I be gonna get that dink bitch . get over there , johnny . out the right skid right up she ass . medium view - the ground it swerve down . we can see the disaster as well as the three vietnamese run away . it roar down , the machine gunner firing . view on the ground the vietnamese be mow down . over -the -shoulder shot of the tree below the copter shell be fire from the grove of tree at the copter . pilot ( over radio ) we gotta get some air up in this tree . it 's goddamn eat - up with the enemy down there . the loh swerve past the tree line take sniper FIRE and finally a dead - on hit . it swerve around in circle , black smoke come from it , cascade toward the ground . copter fire at the bridge . smoke and debris fly upward . geyser of water almost obscure it . the bridge be destroy , the village burn in the background . int . command copter - day kilgore turn to look at lance . kilgore what do you think ? lance it 's really exciting , man . kilgore no , no ! the wave ! lance oh , right . kilgore look at that , break both way . watch . look ! good six - foot swell ! ext . beach - day kilgore 's copter kick up a cloud of dust as it set down . kilgore pop 's out , follow by lance and other officer and stride across the beach look out toward the sea . soldier ( o.s. ) incoming ! they all dive except kilgore ; he 's watch a big set . the shell explode in the water about a hundred yard away , send up a geyser of spray . kilgore be unmove . the other get up and join he . major this l.z. be still pretty hot , sir . maybe you ought to surf somewhere else . kilgore what do you know about surfing , Major ? you be from goddamn New Jersey ! he whistle Mike and johnny over , who look like they be ready to hit the dirt again as explosion go off around they . kilgore I wanna see how rideable that stuff be . go change . mike it 's till pretty hairy out there , sir . kilgore you wanna surf , soldier ? they nod " yes " meekly . kilgore that 's good son , because you either surf or fight . that clear ? they turn and leave . kilgore grab a m16 from one of the guard - they all think he 's go to shoot the surfer or someone - they run back uneasy . kilgore one get go . I will cover for they . ( to other ) and bring a board lance . he cock the weapon - lance look around uneasily . willard ( to lance ) we can not do shit till the boat get here . kilgore lance , I bet you can not wait to get out there . lance what ? kilgore ( gesture to ocean ) see how they break both way ? one guy can break right , one leave , simultaneous . what do you think of that ? lance Bill , I think we ought to wait for the tide to come up . he start away . kilgore lance , come here . look . soldier ( o.s. ) incoming ! a shell scream over - they all hit the dirt except kilgore . it explode , throw sand through the air . kilgore lean down yell over the noise . kilgore the tide do not come in for six hour ! you wanna wait here for six hour ? angle on the pbr in the sky , be drop by the helicopter onto the water . medium shot - surf - the two surfer out on the water on they board , try to surf . kilgore ( o.s. ) ( through megaphone ) okay , fella , quit hide . let 's go , dickhead , take off . angle on kilgore , holding a megaphone watch the surfer . jets scream overhead , firing cannon . helicopter wheel by carry out wounded . willard goddamnit ! do not you think it 's a little risky for R and r? kilgore if I say it 's safe to surf this beach Captain , it 's safe to surf this beach ! I mean , I be not afraid to surf this place ! I will surf this fuck place ! he rip off he shirt and scarf . kilgore ( to soldier ) give I that r-t , soldier . ( into radio ) dove four , this be Big Duke six . goddamnit , I want that tree line bomb ! bomber pilot ( over radio ) Big Duke six , Roger . dove one - Three , stand by . kilgore ( o.s. ) ( into radio ) bomb they into the stone age , son . he throw the r-t back to the soldier . we see from among the vietnamese prisoner be herde , a woman run , cover with blood , carry a bloody baby . she be try to offer it up to the colonel , but a soldier be dutifully try to keep away from he . soldier no , mar 'am , no ! kilgore let I take care of this now . ( indicate soldier 's rifle ) get that out of here ! kilgore intercede , push the soldier 's rifle away . kilgore ( to woman ) come here , now . all right . sorry , you can not go ! he take the wounded baby in he hand , tenderly , and call a soldier over . kilgore Jimmy ! angle on " loc " spotter plane in the sky loc ( over radio ) Hawk one - two , dove one - Three . they need some napalm down there . can you put it there ? fighter pilot ( over radio ) right , one - Three . we be fix to fuck with they . loc ( over radio ) try to suppress some mortar fire off the tree line down there . fighter pilot ( over radio ) Roger . here we come . loc ( over radio ) good . give it all you get and bring in all you ship . wing abreast . kilgore ( to Jimmy ) tell they to get my chopper , get back to the hospital . he hand the baby to the soldier . woman protest . kilgore no , no . you have get to go with he . go! go! ( to soldier ) get it out of here ! and tell my guy I want my board ! loc ( over radio ) Big Duke six , this be dove one - Three . the jet be inbound now . they get about thirty second to bomb station . get you people back . this be gonna be a big one . kilgore return to lance , who be cower in a foxhole with willard . kilgore do not worry . we will have this place clean up in a jiffy , son . give I that short . he turn to he aide , who hand he a pair of Air -cav trunk . kilgore ( to lance ) this be from the air-cav , a present from I and the boy . I wanna see you do you stuff out there . jet break the tree , we hear the explosion of 20 mm cannon , and then the entire tree line erupt into FIRE with a immense amount of napalm . kilgore stand there , hand on hip , look at the burn jungle in the distance . kilgore you smell that ? do you smell that ? lance what ? kilgore ( point to tree ) napalm , son . nothing else in the world smell like that . ( crouch down ) I love the smell of napalm in the morning . you know , one time we have a hill bomb for twelve hour ... and when it be all over , I walk up . we do not find one of they , not one stinking dink body . the smell , you know that gasoline smell ? the whole hill - smell like-victory . he look of nostalgically . a shell come in and hit in the background . willard and the soldier react ; kilgore ignore it . kilgore someday this war 's gonna end . a tremendous sadness envelop he . the he stand up and walk off . willard turn and look toward he . he understand what the colonel be say to he . angle - kilgore - walking out toward the surf suddenly he sense something . he stop , lift he hand - then lick he finger and put then in the air . kilgore ( to lance ) lance ! the wind ! the wind ! it 's blow onshore ! it 's gonna blow this place out . it 's gonna ruin it ! sure enough , there be a rush breeze that increase . lance not cool ! kilgore it 's the goddamn napalm , that 's what 's do it ! willard I be really sorry , Colonel , but I be afraid that do it . the kid 's get a reputation . you can not expect he to surf that sloppy wave . kilgore I understand what you be say . lance yeah , I be a artist , Bill . I could not surf that crap . medium view - kilgore , willard , lance willard calmly go about pick up lance 's clothes as kilgore apologize to lance for the condition . kilgore look , I apologize . it 's not my fault . the wave be get blow out by the napalm . it 's the bomb cause a vortex with the wind . lance I accept you apology . kilgore hang around just twenty minute . willard some other time , Bill . kilgore just twenty minute ! willard grab lance and walk he away from kilgore . lance I be a artist ! willard ( to lance ) keep walk . kilgore take the megaphone . kilgore ( into megaphone to surfer ) let 's give it a try , guy . one go leave and one go right . ( to lance ) look , lance ... lance and willard keep walk , fast . willard you through surfing ? wanna say good - bye to the colonel ? lance no ! willard you sure ? lance yeah ! willard then let 's get the fuck out of here ! kilgore be leave frantic on the beach with he megaphone . kilgore ( call to they ) lance , it 's the fuck napalm ! just wait twenty minute ! fuck ! willard and lance run like hell toward the pbr in the distance . in he frustration , kilgore throw the megaphone in the air and wander off . at the pbr the crew help willard and lance climb onto the boat . suddenly willard see something and stop . in a pile of equipment that the huey leave be two surfboard - willard look at they . willard ( to pbr ) do not leave without I ! clean where the fuck be you go ? he run to the copter where kilgore 's surfboard be attach . willard incoming ! all the soldier at the copter duck and during that moment , willard snatch the colonel 's surfboard . a soldier try to stop he . soldier that 's the colonel 's surfboard ! willard get the fuck off I ! it 's mine ! he rush back to the boat , hand the board up to clean , and scamper aboard . clean stuff the board in the stern . the boat turn , engine running hard and roar off toward the deeper water of the river . medium close shot - willard on the bow : laugh , exhaust , feel satisfied with himself . ext . village - day the pbr pass the burn - out village , through the destroy bridge , and head out toward the river . ext . pbr - day the crew relax . clean sit down next to chef , who be roll a joint . clean chef , light up , man . come on , let 's get high . chef ( to lance ) wanna smoke ? clean Light up . willard ( v.o. ) someday this war 's gonna end . that would be just fine with the boy on the boat . they be not look for anything more than a way home . chef Captain ? chef offer the joint to willard . he wave it off . willard ( v.o. ) trouble be , I would be back there ... and I know that it just do not exist anymore . lance ( to group ) buddha time . the crew share the joint . clean all right . that 's grass . that 's shit . willard pour himself a drink from a bottle . willard ( v.o. ) if that 's how kilgore fight the war ... I begin to wonder what they really have against kurtz . it be not just insanity and murder . there be enough of that to go around for everybody . ext . river - full shot - the boat - dusk it be park , hide under some tree along the riverbank . chef ( o.s. ) I be not here ... I be walk through the jungle gather mango , and I meet raquel Welch . I can male nice mango cream pudding . you know , kind of spread it around on we ... chef be lie on he back , he eye close . lance be stand on the riverbank next to the pbr . he be take a leak . he finish , then turn and squat next to a blue bucket and start wash he Air - cav trunk . chef ... see , she 's into mango , too . she 's like one limb above I . we be both in the jungle here , nude . we hear a helicopter come toward the vicinity of the boat . the wind begin to hit the tree and boat . clean ( to Chief ) hey , Chief ? here come that colonel guy again . the SOUND of the helicopter get closer ... and a indistinguishable language on a loudspeaker . lance gather he bucket and soap and jump up on the pbr . kilgore ( over p.a . ) " I will not harm or hurt you . just give I back the board , lance . it be a good board and I like it . you know how hard it be to find a board that you like . " the helicopter drone on into the distance - the same speech start again farther off - finally the noise cease . chef determined motherfucker , be not he ? cock-sucker ! willard snap off a salute at the pass copter . it disappear into the distance . clean Jesus Christ . that guy 's too fuck much , man . lance do you think he would have shot we ? willard he would have shot we on the beach , or if he see I take he board . clean ( sing ) let 's go surfing now , everybody 's learn how .. lance let 's get this board out of my turret . clean sucker . lance come on , how be I gonna shoot he the next time he come around ? willard hey , chef , make some room back there for the board . they stow the board in the back of the boat , hide it . chief I wonder if that 's the same chopper . willard Hell , he 's probably get they all over the river with that recording . we will have to hold up here till dark , Chief . ( to lance ) do not worry lance , he will not follow we too far . lance what make you say that ? willard you think that cav colonel want everyone up river to know we steal he board ? lance I do not steak it ! willard laugh , light up a cigarette . chief Captain ? just how far up this river be we go ? willard that 's classified , Chief . I can not tell you . we be go up pretty far . clean be it gonna be hairy ? willard I do not know , kid . yeah , probably . chief you like it like that , Captain ? when it 's hot , hairy ? willard fuck . ( a beat ) maybe you will get a chance to know what the fuck you be in some factory in Ohio . chef step forward with a plastic bucket . chef hey , Chief , I be gonna go get that mango now , okay ? chief take somebody with you . willard I will go with he . he turn and follow chef off the pbr . they climb up the bank , away from the boat , into the jungle . ext . jungle - medium view - dusk chef and willard cautiously walk through the dark underbrush . we see fragment of they , lose then occasionally , and just move through the jungle . we hear this conversation throughout : willard chef ? chef yes , sir . willard how come they call you that ? chef call I what , sir ? willard chef . ' Cause you like mango and stuff ? chef no , sir . I be a real chef . I be a saucier . willard saucier ? chef yes , sir . see , I come from New Orleans . I be raise to be a saucier . a great saucier . willard what 's a saucier ? chef we specialize in sauce . gotta be a mango tree here somewhere ... then , I be suppose to go to Paris , to the escoffier School . but then I get order for my physical . as they move deeper into the jungle . chef well , I join the navy . Heard they have better food . cook school , that do it . willard oh , yeah ? how 's that ? chef put down he bucket and rifle , take a leak . willard take a few step farther in the jungle and then sit by he on a log . chef you do not wanna hear about that . they line we up in front of a hundred yard of prime rib . all of we , you know , look at it ? magnificent . magnifique . next thing , they be throw the meat into this big cauldron . willard have hear something in the jungle during this explanation . he become alert . chef all of it . boil it . I look inside , man , it be turn grey . I could not fuck believe that one ! that 's when I apply for radioman 's school , but they - chef look up , see willard stand a distance away , poise with he rifle . willard signal to he to come cautiously . he motion to chef to move with he , each cover the other . they walk a few yard from where they have hear something move . chef what be it ? Charlie ? medium shot - panning - willard move through the jungle cautiously , he be comfortable in this environment . he signal and direct he way very expertly , give silent instruction to chef on how to move with he . they seem to have the intruder localize and proceed very quietly toward where he be . medium shot - the elephant grass - willard and chef suddenly the grass fold almost to willard , and a huge TIGER leap out at they , snarling magnificently . they fire wildly , empty they clip . chef it 's a motherfuck tiger ! it 's a tiger , man ! a tiger ! he turn and bolt through the jungle , as scared as a man can be . chef motherfuck tiger ! willard back out of the clear , cover the bush and run , scared out of he head as well . they fire they m1y indiscriminately run back to the boat , scream . full shot - the boat the crew be armed . they have hear the scream . lance have the twin fifty point into the jungle . chef come scream out of the brush . throw he rifle in the boat and dive headfirst after it . chief Battle station . lance , up front . get on you sixty , clean . chef Fucking tiger ! clean let 's go ! chef Chief , you be right . never get out of the fuck boat ! chief clean , bring that 60 forward . chef never get out of the boat ! I gotta remember ! gotta remember ! never get out of the boat ! chief how many be it ? chef a fuck tiger ! clean what ? chef Tiger ! chief Tiger ? chef ( go berserk ) I be do with this goddamn fuck shit ! you can kiss my ass on the county square , because I be fuck bugging out ! I do not fuck need it ! I do not get on the goddamn a train for this kind of shit ! all I want to do be fuck cook ! I just want to learn to fuck cook , man ! the other try to calm he down . lance you be all right . you be all right . chef all right . it 's gonna be all right . it 's gonna be all right . never get out of the boat . ' bye , tiger ! ' bye tiger ! the boat pull away as he continue ranting about the tiger . close on willard look back into the jungle . willard ( v.o. ) never get out of the boat . absolutely goddamn right . unless you be go all the way . ext . river - the pbr - night the pbr move down the dark , silent river through the night . willard ( v.o. ) kurtz get off the boat . he split from the whole fuck program . how do that happen ? what do he see here that first tour ? willard light a cigarette and hold a flashlight as he look at the dossier . as he speak we see close shot on the newspaper article , letter , and photo . willard ( v.o. ) thirty - eight fuck year old . if you join the green beret , there be no way you would ever get above colonel . kurtz know what he be give up . the more I read and begin to understand , the more I admire he . his family and friend could not understand it . and they could not talk he out of it . he have to apply three time , and he put up with a ton of shit , but when he threaten to resign , they give it to he . the next youngest guy in he class be half he age . they must have think he be some far - out man humping it over the course . I do it when I be nineteen , it damn near waste I . a tough motherfucker . he finish it . he could have go for general , but he go for himself instead . medium view - of the pbr glide up the river . chef be sit in the back of the boat , write a letter . he be use a flashlight to see by , as he read to himself outloud as he write . chef ( write letter ) dear Eva . today be really a new one . almost get eat by a fuck tiger . really un - fuck believable , you know ? we be take this guy , Captain willard , up river , but he have not tell we yet where we be take he ... clean be at the helm , sing to himself , the Chief be sleep . willard look at a article about kurtz in a magazine . willard ( v.o. ) October , 1967 . on special assignment , kontoom Province , two - Corps ... kurtz stage operation archangel with combine local force . rate a major success . he receive no official clearance . he just think it up and do it . what ball . they be go to nail he ass to the floorboard for that one . but after the press get a hold of it , they promote he to full colonel instead . oh , man , the bullshit pile up so fast in Vietnam , you need wing to stay above it . suddenly , from around a bend , the boat be illuminate by a strange artificial light . lance and Chief be awaken . willard react as he look out toward the light . it become brighter and brighter as they move closer . what they see : ext . hau phat - full view - night the pbr go by the base , tent , oil drum , sandbagge bunker , etc. , but the biggest surprise of all be a huge oval stage build in the water , light by bank of light . prepations for some sort of show be in progress . they all react , incredulous , as the pbr pull into the bay and up to the dock . clean this sure enough be a bizarre sight in the middle of all this shit . chief ( to willard ) expecting we this time ? willard damned if I know . it look like a amusement park , with string of light , etc . chef Jesus Christ ... ext . supply dock area - night the supply dock of this base . tents , oil drum , sandbagge bunker , helicopter , tank , gun , and man . as they walk , chef and clean stop a moment and look at a group of motorcycle . the dock be crowded with all kind of goods , freezer , refrigerator , etc. , all the nonessentials for fight a war . clean Hau phat . you ever be up here before , chef ? chef I bet you could score up here . clean yo , man , check out the bike , man . yamaha , suzuki . chef that 's a good one . clean yeah , sukiyaki . willard move on , chef and clean catch up with he . clean this must be the guy . willard right over there . willard and the man approach a harry sergeant at a requisition desk , fill out papers , answer question , shouting out order to the frenetic activity around he . there be soldier scurrying back and forth , load and unload supplies . they constantly interrupt the sergeant with they question . chef and clean stop in front of the sergeant . clean Three drum of diesel fuel , pbr - five ... sergeant move ! we have one hour , that 's all ! ( to clean ) what do you want ? chef can I get some Panama Red ? sergeant Panama Red ? yeah , I will get you Panama Red . clean sergeant . sergeant destination ? clean I do not have a destination . sergeant you can not get a goddamn thing without a destination . willard step in . willard sergeant . sergeant I need a destination . I can not do a goddamn thing about it . willard hey , sarge , this guy be with I . destination classified . I carry priority papers from com - sec Intelligence , ii Corps . sergeant listen , sir , it 's a real big night - ( to another soldier ) eight dollar for that camera - with unexpected rage , willard suddenly reach up and grab the sergeant by the collar , pull he down across a table , really frightening he . everybody be quite surprised . willard just give they some fuel . sergeant you get it . willard let go of the sergeant , almost embarrassed for the show of temper . the sergeant go back behind he desk and start signing papers . sergeant listen , Captain ... I be really sorry about tonight . it 's really bad around here . just take this over to the man at the supply desk and you get it . he tear off a requisition and hand it to one of the trio . sergeant ( to crew ) listen , would you guy like some press box seat for the show ? you want that ? the show , man , out here . the bunny . lance the playboy bunny ? the sergeant finally leave the trio , grab a bottle of cognac , and move to willard . hand he the bottle . sergeant hey , listen , Captain ... on the house . no hard feeling . willard look down at the bottle in he hand and then up at the stage . dissolve to : the SOUND of engine be hear . a huey and two loch descend from the cloud . the loches hover and circle , while the huey descend onto the platform stage . there be a large black - and - white playboy insignia paint on the nose . ext . stage - full shot - night the entire area around the stage and right up to the barb wire be mobbed with hundred of seethe american man . some of this boy have just get here , other have be in the jungle for month . it 's the Vietnam military version of a happen . guy from all walk of life , from the city , guy with flower in they hair and peace sign around they neck , other guy with they short - time stick and war medallion around they neck . Black g.i.s congregate together with they clench - fist black power medallion . there be sign and poster and graffiti everywhere . some guy have guitar , everyone seem to have a camera . rummaging , sit , wait expectantly , before the enormous stage , which be protect by ring of concertina wire , a moat , and m.p.s every three foot at riot control position . many joint and pipe be be pass around . snapshot be be take . it have a strong resemblance to a love - in or even woodstock . except that they be all in various degree of combat fatigue , and they be all man . chef , clean , lance , willard and the chief move down a aisle to they seat . it be through willard' eye that we see this spectacle , bad every so often we will see a enthusiastic lance , chef , and clean . the Chief remain noncommittal , and somewhat bored . to the other , it 's a wonder of wonder . over by the dock , behind the chain - link fence , there be a group of vietnamese who have gather to watch the show . they have bring rice , food , etc . they will watch and react throughout , along with the american soldier who be stand guard in front of they . view on the stage the playboy copter descend onto the stage . the door of the huey slide open and two young GREEN beret step out with they m1y to varied catcall . when this abate , a young and extremely well - dress man emerge . he be the epitome of the Hollywood agent . he 's informal , high -strung , and good at what he do . his presence cause some stir and occasional shout of " ripoff " from the man . he get a microphone from the stage , then walk to the front and address the man . agent how you do out there ? ( beat and reaction ) I say how you do out there ? ( beat and reaction ) wanna say hello to you from all of we up here , to all of you out there , who work so goddamn hard on operation brute Force . hello , all you paratrooper out there ! and the Marines ! and the sailor ! we wanna let you know that we be proud of you , ' cause we know how tough and how hard it 's be ! yeah ! and to prove it , we be gonna give you some entertainment we know you be gonna like ! the band start its rock and ' roll amp , play the creedence Clearwater revival rendition of " suzy q " . agent miss August , miss Sandra beatty ! miss nay , miss terri tersay ! and the playmate of the year , miss carrie Foster ! two very beautiful playmate in exotic , brief costume come out of the helicopter . they be terri and sandra , and they start sway to the music . sandra hello , out there ! the two playmate jump down and dance to the front of the stage . the g.i.s go crazy and the girl dance they erotic dance . in the meantime . the two Green beret at the helicopter help out the playmate of the year , carrie foster . the beret carry the playmate out on they rifle to the center of the stage , and put here down . she dance forward and join the other two girl and the front . carrie be dress in a western outfit . they all dance to " suzy q " . view of the crowd appropriately , they go wild . marine I be here , baby ! I be here ! lance ( to terri ) you fuck bitch ! medium close shot - the agent look at little worried . angle on willard and the chief watch the spectacle . willard take a drink from the bottle that be give to he by the supply sergeant . he Pov the three playmate go through all they gyration . medium close shot - willard reacting , shaking he head . chef , lance , and clean all think it 's fantastic . view on the crowd audience continue to react as the three playmate sway and hump . fights be break out . some of the g.i.s pull out centerfold of the three girl from under they uniform . marine sign my centerfold ! he leap madly , climb up on the stage . other guy start to follow he . the m.p.s try to stop they but to no avail . before you know it , a mba be storming the stage . view on agent know the show be over . agent ( to Pilot ) start she up . ( to m.p.s ) get the girl ! let 's go ! ( to crowd ) so long ! the playmate be help back into the helicopter . the rotor whine and the huey lift off just as the first of the enthusiast mob reach it . the agent set off a smoke bomb to disperse the crowd . some guy be even hang onto the skid of the helicopter . they finally let go and fall into the water below , as the helicopter fly away . willard ( v.o. ) Charlie do not get much u.s.o . he be dig in too deep or move too fast . his idea of great R and R be cold rice , and a little rat meat . he have only two way home - death , or victory . dissolve to : ext . hau phat - day as the pbr pull away from the Hau phat area , willard look back at the clean - up operation , a helicopter hover over the litter area , shirtless man sweep and mop up the stage , burn trash ; other dismantle the float light . willard ( v.o. ) no wonder kurtz put a weed up Command 's ass . the war be be run by a bunch of four-star clown , who be gonna end up give the whole circus away . ext . pbr - day Chief be steering the boat . chef be look at a playboy magazine centerfold of terri . chef you know , man , that be far fuck out . I collect every picture of she since she be miss December . ( show clean the centerfold ) hey , clean , look at that . she be here , man ! I even write to the cunt . she do not write I back . clean you can get really hang up on this broad , like that cat in the delta . chef yeah . what cat ? as clean talk , chef tear the centerfold out of he playboy , then kneel down by the bulkhead in back of the wheel . he tape the centerfold onto the bulkhead . clean the one that go up for murder ? he be a army sergeant . this cat , he really dig he playboy , man . as he continue , lance move to the back of the boat and start unwrap the plastic from he new water skis . clean I mean , this cat , when the thing arrive , he be there to meet it , man ! chef ( indicate photo ) look at this beautiful fuck jug , man ! clean anyway , he be work ARVN patrol , have one of they cocky gook asshole lieutenant , and one day the gook take he magazine and would not give it back ! cat say " gimme my magazine back ! " good say , " you shut up . I have you court - martial " , you know ? chef typical fuck ARVN , man . clean the gook go too far . chief chef , take the wheel . chef take the wheel of the boat as the Chief move back and start brush he tooth . lance continue to unwrap he skis . clean stick pinhole and mutilate the centerfold and shit like that . and the sergeant say , " you better not do that to she . you leave you shitty little gook hand off of that girl ! " gook say , " fuck you ! " in vietnamese , right ? sergeant , man , he just could not handle it no more . he just pick up he iron - he pick up a m16 rifle to demonstrate . clean - flip it to rock and ' roll and boom ! gave that little zero a long burst straight through the playboy mag . it blow he ass clear out off the dock . there be not no more lieutenant that day . that be it for he ass . chef they burn he for it ? clean the sergeant ? yeah , man . they stick he ass in the l.b.j . it 's too bad he do not get no medal or nothing . he put the rifle back in the rack . disappear down the hole of the ship . they all shake they head at the cruel injustice of life . chef Fucking ARVN , man . they should have kill the fuck . should have give that fucker a Silver Star . bummer for the gook , though , be not it ? ext . river - the pbr - day we hear a radio station play . willard be seat look through the dossier , document from the c.i.a . radio host ( over radio ) good morning , Vietnam . I be Army specialist Zack Johnson on a.m.n.v. it 's about eighty - two degree in downtown saigon right now , also very humid ... clean be stand on the front of the boat , he have a small transistor radio in he hand . radio host ( over radio ) ... and we have a important message for all g.i.s who be live offbase from the mayor of saigon . he 's like you to hand the laundry up indoors , instead of the windowsills . the major want you to keep saigon beautiful . and now , here 's another blast from the past go out to Big Sam , who 's all alone out there with the first battalion , 35th infantry , and dedicated by the Fire team and they groovy c.o. the Rolling Stones , " satisfaction . " the music come on , clean start dance , keep time to " satisfaction . " the other cheer he . chef work out , clean ! get down , bubba ! ( to lance ) hang on , lance ! we see that lance be water-skieng behind the pbr , wave to the guy . clean ( dance ) can you dig it , man ? can you dig it ? ( to chef ) I see you be right on target . ( to group ) work out ! yeah ! yeah ! the boat pass a vietnamese fishing boat , capsize it in its wake . view on willard he 's find himself in a corner in the boat . he look to the front where clean be move and dance to the music , to the rear where lance be water -skie , and look down to he dossier , with its odd assortment of photograph , report , and letter . willard ( v.o. ) " commitment and counterinsurgency " by walter E. kurtz . " as long as we officer and troops perform tour of duty limited to one year , they will remain dilettant in war , and tourist in Vietnam . as long as cold beer , hot food , rock and ' roll , and all the other amenity remain expect norm , we conduct of the war will only gain impotence . we need fewer man , and better . if they be commit , this war could be win with a fourth of we present force . " full shot - the pbr crew the Chief be at the helm . he take off he sunglass and look straight ahead , reacting . he Pov : two pbr 's come straight at they . the lead pbr be head on a collision course . clean shit. Chicken time . you be not shittin ' , bro . they be motherfucker . lance who be that ? what 's go on ? all be look forward . the Chief grab the loud-hailer . chief ( over loud-hailer ) be that you , lazzaro ? chef ( to Chief ) do not chicken out . the lead pbr keep come on in a game of " chicken , " the rock music blaring from its speaker . then it swerve at the last possible moment and fishtail past . one of its crewmen moon we crew . lance , chef , and clean shout back and give they the finger . loudspeaker Chicken ! the other pbr fishtail past also , cause a lot of turbulence in the water . the crew give we boy the finger , then one of they throw a smoke bomb . it land on the canopy . the smoke bomb spew out its yellow smoke , and suddenly the canopy catch on fire . chief Fire on the canopy ! chef grab a fire extinguisher and try to snuff the fire out . chef I get it ! get out of there ! Chief keep roaring down the river as the other continue to fight the fire . finally they get it out . willard stand there , dumbfounded , and reacting , as we : dissolve to : ext . river - the pbr - day the pbr continue down the river . lance give a handful of palm leave to chef , who be sit up on top of the canvas roof , try to patch up the hole that be cause by the fire . clean have a pair of drumstick and be beat out a drum rhythm , really get into it . willard study the dossier ; some photo and vietnamese i.d. card . willard ( v.o. ) late summer , autumn 1968 . kurtz 's patrol into the highland be come under frequent bush . the camp start fall apart . November . kurtz order assassination of three vietnamese man and one woman . two of the man be colonel in the South vietnamese Army . enemy activity in he old sector drop off to nothing . guess he must have hit the right four people . insert - black & white photo of the general general ( o.s. ) ( to willard ) he join the special force , and after that he ... back to willard willard ( v.o. ) the army try one last time to bring he back into the fold . and if he would pull over , it would have be forget . general ( v.o. ) ...unsound . willard ( v.o. ) but he keep go . and he keep win it he way . general ( v.o. ) ( to willard ) ... with this montagnard army of he . willard ( v.o. ) and they call I in . general ( v.o. ) ( to willard ) ... like a god , and follow every order , however ridiculous . willard ( v.o. ) they lose he . he be go . nothing but rumor and random intelligence , mostly from capture v.c. the v.c. know he name by now , and they be scared of he . he and he man be play hit and run all the way into Cambodia . clean 's drum rhythm be annoying willard . he put a map back into he dossier , rise , and look at clean , piss , then look to the Chief . chief clean . clean stop drum , move away . willard ( to Chief ) how long have that kid be on this boat ? chief Seven month . willard he 's really specialize in busting my ball . chief very possibly , Captain , he think the same of you . willard move over to Chief . willard oh , yeah ? what do you think , Chief ? angle on clean clean give willard the finger behind he back . chief I do not think . my order say I be not suppose to know where I be take this boat , so I do not . but one look at you and I know it 's gonna be hot , wherever it be . willard come into the cabin , look at the Chief . willard we be go up river , about seventy - five click about the do lung bridge . the Chief react , figure it out almost immediately . chief that 's Cambodia , Captain . willard that 's classified . we be not suppose to be in Cambodia , but that 's where I be go . you just get I close to my destination , and I will cut you loose . chief all right , Captain . dissolve to : ext . river - the pbr - day the pbr move down the river . willard be study the dossier , hold a letter from kurtz to he son . willard ( v.o. ) ( read letter ) " dear Son . I be afraid that both you and you mother will have worried at not hearing from I during the past week , but my situation here have become a difficult one . I have be officially accuse of murder by the army . the alleged victim be four vietnamese double agent . we spend month uncover then and accumulate evidence . when absolute proof be complete , we act . we act like soldier . the charge be unjustified . they be , in fact , and under the circumstance of this conflict , quite completely insane . " the boat move past some dead american pilot . they body be lie in the water , on the bank , and in the tree , all tear apart and bloody . there be smoke and debris all around . willard ( v.o. ) ( continue read letter ) " in a war , there be many moment for compassion and tender action . there be many moment for ruthless action . what be often call ruthless , but may , in many circumstance , be only clarity . see clearly what there be to be do , and do it directly , quickly , awake . they come upon a burn helicopter , which have crash in one of the tree on the shore . this explain the dead american body . the Chief pick up the radio phone , call to headquarters . chief ( over tape ) request -dust off . Three , maybe four kias . willard ( v.o. ) ( continue read letter ) " I will trust you tell you mother what you choose about this letter . as for the charge against I , I be unconcern . I be beyond they timid , lie morality , and so I be beyond caring . you have all my faith . you loving father . close on a shadowy photo of kurtz the caption " photo believe to be Col. W. E. kurtz . " dissolve to : ext . river outpost - day it be a tremendous , tropical rainfall . the pbr pull in toward a american outpost that be be use as a forward medical evacuation center . various helicopter pad be see but only one helicopter - the one paint with the playboy bunny logo that bring the girl to Hau phat . the whole area be a mess with mud and debris and look desert . willard ( reacting ) Jesus . chief no wonder I could not get they on the radio . willard what a dump . several soldier in raincoat come out from a tent as the pbr pull up . soldier hi there ! willard how you do ? soldier that 's a nice little boat you get there . never see one up here before . chief we call in a request for a medevac . you guy do not receive it ? soldier medevac ? no. chief we pass a down huey with some kias . soldier on you way here ? chief yeah . soldier ( incredulous ) you go up this river ? chief Way up . soldier Way up river ? forget it . chief why ? soldier we wanna send some people down river . just forget it . they turn around and start to go back to they tent . chef ( to willard ) what the fuck be that ? chief ( call out ) we will be back in a couple of day . the soldier look at he as though he must be crazy . soldier yeah , right , you will be back . they return to the tent . willard step off the pbr . willard Chief ? chief yeah , Captain . willard see what you can do with that engine . I be gonna have a look around . and do not leave without I . he walk up the muddy bank and through the desert camp . half of it be blow down . the whole installation have the look of a ghost town . two soldier approach , huddle in they ponchos . willard hey , solder , where 's you c.o.? soldier do not ask I , man . willard wander around the desolate place . other soldier pass . willard hey , guy , where 's you c.o.? soldier he step on a land mine about two month ago . get all blow to hell . willard who 's in charge here ? soldier charge ? I do not know man . I be just the night man . just do what I be tell . I be just a work girl . he just giggle and turn off walk into the mud and rain . willard ( to other soldier ) what about you , fella ? the other soldier turn around smile idiotically , and make animal noise . he stumble off after he friend . ext . pbr - by the river - day lance , chef , and clean be sit on the dock surround by enormous pile of clothes , boot , all sort of brand new junk , seemingly abandon . Chief remain with the boat . clean be work on lance 's m16 . clean lance , man , I be tell you it 's gonna jam . you mark my word . lance get off my back ! lance , in a unexplainable fit of temper , turn to clean , jump on he and pull he into the mud . chef , see a brawl , jump into it as well . all wrestle in the mud . back to willard he hear a voice . agent hey , you ! come here ! willard turn to see the Hollywood agent from the Hau phat show under the flap of a large tent , hide from the rain , wave willard to come over . his clothes be the same he wear at the Hau phat show but wet and dirty . he motion willard over to he . agent come here . be that you boat ? come on inside . willard what do you want ? agent come on inside , I want to talk to you . come on . get out of the rain . back to the crew in the mud Rolling around fight , slapping mud on each other . it 's as though there be a linger madness that infect anyone who visit this place . chief come on , cut the shit . come on . back to willard and the agent agent how you do , Captain ? I want you to meet some people . CUT to : crew at the pbr , still fighting in the mud willard approach the group . he look down at they as they sprawl in the mud . willard hey , guy . hey , fella . guy ? they do not respond , but continue they wild free- for-all in the junk and mud . willard I just make a deal with people from Hau phat . I negotiate two barrel of fuel for a couple of hour with the bunny . they stop fight instantly . willard walk toward the boat . the group of they run after he . chef you shittin ' I ? willard no , I be not . ( to crew ) grab a couple of barrel and get up to that big tent . come on ! view on the chief he be not jubilant about this news . chief Captain . you be give away fuel for a playmate of the month ? willard no. playmate of the Year , Chief . ( he take a drink from a bottle ) chief Captain , we get in a fire fight and run out of fuel , I want you to tell I how she be . willard I make a deal for all of we , Chief . how about you ? chief you get some mama in there ? willard some what ? chief ( laugh ) forget it , Captain . I will stay with the boat . Chief move to the engine , with lance 's m16 . lance hey , Captain , give I a hand ! willard help lance with the fuel drum , and they exit , leave Chief alone on the boat . ext . playboy helicopter - rain - day it be still raining . the playboy helicopter be park by the river . we view move closer , and we can make out two figure in the front seat . chef ( o.s. ) you know , I get every one of you picture ... int . playboy helicopter - rain - day it be chef and terri . he have on he rain gear and be struggle to get it off . terri be hold a white bird in she hand and there be two more perch on they back seat . chef I get the centerfold , the playmate 's Review , the playmate of the Year runoff . I even get the calendar . hey , oiseau ! how come you get a bird ? terri I use to be the bird girl at busch garden . chef busch garden ? terri yeah , I use to train bird there . he react as he rise , struggle to get off he rain pants . chef you be miss December , be not you ? terri miss May . ext . hospital unit - rain - day lance and carrie be inside one of the hospital musk unit . she be lie back on one of the bed , and lance be try to pull she boot off . carrie 's portfolio and picture be spread around the bed with some of she fan mail . carrie be it come ? back to chef and carrie chef miss December have black hair . terri it 's over there . she point to the back - seat of the huey , to a black wig on a stand . chef react as he look at it . she be still preoccupy with the bird . terri he 's not one of my regular bird . ( to bird ) come on , baby . snatch you cracker . come here . back to lance and carrie lance be kneel next to carrie , start to make he move . he open she blouse , expose she breast . carrie be playmate of the Year be the loneliest experience I can imagine . it 's like you try to express you feeling to someone , and show they you heart ... back to chef and terri chef yeah , I would love to see you bird act , but would you mind just put this - would you just mind put this wig on for I , please ? he pick up the wig from the stand . terri turn and move back to the rear seat . back to lance and carrie he move to she makeup case . carrie ... and there 's this glass wall between you , this invisible glass , and they can see you mouth move . back to chef and terri she be seat next to he in the back - seat of the helicopter . he put the black wig on she . terri I use to train bird for at least two year at busch garden . chef this be cascade over you shoulder . ( she blouse ) this be open here . back to lance and carrie lance be put barrettes in she hair . carrie ... but they can not hear what you be say . back to terri and chef he have open she blouse and be try to position she . terri ... I use to train then to stand on they head , fly upside down , and ride little bicycle ... chef you right hand be over there ... suddenly clean appear at the back window of the helicopter , carry a open black umbrella to shield himself from the rain . he bang on the window . clean hey , chef ! chef get out of there , man ! clean continue to pound on the side of the helicopter . chef react on the inside . chef later ! later ! give I fifteen minute . back to lance and carrie lance put some of the green makeup on carrie . carrie you can never really make they hear what you be try to say ... back to chef and terri try to position she . chef you be kind of bend . yeah , you ass be just kind of ... by this time clean have climb up on the roof of the helicopter , he lean over and look in at chef and terri through the front window , bang on it with he umbrella . chef hey man , fuck off ! Fifteen minute ! back to lance and carrie he be lie she back on the bed . carrie that 's why I try so desperately to show somebody that I have some talent . back to chef and terri chef fix she shirt . terri Little baby macaw . have you ever see a baby macaw ? they be beautiful . clean be now look in through the window of the door . they react to he . chef ( to clean ) come on , man , take off ! clean I get my rights , man ! back to lance and carrie he put more makeup on she , as she continue to talk . carrie they make you do thing that you do not want to do . like this picture here . she open the portfolio that she have be hang on to . we see a picture of she in the nude . lance look at it and react . then she resume talk . carrie I start feel repulse with myself ... back to chef and terri chef you be just kind of bend forward , you ass kind of out . terri I love training bird ... chef that 's it . terri ... I really do . chef finally have she pose perfectly . chef that 's it ! Viola ! beautiful . we realize that he be try to get she to pose exactly as she be in the centerfold of the playmate of the Year he tape up on the pbr . chef you know , I can not believe it . I , J. hick . I can not believe I be really here , you know . back to lance and carrie he be caress she face . carrie ... maybe I be unfit to have a relationship with a beautiful , innocent boy . back to chef and terri chef just think , if it have not be for the Vietnam War , I would never would have meet you , miss December . terri miss May . back to lance and carrie carrie I wish I could find just one person that could share my point of view . back to chef and terri they look at each other for a beat , then they both come unglue . he start stripping the clothes off she , lay she back on the seat , kissing she breast , etc . terri you kiss like a bird ! oh , God ! kiss I ! chef I love bird ! back to lance and carrie clean appear at the window . he look in at they . carrie turn and see he , she jump from the bed , panicked , and move over by a couple of metal coffin container . clean burst into the room as carrie knock one of the coffin over . the lid pop open , revealing a naked dead soldier inside , full of bullet hole . carrie scream . back to chef and terri make passionate , enthusiastic love . terri like a bird ! take I like a bird ! fly baby ! what be you do ? chef I can fly like a eagle ! terri like a eagle , baby ! cock it to I ! oh , you drive I crazy ! back to carrie , lance and clean clean be go . lance be sit next to carrie , comforting she . she be still distraught over see the dead body . carrie lance , that be somebody 's son ... lance , there be thing that they make I do , that I do not want to do . but they say , " pull the ribbon between you leg , " and I do not want to do it . but they say that be what be expect of I , that what people want to see . lance react , then kiss she . he start take off she blouse . clean appear at the break window behind they . he stick he head in and look down at they , watch , wait for he turn . carrie break the embrace and look up at clean . carrie who be you ? clean I be next , mar 'am . carrie react as we - CUT to : ext . river - pbr - day the crew be all on the pbr . clean be at the back attempt to shave . chef be sit in back busy cooking up one of he specialty on top of the engine , give clean a hard time about the girl . the Chief be at the helm , a little sore at what 's happen to he crew . chef ( to clean ) well , I do not know you never get no pussy ! clean shut the fuck up ! chef sure sorry about that . if I have know , I would have take you to New Orleans . teach you some of the move . chief Lay off , chef ! willard study the shadowy photo of kurtz we see earlier , as chef tease clean in the background . chef cherry boy , cherry boy . clean you be fuck dumb ! chef we will go to New Orleans . I will get you fix up , you prick . chief Lay off , chef . clean you be the only prick I see around here . if I wanna play with a prick , I will play with my own . chef you would not know what to do with it ! view on lance ignoring all this . he be painting he face with brown and green camouflage greasepaint . it be quite ornate- almost psychedelic . he hold a compact in he hand . chief chef , I say lay off ! knock it off ! give he a break ! what do you think I say ? and give you jaw a rest . and this be not the army ! you be a sailor . so get out of that frizzly army - look shirt and stop smoking that dope , you hear I ? he look back to lance . chief lance , what 's with all the green paint ? lance camouflage . chief how 's that ? lance so they can not see you . they be everywhere . Chief . the Chief react ... what the hell can he say . chief uh-huh . I want you to stay awake up there , man . you get a job to do . dissolve to : ext . the pbr - day the Chief steer the pbr up river and around a bend . he see something ahead , shout to the crew . chief sampan off the port bow . sampan off the port bow . let 's take a look . Pov view a sampan , head down -river , riding low in the water . back to pbr crew everybody on the crew have react , as the Chief continue to bark order . chief lance , bring they in . clean , on the 60 . chef , get a 16 . clean , get on that 60 ! lance jump up from he hammock , grab he m16 . clean shut off he radio , jump up and move to the m60 machine gun . by this time willard have move up next to the Chief , wonder what the hell be go on . willard what 's up , Chief ? chief a junk boat , Captain . we be gonna take a routine check . willard let 's forget routine now , and let they go . chief this boat be run supplies in this delta , Captain . I be gonna take a look . willard Chief , my mission 's get priority here . Hell , you would not even be in this part of the river , if it be not for I . chief until we reach you destination , Captain , you be just on for the ride . willard realize that this be a ploy by the Chief to establish he authority . nothing be go to stop he . another angle - to include sampan and pbr the pbr slide alongside the sampan . three nervous vietnamese men and one young woman look up from the basket of rice , mango , fish , etc . chief all right , come on , let 's bring it over . look in that forward hooch . bring the people out of there . by this time the third man have cross forward and join the other . chef hurry up , motherfucker ! move it ! can couc ! they hand they id card to chef . chief keep you eye open , clean . clean ( on the machine gun ) I get you Chief . willard just sit down , resign to this show of the Chief 's authority . chef look at they and nod he approval . he hand they to Chief . chief board it and search it . chef there be not nothing on it , Chief . chief board it and search it . chef just basket and duck . bananas . there be not nothing on it . chief go on it and search it . chef just a goat . some fish . bunch of fuck vegetable . the Chief finally get piss off , he turn and scream at chef : chief get on that boat ! chef there 's nothing on it , man ! chief get on that boat ! chef start down into the vietnamese sampan . he be really piss off . he shove the vietnamese man out of the way . chef ( to man ) move it , asshole . the Chief watch as chef go through the routine of examine the sampan and what it carry . he be very nervous as he look in all the basket . chef Pigs ! mango ! what 's in the rice bag ? Fucking rice ! chief well , look in there , chef ! chef Fucking fish ! more coconut . Rice . here 's rice . chief what 's in that vegetable basket ? chef move deeper into the sampan . he look at the vietnamese girl that be sit on a yellow can . chef ( to girl ) can couc ! come on ! get out of there . he grab she and finally pull she out of the interior of the cabin . he move it and start look around . chief check that vegetable basket . chef all right ! one of the vietnamese man start to protest . clean shut up , slope ! chef there be not nothing in here . chief what 's in the box ? look in that tin can . that rusty can . chef just fuck rice , that 's all ! there be not nothing in it ! chief check that yellow can . she be sit on it . what 's in it ? chef start for it . all of a sudden , the girl move . clean open up with the m60 . she be blow apart , fall back on the deck . in a instant , they all OPEN FIRE . one of the vietnamese man be blow apart into the water , and the other be gun down in they track . all of they continue to fire they rifle and gun wildly , yell obscenity . willard have he .45 out but do not shoot . clean motherfucker ! chef ( weep ) let 's kill they all ! lance Fucking cocksucker motherfucker ! finally the Chief call out to they . chief hold it ! hold it ! they all stop fire , but chef , lance , and clean be mumble hysterically . chef let 's kill all the asshole ! chief chef , hold it ! hold it ! chef ( hysterically ) ... why not ? chief clean ? clean I be good . chief you okay , lance ? lance shit ! fuck ! chief chef ? chef have move to the yellow can that the vietnamese girl be sit on . he open the lid and check what she have hide . chef look what she be hide . she what she be run for ? he reach inside of the can , and pull out a puppy . they all react . chef a fuck puppy ! a puppy . lance gimme that dog ! gimme that dog ! chef no , you be not gonna get it ! lance give I the fuck dog , asshole ! lance grab the dog from he , kick chef back . chef throw a mango at he . chef fuck you ! Fucking mango , too ! you want that ? the vietnamese girl , still alive and bleed , move behind chef . chief chef , she 's move behind you . she 's alive . check she out . chef turn and bend down to she . chef come on , clean , goddamnit , give I a hand ! clean jump down into the sampan . he and chef pick up the girl and carry she to the edge of the boat . chef she 's not dead . she 's move . ( to group ) let 's take it easy . take it easy . slow down and take it easy . clean bring she up . chief be she breathe , chef ? chef she 's hurt . she 's bleed . chief bring she onboard . we be take she to a ARVN . another angle on to include willard willard look at the girl and then to Chief . willard what be you talk about ? chief we be take she to some friendly . she 's wounded , she 's not dead . willard hold he .45 . look down at chef no the girl . willard get out of there , chef . chief the book say , Captain - before anybody can react , willard aim and shoot the girl dead with he .45 . she fall dead in chef 's arm . chef fuck you . fuck they . willard turn and look at the Chief . willard I tell you not to stop . now let 's go . fade out : fade in : ext . the river - pbr - evening the boat move up the river . willard ( v.o. ) it be a way we have over here of live with ourselves . we would cut they in half with a machine gun , and give they a Band - Aid . it be a lie . and the more I see of they , the more I hate liar . that boy be never gonna look at I the same way again , but I feel like I know one or two thing about kurtz , that be not in the dossier . ext . do lung bridge - the pbr - river - night the boat edge in toward a wreck bridge in the distance . along the bank be sandbagge fortification with the U.S. soldier . there be a bright fire burn uncontrolled in the distance - in fact there be several - flame and spark from welding on the bridge momentarily light up the night . there be sporadic gunfire at o.s. sniper , and flare arc through the sky above the bridge . willard ( v.o. ) do lung bridge be the last army outpost on the nung River . Beyond it there be only kurtz . angle forward - lance and chef chef hey , lance , what do you think ? lance it 's beautiful . chef what 's the matter with you ? you be act kind of weird ? lance you know that last tab of acid I be save ? chef yeah . lance I drop it . chef you drop acid ? Far out . another angle the Chief power the boat forward , as willard and clean watch in awe . everywhere be wreck boat , part of jeep stick out of the water - a smashed helicopter on the bank . the bridge be in a state of siege . mortar and rocket arc through the night indiscriminately and rip through the nearby jungle . Light automatic weapon FIRE be head occasionally . the entire scene be light by parachute flare . as the pbr edge forward , soldier run up through the water , try to get aboard . one soldier be carry some luggage and a m16 . he splashes into the water , in a mad dash for freedom . soldier take I home ! goddamn you ! chief get away from this boat . soldier # 2 you will get what you deserve ! he and the other be leave behind as the pbr continue forward . willard see a young lieutenant kneel on a platform that jut out into the water . he be hold a small strobe light , try to signal the pbr down . he be hold a large mail bag and a pouch in the other hand . willard motion toward the shore . the Chief turn the boat towards the Lieutenant . carlson be there a Captain willard on board ? Captain willard ? willard yeah ! who 's that ? as the boat cross to a stop , lance swing the spotlight onto the Lieutenant . carlson Lieutenant carlson , sir . ( to lance ) get that light off I ! lance swing the light off he , as willard squat down on the bow of the boat . carlson I be send here from Nah trang with this three day ago , sir . expected you here a little sooner . he hand willard a plastic bag with maximum security marking . willard take it - also a mail pouch . carlson this be mail for the boat . you do not know how happy this make I , sir . willard why ? carlson now I can get out of here , if I can find a way . he turn and splashes off into the darkness . then stop and look back . carlson you be in the asshole of the world , Captain ! he salute , then turn and move away . willard hop off the side of the boat into the mud , move up toward the shore . chief Captain , where you go ? willard to see if I can find some fuel and get some information . pick I up on the other side of the bridge . chief ( to he man ) somebody go with he . ( to chef ) chef . chef do not move , not want to go . no one budge , then lance volunteer . lance I will go . I want to go . he pick up the puppy and a m16 , then jump over the side onto the shore . ext . shore - night as willard and lance walk across a open area , they be light by the battle in the background . lance look up and around the embankment and along a barb wire on the edge of the road . shell scream overhead . lance just stand look down on the phantasmagoric string of light , the smoke , the fire . willard jump down into a trench . we see a soldier crouch , hold he buddy , who be cry uncontrollably . willard where can I find the c.o.? soldier you can right to it , son of a bitch ! willard lance ! get down here ! lance be still reacting to the pyrotechnics around he . he turn and jump down into the trench . willard you still get a commanding officer she ? soldier beverly Hills . willard what ? soldier right up the road there 's a concrete bunker call beverly Hills . where the fuck else do you think it would be ? willard turn and move away from the two soldier . lance follow . the camera follows they as they proceed down the long trench . they pass a group of black g.i.s. suddenly willard trip over a body , and fall right into a mud puddle . the body stir . soldier you step in my face ! lance we think you be dead . soldier well , you think wrong , damnit ! they come to another gun emplacement , where two back soldier be at a fifty - caliber machine gun . the gunners blast away into the night , walk and swear at vietcong . the spotter be feed the bullet into the gun . psychedelic guitar music play on a portable radio . gunner ( to enemy ) I tell you to stop fuck with I ! you think you be so bad , huh , nigga ? willard watch for a while , then shout over to he . willard what be you shoot at , soldier ? gunner gook ! what the fuck do you think I be shoot at ? ( turn and see it 's a officer ) I be sorry , sir . there be gook out there by the wire . but I think I kill they all . spotter you be not shot shit ! listen ! the enemy 's yell continue . gunner oh , shit , he 's try to call he friend . sen up a flare . the spotter reach over and pick up a flare pistol , and fire a flare into the air . the gunner start blast away again , gunner you think you so bad , nigga ? you think you so bad ? he stop fire . the yell continue . spotter they be all dead , stupid . there 's one still alive underneath they body . willard who 's the commanding officer here ? gunner ai not you ? ( to enemy ) you think you so bad ? I get something for you ass ! I get something for you now ! lance climb up on top of the sandbag with the puppy and look at the pyrotechnics . explosion go off all around he ... space city . spotter there 's nothing but body , man ! gunner ( to spotter ) go get the roach , man . go get the roach , nigga ! the spotter move down the trench , to where a tall lanky black soldier wear all sort of bead and trinket lean against the ditch , sleep . spotter ( call out ) roach ! roach ! the roach get up somewhat annoyed , but very cool , and saunter up toward the machine gun . willard look over and see lance up on top of the sandbag . willard lance ! lance climb down back into the trench . the roach and spotter move back to the machine gun , where the gunner wait . the roach turn off the radio , sit down , and listen . spotter do you hear they ? well , bust they ! vietcong ( o.s. ) hey , g.i. , fuck you ! gunner you hear he out there on the wire , man ? roach yeah . vietcong ( o.s. ) fuck you , you g.i. gunner you need a flare ? roach no . ( listen ) he 's close , man . he 's real close . vietcong ( o.s. ) g.i. , fuck you ! the roach open the breech of he shotgun- like weapon , plunk a big slug into it . he snap it close , then turn and wrap the strap around he arm . he point the weapon up into the air listen to the yelling , calculate , then fire . the grenade whistle off into the night . there be a sharp explosion that cut off the scream . then the thud of body . roach motherfucker . willard hey , soldier . do you know who 's in command here ? roach yeah . he turn and walk away . CUT to : full shot - pbr - bridge - night the pbr stand in the shadow . chef , the Chief , and clean be wait for willard and lance . shell whistle by and crash in the distance as the welding continue on the bridge . clean look up and see a direct hit on the bridge . two soldier eat blow off some of the tower and into the water . clean Holy shit ! yo , Chief , two guy just get blow off that bridge , chief you hand on , man . you be gonna be okay . clean turn and move to the bow , where chef be kneel by the mail bag . clean what 's that ? chef mail , man ! chief later on the mail ! watch they tree . willard and lance climb back onto the boat , load down with supplies . they move down into the pbr . willard there 's no diesel fuel , but I pick up some ammo . let 's move out . chief do you find the c.o. , Captain ? willard there 's no fuck c.o. here . let 's just get go . chief which way , Captain ? willard you know which way , Chief . he take off he shirt , then he T-shirt . chef you be on you own , Captain . still want to go on ? like this bridge . we build it every night , Charlie blow it right back up again , just so the general can say the road 's open . think about it ... who care ? willard just get we up river ! chief chef . on the bow . ( to clean ) stand by , clean . full view - the pbr - night the man on the bridge continue to weld with they torch as the pbr back up , then the Chief pull away from the bridge . they all look back in the distance , the hill flash with charge , there be a fiery glow , the concussion of heavy explosion , as the bridge blows . dissolve to : ext . the pbr - day it be the next morning . the pbr continue on its journey up river . chef distribute mail from the mail bag . chef shit , you get another one , clean ! clean no shit . wait a minute . be that it ? chef that 's it for you . lance ? Mr. L. B. Johnson , there you go . lance take the letter . lance Far out , man ! all right , I be wait for this one . chef ( to all ) I get another one . I get a box from Eva . lance ( read ) " lance , I be fine . Sue and I go trip in disneyland . Sue skinned she knee . chef man , I be gonna get back to antoine 's . lance ( to letter ) how could I fuck forget , man ? beautiful ! ( read ) " there could never be a place like disneyland , or could there ? let I know . " ( look around ) Jim , it 's here . it really be here . willard have open the top secret pouch and be read the letter inside : willard ( v.o. ) ( read ) " there have be a new development regard you mission , which we must one communicate to you . month ago , a man be order on a mission , which be identical to yours . we have reason to believe that he be now operate with Colonel kurtz . saigon be carry he mia for he family 's sake , but they assume he be dead . then they intercept a letter he try to send to he wife . " insert - close on the copy of the letter " find someone else . forget it . I be never come back . " willard ( v.o. ) Captain Richard colby . he be with kurtz . lance ( to himself ) disneyland . fuck , man , this be better than disneyland . chef ( read newspaper ) " ... Charles Miller Manson order the slaughter of all in the home anyway , as a symbol of protest . " that 's really weird , be not it ? lance have take some smoke bomb and be pop they open . colored smoke begin to pour out . lance purple haze ! look ! chief lance , put that smoke away . clean I get a tape from my mom . lance be play with the smoking flare . lance Chief , rainbow reality , man . get a good whiff . chef Eva can not picture I in Vietnam . she picture I at home , have a beer , watch tv . the color smoke be get in everybody 's eye . the whole boat be envelop . clean hey , lance , man ! lance ( to himself ) hot potato ! hot potato chef Eve 's not sure she can have a relationship with I . here I be , thirteen thousand fuck mile away , try to keep a relationship with my ass . clean 's tape from he mom be playing . clean' mother ( into recorder ) " ... and that 's much more that I can say for some of you friend . if this tape be any good , I will have dad and the family send you a tape of they own . suddenly stream of tracers whip out of the jungle at they , other bullet smash and ricochet off the deck ; glass shatter , everybody jump to they battle station . lance jump into the turret of the twin fifty and start blast away at the jungle . the Chief try to power the pbr out of the ambush . clean jump up behind the m60 machine gun and start fire . willard use he m16 . everything be confusion , yell , gunfire , the thud of bullet rip into the pbr fiberglass hull . lance 's gun return fire . he scream obscenity as he vent a almost superhuman violence . mo . close shot - lance - firing he gun turn in the turret ; bullet smash and explode around he . nobody quite know where the fire be come from . view on the chief the Chief steer and accelerate erratically , try to dodge the fire fight . view on clean firing he gun firing the m60 ... suddenly it jam . as he rise up behind the shield he be riddled by machine gun fire . the bullet blast into he throat , chest , stomach ... he fall to the deck . nobody have see that he be down yet . they keep fire they gun into the jungle . the Chief throttles forward , the boat surge ahead and slam across the river . it be all over quickly . the Chief turn and see that clean have be hit and be down on the deck . chief chef ! take care of clean ! Captain , clean 's hit ! he 's hit ! lance climb out of the gun turret and look around for the little puppy . lance where would the dog go ? where 's the dog ? we gotta go back and get the dog ! chef crawl to clean and turn he over . see that he be dead . chef clean ! hey ! bubber , you can not die ! you fucker ! hey , bubber ! clean' mother ( into recorder ) " I will have a lot of grandchild to love and spoil , and then when you wife get they back , she 's be mad with I . even aunt jessie and mama will come to celebrate you come home . granny and dad be try to get enough money to get you a car . but do not tell they , because that 's we secret . anyhow ... " clean lie dead , flat on he back . Chief turn he over and hold he wrist to try and take he pulse . clean' mother ( into recorder ) " ... do the right thing , stay out of the way of the bullet , and bring you hiney home ask in one piece ... ' cause we love you very much . Love , Mom . " Chief be hold clean 's hand and cry . dissolve to : ext . river - pbr - day the boat under power , move through fog . they pass down jet , wreckage , burn fire . willard be sit on the bow , look out into the distance as though he see something . willard ( motion to Chief ) hold on . throw I the glass . he look through the binocular . willard be p.o.v . - wrecked french plantation - day in the distance , we can make out a plantation . the dock have be devastate by year of fight . there be a heavy fog or mist everywhere . up on the hill above the dock sit a large house ; it do not look heavily damage . ext . river - the pbr - day willard pick up he m16 and move to the front of the boat . Chief have also see the wreck plantation . chief lance . get the 16 on the bow . ( to chef ) chef , on the 60 . the Chief pull the pbr slowly up to the wreck dock . willard jump off with he m16 in hand and cautiously look around . he walk into a wreck barn . he come out of the side and make he way back to chef and lance , who be stand on the dock . chief lance , cover the Captain . suddenly from out of the fog ... french voice shout out . lafavre you be surround . return . Drop you weapon . chef ( in french ) do not shoot ! do not shoot ! ( to lance and other ) they're french . ( n french , to soldier ) I be drop my weapon ! chef and lance start to put down they m1y , the Chief shout out furiously from the boat . chief chef ! pick up that weapon ! pick it up ! stand fast ! chef continue to shout to the french . chef we be Americans ! we be friend . lafavre Drop you weapon ! as willard walk down the dock , french soldier appear out of the fog , totally surround they . willard stop in front of they , realize there be no way out , and raise he rifle in surrender . chief ( to lance and chef ) all right , you man . put down you weapon . they all drop they weapon . more soldier step out . chef ( in french ) we be Americans . we be friend . we be friend . we see more french and cambodian soldier as they step out of the fog onto the dock . they move forward cautiously . it be strange . it be like meeting up with a group of soldier from the french indo - chinese War . it 's as though they have step into 1954 . the soldier be still wear part of the red beret of they particular unit that fight against the viet Minh . there be also vietnamese who serve the french and who fight with the french . they all bear older automatic weapon and suspicion in they eye . another frenchman join the group . this be obviously the patriarch of the family . hubert demarais be about fifty , with a dignity and strength about he . he and willard look at each other . willard we lose one of we man . demarais we french always pay respect to the dead of we ally . you be all welcome . ( pause ) y name be hubert DeMarais . this be my family 's plantation . it have be such for seventy year , and it will be such until we be all dead . dissolve to : ext . graveyard - dolly shot - day the group be assemble . there be a platoon of cambodian soldier stand by a open grave , sergeant lafavre in front of they . lafavre to my command ! attention ! weapon on the shoulder ! present weapon ! the platoon present they weapon , as clean 's body be carry toward the grave . the bugler bring the bugle up to he lip and play " tap . " willard look up and see something on the balcony of the house . he p.o.v : a young woman , dress in white , be on the balcony . she have be watch the ceremony . she turn back into the house . the Chief bend down and pick up the tatter american flag , which be on clean 's body . lance place clean 's tape recorder on the body . the body be lower into the grave . chief ( to willard ) Captain , accept the flag of tyrone Miller , on behalf of a grateful nation . he hand the fold flag to willard . int . dine room - group - night we see the memarais interior . they have set up a table for the crew , and with some of they own enlist man . the table be head by sergeant lafavre , who be already seriously into the wine . a waiter come to the table and stop next to chef . he be hold a plate full of chicken , etc . chef 's face light up as he regards the wonderful european - style food . chef this food be really wonderful , be not it ? the wine , the sauce . I can not believe it . can I speak with the chef ? lafavre the chef speak only vietnamese . chef no kid . he cook like this and he can not even speak french ? ( to lance ) hey , lance , the chef 's a slope . lance have be load up on food from the waiter 's plate . as the waiter move away from he , lance reach across the table for the bread and accidentally knock over a glass . chief hey , lance ... lance realize he be eat like a animal , sit back down . the view move along the table and reveal that on a higher level there be a more elaborate table set , where the DeMarais family be dining with willard . willard be sit next to DeMarais , who be at the head of the table . Christian , anne-marie , and old blind uncle , claudine , the tutor , and philippe be all seat , listen to one of the grandchild , who be recite a poem . the other grandchild stand nearby listen . the child stumble through the poem . demarais ( in french ) you still need to study with Mr. Robert . let 's go . not too bad . go to bed everyone now . the child kiss they parent good night , and run out of the room . DeMarais turn to willard . demarais this be Baudelaire . it be a very cruel poem for child , but they need it , because life sometime be very cruel . he reach behind he and pick up a plaque , hand it to willard . demarais as you can see . attack repel by the family . philippe just for this war demarais ( point to the plaque ) vietcong , fifty -eight . North vietnamese , twelve . South vietnamese , eleven . willard Americans , six ? demarais yes , well , there be perhaps mistake . willard hand the plaque back to demarais , who hand if off to philippe . another angle to include roxanne the young woman we see earlier , roxanne , have come down the stair and move into the dining room . DeMarais look up and see she . demarais ( in french ) roxanne , you be curious to see this Americans , be not you ? roxanne ( in french ) no , I be only hungry . she stop in front of a empty chair next to philippe . willard rise to greet she . demarais May I present Captain willard , he be of a paratroop regiment . Madame sarrault . she smile and indicate for willard to sit down . roxanne Captain . she sit down . there be a uneasy silence . she laugh slightly . roxanne ( in french ) " a angel pass ... " DeMarais react . demarais ( in french ) " ... let 's butcher it ! " do you remember this story in Paris , when the baron say , " let 's cut the angel ? " roxanne ( in french ) I do not think that be the subject tonight . demarais I be sorry , Captain . it be just a little story . and people starve during the war . they be all around the table , and there be a silence , somebody say " a angel be pass by . " so somebody say " let 's eat it ! " ( laugh ) willard how long can you possibly stay here ? demarais we stay forever . willard no , no , I mean , why do not you go back home to France ? demarais this be we home , Captain . willard sooner or later , you be -- demarais no ! roxanne interrupt , say something to he in french . he silence she . demarais ( to willard ) you do not understand we mentality ! the french officer mentality ! at first , we lose in second World War . I do not say that you Americans win , but we lose . claudine oh , papa . DeMarais be start to get heat up . demarais when I speak , you shut up ! ( to willard ) in dine Bien phu , we lose ! in Algeria , we lose ! in indochina , we lose . but here , we do not lose ! this piece of earth , we keep it ! we will never lose it ! never ! the old blind uncle at the other end of the table speak , as claudine cut he food for he and feed he . old uncle and now you take french place , and the viet Minh fight you . and what can you do ? nothing . absolutely nothing . demarais the vietnamese be very intelligent . you never know what they think . the Russian one who help they , " come and give we they money , we be all Communists . chinese , come and give we gun . we be all brother . " they hate the chinese ! maybe they hate the american less that the Russian and the chinese . if tomorrow the vietnamese be Communists , they will be vietnamese Communists . and this be something that you will never understand , you american . old uncle I do not know . maybe in the future we can make something with the viet Minh . philippe do not you understand ? the v.c. say , " go away ! go away ! " that 's finish for all the white people in indochina . if you be french , american , that 's all the same . " go ! " they want to forget you . look , Captain -- he rise from the table . demarais come on , philippe . it 's enough now . philippe go and pick up a egg from the basket , return to the table . philippe look , this be the truth ... he break the egg in he hand , the content dribble out . philippe a egg , the white leave , but the yellow stay ! he turn and walk away . demarais ( in french ) come on , stay with we . what 's go on ? philippe ( call back ) they do not want to face the truth . he point to the dining room , turn and exit , lafavre , play he accordion , walk toward the dining room . christian when I be in saigon , I speak to a american politician , and he explain it very well . he say , " look , yesterday it be Korea , today Vietnam , tomorrow Thailand , the Philippines , then maybe Europe . " lafavre enter , play the accordion . christian come on , why not Europe ? look what happen in Czechoslovakia recently . and even before the second World War , the Americans know exactly what be go on ! they do not want that shit to take over ! ( to lafavre , who be play the accordion ) lafavre ! lafavre , stop it ! lafavre all you white people be shit . christian they be fight . Fighting for freedom . lafavre freedom ? bullshit . french bullshit . american bullshit . ( to all ) dine Bien phu , that 's serious ! all soldier know they be already dead . ( to willard ) you know anything about dine Bien phu ? willard yeah , I know . demarais no , you do not . not really . tutor a milliary mistake . demarais a mistake ? a voluntary mistake ! voluntary ! lafavre all the soldier know , we know we would be dead . demarais the general and the colonel believe it 's impossible for the viet to get the cannon up there in the mountain . but they do . then they wait for the rain to come . when it come , no airplane can fly there , and we paratrooper jump at ninety meter ! I mean , you know , ninety meter ! seventy meter ! that 's crazy ! nobody in the world can do that ! and they only do that to be dead with they friend . lafavre start play " the Star spangle Banner ! demarais the french Army sacrifice . sacrifice by politician safe at home . they put the army in a impossible situation where they could not win ! tutor you exaggerate . demarais the student be march in Paris , protest , demonstrate . they stab the soldier in they back ! the soldier would open a grenade , it would not work . a piece of paper would fall , " Union of the french woman . " " we be all for the viet . " traitors ! Communist traitor at home ! lafavre dine Bien phu , okay . the french be shit . no one care . no one want to -- christian you be bother I , lafavre ! ( to willard ) why do not you Americans learn from we , from we mistake ? my God , with you army , you strength , you power ... you could win if you want to ! as lafavre leave , he fall down some step that lead out of the dining room . demarais ( in french ; to Christian ) be kind and help this poor lafavre who fall , please . christian ( to willard ) you can win ! he rise and go to help the sergeant . as they leave , he wife Anne - Marie sit there nervously , then rise , excuse herself . old uncle you know , I be sure we can make something here . I be sure about it , you know ? I never do something wrong to the people here . tutor that 's right , but the Communists at home have never be traitor . demarais no , never traitor . for I , mend - France be a Communist . tutor mend - France be a Socialist . demarais he be Communist ! that 's it ! they get into a argument in french . the other look at each other , at willard , as the argument continue . tutor Socialist . demarais how do you want the government to win when it be Communist ? tutor Communists have always work for peace wherever they be . demarais they kill the french Army , which be the strongest . destroy because of who ? the Communists . tutor the army damage itself by its attitude toward the people here . demarais and why do you think that it do that ? because it understand it have be sacrifice by the Communist government . tutor Socialist . demarais Communist . tutor Captain , good night . the tutor get up and start to walk out ... give demarais one more shot . tutor ( to DeMarais ) mend - France be a Socialist . he leave . old uncle we can stay . I know we can stay . you know , we always help the people , we work with the people . the old man continue babbling , as claudine help he up . claudine come on , we be leave . old uncle so we can be friend , we be agree . the exit , claudine consol he . now only roxanne , willard , and DeMarais be at the table . demarais see , Captain , when my grandfather and my uncle 's father come here , there be nothing . nothing . the vietnamese be nothing . so we work hard , very hard , and bring the rubber from Brazil , and then plant it here . we take the vietnamese , work with they , make something , something out of nothing . so when you ask I why we want to stay here , Captain , we want to stay here because it 's ours , it belong to we . it keep out family together . we fight for that ! while you Americans , you be fight for the biggest nothing in history . I be sorry Captain . I will see if you man need any help to repair you boat , so that you can go on with you war . good night , roxanne . he rise from the table and move out of the room . willard and roxanne be leave alone at the table . roxanne I apologize for my family , Captain . we have all loot much here . hubert - he wife and two son . and I have lose a husband . willard I understand . roxanne you be tired of the war . I can see it in you face . it be the same in the eye of the soldier of we war . we call they " Les soldat perdus . " the lose Soldiers ( a beat ) if you like we can have some cognac . she rise and move to the live room . willard no , I have to see about my man and ... roxanne stop at the bottom of the stair . she turn to look at he . roxanne the war will still be here tomorrow . willard yeah , I guess you be right . he rise and walk down into the live room . roxanne move toward a table full of liquor bottle . roxanne I notice you have no wine at dinner . she begin to pour cognac into a glass . willard no , I do not drink wine . I do like cognac , but I do not want any now , thank you . roxanne well , then I must drink alone , . then . she pick up she glass of cognac , and walk by willard out onto the terrace . stop and look back at he . roxanne will you go back after the war to America ? willard no . roxanne then you be like we , you home be here . she walk farther out onto the terrace , sit down on a sofa , with she back to the river below . willard follow she and stand next to she at the railing . we can see man work on the pbr down below at the dock . roxanne do you know why you can never step into the same river twice ? willard yeah . because it 's always move . dissolve to : int . roxanne's bedroom - night we view start close on roxanne 's hand . she be hold a long opium pipe . in the other hand she hold a long tamper with some opium on the end . she handle it expertly over a small lamp with open flame , heating it , then put the bead of opium into the pipe . roxanne I use to prepare a pipe for my husband . it be morphine he take for the wound he suffer in he heart . she look over at willard . they be both lie on she bed , next to each other . roxanne he would rage and he would cry , my lose soldier . and I say to he , " there be two of you , do not you see ? one that kill and one that love . " and he say to I , " I do not know whether I be animal or a god . " but you be both . she offer he the pipe , he take it and inhale the smoke from the opium , give it back to she . she smoke also . roxanne you want more ? he shake he head . roxanne all that matter be that you be alive . you be alive , Captain . that 's the truth . she get up from the bed , unty one of the string of the bed canopy , and take off she robe , revealing she naked body . she walk around the bed , untying the other string . she approach he . he reach up to she . roxanne there be two of you , do not you see ? one that kill ... and one that love . dissolve to : ext . river - pbr - day mist swell up around the river as the boat move into a obscure fog . willard be up front on the bow , try to see what 's ahead . the Chief be at the helm . ed . close shot - the chief we catch a glimpse of he , even though we be in the fog , he can not see a thing . finally he shut down the engine and they coast . chief can not see nothing . we be stop . willard jump up and move to the Chief . willard you be not authorize to stop this boat , Chief . chief I say I can not see a thing , Captain ! I be stop this boat ! I be not risk no more life ! willard I be in command here , goddamnit . you will do what I say ! chief ( to chef ) you see anything , chef ? chef be at the back of the boat behind the m50 . he search the bank . chef why do not they fuck attack , man ? angle on lance his head back , wail eerily . chef watch it over there , Chief . get a stump . chief lance , on the fifty . angle on the pbr we catch glimpsis through the move fog , all of the man on the pbr , at they gun , search the shoreline . willard ( v.o. ) he be close . he be real close . I could not see he yet , but I could feel he , as if the boat be be suck up river and the water be flow back into the jungle . whatever be go to happen , it be not go to be the way they call it back in Nah trang . suddenly the air be fill with arrow , a avalanche of arrow in the sky . they come down clatter on the deck . chef open fire . willard arrow ! chief Fire ! chef , open fire ! Fire ! lance ! Fire ! another angle - arrow arrow everywhere , primitive spear flung expertly . angel on lance in the front turret , arrow whiz around he . he turn , smile , pick one up , look at it , break it in half . angle on the chef frightened , but almost heroic , fire he weapon and shouting obscenity at the weird , dance heathen attack he . arrow fall harmlessly around he . high angle - the sky thousands of arrow in the sky come clatter down on the deck by the Chief . angle to go with willard amaze ... immediately he know they be harmless , do more to frighten than to injure . but still , he 's never see anything like this in all he time in Vietnam , and he know in he gut that it be still another message from kurtz . he move to chef , try to make he stop fire . willard chef ! chef , it 's okay ! quit fire ! they be just little arrow . cut it out ! quiet ! Chief , tell they to hold they fire ! they be just little stick ! they be try to scare we ! the Chief pick up he m16 and turn to willard wildly . chief you get we in this mess , and now you can not get we out , because you do not know where the hell you be go , do you ? ( no answer ) do you ? you son of a bitch ! you bastard ! the Chief leave the wheel of the pbr and step up on the deck with he m16 . willard ( to lance ) lance , get the wheel ! lance move to take over the wheel , as Chief start fire he m16 madly . chief you savage ! come and get it , you son of a bitch ! he drop the m16 , move to the m60 machine gun and start fire madly again . suddenly the Chief stop short , puzzle , a small droplet of blood line he mouth . he cough up a mouthful of blood , then look down . the head of a spear have go through he chest . he look up at willard . chief a spear ? he remain look directly into willard 's eye , then start to fall . willard catch he , and be pull down to the deck by the weight of the Chief 's body . the Chief look up at he and suddenly reach he hand for willard 's throat , try to pull willard down on top of the spearhead , try to skewer he , and pull he along with he to death . a beat as they struggle , then suddenly the Chief die . ext . river - the pbr - day lance be put camouflage paint on the Chief . willard have jump off the boat with all of he gear . chef look down at he . willard my mission be to make it up to Cambodia . there 's a Green beret colonel up there who 's go insane , and I be suppose to kill he . chef that 's fuck typical ! shit ! Fucking Vietnam mission ! I be short and we gotta go up there so you can kill one of we own guy ? that 's fuck great ! that 's just fuck great , man ! shit ! that 's fuck crazy ! I think you be go to blow up a bridge , or some fuck railroad track , or something ! lance have pull the Chief 's body into the river , and jump in himself . willard and chef watch he , as he try to bury Chief 's body in the water . willard turn to leave . willard that 's all right . chef no , wait . we will go together . on the boat . we will go with you . we will go out there . but on the boat , okay ? lance gently float Chief off downstream . we see the Chief 's body slowly disappear . ext . river - pbr - night the pbr move up - river . the shore be light up with burn torch and a large wooden structure in flame . we see the face of the remain crew , as they take in this sight . dissolve to : ext . river - the pbr - day the boat pass row of skull , flame torch , man impale on pole , etc . willard ( v.o. ) part of I be afraid of what I would find , and what I would do when I get there . I know the risk . or imagine I know . but the thing I feel the most , much stringer than fear , be the desire to confront he . lance be at the back of the boat , move in a slow - motion tai chi. dissolve to : ext . river - pbr - day the pbr be slowly move toward camera . lance and willard be stand on the bow of the boat . chef be at the helm . the man stare forward in amazement . willard have the binocular around he neck . he bring they up to he eye and look . willard ( to chef ) just keep move . ( to lance ) lance , keep you hand away from the gun . our view move slowly behind they and we see that they see . hundred of montagnard native , body and face paint white , of the most savage nature , but there be a purity about they . Men and boy stand passively on canoe side by side , block the river . there be also hundred of other native lining the shore on both side , dress in most ornate and primitive manner , in feather , part of bird and animal . fire and dead body be everywhere . our view move behind the pbr , closer and closer to this fantastic human wall block they . the native accept the pbr , allow it to pass into they with a sort of inevitability . view on willard , lance and chef reacting as they pass through the native on canoe , then look up toward the bask . what they see : the temple . a magnificent fortify encampment build around the ruin of a former cambodian civilization . new angle - full view behind the pbr as it proceeds the scale of this thing be enormous . great enigmatic cambodian face carve out of stone from thousand of year ago . the fortress reach out across the river where part of its ruin still stand on the opposite side nod on a small island . it 's as though the river flow into the great ram of the sphinx - like temple . align the fortification be concertina wire , automatic weapon emplacement . there be even wreckage of huey as armed machine gun nest . it be a strange combination of the very modern and the very primitive . in this installation , we see live family , fire , nomadic dwelling , several hundre of the most primitive motagnard that ever exist . some carry spear , occasionally other emerge from the jungle , scurrying around with the activity that the arrival of a stranger bring . the air be heavy with the weight of hundred of automatic weapon . a think greasy smoke hang from fire that burn and around the fort . Fresh shell crater indicate a recent battle . near the dock , and everywhere else , there be tangle pile of corpse , half - submerge in the water , pile of body of the dead . as the pbr move up , a head suddenly be thrust into view . the head be that of a particularly wild , long-haire , stubble - face man . he have three or four camera body around he neck ; a large bag stuff with lense and film . he be dress in rag and tatter . he shout out . photographer it 's all right ! it 's all right ! it 's be approve ! the pbr move slowly toward the step , as the man continue to shout out . chef I be not come in there ! they bastard attack we ! photographer Zap them with you siren , man . Zap them with you siren . chef blows the siren on the pbr . the native react , never have hear one before ; they scatter in all direction , run away scared . the photographer move down onto the landing , direct the boat . photographer there 's mine over there ! mine over there , too ! and watch out , that goddamn monkey bit you , I tell you . the pbr crew be exhaust , stare at he through they mud-and - blood splatter face . photographer move it in right toward I . he jump onboard the boat and immediately advance towards lance . he shake he hand , move to the other , and shake they hand as well . photographer I be a american . a american civilian . hi , yank . hi. american . american civilian . it 's all right . ( to chef ) and you get the cigarettes , and what 's what I have be dream of . chef flip he a packet of cigarettes . willard ( or photographer ) who be you ? photographer who be you ? I be a photojournalist . I have cover the war since ' 64 . I have be in loas , Cambodia , ' man ... ( look around the boat ) I will tell you one thing . this boat be a mess , man . willard ( gesture to native ) who be all this people ? photographer they think you have come to take he away . I hope that be not true . willard take who away ? photographer ( gesture to temple ) him ! Colonel kurtz ! this be all he child , man , as far as you can see . Hell , man , out here , we be all he child . willard could we talk to Colonel kurtz ? photographer hey , man , you do not talk to the Colonel . well , you listen to he . willard step off the boat onto the step . he turn and look back at the photographer . photographer the man 's enlarge my mind . he 's a poet - warrior in a classic sense . I mean , sometimes he will - well , you say hello to he , right ? and he will just walk right by you and he will not even notice you . and then suddenly he will grab you and he will throw you in a corner and he will say " do you know that the ' if ' be the middle word in ' life ' ? if you can keep you head when all about you be lose theirs and blame it on you . if you can trust yourself when all man doubt you . " I be a little man , I be a little man . he 's a great man . ( a beat ) " I should have be a pair of rag claw scuttling across floor of silent seas . " willard , incredulous , turn away to lance . willard stay with the boat . photographer do not go without I , okay . I want to get a picture . willard and chef start up the step . the photographer walk with they , take photograph . tracking shot they reach the top of the step . gradually the native and savage show themselves - fierce and frightening , jungle fighter , mostly montagnard . they wear only loincloth and bandoleer of ammunition . they body be paint in strange pattern . death and part of body be everywhere . photographer he can be terrible , and he can be mean , and he can be right . he 's fight the war . he 's a great man . I mean , I wish I have word you know ? I wish I have word . I could tell you something like , the other day he want to kill I . willard why do he want to kill you ? they come to a stop . photographer because I take he picture . he say , " if you take my picture again , I be go to kill you . " and he mean it . see , just lay cool , lay cool . Lay back , dig it . they start walk forward again , as the photographer continue . photographer he get friendly again , he really do . but you do not judge the colonel . you do not judge the colonel like ordinary man . angle on willard look carefully as he move forward moving Pov more native and savage . intersperse among they be a few taller man with paler skin , with the remnant of army insignia on they . angle on willard reacting , as he move forward . chef be frighten , as he follow willard . another angle they move closer and closer to the temple . the photographer run up ahead of willard and stop in front of the man with paler skin ... this be remnant of the Green beret " a " team . photographer okay , watch it now ! this be Americans ! Americans ! ( to willard ) you can feel the vibe of this place . let I take a picture . hey , could you hold it ? hello ? could you hold it for a minute ? the photographer start click away with a Nikon , as willard move toward what once must have be a american . he wear only a shotgun cartridge and striker pants . his face be darken from dirt , battle smoke , matte mud and grease . willard stop and look at he . willard colby ? colby be silent . then he and the other beret , woman , child , etc. , slowly part , make way for willard . willard slowly move through the group and look . what he sees the stone step of the temple . resting on the step be freshly screed head , blood wash down from they . they sit decorate the entrance to the temple like so many gruesome pumpkin . photographer the head . you be look at the head . sometimes he go too far , and he 's the first one to admit it . chef , behind willard , look at the head . chef he 's go crazy . photographer wrong ! wrong ! if you could have hear the man just two day ago , if you could have hear he then . God . you be gonna call he crazy ? chef Fucking A. willard I just want to talk to he . photographer well , man , he 's go away . he disappear out in the jungle with he people . he continue forward . the other follow . willard I will wait for he . photographer he feel comfortable with he people . he forget himself with he people . he forget himself . chef Captain , maybe we should wait back at the boat . willard ( turn back to he ) okay , chef , we will go back to the boat for a while . chef yeah . stay with lance . ext . kurtz compound - dusk a stone head with palm ; eave hang over it . ext . pbr - dusk lance be squatting at the bow of the boat hold a spear , stick it into the water , probably try to spear a fish . a group of native be gather by the step of the dock . one of the native climb the tree next to the dock and cut loose a dead body . it fall into the river with a splash . chef sit next to willard in the cabin . chef this colonel guy , he 's wacko , man . he 's worse than crazy , he 's evil ! that 's what the man 's get set up here , man ! it 's fuck pagan idolatry ! look around you ! shit , he 's loco . willard be put on he tiger shirt . willard then you will help I ? chef Fucking a , I will help you . I will do anything to get out of this joint ! we could blow all they asshole away ! camera pan the savage onshore , who have gather around they , watch they . we see a sign write in a wild hand with white spray paint on a wall : " our motto : apocalypse now ! " chef they be so fuck space out , they would not even know it . I be not afraid of all they fuck skull and altar and shit ! I use to think that if I die in a evil place , then my soul would not make it to heaven . but now ... fuck . I do not care where it go , as long as it be not here . so what do you want to do ? I will kill the fuck . willard ( pick up the map ) no , no . I be gonna need you to wait here , chef . I will go up with lance and scrounge around , check the place out , see if I can find the colonel , okay ? chef but what do you want I to do ? damnit . willard pick up a field radio and hand it to chef , chef look at it . willard here , you take the radio , and if I do not get back by 22:00 hour , you call in the air strike . chef stare at he . chef Air strike ? willard the code be " almighty , " coordinate zero-nine-two-six-four-seven-one - two . it 's all in there . he hand the map to chef . ext . kurtz compound - day willard and lance walk through the temple grounds in the rain . willard be gradually surround by more and more native soldier . willard ( v.o. ) everything I see tell I that kurtz have go insane . the place be full of body . North vietnamese , vietcong , cambodian ... if I be still alive , it be because he want I that way . the soldier close in on he , pick he up , and turn he upside down , roll he in the mud . low angle on lance he be slowly walk among pass native . he be oblivious to what be happen to willard . mo . shot - willard be turn in mud by the native . dissolve to : int . kurtz headquarters - day willard , hand tie behind he back , be guide down a long corridor , follow by two montagnard , both armed . willard ( v.o. ) it smell like slow death in there . malaria and nightmare . this be the end of the river , all right . they turn into the main room . the native indicate for willard to kneel down on the floor . the camera move , revealing kurtz lie in shadow on a bed . we will see he only in darkness and shadow throughout the scene . kurtz where you from , willard ? willard I be from Ohio , sir . kurtz be you bear there ? willard yes , sire . kurtz whereabouts ? willard Toledo , sir . kurtz how far be you from the river ? willard the Ohio River , sir ? about two hundred mile . kurtz I go down that river once when I be a kid . there 's a place in the river , I can not remember ... must have be a gardenia plantation , or a flower plantation at one time . it 's all wild and overgrown now . but for about five mile , you would think that heaven just fall on the earth , in the form of gardenias . kurtz reach down and pick up a bowl full of water . he splashes water on he face and head . kurtz have you ever consider , any real freedom ? freedom from the opinion of other . even the opinion of yourself . do they say why , willard ? why they want to terminate my command ? willard I be send on a classified mission , sir . kurtz its no longer classified , be it . what do they tell you ? willard they tell I , that you have go ... totally insane . and that you method be unsound . kurtz be my method unsound ? willard I do not see any method at all , sir . kurtz I expect someone like you . what do you expect ? be you a assassin ? willard I be a soldier . we finally see kurty face . kurtz you be neither . you be a errand boy , send by grocery clerk , to collect a bill . ext . kurtz compound - trail up from river - day the photographer hurry down the trail past villager and soldier toward the compound , and up the hill that lead toward the TIGER cage in front of the monkey Temple . he spot a jug full of water , with a ladle in it . at TIGER cage - to go with photographer the photographer move to willard who be in a tiger cage . willard be in pretty bad shape , weak and thirsty . the photographer stop in front of he . he hold the ladle for willard to drink from . photographer why ? why would a nice guy like you want to kill a genius ? feeling pretty good , huh ? why ? do you know that the man really like you ? he put a cigarette in willard 's mouth . photographer he like you . he really like you . but he 's get something in mind for you . be not you curious about that ? I be curious . I be very curious . be you curious ? the photographer walk around willard 's cage . photographer there 's something happen out here , man . you know something , man ? I know something you that you do not know . that 's right , Jack . the man be clear in he mind , but he soul be mad . oh , yeah . he 's die , I think . he hate all this . he hate it ! but the man 's a ... he read poetry out loud , all right ? and a voice ... he like you ' cause you be still alive . he 's get plan for you . no , I be not gonna help you . you be gonna help he , man . you be gonna help he . I mean , what be they gonna sit when he 's go ? ' Cause he die when it die , when it die , he die ! what be they gonna say about he ? he be a kind man ? he be a wise man ? he have plan ? he have wisdom ? bullshit , man ! be I gonna be the one that 's gonna set they straight ? look at I ! wrong ! ( point to willard ) you ! ext . pbr - rain - day chef be sleep on - deck in the rain , under a tarp . chef ( to himself ) almost eight hour . I be asleep . I be asleep and dream I be on this shitty boat . fuck . have it be eight hour ? he lift the tap off , get up , and go to the cabin . high angle on pbr it be raining chef ( o.s. ) ( into radio ) hello , almighty . almighty . this be pbr Street gang . Radio check , over . male voice ( over radio ) pbr Street gang , this be almighty stand by , over . ext . kurtz compound - night close on kurty boot walk on wet ground . angle on willard in TIGER cage cover with mud , tie up and wet from rain . he slowly look up . kurtz be stand over he . he be dress in the black pajamas of the vietcong . his face be make up in green - and - black camouflage paint . he disappear behind willard , then reappear and drop something into willard 's lap . willard look down and see chef' severe head in he lap . willard scream and struggle to jostle it out of he lap . it finally fall out . close on chef' head in the mud close on willard moan , willard oh , Christ ! dissolve to : int . conex container - day willard be pass out , lie on the floor of a metal conex container . it be hot . some child be peek in at he . the two front door of the container be open . Light flood in . kurtz be stand there with the child . he hold a bunch of magazine article . he sit down on a dirt step , surround by child . he look down at a magazine article and begin to read it to willard . kurtz ( read ) " time magazine . the weekly news magazine . September 22 , 1967 , volume ninety , number twelve . the War on the Horizon . the american people may find it hard to believe that the U.S. be win the war in Vietnam . nevertheless , one of the most exhaustive inquiry into the status of the conflict yet compile , offer considerable evidence that the weight of U.S. power , two and a half year after the bug buildup begin , be beginning to make itself feel . White House official maintain the impact of that strength may bring the enemy to the point where he could simply be unable to continue fight . " ( to willard ) be this familiar ? willard react . kurtz ( read ) " because lyndon Johnson fear that the U.S. public be in no mood to accept its optimistic conclusion , he may never permit the report to be release in full . even so , he be sufficiently impressed with the finding , and sufficiently anxious to make they conclusion know , to permit expert who have be work on it to talk about it in general term . " no date , time Magazine . " Sir Robert Thompson , who lead the victory over the Communists guerrilla in malay , and who be now a rand Corporation consultant , recently return to Vietnam to sound out the situation for President Nixon . he tell the president last week that thing feel much better , and smell much better over there . " he look over at willard . kurtz ( to willard ) how do they smell to you , soldier ? willard do not answer . kurtz rise . the child be laugh and giggle . kurtz drop the magazine article in willard 's lap . kurtz you will be free . you will be under guard . read this at you leisure . do not lose they . do not try to escape , you will be shot . we can talk of this thing later . kurtz turn and exit , close one of the door , leave the other open . willard watch he go . the child stay , look at he , laugh and giggle . willard slowly and painfully pull himself to he foot . he stand there a moment look at the child , then collapse to the floor . dissolve to : ext . kurtz compound - high angle - day the river and temple . dissolve to : int . kurtz compound - day a unconscious willard be be carry by some native soldier . they lay he gently on the floor of the temple . ladle water into he mouth , try to feed he rice . he turn he head . what he sees kurtz , in the shadow . dissolve to : willard , he delirium native eating BOWL of rice in corridor dissolve to : kurtz catch a fly dissolve to : stone statue kurtz ( read ) " we be the hollow man and the stuff man together fill with straw . alas dry voice , when whisper together quiet and meaningless wind in dry rat ' foot over break glass we dry cellar . " dissolve to : willard and the photographer in kurtz 's chamber . willard be lie on a bed of sandbag . the photographer be next to he . they be both listen to kurtz read the poem . photographer he 's really out there . angle on kurtz seat on a small chest next to he bed . he be read from a small book . it be " the hollow man " by t.s. eliot . kurtz ( read ) " shape without form , shade without color , force , gesture without motion ; " photographer do you know what the man 's say ? do you ? kurtz ( read ) " that who have cross direct eye ... " photographer this be dialectic . it 's very simple dialectic . it 's one through nine , no maybe , no suppose , no fraction . you can not travel in space . you can not go out into space , without like , you know , with fraction . what be you gonna land on ? one quarter ? Three - eighths ? what be you gonna do when you go from here to venus ? that 's dialectic physics , okay ? dialectic logic be , there 's only love and hate . you either love somebody , or you hate they . kurtz throw a bunch of bananas at the photographer . kurtz mutt ! you mutt ! photographer this be the way the fuck world life . look at this fuck shit we be in , man ! not with a bang , whimper . and with a whimper I be fuck split , Jack . photographer rise and exit down the corridor leave willard alone . kurtz look at he . dissolve to : int . kurtz quarter - day willard be at a table contain kurtz 's belonging . he look at he uniform , military decoration , photograph of kurtz 's family , a bible , and other book lie on the table . willard ( v.o. ) on the river , I think that the minute I look at he , I would know what to do . but it do not happen . I be in there with he for day . not under guard . I be free . but he know I be not go anywhere . he know more about what I be go to do at I do . if the general back in Nah trang could see what I see , would they still want I to kill he ? more than ever , probably . and what would he people back home want , if they ever learn just how far from they he would really go . he break from they , and then he break from himself . I would never see a man so break up and rip apart . angle on doorway kurtz enter in the darkness . kurtz I have seem horror . horror that you have see . but you have no right to call I a murderer . you have a right to kill I . you have a right to do that . but you have no right to judge I . close - up on kurtz eat a piece of fruit . kurtz it 's impossible for word to describe what be necessary to that who do not know what horror mean . horror . horror have a face . and you must make a friend of horror . horror and moral terror be you friend . if they be not , then they be enemy to be fear . they be truly enemy . another angle colby be stand in the rear doorway of the main temple , go through a tai chi routine . willard sit in front of he , look at kurtz , listen to he as he talk from the bed . a native woman be there , listen as well . kurtz I remember when I be with special force . seem a thousand century ago . we go into a camp to inoculate some child . we would leave the camp after we have inoculate the child for polio . and this old man come run after we , and he be cry . he could not say . we go back there , and they have come and hack off every inoculate arm . they they be , in a pile . a pile of little arm . and , I remember , I cry , I wept like some grandmother . I want to tear my tooth out . I do not know what I want to do . and I want to remember it . I never want to forget it . I never want to forget it . and then I realize , like I be shot , like I be shot with a diamond bullet through my forehead . and I think , my God , the genius of that ! the genius . the will to do that . perfect , genuine , complete , crystalline , pure . and then I realize , they be stronger than we . because they could stand it . this be not monster . this be man , strain cadre . this man who fight with they heart , who have family , who have child , who be fill with love ... that they have the strength , the strength to do that . if I have ten division of that man , then we trouble here would be over very quickly . you have to have man who be moral , and at the same time , who be able to utilize they primordial instinct to kill without feel , without passion . without judgment . without judgment . because it 's judgment that defeat we . close on willard he slowly raise he hand and examine it . kurtz I worry that my son might not understand what I have try to be . and if I be to be kill , willard , I would want someone to go to my home and tell my son everything ... dissolve to : angle on kurtz stand in the doorway of the temple . we see a water BUFFALO in the foreground , walk down the step . ext . temple - ceremonial ground - night native be conduct a ceremony . they be dance and sing around the water BUFFALO . a priest be chant . kurtz ( v.o. ) everything I do . everything you see . because there 's nothing I detest more than the stench of lie . and if you understand I , willard , you will do this for I . lance be sit with the native , paint and dress like one of they . a line of native with spear dance toward the water buffalo . other be sit and sing in the background . ext . the pbr - night it have be desert except for monkey crawl on it . male voice ( over radio ) pbr Street gang , this be almighty stand by , over . pbr Street gang , this be almighty stand by . how do you copy ? close on willard on the boat , lie on he back . he roll over . willard ( v.o. ) they be gonna make I a major for this , and I be not even in they fuck army anymore . everybody want I to do it . him most of all . I feel like he be up there , wait for I to take he pain away . he just want to go out like a soldier . he get up and emerge out of darkness . willard ( v.o. ) stand up . not even like some poor , waste rag-ass renegade . even the jungle want he dead . and that 's who he really who he take he order from , anyway . ext . temple - night angle on lance smear the water buffalo with blood that he pour from a pitcher along its neck , in preparation for the ceremony . mist over water a small bubble rise to the surface , then another . suddenly but quietly , water ad mud pour off revealing willard , emerge slowly , head first , as if he be grow out of the water . water BUFFALO its head be tie to a stake . kurtz silhouett in the doorway of the temple . he enter the temple . willard sit crouch hold a machete as native dance in the background . he rise slowly and then run off . int . inside the temple - night willard work he way toward the interior of the temple . he appear behind a guard , pout he hand over the warrior mouth , bring up the machete , and pull he back into the dark shadow . intercut the following action with water BUFFALO ceremony kurtz be sit and talk into a tape recorder . willard slowly move forward , quietly sneaking toward kurtz as he speak . kurtz ( ) we train young man to drop fire on people , but they commander will not allow they to write " fuck " on they airplane because it 's obscene . willard step behind kurtz , raise the machete . kurtz turn . willard bring the knife down and start hack away at kurtz , hit he first on the shoulder , then all over . native simultaneously slashing a knife into the back of the water buffalo . kurtz Falls to the floor . water BUFFALO falling to the ground as native swing knife into its back . willard stare at kurtz . close on kurtz lying on the ground . kurtz the horror .... the horror . he die . close on willard hand on he face , reacting to what he 's do . dissolve to : native and lance around dead water buffalo , carve it up . dissolve to : willard stand at the temple entrance . he look at the native outside . he walk over to kurtz 's desk . flip through kurtz 's manuscript and stop . we see handwrite on the page : " Drop the bomb , exterminate they all . " ext . front of temple - night the native be all gather in front of the temple , look at willard as he move forward hold the machete and kurtz 's book . the entire village be there , about a thousand native in all . they realize that willard be now they leader and pay homage to he by kneel or sit down . willard slowly walk down the step , throw down the machete . the native rise and throw down they weapon in imitation as he walk through they . he move to lance , who be in the midst of all the native . willard look at he , then take he by the hand and pull he away with he through the rest of the native . dissolve to : ext . pbr - rain - night the pbr pull way from the shore . willard be at the helm of the boat . lance be squatting by the spotlight . male voice ( over radio ) Calling pbr Street gang. pbr Street gang , this be almighty . do you read I ? over. pbr Street gang , this be almighty . willard turn off the radio . the pbr move along the river , away from the flame shoreline . close on willard kurtz ( o.s. ) the horror ... the horror . dissolve to : the great stone face of the temple fade out : the end