ryan hansen solve crime on television * '' Jane d'oh ! " written by rawson Marshall thurber episode # 102 February lst , 2017 * though you be probably watch this on steal chinese internet and that 's cool too . ext . runyon canyon - day ryan hansen , shirtless and lightly perspire ( never sweat ) , huff and puff he way up this iconic " hike " trail in the Hollywood hill , all the while talk directly into he iphone 's periscope app . ryan what -what ! we get straight up pick up , ya will ! pilot-to-series , suckas ! YouTube Red in da hiz-ouse ! brace yourselves for five -- count ‘em -- five more eps of this bad boy right in you pie whole ! wah -doosh ! on screen we see a run commentary from igs live watcher : who be you ? -- # weirdaf -- do not say hiz-ouse . ryan ( cont would ) ytr guy say there be a " less than normal " viewership loss from this crazy viral twerk grandma video that they link we to . less than normal ! his word , not mine . crush iiiit ! ( beat ) BT -dub , I just want to thank my co - star , the honorable detective jessica mather -- she make I better in every scene . you know chemistry be a two way street . and some time there be stop light and some time there be unprotect leave hand turn -- but you just keep go . because ... traffic , right ? ( faux reflective ) but I be not gonna let this show go to my head . it 's all about find my center . stay ground . stay mindful . that 's why I be out here reconnect with nature . Ryan pan he camera to show a literal parade of shirtless men and half - naked women with insane body all walk up runyon , take selfies and shoot video as they " hike " . ryan ( cont would ) it 's so real up here away from the hustle and bustle of the " LA scene " . behind Ryan , a vampy girl in crazy skimpy booty short , hold she phone down below she ass then bring it up to she face where she smile and give a peace sign while hold a package of " flat tummy tea " she 's hawk . ryan ( cont would ) awesome tea . tote work . at the top of runyon , Ryan pan the hazy skyline , landing back on himself ... ryan ( cont would ) honestly though you guy , I do not know how the writer be gonna improve on the pilot . such a barn burner . I mean , seriously -- how do you top open on a dead body ? hard CUT to : two dead body lie on the live room floor . we be ... int . hollywood apartment - day Ryan , sport a very strange 18th century army officer's uniform , kneel into frame . ryan two dead body . Ryan pull a pair of sunglass from he coat , inexplicably put they on for " dramatic effect " . the crime scene have be tape off . a couple of beat cop stand watch as a photographer snap picture and coroner prepare two gurney . mather ( 0.s. ) what the fuck be you wear ? Ryan spin to see jessica mather snap on a pair of rubber glove . ryan I have get a audition later . mather be it to be a talk hand - job ? because you be nail it . ryan no . it 's for Hamilton , the musical ? mather do they serve dinner during it ? mather push past Ryan to take in the dead body on the floor . ryan haw-haw . no -- it 's for the movie version . they be do like a action re-imagine of it without the song -- I be go in for Aaron burr who 's like the co-lead . he be play by a black guy in the original , but he be originally originally a white guy , so like , I be kinda right for it ? but not ina racist way or anything . more like return to the source material or whatever . mather look at I . look at my eye . I literally do not give a fuck . Ryan laugh it off . ryan hilarious . great delivery . anyhow , I binge - watch that milk commercial like a million time to get inside he head as a character . do a deep dive on this one . Pete berg be direct . I hear all the actor be gonna go through navy seal training for it . so cool , right ? if I get it , it could like totally change my career . I be just wear this period plumage to fully immerse myself in the role . streep say 80 % of act be wardrobe . mather unfortunately , the other 20 % be you . ( beat ) now if you would not mind shutting the fuck up so I can do my job . ryan we job . for five more episode . guaranteed . partner . 4. Ryan smile smugly . mather sigh , but turn she attention back to the body and we get we first good look at they : late twenty , man and woman , both dress like they be go to a Renaissance Fair except , bizarrely , the man 's wear the dress and the woman 's wear the pants and puffy shirt ( seinfeld™ ) . the man have a knife , bury to the hilt , stick out of he chest and the woman 's face be nearly purple , a small vial rest inch from she lifeless finger . mather look to the beat cop stand nearby ... mather you first on ? beat cop yeah . ( to Ryan ) hey , ry. ryan hey , Frank . what 's good ? beat cop same old . they laugh like old pal . mather be confuse . mather you know he ? ryan who ? Frank ? course I do . everyone know the franken-ator . frankenstein ! Ryan and Frank do a fun fist bump thing . mather do not like it one bit . beat cop you still owe I twenty buck , hansen . ryan no way ! you do not eat the whole thing -- that be the bet ! they yuck it up a bit . clearly , Ryan 's a people person and mather be deeply annoyed by that . mather hey -- sorry to interrupt international grab-ass hour , but you two mind knock it the fuck off ? total killjoy . Frank and Ryan straighten up . beat cop sorry , detective . mather run it for I . beat cop happen last night . no sign of force entry . nothing miss from the house as far as we can tell . no witness . neighbor find he this morning . pretty thin . mather we get name ? beat cop John Smith and Jane dough . mather you have not id would they yet ? beat cop no , that be they real name . mather God I hate this town . ( beat ) this he place ? beat cop yeah . she life off of melrose . mather do we know what 's in the vial ? beat cop not yet . Lab boy be run it now . Ryan nod , fake like he 's give this a lot of think . ryan what 's you read on this one ? mather well ... they be dead . ryan yeah . same . same. ( beat ) what do you make of they outfit ? mather maybe they find out they be audition for the same role as you and they kill themselves out of shame . ryan no chance . this be not work actor . I would know . mather shake she head . mather okay , Little Lord fauntleroy , what you be look at here be you garden variety murder -suicide , with a sprinkle of " Los Angeles normal " cross-dressing throw in for funsy . Quick version : yada - yada motivation , she stab he ... CUT to : 3 . a CSI - style grainy flashback -- we watch as Jane stab John in the chest , then slug back the vial , instantly froth and clutching she throat . mather ( v.o. ) ... then toss back whatever hemlock - light be in that vial there to off herself . no force entry , he blood literally on she hand . add up pretty clean . back to : mather but that 's what bother I about it . it 's too clean . Ryan nearly jump out of he blouse - pants . ryan oh dude ! that be sick ! great line . total trailer moment ! ( more ) ryan ( cont would ) ( mimick she ) " it 's too clean . " so good . can I give you a note though ? I think you could carve it out a little more if you add some space work to it . check it . Ryan squat by the body , put he sunglass back on . he rise , take they off as he stare into the distance ... ryan ( cont would ) that 's what bother I about it : it 's too clean . ( break ) see ? better right ? I think you should maybe consider add a toothpick or a match to you mouth . like something you be always chew on ? could be you " thing " , plus you know , mouth prop . mather you be a mouth prop . ( move off ) come on . ryan where be we go ? mather Jane dough 's place to see if we can get some answer . mather exit . Ryan call after she , follow ... ryan ooh ! or a red coffee straw ! like you be try to quit caffeine , but we never come out and say it -- it 's like a mystery ! baller backstory ! int . mather ' car - day mather drive , Ryan ride shotgun . he tug at he collar , sweat . mather why do not you take that thing off . it 's like 100 degree out . ryan Art be suffer . mather especially when you do it . ryan make fun , but I be gonna nail this audition tonight . mather you audition be tonight ? ryan 9 pm . mather they hold audition that late ? ryan it 's kind of a after-hour thing . the assistant associate casting director ask I to come in after they be close . I guess she do not want I to intimidate the other actor . she 's even keep it off the book . very hush hush . mather so ... it 's a secret audition ? ryan exactly . I be pretty much like the Zero Dark thirty of audition -- swoop in at night , kill Osama -- in this case Osama would be the audition , not like a real person -- and get out . ( beat ) so we better solve this case before 9 pm tonight , or you be on you own . cuz nothing be keep I from landing this one . ( into phone ) Siri , set a alarm for 9 pm tonight , the moment my life will change forever . siri true change come from within . Ryan scratch he neck ... ryan seriously though , I think I might be like legit allergic to wool . be this neck blister ? ext . duplex - day a modest duplex off of melrose . mather and Ryan the front door . ryan so what do we know about this place ? mather we know she live here . ryan ah. good. strong clue . mather just shut up and let I do the talk . mather knock on the door . they wait . ryan hey -- you think I should have a badge ? mather no. ryan really ? mather yes . mather knock again , louder . ryan why ? mather because you be a moron and it would be illegal . but mostly the first part . ryan how be I suppose to give a authentic performance if you guy will not let I have a gun or a badge ? approach 10 . mather I guess you will just have to rely on the suspension of disbelief . ryan huh ? mather stay here . I be gonna take a look around back . ryan what do I do if someone come to the door ? mather ask ‘em if they want to buy musket insurance . ryan ( 90 % sure ) ha -- that 's not a real thing . with that , mather move off around back leave Ryan solo on the doorstep . unable to be alone with he thought for more than three second , Ryan pull out he phone . he fuck around with some snapchat face apps : waggy - tongue dog , squeaky - voice deer , cry baby . totally normal . suddenly , out of the corner of he eye , Ryan spot movement inside the apartment . he cup he hand to the front window and see a hoodied killer clutching a knife , slinking through the empty apartment . Ryan 's eye go wide . ryan ( cont would ) whaaaa ? suddenly , the bathroom door open and out step a stun six - foot blonde wrap in a towel have just get out of the shower . she put in she ear bud and move off , unwitting . the killer close in on she . Ryan whisper-scream for mather ... ryan ( cont would ) mather ! mather ! 11 . nothing . no answer . the clock be tick . no time to lose , Ryan break into action ! Ryan kick the door and fall backwards eat shit into some adjacent shrubbery . he pop up and throw he shoulder into it . once , twice , thrice -- boom -- the door open and in rush we hero . int . duplex - continuous we be hand -held behind the killer as he approach the girl 's back . she unwrap she towel . the killer raise he knife ... ... when suddenly ryan dive at he through a side door , yell a warrior 's cry ... ryan clooooooney ! ... and tackle the would - be assailant to the ground -- thud ! the girl scream -- spin to see Ryan stand on top of the intruder , clutching the knife . blonde what the fuck man !? who be you ?! ryan I be Ryan hansen . blonde who ? ryan the nickelodeon slime - time nominate actor ? I just totally save you life . blonde save my life ? from who ? ryan from like the killer . duh . on cue , the killer groan ... killer ow ! I think you break my arm , asshole ! 12 . Ryan look down and spot the killer who pull off he authentic " scream " mask a gopro strapped to he forehead . blonde that 's my scene partner , douche . we be rehearse ! just then , mather rush in , gun draw . blonde ( cont would ) whoa -- what the hell ?! mather take in the situation , put it together quickly . her shoulder slump . she sigh ... mather dingbat -- what the fuck do you do ? Ryan look down at the killer ... ryan my bad , dawg . match CUT to : ryan's face on screen . we be watch the gopro footage . it freeze . we be ... int . precinct / captain jackson' office - day ... where we meet we new captain , sharon jackson . [ reader 's note : the precinct be shot in the same faux docu - style aesthetic as the office . ] Lady Captain Jackson rewind the tape in disbelief ... captain jackson do you really yell " clooney " before attack ? mather and Ryan sit in chair , hang dog . ryan George clooney be my spirit animal . captain jackson well , you spirit animal be about to get the city in a serious god damn lawsuit . that spielberg scorsese you assault be threaten to sue . 13 . mather Captain , it be a honest mist -- captain jackson nope. detective . you do not get to talk . you be on thin enough ice as it be . ryan honestly , none of this would have happen if I have a badge . captain jackson you want a badge ? become a real cop and stop dress like you be in the nutcracker . ryan this be for my Hamilton audition . it 's period authentic . captain jackson well , I be period authentic piss off . ryan more genre authentic , but I totally honor that feel . and before we dialogue further on this , can I just say I think it 's such a cool cosmic coincidence that the old Captain Jackson and you share the same last name . be you guy related ? captain jackson why ? because we be both black ? ryan ( stunne ) you be black ? I honestly do not notice . I do not see color -- just people . and auras . ( to mather ) do you know she 's black ? crazy , right ? mather look like she 's about to die . mather Captain -- I let he out of my sight for two second , it be a mistake and it will not happen again . ( more ) 14 . mather ( cont would ) we have get a good lead on the case and we will close it . I promise . captain jackson yeah -- you better close it . and quickly or vanilla Ice here will not be the only one in this room without a badge . ( beat ) now get the hell out of my office . mather and Ryan slink out . Ryan whisper ... ryan fyi , I think she mean you on the badge thing . mather shoot he a murderous glare . int . precinct / interview room - day parker starr , formerly the blonde in the towel , sit opposite Ryan and mather ... parker starr what do you mean she 's dead ? mather well I guess I mean it literally . parker starr I do not understand , I just see Jane yesterday . she be spend the night at John 's -- they be gonna rehearse for the showcase tonight . ryan showcase ? parker starr yeah -- it 's where a bunch of actor do scene from other play and movie for casting director . ryan I know what a showcase be . I be a actor . parker starr you keep say that . would I have see you on anything ? 15 . ryan this . this show that you be literally on right now . parker starr this be a show ? who 's it for ? ryan YouTube Red . parker starr never hear of ‘em . ryan no one have . that 's the point . my partner and I here be gonna put they on the map . Big time . kabloom . Emmy . kabloom Golden Globe . kabloom other tv award I can not think of right now . like a sag or something . parker starr whatever . ryan yeah -- whatever to you . mather step in ... mather okay lady , calm down -- can we just focus here . you say she be prepare for a performance ? parker starr yeah -- they be do the death scene from baz lurhmann 's Romeo & juliet . ryan that explain the outfit . and they flip gender role to keep it fresh . clever . make perfect sense . mather none of this make sense . first of all Romeo & juliet be write by William Shakespeare . ryan technically maybe , but baz 's be like way better than the original . kinda like Ocean 's eleven . ( more ) 16 . ryan ( cont would ) pre-titanic leo. Post - catalano , pre- homeland dane . so good . plus , not to make this a history lesson or anything , but that roland emmerich movie totally disprove that Shakespeare even ever exist . so ... mather clenches she jaw , try to ward off a conniption . mather never mind . ( to parker ) please , continue . parker starr well , they be stress out about it . I know because we all be . I be in the class too . Jared and I be rehearse we scene from scream before Mr. hero here " save the day " and break Jared 's arm . ryan allegedly . fyi -- I be not really approach my role as a " hero " per se , but more of a troubled protagonist . parker starr that 's such a obvious choice . look , all I be say be tonight 's gonna be huge . some big time agent ' assistant be gonna be in the crowd . ryan ( intrigue ) really ? like who ? mather ( cut in ) what 's the class call ? parker starr it 's alfonso diaphano 's exotic scene study and review . mather alfonso diaphano ? that 's a actual human be 's name ? ryan he 's only like one of the best act teacher east of the 405 . ( more ) 17 . ryan ( cont would ) he be Taylor lautner 's on - set coach for like all of the twilight movie . he teach at this old school place downtown . his class be impossible to get in to . ( to parker ) you must be good . parker starr better than you . ryan ( aside to mather ) I do not like she . I think she do it . mather relax . ( to parker ) well , it look for all the world like you roommate , Jane , stab she act partner in the chest and then swallow some poison to off herself in the process . quite the little scene stealer , would not you say ? parker starr that do not make any sense . ( beat ) why would she kill John on the same day he propose ? Ryan and mather share a dumbfounded look . int . precinct / bullpen - continuous Ryan and mather exit the interview room and walk toward we through the bullpen as we track with they . Ryan check he phone ... ryan she be not lie . look , Jane update she Facebook page that morning . jane dough 's Facebook page : a picture of a modest engagement ring on she hand with the tagline : he ask !!! # happywife . ryan ( cont would ) I do not see a engagement ring on she finger . 10 18 . mather that 's because there be not one . mather mind race . they keep walk . we keep tracking . mather ( cont would ) still do not explain why he blood be on she hand . ( beat ) we be gonna need some answer . ryan totally . Ryan 's smirk . mather what ? ryan we just do we first walk and talk together . mather huh ? ryan this whole thing be just a walk & talk one -er . it 's like a way to make boring plot stuff less boring for the audience . they do it all the time on the West wing ( so good right ? ) . see how we just go in like a big circle but nothing really happen -- whack -- Ryan walk ball - first into a banister beam , double over and drop . mather do not break stride . mather that just do . int . precinct / medical examiner room - day 10 the two dead body lie on stainless steel slab as Ryan and mather get the lowdown from priya das ( 30 ) a sober indian - american Medical examiner . she pull down she exam mask , revealing a strikingly beautiful face . priya das we get the lab result back a hour go . 19 . Ryan be stunne ... ryan whoa -- time out -- you be crazy hot . priya das Excuse I ? ryan no , I mean that in a good way . plus , you face be like totally diverse . priya das what the hell do that mean ? ryan I be just say you could play a doctor on tv or something . priya das I be a doctor in real life . ryan yeah -- but you could be one on tv . priya das why would I want to do that ? Ryan be utterly flummox by that response . ryan huh ? mather I be gonna step in here . what do the lab tell you ? priya das she drank a concentrate form of a chemical compound naoh . ryan sodium hydroxide . ( off mather look ) I play a " cool " chemistry teacher for a three ep arc on heart of Dixie season five . no biggie . priya das he 's right . sodium hydroxide be the active ingredient in drano . highly corrosive . she basically chugge acid . 20 . mather Ugly way to go . what about the blood on she hand ? priya das we test it and it be not he and it 's not hers either . ryan oh shit -- be it alien blood ? mather ignore he . I do not follow . you be say there be a third party ? medical examiner no . I be say it 's not anyone 's blood . because it 's not blood at all . ryan it 's stage blood . priya das corn syrup and red food coloring . to prove she point , priya run she glove finger along the " blood " on Jane , lick it . Ryan gag . priya das ( cont would ) you partner 's correct . mather we be not partner . he 's a sanction civilian observer . ryan I be get a badge . mather no he 's not . ryan it 's be discuss . mather ( to priya ) I do not understand , why would she bother with stage blood if she be gonna stab he anyway ? priya pick up a evidence bag hold the knife . mather just 21. priya das this be a prop knife . the blade be suppose to retract on impact , but someone block the mechanism inside of it , lock it in place . mather so this be not a murder-suicide . ryan this be a murder - murder sitch . stare at Ryan . mather seriously ? what 's wrong with you ? ryan what ? I be sorry I do not know the fancy term , okay ? it 's only the second episode . we need a technical adviser on this show . mather I swear to god I be not gonna make it . look , streisand , this mean there 's a killer out there and we have gotta find he . ryan ( proudly correct ) or she . it could be a she -- woman can be murderer too . they be just as good at kill as man be . Equality , you know ? I be with she . Ryan shoot the camera a little " you be welcome " glance . mather let 's go . ryan where to ? mather whoever fix the prop knife also clearly replace the fake poison in she vial with the real stuff . and whoever do that , have to know that they be do that particular scene for the showcase -- which mean the killer be in that stupid act class . 22 . ryan whoa -- that be awesome . you be like the first half of a beautiful mind . mather come on , we do not have a lot of time . ryan one sec ... Ryan turn to priya ... ryan ( cont would ) hey Doc bollywood , I have get some light smile line come in here and here . can you just hit ‘em real quick before we go . priya das be you ask I for botox ? ryan just a quick poke - er-roo with the ol ' freeze juice and we will be on we way . we be gonna be on the confessional couch later and that lens can be like super unforgive . mather be you fuck serious right now ? ryan oh and she could use it too . like a lot . like pretty much everywhere . hose she down . ( stage whisper ) she 's from Cleveland . priya das Gross . ryan right ? 11 ext . downtown LA black BOX theater - day will establish . I have nothing else to say about this . 12 23. int . downtown LA black BOX theater - day 12 mather and Ryan talk with a scarf - wear alfonso diaphano ( 60 ) who flutter about the space get thing ready for the big show tonight . actor rehearse in the background . mather Mr. diaphano , thanks for the time , be there anyone in the showcase tonight that might have have a reason to dislike Jane or John ? alfonso diaphano darling -- try everyone . Jane and John be far and away the best actor in the class and tonight they would have show it by blow all the other performer off the stage . I bet half of they be secretly thrilled that two will not be go on tonight . the spotlight , after all , be only so big . ryan so true . so true . alfonso diaphano do I know you from something ? ryan probably . I be Ryan hansen . alfonso diaphano ( long beat ) nope . alfonso move on , mather and Ryan follow . mather I be sorry , you be tell I a actor would kill another actor just for a chance to get notice ? alfonso look to Ryan confuse . he explain ... ryan she 's from Cleveland . alfonso make a face like he catch a whiff of something . mather I know , I know -- " gross " . 24 . suddenly , alfonso get a text message . he check it . alfonso diaphano I be sorry . I must go . ashton have a on - set scene emergency . they want he to keep he shirt on . the fool . ( beat ) good luck find the " killer " -- so dramatic ! with that , alfonso sashays off . Ryan turn to mather . ryan look -- there 's only one way to solve this crime and catch the killer . you think what I be think ? mather I can promise you I be not . ryan ( jazz hand ) it 's a ... 13 . int . well - lit sofa - day 13 ryan ... showcase showdown ! on the modern family - style confessional couch , Ryan and mather address the camera directly . ryan ( cont would ) we be go undercover at tonight 's to do . we find that engagement ring , we find the killer . right , partner ? mather we be not partner . ryan you be right . we be not partner . we be more important than that to each other now . we be scene partner . mather this be go to be unbearable . 14 15 25 . ryan ( excited ) I know , right ? and I have the perfect scene for we to do together . int . downtown LA black BOX theater / stage - night 14 a half -full audience watch Ryan and mather , both soaking wet and dress like mcadam & gosl from the notebook , stand center stage . a makeshift " rain machine " offer up a two - foot wide deluge directly over Ryan . mather give the stiffest read imaginable , check she palm for cribbe line as she go . mather why do not you write I ? why ? it be not over for I . I wait for you for seven year . and now it be too late . Ryan chew the scenery ... ryan I write you 365 letter . I write you every day for a year . mather miss she cue . Ryan prompt she . she reluctantly oblige ... mather you write I ? ryan yes . it be not over . it still be not over . Ryan go to pull mather in for the big movie star kiss moment but she quickly pivot and hip -toss Ryan to the stage in a slick judu move . Ryan writhes . mather bow and give a genuine smile , pleased with herself . a confuse crowd applaud lightly . int . downtown LA theater / backstage - moment later 15 Ryan and mather come off stage . Ryan be hot ... ryan what the hell be that ? 26 . mather I be sorry okay ? it be a reaction . I think you be attack I . ryan attack you ?! with my mouth ? mather how be I suppose to know -- I have never see the movie , okay ? ryan ( horrify ) you have never see the notebook ??? mather I do not like movie . I find they hard to believe . ryan I can not even with you . Ryan move to a wall of headshot and start pull they down , one after the other . mather what the hell be you do ? ryan we job . this be all the head shot for the actor in the showcase tonight . on the back be they resume . at the bottom of every act resume be a little section call , " special skill " which no one ever read . except I , right now , because whoever we killer be ... mather ...- have to have a background in chemistry . ryan I be gonna say probably study meisner . but that could work too . mather start pull off head shot too . they scan they toss they aside as they go . Ryan shake he head ... ryan ( cont would ) seriously -- rollerblade count ? 27 . mather hello there . guess who minore in organic chemistry at baylor ? mather turn she phone to show Ryan ... ryan told ya ... hard CUT to : parker starr , wrap in a robe , put on make - up in a backstage mirror . ryan ( 0.s. ) .++. woman can be killer too . reveal Ryan and mather in the mirror . parker spin . mather not a lot of six - foot blond know how to synthesize sodium hydroxide from liquid plumber . ryan and only one person in alfonso 's class do . mather you be under arrest , gigantor . ryan honestly -- this all feel a little straight forward to I . I be hope for more of a twist end . on cue , a gun slide into frame point right at the back of Ryan 's head . jare ( 0.s. ) how 's this for a twist ? reveal : jare , parker 's scene partner from the gopro shoot . ryan more of a reveal , but I will take it . Jared , sport a cast on he break arm , shove Ryan and mather deeper back stage , away from everyone , as parker join he side smile smugly . 28 . parker starr there be no way we be go to let that two steal the show tonight . I be the one who get Jane into this class in the first place . mather so you kill you friend just for a performance ? parker starr she be not my friend , she be my competition . but that 's not why I kill she . parker pull on she necklace , revealing Jane 's engagement ring . parker starr ( cont would ) I kill she because I be in love with she . and if I could not have she , no one could . ryan oh shit -- lesbian stuff . this be so HBO , I love it . plus it really connect with we lgbtq demo . mather oh I get it . you be not " actor crazy " you be just crazy - crazy . what 's you plan , sweetheart ? kill we both ? make it look like another murder-suicide ? parker starr why not ? after the performance you two give , anyone would believe you leave the stage and immediately kill yourselves . ryan how dare you . Ryan lunge forward -- mather step in front of he , hold he back . just then , a chubby dude dress like uma thurman from kill Bill step in ... kill bill dude parker , you guy be up next -- whoa . 16 29 . he stop short at the sight . parker and Jared be momentarily distract . mather take advantage -- knock the gun from Jared 's hand . instantly , it 's chaos -- Ryan grab for parker who slip out of he grasp leave he with a handful of terry cloth robe , revealing herself to only be wear skimpy black lace undy and heel . distract to say the least . mather pull she gun but be flatten by the kill Bill dude who Jared shove at she , snatching up he own gun and run toward the stage . parker take off in the opposite direction , grab the kill Bill dude 's katana sword as she go -- slamm through a door that 's mark roof access . Ryan and mather pop up together ... ryan you go after he , I will handle she . mather roll she eye : typical . ryan ( cont would ) what ? she 's the one without a gun . mather just go ! the partner split up . int . downtown LA black BOX theater / stage - moment later 16 Jared come rush out on stage interrupt a very emotional scene from fast and furious ( apparently dominic torretto life he life a quarter of a mile at a time ) . Jared leap from the stage and hurry down the center aisle just as mather appear from behind the curtain . mather freeze ! lapd ! bang !-bang ! Jared fire a couple of pot-shot before exite through a side door . mather dive out of the way . the actor be confuse , but crowd love it , pull out they phone ; filming and pose for " peace sign " selfies as the action unfold behind they . 17 18 30 . mather shake she head in disgust as she sprint past this Los Angeles idiot ... mather ( cont would ) someone call 911 ! she pound through the side door in hot pursuit . ext . downtown LA black BOX theater / rooftop - night 17 Ryan push through the access door onto the roof . steam vent and the downtown skyline give the whole thing a lush LA noire vibe . Ryan scan the rooftop , no sign of parker . he pivot back and suddenly duck , barely avoid decapitation from the leggy blonde 's home run swing -- thwack ! steam shoot out of a freshly severe pipe as a wild - eye parker step into she light ... parker starr you think I be a guest star on you show ?! wrong ! you be just a day player on mine ! she attack , unleash a flurry of swing as Ryan scramble back narrowly dodging each one . it 's a odd , albeit kinda sexy , sight as a six foot model in five inch heel , swing a four foot sword in she underwear . ryan ( ducking ) do not you think this be a little gratuitous ? ( ducking ) I mean , I can not really tell if this be super misogynistic or like a female empowerment thing ? can you ? another swing spark off of stone as Ryan jump out of the way . ext . downtown LA black BOX theater / alley - night 18 Jared hustle toward we just as mather pop into the alley from the side door . he fire at she . she dive for cover . 19 31 . he 's get she pin , but mather spot something . she fire two precise shot -- clipping a FIRE escape ladder just above Jared 's head . the heavy iron ladder come down like a guillotine , clonking Jared on the head . out cold . mather rush up to he , kick he gun away and cuffing he to the ladder . then she hear a girl shriek . she look up to see Ryan stand on the ledge of the roof , he back to she . mather shit . she take off run . ext . downtown LA black BOX theater / rooftop - night 19 his Jordan 6's on the edge of the cope , Ryan 's out of real estate . parker smile ... parker starr any last word ? ( beat ) wait -- I be sorry , feature extras be not allow to speak . she raise she sword when suddenly ... ryan wait ! wait -- okay ?! something in Ryan 's tone give parker pause . go be he glib charm , this be now something real for he ... ryan ( cont would ) I get it . I know why you kill she . I know what it 's like to love something that do not love you back . ( beat ) I have be a work actor for over a decade , but most people confuse I with Ryan phillippe . and I have finally , after all this year , get my own show and it 's not even on television . it 's on a website that most people think they jerk off to . ( beat ) I know you pain , parker . I be the same as you . we all hurt . move by he word , all the fire go out of parker , she lower she sword ... 32 . parker starr thank you . ryan no , thank you . ( beat ) can I just ask you one thing ? parker starr sure . what ? ryan who 's you favorite batman ? huh ? parker do not follow . then we hear the cry ... mather ( 0.s. ) clooooney ! parker spin just in time to take a crisp right cross to the jaw from mather -- clunk . the spindly blonde go down in a heap of knee and elbow , one punch knock out . Ryan look to mather ... ryan take you long enough . mather I do not want to interrupt you monologue . mather cuff parker , help she to she wobbly foot . ryan case close . cue the siren . indeed , the sound of police siren . parker scowl at Ryan ... parker starr you trick I ! ryan ( big smile ) it 's call act , bitch . look it up . mather drag she off . Ryan watch smugly , then ... siri you Hamilton audition start now . 20 33. Ryan curse , he can not believe he forget . devastate . ext . downtown LA black BOX theater - night 20 flash light and a lovely little crane shot let we know that we have reach the aftermath . parker and Jared be shove into the back of a wait squad car as mather and Ryan walk toward we ... mather I be sorry you miss you big audition . ryan ( glum ) thanks . mather try to buck he up ... mather look -- it 's a aftermath scene . you love aftermath scene . ryan yeah . I guess so . just then , a 22 year - old agent assistant in a suit approach gush over mather ... agent assistant you be incredible ! " freeze lapd ! " amazing ! so authentic ! he hand she he card . agent assistant ( cont would ) I work in Adam venit 's office at wme . call I , I can get you work tomorrow . mather I be not a actress . I 'ma cop . agent assistant method ! I love it ! do not change . he move off . mather just shake she head ... mather I think he still have he baby tooth . you want this ? 21 34 . she offer he card to Ryan who shake he head , defeat . ryan I just wanna go home . Ryan move off . we hold on mather feel for he . int . ryan be sit com home set - day 21 amy and Ryan 's three girl sit at the kitchen table with jon cryer , each with multiple device in front of they ( laptop , iphone , ipad , etc. ) tapping away feverishly . Ryan 's youngest complain ... youngest daughter mommy , my finger hurt . amy I know , honey . just a couple more hour -- daddy need as many click as possible for he show to stay on the internet . jon cryer I love this -- it 's like the cutest little sweatshop ever . the studio audience laugh . oldest daughter Mom -- how come I have not see a single ad for stuff I do not want and can not skip on YouTube ? amy that 's because you be not on YouTube -- you be on YouTube Red . YouTube 's premium subscription service channel . ( to camera ) it 's a bargain at only $ 9.99 a month . middle daughter like netflix ? amy well , they both cost the same . oldest daughter I wanna watch the Crown . 35 . amy well all do , honey . well all do . keep click . jon cryer hang on -- you guy be on YouTube Red ? ( realize ) well , that explain a lot . amy what site have you be on this whole time ? Amy move to look at jon 's laptop . he quickly close it , stand up . jon cryer a very different website with a very similar name . but the category section make a lot more sense now . the audience laugh knowingly . cryer move to the door just as it open and in walk Ryan . the audience cheer he entrance . youngest daughter daddy ! all three girl rush they father . he kneel down for a hug . it make he smile . middle daughter we have be click on you show to help you stay internet famous , even though we can not watch the Crown on it . oldest daughter or Stranger thing . youngest daughter or narcos . middle daughter or House of card . the effort melt Ryan . ryan aw -- thanks , guy . 36 . amy why hello there , white Aaron burr . how would the big audition go ? ryan it do not . I miss it . amy you miss it ? oh no -- why ? mather ( 0.s. ) because he be help I solve a case . mather enter . the audience cheer . she 's still not use to it . mather I could not have do it without he . Ryan nod a thank you to mather . amy well , there will be other audition . jon cryer not for Hamilton there will not . byeeee ! the crowd laugh as jon cryer scoot off wave to they . ryan that 's okay . I do not need Hamilton , I have get you guy . a big family hug . the crowd " awww " . the hug end . Ryan turn to mather . ryan ( cont would ) see ya tomorrow . mather see ya tomorrow . mather go to the door , but stop and turn back . mather ( cont would ) hey haircut -- Ryan turn . mather ( cont would ) catch . 22 37 . mather toss he something . he catch it . then look to see it 's a shiny gold badge . ryan be you serious ? mather it 's a meter may 's badge , but I do not think anyone will notice . ( then ) see you tomorrow ... scene partner . it 's a warm moment . the crowd react appropriately . Ryan smile . mather nod back . jon cryer pop back in ... jon cryer do anyone know how to clear a browser history ? ask for a friend . the audience laugh . so do everyone on stage . freeze . end of episode . int . SMALL room - day 22 a video recording stutter to life as Ryan step back and take he mark , address the lens . ryan Ryan hansen , self - tape audition for the role of Aaron burr in Hamilton : american Vengeance . Ryan turn leave and right , offer profile . he square up , take a breath , then let it rip . ryan ( cont would ) too bad , Alexander . when the bomb I have strapped you chest to go off , you dream of a America with a strong central government go with it . I guess I , Aaron burr , be finally in " the room where it happen . " ( then ) what ? George Washington ? how do you get in here -- noooooo ! suddenly , Ryan start jerk he body all over the place as though he be get shot to death . in slow motion . with sound effect . 38 . this go on for awhile . Ryan finally die , pull the backdrop sheet down with he . breathless , he pop back into frame . ryan ( cont would ) and scene .