S. darko written by Nathan Atkins second draft ext . wheat field - morning samantha darko ( 18 ) open she eye . she squint as the summer sun shrink she pupil to pinhole size . she sit up slowly , look around ... and find herself in midst of a endless wheat field . Sam be pretty and demure . her coppery hair flow past she shoulder . disorient , she stand and gaze at the infinite golden shimmer . amber wave of grain . patch of forest in the distance . it 's quiet . serene. beautiful ... she smile , and start walk . ext . arkansas highway 40 - morning she emerge at the shoulder of a rural stretch of highway in Arkansas . adjacent to she position , on the other side of the desert lane , be a truck stop . ext . truck stop - morning amongst the tractor -trailer park in the back lot be a white , late - 80s model chevrolet celebrity . Sam make she way across the asphalt toward the vehicle ... int . corey' chevrolet - morning corey richardson ( 18 ) be asleep , curl up in the recline driver 's seat of the car . she awaken when Sam get in on the passenger side and slam the door shut . Corey have the look of a typical rebellious teen : dyed hair , piercing , a little grungy . she rub the sleep from she eye , greeting the new day with something less than enthusiasm . she find a soft pack of cigarettes and light one . corey what time be it ? SAM early ... Corey adjust she seat . she take a long drag and choke , then spit out the window . she start the car ... 2 . I /e. corey' chevrolet / highway 40 , various - day Corey 's car cruise along the flat , open road . she crank up the volume on the car 's cassette deck , nodd she head to early - 90 alt . rock ( suggestion : into Dust , by mazzy Star ) ... Sam look out the window at the pass scenery : farmer at work in the field ; a billboard advertising a local restaurant ; roadside ditch fill with trash ... she fixate on a minivan travel in the slow lane . it contain the all - american nuclear family : mother , father and three sibling , one of they be a youngster . the youngster make a face at Sam as they pass by ... int . corey' chevrolet - later - day Corey glance at the control panel when she hear the engine start to rattle . she see that the temperature gauge have hit the red and she check engine light be on . corey shit ... ext . oklahoma highway 40 / corey' chevrolet - day by the time they pull over on the side of the empty highway , steam billow out from under the hood . Sam get out of the car to check on it while Corey remain behind the wheel . Sam peek under the hood , try to clear the air of the steam . it sound like someone be rhythmically tapping the inside of the engine with a hammer . SAM turn it off . corey ( poke she head out the window ) what ? SAM turn off the car . Corey do so . SAM ( cont 'd ) do not look too good ... corey how do you know ? 3. SAM it smell funny . Sam look up when she hear a pick - up truck come toward they . Corey watch as she step out to wave it down ... the pick - up pull over ahead of they . CHRIS holt ( 24 ) , a brawny , attractive young man , get out . when Corey see he she get out too . SAM ( cont 'd ) thanks for stop . we car 's mess up . CHRIS what happen ? corey my check engine light come on , then it just start smoking , and tick and shit . as Chris poke around under the hood , Sam and Corey exchange look . Chris pop open the coolant cap and burn he hand on the steam explosion . CHRIS ( shaking it off ) blew you water pump . can not drive it . corey fuck I ... CHRIS El reno 's just a couple mile up ahead . can call for a tow there . c'mon , I will give you a lift . I /e. CHRIS ' truck / EL reno , various - day all three cramme into the cab of the pick - up , they drive through the center of El reno , Oklahoma ( population 16,000 ) and see some of the local out and about [ music montage fuel by early - to mid-90s era grunge rock ( suggestion : come as you be , by nirvana ) -- reminiscent of the ` middlesex Middle School montage ' in donnie darko ] : agatha dowdy ( 54 ) , a employee of the local diner , sit on a bench in front of the establishment smoking a cigarette . the manager , ted moncton ( 50 ) , call she back inside ... 4. randy evan ( 21 ) , RUTH gibben ( 18 ) and jeff ( 21 ) and mike jimenez ( 20 ) loiter in the parking lot of a liquor store ... trudy potter ( 39 ) flirt with father homeijer ( 54 ) , a Catholic priest , outside the bank . a bank sign show the time -- 12:00 pm -- then flash to the date -- JUNE 18 , 1995 ... officer ryan o'dell ( 31 ) have pull over a pretty lady and use he uniform to impress more than intimidate ... they come up on vietnam tom ( 48 ) , who amble along the side of the road against traffic , and he wave to they as they pass . he wear old , weather beat clothes and a multi - color ski mask over he head and face ... [ end montage ] Sam swivel she head to watch Tom . another car pass and he wave to it as well . Chris pick up on she curiosity . CHRIS he wave to everybody ... just kinda walk up and down . corey resident nutcase ? CHRIS people call he Vietnam Tom . SAM he be in the war ? CHRIS he think he be ... kind of a joke , ya know ? Sam continue to stare until he disappear out of sight ... pan down to a puddle by the side of the road . as a car tire splashes through it , pan up to find : I /e. dusty' garage / house - afternoon dusty 's auto repair shop , which be nothing more than a big garage attach to he old two -story house . Corey 's car have be tow there , and dusty gibben ( 37 ; father of Ruth gibben ) , the lone mechanic , tinker around under the hood . Sam and Corey sit on the front step of the house wait , bored as hell . a pit bull lap at a nameless treat wedge into a crack in the walkway . the girl be force to get up when Ruth ( from outside the liquor store ) come to the door . 5 . RUTH can I get out ? Sam and Corey move so that she can exit the house . Ruth 's look be harden , rough around the edge -- she appear older than she 18 year . the girl watch as she enter the garage to see she father . she whisper something in he ear , and dusty hand she some cash , which she pocket then kiss he on the cheek . after this , dusty wipe he hand on he greasy jeans and come outside to address Corey and Sam . dusty yeah ... it 's the water pump . corey so what do we do ? dusty I can order you up a new one . probably be a couple day . corey great . this the only show in town ? dusty cheapest and the best . but you want I to call the tow guy back here , no problem . probably charge you another hundred buck , but he will get ya wherever you wanna go . corey just go ahead and fix it . int . motel lobby - afternoon phil coulter ( 48 ) , the proprietor of a dingy little roadside motel , look up from a hardcover copy of Stephen King 's gerald game when the girl enter . they each have a SMALL suitcase and a backpack in tow . phil what can I do for you ? corey we need a room . he get out a notebook and lay it out on the counter . Corey find a pen and start to fill out a registration form ... a news bulletin about the O.J. simpson trial play at a low volume on a television in the b.g . 6 . SAM how much be it ? phil $ 39 a night . how many you stayin ' ? corey just a couple , we hope . he take the key to room 15 off the rack . phil well ... welcome to El reno . ext . liquor store - night Sam and Corey arrive at the liquor store , which be down the street from the motel . Ruth , Randy Evans , and Jeff and Mike jimenez be loitering in the parking lot in a similar fashion to how they be earlier in the day . RUTH you get check into the motel alright ? corey yep . Randy seem surprised that Ruth have already make they acquaintance . he waste no time in introduce himself . randy my name 's Randy . this be Mike and Jeff . guess you already know Ruth . corey Corey . SAM I be samantha . they shake , and Corey seem at ease mingling with the stranger . Sam hang back a little . corey one of you guy mind pickin ' we up a bottle of something ? randy I think I can manage that . what do you want ? 7. corey I do not know . vodka , whiskey , whatever . Corey look to Sam , who produce some cash . Randy take the money and head for the store . randy be right back ... after he 's go , there 's a uncomfortable moment of silence in which Mike and Jeff ogle the girl mischievously . Ruth stare at they in a different way . she seem somewhat resentful of they presence . RUTH from Virginia , huh ? corey yep . RUTH I see you plate ... Corey and Sam both nod in mundane acknowledgment . another beat of uncomfortable silence . RUTH ( cont 'd ) where to ? corey what ? RUTH you obviously just passin ' through here . SAM we be on the way to Vegas . Ruth snicker . RUTH well ... you need anything besides booze , you just lemme know . Randy come out of the store with a bottle in a brown bag . he pass it off to Corey , along with some change . corey thanks a lot , man . 8. randy no problem . you guy wanna come back to my place for bit ? bring you bottle , we get some weed ... Corey look like she 's consider it , but -- SAM I be really tired . she take Sam 's signal . corey yeah , I think we will just head back . be a long day , ya know ? randy that 's cool . ext . bank - later - night the clock on the bank sign show 3:30 am -- then flash to -- JUNE 19 , 1995 ... it change again , this time to a countdown to the JULY 4th firework celebration : 15 day , 17 hour , 29 minute , 57 second ... 56 second ... 55 second ... int . motel room 15 - night Sam awaken suddenly from a nightmare . she lie atop the blanket wear a t-shirt and boxer short . she look over and see Corey pass out on the other full - size bed . two plastic cup , empty soda can , and the bottle be on the nightstand between they , the liquor partially consume . there 's a digital clock / radio that read 3:30 am . the tv be on , and a late night infomercial for the GEORGE foreman grill play . Sam stare at the screen as the image warp and ripple in a way that coincide with a increasingly loud , rumbling tremor from outside ... in a daze , she get up and slowly walk closer to the television . she reach out with she right hand , about to touch it ... a strange , abrupt hard CUT to : ext . grassy field behind motel - night Sam be in a grassy field behind the motel , move away from the building . she wear a hooded sweatshirt , jeans , and she right hand be wrap in some sort of makeshift bandage . 9 . there 's a gash in the side of she forehead by she temple , with what look to be a shard of metal partially embed under the skin and protrude from the wound . she be without expression , and she movement be rhythmic and fluid . a tall aermotor windmill tower in the distance ... sam' luminous Pov - the grassy field a glimpse of the field through Sam 's eye show a phosphorescent plane of destiny -- a intricate grid in which object organic and inorganic dwell in assign position , and move accord to a framework of set path . a jackrabbit follow a silvery vector spear like prophetic life - gel to its burrow ... cosmic ENERGY burn around a cluster of stone ... miniature vector spear lead a swarm of insect around in a circle and then buz right past Sam 's field of vision ... it 's infinitely complex , but Sam see through it clearly . she have no vector spear of she own to guide she , but she be cognizant of she path ... she move toward the windmill . ext . windmill - night Sam appear at the foot of the windmill tower . a giant water tank squat beside it . remain stoic , she look up and see Vietnam Tom sit atop the windmill platform , more than 30 foot up , stare back down at she through the eye hole of he ski mask ... angle : windmill platform Tom peer over the edge of the small platform , the surface of which be litter with tatter clothing , a water bottle , can of food and scrap of a tarp . he cradle a rifle in he arm ... his focus shift from what be at the foot of the windmill to what be sit right beside he -- reveal Sam . her leg dangle over the side of the platform , and she stare off into distance . SAM the sky 's so beautiful here ... Tom look in the direction that she stare and then back at she . Sam turn to meet he gaze ... 10 . SAM ( cont 'd ) but we can not stay . sam' luminous Pov - vietnam tom Sam see through to the core of he physical be , the dynamic CENTER of which linger pulsate in a translucent circle around he chest . magnify neuron in tom' brain send electric impulse that release neurotransmitters , which excite other neuron ... Tom slowly reach out to touch Sam , but a invisible force field make contact impossible . ripples swell throughout the clear plasma-like barrier from where he touch it , and he hand remain glue to the spot . Sam extend she bandage right hand , and press it to Vietnam Tom 's as if she be touch a mirrore image of herself . the contact generate more ripples , and as tremor begin to shake the windmill a distorted voice echoe throughout the cosmos : distorted voice ( v.o. ) 15 day ... 18 hour ... 45 minute ... 6 second . that be when the world will end . a cylindrical portal open up below they , gape and swirl like God 's eye on the mouth of a liquid tornado . as Sam and Tom stand in unison to peer into it , a hexagonal plate of white light emanate from within -- ext . below windmill - night they appear near the foot of the windmill , sprinting away from it together . Tom have he rifle , and he look up to the sky as he run ... ... there 's a brilliant flash of GREEN light -- deafen thunder -- a blind explosion -- ext . bus stop - morning Sam awaken to the morning sun blind she . she struggle to peer through the harsh whiteness at a loom figure that stand over she . her eye adjust to discover that it 's a policeman -- Officer o' dell . 11 . officer o'dell ` fraid you can not sleep here , miss . Sam sit up and realize she 's on a bench at a bus stop near the side of the road . o' dell 's tone be innocuous , and when she look up at he again she see that he 's grin . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) get anyplace to be ? Sam manage to find she voice . SAM the motel . she take he hand and rise . I /e. o'dell cruiser / motel - morning o' dell 's cruiser pull into the motel parking lot , which be uncharacteristically full . a FIRE truck be park by the side of the road . just then , a call come in on the police radio : dispatch ( v.o. ) we get some kinda situation at Frank Haley 's farm ... officer o'dell copy that . I be here now ... ext . grassy field behind motel - morning where the tower windmill once stand be now only a crater about 5 foot deep and 10 foot in diameter , with char bit of wood and metal strewn everywhere . ground water spurt from the break well seal ... and a cantaloupe-sized meteorite sit in the center of the crater . two firemen haul out the meteorite with glove hand as Sam and o'dell arrive on the scene . Corey be already there look on , as well as Chris Holt , who give they a ride into town , phil coulter from the motel , and other local citizen . frank haley ( 54 ) , the farmer who own the land , be fume . frank un-fuckin' -believable ... the firemen drop the porous , misshapen clod by he foot . 12 . fireman # 1 it 's still warm . frank you know how much it 's gonna cost I to replace this goddamn windmill ? Officer o'dell step up beside he and kick the meteorite with he boot . officer o'dell sell this thing off to some meteorologist nerd club , I bet you could do okay . frank ya think ? Sam look down at a can of food on the ground amidst some scorched clothing . o' dell take note of some other canned good and scrap of tarp . officer o'dell what 's all that stuff , Frank ? frank that whack job Tom 's be squattin ' up there the last couple a ' month . thinks he 's the goddamn town watchman ... ( beat ) you think he get blow up ? everyone scan the ground for sign of human remain until phil pipe up : phil I see he out in front of the motel early this morning , alive and well . frank ( sarcastic ) oh , well , thank heaven ... Sam turn and peer up at the water tank . it 's marre by burn mark and dent from the explosion . as she tilt she head and look closer , she can almost pick out a shape create by the damage -- a negative image like the shroud of turin ... ... in the form of a bizarre , toothy - grin face of a giant monster bunny . 13. ext . motel - morning Sam and Corey be on they way back to the motel room when they turn and see that Chris have follow they . CHRIS hey ... SAM hey . CHRIS so you guy stay here last night ? corey one of we do . Sam give Corey a look . Chris decide to ignore the comment . CHRIS what 's up with you car ? corey it 's gonna take a couple day . CHRIS for a water pump ? Sam and Corey shrug . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) none of my business , but ... he 's distract when a brand new `95 BMW pull up and park nearby . jeremy frame ( 25 ) , a thin , pale young man hop out and hustle into the field toward the crash site . SAM what ? Chris regains he train of think : CHRIS I be just gonna say , if you want , I could give you a ride back . he look right at Sam when he say this . he then glance over at Corey , as if just remember she be there . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) you too . I mean , I could give you both a ride . 14 . corey to middlesex , Virginia ? do you have any clue how far that be ? CHRIS ( sheepish ) I get some time ... Sam look as though she 's about to say something but Corey overpower she . corey we be not goin ' back . even El reno 's better than there . Chris make eye contact with Sam again . she maintain it for a moment and then look away . ext . junkyard - day Vietnam Tom explore a cluttere junkyard , gather material . he scour amongst the pile of refuse , rusty machine and crumble storage shack . he bend to pick up a scrap of metal and add it to a collection he 's make in a wear satchel ... ext . diner - day as Sam and Corey be about to enter the diner , trudy Potter , a bank teller , be on she way out . the girl move to the side so she can exit , and take notice of a missing person sign post next to the door -- billy moorcroft be ( 10 ) dark , empty eye stare at they from the black &amp ; white photograph . trudy ( o.s. ) be not that just awful ? trudy have stop and be look over they shoulder . trudy ( cont 'd ) his poor mother ... int . diner - day the girl sit at a booth , sip coke . corey how much money do we have leave ? 15 . SAM not a whole lot . corey I can not believe you fuck parent would not give you anything . SAM they totally flip out that I be even go . they be not about to give I money for the big trip . corey we should have wait till the end of the month when my mom get she check . SAM she would not have give you anything . corey I know where she keep she cash . what 's she gonna do , send she boyfriend after I ? Corey poke at the crush ice in she glass with she straw . corey ( cont 'd ) do not matter . as soon as we get to Vegas , we will be set . my cousin say sometimes she make two grand in a week . SAM Jesus . Sam be impressed , but something about she subdued reaction exhibit reservation ... just then , agatha dowdy arrive with plate of burger and fry . agatha here you go . where would you two say you be from again ? SAM Virginia . agatha you hear that , Ted ? she call to Ted moncton , who be busy behind the counter . 16 . ted what ? agatha this girl be from Virginia . ted I will be damned . I be from reedville , if you know where about that be ... neither Sam nor Corey give much of a hint as to a yes or no . ted ( cont 'd ) well , have yourself some ice cream when you be do , on the house . corey SAM okay . thank you . agatha anything else you need , give a holler . agatha move off , and Sam and Corey start to dig into they food ... momentarily , someone else enter and take a seat at the counter by they booth . it 's Jeremy Frame , the driver of the BMW . he raise a finger to alert Ted of he presence . jeremy just a coffee , please . Ted nod and pour he a cup ... after he receive he coffee , Jeremy turn and stare at the girl . they both notice he do it , but Corey be the first to speak . corey can we help you ? jeremy no , no ... it 's just that I recognize you . I see you by the motel . pretty amazing , huh ? corey I guess . jeremy I just make a deal with Frank Haley to buy it for seven-hund fifty dollar . 17 . corey whoop-dee -doo . what the hell be you gonna do with a friggin ' meteor ? jeremy meteorite , actually ... Corey roll she eye at be correct . Sam smirk and munch on a french fry -- she 's enjoy they conversation . jeremy ( cont 'd ) I be gonna study it . I be a grad student at redland ... we have actually get a pretty cool geology lab there . Corey focus on she lunch , ignore he , but Jeremy go on . jeremy ( cont 'd ) I have gotta do some test , but if I have to guess , I would say it 's a siderite . they be compose primarily of iron and nickel . corey have fun . jeremy my name 's Jeremy . corey that 's nice . Sam glance up at Jeremy , expect he to be hurt or embarrassed by Corey 's snub . but he 's not . he 's smile at she , and she can not help but smile back . ext . father homeijer' house / church - afternoon each lick a ice cream cone , Corey and Sam walk past the home of Father homeijer . the priest be outside work in he flower garden , wear he clerical collar . a old catholic church rest on the same lot as he house , loom behind it . when Father homeijer see the girl walk by , he rise from he work , take off he glove and wipe sweat from he forehead . Sam and Corey both notice he eyeball they . corey what 's he problem ? 18. SAM just keep walk . Corey wave to he in a sarcastic , exaggerated manner ... the priest do not wave back , but continue to gawk at they until they go around the corner . corey freak ... ext . junkyard , storage shack - afternoon Vietnam Tom crouch in a decrepit shack cover by a piece of corrugate roofing . he work with great focus , arrange various bit of metal into some sort of small sculpture ... ext . liquor store - later - afternoon have finish they ice creams , the girl pass the liquor store on the way back to the motel . they find Randy , Ruth , Jeff and Mike at they usual post . randy hey , what 's up ? corey not much ... just get stare down by creepy priest boy back there . jeff Father homeijer ? mike do not worry , you be a little old for he taste . jeff yeah , he 's a fuckin ' perv . corey ( to Randy ) you get a extra cigarette ? Randy take a pack from he pocket and offer she one . randy I be throwin ' a big party at my house tonight , you guy should come by . no excuse this time ... Sam and Corey look at each other , consider . 19 . randy ( cont 'd ) you be gonna be stick in El reno , you might as well have some fun , right ? ext . randy'' house , backyard - night the party at Randy 's teem with local , age range from early teens to late - 20 . on the back deck be a keg of Beer and a boombox blast music . there 's a slimy - look pool , and a few people swim in the greenish water . Randy and Ruth make they round as a pair . they stop off so Ruth can sell a bag of weed to some eager kide . Corey and Sam hang with Mike and Jeff , drink beer . corey you guy gotta come visit the club when we get all set up . we will give you the VIP treatment , man ... Mike and Jeff be both excited about this proposition . mike sound good to I . corey give we a little time , I and Sam will be runnin ' that place , no doubt ... right ? SAM yeah . definitely . Corey be relaxed , enjoy they newfound friend , while Sam appear more out of place . she drain the better part of she cup for some liquid courage . Randy and Ruth converge back on the group just as Officer o'dell creep into the backyard wear plainclothes . Ruth notice he first . RUTH fuck . randy what ? RUTH that pig , o'dell . 20 . randy do not worry about Ryan . he might be a cop , but he still like to party . Randy 's theory be prove when o'dell take a flask from he pocket and have a snort before approach a pair of teenage girl ... but Ruth be still not satisfied . RUTH I think that asshole know I deal . you know how fuck that be ? randy from what I hear he 's get a little something ' goin ' on the side himself . RUTH Fucking pig 's a pig . they be all distract when somebody do a cannonball into the pool and splashes they . mike jeff fuck ! bastard ! SAM what the hell ... Sam bend to wipe some of the water from she pants . Ruth watch she , smirk . randy we might as well all go in now , we be already wet . RUTH good idea ... without warning , Ruth shove Sam backwards into the pool -- angle : beneath the water she sink into the murky water in slow-motion . all sound be drowned out and everything be tranquil , completely detach . through she blurred vision , Sam can see Randy 's porch light glimmer beyond the surface of the water ... transition to : 21 . int . auditorium - night the spot light be blind from the perspective of the stage . through the white blur a auditorium full of people can be see ... in slow-motion and perfect synchronicity , young samantha ( 11 ) and the " sparkle motion " girl be in the midst of they dance performance ... back to : ext . randy'' house , backyard - night a hand reach into the pool , grab onto Sam 's arm and pull she up -- she breach the surface of the water , gasp for breath -- back to reality . she see that Randy be the one responsible for pull she out . randy you fall asleep down there ? he , Ruth and the other be look down at she , laugh . Sam be lose in think , strike by she vision ... she snap out of it when she see Corey tear off she top and jump into the pool beside she . many of the partygoer hoot in approval , and Randy , Mike and Jeff strip down and leap in right behind she . Sam swim toward the far side of the pool where the step be , and fewer people . when she arrive there , she 's surprised to find Chris Holt wait for she with a towel . CHRIS think you could maybe use this . as Chris hand she the towel , he notice a wide scar on the inside of Sam 's right wrist ... but do not mention it . Sam wrap the towel around she sopping wet body . Corey look over and see she get out ... ext . randy'' house , porch - moment later - night Chris and Sam stand by the keg with fresh beer . CHRIS so what 's so wrong at home that you have to take off ? the question take Sam by surprise . 22. CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I would love to get outta here someday too ... just do not know quite where I would go . Sam decide to open up a little . SAM I hate it there . it 's like everyone know everything about I , but I be invisible at the same time . it 's like the worst of both world . CHRIS small town . how `bout you family ? SAM they do not want I to leave ... well , they do , but they want I to go away to Harvard or something like that , like my sister . Sam take a big sip of she beer , show sign of tipsiness . SAM ( cont 'd ) sometimes I think it would have be easier if ... I just , after my brother - Sam stop herself . CHRIS what ? SAM ( change gear ) that 's why I love Corey , she just do not give a shit . she do what she want and she do not care what people think . CHRIS you just gotta be yourself , that 's all . what be it you wanna do exactly ? SAM I always think I would be a dancer , like in a troupe or something ... Sam be self - conscious after admit this . SAM ( cont 'd ) that sound kinda stupid probably . 23. CHRIS no ... SAM when I be young , my dance team be on Star search . CHRIS really ? SAM yeah ... but I do not go . CHRIS why not ? SAM I do not end up dance in the talent show where they get discover ... I do not really feel like it at the time anyway . CHRIS huh ... SAM but that 's why we be go to Vegas . there 's lot of opportunity there . Chris glance over to the pool where Corey be topless , splash and goof around with some boy . CHRIS ( smirking ) yeah , good place for it . gettin ' some practice on the way , too . Sam take offense , get drunk and sensitive . SAM be that suppose to be like some kind of judgement or something ? CHRIS no , I be just - she take she beer and storm away from he . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) Sam , wait ... hey , come on ... 24 . ext . randy'' house , side entrance - night Sam find a stoop at the side of the house where she can be alone . she can hear the party go on in the backyard , but no one else be in sight . still soaking wet , she plant herself on the stoop and start to pound the rest of she drink ... a strange , abrupt hard CUT to : ext . STREET in front of randy'' house - night Sam lie in the middle of the street in front of Randy 's . a lone , flicker STREET light intermittently bathes she in a orange glow . she be completely dry , wear she hooded sweatshirt and jeans , with the makeshift bandage wrap around she right hand . the shard of metal protrude from the gash in she forehead ... a car suddenly scream right past she prostrate form , miss she by inch . she sit up slowly and look toward the front of Randy 's house , which be about 20 yard away . sam' luminous Pov - drunk guy two drunk guy exit the house and enter the complex , phosphorescent grid that be Sam 's field of vision . vector spear jut from they chest and precede all they movement as they open the gas tank of a parked car , insert a siphon , and begin to drain the gas into another vehicle . drunk guy # 1 hurry up ... although she be close by , they take no notice of Sam whatsoever . another car speed by , again nearly crush she , but she do not flinch ... she stand , and turn deliberately to face the opposite side of the road where , unlike the drunk guy , there be someone who be completely focus on she -- Vietnam Tom crouch in a ditch near a culvert -- angle : culvert Sam appear with he in the tenebrous ditch . Tom stare at she wide - eye through the eyehole of he ski mask . 25 . from one end of the broad , open culvert they can see straight through to the other side ... a portal start to take shape within , swirl around the circumference . Soft , blue light touch they face from the phosphorescent glow , and a gust of wind be nearly strong enough to make they falter . on the opposite end of the culvert , a plate of white light flash for a instant then transform into a image of father homeijer' church -- ext . church - night Tom and Sam stand outside the church . the steeple reign over they . Sam be stoic as she watch Tom climb the stone step and approach the great wood door ... int . church - night Sam sit like a statue in one of the pews . Tom stride past she in a daze , move toward the pulpit ... beside the altar stand three bare cross in imitation of Calvary , each stand over 4 foot tall . Sam look up to a high corner , above the pulpit to the right , where two wall and the ceiling meet ... sam' luminous Pov - convergence point the three plane come together at a irregular angle , with the wall on the right side slanting inward , and the ceiling sloping slightly downward . phosphorescence burn in the three queerly pitch line , with a concentration of heighten energy at the juncture . a vector spear bulge from Vietnam Tom 's chest where he stand below it , reach higher and higher ... as Tom 's spear get closer to the convergence point , the bizarre angling become more exaggerated because the plane start to dip and swell with impossible elasticity -- angle : between the wall Sam and Tom find themselves squeeze between the inner and outer wall . claustrophobic , dusty and obscure . 26 . dilapidate wiring snake around they , and Tom barely have enough space to reach forth and touch it with he finger ... cosmic ENERGY jolt through the wire . a spark . a blue flame ... heat and pressure build . the old dry wood begin to creak and SNAP -- fade to white . over white ... the sharp sound echo and fade away ... then become present again . louder now , and different . a banging ... int . motel room 15 - the next day Sam pull back the curtain of white -- a sheet over she face . she 's lie on the floor of the motel room in between the bed . she 's alone , and naked except for the sheet . her wet clothes be in a heap beside she . her head be throbbing ... bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! she scramble to put something on so she can get the door ... I /e. motel room 15 - moment later - day have throw on some wrinkle clothes , Sam open the door to find phil , the motel owner . he do not look pleased . phil you plannin ' on checkin ' out today ? SAM ( groggy ) uh ... I , I do not know yet . phil well , it 's already way past checkout time , so you would better figure it out quick . SAM I have just gotta find Corey ... and check on the car . 27 . phil you do whatever you have to , but if you be stayin ' another night I wanna see some money up front . ext . bank - day Sam approach the bank , and when she see the tall sign with the digital clock , she stop and stare up at it . it strike a chord but she do not know why ... the sign read 12:48 pm -- and then -- JUNE 20 , 1995 . it change to the firework countdown : 14 day , 8 hour , 11 minute , 22 second ... 21 second ... int . bank - day Sam enter the small bank , and as she approach the counter she see that trudy Potter be in tear . some of she female CO - worker be consol she . trudy I do not believe it ... I still just do not believe it . female CO - worker it 's gonna be alright . you will see . trudy look up and see Sam wait uncomfortably . trudy ( dabbing at she eye with a tissue ) can I help you ? SAM be everything okay ? trudy no , it 's not ... mount Calvary burn to the ground last night . SAM mount Calvary ? trudy Father homeijer 's church . SAM oh ... how do it happen ? 28 . trudy the police be look into it , but ... I know it be arson . trudy lean in to talk quietly to Sam . trudy ( cont 'd ) it 's no secret to I how people in this town feel about Father homeijer . the horrible accusation that have be make against he ... but it 's just a lot of nonsense . El reno 's change so much since I be a kid grow up here . the young people nowadays ... ( beat ) no offense . she place she hand on top of Sam 's . trudy ( cont 'd ) but with all the drug and the crime ... I just do not know what this world 's come to anymore . Sam try to redirect she focus . SAM be you able to get money wire here from my bank back home ? trudy we do not usually work with other bank like that . SAM I need to check my balance and get my money out . how do I do that ? trudy you will have to call and arrange it . you could always use western Union . where 's you bank ? SAM Virginia . trudy oh ... `cause they be gonna need to have a signature . disappointed , Sam turn to leave ... 29 . angle : near exit as she 's on she way out , she notice a bulletin board with another missing person sign for billy moorcroft . she stand before the picture , stare into the young boy 's dark , empty eye . though it 's just a low quality black &amp ; white photo , billy 's face emote profound hopelessness and despair . ext . bank - day as Sam come out of the bank Jeremy roll up in he BMW and park in the lot . he get out and approach she . jeremy hi there . SAM hey . jeremy I do not get you name at the diner . SAM I be Sam . jeremy Jeremy . they shake , and Jeremy hold she hand for a little longer than what be generally comfortable . jeremy ( cont 'd ) so what be you up to ? SAM try to get money ... not very successfully . jeremy I have gotta pick up some cash too . need some supplies for the lab . I do not think I have even sleep since I get my hand on that meteorite . you should come by the lab with I and check it out . SAM I can not ... Sam start to walk away from he . 30 . jeremy I could let you borrow some money ... if you need some . SAM I do not even know you . jeremy that 's okay . I trust you . SAM thanks anyway . jeremy you be sure you do not want to check out the lab ? SAM sorry ... I have gotta find Corey . Sam turn to leave . jeremy maybe some other time . I /e. randy'' car - afternoon Corey ride shotgun in Randy 's car , chew on some greasy fast food , look quite content . Randy be behind the wheel with a Beer in he hand , and Mike , Jeff and Ruth be pack into the back , pass around a joint . mike how many cheeseburger do we get ? RUTH like eight . Mike pass the joint up to Corey and she take a big hit , chase it with some beer ... jeff wait , do we get smoke ? everyone in the car be stunne into momentary silence when they turn a corner and see what 's leave of the church . mike randy whoa ! Jesus Christ ... 31 . Pov from the car - the church ruins police and firemen swarm . Father homeijer stand with Officer o'dell , gaze at the soggy ruin . the only thing stand amid the char mess be the three bare cross of mount Calvary . but they be not completely intact -- ext . church ruins - continuous - angle on - deformed cross all three be bent drastically forward , sagging down toward the murky ground ... officer o'dell ( o.s. ) musta ' melt from the heat . Father homeijer look down at the metamorphosis , beside himself with bitterness and sorrow . father homeijer they be make of silver - plate steel . a simple fire could not do that . officer o'dell what be you sayin ' ? father homeijer this be a extension of Satan 's own hand ... I have see it come . Rolling he eye , o'dell walk away , leave the priest to grieve for he church in private . ext . junkyard , storage shack - afternoon Vietnam Tom continue to toil over he sculpture , but progress have be make ... it have begin to take on a recognizable form : a grotesque countenance with two long ear , bulging eye and a devilish , toothy grin ... ext . randy'' car / STREET in front of department store - afternoon Sam be walk in front of a department store when Randy 's car pull up beside she . Corey stick she head out the passenger side window . corey what happen to you ? 32 . SAM what happen to I ...? where the hell have you be ? corey I crash at Randy 's . we just get food . want a burger ? SAM my stomach 's fuck up . jeff mike awww ... poor tummy ... Jeff and Mike taunt she from the back . Ruth leer . SAM ( cont 'd ) we gotta talk about what we be gonna do . corey do not worry about it so much . SAM the motel guy come to the room this morning all piss off . we be probably not even gonna have enough money to pay for the car . Corey sigh , debate weather or not to get out . before she can reach a decision , something in the department store 's parking lot catch she eye : a little boy with dark hair , wear a birthday hat ... but she blink and he 's go , have disappear between two park vehicle . confused , Corey rub she eye and get out of the car . randy should I wait a minute ? jeff we gotta get some smoke ... corey just go ahead . I will catch up with you later on . randy alright . later . Corey get out and shut the door . Randy speed off toward a intersection about 20 yard ahead ... 33. int . department store - afternoon Chris be at work , stock shelf inside the department store ... he check he watch , stop what he 's do and grab a pack of cigarettes from he breast pocket -- time for a smoke break . ext . intersection near department store - afternoon Sam and Corey meander toward the intersection where Randy 's car be stop at a red light . SAM we just gotta figure out what we be gonna do . I do not think - corey ( abrupt ) lemme guess , you wanna go home . SAM what ? corey you wanna run back to mommy and daddy and say sorry so they can put you through college . well that 's real big of you , Sam , but I do not have that option . SAM ( take aback ) what be you talk about ? corey I will go home and get the shit kick out of I , and get my ass grab by my mom 's boyfriend ... they be almost to the light , which be still red , and come up on Randy 's car . Jeff , Mike and Ruth stare out at they from the backseat , smell the drama . corey ( cont 'd ) I know you would bail on I eventually , but not this quick . SAM I be not bail on you . would you just - 34 . corey you can fuck sleepwalk back to middlesex for all I care . I be not drive you ... you be a fuck drag . the light turn green , and Randy 's car peel across the intersection , make a leave ... SAM fuck you , Corey . Sam wheel on she and step out into the street , storming straight across . Corey start to follow ... but something stop she in she track : billy moorcroft . he stand on the opposite side of the intersection , in the trajectory that Sam be walk -- but Sam do not see he . billy wear a birthday hat , slack and collare shirt . he look pale and weak , and be cover with bruise . he stare right back at Corey , as transfix as she be ... time slow down . [ note : Sam 's position be in the middle of the road . Randy 's car have make the leave but be still in the vicinity of the intersection . ] bewildere , Corey try to step out into the street but something block she -- a invisible force field make forward progress impossible . ripples swell like wave throughout the barrier where she hit it . she look up , follow the ripple with she eye , and watch as they disappear beyond she realm of vision , into infinite space . she reach forth with she hand , want to feel the barrier once again ... just as she touch it ... real time resume -- ka - boom ! from out of nowhere a old jalopy sail right in front randy'' car ! he jerk the wheel -- and the jalopy hit on the front passenger side -- completely smash it in -- Sam spin when she hear the deafen crunch ... Randy careen into the opposite lane , and a oncoming car smack he dead on . the inertia from the oncoming vehicle plow he car into a FIRE hydrant by the side of the road . the hydrant go fly through the air like a bullet -- -- and strike SAM right in the head ! 35 . the world go silent . CHRIS run toward the destruction , dropping he cigarette ... water erupt like a geyser from the pipe where the hydrant used to be ... sam' body be crumpled in the STREET , motionless ... billy moorcroft be gone . the force field be gone . corey stand frozen , horrified ... in utter SHOCK . int . police station - afternoon Corey sign she statement on Officer o'dell 's desk , the expression of shock still glue to she face . o' dell sit face she . officer o'dell you be sure you do not see a driver ? corey no ... he take the statement from she . officer o'dell well , you be one lucky girl to have get outta the car when you do . Front passenger side be wipe right out . coulda ' be two dead girl today instead of one . Corey nod , take this in . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) I talk to Randy and send he home a little while ago . he 's pretty shook up . Corey do not respond . o' dell lean in to speak to she in confidence . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) both of we know he would be doin ' some drinkin ' today . but we also know he 's not at fault here . that old beater cut right in front he . corey can not you just look up the license plate ? 36 . officer o'dell no plate on the vehicle . we be investigate the vin , but that could take a little more time , depend on the history of ownership . we will find he . Corey seem somewhat hesitant to bring up the next subject : corey what about the miss boy ? o' dell shift in he chair . officer o'dell you really think it be he , huh ? corey he be on the side of the road right before the accident . officer o'dell I be no psychiatrist , but I do know sometimes shock do funny thing ... corey you think I be hallucinate ? officer o'dell we be on the scene five minute after the accident . I think somebody woulda notice a little boy wander around . he see how troubled Corey be . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) why do not you stop in and see Dr. Peters on you way out ... right down the hall there . she will give you something ' to make you feel better . Corey nod and get up to leave . as she 's on she way out , o' dell 's voice stop she . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) oh , uh ... be there anything you want to say to samantha 's parent ? Corey 's expression be blank . 37 . corey like what ? ext . police station , back parking lot - afternoon Corey walk out of the police station and find herself in a secluded back parking lot . she hold a prescription for anti - depressant . she be frighten when she notice a pair of eye stare at she from the bush close by -- it 's Vietnam Tom . he 's wear he ski mask and he 's get he rifle . Corey back away as Tom slowly creep toward she ... she 's about to scream for help when Chris Holt come out of the police station behind she . CHRIS get the hell outta here . grateful for he presence , Corey move to stand behind Chris . Tom shuffles away . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) should know better than to be carry he rifle around town like that ... Corey take a breath , recover from she scare . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) you okay ? corey what be you do here ? CHRIS I have to put in a statement too . can I give you a lift ? I /e. CHRIS ' truck / motel - evening Chris and Corey pull up to the motel in he pick -up . they have get Corey 's prescription fill , and she have the bottle of pill in she hand . CHRIS I be real sorry about Sam . Corey nod . 38 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) it 's such a waste . just a horrible , freak thing . corey I say some pretty shitty thing to she right before it happen . CHRIS I be sure she know you do not mean it . Corey get out of the car and walk toward the motel room . int . motel room 15 - evening Corey swallow two of she pill with some liquor from a plastic cup . she sit down on one of the full - size bed where Sam 's belonging be spread out . she open Sam 's backpack and discover the philosophy of time TRAVEL book , by roberta sparrow ... as Corey study the cover , she image be reflect by the closet door mirror . the angle of the mirror create double image reflection for other object in the room . strangely , Corey 's reflection be only present in one of the pane . the digital clock / radio show 6:30 pm ... there be picture of Sam 's family tuck away inside the book , between the page : Sam with she mother and father , rose and eddie darko ; young SAM with elizabeth and donnie ; a old photo of the whole darko family together -- Young Sam hold ariel , a stuffed toy unicorn . Corey remove the picture and set they on the nightstand ... she then look down and notice that the book be open to : chapter three - the fragmentary universe . corey fragmentary Universe ... she pour over the text , some of which read : when the fabric of the fourth dimension within a tangent Universe become corrupt , a highly unstable and volatile fragmentary Universe can occur , sustain itself for no longer than several day ... fade to black . 39 . int . motel room 15 - later - night Corey awaken to the sound of a little boy crying . she sit up in bed . the clock / radio read 3:30 am . the crying be faint but steady and sorrowful , and sound as though it 's come from outside ... ext . motel - night Corey follow the distinctive crying toward the vending machine on the side of the building ... ... until billy moorcroft emerge from behind they . Corey freeze a few foot away from the boy , who wear the birthday hat , slack and collare shirt . he be pale and bruise . Corey see that he be not cry -- it 's come from elsewhere in the cosmos , far away . the wail taper off to a faint , distorted whisper as billy speak : billy moorcroft you need to save I , Corey . Corey stare at he in disbelief . billy moorcroft ( cont 'd ) you need to save I ... and save the world . corey why can not anyone see you ? billy moorcroft if you tell they about I they will think you be a dummy . corey why I ? billy moorcroft I do not pick you . just like you do not pick I either . Corey stand before he in awe , transfix . billy moorcroft ( cont 'd ) we should not even be here . nobody should ... Corey take notice of the vend machine behind he . where the price should be , number flash in a rhythm that seem to coincide with the ululation of the distant crying : 2 ... 10 ... 16 ... 44 ... - end -... 2 ... 10 ... 16 ... 44 ... - end -... 40 . billy moorcroft ( cont 'd ) you do not have much time . Corey be about to respond when the sound of a door open stop she . the flashing number on the vend machine go back to normal price , the crying SOUND cease , and billy disappear . phil ( o.s. ) what 's goin ' on out here ? Corey look over and see phil dress in nightclothes , have come out of a room near the lobby . she 's dumbstruck . corey nothing ... i- I do not know . phil go back to you room and get some sleep . you have have a tough day . phil go back inside , leave she alone . int . department store - day Corey wander through the aisle of the department store , look peak and jittery . she come upon Chris stock some shelf near the back of the store . CHRIS hey ... how ya feelin' ? corey not so good . CHRIS be there anything I can do ? corey I need some cigarettes ... and maybe some food . but I do not really have any money right now . CHRIS I be off at 3:30 . meet I out behind the store . ext . behind the department store - later - afternoon Corey wait on the cement step by the load dock . she shoot up when Chris come out the back entrance with a plastic bag ... 41 . Corey take it from he and look inside : candy bar , a bag of chip , some peanut , a pack of cigarettes . corey thanks . she tear open the cigarettes and light one . Chris light up one of he own , and notice Corey 's hand be shaking . CHRIS should not you go back home ? corey there 's nothing for I to go home to . trust I . CHRIS what about Sam 's funeral ? Corey look conflict , but she take a harsh stance : corey what 's the point ? she 's go , that 's it . nothing 's gonna change that ... Chris let it go . corey ( cont 'd ) be there a library around here ? CHRIS ( puzzle ) yeah ... you need a book ? corey be it walk distance ? CHRIS I can take you . corey I think I would rather walk . ext . STREET - afternoon Corey and Chris stroll together along a quiet street . CHRIS so you guy be real close , huh . 42 . corey when I move to Virginia Sam be like the only person I could even stand to talk to . CHRIS how long have you be plannin ' you trip together ? corey not too long ... kind of a last minute thing . it be good timing , `cause I do not like to stay in one place for too long , ya know ? CHRIS huh ... corey I be really surprised when Sam want to come , actually . I just kinda bring it up one day , and she be down ... Corey reflect for a beat . corey ( cont 'd ) if it be not for I , she would still be alive right now . CHRIS you can not think like that . corey it 's true , be not it ? Chris do not respond . int . library , microfiche research booth - afternoon Corey and Chris sit before a screen in a cramped , dim booth near the back of the library . they stare at a microfilm article from 1988 about donnie darko' death . CHRIS that be Sam 's brother ? corey yeah . on the screen be a photograph of the darko house with many people gather in front of it . a jet engine be be lift away by a crane . 43. CHRIS her parent must be go through hell . corey Sam say once she wish it land on she room instead of donnie 's . Chris think on this . CHRIS I see something on Sam 's wrist the other night ... it look like a scar . corey she tell I it be from some accident . put she hand through a window or something . CHRIS do you believe she ? Corey do not answer . she pull up another article , one that chronicle a man who be impale by a metal pipe with no know origin ... a third article be about a little girl who be decapitate by a manhole cover that be inexplicably fly through the air ... CHRIS ( cont 'd ) God ... Chris be horrify . Corey be totally engross . she bring up a final article that tell the story of a boy who be crushed by a dumpster that fall from the sky . a picture show he leg stick out from under it like the wick witch of the East when dorothy 's house fall on she in munchkinland . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I do not understand why we be lookin ' at this stuff . corey they still never find a driver to that car that hit Randy ... I be stand right there . I do not see anyone . 44 . CHRIS I be pretty close too , but everything be all crazy . whoever it be must have jump out and take off . corey I find this book in Sam 's backpack last night . there 's a chapter where it talk about stuff like this happen . like a guy be kill by a arrow that nobody shot , and a swordsmith get kill by a sword he have not make yet . unexplainable thing , but it say there 's a reason why they happen . CHRIS a book ...? I do not get what you talkin ' about . what be the reason ? corey it do not say . Corey think , try to figure out the right way to express something ... corey ( cont 'd ) last night , and right before the accident , I see ... CHRIS what ? corey nothing . Corey sigh and turn back to the screen . corey ( cont 'd ) you already think I be a freak show . int . library , front desk - afternoon as Chris and Corey be on the way out , they notice Jeremy Frame at the counter check out a stack of book . in put they down , he accidentally drop half of they onto the floor . he look frazzle as he begin to pick they up , and he scratch compulsively at he left forearm ... 45 . I /e. dusty' garage / house - afternoon Chris and Corey pull up to dusty 's auto repair shop in Chris ' truck . they get out and start to walk up to the garage , but they be cut off by the unchain pit bull -- it 's growl and bark in a frenzy -- RUTH ( o.s. ) darielle ! the dog heel at the sound of the voice , and Ruth bolt out of the house and take she by the collar . she 's get a bandage over a cut on she forehead . RUTH ( cont 'd ) come to check on you car ? corey yeah ... heart still thumping in they chest , they follow Ruth into the garage ... corey' chevrolet be park in the same spot it be when she leave it the other day . the hood be propped open . RUTH Randy 's be a wreck since the accident . CHRIS he should be . he be drive around shit - face and somebody get kill . RUTH you can just fuck off ... she get right up in he face with such intensity that Chris retreat a step or two . RUTH ( cont 'd ) prima donna motherfucker think you shit do not stink ? Corey step in : corey she 's right ... Chris give she a look . corey ( cont 'd ) I mean , there 's nothing Randy could have do . 46 . Ruth turn and go into the house through a garage entrance . RUTH I will get my dad . the door slam shut behind she , and Corey and Chris glance at each other ... momentarily , dusty come out , a partially eat sandwich in hand . dusty get some bad news for you ... he walk they over to the car , finish off he sandwich and wiping he hand on he greasy jeans . dusty ( cont 'd ) you engine seize up when you water pump blow . corey I need a new engine now ? dusty I can get one in there for you . cost you about fifteen hundred . Corey 's face drop . corey I do not have anywhere near that much money . CHRIS that 's probably as much as the car 's worth . dusty I understand . but , I already order the water pump , and I will have to get pay for my time . that come to about three - hundred total . corey I do not have that much either . dusty be perturb . dusty you think I do this for charity ? 47 . CHRIS you do not do anything . what 's she want a water pump for if she do not have a engine ? dusty I see how it be ... couple a' punk . you do not plan to pay what you owe , you can get the hell off my property right now . Corey glare at he , furious , but Chris take she by the arm . corey ( under she breath ) asshole . CHRIS let 's go ... I /e. CHRIS ' truck / motel - afternoon Chris ' truck pull up in front of the motel and park . at the same time , Father homeijer and trudy come out of the front office carry a collection jar . as they approach the truck Chris slowly roll down the window . father homeijer good afternoon . trudy we be take collection to help rebuild mount Calvary after the tragic fire . father homeijer any small amount you could manage would really help . CHRIS sorry . Father homeijer and trudy look over to Corey in the passenger seat but she just stare back at they . father homeijer God bless you . they turn and walk away , and Chris roll he window back up . 48 . CHRIS everybody want something ' ... corey what about you ? CHRIS what do you mean ? corey you would not give I stuff and drive I around if you do not want something in return . CHRIS why not ? corey ` Cause that 's just not how it work . CHRIS maybe you be wrong about that . Corey nod , but still do not believe he . corey see ya . she get out , and Chris eye she as she walk to she room . int . motel room 15 - night Corey lay on she stomach in bed , she head bury in the philosophy of time Travel book . the television be on in the b.g. ( out of focus ) , play a repeat of the foreman grill infomercial ... suddenly , there be a slight tremor from outside and ripple run over the tv screen . Corey look around , take no notice of the odd change on the television -- instead of GEORGE foreman' voice , hulk hogan be heard promote the brand new hulkster grill ... just then , there be a knock at the door . she get up to answer it and find Randy -- he look distraught . randy do you hate I ? corey huh ? 49 . randy you think it 's my fault she 's dead . corey no ... randy you mean it ? corey yeah ... it be not you fault . Randy sigh as if a big weight have be lift . randy what 's that ? Corey look down and realize that she 's still hold the philosophy of time Travel book in she hand . corey oh , it 's just ... something of Sam 's . Randy nod . Corey toss the book onto the bed . randy you wanna get outta here for a while ? I get my dad 's car . I /e. randy'' dad' car / lookout - night randy'' dad' car navigate a dirt road up a wooded hill to a vantage point where the whole of El reno can be see . sparse light flicker over about 80 square mile of civilization . there be a few other vehicle park at the lookout , most contain couple with music play low . Randy pull into a more seclude clearing , away from the other car but still with a nice view . randy I have be comin ' up here since I be a kid . good place when you wanna just get away from everything . Randy push in a tape ( suggestion : River of deceit , by mad season ) , then take a joint from he pocket and spark it up . corey be Ruth you girlfriend ? 50 . Randy pass the joint to Corey and she hit it . randy naw , we be just friend . she 's pretty weird sometimes . too like ... intense , or something . corey seem like you guy be pretty close . randy yeah ... do not worry about Ruth . Randy take another hit and hold it in . corey do you ever have a hard time tell what 's real and what 's not real ? Randy exhales and look over at she , perplex . randy sometimes ... sometimes something can feel really real , but it 's just you mind play trick on you . corey I have get so much shit in my head right now ... I have never feel so outta control . I think I be really goin ' psycho . he pass she the joint . randy I get some acid from my buddy one time ... this like fly eagle pyramid shit . I take two hit , and man ... next thing I know I be on the floor , curl up in ball , and Mike and Jeff be just stand there lookin ' down at I . I could see this like glow grid cut through my brain , and I know when it get all the way through I would be this sketch out vegetable . I could picture my dad stare down at I in the hospital in my straightjacket , cry and shit ... Corey blow out a hit , captivate ... 51 . randy ( cont 'd ) the whole time my esophagus be like twist and turn in my throat and cut off my air supply ... it be terrible . corey Jesus . randy I can still slip back into it sometimes , but I know now that my brain be what 's make it real ... and that 's like a bless and a curse , man , `cause that mean you have to decide what 's real and what 's not . corey the thing that feel the most real right now be ... impossible . more like a dream . Corey pass he the joint and he stamp out the roach in the car 's ashtray . randy I know what you mean . the scariest part be think you be not the same person anymore . something 's change ... like you identity . corey what if the change be for the better ? Randy find a inhaler in he pocket and take a puff . randy that 's fuck up . corey I do not think I even care if I be crazy . Corey turn and look into he eye . Randy lean forward ... they be about to kiss , when -- corey ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? a dark shape scurries to a enclose area at the edge of the forest where there 's a tarp , some water bottle , can of food and a rifle ... 52 . it 's Vietnam Tom , and he 's bring some supplies to he new squatting ground . corey ( cont 'd ) that fuck guy again ... Randy and Corey both laugh , relieving the tension . but Tom 's proximity have spoiled the mood . randy let 's get outta here . int . randy'' house , live room - night Mike , Jeff and Ruth sit on a ratty couch in Randy 's live room , watch beavis and butt -head on MTV . some empty Beer can and a homeade bong litter a coffee table . when the front door open and Corey and Randy enter , none of they budge . as Corey and Randy walk to Randy 's bedroom , Ruth follow they with she eye ... int . randy'' house , bedroom - continuous Randy shut the door to he messy room . a tapestry hang from the ceiling . Corey be draw to a desk next to the bed . above it be a death shrine to kurt cobain -- magazine cutout , poster and ticket stub arrange decoratively . a large black &amp ; white poster show a close up of cobain' face be the centerpiece , and a sloppy bullet hole draw in red marker mark the center of he forehead . the word `I 'm not afraid of dying ' be scrawle across the bottom of the poster in the same bright red . corey this be cool . randy thanks . Randy put he hand on she hip , run they up she torso . Corey turn to face he ... they kiss ... ... and fall back onto the bed ... 53. int . randy'' house , bedroom - later - night a digital clock on Randy 's desk show 3:30 am . there 's a slight tremor and the number shift , change briefly to 01:10:23:08 , then back again to 3:30 . Corey wake suddenly from a nightmare . she sit up and look around , remember where she be . she discover Randy asleep by she side . she find a pile of clothes on the floor beside the bed and grab she shirt ... ... after she pull it on over she head , she freeze -- because billy moorcroft be stand right there in he birthday hat , stare at she . billy moorcroft only one day leave . Corey turn and look down to Randy . he 's still fast asleep . corey what be I suppose to do ? as soon as she utter she question she notice a silvery , liquid vector spear protrude from the center of she chest . billy be now go , but she spear beckon she out of the room , elongate to illustrate she path . Corey be in awe ... int . randy'' house , live room - night her spear lead she through the live room , and past the sleep body of Mike , Jeff and Ruth . follow she path lead she to step on ruth's foot as she go by ... Corey do not even notice , but one of Ruth 's eye pop open as she tread out the door ... ext . STREET - night Corey follow billy , who walk in the middle of the road about 15 yard ahead of she . the residential street be guard by great , old tree on either side . the dark sky above start to bend and warp , and a buckle in space - time materialize . there 's a simultaneous flash of lighting and sharp crack of thunder , and Corey look up to the vortex -- a massive , swirl maelstrom gape open like a tunnel to the inter - dimensional realm of darkest night . 54 . the void brighten , and ominous STORM cloud and torrential rain be visible within ... Corey peer up into the mouth of it and see dusty' house and auto repair shop be douse and beat by the STORM -- int . dusty' garage - night in contrast to the street , all be nearly silent in dusty 's garage . Corey watch as billy move along the perimeter without SOUND , ghostly ... jump cut and time cut . her chevrolet sit in the bay . some of the part have already be harvest -- the catalytic converter sit next to it on the floor . Corey approach a utility sink next to a shower in the corner ... billy moorcroft you can do it . corey how ? billy moorcroft it 's easy . Corey focus on the sink , and it begin to tremble . the pipe beneath it creak and moan . water start to bubble up from the sink drain , also in the shower ... billy stand atop she car , watch she . his perpetually morose expression transform into a smile . the sink basin suddenly crack from pressure . as Corey stare into the drain ... we plunge down into the pipe -- Pov of telekinetic ENERGY - inside the pipe we travel through meter and meter of dank piping until we hit the water MAIN . there 's a sound like a tidal wave crashing -- ext . STREET / dusty' garage / house - later - dawn -- water pour out from under the garage door down to the street . pull back to reveal -- 55 . the entire driveway and the street in front of the house be cover with water . FIRE truck , police car and a ambulance be gather in front of the property . angle : down the STREET Ruth run toward she house . when she turn a corner and it come into view , she stop dead in she track . her face show sheer terror -- because she father dusty be handcuff and be load into the back of a cruiser by Officer o'dell and another policeman , officer hine ... ... the pit bull struggle against it 's chain , growl and bark frantically . ... and billy moorcroft , half - naked , soaking wet and shiver , be wrap in a blanket and be tend to by paramedics . fireman # 2 lucky I hear he screamin' , else he woulda drown down there . Ruth keep to the shadow and slink toward a back door ... int . dusty' house , foot of the stair - dawn she sloshes through four inch of water and skip up the stair ... int . dusty' house , ruth's bedroom - dawn without turn on the light , Ruth desperately rifle through she closet until she find a shoebox . Inside it be several plastic bag -- some fill with marijuana , other with cocaine ... int . dusty' house , upstair bathroom - dawn hand shaking , Ruth dump a bag of coke into the toilet and flush it . the white powder disappear down the swirl spiral of cloudy liquid ... but the bowl do not refill . RUTH shit ! 56 . she begin to stuff the other bag down she pants ... ext . dusty' garage / house - dawn have deposit dusty in the back of the cruiser and shut the door , o'dell 's attention turn to a upstairs window of the house when he see movement . int . randy'' house , bedroom - morning Randy roll over in bed , open he eye to the new day . he look around for Corey , disappointed to find she go . int . department store - day Corey walk down a aisle of the department store . she find Chris assist a customer . customer I just check aisle three . CHRIS they be there . at the front , by the trapper keeper . the customer move off and Chris turn to find Corey stand beside he . corey I be outta cigarettes . ext . behind the department store - day Corey wait behind the store until Chris come out . she eagerly accept two pack . CHRIS D 'ya hear the news ? corey what ? CHRIS they find that billy moorcroft kid . he be at dusty 's house ... Corey be floor . 57 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) sick bastard have he lock up in the basement . I can not believe we be just over there yesterday . Corey can not help it ... a grin spread across she face . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I guess he 's gonna be okay - corey everything 's gonna be okay . Corey cut he off , and Chris look at she strangely . corey ( cont 'd ) I be not crazy . I think everything 's gonna be okay . int . motel room 15 - night Corey lay on she stomach in bed , study the philosophy of time Travel . the book be open to : chapter six - the live receiver ... the live receiver be choose to guide the artifact into position for its journey back to the primary Universe . no one know how or why a receiver will be choose ... she flip through the onion skin page to : chapter ten - the manipulate dead ... the manipulate Dead be more powerful than the live receiver . if a person die within the tangent dimension , they be able to contact the live receiver through the fourth dimensional construct ... Corey glance over at the closet mirror and see billy 's image reflect . she flip over and find he stand at the foot of the bed , clad in the same garb as all she vision . corey I already save you . billy moorcroft it 's not over . he point to the closet mirror ... she stare into she own reflection as billy disappear . her image start to fade as well , and then the surface of the mirror transform into a three - dimensional vision of a park . the focus be a swing set ... and one of the swing in particular , which rock slowly back and forth . empty . void of life . 58 . corey ( confuse ) why ? int . billy moorcroft house , dine room / den - day Inside billy moorcroft 's quaint , sanitary - look home be a small gather to celebrate he return . streamer hang over a table support a partially eat cake . a banner that read ` welcome home billy !' be drape across the archway connect the dine room to the den . billy mother ( 32 ) , with she fair complexion and dark hair , be a older female version of billy himself . as she bring a pot of coffee and a stack of cup into billy father ( 35 ) , billy aunt and uncle , and a child psychologist who be moderate ( 5as ; male ) in the de , she look as though she 's barely keep it together . child psychologist ( between bite of cake ) the place for billy to be right now be at home with he family ... billy 's mother interrupt as she set the coffee down . billy mother Excuse I . child psychologist oh , thank you . the psychologist accept a cup . child psychologist ( cont 'd ) it will take year for he to work through what happen , but the best way to open that door be to surround he with thing that be familiar ... billy 's mother pass she husband a cup , and they hold a long , painful moment of eye contact . int . billy moorcroft house , breakfast NOOK - moment later - day billy sit at a table in the sunny , hexagonal room . he wear the birthday hat , slack and collare shirt . 59 . he appear clean and groom , but he face and neck be marre by bruise and other abrasion . before he be a packet of colored pencil and some sheet of paper . his mother walk up behind he , and peek over he shoulder at the drawing that he 's work on . billy mother be you sure you do not want some more cake ? billy nod . his mother caress he head as she watch he color . after a moment she sit down in a chair beside he and try to get he attention . billy mother ( cont 'd ) billy ... I - before she can go on , she 's interrupt by the doorbell . billy never look up . I /e. billy moorcroft house , front door - day billy 's Father answer the door and find Corey . billy father only family and close friend be welcome here today . billy 's mother hover behind she husband , curious about and wary of the stranger . corey I understand ... I just want to say that I be sorry about everything that happen to billy . and I know it do not seem like it , but everything happen for a reason ... and it will all work out in the end . billy 's Father stare she down until she turn to leave uncomfortably . billy 's mother start to cry ... CUT back to : int . billy moorcroft house , breakfast NOOK - day ... the breakfast nook . billy be go . Left on the table be he complete drawing . it 's a neatly execute rendition of a swing set -- identical to the one from Corey 's vision in the closet door mirror . 60 . ext . park - day billy walk through the empty park , still wear he birthday hat . he make he way past a sand pit with a jungle gym . balance on one of the jungle gym 's bar be a prescription bottle ... billy pick it up . the name on the prescription be corey richardson . jump CUT to : the swing set . billy lean back as far as he can as momentum propel he body forward and back through space . he look up to the sky where supernatural black cloud be form ... he swing back and forth ... back and forth ... angle : park bench Corey sit nearby on a park bench , watch billy . he look back at she , show no sign of recognition ... jump CUT to : the swing . no longer a little boy sit in it . it dangle erratically from the rope , still grip by inertia ... pan down to the sandy ground below -- find the bottle of pill , now empty . billy 's unmove , OPEN hand ... ext . oklahoma highway 40 / EL reno exit - afternoon a tractor -trailer truck get off the highway and head into El reno . it 's load be a batch of beat up , old car . the jalopy be on the top rack , closest to the end ... ext . motel room 15 - afternoon Randy peek in the window of Corey 's motel room but see nothing . he pound on the door and call for she : randy Corey ... ext . intersection near department store - afternoon Corey arrive near the intersection where the accident take place . the black cloud overhead have become more vast and oppressive . a cold wind blow ... 61 . the tractor -trailer truck breach the crest of a hill and come into view , descend on the intersection . above it the cloud begin to transform and take the shape of a astronomical wormhole that reach down toward the earth ... ext . department store - afternoon Chris come outside and gaze up at the forebode sky ... ext . intersection near department store - afternoon as the tractor - trailer truck approach the intersection , Corey fixate on the jalopy on the back ... close angle : jalopy the chain that hold the junker in place shake and rattle ... ext . the ether - afternoon - Pov inside portal we plunge through the portal as it twist through the ether ... ext . intersection near department store - afternoon the wormhole extend down to the jalopy . gracefully . like a eel move through water , confidently pursue it 's prey ... mouth widen to swallow ... Corey be rivete . as it pass through the intersection , the tractor -trailer hit a pothole -- CUT to : key scene in reverse pill come out of billy mouth and into he hand -- he drawing of the swing set start to deconstruct -- ruth's cocaine fly out of the swirling toilet water -- dusty step backward out of the police cruiser -- ruth's eye close before corey' foot step off of hers -- 62 . corey step away from the kurt cobain poster with `I 'm not afraid of dying ' scrawled on it -- microfilm page flip backward -- picture of the darko family be put back into the philosophy of time TRAVEL book -- transition to : ext . randy'' car / STREET in front of department store - afternoon Sam be walk in front of the department store when Randy 's car pull up beside she . Corey stick she head out the passenger side window . corey what happen to you ? SAM what happen to I ...? where the hell have you be ? corey I crash at Randy 's . we just get food . want a burger ? SAM my stomach 's fuck up . jeff mike awww ... poor tummy ... Jeff and Mike taunt she from the back . Ruth leer . SAM ( cont 'd ) we gotta talk about what we be gonna do . corey do not worry about it so much . SAM the motel guy come to the room this morning - corey ( interrupting ) I do not give a fuck . SAM Excuse I ? 63. corey I say , i. do not. give. A. fuck ... she annunciate every word like a true bitch . corey ( cont 'd ) I be tired of listen to you whine about everything . giggles from the peanut gallery in the car . SAM Corey , you be still drunk . do not be a fuck - ass . jeff do she just call she a fuck - ass ? mike what 's a fuck - ass ? everyone crack up , include Corey . Sam be humiliate . she back away from the car , anger burn in she eye . Randy revs the engine , express he will to take off . corey see ya later , Sam . Sam say nothing , but watch as Randy 's car peel off toward the intersection . she 's confuse and hurt , freeze to the spot where she 's stand . as Corey stare back at Sam from the car , she smile fade ... int . randy'' car - continuous Corey turn to face the approach intersection . resolute . int . department store - afternoon Chris be at work , stock shelf inside the department store ... he check he watch , stop what he 's do and grab a pack of cigarettes from he breast pocket -- time for a smoke break . 64 . ext . intersection near department store - afternoon Randy 's car be stop at the red light . Sam stroll toward it ever so slowly . Jeff , Mike and Ruth gawk at she from the backseat . she slow down even more , have no interest in subjecting herself to any more of they mockery ... the light turn green , and Randy 's car peel across the intersection , make a leave . Sam 's still 10 or 15 foot away from step into the street ... she quicken she pace , almost there when -- ka - boom ! from out of nowhere a old jalopy sail right in front randy'' car ! he jerk the wheel -- and the jalopy hit on the front passenger side -- completely smash it in -- Sam spin when she hear the deafen crunch ... Randy careen into the opposite lane , and a oncoming car smack he dead on . the inertia from the oncoming vehicle plow he car into a FIRE hydrant by the side of the road . the hydrant go fly through the air like a bullet and skitter harmlessly across the intersection -- the world go silent . CHRIS run toward the destruction , dropping he cigarette ... water erupt like a geyser from the pipe where the hydrant used to be ... the jalopy be flipped over onto its side ... SAM stand peering at the wreckage ... the area of the car where corey be sitting be virtually nonexistent . she drop to her knee . int . police station - afternoon Sam sign she statement on Officer o'dell 's desk , she eye red and puffy from cry . o' dell sit face she . officer o'dell I just gotta ask you one more time ... you be sure you do not see a driver ? 65 . Sam shake she head no , and he take the statement from she . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) well , we will find he , one way or another . Sam nod in acknowledgement . o' dell see how much this have traumatize she . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) why do not you stop in and see Dr. Peters on you way out ... right down the hall there . she will give you something ' to make you feel better . ext . police station , back parking lot - afternoon Sam walk out of the police station and find herself in the secluded back parking lot . she hold a prescription for anti - depressant ... a pair of eye peek out of the bush close by -- it 's Vietnam Tom . he 's wear he ski mask and he 's get he rifle . he see Sam , but she do not see he . Sam well up with emotion , about to breakdown , and Tom watch she with empathy . it look as though he 's about to go to she when something stop he -- Chris come out the door . CHRIS you okay ? Sam be still too choke up to speak . Tom sneak away unnotice ... int . CHRIS ' truck - afternoon Sam sit in the passenger side of Chris ' truck and cry and cry . Major emotional release . Chris look like he want to say something , but do not have the word . I /e. CHRIS ' truck / motel - evening Chris and Sam pull up to the motel in he pick -up . they have go to get she prescription fill , and Sam have the bottle of pill in she hand . 66 . CHRIS I be really sorry , Sam . she do not respond . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) it 's horrible ... but sometimes this thing can happen for a reason . sometimes good can come of it ... growth , ya know ? SAM what the fuck be you talk about ? Sam 's benumb expression do not change , but she tone be caustic . CHRIS all I mean be , sometimes - SAM I know what you mean , and it 's bullshit . when someone die for no reason you can not just make one up to fill the void and make yourself feel better . it suck , and it fuck everything up , but it do not mean shit beyond that . CHRIS I be sorry , I - SAM you have obviously never lose anybody like I have , `cause if you do you would already know that . Chris do not try anymore . Sam immediately feel bad . SAM ( cont 'd ) thanks for the ride . she get out of the car and slog toward she room . int . motel room 15 - evening Sam swallow she pill with some water , and sit down on one of the full - size bed by she backpack ... she reach inside and pull out the philosophy of time TRAVEL book , by roberta sparrow . as she study the cover , she image be reflect by the closet door mirror . 67 . the angle of the mirror create double image reflection for other object in the room ... and Sam 's reflection be present in both of the pane . the digital clock / radio show 6:30 pm ... she look at the picture of her family tuck away inside the book : Sam with she mother and father ; Sam as a child with she sister and brother ; a old photo of the whole darko family together ... tear come to she eye as she focus on a image of donnie , and she put they all down . she touch the scar on the inner part of she right wrist ... she then glance down and notice that the book be open to : chapter nine - remnant . SAM remnant ... a portion of the text include : like dream that the manipulate can have after journey into tangent or fragmentary universe , sound and image may be transfer from one tangent or fragmentary Universe to another , as all corruption exist on relative cosmic plane ... ext . junkyard - night Sam wander through the junkyard clad in she hooded sweatshirt and jeans , with the makeshift bandage wrap around she right hand . the shard of metal protrude from the gash by she temple . sam' luminous Pov - the junkyard she see the junkyard as the phosphorescent destiny plane . dead car , machinery and pile of scrap metal glow as stationary object within the complex grid . a pair of rat follow they vector spear as they shimmy up the side of a rusty tractor ... Sam tread effortlessly through the darkness , past the heaps of junk toward the decrepit storage shack mark by the corrugate roofing ... angle : storage shack she stand before the shack , have discover Vietnam Tom . he squat in the darken corner of the scrappy shelter , and look back at she through the eyehole of a new mask -- 68 . he wear on he face the sculpture make of scrap metal , which have be form into the countenance of the monster bunny . SAM hi , Tom . I like you new mask . Tom tremble like the frighten animal he personify as Sam run she finger down one of the long , metallic ear , down to one of the sharpened incisor of the evil - looking grin ... SAM ( cont 'd ) be you scared ? as this contact be make the tarnish metal become transparent , and the neuron in tom' brain can be see send electric impulse , in turn releasing neurotransmitters and exciting other neuron ... SAM ( cont 'd ) I know you can hear I ... a portal form around the shelter like a giant cylinder , enclose they . Tom rise , afraid ... Sam take he hand ... the portal shrink and squeeze the wall until they bend inward , then begin to creak and rumble -- ext . beneath overpass - the next morning Sam awaken to a fierce rumbling overhead . it happen again , and when she look around she realize that she 's underneath a highway overpass in boxer short and a T - shirt , barefoot , lie on a flat area atop the cement slope that lead down to the road below . alarm by both the height and sanitation of she current position , she shift she body and start to slide down the slope ... once on even ground , she notice a brand new `95 BMW come toward she . SAM perfect ... Jeremy pull up next to she and roll down he window . jeremy Sam ? be you okay ? what be do ? SAM I be ... yeah , I be okay . 69 . Jeremy get out of the car and put he hand on she shoulder . jeremy you should not be out here like this . c'mon , get in . she allow herself to be lead to the passenger side ... int . jeremy' BMW - morning Sam lean she head back against the headrest as Jeremy drive . jeremy you do that a lot ? SAM I think it 's genetic or something . jeremy that 's interesting ... I have never hear of a specific genetic marker for sleepwalk . SAM it 's just that my brother use to do it too . jeremy he do not anymore ? SAM no . jeremy I think it 's more common in child . when do you brother stop ? SAM when he die . ext . field behind motel - morning some worker be in the process of rebuild the windmill . a man with a hose spray the side of the water tank in a attempt to wash off the burn mark resembling the nearly imperceptible image of the monster bunny's face ... 70 . I /e. jeremy' BMW / motel - morning Jeremy pull into the motel parking lot . Sam hesitates for a moment before get out . jeremy I hear about you friend ... Sam do not say anything , so he go on . jeremy ( cont 'd ) I be not gonna say anything ... but then I think I probably should , because if I do not , it might be inconsiderate . SAM well ... okay . thanks . a beat . jeremy so ... what be you gonna do ? SAM I do not know yet . Sam brushes she muss hair out of she face , still not want to go inside the motel room . SAM ( cont 'd ) do you believe that everything happen for a reason ? jeremy I know that for every action there 's a equal and opposite reaction . SAM yeah ... I learn that in science . jeremy and everything in the universe be in constant motion , as the universe be constantly expand ... SAM yeah , but do you believe that everything happen for a reason , like in life ? jeremy you mean like destiny ? 71 . Jeremy think on this for a moment . jeremy ( cont 'd ) I think everyone have a purpose . something they be mean to do . like potential , but more clear-cut . for instance , I be destine to get my hand on the meteorite . SAM really . jeremy I be make amazing discovery every day , practically sleep at the lab ... while he talk and become more excited he scratch nervously at he leave forearm . it draw Sam 's attention away from what he 's say . jeremy ( cont 'd ) I be still do some test , but there 's a metallic substance that 's not show up on the elemental chart - SAM what happen to you arm ? Jeremy stop scratch . a small area on the inner part of he wrist be RAW and red , partially scabbed over . jeremy it 's just a rash . Sam start to get out of the car . jeremy ( cont 'd ) Sam , wait . here ... he offer she a wad of cash . Sam hesitates . SAM but - jeremy I know you need it . it 's no big deal . she accept the money . SAM thank you . 72 . int . laundromat - day Sam shove a load of she wet clothes into a industrial dryer . she plug in some quarter , press the button , and sit back in a chair in front of the machine . as she stare into the whirling cylinder , she eye defocus and she go into a daze ... transition to : int . bedroom - night - close up - toy unicorn ariel , the stuffed toy unicorn spin on a rotating chair ... young samantha ( v.o. ) donnie ! donnie darko ( v.o. ) ( mocking ) the last unicorn , by samantha darko ! young samantha ( v.o. ) give it back ! donnie darko ( v.o. ) there be once a unicorn name Ariel ... the SOUND of crinkling paper . young samantha ( v.o. ) donnie ! you wrinkle it . donnie darko ( v.o. ) it 's not wrinkle Sam . just , ya know , flatten it in a book or something ... the chair be re-spun by a o.s. hand ... and the unicorn topple off onto the floor . back to : int . laundromat - day Sam snap out of she vision when she hear trudy and Father homeijer go around , ask for change . father homeijer any small amount you could manage would really help . they hover over a fat man , hold out the collection jar . 73. fat man piss off ... father homeijer God bless you . as they move down the line and approach Sam , she tense up . trudy be about to go into she spiel when she recognize she . trudy oh ... hello . she smile at Sam politely , try not to be too awkward . it do not work . aware of Sam 's financial situation , she give Father homeijer the hint to move on . he follow she lead . father homeijer ( to Sam ) God bless you . Sam watch as they move on to the next person , suddenly fill with sadness ... ext . payphone outside build - afternoon Sam stand outside at a payphone , listen to it ring ... someone on the other end finally pick up : rose darko ( v.o. ) hello ? when Sam hear she mother' voice , it bring tear to she eye . as if feel she emotion over the phone line , Rose can be heard start to whimper . rose darko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) samantha ? eddie darko ( v.o. ) ( in the background ) who be it , Rose ? rose darko ( v.o. ) ( crying ) be that you ?... if it 's you , please come home . eddie darko ( v.o. ) Rose ? although it look like she want to , Sam do not speak . 74 . ext . lookout , vietnam tom' squatting ground - night Vietnam Tom sit at he new squatting ground , look out over all of El reno . he peer at the twinkle light through he scrap metal bunny mask , and cradle he rifle in he arm like a soldier at rest . he slowly turn and see that Sam be sit right next to he , face the landscape . she wear she hooded sweatshirt , jeans and the bandage . the shard of metal be lodge in she forehead . SAM you wanna know what happen when you die ? Tom shake he head no . SAM ( cont 'd ) I wish it be I . she look at Tom . SAM ( cont 'd ) I really want ... to die . Tom aim he gun at she face ... he realize that a force field have form in between they , because when the barrel of the gun touch it , the barrier bend and become slightly opaque . Sam be expressionless . Tom 's finger tremble as he place it on the trigger . he aim down the gun 's sight , directly at Sam 's right eye , and see a phosphorescent grid take shape like a coordinate system on the force field . Sam 's eye be in the central quadrant ... Tom pull the trigger . time slow down . a liquid vector spear shoot out of the gun barrel . immediately after , a bullet be discharge and follow it ... the vector spear pass cleanly through the grid , but when the bullet reach it , the entire force field curve to accommodate the penetrate force ... the spear jut out until it nearly touch Sam 's eye ... but then it stop . the bullet catch up and freeze at the same spot , centimeter from she face -- 75 . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( disappointed ) not today . I /e. motel room 15 - day a hand bang on the door to room 15 ... after a beat , Sam open it . she 's get some makeup on , and have spend more time on she hair than usual . SAM ( surprised ) hi. Chris linger in front of the door , look slightly uncomfortable . CHRIS I just stop by to see how you be holdin ' up . SAM I be okay . CHRIS sorry about the other night ... I didn 't - SAM I be just upset . I should not have snap at you like that . Chris nod , grateful for she forgiveness . CHRIS so what be you still doin ' here ? I figure you woulda hop on a bus by now . SAM I be gonna be take off soon , I think . I just gotta figure some stuff out . it 's quiet here . CHRIS I do not know if you be doin ' anything later on , but ... he trail off when he hear a car pull up and park by he truck . he turn and see that it 's Jeremy in he BMW . 76 . SAM I be just on my way out . what be you gonna say ? CHRIS nothin' . SAM okay , well ... I will see you later ? CHRIS yeah , sure . he step out of the way so Sam can shut and lock the door . SAM bye . CHRIS bye . Chris stare down Jeremy as Sam get into he car and they drive off together . int . lab - day Jeremy turn on the overhead florescent light in the lab . there be rows of desk with microscope and some precision rock slicing equipment . as he walk to a desk near the back , he can barely contain he excitement . Sam follow , take note of a large rabbit in a extremely SMALL cage ... jeremy here 's my station . he unlock a drawer in the lower portion of the desk and retrieve a BOX contain a tiny slice of rock with a grid - like pattern of metallic crystal embed in it . SAM that 's it ? jeremy the rest be lock away somewhere else ... somewhere safe . everyone 's gonna want a piece of this thing pretty soon . he take it over to a scanning electron microscope and turn it on . he place the meteorite slice in the microscope 's vacuum column through a airtight door . 77 . jeremy ( cont 'd ) you ever see one of this ? SAM no . jeremy it 's a scan electron microscope . it use electron instead of light to scan the image . a black &amp ; white image appear on the microscope 's monitor -- it 's a geometric collage of all shape and shade . jeremy ( cont 'd ) at first I think it be a siderite , but then I see it be more than that . much more . it do have a percentage of nickel and iron in it as I first suspect . but it also have something else . he wait for Sam to take the bait . SAM and what 's that ? he point to cluster of bright white on the monitor . they shape be strangely different than the other surround they . jeremy a unrecognizable element . I have do all the test . it do not exist on the periodic table . Jeremy be practically beam . SAM so this be pretty major . jeremy this be history . I be think of call it framium . SAM framium ? jeremy for my last name ... Frame . 78 . SAM what if it 's like ... proof of some alien life - form from another galaxy or something . Jeremy 's tone become serious , and he start to scratch at he leave forearm as he talk . jeremy it 's very important you promise I you will not tell anyone else what I have show you . I have to wait till just the right moment . NASA , or some secret government organization could come in here and take it away from I ... as Jeremy get more work up , he scratch harder ... jeremy ( cont 'd ) and then later on , year from now , take credit for the discovery themselves . SAM I will not say anything . jeremy good . Sam stare at he for a long beat , as if examine he . SAM there 's this book I think you would like ... I get it from my physics teacher in high school . jeremy the study of physics have unravel some of the most profound mystery of the universe . SAM it 's call the philosophy of time Travel . jeremy time travel ? SAM yeah , but it 's not really that . it 's more like one scenario , or one type of scenario . I do not completely understand it ... 79 . Sam gaze at the cluster of white shape on the monitor . SAM ( cont 'd ) another mystery . jeremy what do you mean ? SAM my life seem to be full of they . jeremy Mystery be what make life interesting ... Sam do not agree or disagree . she 's become tense , because Jeremy 's face be now in close proximity to hers . jeremy ( cont 'd ) you be a mystery to I , samantha . he go in for a kiss , but Sam gently push he away . jeremy ( cont 'd ) ow ... Jeremy retreat , shield he leave arm . Sam look down and see that the red , raw area have turn into a much bigger rash , cover a large part of he wrist and extend onto he forearm . SAM that do not look good . jeremy I should get some hydrocortisone . he look pathetic , and Sam feel sorry for he . SAM ( regard the attempt kiss ) sorry about that . jeremy I be sorry . I should have know better . you barely know I , right ? SAM and nobody really call my samantha . just my mom and dad . Jeremy manage a smile , and Sam smile back . 80 . int . department store - afternoon Chris be at work , stock shelf inside the department store ... he check he watch , stop what he 's do and grab a pack of cigarettes from he breast pocket -- time for a smoke break . ext . intersection near department store - afternoon the tractor -trailer truck carry the jalopy breach the crest of the hill , descend on the intersection ... ext . department store - continuous Chris light up a cigarette ... CHRIS ' Pov - tractor -trailer truck he watch as the tractor -trailer hit the pothole , but pass safely through the intersection , make a right . something about the sight of this strike Chris so much that he cigarette fall out of he mouth . ext . neighborhood - day Father homeijer and trudy stroll down a quiet street with they collection jar , and arrive at a fork in the road . father homeijer you take this street , I will take that one ? without warning , trudy kiss he on the cheek . trudy good luck . Father homeijer blushes , but trudy smile at he in a friendly manner . they move off in separate direction ... ext . dusty' garage / house - day Father homeijer rap on the door of dusty 's house . no answer . 81 . int . dusty' garage - moment later - day the priest let himself into the garage , which be open but desert . he notice corey' chevrolet . he step up to the garage entrance and knock ... no one come to the door , but he notice that it 's slightly ajar . father homeijer dusty ? he can hear country music play low within . father homeijer ( cont 'd ) be you home , son ? he let himself inside ... int . dusty' house , kitchen - day Father homeijer walk into the dingy kitchen . the sink be full of dirty dish . a coating of grime over everything . int . dusty' house , live - continuous - angle on - pit bull the sleep pit bull stir ... int . dusty' house , kitchen - continuous the priest see that the country song be come from a stereo that sit on the kitchen counter . father homeijer ( call out ) dusty ? I would like to trouble you for a small donation ... the country song come to a close , and the tape run out . with the music go , the priest cock he head to a new sound -- soft , distant crying . he look curiously toward the cellar door ... [ note : the crying SOUND should be identical to the one that draw Corey out of the motel room . ] 82. int . dusty' house , basement - day Father homeijer slowly descend the rickety basement step . at the bottom , he find a string that connect to a bare overhead bulb ... he creep along the dusty cement floor , past a old washer / dryer , continue toward the source of the crying , which have become more pronounce . he wrinkle he nose at a foul smell ... father homeijer who 's there ? he round a corner , and when he see billy moorcroft he 's nearly freeze in shock -- the boy be lock inside a large , metal dog's cage . he sit on the floor of the cage , rock back and forth . he be pale , bruise and slick with sweat , clothed only in a pair of soiled brief . beside he be a aluminum water BOWL and some scrap of white bread . the floor beneath he be soak with urine and scattered fece . Father homeijer make the sign of the cross . ext . dusty' garage / house - later - day dusty 's place be surround by FIRE truck , police car and a ambulance . billy moorcroft be wrap in a blanket and be tend to by paramedics . Father homeijer stand near the boy , be interview by a detective . dusty be handcuff and be load into the back of a cruiser by Officer o'dell and another policeman , officer hine ( 28 ) . officer o'dell get in there , you sick fuck ... dusty say nothing as o'dell shove he in and slam the door ... the two officer turn when they see randy'' dad' car pull up next to the property . Randy be in the driver 's seat , look confuse . Ruth hop out of the passenger seat and dart toward the house -- -- but she be cut off and grab by a policeman . another officer go to talk to Randy in the car . 83. wheel turn , o'dell address hine : officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) ( regard dusty ) let he rot in there for a few minute , maybe till the news guy show up ... I be gonna go finish checkin ' upstairs . int . dusty' house , ruth's bedroom - day o' dell let himself into Ruth 's bedroom . it 's a mess -- she clothes be all over the floor , and crinkle rock poster litter the wall . next to she bed be a framed picture of she and Randy . o' dell start to rifle through she desk drawer , one after another -- he toss the closet , throw out clothes and shoe ... until he find the shoebox . he open it up , satisfied ... angle : outside the bedroom door Officer hine stand by the door , look in at o'dell covertly . int . motel room 15 - morning Sam lie in bed in front of the television . a news bulletin come on about billy 's moorcroft 's rescue : television anchor we have a update this morning on we break news of billy moorcroft , the El reno youth who be kidnap over 15 month ago , and rescue yesterday afternoon by Father homeijer of mount Calvary Church . billy 's condition at this time be consider stable ... Sam stare at the television , dumbfounded . the news cut to the scene of the rescue , where Father homeijer be be interviewed : field reporter Father , what lead you to this particular house on this particular day ? 84 . father homeijer I be out collect donation in order to help rebuild my church , mount Calvary , which recently burn down . clearly the Lord work in mysterious way . this be nothing less than divine intervention ... ext . motel - morning as Sam 's walk away from the motel , she look up to the sky at a passing jet ... agatha ( v.o. ) no matter how well you think you know somebody , you just never really know ... int . diner - morning Sam sit at the booth where she and Corey sit before , and agatha set down a glass of orange juice . agatha dusty gibben have be comin ' in here for coffee ever since I can remember ... give I the shiver . Ted pipe up from behind the counter : ted they should hang guy like that . only thing bother I be how many of `em be still out there ... Chris enter the diner and catch the end of Ted 's rant . ted ( cont 'd ) hang `em all . agatha ( to Sam ) I will be right back with you breakfast . as agatha move off , Chris see Sam and approach she table . CHRIS May I ? SAM sure . 85 . CHRIS I guess you hear . SAM yeah . CHRIS it 's so mess up ... I feel bad that I recommend he now . agatha notice that Chris have sit down with Sam . agatha what can I get you , honey ? CHRIS uh ... sausage , egg , coffee , please . agatha White or wheat ? CHRIS wheat toast , please ... he refocus he attention back on Sam . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) if I have kid , I would be worried sick about `em in a world like this . I be sure you parent must be . SAM hey , you could have be some crazy rapist serial killer . agatha be there with he coffee just in time to hear this last part . she give Chris and Sam each a odd look before set the coffee down and leave . SAM ( cont 'd ) you turn out okay . CHRIS yeah , but everybody do not . SAM I can take care of myself . CHRIS I be sure you can ... but I would not feel right if I do not tell you about Jeremy . 86 . SAM what about he ? CHRIS I do not know what you have goin ' with he ... but you should not be hangin ' around he . let 's just leave it at that . SAM what make you think you can tell I who I can and can not hang around with ? CHRIS it 's just that I know he better than you do . he live in my neighborhood when we be kid . SAM so ? CHRIS so he use to do weird stuff ... to animal . Sam wait for he to go on . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) my sister lose she pet rabbit once , and we go all over the neighborhood lookin ' for it . we be just about to call it quit when we hear something comin ' from Jeremy 's garage . he would stick it in a trash can and put the lid on . Sam look shocked and a little disgust . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) it be half starve by the time we get it home . die just a few day later . SAM how old be he ? CHRIS I do not know , just a couple year . cute little black and white - SAM no. Jeremy . 87 . CHRIS he be like nine , probably . SAM he be just a kid , he do not know what he be do . CHRIS when you be nine year old do you know it be wrong to put a live creature in the trash can and leave it there ? Sam 's have enough . SAM Chris ... you be a nice guy , but you do not have to be look out for I . you be not my dad , you be not my big brother ... Chris hang he head , frustrated . int . jail cell - afternoon o' dell stand at the bar of dusty 's jail cell . dusty lie on he cot and stare up at the ceiling . officer o'dell you know what they do to faggot - ass pervert like you in maximum security , dontcha ? o' dell chuckle , enjoy this immensely . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) disgusting fuckin ' piece a ' shit like you ... ext . police station , back parking lot - evening o' dell , now dress in plainclothes , be on the way to he car in the far corner of the back lot . he hear someone come out the door behind he , but do not turn until he hear he voice . officer hine hey , o'dell ... officer o'dell I be on my way out ... what do you need ? 88. hine catch up with he and they walk and talk . officer hine I be not gonna bullshit ya . officer o'dell okay ... officer hine I see you snatch the drug outta that house . o' dell 's face grow cold but he do not slow he pace . officer o'dell I do not think I know what the hell you be talkin ' about . officer hine do not bullshit I either ... hine grab he shoulder to stop he . o' dell eye he hand . officer hine ( cont 'd ) I do not wanna turn you in . officer o'dell then what do you want ? officer hine how much you think you will get when you unload it ? o' dell keep cool , but resent be muscle . officer o'dell depend . officer hine I will take forty percent this time , but from now on it 's fifty - fifty . officer o'dell what do you mean from now on ? officer hine I get a pretty good idea this be not the first time you do this . wo not be the last , will it ? hine extend he hand and smile . o' dell shake it . grudgingly ... 89 . after hine turn on he and jog back to the station house , o'dell kick the ground angrily . officer o'dell shit ! when he look up , he 's startle by a pair of eye that peer from the bush nearby . upon closer inspection , he see that it 's Vietnam Tom in he ski mask . nervous about how much he 's hear , o'dell take a aggressive stance . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) come on outta there . now ! he become tense when Tom emerge , because he see that he 's get he rifle . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) what the fuck you doin ' carryin ' that around in the town proper ? o' dell realize that he 's not hold it in a threaten manner , but cradling it in he arm . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) Hand it over . right now ! Tom step toward he ever so slowly . o' dell reach out and Tom hand he the gun , stock first . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) I should arrest you and throw you in jail , you know that ? crazy sonofabitch ... Tom look at the ground , hunch over meekly . officer o'dell ( cont 'd ) get the fuck outta my sight . o' dell look around as Tom shuffles off , make sure no one witness the transaction . ext . lookout - sunset Sam trudge up the wood hill to the vantage point , carry the philosophy of time Travel book . it 's quiet and peaceful , and everything 's bath in golden light . 90 . ext . lookout , vietnam tom' squatting ground - sunset she come upon Tom 's new squatting ground in a secluded area near the lookout , and look around before approach . when she see the handmade bunny mask lie among he thing , she put the book under she arm and reach down to pick it up . she run she finger down the long , shiny ear , nose , and jag tooth ... she do not realize that Tom be stand close behind she . when she sense he presence she 's startle . SAM sorry ... she set the bunny mask down where she find it . Tom say nothing . he seem neither surprised nor irritate to find she there . he walk up beside she and sit , face the view . after a long beat , Sam sit down beside he . to she surprise , Tom begin to speak : vietnam tom my mom tell I someday everybody would understand . she say it be my job to look out for the town ... so that 's what I do . that 's what I always do . Sam listen to he intently . vietnam tom ( cont 'd ) they do not know why . they do not even want I here , but I still have to protect they . SAM they be lucky to have someone to protect they . vietnam tom I be use to it ... I be lucky to have a job to do . some people do not have any reason to be here at all . SAM I know what you mean ... Tom turn and look at she strangely . 91 . vietnam tom you be more important than all of we . Sam peer into Tom 's pale blue eye through he ski mask . without know why , she reach out and touch the mask ... when she start to pull it off Tom grab she hand , stop she -- not too rough , but forceful . Sam 's scared for a moment , but Tom let she go . his eye drift down to the philosophy of time Travel book by she side . Sam see he stare , so she pick it up and hand it to he . when Tom see the cover , he cold eye be fill with emotion . Sam see how strike he be , but do not understand . SAM do you like to read ? Tom say nothing . SAM ( cont 'd ) you can borrow it ... again , Tom do not speak . after a beat , Sam get up slowly and walk away , leave Tom with the book . int . department store - day Jeremy be at the department store in the first aid section , pick out some gauze and disinfectant . when he look down the aisle and see Sam , he move toward she quickly ... he disturb she while she 's look at some feminine hygiene product . jeremy Sam ... when he see the item that she 's shopping for , he seem much more embarrassed than she do . SAM oh , hi Jeremy . jeremy hi ... sorry . SAM that 's okay , what 's up ? 92 . jeremy nothing ... just that I have not see you around for the past few day . I be worried . I think you might have take off . SAM no ... I have be around . go for lot of walk . jeremy I stop by the motel . Sam find he manner a bit odd . SAM like I say , I have be in and out . jeremy well , there 's something I want to ask you . you know that book you mention ? SAM yeah ... jeremy I would really love to check it out . SAM oh ... Sam 's face darken , and Jeremy pick up on it . jeremy you say you would show it to I sometime , and I have get a hunch it could really help I in some of my study related to - SAM I do not have it anymore . jeremy what ? SAM I kind of ... give it to someone . jeremy to who ? why ? 93. SAM I be sorry . I just ... forget that I say you could borrow it , and this guy - jeremy what guy ? SAM well ... that Vietnam Tom guy . Jeremy be furious . jeremy Vietnam Tom !? you give away the book to Vietnam Tom !? Sam back away from he . he 's get louder and out of control . jeremy ( cont 'd ) I do not fuck believe what you be tell I ! SAM it 's just a book ... jeremy he 's a fuck bum ! and you choose he over I !? SAM no ... I just - suddenly , a hand come down on Jeremy 's shoulder . he turn and find Chris stand behind he . CHRIS that 's enough . Sam be relieved . Jeremy glare at Chris . jeremy this be none of you business . CHRIS it be , actually . you be disturbing my customer . get out . Jeremy brushes past Sam as he leave , and she and Chris be leave alone . there 's a definite " I tell you so " aura . 94 . SAM ( muttering ) you do not have to do that . CHRIS just doin ' my job . Sam start to walk away , at first forget the product she need . she come back to get they , slightly flustered . Chris turn and leave she in peace . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( as he 's walk away ) you be welcome . int . father homeijer' house , live room - afternoon Father homeijer and trudy be sit on the couch in the live room of he quaint house , share a bottle of champagne . trudy I never have any doubt in you , or in the Lord . father homeijer I know that . and we both truly appreciate all you faith and hard work ... they sip they champagne . trudy glow . father homeijer ( cont 'd ) we need a miracle , but we get two instead . trudy grab the bottle and try to refill he glass , but the priest put he hand over it . father homeijer ( cont 'd ) I think I have have enough . trudy one more glass will not hurt you . you deserve it , Father ... I /e. o'dell car / abandoned warehouse - night o'dell car pull up to a old warehouse and park . officer hine where the hell be they ? 95 . hine be nervous . he light a cigarette . officer o'dell they will be here . just take it easy . ext . department store - late night Tom wear he metal bunny mask . Sam wear she hooded sweatshirt and jeans , and she right hand be bandaged . the metal shard be embed under the skin of she forehead ... they move slowly and methodically until they reach the center of the empty lot . there be light on in the close department store , but the parking lot be mostly dark . vietnam tom why do you talk to I ? tom' voice be muffled behind he mask . SAM same reason you talk to I ... Tom cock he head , unsure of the answer . SAM ( cont 'd ) because I can see how special you be . vietnam tom why can not other people ? SAM they will . only one day leave . they both turn toward a area in the lot where the shopping cart be store . the metal storage rack start to tremble and burn with cosmic ENERGY ... int . father homeijer' house , live room - afternoon Father homeijer finish he glass of champagne . trudy be already do with hers , and she take he glass and set it on the coffee table . she move closer to he on the couch ... father homeijer trudy ... she put she hand on he leg . 96 . trudy I see the way you look at I , Father ... she move in closer ... he look uncomfortable . trudy ( cont 'd ) I want you too . she 's about to kiss he , but Father homeijer stop she . trudy ( cont 'd ) I can not do this . I be a man of the cloth ... and you would regret it . he take she by the hand , remind she of the wedding band on she finger . ext . department store - late night shopping cart start to roll out of the rack by themselves , follow they own liquid vector spear . Tom stand stare at they . he be flanke by Sam ... ext . abandoned warehouse - night Officer hine walk to the edge of the wood beside the warehouse and unzip he pants ... angle : o'dell car with glove hand , o'dell grab vietnam tom' rifle out of the trunk ... int . father homeijer' house , live room - afternoon trudy 's head be bury in she hand and she bawl . trudy I feel like such a idiot ... Father homeijer do not know what to say . ext . abandoned warehouse - night hine finish relieving himself and come out into the open from the side of the building . o' dell be wait for he . 97 . officer hine what the fuck - boom ! o' dell shoot he in the chest . he be cool and calm . he throw the rifle down on the ground ... ext . department store - late night the shopping cart whirl in a circle of ever- increase speed around Vietnam Tom and Sam . the rubber wheel squeal on the cement until they start to melt ... the vector spear lead the cart in a spiral that hone in closer and closer to the two of they . Sam be stoic . Tom be in awe ... ext . the ether - night - Pov inside portal we travel at breath -taking speed through a portal as it weave through million of star , then a atmospheric barrier ... ext . department store - late night when it look like they will be crush by the scudd metal , or combust by the cosmic energy , the worm -like portal from the sky reach down and enclose Tom and Sam like a vacuum . there 's a brilliant flash of light -- transition to : ext . department store - the next morning CHRIS ' truck pull into the lot early in the morning , and he get out wear he work uniform . still groggy , he 's about to walk into the store when something catch he eye ... crane up to find a structure make of all the shopping cart , as chill and impressive as a crop circle , in the shape of a immense fibonacci spiral . the metal of the cart have be fuse together , and they be stack in a ascend manner that reach a apex in the center , like a cone . Chris be mystify ... CUT to : ext . STREET - day two police cruiser speed down a street in town ... 98 . ext . park - afternoon cop , include Officer o'dell , converge on Vietnam Tom in the park , where he sit on the swing in he ski mask ... cop # 1 get down on the ground ! Tom look up at they calmly , without fear . cop # 1 ( cont 'd ) get down on the ground , now ! he obey they and two cop jump on he and put he in cuff . one of they pull up he head and rip off he ski mask -- Tom 's face be a mass of scar . both he cheek , forehead and chin be marre by scar tissue bear from long , deep gashes . o' dell look into he sad , blue eye ... int . police station , various - afternoon Tom be slam against a table . a officer take he hand roughly and stick he finger into some ink to take he print -- jump CUT to : policeman ( v.o. ) name ? Tom stand for he book photo -- jump CUT to : policeman ( cont 'd ) ( get angry ) what 's you name ? the policeman stand over Vietnam Tom , who sit defeat in a chair . a young officer approach . young officer we find this on he ... he pass the policeman a set of dog tag on a chain . the name on the tag be : thomas ward sparrow . ext . motel - evening Sam walk toward the motel , wear jeans and a t-shirt ... when she see jeremy' BMW park in the lot she stop short . but it 's too late -- he 's already see she and be get out of the car . he 's get a bouquet of flowers . 99 . jeremy hi , Sam ... he pass she the flower . jeremy ( cont 'd ) I hope you can forgive the way I act . SAM that be pretty weird . jeremy I know . I just ... Jeremy be awkward and shy . jeremy ( cont 'd ) I have be so wrap up with the meteorite . I have not be eat or sleep much . I think I be just drain ... but that 's no excuse . SAM it 's alright . jeremy I be wonder if you would let I make it up to you . SAM you do not need to - jeremy please ... let I take you to watch the firework tonight . SAM I do not think so . jeremy it 's gonna be spectacular . there 's gonna be a meteor shower that coincide with the show ... I mean , how often do that happen ? Sam still be not sure . jeremy ( cont 'd ) I just wanna be you friend . SAM I be suppose to see `em with Chris , but ... he 's stick at work . 100 . jeremy so , what do you say ? will you go with I ? SAM gimme a sec . lemme grab my sweatshirt ... Jeremy beam . ext . department store - evening Chris be in the department store parking lot with a crew of employees . they work together to pry apart the numerous shopping cart with crowbar . they have make some progress , but still a long way to go . Chris be distract by jeremy' BMW as it cruise through the nearby intersection ... after it pass , Chris look up at some ominous cloud congregate in the darken sky . from the cloud above the store -- pan down to find : ext . lookout - evening the lookout , and Jeremy 's car riding up the hill . there be other car park to watch the upcoming display , but Jeremy drive to a more seclude area ... ( Music suggestion : 4th of July , by soundgarden . ) ext . wooded grove nearby - evening Jeremy spread a blanket on the ground of a private grove . he wear a light jacket , and set down a grocery bag . Sam have she hooded sweatshirt tie around she waist . SAM should not we go back out there where we can see ? jeremy no , this will be perfect . see right there ? he point to a area near the top of the tree . jeremy ( cont 'd ) that 's right where the firework will come up . ( more ) 101 . jeremy ( cont 'd ) and we can see the meteor better without all the light from the town . Sam sit down on the blanket and check she watch . Jeremy poke around in the grocery bag . SAM so what 's in the bag ? jeremy you will see ... Sam take she hooded sweatshirt from around she waist and put it on to fight the cold ... jeremy ( cont 'd ) there 's one ! Sam spot a meteor as it streak across the sky -- ext . wooded grove nearby - later - night jeremy' hand hold a flaring roman candle -- jeremy ( o.s. ) here it go ! a sparkling GREEN ball shoot out of the stick into the air . Sam look up at it and smile . Jeremy shoot off colorful ball after ball , aim in different direction . SAM they be pretty . after he stick fizzle out : jeremy you wanna try one ? Sam shrug ... he grab another out of the grocery bag , and Sam get up slowly . he pass she the roman candle , and she accept it with she right hand ... jeremy ( cont 'd ) just hold it straight up . Sam hold it and Jeremy flick he lighter . the wick catch ... jeremy ( cont 'd ) it 's goin ' ! 102 . Sam smile and hold the stick as far away from she face as possible . she close she eye ... but the wick burn down extremely fast . the first ball get stick at the top and implode , cause the whole thing to catch fire . SAM ow ! jeremy Drop it ! he run over and stamp it out as quickly as he can ... jeremy ( cont 'd ) Fucking faulty one ... Sam nurse she burn hand . jeremy ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? SAM I think so ... Jeremy inspect she hand -- there 's a large blister . jeremy you need to get that cover ... Jeremy take off he jacket . he then remove he T-shirt and start to tear off a piece . SAM what be you do ? jeremy it 's okay ... ext . bank - night the bank sign show 8:59 pm . the display flash to : JULY 4 , 1995 ... it change to the countdown : 00 day , 00 hour , 00 minute , 03 second ... 02 second ... 01 second ... ext . wooded grove nearby - night Jeremy finish wrapping the piece of he T-shirt around Sam 's hand , create the makeshift bandage . 103 . jeremy how 's it feel ? SAM a little better ... the firework suddenly begin , and fill the sky above the grove with burst of bright , multi-color light . sporadic meteor rain down at the same time . it 's magnificent . after a beat , Sam look over at Jeremy ... the firework illuminate he torso , and she be appal to see that the raw , reddish rash have spread to cover the great part of it . SAM ( cont 'd ) good God ... Jeremy look down as if he would forget , then quickly pick up he jacket and put it back on . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( alarm ) be that from the meteorite ? jeremy I barely even notice it anymore . I be sure it will go away soon . he zip up he jacket tight . SAM be you fuck kid I ? jeremy do you think I be disgusting ? the question take Sam by surprise . SAM no ... I just think you should get it look at - before Sam can finish , Jeremy cram he mouth into hers for a forceful kiss ... Sam shove he away sharply . SAM ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you do ? 104 . jeremy so you do find I disgusting . which be it , Sam , I can not take much more of this shit ! SAM Jesus Christ ... he try to grab she , but Sam turn and run -- jeremy come here ! ext . wood - night Sam tear through the wood , Jeremy close behind she . the firework crack and pop in the sky above ... jeremy Sam ! stop ! Sam jump over a fall log in the dark ... Jeremy hit it dead on with he shin and go head over heel -- jeremy ( cont 'd ) fuck ! he pick himself up and charge even faster -- int . jail cell - night Tom sit alone in he jail cell , morose , stare at the floor . he look up when he sense someone approach ... ext . lookout , vietnam tom' squatting ground - night Sam sprint by the area of Vietnam Tom 's squatting ground . firework continue to explode and shower overhead , and some people can be heard laughing and shout from the main parking area , not far away ... Sam run toward the voice -- but Jeremy grab she from behind and spin she around ! SAM why be you do this ? jeremy I just wanna talk to you ! 105 . she struggle against he grip . the explosion and the ruckus from crowd mask they noise . jeremy ( cont 'd ) stop it ! Sam raise she knee and connect hard with he groin . he start to double over , but recover quickly and smack she across the face -- jeremy ( cont 'd ) Fucking bitch ! Sam be stunne , and Jeremy take she by the shoulder and shove she hard -- Sam stumble backwards and fall , crack she head on the metal bunny mask . she roll over onto she back , revealing the shard of metal that protrude from the gash by she temple ... she struggle no more . int . jail cell - night Tom stand in he cell to meet the entity that approach ... ext . department store - night Chris and the other employee stop work and look up at the sky , now roiling with sinister , supernatural cloud ... ext . lookout , vietnam tom' squatting ground - night Jeremy slowly creep to where Sam lie ... her eye be open and she be completely still . jeremy Sam ?... Jeremy crouch beside she , and when he put two finger to she neck to feel for a pulse , he start to tremble ... the raining meteor and firework illuminate the smoke and the black cloud overhead ... int . jail cell - night Vietnam Tom walk up to the cell bar ... he come face to face with Sam . 106 . she stare back at he through the bar from the other side . she wear she hooded sweatshirt and the bandage . Light glint off the metal lodge in she head wound . I /e. jeremy' BMW / lookout - night Jeremy speed frantically down the hill , away from the parking area and the continue firework display . tear stream down he cheek ... he cut the wheel when a pair of headlight blind he and a vehicle cut he off . his car skid out , and he see it 's CHRIS ' truck that have almost hit he . Chris jump out , yank open Jeremy 's door and grab he by the shirt collar . he yell over the firework : CHRIS where the hell be Sam ? jeremy ( frantic ) I do not know ... I do not know ... Jeremy stomp on the gas pedal , and Chris be force to unhand he as he BMW navigate around the truck and barrel down the hill ... ext . lookout , vietnam tom' squatting ground - later - night as Chris approach Vietnam Tom 's squatting ground , the firework display be in the midst of the grande finale . shower of light burst and crackle in steady succession . people scream in approval from the parking area nearby ... Chris come upon Sam 's lifeless form . CHRIS no ... he stoops by she , pick she up and hug she limp body close ... as he do this , Vietnam Tom approach from behind he . Chris turn to face he but say nothing , still hold Sam . the wind pick up and blow in gust around they ... Tom look down at the two of they for a moment , then reach down and pick up he bunny mask . the evil grin be red with sam' blood , and one of the tooth be miss ... 107 . the last of the firework display occur , leave the night full of smoke , hellish cloud and a increase number of bright - tail meteor -- the apocalypse . amongst the churn cloud , a tornado - like portal cut through the sky and touch down somewhere in the town . it 's swirl and vast , stretch down from limitless space ... SAM ( v.o. ) 15 day ... 18 hour ... Tom put on the bunny mask ... SAM ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) vietnam tom 45 minute ... 6 second ... 45 minute ... 6 second ... and focus on a single meteor that plummet toward the yawn vortex , use telekinetic power to guide it ... ext . the ether - night - Pov inside portal the meteor blaze through the wormhole -- key scene in reverse the bar to the jail cell straighten -- the word ` thomas ward sparrow ' be lifted from the book slip -- shopping cart swirl in a deconstructing spiral -- o'dell give tom back he rifle -- father homeijer place billy moorcroft back in he cage -- SAM pick up the payphone -- the church rebuild itself out of flame -- the three cross in imitation of calvary right themselves -- sam' face dip beneath the surface of randy'' pool -- transition to : ext . bank - night the clock on the bank sign show 3:30 am -- then flash to -- JUNE 19 , 1995 ... it change again , this time to a countdown to the JULY 4th firework celebration : 15 day , 17 hour , 29 minute , 57 second ... 56 second ... 55 second ... 108 . int . motel room 15 - night Sam awaken suddenly from a nightmare . she lie atop the blanket wear a t-shirt and boxer short . she look over and see Corey pass out on the other full - size bed . two plastic cup , empty soda can , and the bottle be on the nightstand between they , the liquor partially consume . the clock / radio read 3:30 am . ext . windmill platform - night Vietnam Tom sit atop the platform , more than 30 foot up , wear he ski mask and hold he rifle . the surface of the platform be litter with tatter clothing , a water bottle , can of food and scrap of a tarp . relaxed and at peace , Tom look up to the clear night sky . as a tremor start to build , he take off he ski mask and gaze out over he town ... he smile . suddenly , there 's a brilliant flash of GREEN light -- deafen thunder -- a blind explosion -- CUT to : character montage dusty sit and stare at he cellar door ... trudy hold a picture of father homeijer and cry ... Ruth snort some coke in she room ... Jeremy scratch he left forearm in he sleep ... billy moorcroft shiver from the chill in he cage ... Officer o' dell sit alone in he patrol car , finger the trigger of he pistol ... transition to : ext . field behind motel - the next morning where the tower windmill once stand be now only a crater about 5 foot deep and 10 foot in diameter , with char bit of wood and metal strewn everywhere . Ground water spurt from the break well seal . a cantaloupe-sized meteorite sit in the center of the crater ... two firemen haul out the meteorite as Sam and o'dell arrive on the scene . there be paramedics , a coroner and other policemen there as well , and a large area have be cordon off with police tape . 109 . Corey be there look on , as well as Chris Holt , phil coulter , and other local citizen . tom' remains be carry off in a black bag ... SAM oh my God ... Sam move to stand by Corey . the overall mood be grim , and Frank stand peer at the wreckage with a long face . frank I do not believe it ... the firemen drop the porous , misshapen clod by he foot . frank ( cont 'd ) this be just a tragedy . Officer o'dell step up beside he and kick the meteorite with he boot . officer o'dell sell that thing off to some meteorologist nerd club , I bet you could do okay . frank do I look like the type of guy that 's gonna try and profit off another man 's death ? you should be ashamed of yourself . officer o'dell ( embarrassed ) I be just sayin ' ... Sam look down on the ground and see Tom 's multi-color ski mask ... she pick it up . corey what be you do ? as she caress the fiber with she finger , she be fill with unwarranted emotion ... ext . motel - morning Sam and Corey be on they way back to the motel room when they turn and see that Chris have follow they . 110 . CHRIS hey ... SAM hey . CHRIS so you guy stay here last night ? corey one of we do . Sam give Corey a look . Chris decide to ignore the comment . CHRIS what 's up with you car ? corey it 's gonna take a couple day . CHRIS for a water pump ? Sam and Corey shrug . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) it 's none of my business , but ... he 's distract when jeremy' BMW pull up and park . he hop out and hustle across the field toward the crash site ... SAM what ? Chris regains he train of think : CHRIS I be just gonna say , if you want , I could give you a ride back . he look right at Sam when he say this . he then glance over at Corey , as if just remember that she be there . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) you too . I mean , I could give you both a ride . corey to middlesex , Virginia ? do you - SAM ( interrupting ) I will go . 111 . corey ( pissed ) what ? SAM I think I wanna go . corey thing get a little tough , you be just gonna give up ? SAM it 's not like that ... you should come too . corey fuck that . I will wait for my car and stick to the plan . do whatever the fuck you want . Corey turn and go inside the room . SAM Corey ... Sam look back to Chris , who be uncomfortable for cause the conflict . CHRIS sorry to screw you guy up . SAM it 's alright . she can take care of herself ... she 's good at it . I have gotta go home . int . franks barn - day the meteorite sit in a dark corner of the barn , collect dust ... int . CHRIS ' truck - day Sam lean she head against the window of Chris ' truck as they cruise along the highway ... she gaze up at the bright , open sky . the end