s.w.a.t. by George huang base on th : Television Series _ of the same name '' y G mevision by ron mita and Jim mcclain lem dobb Chris Morgan Craig fernandez current revision by . eivet | David ayer CO ext . broadway boulevard - day the jewelry District in downtown L.A. neon sign splatter light across rack waterfall with gold . oddly no one be out and about . something major happen . empty sidewalk glisten with glass from bullet shattered window . Police car everywhere . block the street . yellow tape . angle on oro fantasia -- a jewelry store where four bad guy be trap . on the phone with the cop . the barricaded robber seem cooperative , calm . barricaded robber ( v.0 . ) we wanna come out . I will go back to the joint and do my time like a man . camera find -- a darkened window in the opposite build push in -- a swat sniper have carefully create a camouflage nest , tuck away , ready . barricaded robber ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we afraid to come out . we know you get sniper and helicopter wait to bust we head , you know ? police negotiator ( v.o. ) ( reassure , paternal ) not gonne happen . you life be just as important as the hostage . CUT to : ext . alley behind oro fantasia - day where a swat suburban be park . several swat officer , the most highly train cop on the force , in big vest and helmet , guard the area . World class athlete at the top of they game . six of they pour through a alley , stealthy infiltrator probing cautiously ahead . leading the way -- two swat cop round a dumpster and approach a heavy back door . year together in the Marines and on l.a.s mean street have cement they friendship and they act as one . one be jim STREET , he look more skateboarder than cop , indomitably cheerful , he make everything look easy . the other be poker , a ambitious , preppy type from the South . ( continued ) continued : they arrive at a formidable gate top with coil of razor wire , a impassable obstacle . poker and Street clamber over - it without pause . amazing . the remamine four swat officer hang back . among they be hondo , one gift swat cop . with year of experience , he 's road wear and stronger than spring steel . the guy you want on you side . the boss of this six man crew be sergeant howard . CUT to : ext . alley behind oro fantasia - back door - day Street stand guard as poker pick the lock of the steel door 's deadbolt . click . he unlock it , grin . Street oil the hinge with WD - 40 , slowly pull the door open . wedge it open with a rubber stop . this reveal @ second door of formidable iron bar . they can hear voice . what they see Beyond the bar , a dark hallway lead to the jewelry store up front . a security guard with a stomach wound be tie up with duct - tape . ashen from shock , he sees poker and Street , plead for help with he eye . scene Street make a " shhh " sign . undezstood . Street and poker trade look . Street 's radio earpiece crackle and garble . he speak against he throat mike . STREET say again . more crackle and garble . STREET ( cont 'd ) poker , you get that ? poker uh-uh . Radio interference . Street step into the alley so hondo can see he , Street and hondo converse with handsign . Street return to poker , still work the lock . ( continued ) continued : STREET hondo say the sergeant want we to pull back . the negotiator be make progress and do not . want the suspect spook . poker holé on . almost get it . poker intently pick the lock of the security bar . int . oro fantasia ~ day the aiz be thick with fear . there be three counter girl , who range from stoic to plain scared . the manager be out cold on the floor , pistol whipped , a knot on he temple . br barricaded robber ard three accomplice , be trap . harden gangster , they be oddly calm , fatalistic . barricaded robber ( 0.s.} ( into phone ) I get kid , man . I do not wanna leave no orphan . we be comin ' out , boss . accomplice 1 '' you be not get no kid . the barricade robber cover the phone . barricaded robber shut up . I be buy time , here . load up you gun . we shootin ' we way cut . get ready to run fast as you can and blast anything move . his man check they weapon . new angle accomplice 2 remove he mask . revealing he face to 4 ccunter girl whose blindfold he have remove , he intention be clearly lascivious . the barricade robber drop the phone and cross to he , shove he against the wall . barricaded robber ( cont 'd ) .- idiot . why would you do that ? keep you ugly mug cover . he drag he accomplice toward the back , out of earshot . ( continued ) 4 , continued : barricaded robber ( cont 'd ) take that bitch over there and cap she , dog . the barricade robber return to the phone . barricaded robber ( cont 'd ) {into phone ) yo , boss . can we get a pizza up in here ? accomplice 2 drag the counter girl down the hallway . CUT to : ext . alley behind oro fantasia - day Street and poker hear everything . they trade alarmed look . poker work the lock faster . poker they be gonna waste she . Street use a inspection mirror to peer down the hallway . insert -~ inspection mirror p.o.v. accomplice 1 drag the terrify counter girl by she arm . scene Street try the radio . nothing . no time to think it through . poker and Street trade look , reach a decision . Street grab the breaching shotgun , design for blast open door , strapped to poker 's back . STREET knock-knock . he jerk the trigger -- boom-ka - boom ! the compact shotgun fire shock -lock slug -- that shatter the hinges . poker raise a boot and kick the door . wham ! - clang ! the two super cop charge inside . / CUT to : int . oro fantasia build - back hallway - day poker and Street move with quick precision -- brdddt ! they shoot short burst from they mp - 5 submachine gun with nearly telepathic coordination . accomplice 1 be hit -- he drop to the ground . ( continued ) continued : leave the counter girl freak out but unscathed . STREET go . get outside . she dart out the back door . on STREET as he pull a flashbang stun grenade from he vest . pulis the pin and toss it into the store . bang ! -- deafen noise , a blinding flash . CuT to : int . oro fantasia - day shrieking counter Girls . poker and Street charge in fire they mp - 5 submachine gun . brdddt-brdddt ! accomplice 2 raise he magnum ~- he drop . poker take hin out . accomplice 3 hoid he pistol under the chin of a countex girl . brddt ! Street fire hit he without hesitation . he drop like a rag doll . the woman be unscathed . the barricaded robber raise he pistol -- poker and Street fire simultaniously . brddddt ! -- they bullet bounce off the body armor protect the barricade robber 's chest . '' the barricade robber fire back -- pop ! he bullet slam into poker 's helmet -~ dunk ! -- ricochet off . poker be stunne . Street fearlessly charge forward , tackle the barricade rebber . punch he in the jaw . poker regains he sense , move in and cuff the barricade robber . Street catch he breath . grab the phone off the floor . poker check the fall accomplice . ( continued ) to poker help he up . they survey the area . then they trade continued : STREET suspect in custody . we be code four . . police negotiator ( v.0 . ) who 's this ? STREET swat . we have people down . Roll up the paramedics . Street toss aside the phone . look , tap fist and trade relieved grin . STREET ( cont 'd ) we get ‘em . hondo ( 0.s. ) come in ! behind they hondo enter . he survey the scene . look at poker and Street , angry and amaze . hondo ( cont 'd ) you guy be in treuble . Big daddy be mad . hondo step aside . sergeant howard enter , very unhappy . he look at Street and poker . sergeant howard I tell tell you the recon the lock on the back door . not whack and stack three suspect . STREET one of the suspect be go to kill a hostage . sergeant howard they could have kill both of you and the hostage and everyone else . you forget the team . treet react . four paramedics enter lug trauma kit . CUT to : ( @ ' a beat . poker look at Street . int . parker CENTER hallway - day Street and poker wait in crisp dress uniform . they be nervous , tense . bravado have yield to anxiety . two Old detective cross to they , . shake hand . old detective 1 whatever happen in there , you guy be heroes . old detective 2 they should be give you medal . STREET / poker thanks . the old - timer walk away . Street and poker trade uneasy look . STREET I think we be get fire . poker no way . I will quit first . the door to a office open , revealing sergeant Howard . he nod for poker and Street to enter . cuut to : int . swat captain office ~ day the swat captain , the big boss , sit at he desk , trunk size arm cross . sergeant Howard stand by he side like a attack dog . Street be stoic , but hopeful . swat captain gentlemen , I respect you ability , you guy ere high performer . but you judgment be low grade at best . swat can not use people who do not do what they be tell . cut you patch eff . you two be be reassign to regular patrol . Street look at the swat patch on he shoulder like he would rather part with he leg . swat captain ( cont 'd ) be grateful you be not be fire . sergeant Howard hand they both letter to sign . poker shake he head in dismay . Street 's hope be dash . ( continued ) continued : ec ) STREET fe respectfully , sir . everyone in this ps building know we do the right thing . ' : I have a two foot high stack of thank you letter from that girl 's family . the irony be not lose on the swat captain . swat captain you two be insubordinate . that be the issue on the table . ( a beat ) sometimes do the right thing be not do the right thing . poker Sir , we do not have time to ask " mother may I . " the right thing to do be clear and simple from what we see and hear . swat captain people die . STREET & the lad guy die , sir . that woman y . be about to be execute right in front of we . the swat Captain stand , lean forward ominously and get real quiet . swat captain Officer Martin , Officer Street . you do not run swat . I do . it 's that simple . poker get a faraway look in he eye . he turn to Street . poker let 's go . STREET where ? poker away from here . Street hesitates . and that smack of betrayal to poker . poker charge out of there . slam the door . ( e sergeant howard you better cool he off while he have @ chance . ( continued ) continued : = STREET € qo yessir . Street quickly exit . CUT to : ext . parker CENTER - parking lot - day a gloomy rainy day . poker burst out the door . walk angrily across the lot between row and row of black and white . a beat . Street exit the door , catch up . STREET hold up , man . poker turn , vindicate . poker I know you would come around , brother . STREET you be punch out ? you be walk ? poker ~ . ' I be run . I have better thine vo to do than rack up mile on a city of . car . poker point at a tired break police cruiser . STREET do not bail like this . poker we join lapd to work swat . you want to be just another body on the shift , go ahead . STREET all you know how to do be run jump , fight and shoot . we will work night ina fast division . we will rock the house . . poker be not stop .. Street get in he face . where you gonna go ? . . poker @ bali. Australia . costa rica . Big ( World . c'mon , let 's check it out . Street consider it a beat . poker hopeful . then : STREET ( cont 'd ) | ( continued ) , 10 . continued : STREET no , man . I do not wanna go out there and drift . I do that . it suck . poker I get skill . I will find a job . right there , they friendship be over . poker ( cont'd Rather reign in hell than serve in heaven . STREET what 's that mean ? poker it mean I will not stay here and be they bitch . ( a beat ) I be not a punk like you . Street swing at poker . poker retaliate with block and punch . they fight in the rain , brutal , animalistic . tearing they uniform , ruin patent leather shoe . this be one awesome fight . poker gain the upper hand . get Street in a armlock . Street pin , he can do nothing , in agony . poker ( cont 'd ) I twist this way , the bone snap clean . heal in six week . I twist this way ... you will never be the same . SNAP ! -- poker break Street 's arm . '' fight over . poker stand , spit blood . Street clutching he shattered arm in agony . poker ( cont 'd ) better get that look at . STREET I will . poker walk away . STREET ( cont'd hey , poker . good luck in hell . ( continued ) on continued : Street lay on the asphalt , woozy with pain . uniform leg gather around Street , hand help he up . : CUT to : int . restaurant - night super title : two year later a cold dark night in Vienna . this local only cafe be quiet . some american pop on the juke . jaque sit at a table chainsmoke , a typical euro hipster , nervously wait . a door open . a large man in a suit name gq gesture he inside . gq be intimidating , and a bad dresser . CUT to : int . restaurant storeroom - night upon enter jaque react . - the room be line with butcher paper . a human body be neatly wrap in the corner . clinical . angle on alex do leon , dishevel , exhaust . a beer and a smoke in he bloody hand . he 's oddly charismatic , clearly very shrewd . lean against the wall , relax after he exertion . he gesture for jaque to sit on a paper cover chair . note : they speak in subtitled french alex * you come here to face I like a man . I respect and appreciate that . thank you . jaque . what can I say , Alex ? they say we choose we fate but I never steal from you . my family be my concern now . alex there be no threat to they . you be very brave . Alex get a cell call , check the number , ignore it . ( continued ) '' @ 12 . continued : alex ( cont 'd ) you know Larry 's hand be in my pocket ? jaque nod : yes . Alex notice he nice watch . gesture for it , jaque guiltily hand it over . Alex admire it . gq approve . Alex put it on . alex ( cont 'd ) how do the money disappear ? where be the break in the chain ? jaque Larry skim the cash in Los Angeles and drive it into Mexico , he have account there . I find this out today . to help you . alex thank you , jaque . Alex like hurt people , it 's hard for he to cut jaque . some slack . alex ( cont 'd ) you earn this . Quick . no pain . jaque thank you , Alex . Alex dismissively wave , nod to gq who raise he pistol at jaque -- pop ! Alex cross to the sink , wash he hand . alex let 's go to California . gq react . . gq we might not come back . alex . buy some bulletproof passport . I have to take the risk . if I do not kill this cancer it will destroy my business . ' Alex dry he hand , toss the towel on the floor . alex ( cont 'd ) burn this trash . CUT to : 13 . ext . downtown L.A. - day Street run et full tilt , weaving through , over and around park car . he bisect @ homeless camp . . Street approach a large concrete fortress -- lapd central station -- flash he id to the guard . vault the concrete barrier without slow . " CUT to : int . central station - swat garage - day quite a armada of vehicle . suburban . pick-up . unmark car . two swat truck be on stand - by to serve as mobile armory and command post . angle on -- a equipment cage cramme into a out of the way corner CUT to : int . equipment cage - day a amazing essortment of swat gear range from the mundane to the exotic . there be helmet , radio , vest and armor . a myriad of tool . Office supplies . locker of flashbang grenade and ammo . find STREET flush from he run , in a police uniform that suggest office comfort , he pour hot coffee in a sport bottle . add cream , sugar . a fistful of vitamin . some protein powder . shake it . he slurp the concoction as he settles into a desk swamp with stack of paperwork . Street have a shrine to better day --° shoot trophy , swat Olympic trophy . photo of he on the swat team . across from the cage a dozen swat cop in crisp fatigue stampede out a briefing room . boxer and tj , both young prove swat officer , cross to the cage . tj isa high achieve perfectionist , young and arrogant with pristine hair and tooth . Boxer be a little overweight with five o'clock shadow . a low key , go with the flow kind of guy . Street have box of ammo on the counter ready for they . ( continued ) 14 . continued : STREET so hey , Boxer . ' : boxer Morning , Street . STREET I hear a new crew be man up . hondo I hear we be get a raise . I do not see that happen . you have be around too long to listen to rumor . Boxer be a bad liar . Street grin . STREET c'mon . I will find out anyway when the Captain have I outfit they . boxer yes . they be add a six man element to the duty rotation . -street and hondo 's gonna run it . ' boxer no comment . STREET talk to he Boxer . I be ready for a comeback shot . TI hondo do not need a trigger happy have -been . Street glare , if look could kill . '' STREET keep talk shit , tj . to ( to Boxer ) be honest . would you want Street rescue you grandmother ? boxer sure . Street 's good . ( @ hondo approach the cage . tj and Boxer grab the ammo box . and cross to the suburban . now it 's just hondo and Street . ( continued ) 'ot continued : hondo Morning . STREET sergeant hondo .. hondo give Street a look . STREET ( cont 'd ) get use to it , you be a supervisor now . sew that on yourself ? Street point at the brand new sergeant 's patch sewn on he sleeve . hondo last night .. they be finally make I grow up , I guess . Street roll up he sleeve , revealing shiny scar where he shattered arm be pin and brace . Street make a fist . STREET look at that . all heal now , a hundred percent . pass my physical . honde , I be on . my skill be razor sharp . I be better than I be two year ago . hondo look at Street . hondo why you tell I all this ? I be just signing out ammo here . STREET c'mon . you be sergeant now , you be in line for the new crew . hondo what make you think that out of six hundred highly qualified bad - ass applicant you have any chance ? STREET I be bear to work swat . you know I be better than all they . hondo walk away , pause . hondo still give that survival class ? ( continued ) om , 'o 16 . continued : STREET twice a week . maybe you could come down and teach a class sometime . hondo maybe . hondo cross to some wait vehicle in b.g . hondo ( cont 'd ) saddle up and move out ! I wanna shoot gun and break shit . the swat cop mount they vehicle . a flurry of activity as they pull out . Street watch they depart from behind wire mesh . it 's quiet again . Street look around he cage , as if realize for the ten thousandth time : STREET this suck . CUT to : int . central division - weight room - night in the basement of the crowded and decrepit police station . a dozen officer work out before the night shift with weight and machine . all age and sex , all size and color , tough cop work a deadly division . angle on a exercise mat where Street , in a wrist brace , give martial art instruction to four shift cop , in sweat . they wear gun belt with red rubber training pistol s. a cocky rookie have Street handcuff . STREET okay . this be a wwf move I see once . ready ? rookie ready . Street move fast ; trip the rookie . who crash to the mat . Street wrap he leg around he neck . snatch the rubber gun from beit , hold it to he head . STREET bang . rule one of officer survival : stay alive . ( continued ) continued : the street smart rookie be surprised to have lose the upper hand . . STREET ( cont 'd ) I train here every day . if you want to stay alive out there , I can teach you what work . rookie thanks . I will come through . hondo enter . Street be surprised to see he . hondo yo , people . listen up ! I hear you guy be the baddest shift in l.a.p.d . who want to join swat ? everyone stop . and raise they hand . include Street , wonder what hondo be up to . hondo ( cont 'd ) . whe 's the baddest cop in here ? the cop trade leok -- bermudez be quickly single out . he 's a battle harden old timer with ten year more experience than Street . hondo know they would pick he . hondo ( cont 'd ) okay , bermudez , get on the mat there with Officer Street . bermudez thanks for this shot , hondo . I have be testing for swat since forever . hondo we will , take care of you . hondo and bermudez cross to Street on the mat . hondo ( cont 'd ) okay , guy . the winner of this fight get to be on the new team I be put together . Street sense a set-up . wary of bermudez . STREET . hondo , if I kick he butt , I can be on you crew ? x @ a beat . hondo be on the spot , but he money be on bermudez . ( continued ) fo continued : hondo yeah . I will see what I can do . ( grin , re : bermudez ) he 's a triple black -- belt . Street react . bermudez give he a mean stare . bermudez . you do not stand a chance , youngin ' . let 's get down . they shake and bow . bermudez raise big knurle fist . Street react , intimidate . cop circle around they . bermudez attack . the thup - thup sound of fast punch be block . Street be on the defensive . bermudez be really go for it . but Street endure the assault . they crash into weight , bang into machine . end up on the floor . Fighting like badger , until Street get hold of bermudez 's arm and nearly pull it out of it socket before bermudez quit . bermudez ( cont 'd ) okey ! tap ! tap ! shit. - Street let gc , surprisec he win , as be everyone else . honde be leave scratch he head by the upset . bermudez look at hondo . hondo sorry , the kid win . bermudez be disappointed but a good sport . he shake with treet . who puff with pride at he achievement . he tap fist with some buddy . he lift he shirt to show 4 crazy tattco across his.stomach . STREET that 's right . the Street sweeper dominate . hondo do not like the attitude . Street realize that , grow serious , but expectant . STREET ( cont 'd ) so what 's up , hondo ? I take he . honde look at Street , not like the spot he get himself into . a beat . he toss Street he cuff . ( continued ) ( ( @ continued : hondo I be dangerous . arrest I . Street lunge . smack -smack -smack -thud ! hondo kick and punch Street with lightning speed , throw he to the mat . hondo help up a stunne Street . again they square off . Street attack with a flurry of punch . hondo attack . Flying fist and foot . vicious , but he 's clearly hold back . Street slip , fall . the cop watch , amaze . Street spring back to he foot . throw a punch that hondo catch . : hondo twist he bad arm , drive Street 's elbow to the mat . Street freeze in pain , at hondo 's mercy , the arm brace bend . Street be helpless as bermudez be . hondo ( cont 'd ) do not be stupid , kid . tap out . Street shake he head : no . hondo twist Street 's arm more . to the point of snap . STREET go. ahead , hondo . hondo release he , stand , arm akimbo stare at Street . . hondo you get up , I be gonna get mad and then hurt you real bad . Street have not the sense to quit . STREET I be get up . it take a beat for Street to climb onto he wobbly foot . the other look concerned . hondo hold out he hand . Street jump back . hondo want to shake , not fight . hondo I will talk to the Captain . no promise . Street react , he second chance . he shake with hondo . CUT to : 20 . int . hondo' car ( moving ) - day hondo drive . Street be in the passenger seat , happy as @ clam . oo - hondo by no mean do you have a lock on this . screw up once or give I attitude ; you go back in you little cage . STREET positive or negative attitude ? hondo either . I have two more slot to fill . Street hold a long computer printout . STREET : six hundred name here . and they all want to be in swat . hondo who 's get the most arrest in the toughest division ? Street look at the list . find the name : STREET uh , that would be ... patrolman second class deacon kaye . Works shootin ' Newton . scary division . CuT to : ext . watt alley - day a lapd patrol car with the door already open as it swoops to a stop . two cop pop out and run down a alley in foot pursuit . one of the cop be deacon " deke " kay , a powerfully build black guy . his partner can barely keep up . . new angle running away be two black homeboy , serious player , tatted and buff . a strong runner , deke be catch up . he key the mike on he shoulder , ice cool . : ( continued ) continued : deke ( into mic ) thirteen - Adam - eighty one in foot '' : pursuit . in alley north of defiance | Avenue . pass ninety eight head west . two male black . suspect one wear purple sweatshirt and blue jeans . '' suspect two wear white T - shirt and khaki pants . CUT to : int . hondo' car ( moving ) - day hondo drive . Street ride shotgun . hondo hear deke 's transmission , he speed up , pull into the alley and accelerate . hondo sees the two homeboy vault into a back yard use a park car as a springboard . CUT to : os eyt . back yard - day ( oo she homeboy run past camera . veke jump the fence . his partner follow -- violently wrench he ankle on a rusty engine block . he scream . int . hondo' car ( moving ) - day hondo screech to a stop . hondo c'mon . they bolt from the car . CUT to : ext . back yard - day hondo vault the fence . see the hurt partner on the ground , clutching he twisted ankle . hondo fficer Kay ? the partner point in deke 's direction . ( e hondo ( cont 'd ) you alright ? ( continufd ) : neen enna ( @ 22 . continued : hondo get a thumb up . hondo follow deke , run at full speec . Street hop the fence , follow hondo . CUT to : ext . watt STREET - day the homeboy exit a house 's yard and run up the street . here come deke run behind they . then hondo and Street . deke catch up to the homeboy . Street and hondo catch up to deke . now run alongside he . hondo Officer Kay ? deke yeah . STREET need some help ? deke . take right . I be break leave Street overtake hondo and deke , they " t believe it . Street grab the coller of the close homeboy and yank he down . both roll to the ground in a painful tangle of limb . deke lunge , grab the cther homeboy 's head and throw he right to the ground . hondo whip out he cuff , click they on Street 's guy . deke drop a knee on the other hameboy 's head , cuff he . deke look at Street , impressed . deke ( cont 'd ) man , what do you run ? a eight second four forty ? Street catch he breath , nod : yes . siren approach . hondo turn to deke . hondo we could use you on the swat team . work 's real hard . and the hour suck . want a shot ? hondo offer he hand . deke grin -like its Christmas morning . they all shake . deke I have be try to get into swat forever . deke . ( continued ) 23 . continued : hondo hondo . STREET - Street . - two black and white sail in , screeching to a stop , officer pop out , gun draw . deke signal everything be cool and the officer relax . cur to : int . hondo' car ( moving ) - night hondo drive . . hondo I need one more name . someone real physical but with a brain . STREET let 's see who 's kick the most butt and get the least complaint . Street study the print out a beat , run the number in he head . hondo impressed by he think . STREET ( cont 'd ) Dennis sanchez . over at hollenbeck . hondo flip on the light , do a U -turn in traffic . hondo let 's pay Mr. sanchez a call . CUT to : int . L.A. county general hospital - emergency room - night a busy emergency staff minister to the evening 's victim ; gunshot , accident , drug od . hondo and Street enter . approach a knot of uniform hold a prison size cholo down on a gurney as a nurse start a i.v. : STREET we be look for Officer sanchez . cop 1 point out a curtain exam table . cop 1 in there , get sewn up . ( continued ) $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ aaa 24 , continued : STREET jeez , someone sure thumped he good . gesture at the man on the gurney . cop 1 that 's sanchez 's handiwork . cop 2 great fight . should be on pay-per - view . sanchez be a ass-kick - of - saurus . hondo and Street trade impressed look . and cross to the curtain table . Street slide the curtain back . react when he see a attractive female cop in she bra . a doctor sewing up a slash on she shoulder . hondo see that , freeze . sanchez May I help you ? - sanchez be not shy , she 's all cop , and all woman . - hondo sorry , I be look for Dennis sanchez . sanchez you get denise sanchez . hondo smile at the misunderstanding . give Street 2 look . hondo you be a female . sanchez good eye . you be a male . hondo stare at the curtain as sanchez pull on a4 t-shixt . sanchez ( cont 'd ) you can turn around . Officer ..? hondo I be hondo , just hondo . this be Street . he 's illiterate . STREET it be a typo . sanchez don she ballistic vest -- a picture of she 4 y.o. ( e@ son tape to the trauma plate . she put on she uniform shirt . ( continued ) be ( '' 25 . continued : hondo you really take out that ese there ? he 's get a hundred pound on you . sanchez it 's not you weight , it 's how you carry it . he come in with a leave jab . I block , kick he kidney and go for a pain hold but he be too high to feel it . so I get he on the ground and we grapple . I let he tire himself out and handcuff he . easy . do not know he have a double edge razorblade in he mouth . hondo you okay ? sanchez I be fine . STREET you shoulder have a zipper . nchez shrug . seem okay sanchez one time a drunk cowboy almost slice my ear off with a bust bottle . hondo you like to fight ? sanchez keeps I center . hondo be digging she . but it 's late . sanchez ( cont 'd ) so now I do not get the job ? because of the female thing . hondo react . sanchez ( cont 'd ) I know deke kaye . we work gang suppression . he call and tell I you be recruiting for a new team . I know if you know I be female you would not be here . you be here because I have a awesome record . ask anybody on my shift if I get they back . I have dream of be in swat since I sign up . I want in . ( continued ) ( @ continued : hondo mull it over a beat . look at Street . who be impressed . hondo hand she a business card . sanchez light up with a smile and they shake . CUT to : ext . elysian park - obstacle course - day part of the Police Academy complex . the building of downtown stand tall in b.g . hondo and he new team be gather together . Street , sanchez , deke. tj and Boxer . Street trade cold look with with tj. hondo when the cop need help . they call swat . we be spread thin , there 's only sixty swat officer to cover the whole city . I be suppose to train you guy and get you ready fer the street . some of you have work swat . some of you have not . hondo tap the swat patch on he shoulder . hondo ( cont 'd ) sanchez , why de you want to be the first female in lapd to wear this patch ? sanchez because people see it and know you be the World 's best . hondo that 's right . lapd swat have the toughest and most professional cop in the World . I be not brag , that 's a fact . we do not go in to kill , we go in to save life . even the life of the six- foot - four three hundred pound ex - con hold a butcher knife to a hostage 's throat . we take down the most dangerous man on two leg . and we take they down alive . swat only have one fatal shoot last year . that 's how good we be . the Green beret , seal , FBI all come to L.A. to see how we de it . a beat . ( continued ) 27 . continued : hondo ( cont 'd ) you guy be here because you be the best . they only give I a month to get we ready for the. field certification exam . we will have to work day and night to turn six outstanding individual into one outstanding team . Street trading determine look with he cohort . CUT to : ext . shoot obstacle course - day Street run the time skill course , plastic mannequin serve as target . hondo be a everpresent and demand taskmaster . he run and jump shoot with he pistol . for next set of target he use he rifle . bam-bam-bam-bam ! the pistol reappear -~- brddddt ! , Street dive , shoulder roll , come up run . drill the last two target now -- bam !- bam ! finish , he catch he ae breath . - C hondo check a stop watch . look at Street , surprised . hondo . one minute twelve second . very good . tj look at Street . deke and Street tap fist . deke : you be like deion Sanders out here . STREET thanks , man . CUT to : ext . shoot obstacle course - day tj finish he attempt . hondo check the stopwatch . hondo one minute sixteen . outstanding . Street turn to a disappointed tj , who can not belizve he do not 'ot beat Street 's time . ( continued ) 28 . continued : STREET but not quick enough . tj react . CUT to : ext . shoot obstacle course - day now it 's sanchez 's turn . she burn through the course , transfix the man . she 's a natural . she cross the finish line , glow . hondo check she time end do a doubletake , sanchez what ? hondo fifty two second . ( a beat ) New course record . sanchez oh , no way . she high fives she teammate . sanchez ( cont 'd ) who have the cold record ? hondo poker Martin . sanchez who 's that ? stree the guy who break my arm . tj Street 's evil twin . now sanchez get it . Street shoot tj a look . sanchez so , where 's he now ? STREET ; < rumor have he jack meth lab in the high desert . ( off sanchez 's look ) yeah . he go to the dark side . ( continued ) 'o continued : boxer you do not want to run into he . CUT to : ext . elysian park - tire house - day a mock house make of stack tire for shoot live ammo . Street , hondo , Boxer , sanchez , deke and tj be fully suite up , with body armor , tac vest , radio , helmet , weapon , magazine pouch , kneepad , elbow pad . they move in two three man team . Street , sanchez and deke move together , they round a corner , deke be a little slow . Street look at deke -- Street , trip and all three go down . hondo let 's try this again . Street , pay attention to you footwork this time ? ' J grin at Street . CUT to : ey¥t. elysian park - tire house - sunset secretch shadow mark the end of another long grueling d 1 é team have be work hard . gear and uniform be soak th sweat and mud . utterly exhaust . they just finish @ run . hondo people , take two to catch you breath . we be go again . they pain reaction say it all . Street flexe he hand , it 's give he trouble . hondo cross to he . Street give he a look . tension . hondo ( cont 'd ) I think push paper put out you fire . you gonna try this time ? Street can do nothing but say : STREET yes , hondo . deke turn to hondo . deke honde , you ever wanna give we a break . my dad 's get a restaurant , I say we roll down , and get some chow . this food will keep everyone go . ( continued ) * , @ 30 . continued : hondo good idea . one last run and we will knock off for dinner . ready on position ' one . : they get in assault formation . all eye on hondo 's hand signal . hondo give they the go sign . they pour into the tire house , crisper than before . Street and tj behind hondo , cover he . tj accidentally triggers the flashlight on he weapon . what hondo sees his shadow on the wall from a gun mount flashlight shine on the back of he head . a big no - no . scene hondo angrily spin on Street , not tj. hondo ( cont 'd ) Safety time - out -- Street , you try the blow my head of £ ? STREET hondo , it be not I -- hondo interrupt he with a index finger . tj remain quiet . hondo you can stay behind and clean the gear and weapon . we will bring you a doggy bag . let 's get some chow , people . a monstrous task . Street be hat this little game . but tough it out . he give tj a look . STREET thanks , tj . the rest of the team trading look , feel bad for Street . even tj . td honde , I do it . my bad . not Street 's . I will stay . Street look at tj with new respect . ( continued ) continued : hondo ( o you have no excuse . Street 's rusty . you be not . hondo and the other walk . tj pack equipment . hondo relent . hondo ( cont 'd ) c'mon to dinner with we tj . Street look at hondo , shake he head . sanchez pat Street on the back . the six walk across the range , already look like a team . CUT to : ext . o- kaye rib - night rb family smoke house on crenshaw . own by deke' dad , a strong sort who have mellow over the year . Street help deke serve huge platter of rib . bean , cornbread . hondo be engross in he baby back . sanchez , tj , boxex devour they food , craving calory . hondo Sir , you be a true master . na a '' sanchez I be from Texas , so you know , it 's ail about the barbecue . my hat be off . deke' dad thank you . want more ? there 's more . always more . deke no thank you , pop . we be good . we have to train after this . * ts I do not think this be diet rib . sanchez and deke tap fist . deke sit between she and Street . he have a tuna sandwich for . himself . STREET what 's up with that ? deke lean quietly toward Street . deke . @ I work here every summer grow . up and then some . I can not stand rib . ( continued ) 32 . continued : Street look at picture of deke as a kid . STREET deke , dude . be that - you ? all skinny . deke yep . he 's get ‘em nail to the wall so I can not take ‘em down . you find I out . I be a nerd . STREET you be a nerd ? sanchez yeah , I can see that . deke I get my butt whupped every day after school . one day in high school my wheaty kick in or something . because I just swoll up overnight suddenly I could knock fool out . STREET so now you the protect the weak because you dress like erkl ? sanchez Street , that 's wrong . I can tell you have a shady past . what 's you stomach say ? he lift he shirt . STREET spaz kase . deke spaz kase ? you nickname ? - STREET my band in high school . sanchez you get that honkin ' tattoo in high school ? STREET I get more than tattooe . a female . lapd officer enter in uniform , she 's tall black and beautiful . deke uh-oh . who call the cop ? ( continued ) 33 . continued : she hug deke and they lock lip a beat . a strike sight , everyone watch . they blush at the attention , show they wedding band . deke ( cont 'd ) that be authorize . hondo , this be my wife jasmine . -- baby , hondo be like a department legend , he 's the micheal Jordan of swat . jasmine so you be the one torture he ? hondo yes , mar 'am . jasmine good . jasmine sit next to sanchez . jasmine ( cont 'd ) this guy give you any trouble , you let I know . STREET we be scared of she . hondo eat up . you will need the calory . the train -athon resume . his people shovel in the food . CUT to : ext . ultra hip club - night establish . Alex pull up to the valet in a new porsche . CUT to : int . ultra hip club - day Larry swagger through the crowd to the bar . a ordinary look guy , who throw he money around . he sidle up to the bar . the bartender set a drink in front of he . : bartender _ compliment of the gentleman . . new angle ( continued ) continued : Alex sit at the bar . give Larry a nod . Larry look like he be about to faint . CUT to : int . tricked out navigator ( moving ) - day gq drive . somewhere on the westside . his passenger be a4 cold eye eurothug . two more eurothugs sit in back with e very scared Larry sandwich between they . he have two black , swollen eye . gq the sister you send into hide so we could not find she . we find she . gq show he @ polaroid . Larry react , no tough guy , he lip quiver . larry how long will you keep feed that monster ? we be in America . tell he to go to hell and I will buy you a house . go ( shrug ) what have 's you ever do for I ? CUT tg . int . porsche ( moving ) - night Alex follow the Navigator , gloat . he check he watch . pull out he nextel . alex ( into nextel ) I have to go to the hotel for dinner . I will join you later then we will go to work on the son-of - a-bitch . a siren behind he . it 's a motorcycle cop -- who be not after Alex , but follow the Navigator , which have just run a red light . Alex react . . CUT to : int . tricked out navigator ( moving ) - night eurothugs 1 , 2 & 3 nonchalantly reach for they gun . Larry begin praying under he breath . a pistol be press into he side . gq begin slow . CUT to : ext . west L.A. boulevard ~ night suddenly Alex blast past , he porsche present a much juicier target to the motor officer . - wno gun he bike and give chase . - alex ( filter ) . go , get out of here . I can take care of this guy . the quick police harley pull right on Alex 's bumper . Alex slow , crisply pull to the side . turn off the engine . the Navigator have already slip around the corner . the motor Officer warily cross to Alex 's sedan , gun out , shine he maglite in the car . Alex roll down the window . motor officer Sir , do you know how fast you be ge ? . Alex be a chameleon , he suddenly seem utterly harmless , the guy next door . alex no , sir . the speedometer cable be bind . motor officer uh-huh . license , registration , proof of insurance . alex I have this . I be out here research my doctorate . Alex produce a Harvard student i.d. and a Massachusetts license . nonpluss , the motor Officer examine the document . motor officer I still need some kind of proof of financial responsibility . alex it 's a rental . be not it part of the contract ? the insurance . : motor officer you tell I . ( continued ) 36 . continued : Alex be not get any slack . he decide to kill the motor Officer . Alex move he hand toward the gun under he thigh . a Police car approach quickiy , light flash . it 's the distraction the motorcycle cop need . he pull he gun , aim at Alex . motor officer ( cont 'd ) Drop it . the Police car chirp to a stop near the porsche . a well time show of force . blex drop the gun -- a wick mini uzi . two tough look uniform pop out and take cover position on the sidewalk . one tote a shotgun . motor officer ( cont 'd ) step out really slowly , sir . brlex have lose he chance to act , he comply . motor officer ( cont 'd ) put you hand on you head and arcund . you be under arrest . ss ir tur : th the motorcycle cop handcuffs he . give he a pat down , toss Alex 's wallet , cellphone , a switchblade knife , onto the hood of he car . rlex comply . and the motor Officer handcuffs he . he shine a light on the mini-uzi . motor officer ( cont 'd ) that you insurance ? Alex know he 's in trouble . CUT to : int . old school bus - day a practice assault . deke enter the bus from the front , then tj , sanchez . they move cautiously through the apparently empty bus . on STREET as he pop up from among the seat and lunge at tj with a rubber knife . brddddt -brdddddt ! ( continued ) I | 37 . continued : hondo and Boxer , outside the bus on either side , have shot through the open window at Street , hit he with training paint ball . Street be " dead " before he reach tj . Street take off he goggle wiping paint from he head . STREET ow . that thing hurt . CUT to : int . L.A. county jail - housing module ~ day 80 blue jumpsuite inmate mill about . Alex De Leon sit in a corner with a meek look tagger . they open they bag lunch . a apple and a cheese sandwich . tagger dude . I hate this place . I have never be so scared in my life . alex what do they say you do ? tagger a tagging . i alex write on wall ? . tagger yeah . just get my name out there . the fame game . two big cholos cross to they . cholo 1 gimme you apple , dog . the tagger hand he over . cholo 2 look at Alex . cholo 2 you too , home . kick down , bitch . - alex fuck you , home . it take a beat for the insult the process . the cholo swing at Alex . lo and behold ; Alex be a skilled martial artist . he destroy the first guy . next , with a serious of brutal kick , he drop the second guy . . @ then as a final flourish , kick cholo 1 's thigh -~ crack ! break it . ( continued ) 38 . continued : crack ! -- cholo 2 also get he thighbone break . Alex pick up the apple and hand it back to the shocked tagger . footstep . a half dozen deputy enter with helmet and club . - deputy get over there ! move it ! prisoner part like the Red Sea . the deputy approach the vanquish cholos . they look bad . deputy ( cont 'd ) Transport this inmate to the infirmary . ( shout ) no fight in my module ! I put the smack down here , not you all ! who do this ! a streetwise veterano pipe up . veterano Sir , they just start thumping on each other , sir . deputy get busy move the injure . Alex have retreat into the crowd . he make eye contact with the veterano , they be cool now . CUT to : int . sheriff' bus ( moving ) - day on the freeway . Alex and the other shackle in back . Alex by a window , watch the commuter pass . veterano this be the worst part of be lock up . cruise the city , hit ali the courthouse . alex because the world be right there but you can not touch it . the veterano regards Alex and nod he agreement . : CUT to : ext . chatsworth - lapd training site - day a more serious facility consist of realistic mock building . the team approach a front door , in three they line up outside the door . ( continued ) continued : deke sledgehammer open a door . toss in a flashbang . bang ! the team pour inside . a beat . we hear they mpe . brdddt ! brddt ! brdddt ! brddt ! every bad guy target have several hole . then : 7 STREET ( 0.s. } clear ! sanchez ( 0.s. ) clear ! . boxer ( 0.s. ) clear ! hondo exit with a huge smile , take off he helmet . hondo that be beautiful . we be not get any better . I think we be ready for we finai exam . his team exit the mout house with relieved grin . hondo turn to Street . hondo ( cont 'd ) c'mon , Street . I will buy you a beer . struet react . CUT to : int . L.A. county jail - interview room ~ day Alex take a seat across from he attorney , Kathy , she be confident , connect . and worried . alex good morning , Kathy . any luck ? kathy yes . the judge set bail and you be be process for release . you will have to reappear before the court in two week . brlex smile . they both know he will not come back . kathy ( cont 'd ) this be the problem , before they release you , they have to verify who you be . they run everything through interpol now . any day they will know who you really be . Alex lean in to she . whisper . ( continued ) a ann — — — aaasama090 40 . continued : alex . : get I out of here . if lawbook be not work , use gun . tell my friend to hit the bus when they take I to court . Kathy nod : she understand . CUT to : int . sport bar - night a live band play cool tune for the happy hour crowd . hondo , Boxer , deke , sanchez and tj occupy a booth where Street pour beer , show off he server skill . the team have grow close . hondo Street , you be definitely a multitask individual . STREET : I have twenty bad job before I become a badass . sanchez check out hondo 's behind the curve fashion . sanchez I have not see iced denim in ten year . hondo , let I take you shopping . hondo I hardly wear civilian clothes . cheer guy . they clink mug , toast . sanchez get a text page . read it , smile . STREET good news ? sanchez yessir . my son nicky win the hundred meter freestyle . fastest eight year old in the water . STREET you get high speed 'gene , sanchez . she miss she son . boxer swat 's rough on the homefront . * ( continued ) 41 . i continued : hondo pull out he pager . hondo this will take you to many door . to all the world 's mystery . : . STREET i : that 's what I like about it . ' boxer bail and chain sometimes . get a call once during my daughter 's birthday party . ended up whack a guy . deke you gotta expect shit like that . I be ready . my kid 's be gonna know ; daddy 's get to do he thing . STREET no kid , hondo ? hondo nope . no kid , wife , girlfriend , cat , dog or canary . I travel light . STREET just you horse and a sword ? hondo now you be talk . sanchez you have to have a life . hondo swat be my life . sanchez when I go home I take off the badge , I be just mommy . . STREET dude , I go home and it 's mp3 's and playstation . hondo generation ritalin . I do not much get the twitch and jerk century . € @ STREET hondo 's old school . hard - ass in a can . . ( continued ) eee ot : . 42 . continued : sanchez you can not be a hard - ass twenty four seven . hondo already know that .. hondo cheer , guy . no matter what happen tomorrow , I be glad to have work | with you . they clink mug . hondo turn to Street . hondo ( cont 'd ) I want you to come over to my place for a shot after this . ccut to : int . hondo' apartment - night the door be be unlock . hondo push it open and enter . '' Street be with he . it 's spartan . industrial . work out equipment . some blanket on the fioor . a wooden strike tree for tovghen hand and forearm . a punch bag , all wear from use . Street be in awe of hondo 's set up . STREET this be like see Bruce Lee 's lair . hondo let I get you that shot . hondo cross to a old fridge . open it . Street note the perfectly organize meal in tupperware . hondo pour a couple shot of wheatgrass juice . hondo open a door that lead onto the roof . ° CUT to : ext . hondo' roof - night amidst the tall building | downtown . a great view . hondo and Street step out . hondo I figure you would split with poker and become a desperado . never think you would stick it out . STREET swat 's home for I . ( more ) ( continued ) o '' continued : STREET ( cont 'd ) I have to get back in the house . ( a beat ) you think bermudez be go to kick my ass . a beat . hondo yeah , bermudez knock out prizefighter . Street , the best man win . STREET so why be you always down on I ? hondo I have to trust you judgment . the way thing be now , you have a bad kill , they lock I up too because I be you boss . that 's why I do not pick you right away . robeat . Street 's jaw grind . STREET I do the right thing in that . jewelry store . that negotiator be not there . they be go for it hondo , it be go to be a bloodbath . hondo Street , I get it . if I be in you moccasin , I would have do the exact same thing . vindication , Street be floor . STREET why do not you tell the captain that ? hondo '' I do . why do you think you get a second chance ? a beat . STREET hondo , you be a deep cat . siren . they watch a ambulance end a fire engine hondo 's building . and keep go , fade into the ( continued ) approach city . continued : hondo all I get be swat . I think it would be enough . ( a beat ) do not make my mistake . do not get so busy save everyone ycu forget to save yourself , Street react . CUT to : int . autc paint shop - day gq watch as a painter peel away paper anc tape from a sedan to reveal a black and white lapd paint job . gq nod he approval . CUT to : ext . lapd training site - dawn quite @ collection of lapd sedan and swat vehicle . a dozen senior lapd officer and swat member review paperwork for the team 's exam . in b.g. be Street 's old nemesis , the swat captain , wear a red baseball cap . hondo return from talk to he as Street and the cther prepare gear and weapon , solemn serious . Boxer check everyone 's radio and tape radio code to they wrist . hondo look strain , Street sense something be up . STREET you cool ? hondo I talk to the Captain . it 's a pretty advanced scenario . STREET what 's that mean ? hondo no way we can pass . and we can not retest for six month . Street set he jaw in anger . ( continued ) tt 4 o ron 45 . continued : STREET you do not believe in we , do you ? I be not go back in the cage . . hondo so fly away , you wing heal . Street look at hondo . hondo ( cont 'd ) just do you best , kid . Street and hondo approach the rest of the group . hondo ( cont 'd ) here 's the scenario . six hijacker with machine gun control that aircraft . angle on a batter , cold DC - 10 jetliner with no wing . hondo ( cont 'd ) they have twenty hostage inside and want fuel and a pilot . we be ge to take they down hard . four judge in red hat will be grede we . stay away from they . the bad guy be not mannequin . they be gonna be move and shoot back . brdddddddt ! hondo hose a wall with he mp -- it fire , not bullet , but simunition -- Little paint ball splatter blue paint . hondo ( cont 'd ) this gun may be shoot paint ball , but they sting real good . so be safe . we ready ? they be . STREET hondo , how about a swat huddle ? they get in a circle , drop they head for a beat of silent prayer . hondo let 's roll . ( continued ) a} b continued : they tap fist and the huddle break up . hondo look at Street , grab he shoulder . Street nod , he 's ready . - CUT to : ext . camp pendleton - day the team wear gasmasks as they roll airstair to the DC - 10' aft door . a judge in a red hat watch , make note . Boxer set a explosive charge on the aircraft 's oval door . the fuse burn -- boom ! deke yank the door open . Street be first in , follow by hondo and sanchez . CUT to : int . DC - 10 fuselage - day [ note : all this take place in less than six second . ] pup ~ pop ! flashbang explode . seat swat officer play the pbrssengers , other play hijacker . Street and hondo charge up the aisle follow by sanchez , deke , yd and Boxer . ° amidst the smoke , Street aim a hijacker , fire . brddt-brdddt ! hondo fire at the same hijacker . Blue paint spatter on he . chest . on sanchez he aim , fire -- brdddt ! Hit a hijacker who pop up etween the seat . treet dive back into the leave aisle , tuck and roll , come ip shoot -- brdddt ! ch Hit another hijacker in the chest . Blue paint spatter . another hijacker swing he weapon on Street ... on ta : , running up the aisle , he eim and fire -- brddddt ! and hit the hijacker about to shoot Street . Street be 's now near the front of the plane -- he sense something to he right . ( continued ) fn ie o continued : Street dive over the middie row of seat . Street tuck and roll along the aisle , spring to he foot and - aim ... at a hijacker about to hose down the team with he machine gun . ' brddddt ! Street nail the surprised hijacker . Street dive back into the leave aisle . only to encounter deke aim a pistol right at he ... not at he -- past he -- at the final hijacker . who use a hostage , a gun press under she chin . . pop - pop - pop ! deke hit the hijacker 's forehead . it 's over deke clear ! Street take a breath . everybody in the plane know they have just see something spectacular . CUT to : ext . lapd training site - day Street and the other have a circle of swat officer gather around they , laud they assault on the plane . CUT to : ext . lapd training site - vehicle parking - day Street , Boxer , sanchez , deke and tj pack the last of they gear in a suburban . hondo approach they , face unreadable , hold a envelope . Street trade look with the other . hondo toss Street the envelope . Street put he hand in the envelope , react . he pull out new swat patch . hondo grin . hondo we pass . sénchez . deke. welcome to swat . Street ; welcome back . Street reverantly accept he patch from hondo . High fives and hug all around . it 's a cathartic moment . hondo and Street shake . ( continued ) continued : hondo ( cont 'd ) we be too good to fail . ext . L.A. county jail - transport area ~- day four deputy talk about last night 's baseball game . inmate shuffle onto the bus in shackle . Alex be chainec to the tagger and veteranc . CuT to : int . hondc' apartment - day hondo work out . practice punch the large wooden strike frame . he 's @ machine . his pager go off . hondo grab it and run to the door . CUT to : ext . venice beach cafe ~ day Street have he shirt off and he various piercing in . he lean on he bmx bike , flirt with a pair of hotties . hottie 1 what do yeu do ? hang out here all day ? STREET no mé'am . I work . I take care of sick puppy . hottie 2 you be @ veterinarian ? that 's so sweet . STREET - that 's right . I be the veterinarian . his pager go off -- STREET ( cont 'd ) bye . -- and he tear away on he bike . CuT to : int . house - day it 's a baby shower . sanchez enter in a little sundress . her son nicky , 8 , in tow . ( continued ) 49 , * continued : sanchez go play , sweetheart . he break away , beeline to the older kid play cutside . she hug her friend who be very pregnant . - sanchez hand she very pregnant friend a wrap gift . her beeper go off . her friend know the deal . her friend I will watch nicky . go play , sweetheart . sanchez give she friend a grateful smile . CUT to : ext . deke' house - day a nice spread in ladera Heights . a cake with swat icing congratulate he achievement . today be deke 's turn to be spoiled by he extended family . little kide raise heil . good tune play . deke 's beeper go off . he check it , react . his wife jasmine , sit nearby , smile supportively . CUT to : int . boxer' house - day we find a frustrated Boxer work under the kitchen sink , change out a bad drain . tv propped on a chair have the baseball game on . his pager go off . Boxer happily extricate himself . boxer . call a plumber ! I gotta go ! boxer' wife ( 0.s. ) you call the plumber . boxer I be go . JI gotta go work . she charge in there . boxer' wife you always gotta go . the door slam , Boxer be already go . CUT to : 50 . ext . tj' apartment - day tj be halfway finish buffing out the wax he hand rubbed into the paint of he pampere - truck . his beeper go off . CUT to : ext . downtown L.A. - day the swat truck race through traffic , light and siren . escort by a ominous duo of black swat suburban . CuT to : ext . fast food parking lot - day a mobile swat command post have be set up . it bustles with cop . Street pull in , park he funky 1964 bronco next to tj 's wax cover truck . deke be ready and suite up . so be hondo and sanchez . deke and Street tap fist . STREET it 's okay . the vet 's here . what 's up ? deke I dunno . look big . Boxer pull up in @ minivan , wave at Street and deke , look glad to be there . . cut to : int . L.A. county jail - office - day a wide - eye civilian clerk watch a interpol warrant with alex' photo printing out of the fax . the clerk snatch the warrant , run to a supervisor 's office . CUT to : int . L.A. county jail - office - day a few minute later . very tense , a crisis atmosphere . pack with concerned sheriff on phone , some with two or three in they ear . some brass , some feds walk in . sherriff 1 {into phone ) ~ ++. arm and narcotic trafficking , murder , money launder , this guy be super big time . bigger than Pablo escobar . ( continued ) continued : sherriff 2 ( into phone ) yes , I know he 's not there . which ! court ? do you know - which court ? i sherriff 3 ( into phone , excited ) how long ago ? thanks , sir. ( announce to the room ) ) found he ! all eye on sheriff 3 as the room grow quiet . CUT to : ext . fast food parking lot - day the swat truck be back be open --. Inside we see rack of weapon and equipment . swat officer inside man computer and radio , a busy command post . hondo 's crew be cluster around he . hondo this be the scenario . we get a barricade suspect in a third flcor apartment . he 's delusional and armed with a AK - 47 . he have one hostage , he thirty year old ex-wife . first sguad be in assault position . second and third squad be man a perimeter . they want to use we 45 a distraction if they go in . radio suspect in custody . the suspect turn himself in . we get the child and the weapon . you guy can go home . '' ad-lib of " suspect in custody " throughout the Command Post . hondo okay , then . nevermind . Street turn the a disappointed deke . STREET this be a typical call - out . hurry up and wait . welcome to swat . hondo really good response time , people . that be the best resolution of all . suspect give up , no one hurt . ( continued ) continued : : STREET y so , hondo , what now ? hondo what be you do ? STREET mack at the beach . daddy need a booty call . . | hondo . from now on ; I do not ask and you do not tell . sergeant howard come run out of the command post . sergeant howard | sergeant hondo . there 's some kind ! : of crime lord on the jail bus with hl just a couple deputy guard he . i find that bus . and get he to headquarters . the bus just leave Superior Court downtown . hondo we be on it , sergeant Howard -- c'mon , people . Street , hondo and the rest of the team run to a swat suburban . cuT to : ext . downtown L.A. - day the sheriff 's bus head North on alameda , near Union Station . a police car follow it . CUT to : int . police car ( moving ) - day eurothug 1 drive , in a convincing faux . lapd uniform . the passenger be gq , also convincingly dress as a cop . gq ( into nextel ) we be approach the target . stand by . ~— he screw the silencer onto a pistol . eurothug 1 pull up : e close behing the bus -- pffft ! shoot the back tire . ( continued ) 53 . continued : which quickly deflate . CUT to : ext . alameda boulevard - day the Police car give a quick whoop , pull alongside the bus . the driver deputy be window be open . gq hey , you back wheel 's throw spark real bad . drive deputy okay , thanks . I will take a look . the bus puil over . the Police car park in front . gq get out , cross to the door . the deputy riding shotgun open the door . gq raise @ silence pistol and fire -- pfeft - clack - pfffft-clack ! gq drill the deputy in the face , shove he fall hody back into the bus -- int . sheriff' bus - continuous - day gq aim at the Driver -- pffft -clack - pfffft-clack ! -~ kill the Driver toc . the inmate stare in disbeliet . not Alex . he be expect this . the veterano look at Alex . veterano this be for you , be not it ? take I with you , dog .. I get three strike . the bus pull out and the fake cop car follow . CUT to : int . sheriff' bus ~ day gq unlock and enter the prisoner cage . inmate recoil in fear as he stride down the aisle , check face . from the Bus ' radio : . street' voice nine Tom King , this be thirty one David three . what 's you twenty ? time be precious , gq cross to Alex . ( continued ) . a ~ i 54 . continued : alex let 's go . get this off . gq unlock he hand and ankle . Alex nod for he to unlock the grateful veterano . again , from the radio : street' voice nine Tom King . what 's you location ? CUT to : int . swat suburban ( moving ) - day hondo drive with he with Street sit up front , try to raise the bus on the radio . STREET ( to hondo ) that 's a lot of bus to go miss . ( into mic ) nine Tom King . acknowledge . sanchez react . sanchez flip a bitch . I see something . hondo do a u-ie . sanchez point . sanchez ( cont 'd ) there , under the freeway . what they see the freeway overpass with the sheriff 's bus and the Fake cop in the Police car . gq , in uniform , escort Alex to the cop car . a back to scene Street 's suspicion be raise . STREET this be all wrong . hondo so we go in strong . hondo accelerate the suburban towards the bus . CUT to : 55 . ext . freeway overpass - day the swat suburban approach fast , its four door open . it stop . hondo and he crew pop-out .. gq look nervous , but manage to give they a code 4 ( " everything 's okay " ) handsign . Street and hondo trade unsure look . something be wrong . STREET wait a minute , buddy . screeeeech ! another police car slide in sideways to they right . eurothugs 2 & 3 pop out with custom assault rifle . they open fire on the suburban . on hondo and STREET caught totally off guard by the attack . only when bullet hit the suburban , do they snap out of it . hondo gun it in reverse . hondo target on the right ! Street fire at eurothugs 2 & 3 -- CUT to : int . STREET be mp -5 - day ( same time ) we see the inner working of he weapon . the bolt slam forward , strip a round from the mag , fire , the bolt move back extract , eject the cartridge . '' and repeat several time . CUT to : ext . freeway overpass - day Street , and now sanchez too , be shoot back . both eurothugs in the second Police car be hit and go down . on the bus amidst the confusion , the veterano sneak off and run down a alley . what STREET sees ( continued ) sé. continued : gq and Alex scramble for the fake Police car . where eurothug 1 raise a shotgun in they defense . scene . Street realize he weapon be out of ammo as he stare down the cavernous barrel of eurothug 1 's shotgun . sanchez and deke open fire on eurothug 1 with they mp - s's -- brdddt ! mp - 5 round dinging into the fake Police car -- Fake cop 1 be hit and slump . the patrol car drive up the curb , stop against a cement column . Street be grateful to be alive as he reload he weapon . CUT to : int . patrol car - day gq move the eurothug 1 's body out of the way so he can take the ’wheel . , Alex in back seat , scrunching down out of the gunfire . round pinging through the car . what alex sees Street , hondo , deke and sanchez approach es Boxer and tj cover . scene . alex who be this son 's of bitch ? gq ° they be good . they be very good . go. I will hold they off . gq grab the shotgun . he hand Alex a pistol . Alex be strike by he rare fidelity . Alex be out the car like a shot , run towards a alley . shield by the big cement column . boom ! gq fire . pellet whistle between hondo and Street . boom ! gq be hit with buckshot , slump in the seat . reverse ( continued ) | s© $ ?. continued : deke get he -- his shotgun smoking from the shot that fell gq . STREET -- thanks . : thump -thump-thump ! --. Street 's foot run over the patrel car 's roof . he follow Alex into that alley . deke and hondo check the police car . gq and eurothug 1 be dead . hondo clear ! tj , sanchez and boxer run towards the second Police car with draw gun . check it for threat . boxer clear ! deke run toward the sheriff' bus . cuT to : int . sheriff' bus - day four inmate be plan on follow the veterano . what they see deke step on board look like the toughest cop ever . scene deke - everyone ! sit ! instant compliance . deke slam shut the cage door . CUT to : ext . downtown L.A. - alley - day Street run at top speed . Chasing Alex , who be surprisingly agile . a Street run , cross a parking lot . enter another alley . Street catch up . Alex turn and fire over he shoulder . ( continued ) continued : bullet hit the wall around Street . Street dodge to one side . round impact the wall around he . Street extend he hand and grab Alex by the collar of he jumpsuit . : Street yank Alex to the ground . Street lose he balance and trip to the ground . Alex 's gun skitter across the asphalt . Alex resist , punch , kick at Street with surprising ferocity . the fight quickly become brutal and inelegant . so far a tossup . Alex reach for the gun he drop . here come hondo -- wham ! honde shove Alex to the ground . Street zip on @ pair of plastic flexcuff . Street catch he breath . hondo haul Alex to he foot . help up Street . who give Alex a angry look . STREET you be a dirty fighter . 2s Street a smolder look of anger . alex and you be a dead man , cop . Street react . there 's something scary about Alex . cuut to : ext . downtown L.A. ( aerial shot ) ~- day a caravan of swat suburban and black and white head toward parker Center . a very strong escort for Alex . cut to : int . parker CENTER - parking garage - day lapd uniform guard the area . a couple dozen feds wear blue windbreaker emblazon with a alphabet soup of letter . a bulletproof sedan enter with Alex in back , flanke by Street and hondo . sanchez , deke and tj follow in a second sedan . the fed , crane and gawk at Alex like he 's a rock star . his hope of escape dash , Alex appear sullen . ( continued ) weg continued : hondo and he crew Cross the garage , surround Alex . grim and tough , baptize by fire , they trust of each other total . sergeant howard you guy be gonna be famous . hondo what , why ? sergeant howard ( re : Alex ) you prisoner make Pablo escobar look like a bike thief . deputy Chief 's have a press conference upstairs , right now . hondo and Street trade look . CUT to : int . headquarters auditorium - day close on STREET look @ little overwhelm . what STREET sees minicam light and camera flash . there be dozen of reporter . scene hondo 's team flank Alex , who though on display , muster as much dignity as possible . the swat captain and a gloat deputy chief stand at a podium . also present be the motor officer who arrest Alex in the first place . deputy chief this , lady and gentleman be Alex De Leon , quite possibly the biggest criminal ever in lapd custody . he be the head of a vast criminal empire . the FBI have have Mr. De Leon under investigation for some time and plan to unseal a ninety page indictment later this week . he be arrest here in Los Angeles , by motor Officer Bill weaver during a routine traffic investigation . today , this brave swat personnel you see before foil a vicious attempt to break Mr. De Leon out of custody . ( continued ) continued : hondo and Street trade look as flash flutter in they face . reporter ad - lib question . | Alex take a deep breath and shout to be hear over the i din . of i alex | - I will pay one hundred million dollar to whoever can break I out of jail . ~ one hundred million deollar -- hondo and Street jerk he away from the podium . the room be electric . Alex smirk as Street slap he hand over he ! mouth . . | deputy chief : . get he out of here . the Reporters be happy for the quote . cuT to : int . poker' live room - day ( same time ) Inside a mobile home in the middle of the desert . poker sit on the couch watch the press conference with three surly biker . poker look vicious and scary , the year have sour he . insert tv -- Street and hondo escort away Alex . poker turn to he biker buddy . poker hundre million dollar ? that 's a cause worth die for . they agree . ccut to : int . parker CENTER - corridor - day Street stand in the corner , drink bottled water . he fill he palm , splashes it on he face . deke sit in a fold chair at the far end of the hall wait to be interview by detective . sanchez exit a interview room , look draw , tired . two stern detective exit . : investigator Officer kaye . ( continued ) continued : deke smile at sanchez and Street and enter the interview room . sanchez cross to Street . sanchez -- think that guy have ever be shot at ? you would think we be the bad guy from the question . STREET I think they forget they microscope up my ass . sanchez should not run around kill people . sanchez check she text message . smile when she see one from she son . sanchez ( cont 'd ) aw , jeez . nicky say the hundred million thing be the hot topic at recess . '' Street shrug , stare out the window . & : you okay ? a beat . sanchez ( cont 'd ) / . STREET what happen today be go to ripple through 2a lot of life . that guy we kill have kid , girlfriend , brother and parent . who do I pray for ? sanchez everyone . look , what you be feel be call remorse . it 's a good thing . STREET no shit , sanchez . I have do this before . - sanchez react . a beat , Street be sorry he snap at she . sanchez wrestle with the same issue , she let the tough girl persona slip . . sanchez suck , huh ? how do I go home and be mommy after this ? om , cut to : 'ot int . patrol car ( moving ) ~ day Three swat officer be armed to the tooth , ready to go , cruise slowly , look for trouble . very , very tense . hanging from the dash be . a am radio to a news show . they cruise the perimeter of parker Center . Security be astounding , barricade , checkpoint , coiled razor wire . dozen of heavily armed officer stand watch in helmet and body armor . no smile , no joke , this people be serious . radio anchor ( v.0 . ) can the guy back this up ? how do we know he 's not some crazy ? radio reporter ( v.0o . ) this be not some nutcase . this man be one of the most powerful , most connect criminal on the planet . his drug business aside , he 's know to traffic in missile technology , nerve agent , you name it . he 's a quickie mart for terrorist . lapd hes capture a major player . his wealth be measure in the billion . he know a conviction here mean life in prison cx worse . radio anchor ( v.o. ) hundre million . he could just write a check ? radio reporter ( v.0o . ) absolutely . several in fact . radio anchor ( v.o. ) wow . thanks , Tom . if you be plan on head downtown with a hacksaw ; do not . the lapd have cordon off -- back to scene the Driver sigh , change the station . talk radio host ( v.o. ) -- make a list of what one hundred million dollar get you today . okay . . ( rustling paper ) a hockey team . Nice . how about a thirty story office building downtown -- --click ! the Driver turn it off . CUT to : int . parker CENTER - operation CENTER - day crisis time . Department brass , senior swat officer , people from other agency and city department . the swat Captain and deputy Chief among the grim face . a officer escort hondo and Street to the swat Captain . hondo look like . a three ring clusterfuck in here . what do you need , boss ? swat captain the owner of this circus want a word with you two . the swat Captain introduce hendo and Street to agent hauser , a politico with perfect tooth . swat captain ( cont 'd ) agent hauser , this be honde , the man of the hour . and Jim Street . . he shake with hondo . agent hauser outstanding job , gentleman . if De Leon have gctten away , we would be look at a long and difficult manhunt . thank you . hondo we just cid what have to be do , sir . a swat captain this guy be lapd 's prisoner . the Chief want you and you people to escort he to Marine base twenty nine palm . away from civilian . hondo and guard by lot of Marines with heavy weapon . sound like the way to do it . how we get there ? agent hauser a Marine helicopter be inbound to pick you up . you have fifteen minute to get you people together and get up to the helipad . cuT to : 64 . int . parker CENTER - stairwell - day hondo and Street race each other down the stairwell . hondo you mind fly ? STREET not at all . Quick cruise over the desert to drop off the trash . CuT to : ext . downtown L.A. - day a Marine ch - 53 helicopter thwops over the city , . lumber beast . a couple grim face marine man machine gun , weapon bristle outward . two muscular lapd aerospatiale fly support as the ch - 53 approach parker center . in.b.g. six news copter watch from the edge cf the airspace . cut to : ext . parker CENTER - helipad - day Street help Alex out the door . swat sniper ring the helipad . alex I be not fly on that thing . STREET relax , kingpin . t present be agent hauser , the swat Captain . more cop and feds . swat sniper be deploy on - nearby rooftop . loud thwopping , the marine helicopter draw closer . CUT to : ext . parking garage - day a tall one with many level spiraling upward . a unobstructed view of parker Center a half mile away . push in several storey up , a custom van be park . back into the space , a rear window be miss ... push inside : 65 . int . custom van - day a sniper 's nest have be build into the van . foam baffle to muffle gunshot . poker load @ massive .50 caliber high - explosive tip bullet the size of a magic marker , into a huge rifle and look through a armsize scope . poker take a final look at a windchart of downtown , check a barometer . meticulous . aim , relax , breath . Zen . insert -- scope p.o.v. crosshair align on the Marine helicopter 's transmission , beneath the rotor hub . scene poker squeeze the trigger ... kapow ! ext .. los angele - day ( continuous ) ' follow the bullet as it travel a half - mile to its target at supersonic speed . CUT to : int . ch - 53 - day boom ! the bullet slam into the machinery under the rotor hub . explode , blast a hole in the transmission housing . Marines inside react to spray of hot hydraulic fluid . CUT to : int . custom van - day id poker be already lining up the next shot . kapow ! -- follow the bullet ext . downtown L.A. - the bullet - day ( continuous ) it arc a mile ovér downtown 's building , chase by its shockwave -- int . ch - 53 - gearbox - day ( continuous ) -- the bullet smashes its way inside -- boom ! -- detonate , pinging shrapnel throughout . ( continued ) oy 66 continued : 3222222222 ! a horrible grinding @s gear devour themselves . CUT to : ext . parker CENTER - helipad - day crack ! the rotor separate , whip free . Street grab Alex , hurl he to the ground . thwack ! a chunk of rotor blade hit the wall where they be stand . hondo sniper ! ad-lib of " sniper . " the helicopter drop like a stone . it thud onto the intersection -- bawoomp ! fuel ignites . shredd and scatter the airframe . the rotor blade separate , ricochet off a building -- slashing apart several patrol car . '' the police helicopter Zoom away to safety . swat sniper scan the building around they look for the source of the attack . they detect nothing . CUT to : int . parking garage - day poker exit the van . he cross to the structure 's central shaft . clip a rope to the rail , drop down a rope bag . poker jump into the shaft , rappel down ~- his boot thud on street level . easy . '' CUT to : ext . parking garage - day student at a bus stop gawk at the column of black smoke rise in the distance . . new angle poker leave unnotice , get into a wait car , that slowly drive away . the man be slick . CUT to : ext . parker CENTER - helipad - day smoke and flame . wreckage in the street below . aghast reaction . Alex be surprised - as anyone . Street drag he back into the building as hondo and the other form a tight protective ring . swat sniper still search through they powerful optic . nothing . | . : CUT to : int . parker CENTER - operation CENTER - day top lapd brass . operation officer work phone and keyboard . cable news coverage of the chopper crash . the } FBI Agents be downcast , worried . a fed on the phone turn to agent héuser . fed on the phone Sir , the helicopter be shot down by U.S. make fifty caliber high explosive round . they be trace the lot number now . image of the crash replay on a television show the local news . the swat Captain , hondo , Street and agent hauser watch it . Street angrily look at a bank of security camera moniter that show alex in a helding cell . deke and tj guard he . STREET that man be not worth the spit that Marines shine they boot with . hondo , we should expect to get hit again . agent hauser * that 's why we want LA swat guard he . nobody 's get through you guy . swat captain you get the line on the threat ? hondo the threat be anyone who want 4 hundred million dollar payday , sir . @ the swat Captain react , look around the room , study face . : ( continued ) continued : STREET that 's the biggest bounty I ever hear of . the swat Captain 's boss , .a big scary lapd commander , cross with he stress aide . lapd commander Captain , the Chief and the Mayor want Mr. De Leon out of the city before nightfall . swat captain yes , sir . the lapd Commander and aide cross to a group of older feds . the swat Captain look at he watch , then at hondo and Street . swat captain ( cont 'd ) I want De Leon out of my hair . Street can not help look at the swat Captain 's shiny bald - head . swat captain ( cont 'd ) we be lose we daylight . let 's hear some idea . STREET who ever shot down the helicopter have do it before and will do it again . . hondo Captain , we can not fly he out . we will have to drive he there . STREET . it 's two hour under the best condition . hondo and we get the worst . we have to think up a rock solid plan and somehow keep it a secret . agent hauser and the swat Captain trade look . int . parker CENTER - garage - day forty swat cop prepare they gear and weapon . vehicle be be readied to caravan out of L.A. ( continued ) to : " '' '' wer , continued : suburban , armored car . regular officer , Police cruiser . dog team check vehicle for explosive . hondo' crew be ready to go . - a sanchez check she weapon . tj and deke do pushup . Street admire a armore suv be prepped by mechanic . STREET look at that bad boy . ' that 's what we be take he in , right ? the ultimate fight suv . we be gonna be 'mad flossin ' . sanchez give Street a look . STREET ( cont 'd ) what ? sanchez you be worse than my kid . a few pace away , Boxer talk on he cellphone . hang up . he hand Street five radio . boxer Street , you pass this out ? I gotta go to the can real bad . STREET yeah , sure . get out of here . hondo exit the stairwell . pass Boxer . hondo hurry up . we be on . boxer - gimme two second , big dog . hondo Gather up . his pecple gather around . Street take a radio , and pass out the other five . hondo ( cont 'd ) okay , we be gonna extract the guest of honor from he hold cell and deliver he like the mail . CUT to : int . parker CENTER - garage - day ( 5 minute later ) a army of swat and metro cop climb inside , and onto the they convoy of vehicle . : sergeant howard mount up ! move it ! we be roll ! the elevator door OPEN to reveal Street , hondo and the other escort Alex , ali wear gasmasks . they cross to the armore suv . and climb inside . heavy door thud close . vehicle pull out . CUT to : ext . parker CENTER - day riot cop be ready on the perimeter . barricade be roll back . the convoy exit . vehicle after vehicle leave the building , the armore suv '' and its protector . CUT to : ext . downtown los angele - day the convoy leave downtown proper , the armore suv in the center . police motorcycle block intersection as it pass . people on the sidewalk watch the spectacle . the convoy approach a freeway onramp . CuT to : ext . freeway - day East of downtown . a industrial area with truck and rail facility . the convoy make good progress . the long snake of assort police vehicle and motorcycle proceed like clockwork . new angle a big rig , a cross country move van be on a side street that deadnend at the freeway . the Big rig accelerate dangerously toward the convoy . the Big rig leap the curb , tear through a chain link fence , the only thing separate it from the fast move car . wham ! the Big rig nail a patrol car , two car ahead of the armore suv , bulldoze it across the lane . ( continued ) opti , continued : screeching of brake and wafting tire smoke as four lane of traffic skid to a stop . a second big rig also a move truck , come barrel down the same side street . it jump the curb , careen toward the convoy . wham ! the second big rig hit a patrol car immediately behind the armore suv . the first big rig be bulldoze the patrcl car right into the concrete median . wham ! top in a control collision . block the entire freeway . the second big rig shove its patrol car against the median -- wham ! ten yard behind the first trailer . beautiful choreography . . the armore suv and a single patrol car be now trap in the corral create by the big rig . cut off from the rest of the convoy . CUT to : ext . freeway - big rig corral - day the side door of the second big rig open . assaulter in gasmasks , sixteen of they , leap out . some converge on the armore suv , other form a perimeter . they throw down : smoke grenade that quickly obscure the area . lead this gangster crew be a shotcaller , sport a chrome AK - 47 . the three cop in the pen up patrol car open fire with m - 16 rifle . a assaulter be hit , go down . the patrol car become a target , take multiple bullet hit . the shotcaller leap onto the hood of the armore suv . he aim the AK down at the windshield and pull the trigger . brddddddddddt ! -- AK have a distinctive , fear sound . every cop in earshot take cover . ( continued ) tn continued : AK bullet jackhammer into the windshield . CUT to : int . armore suv - day ( same time ) AK slug pound a deep divot into the armored glass . the vehicle be defenseless against such concentrate fire . shotcaller open this shit right now . we get no beef with the police . we want homeboy . open up . click -- the driver unlock the door . hand raise in submission . assaulter open the door and rip away hKlex 's gasmask . something be very wrong with he face -- wait , it 's a mannequin . the furious shotcaller tear off the gasmasks of the swat officer on either side -- also mannequin cut to : int . SMALL STORM drain tunnel - day ka - boom ! -- explosive rip a hole in the roof . boot splash into the murky water . hondo and he crew drop into the tunnel . flashlight slash ' the murk . STREET what 's that sensuous aroma ? . deke head up . alex ( 0.s . ) I be not go in the sewer . STREET c'mon down . Alex be lower into the tunnel . heavily shackle , - he be dress just like the other , he wear swat fatigue , a helmet and body armor . his hand be cuffed and he have no weapon . tilt up the swat Captain peer down the hole . swat captain we arrest he alive . you get he there alive . ( continued ) continued : six confident face look back . hondo you get it , sir . okay , people . move . : get six silhouettes disappear down the long concrete tube . slosh footstep echo and fade . ext . freeway - big rig corral - day screech-screech-screech ! Three get -away van stop on the opposite side of the freeway . as dozen of siren approach . shotcaller where be he ? driver look , they do not tell we shit . furious , the shotcaller check a stopwatch tape to he AK . shotcaller go ! we goin ' ! now ! move it ! '' the assaulter hop the median and pile into the three get - away van -- they speed off down the freeway int . STORM drain tunnel - day a larger tunnel , Alex slog through the muck , he escort . hondo 's radio crackle with é garble voice . hondo ( into radio ) . say again . more garble nonsense . hondo ( cont 'd ) no signal . we be on we own . Street look at hondo . STREET bad feel , be not it ? a beat . they walk on , ( continued ) surround by a rat seem to glow in the dark . continued : STREET ( cont 'd ) the guy in the convoy be chillin’ with the window down on @ nice day . Street get look . STREET ( cont 'd ) not that I be complain . deke I see a rat , I be shoot it . STREET be it rat season ? hondo it 's always rat season . STREET here 's King cheese . Alex stop , nail Street with a very intimidating look . alex listen you hyperactive freak , I 'ma lot of thing , but I have never break my word . Street get Alex move . STREET you wanna gold star ? alex I want a tetanus shot . cuT to : int STORM drain tunnel ( 10 minute later ) ~- day T. Street and sanchez scout a T in the tunnel , find a tangle of debris and shopping cart . they inspect the obstacle , climb it over it . Street hear something . he motion for sanchez to be still and flip down he night vision goggle . insert -- night vision p.o.v . suddenly several rat scurry away . scene ( continued ) ae , continued : sanchez what 's up ? STREET -- rat . lot and lot of rat . sanchez give the other back up the tunnel a " clear " signal - with she flashlight . hondo and the other arrive at the T , begin weaving through the shopping cart . . sanchez how much further ? hondo pause , consult e map . hondo almost there . they move out . Light beam from weapon slice the murk . CUT to : ext . L.A. river - day late afternoon , shadow grow long . North of downtown , near the railyard , the old bridge reach into East Les Angeles . a orange Water and power work van be back up to e st drain open . two swat cop wait , disguise as maintenance worker , worker , machine pistol be hide under baggy orange coverall . one be sergeant howard , we meet he earlier , and he buddy sergeant yamato . trustworthy and tough . cur yo ; ext . STORM drain - day hondo and crew move towards the light at the end of the tunnel , cautious . more debris -- they pick they way around trash , shopping cart , pallet . : sanchez mmmm . Fresh air . they see the Water and power Van , the two swat cop in disguise . hondo sergeant Howard ? ( continued ) continued : sergeant howard affirmative , hondo . c'mon out . hondo , Street , tj , deke , sanchez , Boxer and Alex exit the storm drain , filthy , wet .. : : sergeant yamato we have to move fast . he 's wary , watch the embankment . sergeant howard get inside the van , people . they shove Alex into the van . then hondo , Street and the other pile in . the sergeant Howard close the door behind they . a quick and stealthy operation . the Water and power Van pull away . cuT to : ext . L.A. neighborhood - day '' a tough old berrio of tired clapboard house along the L.A. River , a residential enclave surround by heavy industry , rail , warehouse . all very quiet . the Water and power van pass through . CUT to : int . dwp van ( moving ) - day hondo and he people try and relax in the windowless back . sergeant yamato the cenvoy get hit hard . Real hard . sergeant howard Jerry morale be dead and two patrolmen be on the table at Drew King . both with head and chest wound . Street , hondo , the other react . STREET who hit the convoy ? Alex be curious too . sergeant yamato gang banger . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : sergeant yamato ( cont 'd ) Three different set come together . money over color , I guess . four be dead . two be critical and ten be in custody .. STREET serious mayhem . 1 Street glare at Alex . | - " STREET ( cont 'd ) '' you offer be get a lot of people ( . kill . | alex i then let 's end this . why can not we find a solution that please everyone . '' I would be lucky to have people like 4 you always protect I . let 's work together . not against each other . STREET sure . let 's work together . I have always want to be a henchmen . I be sell . tu ? hondo tj , I believe the singular would be henchman . STREET right , a henchman . sanchez henchperson . . td hundre million , right ? I could retire early . grow fat and soft , watch a big tv . deke . laker 's season ticket ... private jet for the away game . put a second story on dad 's restaurant . STREET what be you gonna do with you dough , Boxer ? of : boxer . 'ot q c'mon , Street . that 's not funny . we get a mission to complete here . ( continued ) no 78. continued : sanchez I be buy a ticket on the soyuz like that space tourist guy . hondo can I be generalissimo of my own private army ? and I want a town name after I . STREET welcome to hondo . hondo and every baby bear in it . male and female . Alex be not amused , he smolder darkly . alex I be a innocent man . when this mistake be clear up , I be suing all of you . . Street look at Alex , sense the scope of he crime , grow serious . STREET you be evil be big . I can see that . that 's why I would take a builet and die to keep you off the street . nod of agreement from he comrade . ad - lib of " I too . " td we all will . Alex be surprised by they conviction . Street point at he swat patch . STREET that 's what this mean . hondo amen there , Street . thud ! something heavy hit the roof . thud ! again . up - front , the sergeant Howard react as burn gasoline wash down the front windshield . sergeant howard we be be attack ! CUT to : ext . L.A. neighborhood - day the Water and power Van accelerate .. two more molotovs arc towards it . crash against the-pavement in fireballs . the crack of gunfire . int . water and power van ( moving ) - day sergeant yamato cut away he dwp overall with a k - bar knife , swat gear and uniform underneath . he turn to the guy in back . sergeant yamato get ready for ae fight . in back , hondo and he people ready they weapon . hondo smell like a ambush . Alex grin , hope of freedom soar . STREET somecne talk . somebody open they fat mouth . oglare at Alex ) everyone 's gotta price ? be that it ? be that the way of the world ? alex no , there 's just enough idiot like you to screw thing up . cuT to : ext . L.A. neighborhood - day the Water and power Van gun the engine and make a hard right -- fling burn gasoline off the roof . another molotov arc in , just miss , crash against the pavement -~ whoomp ! make a large fireball . CUT to : int . water and power van ( moving ) - day Street key he radio . holding on as the van turn again . smoke fill the van . ( continued ) continued : STREET {into radio ) this be thirty one david three . we be under attack . officer need help . : a sharp turn send Street sprawling on top of sanchez . STREET ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . CUT to : ext . L.A. neighborhood ~- day screech ! the fire engulf Water and power Van skid to a4 halt . a barricade of tire old car and appliance block the road . behind the water and power van a molotov hit the street and explode . . the back door open with a outrush of smoke . hondo and he crew bail out . deke sling Alex over he shoulder . they run into e long dirt alley . . the sergeant Howard and sergeant yamato bail out of the front . the sergeant Howard rip away he dwp coveralis like paper , revealing the gear and weapon underneath . gunshot -- from a shadow carry a rifle , run alongside a house . CUT to : ext . L.A. neighborhood - alley - day ~ the team run . Alex drape over deke 's shoulder . the sound of gunfire behind they . the crack of a rifle bullet pass overhead . hondo see anyone ? STREET no. nobody . but there 's gunfire all around we . crack -thwap ! the sergeant Howard get hit in the arm . ( continued ) a ry continued : sergeant howard I be hit . Street help he keep move , - he arm dangle limply . they get to the end of the alley . where a teenage girl stand in the gateway of a sturdy iron fence , she wave they closer . teenage girl over here . they be crazy , they want to kill you , over here . you can get out through my backyard . at the end of the alley six cholos appear at the end of the alley . Street throw a flashbang stun grenade down the claustrophobic alley . bang ! the cholos take cover . reverse STREET and hondo trade look . they option be few . STREET let 's go . go. get in there . everyone run into the back yard . Street be last through . he shut the gate behind they . CUT to : ext . L.A. neighborhood - backyard - day the teenage girl disappear around a corner of the house . the clang of a gate 0.s. we people find a big lock gate block access to the front yard -- it 's a trap . cuT to : _ ext . L.A. neighborhood - alley - day be block by the six cholos who take position with rifle and shotgun . cholo ( into nextel ) we get ‘em box in . CUT to : ext . L.A. neighborhood - backyard - day sanchez tie a first aid bandage on sergeant Howard 's arm and - tie the useless arm - to he vest . there be no where to go . the income gunfire have they pin against the side of the house . ding-ding -ding ! bullet hit all around they . hondo ( into he radio ) thirty one David three . we be surround and under heavy fire . multiple suspect . request additional unit . tilt up oe gangster shoot down at the team from the second storey of the two neighbor house . give they a bird 's eye view of where hendo and he people be corralec behind wringht iron and barb wire . sanchez sniper ! stay down . Street take a quick peek over the fence . STREET shit , no target ! ding-ding -ding ! some bullet hit the fence where Street xaise he head . hondo they be pretty good . twe pit bull go crazy next door . from the alley : cholo ( 0.s. ) hey cop . all you be dead unless you send out the hundred million dollar homeboy . : hondo okay . you can have he . De not shoot . hondo wink at he surprised people . hondo ( cont 'd ) buy we some second until back - up get here . ( continued ) continued : deke they throw one of they gas bomb in here , we be cook . STREET let 's go for it . I would rather be shot than burn . boxer L.A. river 's right there behind that row of house , we go back across the alley , through that yard , along the river to the warehouse . set up a defensive perimeter there . hondo beautiful idea , Boxer . hit that window with flashbang . I and Street will cover high six -- can you shoot ? sergeant Howard hold a4 Glock in he leave hand . sergeant howard I can shoot . rondo not gonna trip , be you , Street ? Street shake he head : no . hondo ( cont 'd ) ready . and ... move it ! sanchez and tj chuck flashbang into the upstairs window . bang -bang ! bang -bang ! Boxer and deke , who have Alex over he shoulder , move out ... STREET target ! brdddt ! brddddddt ! Street and hondo shoot at @ cholo on the second story . deke run ahead with Alex over he shoulder , Boxer lead he . they reach the gate . CUT to : ext . L.A. neighborhood - alley - day the sergeant stop at the gate , lay down cover fire , hondo and . Street keep the bad.guys.down , ready to hose the upstairs window of the two house as deke and Boxer run for it . deke and Boxer run across to the next backyard . vault the low fence . deke falter . Boxer grab deke 's vest . help he up . boxer c'mon . c'mon. c'mon . keep move . deke good look out , Boxer . hondo and Street cover the house . the sergeant cover the alley . hondo sanchez , tj . - move up . - they do . CUT 10 : ext . l.a , neighborhood - other backyard - day ' Boxer lead deke alongside the house , carry Alex on ii broad shoulder . Boxer stop . look at deke -- do a jujitsu move , kick out deke 's leg . deke fall to the ground . Boxer shove he mp - 5 machine gun in deke 's ear . boxer you seem like a nice guy , deke . think about you wife and baby . I will bust you head if you fight I . deke Roger that , Boxer . do not shoot , cowboy . you on he side ? Boxer take deke 's weapon . flexcuff he to a gas pipe . boxer no . my side . who want to be a millionaire ? I . Alex smile , thanking he maker . Boxer grab Alex by he chain . ( continued ) ss tt continued : boxer ( cont 'd ) az c'mon asshole , you be mine now . 3©o Boxer and Alex cut through the yard to the street beyond . , CUT to :. ext . L.A. neighborhood - alley - day sanchez and tj leapfrog to the gate . sanchez , move ! boom ! someone fire a shotgun from inside the house . brdddddt ! hondo and Street cover the upper floor . the veterano and the three other cholos léan out -- pop ! pop ! Fire some shot down the alley at the sergeant . brdddt ! yamato answer they with a burst . hondo go , go , keep move . he wave sanchez and tj into the next yest . move ! honde and Street dart across the alley . ricochet zing around they . they take up fire position near sanchez and tj . hondo ( cont 'd ) oy hondo ( cont 'd ) cover ! the sergeant move and fire across the alley , skip round across the dirt at the veterano and he henchmen . curt to : ext . L.A. neighborhood - cther backyard - day deke flexcuff to the pipe . deke over here ! here come hondo , sanchez , tj , Street and the two sergeant . deke ( cont 'd ) Boxer flip out . he take off with De Leon that way . ( continued ) continued : Street , hondo , everyone be shocked to hear that . hondo Street , recover deke . snick ! Street cut the plastic cuff . they run to catch up . . | deke I need a weapon . Street give deke he pistol . deke ( cont 'd ) thanks , homie . they take off run . CUT to : ext . CITY recreation feild - day some softball diamond . tennis court . a pool . a large gym . hondo , he team and the sergeant run toward the gym the yard they just exite be in b.g. guntire . follow they cholos rush forward to fili the vacuum . apphoach siren . CUT to : ext . gym - day [ boxer and alex a run alongside the warehouse reach the corner . what they see a bell longranger helicopter . rotor beginning to turn as its engine whine . poker stand by the helicopter , hold a svd dragonuv sniper rifle , grin . with four biker in scary assault gear , this man be hunter . - . Boxer help Alex into the helicopter . poker give hima hand . poker damn it 's good to see you . Boxer , you be one solid cat . ( continued ) continued : boxer time to start a new life . the longranger 's engine whine . angle on hondo , Street , the sergeant , deke and sanchez , tj approach the corner . street' p.o.v. . the chopper come into view -- about the take off . Boxer and poker sit inside . scene STREET it 's poker . the helicopter lift off . poker and Boxer both open fire on Street , hondo , tj and sanchez . they dive behind the corner of the warehouse . STREET ( cont 'd ) stay here . poker 's the best shot out there . Street fire @ burst as he run to a dumpster , take cover . hondo and the other cover he as he crew lay down cover fire as he run out -- brdddddt ! lot of shoot from the helicopter -~ rat -at-at-at ! bullet dinging into the dumpster . TI and deke cover hondo and sanchez as they join Street behind the steel dumpster . bullet dinging into it madly . hondo we be a team , Street . do not forget we again . Street nod . he see sanchez and deke be with he . hondo . ( cont 'd ) engage on three . one-two -three . the three pop up , Street aim at poker -- who be aim right back at he with a sniper rifle . brdddddt ! sanchez hit a biker ~~ who falis off the skid . the helicopter lurch . ( continued ) a - continued : as poker fire -- his shot go wide , miss Street -- - dunk ! punch right through sanchez 's vest . Street look on in disbelief as she collapse . reverse on poker sit in the chopper , with a wick smile . on STREET brdddt ! -- he futilely empty he mp - 5 at the poker . the quick move helicopter drop into the L.A. River bed and fly North , stay beneath the bridge . and off the radar . treet and hondo strip off sanchez 's vest and equipment . sanchez I be okay , I be okay . STREET you be net okay . you be hit . hondo ( into radio ) Shots fire . Officer down . L.A. River at the figueroa overpass . request helovac . hondo grab he cell , call the Captain . hondo ( cont 'd ) gotta tell the boss what 's up . ( into phone ) six , not the package have escape . | {a beat , into phone ) on a helicopter northbound in the L.A. River channel . Street pull a wound dress from he pocket , tear it open with he tooth , cover the rag bullet hole near she neck . tj and deke hold she down . ts relax , sanchez . sanchez no , I be gonna get they . STREET we will get they , do not move . ( continued ) 89 continued : sanchez chill out as the seriousness of she wound dawns on she . ar helicopter approach . --- the-team react . deke it 's okay . it 's the helovac . here come a sleek sikorsky ems . the chopper flare in to land . its wheel hit the concrete . two paramedics hop out . hondo who else be fly ? paramedic nobody . we be it . everyone 's ground . the paramedics check sanchez . a ambulance pull up . two more paramedics hop out . sanchez I be fine -- hondo , go get they . do not let they get away . STREET be she stable ? be it. bad ? paramedic no. look worse than it be . Street grab hondo by the shoulder . STREET hondo , if they get away we will never find they . hondo look at Street , at the sikorsky . sergeant howard ~ go get ‘em hondo . sanchez do not think twice . go. hondo herd tj , deke and Street toward the sikorsky ems . rondo let 's go ! Street follow hondo to the helicopter . deke and tj be reluctant , then quickly join they . cuT to : int . sikorsky ems - day the pilot and co- Pilot stare at the four wet and filthy swat cop in the roomy back of the-chopper . Medical equipment everywhere . hondo scream at the pilot . hondo follow the river . pilot I do not have permission . STREET you do not need permission . you get swat . deke let 's go . Police emergency . the Pilot twist the throttle . the engine scream and the fast and powerful helicopter climb skyward , pursuit of poker and Alex in the slower longranger . street' p.o.v. the paramedics work on sanchez , and the injure sergeant Howard . both give the helicopter a thumb up . several lapd patrol car arrive . cut to : int . longranger - day barrel up the l.a River -- already near the foothill to the North . poker unlock Alex 's shackle . Alex massage he wrist . alex thank you . click -clack -- poker handcuffs he to a hand strap in the longranger . he hand Alex a cellphone . poker you call whoever you need to call . I get a place where you can hang out . you will be nice and safe . when I get my money , you get you freedom . a beat . alex fifty million cash . ( continued ) 10 continued : poker redden with anger . poker I will throw you out of this helicopter right now if you try to play I . hundre million . dollar . american dollar . Cash . i alex this be a lot of money . I mean physically , several hundred pound of currency . this will be very difficult for you to transport . poker grin at he scurrilcus buddy . poker shit , that 's a high -class problem . alex a hundred million american dollar in cash . we be agree then . good . tney shake . Alex dial he cellphone . . CUT to : ~ int . sikorsky ems ~ day '' near the Junction of the 210 end the 2 freeways . hover above the mountain . all eye look for the longranger . td TI see it . in that canyon . ti' p.o.v. the longranger fly nap of the Earth through @ mountain canyon . the tan helicopter , nearly invisible . back to scene the sikorsky follow into the rough mountain . hondo slow up . keep on he , but do not let he see we , stay at this altitude . when he land , drop on top of he . just swoop in like a eagle , get it ? the Pilot give hondo a thumb up . but he eye betray fear . Street listen to he radio , react . make a handsign for hondo to get on the radio . hondo point at he shattered Motorola . ( continued ) continued : Street hand hondo he throat mic and earpiece . STREET Captain lynnwood . hondo accept the equipment . : hondo yeah , boss . what 's up ? intercut : int . parker CENTER - crisis room - day the swat Captain and agent hauser be increasingly disturb by the alarming report on they radio . swat captain hondo , turn that helicopter around right now . hondo I can not do that , sir . swat captain what 's you position ? . hondo North of duarte above the Wildernes Area . we be head deeper into the mountain . swat captain there 's a county helicopter scramble right now . he 's seven minute away . Street hear that , turn to honde . STREET poker be escape and evasion '' train . he can disappear into this terrain . we will never find he . the lapd Commander grab the microphone . lapd commander this be the operation officer . you be flight be not authorize . you be to land immediately . hondo . respectfully , sir . I be in hot pursuit lon of Alex De Leon and the man who shot oe down the Marine helicopter . a ( more ) ( continued ) continued : hondo ( cont 'd ) Captain , we be the only eye on this guy . if we turn around , they will escape . : : the swat Captain take back the mic . swat captain hondo , come back and we will figure this out . , end intercut hondo look at Street , thing be too serious for irony . hondo look at Street , deke and tj . they be behind he . hondo tear out he headset wire . hondo we be on we own . STREET we be all we need . '' Street , hondo deke and tj trade look , tap fist . the mountain give way to a endless sea cf desert hill , anonymcus road and trailer and uninvite scrub . sikorsky ems pilot p.o.v. the longranger zip along hugging the ground , whipping through @ canyon to stay out of sight . scene sikorsky ems pilot that be some damn good fly . deke watch the longranger though binocular . deke he 's slow . there 's something down there . there 's some mobile home . vehicle . hondo listen up ! this be the rule of engagement : there be no rule . . STREET just leave poker to I . ( continued ) continued : it 's understand . CUT to : ext . poker' compound -.day on a long parched abandon cattle ranch . five mobile home form a makeshift fort . the longranger slow , lean back on its tail and do a touch and go , landing just long enough so Alex , poker , Boxer and the three biker can hit the ground run . they carry nondescript case of weapon and equipment . the longranger climb back into the sky and speed away . the dead silence of the desert . Alex react to the ramshackle surroundings . poker c'mon , man . JI get a bar , satellite tv . Sports package . hot tub . alex De you get the soccer match ? poker I get everything . I get the satellite ~ hack . Alex and poker be warming to each otner . they hear the turbine engine of the income sikorsky ems . CUT to : int . sikorsky ems - day come in fast . Street take the binoc from deke . street' binoc p.o.v . - poker on one knee , aim he sniper rifle right at they . scene STREET turn ! turn ! dink ~ dink ~ thunk -dink -thunk -thunk-dink ! poker 's bullet punch through the plexiglas and aluminum nose . : . the pilot and CO - pilot ( continued ) continued : be hit , both slump against they shoulder belt . the sikorsky tilt precariously . Street lunge for the control -- grab the stick and collective . Street work throttle and pitch . the chopper level into a flat spin . the ground rush up fast . Street jam the heel of he palm against the rudder pedal . that slow the chopper 's spin . the ground be rushing up -- wham ! ext . poker' compound > day the sikorsky hit the desert floor . pitches violently onto one side , the rotor blade hack the ground . alex and poker , the biker watch in fascination as the helicopter roll across the desert . cur to : int . sikorsky ems - day the cabin buck , window shatter , dirt and gravel be scoop inside . the door open -- dump Street , aimost gently , ento the desert scrub like a aluminum tumbleweed . cur to : ext . poker' compound - day Street watch the helicopter roll away . he 's uninjured but bewilder . the wild craft finally grind to a stop . Street run through the dust . follow a trail of medical supplies . to the bent airframe , a jumble of body inside -- movement . hondo be okay . so be tj and deke . hondo crawl out . suddenly Street quickdraw he pistol -- aim at hondo . not at hondo -- past he . ( continued ) continued : reverse over hondo' shoulder be @ camouflaged sniper -- pop - pop ! Street hit he . the camoflague sniper collapse , drop he customize rifle . he be astoundingly invisible , just another bush . STREET careful . the hill be alive . hondo see that Street save he , nod gratefully . the sound of gunfire -~ dink -dink -dink ! the wreckage be take bullet hit . Street , deke and tj dive behind it . hondo tj , where 's that fire come from ? tj creep low around a smolder chopper turbine . what tj sees he take in tiny detail of the terrain . a couple hundred yard away be a half bury school bus reinforce with ~ sandbags , hide with grass . the muzzle flash of weapon be fire at they . back to scene TI they're in a school bus bury up to the window , reinforce . sandbagge . . deke we be pin . it will take them some time to flank we , but they will . STREET then they will cut we to piece ina crossfire . a magazine full of AK round slam into the wreckage . ricochet ping and zing around they . hondo tj , Street . Fire into they position . deke ; gimme some flashbang and watch my back with that boomer . I wanna see if that spider hole go anywhere . fun . ! deke hand hondo some flashbang . kerchack ! cock he shotgun . ( continued ) continued : hondo low crawl to the bunker . tj and Street shoot into the window of the bury school bus . cuT to : int . sniper bunker - day . hondo wriggle inside -- there be a long tunnel -- hondo heave in a flashbang -- bang ! hondo peer in -- sees a man with a gun pop - pop ! hondo react first and kill he . CUT to : ext . poker' compound ~ day tj shoot he weapon , cover Street and : deke as they run to the sniper bunker . crack -zip -whap ! a bullet just miss deke. CUT to : : int . school bus bunker - day poker and Alex be inside . poker take aim with he rifle , disappointed to have just miss deke . the biker shocting steadily at the crash helicopter in the distance . alex get I out of here now . call that helicopter back . . poker call the helicopter . keep they pin by the wreckage . there 's no way they can make it here without get pick off . poker look at Alex . poker ( cont 'd ) we be go to have to disappear into the mountain for a while . you look like you can handle yourself . alex / I will show you the alp sometime . poker look through he rifle scope . wait for tj to run for it . ( continued ) continued : c'mon . poker go for it . | ext . poker' compound - day . | deke and Street '' { tj signal he 's : fire with they crack-thwap ! -- " he go down . Street grab tj in the bunker , wait for tj to reload . ready . deke and Street lay down a cover weapon . tj be hit bad in the leg . poker get he . and pull he inside the bunker . int . poker' compound ~ sentinel be bunker - day cuT to : Street watch a curtain of bullet fall where tu be . a lethal steel rai n Street save tj 's life . TI thanks , brother . & tj and Street tap fist . hondo where the hell be we ? STREET poker 's funhouse . hondo what ? STREET we use to talk about how to 's build the perfect defense . how to stop even we . he go and build it . this tunnel lead to that bury school bus . they be look at Street . crazy . deke STREET we gotta move . . ) tj 's leg be bad , he tie a belt on it . ( continued ) continued : TI it 's bad , I can not make it . CUT to : int . poker' compound - | sentinel' tunnel - day the storm drain be luxurious compare to this . hondo , deke and Street crawl on knee and elbow . Street lead the way . determined , try to be cool with death hide in every shadow . treet watch for booby - trap . there be a fork in the tunnel . hondo right or leave ? STREET neither . 7 Street pause , look around with a flashlight . he knock on the wall with the heel of he knife . the dislodge a hide panel revealing a hide tunnel . STREET ( cont 'd ) I know how poker think . that side tunnel be booby trap . hondo .react . Street continue . stop . the bury school bus be a few foot up the tunnel . Street signal for hondo and deke to get ready . hondo hand Street two flashbang . Street pull the pin . CUT to : int . school bus bunker - day quite roomy and posh . easy -chair . tv 's , video game . the three biker watch the landscape through they rifle scope . two flashbangs be throw in . bang - bang ! hondo roll in , fire -- pop - pop - pop - pop ! Street follow -- pop - pop - pop ! together they drop all three guardian . deke enter . tap fist with Street . ( continued ) | oc continued : deke h mean and clean . '' they hear the longranger returning . STREET we gotta stop they . | deke run out of the bus , fast as he can . hondo and Street ! follow . CUT to : ext . foker' compound - helicopter p.o.v . - day the longranger be return . it 's a warzone below . the wreck sikorsky burn . deke have a good head start . Street and hondo follow he to the far side of the compound , where the longranger be landing . cut to : ext . poker' compound - day . the longranger flare in to land . 'o e angle on | Alex and poker be wait to hop on board with backpack , outdoor gear . find tj he 's in the sniper 's bunker , look through the sniper rifle . insert -~- sniperscope p.o.v. tj be try to settle crosshair on the longranger pilot . scene the longranger be settling beyond the the mobile home tj 's shot be about to be block -- now or never . pow ! tj fire . on the longranger the bullet dink through the canopy . Hit the Pilot 's chest with a thud . he 's do . the helicopter land hard . but be okay . right in front of poker and Alex . poker blink at the dead pilot . ( continued ) 101 . continued : poker aw , shit . " Alex unbuckle the Pilot and jerk he out of the choppe alex I own five of this . let 's go . Alex hop in the pilot 's seat . poker throw the bass Alex check the cockpit with quick familiarity . Alex the throttle and yank the collective back the jetranger climb into the air . poker hop in the passenger seat . look for target with he deadly dragonuv sniper rifle . on deke rounding the corner of a mobile home . kerchack ! -- he rack he shotgun . aim and fire boom -boom --boom -boom ! CUT to : int . longranger cockpit - day deke 's buckshot bounce around , tear through the instrument panel . SPARKS as equipment short out . the engine shut down . here come the ground ... alex hold on ! wham !. chopper hit , the skid bend , the tail rotor thwops into the ground . poker drop he sniper rifle and dive away from the wreck . deke pump he fist in celebration . premature , because when poker stop roll , he swing up a mp - 5 at deke -- brdddt ! on deke bullet hit he chest , dunking into he body armor -~ into the dozen flashbang grenade hang like fruit from he vest . they detonate -- bang - bang -bang ! ' deke look like @ firework display as he fall . flat on he back . CUT to : ext . poker' compound treet and hondo see that . they run to deke . he look bad . ( continued ) no 102 . continued : I be okay . go. poker and alex run into a mobile home . hondo and street. pursue on foot . cuut to : int . mobile home # 1 - day Street kick the dcor . hondo and Street clear the corner and blind angle . hondo be hunt , run on instinct and skill . so be Street . crash ! -- something be throw through the window . hondo react . hondo grenade ! boom ! rywall be dent by the shock wave , furniture end picture become deadly missile . '' boom ! the second grenade go off outside . Street be stunne , hondo grab he vest and haul he to he foot . * hondo ( cont 'd ) go! move out ! cur to : ext . poker' compound - day hondo and . STREET exit mobile Home # 1 and run for cover ... Alex and poker open up on they from behind a derelict steam tractor . brdddt ! brdddddt ! on hondo firing back until bullet slam into he mp , jam it . hondo roll , switch to he pistol . on STREET thwap ! buckshot from Alex 's shotgun hit Street 's helmet , knock it off he head . click ! -- poker 's weapon be empty . Alex 's shotgun empty . ( continued ) gg 103 . continued : , Street be out of ammo also . poker reach for a fresh have : magazine . poe a beat . Street make he decision , jump to he foot and charge poker before he can reload he weapon . hondo follow . Street and poker attack each other , use they machine gun as club . . crash and crack as Street and poker block and parry with the black gun . Hand guard and plastic part shatter , barrel bend . . hondo charge Alex . who slam hondo with a judo throw . hondo can not believe it . alex think I get to the top without handle my own business ? Street and poker square off to fight . hondo and Alex square off . hondo shuck off he equipment and gunbelt . . - . poker back for more ? I be break you neck this time . STREET what be this place ? crazyland ? start a cult or something ? poker you be hondo 's bitch now ? STREET . less talk . more rock . the fight commence . Street and poker lay into each other with a brutal series of kick , punch and block . sweat and blood fly as boot and fist land with staggering power . Street 's rage be overwhelming . he 's relentless , overpower poker . hondo and alex be entangle , fight for hondo 's pistol -- hondo flip the weapon 's takedown lever , the gun disassemble , now harmless . - STREET and poker ( continued ) | | continued : poker footsweep Street . wrap he leg around Street 's arm . Street seem do for . Street strip off he belt , wrap it around poker 's neck . hondo punch Alex in the face . get Alex in a chokehold . hondo flip Alex over he back . honde pull he handcuffs . click -click ! Zip they cnto Alex 's wrist . he rub Alex 's head . hondo get you . hondo stand , catch he breath . cross to help Street . STREET no , hondo . this be my fight . poker let go of Street before he pass out . Street and poker be exhaust , filthy , rag . they stanc . take some breath and square off again . hondo cross to deke , help he out of he smolder vest . deke 's chest and face be burn from the flashbang . Street attack poker with massive final assault . poker fend off the blow . SNAP ! Street break poker 's leg . ar beat . SNAP ! Street break he other leg . poker Street , pussy . finish the job . Street about to stomp poker 's neck . hondo stop ! that 's enough ! hendo intercede , restrain Street . poker lay there stunne , defeat . Street spit blood , wipe he face . look at he vanquish nemesis . Street pull he handcuffs . click -click . STREET you be under arrest . poker react . hondo help up deke . hondo you good ? deke be hurt . but okay . ( continued ) — — — _ — — $ — — — — — — ee _ a 105 , continued : deke good enough . hondo look at Street . see the new flintiness behind he eye . hondo smile . hondo squint : at the set sun . hondo we need a car . deke look around . see @ batter sedan . cuUT to : int . batter sedan ( moving ) - sunset : hondo drive , thousand yard stare down the long desert road . joshua tree , they shadow dance in the heat . deke and tj in back , cool he burn with water over he burn . tj have wound compress wrap around he leg . dexe I wanna go home and hug my kid and take my wife to the motel . the p.m. shift be nothing like this . STREET hondo , what now ? should I retire ? after today , man , I dunno . I think I have do it all . hondo either you like the taste of blood or you do not . STREET what 's that mean , hondo ? hondo look in the mirror . that 's what it mean . Street understand . deke too . and tj . the unspoken bond between they be clear . . . : cuT to : ext , marine base 23 palm - sunset extra security at the front gate . jumpy marine with m - 16 . the batter sedan approach . several FBI and dea agent be present . nervous . ( continued ) continued : hondo stop the car several yard from the gate . he get out . cross to the trunk and open it , wary feds and marine watch . hondo and Street get out .. open the trunk . inside the trunk Alex De Leon be handcuff , resign to he fate . Street and hondo reach in and haul out Alex . they drop Alex right there in the dirt . fed and Marines react , recognize he . the feds grab Alex . Street reach inte the trunk . pull out poker , drop he on the ground . STREET it 's two for one day . Street turn to a marine colonel . STREET ( cont 'd ) Sir , this be the guy who shot down ' you helicopter . a look from the Colonel and poker be surround and yank to he foot by four military police . a young fed hold out a radio to hondc . young fed it 's .for you , sir . hondo take it .- hondo - ( into phone ) hello ? swat captain voice hondo . I never doubted you . thanks . hondo how 's sanchez ? swat captain voice she 's fine . hondo tell she we be come to see she . he hand the phone back to the young fed . ( continued ) 107 . continued : ' poker turn and give Street a hateful look as he be drag away . Street could care less . Street and hondo cross back to - the sedan and get in . hondo turn the car around and drive away . CuT to : ext . desert road - sunset the four swat cop head back towards the city , drive into the set sun . this day have forever cement they together as a team . Street about to turn on the radio . hondo give he a look . fade to black : the end