simone by Andrew niccol ---------------------------------------------------------------- fade in : on bright , out-of -focus , oval -shaped color . the color shape dart around the screen -- the impression of look through a kaleidoscope . as the image come into sharp focus , we discover that we be inside a candy BOWL . a man' finger be frantically remove all the cherry - flavor piece of candy . ext . studio lot - day the man perform this curious task be writer / producer / director , viktor taransky , forty , conservatively dress in suit and tie . he sit alone at a empty craft service table outside a cavernous soundstage , some distance from the rest of the film set -- a breeze blow the table 's paper cloth . viktor finish sorting . find no trash can to deposit the reject cherry candy , he scoops they into he pocket . a young headset - clad p.a. hurriedly approach . he look ill . p.a. Mr. taransky -- viktor read the young p.a. 's panicked expression . viktor she 's walk ?... do not tell I she 's walk . ( blood slowly drain from he face ) she be not walk ... she can not walk . ext . trailer - day nicola ander , twenty - something , a-list actress , beautiful face scowling , be supervise she assistant ferry clothes from a movie trailer to a limousine . viktor desperately follow after nicola . viktor -- nicola ! how be you massage ? nicola you be in breach . viktor -- be this about the new page ? -- I make the change you want , you be in virtually every scene -- nicola ( wheeling on he ) it 's not the size of the role , viktor . ( suddenly very cool ) be I or be I not contractually entitle to the biggest trailer on the set ? viktor ( regard the enormous silver fish behind they , confuse ) it 's the biggest on earth ! I swear ! it 's a 50 - foot airstream -- they do not make they any longer than that . nicola taller , viktor . viktor taller ? what ? viktor look up in horror . the trailer next to nicola 's do indeed appear to be fractionally taller . nicola ( walk away ) you have insulted I for the last time . viktor look to the tire . his face suddenly brighten . viktor nicola , it 's just the tire -- they be over - inflate ! I can fix it ! viktor grasp the air nozzle on a tire and begin desperately stabbing at it with a ballpoint pen . Air hiss out . viktor see , it 's lower already . nicola ignore viktor , march towards she limo with she publicist . abandon the trailer , viktor hurry after she . viktor I beg you . you can not do this to I . nicola ( look back ) I have three other offer . I only sign on to this picture out of ... loyalty . viktor then show some . they will shut I down ! nicola ( open the car door ) it be not work anyhow . the scene with the thousand geese -- I do not understand this film . I do not think anyone will understand it . I already put out a press release -- cite " creative difference " . viktor stop , nod resignedly -- suddenly very calm . viktor you know what , nicola , you be right . ( pick up she last piece of luggage ) here , let I help you with that . ( hold the door for she ) you ought to go . the truth be I do not deserve you . this film do not deserve you . frankly , it deserve much , much better . the reason it 's not work be because you be not about the work . nicola be stunne . viktor ( to the limo driver ) to Hell , please . the door slam and the limo roar away . viktor look to the still hiss trailer tire . the crew regards viktor apprehensively . viktor ( to the crew ) what be you look at ? get back to work . the crew be uncertain what work there be to do . int . bedroom - " sunrise , sunset " - night in a ornate bedroom , nicola lie on she death bed under a veil of netting . a distraught man , hal , sit close by . nicola ( whisper ) Jack ... be you there ? hal I be here . I be right beside you . a nun enter . nun ( to hal ) you should really go now . nicola no , it 's alright . please , let he stay . the nun withdraw . hal hold he face in he hand , almost break down . hal ( a glance to heaven ) what kind of cruel God be it that would take you away from I ? nicola the same one who bring I to you . hal no ... I can not accept it . if something like this can happen . what ... ( struggle to find the word ) what be it for ? nicola ( smile through she pain ) -- why be we here ? be that what you be ask , Jack ?... why be we here ? no why . just here . nicola die peacefully . int . screening room - studio - day viktor sit with lead man hal , three executive and studio head elaine christian , watch a rough assembly of the film . it end with a close up of nicola ander . the light go up . the image of nicola fade off the screen . executive 1 she 's good . you can hardly tell she 's read off a teleprompter . viktor ( ignore he ) I have analyze the footage . we have get almost everything we need in the can . if we rework the script , we can finish the film without she . executive 2 ( forceful shake of the head ) accord to the writ she attorney file at noon today . they will sue if the film be release with nicola in a single frame . viktor ( more anxious ) so we will re-cast . hal nicola ander be the only actress who can play that role . viktor ( incredulous ) it 's a re-make , hal . ander be not bigger than this picture . Elaine finally speak up . elaine of course she be . no other name be go to sign on now and risk offend she . viktor we do not need a name . we will cast a unknown . hal I will not play opposite a unknown . elaine we can not sell a unknown . nicola 's sour on the project and we have to accept that . if we ever want to be in the nicola ander business again , we have to cut we loss and shelve the picture . the executive , lead man and director nod sagely . viktor ( aghast ) no ! you will not give in to that blackmail bitch ! elaine ( a wince , address everyone but viktor ) Excuse we . Elaine usher viktor out of the screen room . ext . studio lot - day elaine and viktor talk in the shadow of a enormous soundstage . they speak more freely in each other 's company . elaine God , viktor . why do you always have to make thing so difficult for yourself ? viktor difficult . I be difficult . he produce a handful of candy from he pocket . viktor ( refer to the candy ) -- do you know what this be , Elaine ? elaine ( talk a piece of candy and eat it ) hmm ... Mike and ike 's . viktor not just any Mike &amp ; ike 's -- cherry Mike &amp ; ike 's . do you know why I , viktor taransky , two - time Academy Award nominate director -- elaine -- viktor , that be short subject . viktor -- oversee the most cherish movie project of my career , be walk around with a pocketful of cherry Mike &amp ; ike 's ? Elaine take a seat in a nearby studio cart as viktor pace . elaine -- I have a feel you be go to tell I . viktor -- I will tell you why . it be because miss nicola ander , supermodel with a sag card God 's gift to cinema , have it write into she contract that all cherry Mike &amp ; ike 's be remove from she candy dish along with strict instruction that any room she walk into should have seven pack of cigarettes wait for she three of they open , that there be a personal jacuzzi within eighty pace of she dress room , and that any time she travel , she nanny must fly with she first class . elaine -- what 's wrong with that ? viktor Elaine , she do not have any child ! ( grab she arm ) do not you see ? we be be hold hostage by 12 man and 5 woman who someone somewhere have decreed be the a-list . elaine the public decide who 's on that list . viktor please . elaine it 's the truth . that 17 superstar be we insurance policy . we can not open -- can not make a profit without they . viktor we can hardly make a profit with they . up - front salary , back - end deal , perk , per diem , percentage -- they be mock we , Elaine . we be at they mercy . ( stare wistful , into space ) we always have movie star but they use to be we star . we use to decide who would play what role . we tell they what to wear , what to say , who to date . when they be under contract , we could change they name if we want to -- more than once ! elaine ( regard he as if he 's insane ) you realize you be nostalgic for a era you be not even bear in ? viktor ( irritate at she infuriate logic ) well , I do remember why I start out in this business -- you seem to have forget -- work in New York with cassevete -- we be try to do something important , shine a light in that darken cinema -- elaine ( roll she eye ) -- it 's call a projector . viktor ( ignore she ) -- illuminate heart and mind with a ray of truth . elaine listen , viktor , I have good memory of that day too -- but this be not about that or you or I or some high - minded ideal . this be business . viktor spare I . elaine ( gesture at the studio lot ) -- Christ , viktor , look around . what do you think pay for all this ? this be about investment and return . that day in New York ... that 's ... it 's over . a pause . viktor read Elaine 's face . viktor you be not renewing my contract . elaine how can I ? you last three picture tank . the board be give I hell . no bankable star will work with you after this . if you just compromise ... a little . viktor eat some of the candy in he hand as he take in the news . viktor ( rueful smile ) -- well , it 's not every day you be fire by the mother of you own child . Elaine also eat some more candy -- a curiously intimate moment between they . elaine ( soften , a heart - to heart ) I be not take away you daughter , just you deal . you and I both know , after the divorce I keep you on for old time 's sake , so you could still hold you head up in front of lainey . I call what 's he name at Warner 's . he say he would take a meeting -- in July . I have fight for you viktor ... ( voice trail off ) you want to talk severance ? viktor ( stare off into the distance , face harden ) you can have everything -- office , car , assistant -- all I want be the picture . elaine ( confuse ) the picture 's dead . viktor so there 's no problem -- I can have the rights , the negative too ? elaine ( believe she 's get off lightly ) they be yours . but how be you go to finish it ? without a star there 's no movie . viktor I do not need a star . all I need be a actor -- I will reshoot the part , cut out nicola and replace she with a real actor . a real lead lady . elaine even if you find she , you know the problem with unknown , viktor . if they be good , they get know . and then you be back to sorting they candy ... and worse . ( kissing he on the cheek as she depart in she studio golf cart ) I be sorry , viktor . viktor watch she depart down the canyon of stage , leave alone on the desert lot . ext . studio entrance - dusk twenty nicola ander ' face jiggle into frame . viktor 's face appear amongst they . they be cardboard figure , stand together in the trailer of a electric cart . a workman be collect the promotional standee from around the lot . viktor place he hand on the neck of a cardboard cut - out -- we sense he be about to rip she head off -- when a fourteen year old girl , lainey , appear beside he , carry a laptop computer . lainey hi , dad . viktor ( slightly ashamed ) hello , sweetheart . viktor , embarrassed by he childishness , step aside for the suspicious workman who carry the standee away . lainey smile sweetly . she hug he . lainey I be sorry Mom can you . viktor ( shrugging ) it 's really ... not anything , lainey . it 's just -- lainey do not feel too bad . ( glance to a standee ) Mom run the place and they still walk all over she . you be better off out of it . viktor ( regard he daughter ) you look very grow up . what be you do ? you meeting you mom for dinner ? she glance towards the entrance where lainey 's mother , elaine , and she dependable , uncomplicate businessman boyfriend , kent , wait beside Elaine 's car . lainey ( reluctant admission ) Kent get ticket to the ballet . viktor shake the idea of Kent and Elaine from he head . viktor ( try to convince himself as much as lainey ) I be go to finish the picture , sweetheart . it 's important . lainey ( not quite convinced ) I know you will do it , dad . you be viktor taransky . lainey kiss the forlorn viktor goodbye . she run to she mother and Kent . viktor ( to himself ) that 's right . I be viktor taransky . ext . studio build - some distance away - dusk from a distance elaine and kent regard the lonely figure of viktor . kent you have no choice , Elaine . he 's a liability . elaine ( wistful look to viktor ) he also happen to be the most talented man I have ever know . Elaine climb in the car as lainey approach . ext . studio backlot - tram - day close up on a copy of " variety " . the front page banner headline : " ander ride out of ' sunset ' -- cite Creative difference " the man read the trade paper sit in the back of a tram on a studio tour -- hank aleno . he wear a pair of spectacle with one lens black out , he head tilt on one side . it be a item bury on the inside page that catch hank 's one good eye . taransky call a-list : " over - priced , over - pampered prima donnas " - director 's future now in doubt - the tram pause . the tour guide keep up a commentary . tour guide -- on you leave , the house where claris commodore uttere that now immortal word , " if that door do not hold , stand behind I " . and come up on you right -- when the tram depart , we discover that hank have exite the tram and be hide in the facade of a New York subway entrance . the tag around he neck read , " visitor -- stay with the Tour " . ext . studio gate - night viktor wheel a stack of film can on a dolly while hold several frame black and white photograph of screen legend under he arm . hank , hide in the shadow of the soundstage , spy viktor . he hurry towards he as viktor approach he antiquated bentley . hank -- Mr. taransky , Mr. taransky ... thank God . I have be try to see you , call -- you assistant would not put I through . I tell she it be a matter of life and death . I be afraid I would not get to you in time -- viktor ( use he stack of film can as a barrier ) -- please , get away from I . hank I do it , Mr. taransky . I lick skin . I lick hair . I lick every part of she . viktor ( more disturb , fear he be deal with a pervert ) you want I to call Security ? hank I have she , Mr. taransky . the answer to you prayer . ( produce the " variety " article , conspiratorial ) the answer to this . viktor ( regard the article ) I be misquote . hank I have you new lead lady ... ( indicate the bulge in he pocket ) ... right here in my pants . viktor take a step back , concerned once again about the man 's motive . hank ( try to reassure ) it 's I , Mr. taransky . do not you recognize I ? -- the future of Film conference in San Jose . hank ... hank aleno . I be keynote speaker . you must remember my speech ... " who need human ? " viktor ( faint glimmer of recognition ) that 's right . you be boo off the stage . that 's get to be -- ? hank -- eight year ago . in that whole time , I never leave my computer . viktor ( wary ) good for you , hank . hank ( refer to he cover eye ) good and bad . they think that 's what cause this . I eye tumor . microwaves from the screen . it 's the size of a grapefruit . heavy too . viktor ( regard the pathetic figure with the tilt head ) I be sorry . hank do not be . it be worth it . hank once again indicate the bulge in he pocket . viktor now understand the significance of the gesture . hank you have to see she . viktor ( load can into the car ) I have see they all before . hank not like this -- viktor ( patronize smile ) come on , hank . a synthespian , virtual actor -- ? hank ( irritate ) -- we call they " vactor " . viktor I need flesh and -- hank -- flesh be weak . viktor -- a live , breathe actor -- I can not work with a fake . viktor load he film can into the car . hank ( point to nicola in variety ) you already do . but my actor will not get old , fat , lazy or drunk -- will not throw tantrum , demand a body double , script change or a bigger trailer . ( whisper , conspiratorial ) the Disney Corporation have be use artificial actor for year . viktor that 's the point , hank . no matter how good they be , they be still mickey mouse . everyone 's try . everyone 's fail . it can not be do . hank it can -- with my new computer code , you and I , we can do it together . viktor I do not know anything about computer . hank that 's why you be so perfect . you have something I do not have . viktor what 's that ? hank a eye -- for performance . you know the truth when you see it . I know . I have see you movie . I love you movie . viktor you do ? hank " straw God " change my life . viktor you see that ? hank I have see every frame of you work . you be the only filmmaker in Hollywood with the artistic integrity to realize my vision . you and I , art and science ... we be the perfect marriage . viktor listen , hank , it 's be a rough day . ( climb into he car ) I will call you about he next week . hank ( at the car window ) I will not be here next week . the tumor 's inoperable . I will be dead . viktor ( wind down the window ) I be already dead . viktor 's car roar away . he look back at the forlorn hank in the rear view mirror . hank call I . ( look at he watch ) this week ! a huge eye from a dismantle nicola ander billboard be wheeled away behind he -- follow by a huge pair of lip . int . viktor' malibu house - day a sea of ingenue headshot . Black X 's be draw through all of they . viktor lie amongst the reject face , talk on the telephone , in he spartan bachelor beach house . viktor ( into phone , refer to a young woman 's headshot ) -- what do you mean she will not work with I ? she 's do nothing . she do not have a single credit -- agent voice ( from phone , off - camera ) -- better no credit than a taransky credit . no young actress be go to step into nicola ander ' shoe and risk end she career before it 's even start . viktor -- Art , you do not understand . I have mortgage everything to finish this film -- creditor call , come to the house , for God 's sake , I need this -- the phone go dead . viktor try to re-dial -- disconnect . viktor -- damn . sharp knock on he door . viktor peer through a curtain and spy a official - look man in a suit , carry what look to be a legal notice in he hand . viktor slip out of the back door . ext . beach - day viktor hurry along the beach . when he turn , he discover the man in the suit follow he . as viktor run , the suit run -- call out to he . man in the suit Mr. taransky , Mr. taransky -- viktor ( call back ) I be not he . viktor stumble . when he recover , the suit be on he . man in the suit Mr. taransky , Sir , I represent the estate of Mr. hank aleno . ( show he hank 's obituary in the L.A. Times ) it be Mr. aleno 's last wish that you have this . the suit hand viktor a heavily - seal envelope . viktor what be it ? man in the suit I have no idea , Sir . he want you to have it . the suit depart . viktor hesitates , then break the seal on the package -- inside he find a hard -drive . the hard - drive be label " simulation one " . a title appear on the screen : six month later close up on a vacuum cleaner clean a tatty red carpet . on the other end of the vacuum cleaner be viktor . the red carpet lead to a rundown , downtown Los Angeles cinema -- the venue for the premiere of " sunrise , sunset " . to save money on poster , viktor have alter the original , " star nicola ander " crudely paste over with " introduce simone " . ext . rundown downtown cinema - dusk viktor regards the sad , little premiere . no paparazzi , no limo , no klieg light . resorting to give away ticket to passer - by , viktor approach a homeless man sleep in trash . viktor want to see a free movie ? homeless man ( he think ) no . a taxi pull up . viktor 's daughter , lainey , step out . lainey ( kissing he hello ) hi , dad . viktor hello , lainey . viktor go to pay for the taxi but do not have quite enough cash . lainey pay herself . viktor you mother could not make it ? lainey she 's at the premiere of " a cold Day in Hell " . but I think she send someone from acquisition . viktor she still with Kent ? lainey this week anyhow . viktor escort lainey down the empty red carpet , regard the pathetic premiere . as they walk by , the bulb in viktor 's sole spotlight expire . viktor not quite how I imagine it -- lainey ( look on the bright side ) -- you finish the film on you own term , that 's what matter . do you really do all the post yourself ? viktor there be no other way . lainey I miss you . I wonder if you be ever come back . viktor I too . lainey ( regard the makeshift poster , try to lift he spirit ) well , I can not wait to meet Simone ... what 's she last name ? viktor you know , I ... do not know . lainey be she here tonight ? viktor she can not watch herself . they be interrupt by the theater owner . theater owner -- hey , we have to start . I have get " tough Love 2 " play at ten . ext . pier - " sunrise , sunset " - morning a foggy , empty pier . a man be run through the mist , shouting desperately . hal valarie ! valarie ! finally , out of the fog -- a young woman in a black cape and hood , she back to we . the camera push in , music swell and she turn . simone . she be exquisitely , ethereally beautiful . perfect . int . rundown downtown cinema - auditorium - night in the near-empty , dilapidate theater , " sunrise , sunset " be play on the screen . when Simone 's face appear , the face of the audience member change . they be all visibly move , include the theater owner . some weep , some with curious smile on they face , some open - mouth . hal ( on screen , approach ) valarie , what be you run from ? simone ( enigmatic smile ) from valarie . suddenly a gunshot ring out . Simone collapse to the ground . hal ( run to she ) valarie ! no ! int . theater lobby - night viktor , unable to watch , pace up and down , chain - smoking while worriedly shove popcorn in he mouth . viktor finally muster the courage to look inside the auditorium . int . bedroom - " sunrise , sunset " - night the same scene that play in the studio screen room . however now when we cut from the lead man , hal , to the lead lady it be not nicola but the newly cast simone . simone -- why be we here ? be that what you be ask , Jack ?... why be we here ? no why . just here . int . auditorium - night on screen simone lie die . now even lainey be affect by Simone 's performance . she wipe a tear from she eye . viktor watch the back of the head , try to gauge the audience reaction . finally the credit roll . a dedication , " for hank " . no one move from they seat . viktor permit himself a brief smile of satisfaction as he see he name appear in the credit : a Film by viktor taransky still no one move from they seat . viktor can not stand it any longer . he run to the restroom . int . theater restroom - night face over the stain sink , viktor splashes himself with water . he look to the mirror , horrify by he own reflection . he rehearse a courtroom speech . viktor lady and gentleman of the jury , I may be guilty of a crime , but it be commit with the purest of intention , to send a message to the act community who put themselves above the work and above -- Three audience member enter the restroom . they approach the urinal . audience member 1 ( continue they conversation from the lobby ) -- so fake . audience member 2 -- totally artificial . viktor look at the man aghast and hurriedly exit , miss the end of they conversation . audience member 1 we be really suppose to believe that be 19th century Lisbon ? audience member 3 who 's look at the set when she be on the screen ? all three nod in agreement and begin to urinate . int . theater lobby - night viktor exit the restroom . almost all the audience member , include lainey , be wait for he . lainey ( point out she father ) there he be . that 's my dad , viktor taransky . viktor be about to run for the exit when the small group spontaneously applaud . they rush to shake he hand . audience member 4 -- she be magnificent . audience member 5 -- absolutely unreal . viktor appear uncomfortable with they compliment . viktor she be not too ... cartoony ? audience member 6 -- who ? the nun ? audience member 7 -- or be you talk about the mother ? audience member 8 -- a star like that , who care about the support cast ? audience member 9 -- congratulation again . she be ... not of this earth . you should be very proud . viktor " not of this earth " . a good way of put it . and the film as a whole -- ? the group drift away , leave lainey and viktor alone . lainey she 's a miracle , dad . where do you find she ? viktor ( vague ) I see she picture on the , er ... internet . ( interrogate he daughter 's face ) you really do not notice anything -- unusual ? lainey only she brilliance . to be honest , with what you have to work with , I be expect a train wreck . you really pull it off . lainey regards the makeshift poster . lainey I have a feel mom be go to take you back after this . viktor 's head snap around . lainey smile . lainey back on the lot . viktor shrug off the misunderstanding . int . viktor taransky's malibu home - night viktor enter he sterile , bachelor home , carry he mail . his answer machine blink in the darkness , the message light read " full " . he hit the " play " button . elaine ( v.o. ) viktor , you bastard ! I hear it 's great . ( beat ) seriously , I be happy for you . viktor open a drawer contain a photo of he and Elaine from happier time . he gaze at it as he listen to the message . elaine ( v.o. ) I know people be go to be beat down you door but ... well , I would love the chance to buy back something I give away for free . do not you just love Hollywood ?... beep . viktor stop the machine , daze . he idly open he mail . Inside a envelope he find a sag Card with the new member 's name , " simone " . a montage of scene begins to play . a ) a line of audience member stretch outside the rundown movie theater as far as the eye can see . entertainment reporter ( o.s. ) a dazzle new ingenue have come from seemingly nowhere to capture the heart of movie-go audience across the nation ... B ) the front page of " variety " come off the press read , " simone : a revelation -- dawn of a New Star in " sunrise " . entertainment reporter ( o.s. ) ... in she debut film , " sunrise , sunset " . C ) a teenage boy in a public library log on to the first website dedicated to simone . entertainment reporter ( o.s. ) her face be already post on everything from website to bedroom wall . D ) trendy teenage girl saunter past a swim pool in Simone cape and hood despite the sweltering heat . entertainment reporter ( o.s. ) her wardrobe have inspire a fashion craze . E ) in a third World back - alley a young asian man show a undercover reporter a pirate recording of simone on a camcorder . entertainment reporter ( o.s. ) and bootleg copy of she film be be sell in back alley all over the world . F ) a liquor store customer watch a tv behind the counter show a clip of simone from , " sunrise , sunset courtesy : taransky production " . entertainment reporter ( from tv ) but who be Simone ? we know so little about she . no detail of she background have be release , not even she age . she be somewhere between a girl and a woman . a fresh face and familiar both at the same time . G ) the entertainment reporter now stand outside a multiplex . the marquee have 16 screen and look like this : " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " sunrise , sunset " " the making of sunrise , sunset " entertainment reporter be Simone even she real name ? and why the secrecy ? all we know for sure be that she be discover by little - know director , viktor tarinsky . int . limousine - day viktor , watch " scene " on a tv in the back of a limousine , correct the reporter . viktor taransky . entertainment reporter ( from the tv ) he have parlay he relationship with the new sensation into a three picture deal with the very studio that dumped he only six month ago . and no wonder with the starlet 's performance break all box office record . ext . studio gate - morning outside the studio entrance , a swarm of reporter , photographer and fan rush viktor 's limousine , hope for a glimpse of simone . mob Simone ! simone ! I love you ! I want to be you ! Studio security guard hold they back as the limo enter the lot . ext . studio - entrance - day elaine and a entourage of executive greet viktor 's limousine on the studio step . a studio photographer have a camera at the ready . a banner read , " welcome simone " . a young assistant wheel a cake . viktor step out of the car . elaine push past he , into the limo . elaine Simone !... Simone ? the car be empty . elaine ( re-emerge from the car ) where be she ? viktor good to see you too , Elaine . elaine ( ignore he sarcasm ) why be not she with you ? viktor why ? because she would never show up at something like this . she 's intensely private . Elaine sigh , exasperate . elaine ( dismiss she colleague ) back to work , everyone . she 's not here . the reception committee disperse , murmur of disappointment . elaine viktor ... I want to thank you for convincing Simone to sign with the studio . viktor do not thank I . it be entirely Simone 's decision . do you have Simone 's check ? elaine I do not have it on I . anyway , it mean a lot . ( quickly change tack ) have you read the review ? they be love letter . ( read from a newspaper ) listen to this one . " Simone have the voice of a young Jane fonda , the body of Sophia loren , the grace of , well , Grace Kelley , and the face of audrey hepburn combine with a angel " . viktor ( muse to himself ) almost right . elaine I can not wait to meet she . viktor I do not know if that 's go to happen . elaine ( confuse ) why not ? viktor as I say , she 's ... something of a recluse . that 's how she 's able to stay so pure -- by isolate herself in she art . elaine ( face fall ) do not be ridiculous . I arrange a press conference . viktor out of the question . a circus like that ? elaine viktor , it 's my studio . viktor she 's my actor . there be other studio , Elaine . there 's only one Simone . ( leave she on the step ) leave the press conference to I . viktor stride up the studio step . Elaine stare after she ex-husband -- she find herself smile at he newfound arrogance . ext . studio - PRESS conference - day the studio soundstage as a backdrop , viktor approach a podium and a forest of microphone , revelling in he recent fame by association . viktor ( tapping the microphone ) be this on ? reporter 1 who be you ? viktor taransky , viktor . t-a-r-a-n-s-k-y , v-i-k-t-o-r. reporter 1 yeah , but -- who be you ? viktor ( patronize smile ) I be a two - time Academy Award nominate director with over eighteen film to my credit thus far include my latest release , " sunrise , sunset " . who be you ? a reporter roll she eye at he pomposity . viktor I will not be take any question . however I do have a statement to read on behalf of my lead lady , Simone . ( read from he statement ) " to whom it May concern . I be deeply grateful for the extraordinary public response to Mr. taransky 's film . at this time I will be conduct no interview or make publicity appearance since I be really nothing without the beautiful world and character Mr. taransky create for I . I politely request that the press respect my privacy and let the work speak for itself . all question and inquiry should be direct to Mr. taransky to whom I entrust all aspect of my career . your very truly , Simone " . the reporter all call out at once . reporter 2 -- viktor , viktor , who 's Simone dating ? reporter 3 -- viktor , where would you find she ? reporter 4 -- be Simone she real name ? reporter 5 -- what 's she get to hide ? reporter 1 -- be she the new garbo ? reporter 2 -- who 's garbo ? viktor silence the reporter by theatrically raise he hand . viktor I think I make it clear -- no question regard Simone . ( bring the press conference to a hasty conclusion ) now , I would like to close by announce that miss Simone begin production today on she next film , " eternity forever " . this project have be near and dear to my heart since I write it nine year ago . ( a tinge of bitterness , then a smile ) I thank you . viktor exit the podium . a voice stop he in he track . voice ( o.s. ) who do you think you be fool , taransky ? viktor turn . the voice belong to over - zealous , crusade , truth -seek investigative reporter , max sayer , accompany by he assistant , milton . viktor do I know you ? max Max sayer -- National echo . viktor ( regain he composure , a smirk ) do not you have a real story to write ? why be not you in Latin America ? max this be the story . viktor I remember when the echo have class -- the paper that could bring down government . max we leader be not president anymore -- they be pop star and screen idol . if woodward and bernstein be alive today , they would be right here in Hollywood with I . viktor they be alive , sayer . milton confirm that woodward and bernstein be still live . max so they be probably here . ( hardly miss a beat ) you might be able to sell this ' disappear act ' to the rest of the world , but I be not buy it . what 's really behind this Simone woman ? the public have a right to know . why be she stay out of sight ? and why the hell be she with you ? I do not want you to take this the wrong way , viktor , but you be not exactly cecil B. demille -- more run-of - the-mill . viktor maybe the reason she 's with I be a little thing call integrity , sayer . look it up . viktor walk away . max ( call after he ) oh , I know all about integrity . I know even more about persistence . look that one up . Max watch viktor depart , with obvious suspicion . ext . soundstage - studio lot - day a large satellite dish sit atop a soundstage . " close set " be the sign on the door -- a surveillance camera pan the entrance . a security guard , also keep watch , nod a greeting to viktor as he pull up in he studio golf cart , script in hand . security guard no one come in or go out just like you say , Mr. taransky . viktor good . security guard be miss Simone come today ? viktor she 's already here . she arrive before you and she will leave long after you have go . ( admonish guard ) remember , under no circumstance be you or any other person to enter the set without my express permission . security guard what if it catch on fire ? viktor let it burn . Simone would rather go up in flame than give up she privacy . viktor enter he secret code into the keypad lock and enter the soundstage . int . viktor' soundstage - day the cavernous soundstage be almost completely empty save for a small table upon which sit two computer keyboard and a tablet attach to a large , projection screen monitor and two side monitor . viktor take a seat in front of the monitor . viktor ( to himself as he insert he Hollywood hard - drive -- simulation one ) pay no attention to the man behind the computer . a title appear on he computer screen . welcome to simulation one with a satisfied smile , viktor backspace character until he revise the title to : welcome to simone he press " enter " and a face begin to build -- wire upon wire , pixel upon pixel -- until a complete synthespian emerge -- simone . she be indistinguishable from a flesh - and blood actress . Simone move on a video loop against a neutral background -- title " visual loop 6 " . within the confines of the monitor she be reminiscent of a beautiful cage animal . she look a little bored as if she have be coope up in cyberspace for too long . viktor ( to the screen ) good morning , Simone . simone / viktor good morning , Mr. taransky . viktor a star be ... simone / viktor ... digitize . only now do we observe that viktor be occasionally talk into a microphone connect to the computer and press a key on he keyboard . when he speak , she speak . Simone 's voice and mouth movement automatically sync in response to viktor 's voice . a scan light on viktor allow Simone to mimic he movement . simone / viktor you mean they buy it ? viktor ( nervous smile as he examine he first royalty check ) buy it ? they be pay for it . and around here that 's how you really know they buy it . viktor fondly touch a photograph of hank that be tape to the terminal -- from the " L.A. Times " obituary . viktor I be only sorry hank be not here to see this . viktor look up , Simone mimick he action . simone / viktor ( depress the button every time he want to express he thought through Simone ) maybe he can . viktor do you have any idea what this mean , Simone ? we ability to manufacture fraud now exceed we ability to detect it . simone / viktor ( appear to indulge viktor with a smile ) I be the death of real . viktor ( ponder the enormity of the hoax ) you be birth of ... what ? a phenomenon . a miracle . a new era in show business . all I want to do be finish the film . simone / viktor and now look what you have start . and now look what you have start . and now look what you have start . viktor 's conversation with himself be not merely for he own amusement . he be adjust and refining Simone 's voice . viktor hmm ... a little less streep , a little more bacall . viktor scroll through a photo library of star , live and dead , that comprise Simone . viktor make a adjustment on a panel on the computer screen dedicated to Simone 's audio , incorporate the vocal delivery -- " 20 % streep , 80 % bacall " . he speak once again as Simone to test the adjustment . the voice pattern appear on he screen -- graphic representation of the sound wave . simone / viktor be that better , Mr. taransky ? viktor yes . yes , it be . viktor snap back to reality himself . he scroll through the list of screen legend . he click on the image of audrey hepburn . viktor while I think of it , I would like you to add something to you repertoire -- remember that thing hepburn do in " Breakfast at Tiffany 's " . a clip of audrey hepburn in " Breakfast at Tiffany 's " play on the screen . hepburn , sit on a fire escape , look up . audrey hepburn ( from the screen , a incomparable smile ) hi. viktor ( pause the moment ) let 's hear you say " hi " like audrey . with a CUT and paste , viktor morph the gesture seamlessly into a freeze Simone . viktor press play . simone ( imitate audrey 's performance perfectly ) hi. viktor perfect. ( stretch ) God , I be so relaxed around you . simone / viktor you do create I . viktor no. I ... just help bring someone else 's dream to life . simone / viktor Mr. taransky , we both know I be nothing without you . I be computer code -- one and zero . viktor you be right . you be right . of course , one do not want to boast . it 's a classic case of technology in search of a artist . that 's all you have be wait for , a artist with integrity , with a vision , who can see . viktor get up and start walk around the room , warming to he theme . simone move in a visual loop on the monitor , nodd attentively as if she 's really interested . viktor see beyond that irrational allegiance to flesh and blood . -- see that with the rise in price of a real actor and the fall in price of a fake , the scale have tip in favor of the fake . ( voice raise in excitement ) -- see that if the performance be genuine , it do not matter if the actor be real . once a performance be commit to film , the blood and bone be go anyway . only the spirit , the illusion remain . besides , what 's real anymore ? this day most actor have digital work do to they so it 's a gray area . simone / viktor ( Simone appear to look directly at she maker ) be you ever go to tell the truth about I , Mr. taransky ? viktor the only real truth be in the work . simone / viktor you know what I be talk about . viktor yes . yes , I be go to tell the truth about you , why would not I ...? ( ponder he own question ) of course , with hank 's tragic pass , the secret die with he . ( shaking the think from he head ) I be go to tell the truth ... after you next picture . feeling uneasy at the prospect , viktor change the subject . he pull out he script for " eternity forever " . viktor speak of which -- this be the project I would like you to do next . simone / viktor not , " eternity forever " ? the legendary unproduce script that be too good ever to get make ? I would kill for that part . viktor I be hope you would say that . suddenly , Simone appear to talk on she own . simone I will do anything to please you , Mr. taransky . viktor ( pretend to be hard of hearing ) I be sorry , I do not catch that . what do you say ? simone I will do anything to please you , Mr. taransky . on a side monitor , we discover a highlight box mark " pre record " -- viktor 's finger on the " play " button . he be unable to resist speak another line . simone / viktor and I will never , ever leave you . Simone appear to indulge viktor by blow he a kiss -- until we see that viktor have now highlight a box mark , " gesture of affection -- wink , smile , giggle , sigh , kiss , flutter of eye , flick of hair , puff of chest " . viktor come close to the monitor . he notice something about Simone 's face . viktor you be so beautiful . too beautiful . viktor access a program label , " distinguishing feature " . he add a " freckle " and a " mole " . from a distance we watch he , alone with Simone in the vast , empty soundstage . ext . studio lot - day viktor 's face against the sky . as he walk , we reveal that the sky be no more than a huge , paint backdrop on the studio lot -- behind a parking lot . viktor hand he valet ticket to a fawn valet manager . valet manager -- just be a minute , Mr. taransky . we give you a complimentary car wash -- they be wash the engine now . viktor join other industry mover and shaker wait for they car under a umbrella . a young talent agent approach . talent agent viktor ! look , I be sorry I do not call you back last year . I be , er ... out of the country . ( strain moment ) but we should get together . my schedule 's wide open . viktor sure , I will ... " call you " . the agent 's face fall . he get in he car , disconsolate . suddenly , hal sinclair , rush over and hug viktor . hal viktor , I be so happy for we ! viktor hello , hal . hal the film . the chemistry . no reflection on nicola but Simone and I -- we be just so right together . viktor you never be together , hal . hal and still the connection be undeniable . ( aside ) I have not read " eternity forever " but I know it 's brilliant . and I know I would be perfect for clive . viktor ( correct he ) clyde . hal yes , perfect . ( lowering he voice ) as a matter of fact , I run into Simone on the lot the other day . viktor ( genuinely startle ) really ? she do not mention it . hal ( quickly cover ) I be sure she 's meeting with a lot of people right now . ( under he breath ) she be just as you describe she , viktor ... indescribable . I strongly sense she think I be right for it . behind he back , viktor surreptitiously press a button on he cell phone . the phone ring . viktor feign surprise and answer . viktor ( answer the phone he have just dial , louder than necessary ) hello ?... simone ! how be you , sweetheart ? a hush descend over the executive . hal be suddenly very uncomfortable . even the valet strain to eavesdrop on the conversation . viktor ( winking to hal ) you will never guess who I be with ... you run into he on the lot . hal it be more in pass . viktor you be so far off ! ( finally chuckle ) hal ... hal sinclair ... you co - star . remember now ?... no , I do not think he 's put on weight . ( a shrug of apology to the appal hal ) anyway , you think he 's right for " eternity forever " ?... not the right type ?... a different direction ... ( cover phone , to hal ) I will try to talk she into it . the other industry people make a note of the remark . a mortify hal excuse himself with a pathetic wave , climb into he car . viktor ( into phone ) ... listen this be a bad place to talk ... what ?... sweetheart , I know you have charity work you want to do , I know you want to give back -- but remember , you great gift be you talent ... we will talk about it at the beach house this weekend ... I be look forward to it too . viktor hang up . his car pull up . he tip extravagantly and drive away . the industry people get on they cell phone . ext . studio lot - facade - day park behind the sky facade be a curious car with shade window . int . car - day Inside the car , max sayer and assistant milton , scanner in hand , be replaying viktor 's intercept phone call on a computer . viktor' voice ( from the machine ) -- " ... you think he 's right for " eternity forever " ?... not the right type ?... a different direction ... " milton ( to Max , a shake of the head ) I be get nothing from she side of the conversation . max be it a jam device ? milton ( shrug ) maybe he 's talk to himself . max ( dismiss the idea ) taransky be not that good a actor . no , they be take special precaution . some kind of new encryption . milton why ? max ( muse ) whatever it be , it 's dark . milton Dark ? max yes , very . they continue listen to the recording . viktor' voice " ... we will talk about it at the beach house this weekend ... " max 's eye light up . he gaze to a photo of simone paste to the inside of the car . int . viktor' malibu home - morning viktor and lainey make breakfast . lainey be in she pajamas , occasionally glance to a laptop computer as she father prepare french toast . viktor ( glance to the computer ) can not you stop that ? lainey why ? viktor that thing can be dangerous . stare at a screen all day -- you miss what 's go on outside in the real world . you can lose yourself . you should get out more . how be you go to meet boy ? lainey ( shrug coyly , get up ) I know plenty of boy . viktor really ? who ? where do you meet they ? in a chat room ? how do you know he 's not some middle - age freak ? lainey dad , I can spot a middle - age freak a mile away . viktor okay . but you have to find a way to escape that thing . lainey I do . viktor how ? lainey I read . viktor you do ? still ? I can not tell you how happy I be to hear that . lainey you be the one who insisted on it . reading I dostoyevsky and Joyce when I be four . viktor you understand they . that 's what be amazing . ( look out the window ) it 's a nice day . let 's eat outside . lainey grab the plate and open the deck door . we hear a chorus of click . lainey actually , it may be nicer inside . viktor join she at the doorway . viktor stay here , I will deal with this . unfaze , lainey retreat into the house . ext . viktor' malibu house - morning boat be moor just off the beach pack dangerously full of telephoto lens-tote photographer . the next door house have lense protrude through the drape of the window . viktor stride onto the lawn of he property that back onto the beach , soaking up the attention -- unable to resist wave extravagantly . suddenly , a photographer , lose he balance , drop from a nearby rooftop . the photographer limp towards the fence . viktor calmly follow , retrieve the photographer 's camera and rip out the film with a flourish -- he be clearly relishing the attention . the photographer clamber over the fence where he join several dozen other shutter - bug and VIDEORAZZI . photographer 1 that be not she , taransky . echo photographer where be she ? you can not hide she forever . viktor ( hurl the camera into the mob ) you will never find she . Simone only appear when I want she to appear . max sayer from " the national echo " be at the head of the mob , accompany by assistant milton . max she sound like a prisoner , taransky . be you hold she hostage ? be you some kind of svengali ? viktor ( recognize the reporter ) who 's the hostage , sayer , she or you ? you look kind of " captive " yourself . while you be spend every waking hour obsess over Simone , guess what , I guarantee she do not even know you exist . get off my property or I will call the cop . max the cop ? the cop read my column to know who to bust . we be the only watchdog the public have . ( look around at the photographer ) none of this be go away . we will be here tomorrow and the day after that . until you slip up . and you will . you be look at you shadow . ( get in he face ) because all this elaborate precaution with Simone -- every instinct in my body tell I , it 's not natural . viktor I be just try to help you , sayer . I do not want you to be disappointed . it get cold out here at night . max Nice try . if we can not get to she through you , maybe you family will be more co-operative . I can guarantee you , taransky , one way or another , miss Simone and I be go to get acquainted . viktor ( turn away ) I would like to see that , sayer . invite I . int . viktor be car - day viktor drive along a twisty mountain road , lainey in the passenger seat . they have become so blase about the paparazzi , they no longer acknowledge the posse of motorcycle photographer risk they neck to stay up with the car . reporter ( on radio ) -- the rumor be , Simone be hole up in taransky 's malibu home -- so far we have not see so much as a glimpse -- viktor ( switch off the radio ) honey , I be really sorry about all this . I do not know if it 's safe for you to stay the weekend ... just until thing settle down . lainey ( shrug ) okay , dad . viktor if anyone ask about Simone -- lainey -- I know , I do not know anything . viktor exactly . ( slightly irritate by she lack of interest ) do not you wonder where I be really hide Simone ? lainey ( look to he ) I be sure you would tell I if you think it be important . lainey give she father a smile . through the car window behind she , a motorcyclist appear to lose control and drop down a bank . ext . elaine's mansion - day viktor be car pull up to Elaine 's impose mansion . lainey give she father a kiss and depart . elaine , in the garden , oversee a gardener pruning rose , approach . viktor ( from the car ) sorry I do not get she back in time . elaine no problem . ( she smile ) do you want to come in ? viktor ( surprised -- pleasantly ) why not ? int . elaine's mansion - day viktor walk down a hall , pass the dining room , where kent be work on a computer . Kent smile blandly . kent hey , vik. viktor ( disappointed to see he ) hello -- Kent . int . elaine's mansion - day viktor wait in a opulent draw room . despite the eighty degree temperature outside , a fire burn in the hearth . elaine enter , wave a thick studio file . viktor 's face fall , expect a less business - related conversation . elaine viktor , we simply have to talk about " eternity ... " viktor " forever " . elaine whatever . I still have not receive Simone 's script note . viktor there be not any . if the filmmaker be happy , Simone 's happy . she consider herself a ... " instrument " . elaine really ? oh , so she 's really go to do all this nudity ? viktor ( shrug ) if it 's on the page ... Elaine refer to she document , bewilder . elaine well , something have to be do about this budget . it 's completely unrealistic . ( refer to a column in the budget ) you allow nothing for limousine service . viktor she will drive herself . elaine Hair and make -up ? viktor she will do she own . theater training . elaine she be in the theater ? when ? where ? viktor I will send you she resume . elaine Al least a contingency for wardrobe . any woman can go up a dress size . viktor -- I guarantee she will not gain a once . she 's very discipline . elaine ( concerned by a entry in the budget ) well , we have to do something about this -- " stuntwoman " . viktor what about it ? elaine there be not one . viktor no need . she do all she own stunt . elaine ( skeptical ) even the fall from the plane ? viktor ( nonchalant ) even the fall from the plane . elaine well , shoot it on the last day . viktor regards Elaine with a condescending look . viktor as I have try to explain to you , Elaine . Simone be not like any other actress you have ever know . she 's about the work and only the work -- life for the work . she want all the money up there ... ( gaze into space ) ... on the screen where it belong . she would work for scale except I know you only respect people you pay a fortune . elaine which account for you percentage . ( toss the budget on the coffee table ) when do I get to meet this dream ? viktor not today . she 's learn she line . ( glance to Elaine 's budget ) you can also take cue card and teleprompter out of the budget . elaine ( smile ) I will walk you out . Elaine escort viktor out to the lavish garden . ext . elaine's mansion - garden - day elaine 's demeanor soften . she speak to viktor quietly , sympathetically . elaine listen , viktor ... I want to talk to you now , not as Elaine , studio head , but Elaine , ex-wife . ( correct herself ) second ex-wife . you get lucky this last time but you need to be careful . we both know you would not be make this overblown art film of you have not convinced Simone to be in it . viktor Elaine , talk to you now , not as viktor , director , but viktor , ex husband ... what the hell happen to you ? elaine ( exasperate ) experience , viktor . I have see this a hundred time -- young star destroy the very people who discover they . I be worried about you , that 's all . this woman -- she control you destiny . viktor Simone do not control my destiny . elaine viktor , I have a feel . one of my feeling . there 's something about she I do not trust . from she bedroom window on the mansion 's second floor , lainey smile at the sight of she mother and father together . int . simone &amp ; viktor' office - day viktor enter he office where he 's greet by he assistant , jane . jane ( sheepish ) thanks for take I back , Mr. taransky . I know it look like I sided with the studio , but I always believe in you , honestly . viktor do not worry . I understand . jane ( refer to the cast seat around a conference table ) they be all here . int . simone &amp ; viktor' office - day viktor sit at the head of the table , surround by hal , lotus , mac and three other cast member . a preliminary poster behind he -- " coming this summer - simone in eternity forever " -- bear a huge photograph of Simone 's face . viktor I can not tell you how delighted I be to have this wonderful cast assemble for " eternity forever " . thank you all . now , a reminder -- as a condition for work on this film , you will not be rehearse with Simone , shoot with Simone and you be forbidden from contact Simone in any way at any time , whatsoever . the cast nod seriously . hal ( a think occur ) how will you do we love scene ? viktor body double . hal ( confuse ) for she ? viktor for you . ( address the entire cast ) I want you to know , Simone appreciate you all work for scale . but why be I thanking you ? Simone can thank you herself . she insisted on speak with you before filming begin . she 's on the line now . viktor nod to a speaker phone in the center of the table , a red blink light on the phone . the cast react excitedly . viktor ( push a button on the phone ) Simone , be you there ? simone ( through the speakerphone ) I certainly be , Mr. taransky . lotus ( unable to contain she excitement ) so be we , Simone ! everyone laugh giddily . simone ( o.s. ) why do not you leave I alone with my co-star , Mr. taransky , so we can get to know each other better ? hal good idea . viktor of course . I will be back in a minute . viktor exit . simone ( o.s. ) hi . who 's there ? do not be shy . introduce yourselves . the cast stare nervously at the speakerphone . Mac break the silence . mac I be Mac . I turn down a bertolucci film to be here . lotus my name 's Lotus . God , I can not believe I be talk to you . we be go to become such great friend . hal I be hal . wonderful to be work together ... again . the other cast member introduce themselves . ext . viktor' soundstage - day viktor pull up sharply in he studio golf cart outside the nearby soundstage and hurriedly enter . int . viktor' soundstage - day viktor race across the vast , empty space to a digital player , connect to a phone . Simone 's pre-record open remark ( graphically represent on the screen ) be almost complete . simone be that everyone ...? ( pause ) well , obviously , as you know ... viktor jump into the conversation in the nick of time , speak through the synthesizer . as usual , viktor 's voice be automatically synthesize into the voice of Simone . simone / viktor ... I be Simone . the other cast member laugh nervously . hal ( from viktor 's speakerphone ) obviously . who else ? simone / viktor ( from speaker phone ) I just want to start by apologize for my " process " -- int . simone &amp ; viktor' office - day the cast be hunch over the speakerphone . mac -- no. no. I be completely simpatico . on my last film I be play a schizophrenic so I make they give I two dress room . hal ( a aside ) so commit . simone ( o.s. ) well thank you for you understanding . I know it 's a unusual way to work but I just find I relate better to people when they be not actually there . lotus of course , of course . simone ( o.s. ) I do not have much to say except that I know it 's go to be a great project , if we all just trust Mr. taransky 's vision . always do what Mr. taransky say . if in doubt , do it the taransky way . they all nod vigorously in agreement . simone ( o.s. ) I know we be go to make a wonderful movie together . lotus ( nodd in agreement ) wonderful movie . hal together , absolutely . ext . soundstage - dusk viktor remove he own garbage from he soundstage . a young clean woman , vivian , wheeling a janitor 's cart , tentatively approach . vivian Mr. taransky ... viktor ( refer to the stage ) no one go in there . vivian oh , I know . vivian hesitantly hand viktor a publicity photo of simone . vivian if it 's not too much trouble . could you ...? viktor of course ... vivian ( hesitant about broaching the subject ) this last year I be ... go through some thing . ( shaking she head at the memory ) awful , awful ... thing . but when I see Simone in " sunrise " ... what she do ... in the scene in the firework factory ... ( face lighting up ) ... suddenly everything make sense . my friend , family , doctor -- nobody could reach I -- but Simone , she really ... speak to I . viktor be touch by the heartfelt testimony . viktor she will be happy to sign it . int . production soundstage - day a green set . wall , floor , ceiling -- all green . a full cast shoot hal , dress in a futuristic suit , tentatively crossing the green expanse . hal pause , look longingly , then impulsively dash forward . hal passionately embrace thin air and wrestle it to the ground . viktor ( o.s. ) cut! cut !... cut ! hal freeze . viktor run from behind the camera and confront hal on the green floor . viktor hal , what be you do ? hal viktor , clyde simply have to get close to Simone in this scene ! he have to touch she . he have to ! viktor absolutely not ! hal but she 's right there ! I must feel she ! viktor you can not . hal why not ? viktor ( struggle to find a excuse ) there 's ... a wall between you -- hal -- a emotional wall , I know . that 's why -- viktor -- no. no. a real wall . ( describe a wall with he hand within the green space ) you run right through it . hal ( confuse ) how do the wall get there ? viktor I can not explain it to you now -- you will see when it 's all put together . ( walk away ) anyway , we get it a couple of take ago . let 's move on . hal , dumbfounded , tentatively touch the non-existent wall . int . viktor' soundstage - night viktor digitally add simone stand beside a sportscar with hal in a scene from " eternity forever " . he work on she close up . simone ( eye welling with tear ) -- what you do not understand , clyde , be that love be like a wild flower , but that flower only grow -- viktor hit stop and Simone freeze . viktor bring up a menu and choose from a range of " emotional option " . joy sadness fear elate melancholy anxious jubilant tearful frighten giddy weep petrify ecstatic blubber loss of bladder inebriated kevorkian control contemplation innocence sensuality reflective chaste seductive thoughtful virtuous lustful meditative angelic bestial stoic madonna madonna bored out of she [ bless virgin ] [ like a virgin ] skull he fine - tune simone 's performance -- slide a cursor on a performance axis from " broad " to " subtle " . viktor let 's take it down a notch . simone -- what you do not understand -- Simone freeze again . viktor make another adjustment . viktor I like it . but still too big . ( make a correction ) smaller teardrop next time . Simone 's tear retreat into she eye . viktor it 's not work . it 's not alive . let 's try it again . she repeat the line . viktor mime the performance . simone ( teardrop arrive on cue ) -- what you do not understand , clyde , be that love be like a wild flower , but that flower only grow on the edge ... ( dramatic pause ) ... of a very high cliff . Simone freeze . viktor perfect , Simone . viktor return simone to she neutral background . viktor I be only sorry you still have to work with flesh and blood for the time be -- as user friendly as you be , even I can not manufacture a entire cast . " to vivian . Love , Simone " -- viktor write on the publicity shot . he apply lipstick and add a kiss to the photo . viktor wipe he mouth and look to simone on he screen -- she be wait patiently , as usual . viktor we be go to have to change we plan , Simone -- you have no idea what a affect you performance be have on people . we can not stop now . there 's too much to say -- this film they speak , they speak to the human condition . we be change life . no , revealing the truth now would be too cruel . ( search for more justification ) anyway , when you be seek a great truth -- in the work -- you be not so concerned with the lesser truth along the way . Simone do not appear convinced . simone / viktor you be go to get in a lot of trouble , Mr. taransky . viktor ( irritate at she prick he conscience ) why do you have to bring that up ? there 's always risk -- life 's a risk . it 's worth it . besides , how could something so lovely be a crime ? ( regard she tenderly ) well , I think we have do enough for today . you have be coope up in there too long . how about you and I go out on the town ? they be expect we . he turn to a copy of " the echo " . a photo of viktor at the gate of he malibu home . " simone held captive - self proclaim svengali keeps Star out of limelight " . viktor put Simone to sleep and pick up a briefcase . int . HOTEL lobby - night viktor , briefcase in hand , stride through the lobby of a opulent hotel . he approach the concierge . viktor I be check in a special guest ... ( obviously conspiratorial ) ... miss enomis . the concierge straighten as he recognize viktor from a copy of " variety " . headline : " taransky ride ingenue 's coat-Tail to Three picture deal " . concierge miss enomis , yes . viktor miss enomis demand she privacy . you will switch off all surveillance camera . I will escort miss enomis to she room alone via the rear exit . she will require no help with she luggage . she do not wish to be disturb at any time for any reason . she will be depart for a function tonight at eight sharp . ( tipping he with a hundred dollar bill ) I be sure I can rely on you discretion . do you understand ? concierge ( pass the key to viktor ) oh , I understand . as viktor depart , the concierge hold the registration card to the mirror . enomis become simone . the concierge pick up he phone . int . HOTEL room - night viktor enter the hotel suite . we see a montage of scene -- viktor revelling in he masquerade . a ) viktor pull down the cover of a bed and roll around in the sheet to give it a sleep - in look . B ) viktor spray cologne in the bed . C ) viktor toss skimpy lingerie on the floor of the closet . D ) viktor eat several candy bar from the mini-bar . E ) viktor put one of he own movie in the dvd player . F ) viktor write a note on the bedside pad . G ) in the bathroom , shower run , viktor attempt to open a tampon -- it shoot out of the applicator like a penny rocket . h ) viktor cut a lock of " faux " hair from a Simone wig and scatter it on the counter . I ) viktor shake open a bag of toiletry , the toothbrush bounce into the toilet bowl . he retrieve it . J ) viktor look through the drape of the hotel window -- a jam of PRESS photographer have congregate outside the rear entrance . k ) viktor shine a lamp against a doll casting a life-size shadow on the drape . a " walk " silhouette be visible to the media on the street . L ) viktor write a message in lipstick on the mirror -- " I love you V - - " . viktor be interrupt by a knock on the door . he look at he watch . viktor ( peer through the peephole ) who be it ? woman' voice ( from other side of door ) it 's ... Simone . viktor smile . ext . HOTEL - rear entrance - night viktor stand at the rear entrance of the hotel with a leggy young woman wear a coat over she head . a HOTEL doorman keep back the grow horde of reporter . viktor 's limousine wait at the curb . the coat woman start towards the car but viktor hold she back . viktor not yet . ( scrutinize the crowd ) where 's " matinee " ? there they be . okay , I think everyone 's here . now ! viktor and the young woman run the gauntlet to the car , provide a perfect albeit restrict photo - op for the paparazzi . photographer 1 Simone ! echo photographer over here , sweetheart ! photographer 3 come one Simone , take it off , baby ! photographer 4 we get a job to do ! the car door slam shut as the pack descend . max sayer and milton be amongst the frustrated reporter . the limo screech away . a police motorcyclist prevent anyone follow . the frustrated reporter assess they effort . photographer 1 I think I get a piece of she ear . echo photographer I do not get shit . milton ( emerge from the pack , to Max ) ten foot from a live goddess ... int . miss enomis' HOTEL suite - night max sayer pay off the concierge . his assistant , milton , begin to collect " evidence " of the celebrity -- dusting for fingerprint , etc . Max rub pencil into the impression on the bedside notepad revealing the message -- " the meaning of life be that it end " . max ( interrupt milton 's work ) leave I for a moment . milton and the concierge depart . Max be alone . he look around the room . a ) max enter the bathroom . he pick up a drink glass and inspect it closely before place it in a seal plastic bag . B ) max examine the wet soap from the shower and also place it in a plastic bag . C ) max pick up the use toothbrush , put it to he lip before place it in a plastic bag . D ) max gently place he hand on the toilet seat . E ) max enter the bedroom . he carefully remove a slip from a pillow . he fold it meticulously , appear to breathe in its scent as he place it in a plastic bag . F ) finally , max kneel and gaze at " Simone 's " unmade bed . he slowly slide into the bed and slip beneath the same sheet recently vacate by viktor . int . hallway - outside HOTEL suite - night milton , ear press against the door , try to listen inside . int . viktor taransky's limousine - night viktor and the coated woman have finally leave the paparazzi in they wake . viktor gently remove the coat from over she head . although the woman be impossible beautiful , she be not Simone . faith be Simone 's latest stand - in and decoy . viktor and faith be still press together against one side of the limousine . viktor ( not quite able to avert he eye from she telescopic leg ) thank God for you , faith . I know this be above and beyond the call of duty for a stand - in . you do not know what a service you be perform for Simone -- shield she from that animal . faith no , thank God for you , Mr. taransky . how many man would go to so much trouble to protect a woman ? neither viktor nor faith seem inclined to move from they intimate position . viktor you understand you will have to come back to my place to keep they off the , er ... ( he nose close to faith 's neck ) ... scent . faith of course . viktor ( meeting she gaze ) you look so , so ... faith ... so much like she ? viktor yes , of course , but very beautiful in you own right . faith I do find myself physically attract to you , Mr. taransky . they lip be now tantalizingly close . viktor viktor . int . viktor' malibu house - night viktor' head hit the sofa in he live room , closely follow by faith on top of he . faith tear at he clothes and she own , ravenous . viktor hardly resist . in the midst of the wild caress , faith murmur in he ear . faith do whatever you do to Simone . viktor freeze . viktor what ?... what do you say ? faith do what you do to Simone . viktor what I do to Simone ? faith yes , call I Simone . viktor Simone ? faith ( still tear at he clothes ) yes , yes , again , again . do what you do to Simone . I want to know what it 's like to be she just for one night . viktor ( confuse ) you be with I to be close to she ? faith ( panting ) be that a problem ? as viktor ponder the question , faith begin to do Simone 's deathb speech from " sunrise , sunset " . faith " why be we here ? be that what you be ask , Jack ?... why be we here ? no why . just here " . viktor ( this be too much for viktor ) please put you clothes on viktor get up from the sofa , leave the frustrated faith to straighten she clothes . ext . futuristic landscape - " eternity forever " - day the finish scene with simone and hal play on a screen . int . screening room - studio - day viktor watch the rough cut of " eternity forever " with elaine and daughter , lainey . as usual , they be mesmerize by the breath-take beautiful simone . the scene end . the light go up . elaine stun , viktor . the Hollywood foreign Press be go to eat this up . viktor thank you . ( turn to he daughter ) what do you think , lainey ? lainey one thing bother I . viktor I know , hal be as stiff as always . lainey no , not that . I be just wonder -- in the bedroom scene in reel two why do Simone have no reflection when she walk in front of that mirror ? viktor be shocked , bust . he cover it with a laugh . viktor ( ashen -face ) I wonder if you would spot that . you have get a good eye , lainey . I be proud of you . Elaine look at viktor for a explanation . viktor I get they to remove the reflection . the mirror 's metaphor -- to show how she character 's inwardly dead . elaine that 's genius , viktor . be that Simone 's idea ? viktor ( sarcastic , annoyed at the suggestion ) who else ? it 's always Simone 's idea . lainey ( not quite convinced ) so that account for the lack of a shadow in reel six ? viktor precisely . ext . studio lot - night viktor escort elaine and lainey to Elaine 's car park outside the theater . lainey ( as she get into the car ) good-night , daddy . viktor ( kissing lainey good - bye ) night , lainey . Elaine and viktor linger a moment outside the car . viktor ( draw Elaine aside ) Elaine , I do not know if it 's a good idea for lainey to come to the screening -- mature content and all that . both look to lainey . from inside the car lainey watch she parent . elaine ( impressed by he responsible attitude ) maybe you be right . ( gently teasing ) twelve year after you daughter 's bear you decide to become a father . viktor better late than never . elaine ( soften ) I should fire you more often . the film 's look wonderful . viktor you really think so ? elaine yes . to be honest I never quite see this film before -- maybe it 's the way Simone be play it -- but what it 's say about the illusion of permanence in everyday life , how that 's the only way we can love -- I think it 's really go to mean something . viktor thank you . I will tell Simone you like it . elaine I would love to tell she myself . ( cajole ) when be you go to let I meet she ? viktor soon. soon . elaine everyone I know have meet she , viktor . viktor everyone you know be lie . elaine ( amused ) that 's true . they instinctively kiss , more affectionate than before . however , they embrace be interrupt by a click of a camera shutter from a nearby bush . viktor damnit ! the photographer have go but so have the mood . elaine you know how you can stop that . she have to get out more . ( climb into the car ) see you at the premiere . Elaine climb into she car and drive away . ext . premiere - dusk the premiere for " eternity forever " be everything viktor have hope for " sunrise , sunset " . Red carpet , klieg light search the sky , scream fan and paparazzi . a limousine pull up , door open and viktor step out . the crowd scream with excitement . viktor wave . be expectancy in the crowd -- people crane they neck , wait for someone else to step out of the open car door ... but nothing . the door shut . a disappointed murmer . the limo drive off . viktor walk down the carpet to little fanfare . premiere reporter 1 ( talk to camera ) -- what a night ! anyone who 's anyone be here at the premiere of " eternity forever , " but wait for Simone to show may take even longer . we do have she director , viktor taransky . ( ushere he over ) viktor , viktor , be Simone come ? viktor ( slightly irritate by the focus on the star ) you know Simone . other reporter force they way into the interview . premiere reporter 2 I hope she do show up . some of she fan get here at dawn . we do not want to disappoint they . viktor ( through a pain smile ) well , I be sure they be go to love the movie . I get the inspiration -- however , the reporter 's attention have stray . premiere reporter 2 harry epson ! the cameras pivot away from viktor . screen idol , harry epson , be walk up the carpet . premiere reporter 2 Harry ! Harry ! can we have a minute ? what bring you here tonight ? harry ( wave to the fan ) I just come out to support my good friend , Simone . premiere reporter 2 there 's a rumor that you be more than just " good friend " ? harry ( slightly irritate by the invasion ) we have be see each other , sure , but we would rather keep we relationship private . premiere reporter 2 ( believe she have a scoop ) do I hear the sound of ... wedding bell ? harry ( suddenly lose it ) I can not believe you people ! no wonder she never come to this thing ! Harry angrily push the camera away and stride up the carpet . viktor watch he go , flabbergasted . ext . premiere party - night a pack , glitzy party . viktor enter without a escort . despite he recent rise to prominence he appear strangely alone . he observe elaine , champagne in hand , and the young kent , schmooze with a group of industry mover and shaker . mover / shaker Elaine ! the picture be a revelation ! elaine thank you . I mean , it be a team effort -- viktor can not resist take Elaine 's photo with a small pocket camera . Elaine be unaware of the shot . viktor turn away -- just as Elaine turn to look at he . viktor pick up a drink from the bar . a drunk woman , perch unsteadily on a nearby barstool , be knock back Jack Daniels . she accidentally brushes one of she discard glass off the bar . viktor catch it . a hand tap viktor on the shoulder . hal stand there accompany by he " eternity forever " co-star , mac . hal be she here ? viktor I be fine , hal . how be you ? hal ( oblivious to he sarcasm ) somebody say she be here . Mac spot the two glass in viktor 's hand -- one glass lipstick - smear . mac oh my God , that 's she glass ! ( impulsively smell " Simone 's " glass ) Jack Daniels , straight -up . she be my kind of woman . hal ( look anxiously around the room ) viktor , where be she ? viktor she 's around . mac ( dawn on he , glance to the far side of the pack room ) Jesus , hal ... she 's in the lady room . hal you know I sometimes forget she have bodily function . viktor ( unable to resist ) I know what you mean . hal ( anxiously look to the restroom ) I have to talk to she about my experimental film . it 's very ... experimental . mac be that she ? -- by the fountain . Far across the party , a woman , with a Simone - type hairstyle , she back to we , be stand at the edge of a fountain . viktor ( testy ) no . in fact , between we , she do not really exist . hal ( ignore he , call out to the woman ) Simone ! mac simone ! several nearby guest , include elaine , overhear . they talk over each other . guest 1 -- Simone 's here ! elaine ( slightly the worse for drink ) -- when do she arrive ? why do not someone tell I ? guest 2 -- where be she ? mac -- she 's by the fountain . guest 3 -- Simone , over here ! guest 4 -- Simone ! the rumor race through the party like wild - fire . the guest surge towards the fountain in a wave of mindless adoration . the Simone lookalike herself spin around . lookalike woman Simone ! she get knock into the fountain . several other guest also fall in the stampede . back at the bar , the barman , autograph book in hand , desert he station . viktor be leave alone with the drunk woman . local tv news the limousine outside the hotel ballroom have be replace with ambulance . paramedics tend to guest , bloody and batter in the stampede cause by Simone 's " appearance " . entertainment reporter ( into microphone ) -- forget " eternity forever " , the big news tonight be the surprise appearance of Simone . even this see - it - all superstar be apparently not immune to Simone fever and the result stampede force organizer to bring the event to a early end . I speak with some of the depart guest about they encounter with Hollywood 's most reluctant superstar . cut of interview with various bruise guest . executive 3 -- I would say , even more beautiful in person , you have to see she to believe she . male guest 1 -- I can not reveal what we speak about . it be ... personal . Simone and I go back a long way . female guest 1 -- when she talk to you , for that moment , you be the only other human be in the room . female guest 2 ( dress tear ) -- I really do not know what the fuss be about . so over-rated . she 's do one film . talk to I when she 's have the kind of career I have have . male guest 2 -- I do expect she to be nominate , yes . we return to the live shot of the entertainment reporter . entertainment reporter fortunately , Simone be not amongst the injure and be spirite away as mysteriously as she arrive . ext . echo office - day Max sayer 's car be park outside of the echo Building . int . echo office - day in the echo war room , max sayer be agitate . he pace back and forth , railing at a table of cower staffer . max -- she go to a major , Hollywood , a-list party and we do not get a interview , a comment , we do not even get a photograph ? be that what you be tell I ? echo photographer nobody get a photograph . nobody ever get a photograph . milton we have get we best people on it , Mr. sayer . max 24 - hour tail on taransky ? milton shutter bug campe outside any place he go , every concierge and maitre d' on the take . but this Simone woman be good . max ( refer to a " confidential " FBI report ) obviously the name be not real -- she 's use a assume identity , travel under a false name , check into hotel with a alias . she never stay in the same place two night in a row . anything on the satellite photo ? ( irritate ) what about the fingerprint ? what happen when we dust that hotel suite ? milton hold up a glass take from the hotel . milton well , we get some of taransky 's fingerprint , a lot of you fingerprint ... but none of hers . max ( interest pique ) which mean they be significant . ( beat ) incriminate . ( beat ) perhaps , criminal . ( get excited ) she 's hide she past . she 's hide she past . Max ponder the revelation . max of course -- no one 's that perfect , that pure . you know I have something on mother Teresa . but then she die and it be not worth it anymore . ( approach a computer ) I know how to flush out this Simone -- a tell - all story from she childhood . milton ( impressed ) my God , you have get one ? max ( offer milton a seat in front of the computer ) I will when you be finish write it . milton hesitates , question he journalistic ethic . max ( disappointed in he protege ) be I waste my time with you ? when she sue to protect she privacy , she will have to appear in a public courtroom to do it . milton ( under he breath ) Long live the first amendment . max sometimes you have to tell a small lie to get to the bigger truth . ( to he nervous photographer ) as for a photo -- if you can not do it , I know twelve million people who can . close up on the echo magazine -- " circulation - 12 million " . ext . studio lot - day " million dollar reward for photo of simone ! " -- be the headline on the cover of the echo . viktor be read the magazine as he make he way through the studio lot . he look up to see several studio cart park outside he soundstage . a group of studio executive , lead by elaine , be try to break into the " close set " . viktor run towards the door , throw himself between the door and the executive . viktor -- you can not go in there ! elaine -- we have to talk to she , viktor ! executive 1 -- we know she 's in there ! viktor glare at the security guard who shrug weakly . viktor ( struggle to hold they back ) -- why ? what 's all this about ? executive 2 ( wave a spreadsheet ) -- we have get the tracking number for " eternity forever " . executive 3 -- they be in the toilet . elaine -- she have to get out there and sell the film . viktor -- what do you want she to do , go door- to- door -- ? executive 1 -- even garbo would be on the talk show circuit if she be alive today . viktor ( irritate ) -- it 's precisely because she do not crave the limelight that people love she . I tell you , she 's only about the work . executive 3 -- this be over - shadow the work ! executive 2 ( wave the front page of the echo ) that 's the problem . she 's more famous for she no - show than she show . elaine -- it 's start to look like she do not support the film or you , viktor . ( try to squeeze past viktor ) if you can not handle she , I will . viktor ( block she path ) not now . she 's emotional . her mother die today . scene forty - two of " good for nothing " . it 's not a good time . Elaine and the executive be not convinced , they overpower viktor . viktor no ! please , do not go in there ! too late . Elaine and the suit force the lock and enter . int . viktor' soundstage - day elaine and the executive stop in they track -- confront with the surreal sight of the lone computer station in the vast soundstage . a desperate viktor catch up with they . executive 1 where be she ? executive 2 she 's not here . viktor Elaine ... I ... Elaine wander over to the idle computer with a know smile . elaine so , the secret 's finally out , viktor . viktor -- I can explain . elaine -- I do not think that 's necessary . I think it 's perfectly clear . I should have guess -- it all make sense now ... it 's why she never go anywhere , never see in public ... viktor lower he head , resign to he fate . elaine she 's into computer . viktor look up . executive 1 ( nodd in agreement ) probably spend she whole life in chat room . executive 2 it 's the one place she can be herself . executive 3 anonymous . viktor seize on the opportunity . viktor ( adopt a serious tone ) it 's worse than you think . she 's extremely agoraphobic -- have a morbid fear of people and germ . in a way I be relieved you ... find out . the executive be take aback by the shocking revelation . viktor the premiere be the first time I have convinced she to venture out and it just confirm she worst nightmare . elaine ( concerned ) viktor , you should have say something . viktor she do not want pity . elaine ( see a new side of viktor ) you be so good to protect she like this . viktor shrug modestly . viktor ( to the executive , concede ) I will tell you what . I know how much this mean to you . I will try to get she to plug the film . ( beat ) I be not promise anything but maybe she will do a talk show -- tape . elaine oh , make it live -- please , viktor . viktor I will try . maybe live but remote . she will never go to they . executive 1 we understand . thank you , viktor . executive 2 give she we best . satisfied , the executive make they way out of the soundstage . executive 1 ( aside to a colleague ) that agoraphobia -- it 's like a plague . executive 2 it 's out of control in Europe . viktor and Elaine be leave alone . viktor I be sorry I do not get a chance to introduce you to Simone at the premiere . there be not time with the riot and everything . ( pick up a frame photo from the work station ) but she want you to have this . the photograph show elaine , slightly inebriated at the premiere , simone stand slightly behind she . elaine she be there . she do not by any chance happen to mention I ? viktor she say you be very beautiful . elaine ( flatter ) really ? viktor ( blurt out ) Elaine , what be you do tonight ? would you like to go somewhere -- dinner ? elaine I would love to . but be not you suppose to meet up with Simone ? viktor oh , yes . of course . do not I always ? viktor watch Elaine make she way back to she studio cart . viktor realize he be still hold a copy of the National echo -- the headline , " million dollar reward for photo of simone " ! accompany by a photo of intrepid reporter max sayer . int . supermarket - night a unattend shopping cart , at the end of the freeze food aisle , begin to mysteriously roll towards we . we discover viktor , pull the cart with fishing line , while at the same time shoot it with a video camera . int . supermarket - night viktor 's home video of the shopping cart play on a tv . however , now simone be push the cart . she wear sunglass , she hair in curler under a scarf . Simone take a swanson Chicken pot pie out of a cabinet ... then a box of cereal off a display . int . echo office - day max sayer watch the video in he office , enrapture . he rewind the tape and replay the moment . max she like Apple jack ... just like I ... Assistant milton enter . he look ill . milton Mr. sayer ... max ( irritate at be interrupt ) what do you want -- ? milton Mr. sayer , do we pay the million buck yet ? max ( never averting he eye from the screen ) -- cashier 's check go out to we anonymous tipster this morning -- worth every penny too . who say there 's no place for checkbook journalism ? we will be run still of this for month , then release the whole tape -- we will get we money back -- maybe show it on a exclusive pay-per-view event . do you realize what we have here ? we have the only independent footage of Simone in existence . milton we use to . Max 's head snap around . milton ( hold a copy of the L.A. Times calendar section - " Simone live " ) she 's do Frank brand on Thursday . Max cough . max get out . a tv the open credit to " frank brand live " , a global cable show play against a starscape -- image of famous politician and world leader interview by Frank . frank brand ( to camera ) tonight on Frank brand live -- int . elaine's mansion - day elaine , kent and lainey watch the tv interview in Elaine 's mansion with eager anticipation . frank brand -- since take the nation by storm with she debut movie , " sunrise , sunset " ... int . max sayer' office - the echo - day max sayer and assistant milton be also glue to they set . frank brand ... no one 's manage to land a live tv interview with the fabulous , new shoot starlet , Simone ... until now . int . viktor' soundstage - day casually tack up on the monitor be the million dollar check from the echo . viktor , face and body scan by the computer , be make a final test of he equipment . when he touch he hair , bat he eye , move he hand -- so do Simone . viktor frantically test several different background behind simone from a library of image . rainforest . Desert . ritzy hotel suite . moonscape . Factory . simone / viktor make up you mind , viktor . make up you mind . he settles on the desert location . he also make a last - second change to Simone 's wardrobe -- select " too - tight sweater " . int . frank brand tv studio - night frank brand talk to camera . frank brand I be happy to say she 's agree to join we tonight from the set of she new film . ( turn to the tv monitor ) welcome , Simone . the just - complete image of simone appear on brand 's monitor . simone wonderful to be with you , Frank . int . elaine's mansion - day kent , refer to Simone , forget or not caring that Elaine be in the room . kent she be all woman . lainey shoot she mother 's boyfriend a wither look . she get up and leave the room . during the interview we cut between Frank brand 's studio , viktor 's soundstage and various viewer location include Elaine 's mansion , Max sayer 's office and various worldwide location -- a ) a lone afghani shepherd gaze at a watchman . B ) a japanese couple watch tv in a capsule hotel room . C ) a catholic cardinal watch tv in the vatican . int . frank brand tv studio - night frank brand well , no one could accuse you of be over - expose , Simone . why have you stay so completely out of the limelight ? simone ( shrug ) I just think actor talk too much . do the world really want to hear you life story just because you have get a movie open Friday ? frank brand of course , the only problem with shy away from publicity this day be that it tend to attract more . viktor be in he element , he effeminate gesture frighteningly convincing . simone ( from tv ) do not I know it . that 's the only reason I be here now -- to put the attention back where it belong , on Mr. taransky 's film . frank brand you do not secretly want the attention ? simone I be not even sure I deserve it . after tonight I will have almost as much screen time on you show as I do in my movie . how be that healthy for a performer ? Ie . elaine's mansion - day lainey have turn she back on the tv screen , prefer to look through a book . simone ( from tv ) because , you have to understand , Frank , this interview -- none of this be real . who I be on screen and who I really be be two totally different people . frank brand who be you really ? simone that 's a good question . ( beat ) as nietzsche say , " whenever a man strive long and hard to appear someone else ... " lainey ( read from a bookmark page , along with Simone ) " ... he end up find it be difficult to be himself again . " frank brand well put . lainey regards the name write on the inside page -- " viktor taransky " . int . max sayer' office - the echo - day tv play in the background , max and milton be hurriedly leaf through travel book and scrutinize map . max ( focus on the desert background behind Simone ) I know where that be ... I know ... int . frank brand tv studio - night frank brand Change of topic . Simone , you have be romantically link to dozen of man in the press -- Mick Jagger , Stephen hawking , fidel castro ... and most recently viktor taransky . be there a Mr. right in there somewhere ? simone I would rather not discuss my private life . ( gently ) but viktor and I be inseparable . int . elaine's mansion - day elaine 's face drop , slightly hurt . kent you dog , viktor ! simone ( from tv ) I literally would not be here today without he . int . viktor' soundstage - day viktor accidentally tap he finger on the keyboard in he excitement -- the cursor aim at " tear " command . simone's eye start to well with tear -- a tear spill from she eye . frank brand would you like a moment , Simone ? viktor notice , quickly withdraw he finger -- he startle expression instantly imitate by Simone . simone no , I be okay . int . frank brand tv studio - night frank brand let 's talk about the work that you care so much about . simone sure . where would you like to start ? frank brand how about the nudity ? simone nudity have just never be a issue for I , Frank . for I , clothes be just a option . frank brand what exactly be it that attract you to you first two project ? simone ( unable to resist a smile ) I suppose the thing I like most about the movie I be in be that they be not about special effect . Frank nod sagely . frank brand they be better for it if I may say . int . viktor' soundstage - day the smile be suddenly wipe off viktor 's face by a blink alert : !! insufficient memory to complete this task !! the pixel that form simone start to break up . curiously , it be only Simone and not the background that be disintegrate . int . frank brand tv studio - night frank brand ( regard the screen ) well , we appear to be experience satellite difficulty . in case we lose you , Simone , I want to thank you -- int . viktor' soundstage - day viktor speak again , he voice suddenly deeper . simone / viktor thank ... you , frank . in horror viktor hurriedly pull the plug . the feed go blank on Frank brand 's screen . viktor slump over he computer in exhaustion . since simone be still synce to he movement , the partially de- pixelate Simone also slump . viktor 's cell phone ring . viktor pick up . viktor / simone hel -- he remember at the last second to switch off he voice synthesizer . viktor ( into phone ) hello . int . elaine's mansion - day we cut between the two side of the conversation -- elaine on the phone , kent still watch post-interview analysis on the tv . elaine -- viktor , be you with she ? be she there ? viktor no . a anxious beat . elaine be you and Simone ... ( blurt it out ) ... get marry ? viktor ( take aback by the suggestion ) no , of course not ! ( realize the significance of the question ) why ? would you care if we be ? elaine ( cover , realize she have give herself away ) well , yes . from a studio point of view , it would be better if Simone stay single . ( quick change of topic ) anyhow , I think she come across great tonight . intelligent , well inform , a natural . and touch . she be spectacular . viktor thank you . a pause . elaine viktor , do you realize you always do that ? viktor do what ? elaine whenever I compliment Simone , you take the credit . viktor I do ? elaine yes , you do ... ( shrug ) anyway , tonight be a good start . viktor Excuse I ? start ? elaine it 's a crowded summer . we need every photo-opp , sound - byte and column inch we can get . good night , viktor . Elaine hang up . lainey approach . lainey ( carefully broaching the subject ) Mom , do you miss dad ? elaine ( she think ) sometimes . but , just when I think you father 's change for the better , I realize he 's as self absorb as ever . he take the credit for Simone tonight . lainey , come to she father 's defense , glance at the nietzsche book in she hand . lainey I think dad deserve more credit than he get . int . viktor' soundstage - later that night viktor watch simone on screen . he be unusually anxious . as usual simone be wear a skimpy , provocative outfit as she await instruction on the screen . for some reason viktor become irritate by the image . viktor ( to Simone ) will you cover yourself up !? he hit a button . a thick wool coat click over she body . ext . new mexico desert - morning the echo newscar streak through the bronze and purple desert . max and he assistant milton emerge from the car . max -- I have be here before ! -- on my honeymoon with my ex-wife . milton be that why she leave you ? Max hold a video print of simone give she frank brand interview . he compare she desert location to the one in front of he . max ( point out a joshua tree ) you see , that 's the exact same tree and in the distance , there 's the ... ( voice trail away ) ... mountain . sure enough , the joshua tree be identical but the mountain be now obscure by a ten-story holiday Inn . Max and milton be mystify -- they look back at the photo . milton it 's a hotel . max I do not understand . milton could they have build that hotel since yesterday ? Max shake he head , deeply concerned . max get in the car . int . viktor' soundstage - night viktor have transformed he soundstage into a one - man publicity machine . the floor be litter with photograph of simone in various state of dress and undress . use a sophisticated photoshop computer program , viktor construct magazine spread out of numerous previous magazine spread -- " time " , " people " , " we " , " life " , " popular mechanic " . viktor ( angrily into phone ) -- we do not do the photo shoot , you do not get the cover ... write answer to write question , that 's right ... website interview , no problem . viktor call up a " dance option " . choose from a hula dancer , a belly dancer and a classical ballerina , he remove Simone 's head and place it on the body of the ballerina . she begin to dance for he . he use a program to construct childhood photograph of simone and other childhood memorabilia . he employ background from numerous on - line library source . with a quick cut and paste he be able to place Simone on a beach in San Tropez or a bicycle factory in Calcutta . viktor ( mutter to himself ) you want exposure , Elaine ? I will give you over -exposure ... int . elaine's office - studio - day elaine watch tv in she office . she cannot change channel without find Simone sit in a chair give generic answer . int . simone interview set - day ( on elaine's tv ) simone I think " eternity forever " be my finest work . simone I be most proud of my work in " eternity forever " . simone I think people be go to love " eternity forever " . int . viktor' soundstage - night viktor inspect a cut - out photograph of Simone in " eternity forever " costume . he speak to the photo . viktor forgive I , Simone . ext . fastfood restaurant - day the photograph of Simone be emblazon on a fast food drink cup -- a pyramid of cup promote " eternity forever " happy meal . beneath the plastic pyramid be a simone action figure in a convertible . int . viktor' malibu beach house - day " eternity forever " have big future at b.o .! scream the banner headline in " variety " . $ $ $ imone - win 6th weekend in a row shout the " Hollywood reporter " . the trade papers sit on the coffee table in front of viktor who recline on a leather sofa , watch tv , gaze lovingly at Simone . int . simone interview set - day ( on viktor be tv ) simone of course , be a movie star be wonderful , but I have so many other way I want to express myself -- int . bookstore - day various book title be on display : " simone's favorite southern recipe " " human : kind - the poetry of simone " " simone's 101 way to joy " ext . department store - day a banner in a window read . " in stock : simone's easy - wear fashion " . mannequin model the clothes . int . viktor' soundstage - day we focus on the screen where viktor type in instruction : search : " number 1 hit - female artist / billboard chart " period : " last 40 year " a list of the number 1 hit for the last forty year promptly appear on the screen along with photograph of the artist -- patsy cline , ella fitzgerald , aretha franklin , janice joplin , carol king , whitney houston , madonna , etc . beneath the title of each song be a graphic representation of the music -- " pitch " and " resonance " . viktor press a button : " morph " . the audio wave converge . int . viktor' soundstage - day viktor , wear headphone , record he composite pop song . as usual when he sing into he microphone , Simone also sing . the catchy song be title : " ( if you can not believe in yourself ) believe in I " . simone appear in a music video . int . record store - day the video for simone 's song play on the video wall inside the record store . teenage girl , buy CD 's , dance adoringly in front of the screen , unaware that they be gyrate to the vocal of a middle - age man . insert - " ( if you can not believe in yourself ) believe in I " shoot up the billboard chart . ext . ocean - day close up on the name " simone " paint on the stern of a luxury yacht . viktor be at the helm , breathe in the clean air -- at last a moment to savor he success . Simone 's hit single play on the yacht 's stereo . he look at peace . ext . marina - day a tourist have he arm around simone , have he photograph take . however , we discover that the Simone be only a lifesize cardboard cutout use by a STREET vendor to sell snapshot . he also have cardboard cutout of the pope and elvis . max sayer and milton walk by . tying up he boat , viktor 's mood be abruptly shattered by the sight of Max and milton walk down the pier towards he . max Nice boat , taransky . viktor it 's a yacht . max I know what you be up to . viktor ( push past Max ) I do not have time for this , sayer . max I think you do . ( hold up he video print of Simone in the desert ) I know it 's a fake . viktor freeze . max get you attention now ? Max compare the shot to one of the current desert location with the holiday Inn in front of the mountain . max ( refer to the photograph ) it 's bogus . you use a old library shot for the background . viktor ( ashen ) the background be . max she be never in New Mexico . she never leave the studio . viktor be relieved that Max be only accuse he of fake the background . max ( refer to a large bundle of other shot under he arm ) I have do my homework . I have study she . viktor -- I bet you have . max -- I have look at every piece of publicity she 's ever do , the video in the supermarket , there 's no evidence she 's ever leave the studio. ( afterthought ) oh , and for some reason this woman leave no paper trail . but I have " obtain " a copy of you bank account . I know you have power of attorney but so far you have not transfer one single solitary cent to she . viktor I be keep it in trust . max I know that 's what you would like we to believe . but I get to tell you -- embezzlement be a serious matter . not to mention abduction . viktor abduction ? max I do not buy the whole recluse scam . how be you do it ? what be it -- drug ? blackmail ? mind-control ? all three ? what do you do -- keep she lock in a box somewhere ? viktor flinch at the remark . viktor what be it exactly you want , sayer ? max I want to see she . unless you show I Simone live and in person I show this picture to the authority . viktor pause , consider the threat . viktor alright , sayer , you have get a deal . max er , ... good . milton that 's good . viktor walk away leave Max confuse . the breeze whip the photo of simone out of Max 's hand and into the sea . int . concert stadium - dusk a vast , empty stadium . on the stage , a lone microphone . viktor approach , gaze out at the vast arena . several promoter and technician join he . promoter all ready , Mr. taransky . this time tomorrow night , she will be stand right here in front of a pack house . we could have sell it out twenty time . viktor nod . technician soundcheck go perfect . laser show ready to go . ( cautionary note ) I gotta say , you order a awful lot of smoke . viktor that 's the way she like it . the promoter glance to the area in front of the stage , where a barrier have be erect . promoter after what you tell we about the death threat , the security guard be under strict instruction never to take they eye off the crowd . viktor excellent . viktor hand each man a headshot of simone sign with a kiss . viktor Simone want you to have this . technician ( visibly move by the gesture ) wish she luck from we . viktor oh , I will . ( afterthought ) remember , no camera , no binocular . ext . stadium - night in the shadow of the enormous stadium sit a control truck / tour bus , satellite dish on the roof -- the light from the laser - show inside the arena play off the truck . the control truck shake from the stomping of the crowd . crowd ... SI - mone ! SI -mone ! si-mone !... the door to the truck be mark , " simone - splendid isolation tour. no entry " . int . control truck - backstage - night viktor sit alone at the mixing panel of a control truck . on he monitor , a sea of humanity , chant . crowd ... SI - mone ! SI -mone ! si-mone !... viktor produce the " simulation one " hard - drive from he jacket pocket and insert it into the computer . simone appear on the monitor . viktor let 's get you into hair and make up . Simone 's hair rapidly grow in a number of style , eyelash grow and be trim , eyeshadow of various shade paint across the lid . viktor wardrobe . viktor try several outfit on Simone -- the clothes appear to fabricate themselves on she body . he settles for the most provocative outfit . finger poise over the keyboard , viktor glance to a monitor show -- int . stadium - crowd - night elaine and lainey amongst the crowd , clap they hand , stomping they foot and chant . int . control truck - backstage - night viktor easier to make one hundred thousand believe than just one . he scroll to a program , mark " hologram " and push the " enter " key . int . stadium - concert stage - night smoke fill the stage . a strobe light show play . a booming announcer be hear . announcer lady and gentleman , viktor taransky promotion be proud to present , live on stage , for the debut concert of the " splendid isolation " tour , the one , the only , si-mone ! a spotlight fall on the solitary figure of Simone , stand alone on the stage with a guitar over she shoulder ( the only accompaniment ) -- dwarf by the huge stage . however , on closer inspection , the spotlight be actually a laser beam create a hologram . Cloud of smoke and strobe lighting aid the illusion . the only clear view of Simone for the audience be provide by the enormous video screen on either side of the stage . the crowd stare up at the jumbotron , blissfully unaware that they be watch a pre-record event . some watch the event on portable tvs . int . control truck - backstage - night close up on the computer screen . viktor scroll down a list of option -- " ... houston , miami , new york , l.a .... " simone ( from on stage ) I love you ... he select " l.a . " . simone ... L.A. the crowd roar its approval . simone it 's great to be here . int . stadium - concert stage - night simone -- she voice a seamless blend of several divas -- begin to sing she hit song , " ( if you can not believe in yourself ) believe in I " . a verse of the song be sung in perfect Spanish . ext . various location - night / day a ) on a jumbotron in Tokyo simone 's concert play live . B ) on a tv set on a West African beach , child dance to simone . C ) on a computer in a bombay taxi , the driver and he passenger gyrate to simone webcast . int . control truck - backstage - night viktor 's face be reflect in a monitor show a frenzied crowd gaze up at the jumbotron -- sing along , many in tear , overcome with emotion -- hold cigarette lighter aloft . for a moment viktor be in awe of he own wizardry -- the grand illusionist . viktor be at the height of he power . viktor ( to the image of Simone on he screen ) I do not know about you , Simone , but I have never feel more alive . he snap back to reality just in time to notice that the Simone hologram beam have wander through she own microphone stand . viktor damn ! he adjust the beam -- the rapturous crowd , transfix by the tv screen , apparently fail to notice . int . stadium - crowd - night we focus on a face in the crowd -- max sayer . his journalistic assignment temporarily forget , Max be sing along and wave he arm , tear roll down he face , sweep up in the moment . int . stadium - concert stage - night simone finish she final number . simone good-night . never stop believe . ext . stadium - exit - night a bin contain dozen of confiscate camera and binocular . fan exit the stadium through a tunnel . s-i-m-o-n-e be spelt out on the bare chest of six teenage boy . other fan wear " simone - splendid isolation Tour " t-shirt and carry poster . several concert goer speak to a tv news crew . fan 1 -- I swear , she look right at I . fan 2 -- she be , like , ethereal . fan 3 -- one moment she seem to walk right through she mike stand like it be not even there . int . control truck - backstage - night the chant crowd can be hear exite . viktor , wear lipstick be hastily signing a pile of souvenir program with Simone 's signature kiss . he be interrupt by a knock at the door . viktor irritably open it . viktor I say I do not want to be interrupt -- ext . control truck - backstage - night elaine and lainey stand at the foot of the trailer , a security guard nearby . viktor ( face brighten ) my two favorite girl . elaine lainey and I just want to congratulate ... regard viktor closely , Elaine 's smile evaporate . elaine ... Simone . viktor she 's lie down . she 's exhaust . elaine ( suddenly cool ) I can imagine . viktor be confuse by they reaction . Elaine yank lainey away . elaine thank Simone for the ticket . lainey ( call back as she be lead away ) it be a great show , dad ... viktor wave disconcertedly . viktor where be you ... go ? as he return to the trailer , viktor catch sight of he lipstick - smear mouth in the mirror on the inside of the trailer door . he slam the side of the trailer in frustration . int . elaine's mansion - night elaine pace back and forth in front of she tv show be - run of the simone concert . kent can not take he eye off the screen . elaine I can not believe she 's do this -- take advantage of he this way . it 's cruel . kent why ? elaine obviously , this can not last . she 's go to dump he . viktor will not be able to take that . he 's too sensitive . it will destroy he . kent Elaine , do you realize you can not stop talk about viktor ? elaine ( not hearing ) I have to talk to she . Kent switch off the tv . kent I have be meaning to talk to you . behind the open door , we find lainey eavesdropp . ext . viktor' malibu house - beach - day viktor , deep in think , stand at the water 's edge , stare at the break wave . lainey join he . viktor hey , lainey . ( gently teasing she ) how 's you love life ? lainey I do okay . how about you ? viktor you know I -- marry to my work . lainey I notice . a awkward silence . lainey dad , you know I do not like to get between you and mom but she 's feel down right now . she break up with Kent . viktor ( buoy by the news ) really ? too bad . lainey she think you be with Simone . viktor lainey , you know Simone and I do not have a real relationship . lainey I know but Mom do not . maybe if it come from Simone , if Simone speak to Mom -- she could straighten thing out . ( shrug ) dinner , maybe . viktor dinner ? dinner 's difficult . a phone call ? lainey too impersonal . they have to meet face - to-face . viktor I will see what I can do . ( a think occur ) you know , lainey . I do not believe you have ever once ask to meet Simone . do not you like she ? lainey I love she but that do not mean I need to meet she . viktor be confuse . lainey why ? so I can tell my friend at school -- as if that validate my life somehow . what 's Simone go to say to a fourteen - year- old anyhow ? she 's go to be polite because you be my father but we be not suddenly go to become friend -- we have nothing in common . it 's not go to be real . anyhow , she get more beautiful in my head every day . why kill the dream ? what do they say , " do not get too close to you idol , they always disappoint you " . viktor gaze in wonder at he daughter , so much wiser than she year . viktor I love you , lainey . lainey I love you too , daddy . a car horn sound outside the house . lainey that 's mom. ( kissing he on the forehead ) see you . she exit , leave viktor deep in think . ext . los angele freeway - day milli vanilli 's " girl you know it's true " play on a car radio . elaine , wear a red power suit , drive home along the freeway in bumper - to- bumper traffic . her car phone ring . she turn down the radio and pick up . elaine hello ? simone hello , be this Elaine ? elaine yes -- oh my , God . be that you , Simone ?! I have be want to talk to you . simone well , here I am. ( beat ) you look pretty today . Red suit you . elaine ( look around the freeway ) where be you ? simone right beside you . I borrow viktor 's car . Elaine look to the inside lane . simone , wear sunglass , phone to she ear , drive alongside . Simone wave , somewhat mechanically . Elaine wave back . they keep drive as they talk . int . viktor be car - day the sunglass - clad simone be a mannequin , seat in the driver 's seat with she leave hand on the phone obscure she mouth , right hand attach to the steering wheel . seat fully - recline on the passenger side , viktor drive the car by stretch a foot across to the pedal and steering with one hand , occasionally sneaking a glance to the road ahead . he speak on a phone through the Simone synthesizer . simone / viktor I would love to stop somewhere but I be late . I be on my way to see viktor now . elaine no , I understand . that 's what I want to talk about . I do not know if you know this , Simone , but viktor and I be marry once . simone / viktor I can not imagine how you ever let a man like that go . I owe viktor everything . elaine I think he owe more to you . but that 's not important now . I know what 's go on between you two . simone / viktor I want to reassure you , Elaine , there 's absolutely nothing go on between viktor and I . elaine ( rueful smile ) you do not have to protect my feeling , Simone . I do not blame viktor for fall in love with the most desirable woman in the world . simone / viktor ( break character ) I be not -- ( correct himself ) he 's not . viktor , lose concentration on he drive , drift across he lane , almost strike Elaine 's car -- swerving back at the last second . elaine my God , be you alright , Simone ? simone / viktor damn -- ( struggle to stay in she / he lane ) yes -- I -- ( regain control ) -- I be just a little tired . listen , Elaine , viktor and I -- it 's strictly a work relationship . we could never be anything else . we be just so ... different . elaine exactly . you be a household name now . you be move in entirely different world . that 's why I hope you be not toy with viktor . simone / viktor it sound like you still have feeling for he . elaine we have a daughter together . I just do not want to see viktor get hurt . simone / viktor I do not know how many time I have to say this , Elaine , but viktor and I be not in love . ( joke weakly ) I only make love to the camera . elaine Simone , I recognize the shirt you be wear . I give it to viktor on he birthday . over -correct he steering , viktor drift into the next lane , dangerously close to a pick - up truck that have to swerve to avoid he . simone / viktor Christ -- ( still struggle to stay on the road ) Elaine , I know how it look but ... ( blurt it out ) ... it would mean a lot to viktor if you would go with he to the oscar . if you will not do it for he , please do it for I . elaine ( reluctant , frighten by Simone 's erratic drive ) okay -- for you . simone / viktor ( sigh of relief ) thanks . this be my exit so , I -- elaine I be glad we talk . simone / viktor good-bye . viktor 's car swerve to the right . Elaine look back in she rearview mirror , concerned . Elaine just miss the sight of viktor 's car rear-end the truck in front of he . ext . freeway shoulder - later in the day viktor anxiously watch a highway patrolman write up the fender - bender . however , the patrolman be more interested in the Simone mannequin . patrolman you do not have to explain . I know what the press be like . lunatics . out of control . ( refer to the Simone mannequin ) you do know I be go to have to take this ? int . academy award - auditorium - night viktor , in he tuxedo , sit in the front row of the pack auditorium beside a empty seat -- " reserve for simone " . elaine and lainey sit alongside -- lotus and mac nearby . hal stand at the transparent plastic podium with the " best actress " envelope . hal and the winner be ... hal tear the envelope 's seal , momentarily confuse as he read the name . hal actually , there 's a tie . the audience gasp . hal ( milk the moment for all it 's worth ) the winner be ... Simone for " sunrise , sunset " ... the audience cheer enthusiastically , but hal still they applause . hal ( big smile ) ... and Simone for " eternity forever " . the audience erupt . viktor accept the congratulation of that around he . hal unfortunately , Simone can not be with we tonight . ( turn to the screen ) but thanks to the miracle of modern technology she be able to join we live via satellite from the location of she new film . the screen flicker to life . on screen - a desolate wasteland - day simone sit in a director 's chair in the desolate wasteland location choose by viktor . simone thank you ! thank you ! this mean so much to I . I be just sorry I can not be there with you . ( wiping away a tear ) first off I have to acknowledge my fellow nominee -- I do not even feel I belong in the best actress category let alone with this ... wonderful human being . ( compose herself ) I also have to thank my co-star , the studio , of course . but most of all , I have to thank the audience for support what I do -- you be the only reason I be here . the crowd applaud wildly . lainey be puzzle . she lean over to viktor . lainey why do not she thank you ? viktor ( confuse ) she do ... do not she ? elaine ( crestfallen ) no. viktor glance to the " Simone " sign beside he . the blood drain from he face . int . viktor' soundstage - morning on the monitor , simone read the forget line from the speech . simone ... and of course I must thank my collaborator , viktor taransky , without whom none of this would be possible . viktor , still in he tuxedo , stare at simone on the screen . he hold the text of Simone 's acceptance speech in he hand . viktor ( to himself ) it 's write right there ... why do not I say it ?... how could I forget to say it ? Simone stare back at he blankly . a copy of variety be sly under the soundstage door . the front page headline , " no thank you - Simone snub taransky at oscar " . int . viktor be car - night viktor pull up to the gate of he malibu home . max be stand outside next to he car . viktor damn it ! ext . viktor' malibu home - night viktor also spy a old woman in a wheelchair sit beside the car , milton closeby . viktor stop at the gate and reluctantly exit he car . viktor what now , sayer ? max ( smug smile , notice viktor notice the woman ) look familiar , do not she ? no one come from nowhere , taransky . you turn over enough rock ... the old woman appear drugge , stare into space . max I trace she to a nursing home . a young woman fitting Simone 's description drop she off five year ago . viktor she look a lot like you . max ( undeterred ) she have not uttere a word that whole time -- until she see the big show . Max produce a shot of simone at the oscar and hold it in front of the old lady . old lady ( point to Simone 's picture , catatonic ) my baby ... my baby ... max ( put he hand on he heart ) who would think that " Saint Simone " would abandon she own mother ? I have be look into the family history -- heartbreaking . most likely a biography to run over four issue ... who know , maybe there 's a pulitzer in there somewhere . viktor produce he own driver 's license and hold it in front of the old lady . old lady ( point to viktor 's face on the driver 's license ) my baby ... my baby ... Max hastily step between viktor and the Old Lady . max that do not prove a thing -- wait until I get a court order for a blood test . viktor ( sense a opportunity ) that will not be necessary . ( pretend to be resign ) sooner or later I know you would crack this thing , Max . you get I . max I do ? ( recover ) sure I do. ( take viktor aside ) can we speak off the record ? I be a fair man . I be willing to sit down with she and tell she side of the story . viktor I would not want you to compromise you ethic . max no. thanks . absolutely . viktor regards the newshound with a look of pity . viktor you love she , do not you , Max ? max do not you ? viktor ( write a check , hand it to Max ) this should take care of mother . viktor drive into he home . Max , very confuse , stare at the old lady . ext . viktor' soundstage - day viktor escort lainey , blindfolded , around the corner of he soundstage . he remove the blindfold . from lainey 's point - of -view we see the sportscar Simone drive in " eternity forever " -- the car tie with a bow . viktor happy birthday , lainey . do you like it ? lainey ( take in the car ) it 's fantastic -- it 's too much . viktor it 's the car she drive in " eternity forever " . lainey I know . thank she for I . viktor ( disappointed by she reaction ) it 's from both of we . of course you will have to drive it around the lot until you get you permit -- lainey avert she gaze . lainey -- I can not accept it . I do not want a car , dad . viktor ( clearly hurt , not understanding ) why not ? I can get you something else . what do you want ? lainey the old viktor taransky . ( finally blurt it out ) I like you better before -- before all this . you be a loser , dad , but at least you have integrity . I can not stand to see you like this -- cling to Simone 's coattail -- it use to be about the work , and now it 's all about she . and then she 's not even grateful enough to thank you . viktor no , that be I . lainey there you go again , blame yourself . can not you see what she 's do to you -- she 's take advantage , mock you . you deserve better than simone. ( hasty exit ) I have get to go , dad . viktor lainey ... viktor watch lainey depart towards the studio gate . int . simone &amp ; viktor' office - day viktor lean on he desk , still reflect on lainey 's remark . jane enter . jane ready for you casting session ? viktor nod distractedly . Jane show in nicola ander . jane nicola 's here for the role of Simone 's sister . viktor offer nicola a seat , stare at she as if he have never truly look at she before -- she have a quality of Simone . nicola ( slightly uncomfortable by viktor 's scrutiny ) a lot 's happen since we last see each other . viktor ( numb ) yes . nicola I never apologize properly for what happen on " sunrise " . she hand viktor a peace offer -- a large jar of Mike &amp ; ike candy , include cherry . viktor thank you . it 's not important . nicola after I see what Simone do with the role -- you know I fire all my people , go into rehab , take act class , change my whole look . she really inspire I . viktor continue to stare . nicola ( refer to the script in she hand ) would you like I to read ? viktor yes , I would like that . nicola glance at the script a last time and put it down . she approach viktor , stand close to he , play the scene to he -- a immediate intimacy . nicola ( she angry word be in opposition to she amorous action ) -- who do you think you be , carlos -- come in here like this ? with my husband sleep in the next room . do you think I will not call out ? do you think I will just give in to you without a fight -- like the last time and the time before that ? ( she kiss he ear ) I wish you be dead . ( she kiss he lip ) I wish we be both dead . nicola immediately break character . viktor be mesmerize -- he have fall back in love with flesh . viktor ( finally able to speak ) you know you be really very good . I take back what I say . I mean , you be really good . nicola thank you . viktor ( forget himself ) you could play the lead . nicola ( confuse ) but that 's Simone 's part . viktor yes , of course it be . ( gaze at she face ) you know you have a line here . not a wrinkle . actually , more of a dimple . I have be think of incorporate something like that in Simone . nicola ( incredulous ) you would cosmetically alter Simone to look like I ? viktor no , of course not , you be right . that would be crazy . viktor sit back down and stare out of the window . nicola do you want I to do it again ? viktor do not reply . nicola quietly leave . int . elaine's mansion - day the front page of " variety " be dominate by a large photograph of simone give she acceptance speech via satellite . however , elaine be gaze at a small inset picture of viktor , herself and lainey arrive at the oscar ceremony . Elaine tear out the photo and slip it into she purse . ext . swimming pool - day ( on viktor' screen ) Old home video of elaine . she be in a garden by a swim pool , laugh , wave and sweetly flirt with the camera . Elaine raise she skirt teasingly , wink , gesture the camera operator towards she with a beckone finger , finally blow a kiss to the camera . int . viktor' soundstage - day while the ever-seductive simone wait patiently on -screen for viktor 's instruction , viktor be gaze at the smaller monitor -- the home video of elaine . viktor freeze the tape . Elaine appear particularly beautiful . viktor electronically cut out Elaine 's mannerism and morph it into Simone . now Simone blow the kiss and have the same dazzle smile . int . simone &amp ; viktor' office - day at she desk , jane be busy try to mimic Simone 's hairstyle as she talk on the phone . jane ( into phone ) -- oh sure , she come in all the time ... we have become close . she tell I -- viktor enter the office . viktor Jane -- Jane hurriedly hang up . jane gotta go . viktor ( pick up a pile of script from the in - tray ) I be leave early tonight . if you need I I will be at the beach house have dinner with a... certain someone . Jane try to conceal she interest . as soon as viktor exit the office , jane pick up the phone . jane ( into phone , under she breath ) ... Elaine Christian please . we reveal viktor , outside the door , eavesdropp on he assistant , pleased she have take the bait . int . viktor' beach house - night viktor dim the light , play " mood " music . the doorbell ring . he check himself in the mirror . in the reflection , he spy a autograph photo of himself with he arm around simone . he hurriedly hide the photo and answer the door . elaine stand there . elaine viktor , I be pick up lainey . Elaine be over - dress for she suppose errand . viktor Elaine , it 's Wednesday . elaine ( feign absent mindedness ) be it Wednesday ? it 's Wednesday . how embarrassing . I do not know what I be think . with all the excitement lately ... ( peer past he ) be I interrupt something ? be you expect company ? viktor ( ushere she inside ) as a matter - of - fact I be . elaine when be she come over ? viktor ( glance to he watch ) about now . would you like a drink ? elaine I suppose I could stay , just until she arrive . Elaine take a seat on the sofa . viktor hand she a glass of wine and sit beside she -- close . they both knock back they wine in one long gulp , both apparently in need of courage . elaine ( try to make conversation ) be Simone back to earth yet ? viktor not quite . elaine I be sure you will keep she focuss . she 's lucky to have you , viktor . ( blurt out ) be she really have you baby ? viktor impossible . elaine ( instantly regret the remark ) I just read somewhere -- viktor I know . I know . they will say anything . elaine -- and she be positively glow at the award . ( make to leave ) I should be go , she will be here soon -- viktor put he finger to she lip to hush she . viktor -- she already be . Simone 's not come over , Elaine . not tonight , not ever . ( hold she ) I want you back , Elaine . elaine ( melting ) I want you back too , viktor . they kiss . Elaine break the kiss , suddenly consume with doubt . elaine this be crazy . who be I fool ? I can not compete with Simone . what woman can ? viktor I would rather have you than Simone . believe I . elaine that 's sweet , viktor , but I could not let you do that -- make that kind of sacrifice . ( meeting he gaze ) it 's strange . I have stab people in the back , claw and sleep my way to where I be -- it go with the territory -- but , for some reason , I can not betray Simone . there 's ... I do not know any other way to say it -- there 's a goodness to she . viktor no , there be not . there 's nothing to she . elaine oh , viktor . you say that now -- because we be here , alone , like this . but in the morning , you would go back to she . what man would not ? viktor no , I will end my relationship with she -- totally . elaine but you do not understand . she will always be there -- at some party , on some magazine cover , some song on the radio , up on some screen . viktor ( desperate ) no . she will never work again -- retire , never make a movie or a record , or appear ever again . elaine ( confuse ) of course she will . her public will demand it . viktor not if I do not let she . elaine you ? viktor knock back another glass of wine for courage . viktor I be go to tell you a secret now , Elaine . ( muster all he nerve ) Simone be not a real person . I invent she . elaine ( misinterprete he remark ) every actor be a invention , viktor . do not embarrass yourself . no one 's deny that you discover Simone . but it 's like find a diamond in the desert . anyone can trip over it , but it 's not the finder who sparkles . viktor ( agitate ) -- no , no , I do not trip over she . you do not understand -- elaine ( ignore he ) -- you just get lucky that she 's loyal enough to stay with you . maybe she 's stay out of pity , who know ? she certainly do not need you . some people even say you be hold she back . viktor ( wounded ) who say that -- ? ( shaking off the insult ) -- never mind . you have to listen to I , Elaine . Simone be thin air , pixel , mold by I from a mathematical equation . I inherite it from a madman -- I can show you -- elaine how much wine have you have ? viktor -- she 's a figment of my own imagination . I , viktor taransky , have perpetrate the great hoax , the great sleight - of - hand , sleight - of - mouth , sleight - of - sleight in entertainment history ! and still no one appreciate I , recognize what I have do -- even you . elaine ( roll she eye ) you be drunker than I think . be you do that again ? viktor no ! whatever talent Simone have come from I -- I ! I ! I swear , as God be my judge . you do not know what I have be through . ten of thousand of mind - numb hour in front of that screen , night without end , and look what it 's cost I . ( produce he spectacle ) why do you think I have be wear this ? I may have do irreparable harm to my eyesight , and why ? to extract and refine the infinite nuance of a human be -- a human soul . ( a final explanation ) do not you see ? I make Simone ! a pause . his word hang in the air . elaine you make Simone ? ( a trace of pity ) viktor , she make you . Elaine get up and walk out , leave the distraught viktor alone in he house . int . viktor' office - day a hung-over viktor enter he office . suddenly , he stop and confront the standee of simone . viktor you bitch ! I will destroy you ! jane stare in shock . she discreetly exit . int . viktor' soundstage - day viktor sit in front of he monitor , smile venomously at simone . he begin to digitally disrobe Simone . montage : a ) peer through a gap in the drape of he malibu house , viktor watch max dig through he trash . Max find a beat up reel of 16 mm film . max hold the end up to the light -- he eye pop . B ) the echo headline scream , " simone's hard core past " and show censor film frame of a naked Simone in a compromise position . viktor , hover at a supermarket check - out line , overhear two women discuss the article . woman 1 disgusting ... woman 2 ( sympathetic ) she must have be so desperate to do something like that , so deprave . woman 1 I be still name my baby after she . woman 2 you be have a boy . woman 1 so ? viktor blanch . it be not the reaction he would hope for . C ) Inside a theater , viktor hover by the door , smirk . on screen , we hear a farmyard scene -- simone in a empty farmyard on all four , grunt like a pig , and forage for muddy vegetable . the audience be shocked , then suddenly break into spontaneous applause . viktor , enraged , exit into the lobby past the poster for " I am pig - star Simone " . D ) a pretentious film critic talk to camera , a film poster behind he . film critic for Simone to do something as brave as " I am pig " at this point in she career , with so much to lose -- all I can say be , " I be pig , I be oscar " . E ) in he soundstage , viktor move a slider that add wrinkle to Simone . F ) simone appear on a morning talk show -- as usual , remote on a tv screen . however , she squeaky - clean image have go -- hair unkempt , bloat , chain -smoke and drink during the interview . the host be smile weakly . host Simone , that 's a rather controversial position . simone I just think all elementary school should have a fire range -- so student can learn how to defend themselves . we could fit it inbetween recess and american History . another clip : simone if there 's a hole in the ozone layer why can not I see it ? another clip : simone Immigration ?! God , be not it crowded enough ?! host just as we always know . Simone 's not like other celebrity . she speak she mind ! G ) viktor drive along a city street , suddenly slam on he brake , almost cause a accident . he stare numbly up at a twenty - foot high smile photo of Simone on a billboard feature a huge cover of time magazine . it read , " simone : woman of the year " . viktor ( to himself ) she 's try to kill I . realizing what he 's say , a think come into he eye . ext . cemetery - day a inscription on a headstone read : hank aleno remember virtually forever viktor kneel at hank 's grave . he place a bunch of flower there . viktor ( refer to the flower ) they be plastic , hank . I know that 's the way you would want it . ( glance to a Simone billboard outside the cemetery wall ) she kill you , hank . now she 's kill I . she 's a serial killer . ( ducking out of sight of the billboard as if Simone be watch he ) but I do not know how to stop she . she 's take on a life of she own . I can not just come clean -- make some confession . I have defraud million -- they would turn on I . and I can not put the genie back in the bottle . if she stop work -- drop out of sight , they would never let it rest . I have try to kill she career but they like she even more . ( more desperate ) what be I go to do , hank ? a think occur to viktor . he slowly rise from behind hank 's headstone , revealing a forest of headstone . viktor do not say another word , hank . you be truly a genius . int . viktor' soundstage - dusk a sad but resolute viktor sit in front of he monitor , simone 's face full screen . he speak into the voice synthesizer , Simone 's face automatically speak the word he speak -- the final time he put he word in she mouth . simone / viktor what 's the matter , viktor ? you look so sad . do not you love I anymore ?... it 's over , be not it ? he switch off the synthesizer and speak in he own voice . viktor it 's the only way , Simone . if it 's any consolation , you be go to live on in the public 's heart like all the other tragic figure that go before they time . there 's no love like posthumous love . on the screen , Simone be on the verge of tear . viktor I know what you be think . it 's a phoney - baloney world . the woman be surgically enhance , the athlete be on steroid , the singer be lip-synce if they be even sing at all , the news be entertainment , the politician be buy and pay for -- we be live one big lie . so why should not you live too ? you be more authentic than the people who adore you . ( a trace of despair ) and that 's the problem . you be look at the real fraud . I tell myself this be all about the work but if that be the truth , it would not matter to I -- and it do . it be not that the artist have no respect for the art . they have no respect for I . someone like you , you have so much love shower on you -- I just want to feel one tiny drop on my face . I be sorry , Simone . here I have be try to convince the world that you exist , but I be really try to convince they that I exist . it 's not that you be not human , Simone , it 's that I be . viktor produce a disc from he jacket mark , " plague - ver. 8.1 " . he place the disc in the machine . viktor see that Simone be cry . he touch a tear on he own face and realize she tear be in response to he own . viktor hesitates -- a moment of doubt -- then press " enter " . the image of simone 's face gradually begin to deconstruct -- pixel by pixel -- as the virus take hold . the pixel collect into a pile at the bottom of he screen like dust . finally , the dust be blow away in a single digital breath . for a moment he attention be take with a layer of dust on he own desk . viktor regards he own reflection in the now black screen . his hard - drive now corrupt , he pick up he original disc mark , " simulation one " . he toss this disc into a steamer trunk he have load with hundred of disc relate to Simone 's software . he shut the lid and begin drag the trunk towards the door . ext . santa monica BAY - dusk viktor 's yacht sit at anchor in the glassy water of Santa monica Bay -- " simone " write on the stern . viktor manhandle the trunk to the railing . a mournful pause -- then he heave it over the side . the trunk sink like a stone . heart heavy , viktor stare into the inky depth . ext . studio - entrance - day a throng of reporter and camera crews . a somber viktor enter and take a seat in front of a forest of microphone . viktor it be my sad and solemn duty to announce the tragic pass of Simone . a gasp from the audience . then , a explosion of anguish . crowd no !! what happen ?! oh. god. PRESS reporter 1 ( step forward , muster the courage to ask the question ) how do she die ? viktor a rare virus . ( pretend to compose himself ) on she goodwill tour of the third world . PRESS reporter 2 do she suffer ? viktor mercifully , it be quick . at the back of the room be max sayer and milton . they be freeze in grief , a tear spill from Max 's eye . a montage of scene : a ) " simon gone - fade to black " , read the cover of variety . B ) the announcement of she death appear on local tv news show around the globe . C ) a carpet of bouquet and note of commiseration several yard wide completely surround viktor 's property include the driveway . viktor insensitively drive over the bouquet to the horror of the mourner , include max sayer and milton . D ) in a remote mongolian encampment mongol horsemen crowd around a television show a live picture of Simone 's funeral . E ) the hearse carry Simone 's " body " and the funeral procession lead solemnly by viktor , proceed through the studio lot . distraught studio staff toss flower onto the hearse . F ) the same television picture be play on a television sit on a stool in a west african river . local women stop wash they clothes to watch . ext . graveside - cemetery - day we tilt up from hank 's headstone to a ornate mausoleum on a island in a lake . Simone 's coffin be ferried across a bridge by pallbearer from the studio . numerous mourner follow behind . viktor , elaine and a curiously dry -ey lainey walk behind the coffin . viktor ( to Elaine ) can I see you later -- go away for the weekend ? elaine ( horrify by the suggestion ) how can you bring that up at a time like this ? the coffin reach the step of the marble mausoleum . a priest , rabbi , and a buddhist monk turn to viktor . he nod and they start to carry the coffin towards the door . however , the coffin be suddenly stop by a police officer . a second police officer begin to jimmy open the lid . the coffin lid be pull back . Inside be a life-size cardboard standee of Simone from " eternity forever " . the mourner gasp . everyone look to viktor . int . L.A. county jail - interview room - day a series of police interview : jane sit in the interview room , describe viktor 's assault on the standee . jane -- I hear he say , " die bitch " . a ) max sayer , distraught and weep . max -- he be a control madman , she be a prisoner . I blame myself ... I should have do more to stop it ... B ) nicola give a statement . nicola -- it be strange . he want to replace she with I in he new movie ... and I know I be not that good . int . L.A. county jail - interrogation room - day viktor sit in a interrogation room in a sea of simone . Magazine cover , cosmetics advertisement , publicity shot , interview , website print-out , photograph and report card from she fictitious childhood be plaster on the wall , stack of film can and tape of she numerous movie and television appearance . detective -- forgive I , Mr. taransky . I be just try to understand . all this film , tv appearance , magazine cover , internet interview , publicity photo , snapshot from she childhood -- all fake . ( refer to various item ) this be fake , this be fake -- fake , fake , fake , all fake . viktor that 's right . you understand perfectly . I will confess to fraud , not murder . detective ( refer to oversize mail bag ) a fan club with a worldwide membership in the million -- also bogus ? viktor oh , no . the fan club be real . but they be worshipp computer code -- one and zero . detective so , of course , you could not kill Simone because there never be a Simone . viktor of course . detective and this Mr. hank aleno who you talk so much about , a renowned failure , who also happen to be so conveniently dead -- perhaps the " man " you claim help invent Simone be a invention himself ? viktor , sense he sarcasm , do not reply . detective ( patronize smile ) but not everyone 's imaginary , be they , Mr. taransky ? I refer , of course , to edith . viktor who ? the detective raise a window - blind to reveal a next door room where the old woman from the rest home be be interview . detective the woman you admit to a journalist be Simone 's mother and for whose silence you pay a fortune ? be she not flesh to you -- be she tear not wet ? the old woman glance up and see all the photo of Simone through the window . old lady my baby ! the detective abruptly lower the blind . viktor roll he eye at the detective 's theatrics . he be suddenly enraged . viktor she 's insane ! this whole thing be insane ! there be no Simone . look ! ( grab a Simone poster ) even she name be fake . it 's not Simone . ( he tear Simone 's name in half to demonstrate ) it 's SIM ... one ! simulation one ! the detective sadly shake they head . detective 2 ( regard Simone 's face also tear in half ) you really hate she , do not you ? the detective place a tape , mark " exhibit a " in a video machine . detective perhaps you could explain this to I , Mr. taransky -- or be this tape " doctore " too ? he play a tape show -- ext . marina pier - night ( on tv screen ) viktor drag he trunk from he car down the pier to he yacht . detective it 's footage from the marina 's close - circuit camera on the night in question . altere , of course . be that really what you expect we to believe , Mr. taransky ? the detective freeze the tape . detective can you tell we why you be dispose of the body of a woman who do not exist ? viktor it be not she body . it be she body of work . detective why do not you just come clean , viktor ? tell the truth . you will feel better afterwards . viktor I be tell the truth . detective ( come close to he ) we all know what happen . in a fit of jealous rage you kill Simone and dumped she body off a boat she buy for you . viktor no !! I can prove it to you . I will take you to she . ext . boat - santa monica BAY - day viktor sit handcuff on a police boat with the detective and he lawyer . diver surface with the steamer trunk . viktor 's face light up . the trunk be winched aboard . however , as it lower onto the deck , we see the latch have break and the lid be ajar . all eye stare inside the trunk as the lid be lift . apart from a scrawny piece of kelp -- empty . viktor ( panicky , desperately grab the diver ) do you find anything else -- driver , disc ... disc -drive ? diver 1 nothing . ( gaze to the water ) we could not stay down any longer . all eye follow the diver 's gaze to several shark fin in the water . close up on front page of L.A. time : " simone " S body fear eaten by shark " the newspaper be be read by viktor 's lawyer , sit opposite viktor in he cell . viktor be numb -- the likelihood of conviction slowly dawn on he . lawyer -- plead guilty and throw yourself on the mercy of the court . it 's the best deal you be go to get . viktor ( incredulous ) I could get the death penalty . lawyer you certainly will if you go to trial -- a jury in this kind of ugly mood . you have kill a icon , for God 's sake . viktor I do not kill anyone , Bernard , there be no one to kill ! lawyer ( muse ) a insanity defence . int . viktor' soundstage - night a figure sit at viktor 's computer . lainey . she scroll through viktor 's file . all empty . lainey sigh . elaine pace behind she . elaine let 's go , lainey . there 's nothing here . lainey just a minute . Elaine continue to pace as lainey work . elaine God , it 's so like you father . why can not people take responsibility for they action anymore ? I can almost forgive he for kill Simone -- but deny she existence . I can never forgive that . lainey because obviously she exist , right ? elaine I know it as surely as you be sit here , sweetheart . she be the most vital woman I ever meet . lainey so you do meet she ? elaine of course . what be you suggest ? lainey I mean really meet she -- in the flesh . Elaine regards she daughter curiously . lainey I know it 's embarrassing to admit it , mom , but when I think about it -- honestly , I have not . I mean , it feel like I have . I know more about she than member of my own family . she 's even in my dream . but I realize , go back through my diary , they be all tv appearance , near miss at party , second - hand rumor , gossip on the internet . I have never actually see Simone up close , touch she , be in she physical presence . have you ? elaine ( unable to refute it ) well , I -- lainey -- we do not believe daddy because we do not want to believe we be take in too . elaine ( try to shake the notion from she head ) lainey , there 's no evidence that Simone be not real . lainey listen to what you be say , mom . be there any evidence she be ? lainey finally try another file . she press " eject " . the " plague " disc spit out of the machine . lainey ( regard the disc ) there 's one part of dad 's story that may have be true . Simone may have contract a virus . lainey smile at she mother . lainey certain viruse can be cure . int . L.A. county jail - police cell - day viktor sit in he cell , arm cross , quietly seethe , while he lawyer lay out he trial strategy . lawyer ( hushed tone , refer to a thick psychiatric report ) ... listen , I have find a psychiatrist in ventura -- well respected -- who 's willing to testify under oath that you have diminish capacity due to the trauma of you divorce , ten year of abject failure in the movie business and a bump on the head you sustained as a child -- viktor , fume throughout this , suddenly explode . viktor -- no ! I can not go along with this horseshit ! just tell they they can fry I ! lawyer ( aghast , look around to see if anyone have hear ) what ?! viktor it be premeditate -- I know exactly what I be do ! I strangle she ! I bludgeon she ! I set she on fire ! I do it ! I kill she ! detective ( o.s. ) ( clear he throat ) Excuse I . the lawyer spin around guiltily . the detective stand outside the cell , clearly overhear the confession . viktor , resign to he fate , could not care less . detective I think you would better see this . the detective switch on the tv set hang outside the cell . vbc be play -- " breaking news " -- int . television studio - " vbc " - day ( on tv screen ) a news anchor appear . vbc anchor ( from tv ) -- break news -- international media star , Simone , be alive and well . her studio release this footage only minute ago ... ext . studio lot - day ( on tv screen ) the brief clip show the front page of the L.A. Times -- headline : " hollywood suspend filming in memory of simone " and " d.a. seek death penalty for taransky " . the reader lower the newspaper to reveal herself -- simone , on the studio lot , look more beautiful than ever . she wink to the camera . vbc anchor ... Simone read today 's edition of the L.A. Times . who say , " the only bad publicity be you obituary " ? detail at the top of the hour . the tv be switch off . viktor stare at the screen , try to take it in . viktor you be indestructible . when he look back to the detective , he discover he hold the cell door open . detective ( shaking he head in pity ) I will never get you Hollywood people . ext . L.A. county jail - day a throng of reporter , paparazzi and onlooker part like a sea for viktor , release from custody . one placard read , " ask jesus to save you now " . he be escort to a wait limousine where he be meet by elaine and lainey . he hug they both . int . limousine - day viktor sit beside elaine . lainey sit opposite , study she laptop computer . outside the car , reporter be press against the glass . viktor ( relax back into he seat ) thank you ! ( to lainey ) I do not know how you do it but thank you . elaine ( put she arm around he ) do not thank we too fast , viktor . you know what we have to do ? viktor ( resign smile ) why stop at one character when you can have a whole cast ? elaine exactly . now that you have the studio behind you , we can really do thing . viktor shrug resignedly , savore he freedom . elaine ( hold viktor close ) I be think -- what about you and ... " Simone " move back in with I and lainey ? viktor ( meeting she gaze ) that sound wonderful . ( to lainey ) how do you feel about all this , lainey ? lainey ( beam ) about you and mom ? viktor ( reluctant admission ) I and Simone . what I do . lainey ( sweet smile ) you mistake be not make something fake , daddy . we be fine with fake -- as long as you do not lie about it . once again he daughter 's word have a ghastly ring of truth . viktor stare out of the limo window as the car gradually force its way through the reporter . he recognize max and milton amongst the mob . Max have hastily scribble a note that he press against the window -- " will pay $ for exclusive " . viktor look away . elaine ( kissing he on the cheek ) do not look so glum , viktor . it 's not a death sentence . viktor ( still stare out of the window , a rueful smile ) no ... it 's life . int . frank brand tv studio - day frank brand conduct a remote interview with simone who appear as usual on a television monitor . frank brand -- Simone , the question on everyone 's mind be simply ... " why ? " simone Frank , you know as well as I do , live in a fish bowl , the insatiable appetite of the media ... Frank nod sympathetically . simone with everything that be go on in my life , I just need to drop out of sight for a while -- I need time . viktor buy I that time . I owe he so much . frank brand we all do . ( quickly return to Simone ) but now I understand you be eager to get back to work -- and not the kind of work that we be all expect . simone ( smile coyly ) that 's true . I can reveal that I be consider a career in politics . frank brand and what may I ask bring this on ? simone hold up a beautiful baby boy to camera . simone I suppose this little man have something to do with it . viktor and I be both concerned about what kind of world we new son , chip , be go to grow up in . ( turn lovingly to viktor ) be not you , viktor ? on Frank brand 's monitor , the camera pull back to reveal viktor , sit on a sofa -- a idyllic domestic scene . viktor ( turn lovingly to Simone ) yes . int . soundstage - day only we see the set where the interview be be record . viktor be sit on a sofa against a green screen in he soundstage , smile at a woman and child who be not there -- he be alone . CUT to black int . concert stadium - night during the close credit simone perform another song from her concert tour -- " ( you make I feel like ) a natural woman " .