script no 768 pare , October 2941 . saboleuje . [ Potter no snc enn no eee the | received from david o , selznick production , inc . scripe no 768 pate , . cetober 30 , 1941 untitled original " mtrre hitchcock and Peter viertel Joan Harrison - screen play and Joan by ~ '' — " " Harrison received by pade in : ~ closn shot of oar door - even it ns and a anonynous airplane worker rat of Te in tan work clothes , with a round badge pi on he shirt . hs be carry a dimer va 5 he as he get out of he car ond move past it .- semi -iong shot - section ob a huge parking lov - evening we soo we worker as he jojnus. other who be nove through the tichtly packsd lot . tout shot - looking down on tal huge parekieg lot - eveuing thousands of tichtly pack c twilicht shine on they 's voof ; the soft blue California 7 peflect a thousand time . we see hundred of worker as thoy swarm toward a la group of building in the distance - / a factory . as wa gaze at it lyin : iacofully under evening sky , though light of tha factory be suadony turn on . 3 stand together . the lap dissolve to : semi - long sov - '' rming the various worker crossing the road from parking lot toward the gate of the factory . semi - loug shoy - a nearer view of a individuat , casE show the check in of the worker , nis ritual of identification , ete . long shot - the steady stream of worker as it blossom out inside the factory towards the various shop and hangar . interior atroraft factory - zyening we now get a view of though inside of one of the hirso shop . '' the place be permeate with a eerica blue light - the strong lamp that be place everyrhere in the shop . large nurber of plane in various stare of construction be see in the distance . continued : z. '' 8. > of 7 9 . '' oe ~ continued ( 2 ) in the foreground the worker be move toward the outiding , four or five abraast . they seem to be march down one of the central corridor . gccsuton - ally one or two step out of line and move to a machine , but the general stroam of man surge on : semi-closeup we pick out two worker as thoy march along . they be young man in they early twenty : Barry Ford and Kenneth mason . Berry be a attractive , clean - cut young man , with a irrepressible smile that always scon - to be either come or go to and from he face . hz have he attention fix on somothing ahead . semi - long shot - from barry viewpoint we sss a voluptuous blonde girl worker as she straighten and stand by the fuselage she be work win . her right hand , in which she hold a screw driver , move up to brush a wisp of blonde hair out of she eye . . semi -clossup - barry and ken Barry onudge kon and indicate the girl as he say : ) wish I would take up fuselage work . mneth yeah -- I get what you mean . fut I go more for the light attack bomber typo -- Barry you be crazy -~ take another look and you will be on my side . they sre sweep on by the linc of march mon , past _ the girl . Ken continue to look back , craning he neck to get a better view of she . Kenneth maybe you 'ro right . he stop out of line and even daro wave . he walk backwards , still wave . at this moment he stumble over a protrude work bonch , cause the man directly behind he to stumble ani fall '' algo . as both man struggle to they foot , th camera remains or tre ground for a moment to show that a vallet have fall from the neweomer 'a pocket , and its content be scattered on the ground under the milling fest of the march worker . out of the wallot have spill a couple of envelope and some dollar bill . il semi closh -ur as Parry complete he job of hoip both man to thelr Poet , he saya to Ken : Barry bottleneck . Knudsen will hear of this . konneth save it . . ( then to the tian whom ho have cause to fall ) '' itm sorry ...> : Barry yeah , this kind of thing happen overy day . we will help you pick up though thing . '' . the camera pan do 'n as he and the other start to pick up the content of the wallot , as the foot of though worker continue to march by . Barry grab most of the content , include the two envelope which as thoy come wearer the cansra , give we a impression of a name and address writton in rathor bold handwrite . > camera pan up with Barry as he pass the content to the other man . Barry é my friend always fall when he soe a blonde . '' Ken intorject : kon I hope you do not hurt yourself . > man ( hastily ) not at all -- I be all right . hurriedly he stuff the content back into the wallet and start to move away . Berry and Ken move on . suddenly , Barry look down and wnder one of the bench > see another note . the camera goe down with he to pick it ud as he straishten , he hold up the bill but find the owner have disappear . Barry ask : '' Barry where do ho go ? xen it do n'!t know . '' oo Barry @ look at thist Ken whistle in surprise . > no continued : mge il . 12 . 13 . continued ( 2 ) fen a hundred buck ! lap dissolve vo semi long shot ~ interior section 08 kactory Ken and Barry be work over a circular airnicn engine , add part . Barry have a mouthful of small scrow that he be fitting into a cylinder head . Ken stop work for a moment , Ken today you be the richest worker in the joint . Barry ( as he spit the sevow into he hand ) t!ll have to get hold of that suy -- maybe at dinner . Ken ( sarcastically ) that ought to be sasr . ' there ave only four thousand worker in the joint . . Barry not with oa hundred buck on he . but I guess we can turn it in to though mein offica , kon do you now he name ? bapry sure ido . I see it on one of the cnvelopas ... he name 'tat fry . Ken ( grin ) that 's the way to go ~= youtve get erccutive talent . Barry that 's why thoy have get I do this kind of work . lap dissolve : wg shot - pactory interior it be the samo section that tre have soen before , ax - cept that it be later now . ' the vork be go along smoothly , anfl outside it hes frown complately dart . thore be the constant hum of machinory and wa can sea hundred of man move around busily , suddenly there be the sound of a boll that ring throushout though whola shed . Men turn instinctively to look at thea clock and then we seo they as thoy loavo thoir work and bogin to march out of the building . continued : 15 . l7. 18. all that ocoton around . a continuad ( 2 ) they move quite quickly , as they havo only three - quarter of a hour for dimmer , and socn the huss shed be ompty . it stand now in co only the penetrate stapmant machinery . lete stillness , nothing move ; - ights shine dowm on the - lap dissolve to : semi chose - uf om a blanc sale it be the stain wall of the paint shop . from the bottor : copner of the picbure will coe a wisp of sinolko as ib bas to curl , slowly at first , then with moro as volumo , . soon io dw a full cloud of smoke , make its way ceross the seroon , long S factory building outside the largh we saa a crord of across t rd though shout fvom though vari siren filis the air . irl as they run there ave excited the SOUND of ' tite semt loeg shot of a amowtyhous worker as ho stop suddenly and look hack toward the shon . long shot - tha paint shop section - see from outside smolze and v0 berinn to igsus through the small window tilation } chios semi long shot ci the anonticug worker he be vory excited . Tho that place vker fo up lite a ton of dynamito -- with 19 . 20 . ei. semi long shot of tum coucrete square with the smoking paint shop in the distance . worker be run in all divoction . anong thei we pick up Barry and Ken . they ave ran toward tac burn building . semi long shot - barry run . he notice that the run beside he be the same fellow whose wallet he pick up ¢arlior . , he stop , put he hand on the other fellow 's arin . Barry hey , fry -- I be look for you -- here 's the rest of you stuff . Ho hend fry the money . fry shove it into he pocket . fry ( rather angrily ) how would you imow my name ? * bavry . I see it on one of though onvalope when you take that fall back there , fe pry well , thanks ... fry move past Barry and Ken toward though burn buildine . , whey follow he off scene . as thoy go , will hear snothor worker shout : another worler hey , you guy ! - I guess the sprinklor be not work -- the whole place !li. go up ! . semi lowg shot - corridor - tntnrtor factory it be the corridor lead toward the paint shop . it be beginning to fill with smoko . Parry and Ken come into the shot and stop a instant and turn back . Ken the extinguishers ! where be they ? at thin moment emnother want have come into the shot , carry a oxtinguisner . it be fry . ee stop short when he seo Barry and Ken , and turn toward Barry hond he the fire oxtinguishor . ry 9 here - take this to . continued : continued ( 2 ) Barry start toward though fire , oxtinguishor in hand . Ken be right beside he . fry have move out of ths shot . Ken how about I ? dontt I get to play too ? . Barry okay - take this one . you be though horo . Ken take the oxtinguisher and move toward though firo . the camera follows he in es ho got closer and closor | to the flame . he turn the neszle of the , extinguishor toward the flame . he begin to pump . as the contont of the extinguisher gush out , the fire gain violent lifo . wease kon from in back as tha roar of the flame in - erecs and the flame spring higher and become more violont , swocp forward iprosistibly to engulf kenncth 's advance figure . ue throw up he arm , drop the extinguisher . in a instant he be a pillar of firo ... fade out . fade Il : medium shot - titertor - a ovpicr on th factory grouid through ea window we can soe that the fire be still raging and have become a great conflagration . firomon be cvorywhero at work on it . Inside the offico be a number of company official , two or threo dotective and a couple of high polico officer in uniform . seat with he back to though window be a worker , bis arm ord hund be bandage . he obviously have beon burnt and be in pain . Worker + ssand so I rm into this kid ~-- I tell them about though fire , soo , and they start runnin ! like hell right for the end of the building , and the last I seo of them they be goint in . I go around the outside and I come right up in ' back of ‘om -- one kid be just handin ' he pal the oxtin- guisher . then aftor that T do not see nothin ! -- the fire come right ovor we ... first deteotive be there anyone else in the vicinity ? ' continued : r26 25 . continued ( 2 ) Worker no , I do not seo nobody else . a company official thank you very mich , Rogers , that will be all -- and tako care of that burn . camera pan with Rogers es he gocs to the door and exit . he be follow by a policoiwan who stick lis head out of the door for a moment . we hear he sar : policeman bring in the kid . Barry be bring in . ii face be white and sweaty . he be obviously very upset and nervous . camera pan with he until he stop in front of though desk . : Barry be in profile . the detective behind the desk begin to question he , detective okay . we. just want to ask you a couplo of question -~ just .& routine checkup , you hnow . Barry yes , sir -- I want to do everything I can to help . datectivo : that 's fine , kid . now just tell not where you get that ex - tinguisher . Barry it be hand to I . detective when be this ? Barry just before I give it to Ken -- there be a fellow outside the paint shop ahead of we -~ hoe give it to I . close - up - barry he be very intense . detective ( off scare ) do you know this guy ? Barry no. name be fry , though -- I imow that . 25 . 26 . 27 , medium shot ob barry in profile . dotective fry , eh ? what do he look like ? ~ Barry a young fellow - tall , dark . he be come beck from _ dinner with we . as a matter of fact =- detective ( cut to ) do you see he again after you friond get hurt ? Barry be rathor upset as he remember again the scone of the disastor . Barry no += but I do not romember uch what happen aftor that , - dateetive okay , kid , that 's all . stick around town for awhile . we might need you if anything como up on this matter . pan shot of barry as he hesitatingly turn and start out of the office . as ie be leave through though door we hear the detoctive on the telenhone : : detective ( off scen ) send-ina suy by the nane of pry. yoah , per-y . semi close - up of barry with he back to the door as he stand for a momont outside the office . slowly lo press he hand over he eye , then he move forvard . medium shot of barry as he move out into the haliway . a faw worker , who have be sit on a wait bench opposito the offico door from which Barry have just exite , riso . they move toward Barry . medium shot - barry and the worker they surround and stop he . first Worker do they ask you a lot of question , kid ? Barry shake he head . continued : 29 . 30 . 10 continued ( 2 ) second Worker must have bean protty bad see it happen right in front of you eye ... third Worker he be a.pal of yours , be not he ? Barry yeah ~ yeah he be -- he start to move on . second Worker think of the kid 's mother - how she must feel . she be not get nobody with hor . . Barry start to say somothing , but he can only shale he head . he pushos through the mon around he . Barry Excuse mo , follow . lap dissolve to : medium shot - exterior kennet mason's house it be a small , neat place in a suburban street noar the factory . Barry drivea up in he car and stop . he got out . ne have lose he coat and hat . his hair be dishevel . there be a small imot of people outside the house . camera pan as earry move past they to the front door . they look curiously at he . Barry lmock , put thoro ' be no answer from inside . he try the door . it be open . hesitantly , he enter . medium shot - interior mason front room sitting alone , stare at the floor in front of hor , be Mrs. meson . sho look up slowly as Barry ontor . they eye meat . Barry come slowly into the room . Barry hello , mya. mason -- ( ho crossos to she sido ) Mrs. mason 's cye seem to be focus on something far away . Mrs. mason they would not let mo seo he , ( toar come to she eye ) continued : sl . qor n continued ( 2 ) Barry io - I - can not beliove it -- it happen so quickly . I : be beside I , grin and kid , then sudden'\y he .... Mrs. mason do not -- please do not talk about it . Barry stand in front of she for a second , his eye wander quickly about the room , - Barry be there anything I can do -- can I get you somo thing ? Mrs. meson ( shaking she head ) no , I do not want anything right now . Barry let I get you -~ some brandy or souething . do you imow where it be ? Mrs. mason do not answor . the camera pang with Barry as he hurry out of though room into the kitchen . : medium shot - interior kitchsh Barry be look around in all direction . Ho open several cupboard . to seem not to find any brandy . ° the back door be slowly openod . a neighbor =~ a fussy , middlo~aorod lady -- stick she head in . hor manner be part pity , part inquisitivenoss , Larry see hor . neighbor ( in a whisper ) iwas just wonder -- how Mrs. mason be feel ~- the poor thing . Barry not very well , itm just look for somo brandy for she . ( ho hesitates a moment ) there do not seer to be any . neighbor if you will come over to my house -- medium shot - interior - mason front room someon be kmock , and will sec ir . mason as sho cross to the front door , sho admit two dotoctive . they stand ombarrass on though threshold , not sure they be in the right house . 34 . 12 semi long shet turough the front room to ir . mason and the detective at the front door , first detective sorry to bother you , lady , but we have loolring for a oey neme Barry Ford . they tell we at the plant that he wag on he way . over here . : Mrs. mason do not answer . second detective be he around now ? Mrs. mason do not answor the dotective ! 's question directly : . . lir . mason what 's the matter -+ do you have to see he right avay ? fivet detective he 's in soma protty bad trouble , lady . mes. mason ~- ifd like to imow . first detective he be mix up with this fire business at the factory . linute . mason what do you mean ? first detective ( patiently ) there be souething funny about that fire . mes. mason but I do not understand ~-- medium shot - mrs . mason and '' i0e two detective the young one be anxious to try to get into the room . . . second detective ( impatiently , edging inside ) there be several thing we do not understand yot . somehow Mrs. mason 's tragic boar stop he fron come into the room . . ir . mason I would like to know -- Kenneth mason be my son . the second detective stop crowd and staros at she . he make a gosturo toward he hat as though to tale it - off , but even tragedy be not strong snough to convince he of that . continued : 54 , b , . , 35 . '' s5-a ss 36 . '' 37 . db '' e 38 . 13 continued ( 2 ) second detectiva you -- joez , I be sorry , mala first detective that make it tougher -- mra. mason ( in 2 cold , forward voice ) . how be Barry involvod in this ? first detective that fire extinguisher -- woll , it seea it be not just a plain accident ... you soo , it turn out the one that wae hand you son be fill with gasoline . closeup - IRS . mason as she staros incredulously at the man . hor eyo be fill with horror . medium suot we sco Barry ag ho come in throush the door . Ho hesitatos a moment , loolse for a glass ; then he start toward though front room . semi - lowg shoy - front room the gotective aro no longer thors . the front door be close , with hrs. lason standinz naar it . thore be a stop lend dew inte the front room and era . mason , who have not quito cnterod though room , be stand some - what , above Barry . long shot - hrs . mason I stare at Barry , who come into though shot . Barry ( very vorriediy ) mes. mason -- I vish you would take a little of this . it might make you feel better . she come forvard a few stop . mes. mason Tho police be hore after you a moment azo . Barry after I ? ' that do they want I for ? closeup - barry his expression of vondormont change to one of horror as he hear what lps . liason say . continued ? - mge oe . 39 . 40 . 41 . 14 continued ( 2 ) Mrs. mason ( in a dead voice ; off seene ) they say the extinguisher you handod Kenneth be fill with gasoline . - Barry 's face have the appearance of a guilty porson . he staymor desperately : . Barry I dontt get it -- why should anybody want to -- why , thoy imow I would not kill . a man -- this fellow fry -- he handod it to I , have thoy talk to hin ? semi long shoy - mrs . mason with Barry in foreground . Mrs. mason there be no man at the plant name fry . semi close - up of barry as he move forward . Barry ( dosperatoly ) what be they talk about ? they be erasy . they couldntt think I -- ( he stare wnbelievingly at Mrs. mason . his voice dron ) iosaw this follow twico -- ho be with the rest of the mon come back from diuner . Ken see lim too ~- and thon when will get to though fire and this follow hunde mo the oxtinguish - er , Ken say ' do not I get to no too ?! hoe be kid I . and I hand it to he . with this follow iry stand right noxt to I , and ho imew all along it be fillod with -- close - up - mrs . mason the expression on she face have make Barry stop . her face be rigid and without warmth . Mrs. mason please go . semi long shot - front room Barry be beat . Ho look at mra. mason in boewilder - ment . Barry you do not believe I -- you veally think I have something to do with kon 's death , do not you ? continued : I a continued ( 2 ) : ilp . mason I do not tell the police anything , but if you stay here -- tf do not want to have to do that . ploase go . semi closh - up - barry he can hardly believe what Mrs. linson be say . Barry ido not know what they be talk about -- but if you believe it -- that I killod hin «- then I might as woll ... on the soune track from far in the distance we hear the wail of a police siren . Barry look desperntely toward the door . ue give Mrs. mason one last look of appeal . : irs. mason ( coldly ) youtd better go , caira pan with barry as ho -movo quickly across though room out into the kitchen . medium shot - interior ~ kivohey Barry move to the back door , oven it , glance up and down , and then slip out . long seot - interior - front room lis . mason cross silently and sit down in a chair . she be complotely alone . hor oxpression and posa be unchange . sho seem to have diod , despite though fact that hor body continue work . thore be a fow shout from outsido , and through though open window will hoar the police siron start again , thon growius louder and loudor , vise to a croscondo . pade out . fade in : very long shot ~ exterior - northern california landscape ~ nicht the road run into the camora . < a largo trick and a trailer be slowly move up the road , which seom to be paste on the side of a hill . a strong moon pro - vide sufficient lisht for we to see the landscane beyond . the heavy truck reach the summit and come arowid toward the camera , ac it fill the sereon , 48 . medium shot ~ interior cab of truck we find Barry seat beside the driver , who be a voluble young man of abcut thirty , he wear a wove mant cap and be smoking a cigarette , which ho never take out of he mouth . Driver a ee this pleasure car really make it tough for.us boy . they think they get a lease on the read . sure - we get a better chance in any ' sind of a crack=up ~ but that mean a black mark from the compa - and then they aoc you . Barry doc not seom to be very intorested in the con - versation , but he endeavor to keep up he end . Barry how long have you be dvive today ? Driver eicht hour so far , and in this smiwb - nose it 's somo grind . but from here on into reno I lmow every little rock in the road . Barry where be you go after renot Driver Salt Lake , maybe . that 's a tough trip , too . you trick get so hot you have to cover the gas pedal with nowspapor . Barry ( sympathetically ) tet sure a tough racket , . Driver youh , but at least I eat rosular . throughout the dialogue a loud rattling noise have mado itself hear inside the cab . Tho driver point to somothing beside Barry 's car . Driver doos that thing bother you ? close - up - barry as he turn . the shot inclwile a small fire oxtin- guisher , the bottom of which have shake loose from its fitting . Barry 's face tighten as he stare at it . he turna , stare straight ahead of he out through though windshield . : 51 . 1 ? intertor cab ~ shoot past the driver . Driver Jan this hunk of paper in though fitting . Barry take the paper and do as ho be tell . '' Tho rattling stop . Driver ( unconscious of Barry 's disc ert ) that 's a pretty good extinguishor . I see a follow worlt one of them down on the coast road . lettuce truck over - turn -- burn liko a matchbox . friend of mine be inside and if it have not be for this other guy and one of this extinguishers , ho would have be cook . closkup - barry he ls'even more nervous . he do not reply . Driver {off scene ) itm going to get mo one of this thing for the house . the other night i care home from riding a haul and find the stove on -- it suve scared mo -- but that 's my wifo for you . she keops hor jjok vith tha toloyvhone people just for the extra dough . sho only iako tyventy - five a week , and pour it risht back into clothes . barvy 's Pace be lose its strain oxpression as though driver soo on : . Driver ( off sesne ) so all T get out of 1b be a house that 's badly run . what ean you do with woman ? -- thoero 'ts ao way to lick 'om oxcopt in the movio ... medium shot - intertor cab - shoot past barry Driver you marricd ? Barry no . Driver you be okay then , kid . you vork in l.a .? Barry there . I do vo Driver one lousy tear , be not it ? ( he pause ) where do you work ? Barry a airplan factory . continued : 51 . 52 . 53. 18 continued ( 2 ) Driver oh yeah -- that 's pretty good , be not it ? Barry yeah . Driver they be pretty careful though about which fellow they take , be not they -- check up on they record =- if you have dono time , no dico . ai not that right ? Barry I do not know . semi closeup - driver as he look away from the rond for a instant , over at . Barry , . Driver you never boon in the clint , eh? medium shot - interior cap Barry ( nervously ) no . . Driver no offense . fivo out of ton ceuy you pick up on the road have be in jail nowadays . soem like thore 's lot more trouble than thore use to be . Barry yeah . lot of trouble ~- all over the world . : Driver well , it 's a great life . he release though whee} . for a instant and strotches both arm , arching he back . Driver hold it for a second while I get a cigarette , Barry hold the wheel , the driver light anothor cigarette . Driver where you go in bridgeport , kid ? Barry Middle of town . continued : 55 . 19 continued ( 2 ) Driver i can drop you anywhere you want . the camera pan throughout the speech until it come to a closhup of barry . Driver tas town 's only about eight hundred yard ton , se if youtre go out to any one of the ranch I will be glad to drop you . we see that Barry be think hard . beside he head , out of focus , but in the forosround , be the end of the extinguisher , Barry 's face bagin to light up and the screcn be flllcd with a veprise , superimnose over Barry 's face . . it - be the moment during the molee outside though aircraft factory when the content of tha wallet fall on though ground co Barry pick they up . over Barry 's faco we see , against the background of rim foot , rarry 's hand as it pisk up the envelope . it rush to the screen and have soe the first line of the address , with the namo " frant : fry , " and in the bottom right -hand corner , " deep Springs ranch , bridgeport . " : the picture clear quickly , leave we with the close - up o¥ barry . as ho 's the camera draw back to the original bediun , to Le Barry place callod something like " doev Springs ranch " = ever hear of it ? . drivor . yeah , sure . Hell of a big placo . you go to work thoro ? earvy I be go to try . Driver you will like Lt. it 's sure a protty valley . on the sound track there be the faint sound of a polica siren from belind they . Barry 's face tighten . the griver automatically let up on the gas . Driver oh , oh - Santa Claus . ( and then grin ) io hope he do not give I nothing . as the siren get louder , the driver begin to slow up , put on he air brake . 55 . 56 . 58. 59 . '' mge . 20 medium shot - exterior - ( nicht ) - front of truck as it pull over to the side of the read . a motor - cycle cop come slowly alongside . he pass thor , come in closer to camera where he sten he motor - cycle directly in front of the truck . ltelsurely the cop get off he motorcycle and walk back to the side of the truck . medium shot - interior cab - shoot past barry '’s heal as the policeman come into view at the sido wincow . he turn he flashlight on , shine it directly into camera . we can sec very littic for a instant , thon the flashlight be turn off . cop ( point to drivor ) ttll talk to you -- ( with a " coma on " motion of he head ) -- out hore . Tho driver clamber out of the cab and with though cop move out of the shot . medium shot ~ ztivterior cab ~ ow barry Barry can only hear the faint mrmur of they voico , but he feol sure they be discuss he . he look nervously about he . he be desperate to mow what to do . he decide to make a gotatay . medium shot - exterior - night side of the truck we cen sco the door open and Barry 's foot as thoy appear on the pun board . Parry get out of though truck and jwm down to the ground . medium close shot - rear wherl and lover side of truck - from barry angle the shadow of the driver and the policoman 's log as they move forward toward the cab . medium shot - exterior - barry as he move to the side of though truck and look through the opon door across the seat of the truck . the driver and the policeman roappoar . Driver get back in , iid . one of my tail blinker go black , that 's all . they climb back into the cab . Tho driver start though motor . 60 . 61 . 62 , 63. 64,7 6s . al medium shot - interior cab - shoot in through windshirld Driver ' I guess it be not Christmas yet . medium shot - exterior - ( night ) - road in front of truck : as the truck pull away , cammra stays on the cop as he mount he motorcycle . . closeup ~ radic on motorcycle Radio Calling all highway patrolmen ... ko on the lookout for a. man nane Barry ford. ue ls blonde ... mbdium shot - policeman as he look after the truck . Radio «.. six foot tvo ... blue eye ... about twenty - five . last see on highway 66 . the cop glancos thoughtfully after the retreate truck . . : from ti folicemai be angle the camera pan across the road , as though the cop wear look in that direction . camera stop on a medium shot of a highway sign . the sign read : " ichway 395 . " medium shot - the policeman as he remain undecided for a moment , then he start he motor , wheel and ride off in the opposite diroc - tion , out of shot . fade out . 86 . 87 . 68. 69 . 70 . 71 . mge 22 fade in : very long shot - exterior - northeastern california - ( morning ) in the @istance be high mountain , cap with suo , and in the foreground the highway , as it run through a wide , fertile valley . in the extrema distance will see tha truck stop on the lonely highway . the tiny figure of barvy alight . Ho wave to the driver and start down a side road . tap dissolve to : medium long shot we seo Barry pass through the main gate of a ranch . on the bight there be a mail box with " deep Springs ranch " paint on the side . long shol - barry as he move up the road , a cowboy passas he from the opposite direction . lap dissolve to : '' long shot - exterior Barry in the forerromid . in the beckground a largo California ranch house . on Barry 's right aro stable , farm building , cow shed . Barry make he way towards the front door of the ranch house . medium shot - extrrior - barky at the front door he press the button of the front door . the bell can be hoard ringing throughout the house . thon the front door be open and a japanese may appear . medium shot ~ extertor - shoot past barry and to include the japanese maid Barry hello . doos a mister pry stay here ? the maid ( shaking she head ) no -- owner be mp. tobin -- dontt imow any Mr. fry . Barry then could I seo Mr. tobin ? continued : 71 . tr . 73. 75 , 76 . 25 * continued ( 2 ) will maid go see . she turn . long shot - exterior - the fatio Inside the ranch house there be a wide lavm , and in the center a swim pool . a elderly man be splash about with a one - year - old child . the child 's mother be sit close by . the mother cross and go to the edge of the pool . medium log shot ~ exterior maid in the foreground . we do not see the man in the pool . . maid man outside to see you , Mr. tobin -- look for a Mr. fry . tobin ( off scene ; thoughtfully ) Mr. fry , eh ? well , show the young man in . medium shot ~ ext , ~- front door of the ranch house the may reappear at the door just as the cowboy return with the mail . he move past Barry and hand it to she . as she take it , she beckon Barry to follow she . camera follows barry into though house . he be lead through the hallway past another japanese may . medium long shot - exterior - patio Barry arrive at the pool just as the old gentleman , with a great deal of splash , be omerge . semi - closeup - exterior - tobin as he come out of the pool . he wrap he lower half in a large bath towel . tobin ( with a smile ) itm Charles tobin . ( he stretch out he hand ) shall we sit out in the sun and talk ? 77 . 78. 79 . 80 . 24 medium shot - exterior - shoot past tobin and barry as the mother of the child come forward . mother T will take the baby away , Father , so she will not disturb you . tobin she will not bother we . the mother glance at Barry and decide to rotire discreetly . two shot - exterior - patio tobin glance curiously at Barry , whose wnshaven face and untidy clothes make he look anything but prosent - able . : tobin ( smile ) now , young man , let 's hear you little problem , and we will seq what we can do . : . Barry ( cagerl7 ) I be look for a man name fry -- Frank fry -- I meet he dewn in Los Angeles . and I have to get hold of he . closeup ~ tobin he look at Barry studiedly , puckore he brow as though try to remember the name . tobin prank fry ... fry ... I have hear 14 somewhero before , but I just can not scom to place it ... yther 's a follow with a nane something like that work up at tahoe ... but no , not fry . the camdra pan with tobin as he stroll casually across the lawn , drageing he bath towel , he move to a side tablo and pick up the mail , which have be recently deposit by the may . the onon a telogram , road the content , and then glance idly through the ' letter . - closeup - the letter in tobin' hand wo see that two of thom be address to Frank fry , c/o charlos tobin , esq . tobint volco ( on sound track ) itm afraid you have get a wrong nwibor . I do not think I aver kmaw a man by that name . gl . bey 83. a4 . 85 . 86 . 25 medium shot ~ barry - shoot past tobin Barry '' could it bo some fellow work for you ? one of the cow - hand ? tobin no , there 's nobody by that name work here . but the fellow next door have a much bigger outfit -~ I will ask hin if he ever hear of the name . tobin start to move towards the house . Barry ( intorpose ) I do not want to put you to so mach trouble . tobin oh , that 's all right . no use of you take a long ride without . go into this thing thoroughly . the camera pan with tobin , as he stroll across and place the letter and telogram in the pocket of he coat , which be hang on the door of the bath house . tobin : if you will just wait a second , I will go in and telephone . the next ranch be fourteen mile up the road . tobin cross and start towards the house . medium shot - barry as he seat himself at the side of the pool to await tobin 's return , he oye roam over the patio . long shot - barry as ‘his eye meet the little girl 's . mediun shot - barry he wink and grin at the child . long shot - shoot past barry at the child shoe laugh and flash a happy smile . the child look down on the grass at - three ball , the child stop and pick up one , clutching it tightly in its leave hand . it waddle on and pick up the second . medium shot ~ the child it look pensively at the third ball , begin to stoop , and then look perplex at the two ball in its hand . cam tnttet '' as . BT . 88. 8a. 90 . ol . 92 . 26 ° continued ( 2 ) the child 's face brighten , and it put down one ball and pick up the third , but be perplex agein when it see that there be still one ball remain on the ground , long shot - the child as it waddle happily towards Barry . suddenly it stop and throwa down both ball , then the child turn , and catch sight of the letter in tobint pocket , it teddle over and take they out . then it make for Barry , carry the letter . two shot - the child as it artive with the letter . it drop they at Barry 's foot . Barry stoops to pick they up . closkup - barry as he straighton , he faco be diffuse and will get onco again the pictorial repriso of the scuffling foot outside the airplane factory , the opon wallet , and the envolope with fry 's name on it . Tho picture clear end reveal Barry 's expression of incredulity , as he staros at the onvolope in he hand . he look up swiftly and angrily in tobin 's direction . medium shot - barry he quickly and furtively snatch up the open tolegram . insert - telegram " all pinished here . joining . neilson in mountain pe fr two shot - barry and the child Barry hastily gather though papers together and hand they to the child . Barry ' ( coaxingly ) musi not do that -- put they bak . 95 . 94 . '' 95 . g6 . be semi -closhup - chitd it start to obey , but suddenly turn and toddle off in another diraction . camera follows the child as it head towards tobin , who be stand in the doorway . semi - long shot ~ tobin and the child tobin now , baby , you be not go the right way ... thatis not what the gentleman tell you to do . put they back in the pocket . you must be carefvl with letter that do not be - long to you . semi -closeup - barry he be petrify and can not take he eye off tobin . tobin 's Voice ( off scone ) be not she cute ? medium long shot to include Barry as he get up , and tobin , who be move towards he . Barry ( he face be tense ) yeah , she 's cute. ow , where 's pry ? tobin ( rotain he genial mood ) let 's not get hasty , and anyway , you should imow -- you just read he telegram to I . ile !s on he way to Mountain City -- be not that what it say ? Barry ( gruffly ) cut the sugar . just tell I where Mountain City be . the camera pan over to pick up the child as it toddle towards tobin , carry a ball and a magazine . it hand this object to tobin . tobin why , I really could not tell you . he pick up the child and , hold she in he arm , begin to fondle it . tobin if it be not on any map I really have no way of imowing where . it be , continued ; 96. 97 . 98. 99 . Leo . lol . 28 continued ( 2 ) throughout the whole scene a portable radio have be play light orchostral music , but the program new change to the news . Radio this be Bruce knox again , lady and gentleman , bring you up - to- the-minute headline . flash ! mystery shroud a aircraft factory fire in the Southern California region . company official of the stowart aircraft factery and the police be busy look for a man name Barry Ford , sus - pect of sabotage -- tobin cress to the radio and turn it off . semi -closeup - tobin tobin youtre really not interested in that , ara you ? ' you must have hear all about yourself earlier . I do +- that 's how I know you when you first come in . _ semi - long shot - barry as he move towards tobin . Barry okay . before you holley ' copper ! ' , just tell I one thing . why be you front for fry ? what 's it go to get you ? semi - closeup ~- tobin tobin as a intelligent young american , you should kmow that . each of we follow he own opportunity . semi - closeup ~ barry he can hardly hide he rage . Barry you be a funny kind of a american . I never quite believe that guy like you exist -~- people that would sell out they neighbor and they friend . still , I owe you a vote of thanks -- you have help I see this thing a little clearer . medium shot - tobin and barry tobin Young man , I be quite bewllder . I really do not lmow what you be talk about . continued : lol . loz . 103 . 104 105 . 29 continued ( 2 ) Barry but get this ~- you will never make it . I be go to ston you . I be go to the police , and then you will get a chanee to find out what this country be all about . closezup - tobin tobin 's ( smile ) a very pretty speech ... . ( not look off into the distance somewhat amused ) --- youthful , passionate , and idealistic . some of my friend make speechos like that ... ( he eye be hard now as he turn back ' to Barry ) they speak of a new world , run by power , but they , they - selve , aro not interested in the mochanism of we day <~ police and Federal officer . you belief in this silly token show rather bad taste on you part -= and besides -- itve airsady send for the shoriff . medium shot - barry and tobin Barry you can not bluff I -- youtre catch . ' you will have to do a dot of smooth talk to get out of this one . tobin I only want to remind you that you -- not I -- be a fugi - tive from justice . I ama respected landowner -- ono of the lead citizon of mono comty . I wonder which one of we the police be likely to believe . ( ho smile and seat himself in a deck chair ) wo not you have a cool drink , Mr. Ford ? a Tom Collins be . very refresh on such a warm day . closeup ~- barry Ho look worriod for a monont . Barry well , then , Mr. tobin , I be sorry to have take you time -- I think I now imow everything that you have to tell mo , medium shot - barry and tobin tobin sit in he dock chair . Tho camera pan with barry as ho move towards the patio gato through which he onter . tobin strugglos to riso and thon , ro - ' lax , he raiso he voice : tobin ( in japanose ) 0 soto , mui chi san ling yunt 106 . 107 . los . ioe . 110 . 11l . 50 medium shop - timd patio gate as though japanose may cone into viow . tobin ( off scene ) be so kkind as to accompany Mr. Ford to the decor . medium shot ~- 0 soto she pause . 9 soto yes , mister tobin , she take a small purse out of she side pocket and look into it , long si0t as Barry approach o soto . her hand come up out of the little bag , hold a small automatic . o soto stop , please ! medium shot - barry - he be half amusod . Barry that fill with water ? medium long shot -~ 0 soto aid barry 0 soto ( shaking she head ) no - fill with bullet - like any gin . tobin 's Voice ocome over scone ) you really must not ba in such a hurry to loave , lie . Ford . long shot Barry turn and raalize that he avenue of oscape have be cut off . '' soto stand at he back , hold the gun . tobin be on he leave , just get out of the deck chair . the only way he can get out of the patio be to go around the pool . Barry you make it tough for I to refuse you invitation - but still I do not see how I can stay here any longor . continued : mge 115 . 114 . 11 . 116 . i117 . continued ( 2 ) he look about he and suddenly he call out : Barry susie ! maybe you can help I -- come here , medium shot - susie as she hear she name , turn , and start toward Barry . semi -closeup - tobin tobin ( in a stern voice ) susie - come here ! mediuh shot ~- barry and susie Barry smile as the child toddle towards he . Barry I be in sort of a predicament , susis , and I think maybe a little conference with you might clear thing up . Barry reach down and take the child 's hand , swinging she onto he back . , Barry how about a nice piggy - back ride ? semi - closeup : - 0 soto as she start forward . semi -closeup - tobin furious . tobin put that child downt long shot - barry as he start around the pool toward the patio entranco .. the child be hang onto he back , laugh gleefully , enjoy herself tremendously . 118 . il9 . 120 . lea . Lee . 123 , 124 . 32 medium shot - barry as ho reach the patio mato that lead towards though stable and the adjoin ranch house . he turn and epen the gate . Barry end of the line , susie . he wave at tobin . Barry ( call to tobin ) bye-bye , now . halt Barry put the child down quickly and then step through the gate , slamm it behind he . medium shot - barry - on other side of gate he look about he for a second . the camera fan with he as he run across the court - yard toward a large corral fifty or sixty yard to the leave . . medium shot - barry 4s he open the gate to the corral . he take dow a rope halter that be hang on a pog . medium shot - reverse angie - shoot over horse's neck Barry approach warily , hold the rope halter be - hind he . long shot - inside patio '' soto , the jananese may , be run toward the child . tobin have extract himself from he deck chair . he ig mmne toward the house , shouting order . tobin joo ! get after himl medium long shot - barry as he mount and canter out of the corral , through the ranch yard and off into the mesa . medium shot - ranch yard tobin in he -bathing suit . he be shouting at several man who be in the process of mount horse . 125 . 126 . 127 . 128. les . 130 . 131 , 132 . pan shot - barry hang onto the run horse 's mane . he look back . long shot - three or four horsemen as they gallop after Barry . ' medium shot - barry as he gallop along . extreme long shot - as if see from the ranch house - the chase two small cloud of dust move on the desert . medium shot - the rider closest to barry as he unlimber he lasso and begin to swing it . close shot - the lasso as the camera follows it through the air , until it fall around Barry 's shoulder . camera stays on barry as he in jertre off he horse , and camera follows he to the ground . lap dissolve to : long shot - the patio a tableau around the pool . the police have arrive and be about to take Barry away . he ia stand be - tween two detective , face t'obin who 1s hold the baby . - medium shot - barry , two detective , and tobin one of the detective jerka at Barry 's sleave . detective come on , let 's go . Barry ( nodd towards tobin ) you can not just take I away without investigate this cuy . just because he have a house and a pool , that do not make he straight . ask the child about the letter . 133 . 154 . 135 . 137 . 34 medium . shot - tobin tobin I peally do not know what the young man be talk abouw . he have a curious imagination . as for the child , I :m sfraid it will be quite a few month before it can answer any quoy - tion . at the moment the best 1t can do be tda - da ' and ' moo - moo ' -- of course , if that can help you in any way ... medium shot - tobin , the child , barry and detective tobin put the child down . tobin go to the gentleman , susie -- go on . the baby toddle over to Barry . medium shot - the baby , barry and two detective the baby . point to the handcuffs on Barry 's wrist and gurgle something inarticulate . tobin ( off scene ) she want the handcuffs . he come into the shot , take the child by the hand . tobin no , no , you can not have they , my dear . ' they belong to the gontleman . semi - closeup ~ barry as he look helplessly at the face of the smile - detective on either side of he . he realize that he be beat . '' Barry okay , let 's get go . medium shot - shoot past barry and two detective as they move off . tobin be stand by the pool , the baby in he arm . she wave she little hand in fare - well . dissolve to ; 138 . 139 . 140 . 141 , 142. 143. 35 medium shot - barry - shoot through windshieid of police car he be seat in back with a dotective . the drivor and another detective ride in front . Barry where you take I ? detective ( in front seat ) County jail -- back in bridgeport . you will not find it the best in the West , but it 's only temporary . probably only be there a day , until they come up from L.A. to get you . Barry how about bail ? they can not hold I without bail and with no charge . medium closeup + detective in front seat detective I do not know whether we can or can not , brother . all we gotta do be do it . . two shot ~- barry and detective in back seat detective back in L.A. you will get all the dope -- and from what I hear they might throw away tha key . the car slow up with a squeaking of brake . ' the de - tective beside Barry look up and speak to the driver . . detective what 's wrong , Joe - what 's hold we up ? reverse angle - driver and detective in front seat the driver indicate a large truck , barely visiblo through the windshield . Driver Gas truck up ahead - can not pass he . two shot - barry and detective in back seat detective you would think they would keep this big truck off the highway . it 's get so that there 's nothing but truck on this road . aman ina car have not get half a chance . closeup - barry we can see from he expression that he be become more desperate . he glance nervously out of the window . 144 . 145 . 146 . 149 . 150 . 151 . '' se . have 36 medium shot ~ shoot past barry out of the window we see that the car be pass over a narrow bridge , with a rush river below . Barry ( as he turn back to the detective ) you get a smoke ? medium shot ~ shoot through windshiezd of cap - to include all four passengers the detective in the rear seat reach into he pocket for cigarettes . Barry bring both of he hand up fast and strike he full on the chin . close shot - barry as he kick at though handle of the rear door . camera follows he as he dive out , and hold on he roll figure in the road . medium shot ~ barry - ow the road he be daze for a moment , then get to he foot , vault over the low railing of the bridge . long shot - bridge as Barry dive into the river . long shot - the bridge and the highway beyond it the detective ! car slide to a stop . the two man in the front seat jump -out . two shot - the two detective as they start across the road . they pull back suddenly and a truck whizze by in front of camera , barely miss they . medium shot ~ the devective as they run along the road . long shot - the detective as they come toa halt on the railing of the bridge . they have they gun out . ~ 155 . 154 . 155 . " 156 . be ?. 158. 159 . 160 . 37 medium shot - shoot up from the water first detective ( shouting ) watch the other side ! medium shot - barry as he flatten himself at the side of the bridge and recover he breath . he be bleed from a scratch on he temple . above he the mon be still shouting . he take a deep breath and the camera pan with he as he plunge down below the surface of the water . medium shot - under water - barry as he make he way upstream , use he hand as best he can . we see he buck the current until he find two huge boulder . Barry turn on he back and , brace himself against the boulder with he foot , he move towards the surface , medium long shot - the surface of the water as Barry 's nosa and mouth emerge . long shot - from barry angle fifty yard below he , along the river bank , the detective be search in the tall grass . they be work they way back toward the bridge , in they endeavor to trace Barry 's passage downstream . one detective start run toward Barry . medium closeup - barry he be barely able to hold out . he must remain con - ceal by the boulder . shoot past barry head to first detective as he approach . medium shot - under water - barry as the detective pass , he lower himself below the surface of the water . 162. 163. i164 . 165 . 166 . 167 . 38 medium shot - shoot up from barry angle through the water the dotective 's distort form ia in view as he feat rest on the boulder diroctly over Barry . he be locke ing to the visht and leave of he , then the detoctive seom to be look pight down at Barry . from below the water , he whold form soem to quiver like jello . Barry 's ling be about to burst , but still the man doss not move . prom barry angle - the camera break through the surface of the water . medium shot - he detective on he boulder Barry rise suddenly and with he handcuff hand swing at the man 's ankle . the detective tumble into the water and ls carry away down the river . long shot - the other detective as they turn suddenly , hearing the fall want 's cry . we hear faint shout of " there he be ~- watch he ! " '' " dontt shoot until you have to ! " the detective and one or two truck driver endeavor to follow tha course of the man as he be sweep along by the current . ' hoy movo downstream . one of they wade out into the river . medium shot - barry as ho smile with -satisfaction . Ho begin to swim toward though riverbank . fade out . fade in : medium shot - barry - late afternoon Big tree and the mountain in beckground . it be raining . long shot - from barry angle - tee forest beyond he a storm be cause vivid flashos of lightning to show through though tree - loud thunder on the sound track . + mge 168. 169 . 170 . iv. 172 . 173. 175 . 176 . 39 long shot - barry as hs come to a slight clear among the tree . long shot - shoot past barry hea be look across the grassy moadow , through the heavy rain - toward a cabin nestle against though . hill half amile avay . smoke be rise from the chimey . medium shot as Barry move forward . long shot - barry as he move warily around a corner of the house . close shot - barry a twig crack underfoot . Barry flatten himself — against the Wall . from inside we hear a dog bark . two shot Barry flatten himself against the wall . beside he head there be a window . a dog , bark louder now , be at the window . medium shot - barry as he move along the wall , try to gain the other side of the house . the deg follow he from window to window . long shot - barry as he reach the farthest side of the house face the clear . medium closbup - barry above the noise of the rain on the leave we hear the deep volce of a man . Voice ( quite close ) hello , there ? wo not you come in out of the rain ? Barry turn quickly . 17 '' . 178. 179 . 180 . igi . 182. igs . 40 closeup - barry as he pull he sleeve dovm over he handcuffs . medium shot - barry : Barry yeah - thanks . medium long shot - barry as he approach the door and go inside . medium shot - shoot past barry he be face a elderly gentleman who be stand before a crackle fire . medium shot - barry soaking wet . Barry hate to barge in on you like this , but I wonder if I could ary out in here --. walk through that mud be pretty tough . . medium closeup ~ the elderly gentleman ( mr. miller ) he be a kindly lock , white - haire man of about sixty - five , but wiry and virile . he smile . me. Miller where 's you car , young fellow ? you might have trouble start it if you leave it out in the rain . therats a lean - to behind the cabin -- you can put it under there . medium shot - barry and mr. miller | Barry ( attempt to smile ) no car - I be work the old thumb . Mr. Miller the thumb ? I do not quite --~ Barry hiteh-hike . 184 . 185 186 . '' 137 , 18a. 189 . iso . 191 . 41 medium closeup - mr. miller me. Miller oh , really . I envy you ~ it seom to I to be a groat adventure -- the last of the pioneer -- exporiment with the american sum - and the american heart . medium shot - barry and mr . milier Barry yes , maybe that 's so = never think of that . medium closeup - barry he be watch the elderly gentloman , try hard to conceal the fact that he be handcuff . mediul shot - mr. miller and barry - Mr. Miller my name be Edward Miller . you be walcome to stay here until though storm blow over . I dopbt whether that will be very long -- this summer storm be short . Barry and pretty wet . closeup - barry Barry my name 's Barry ~-- mason . medium shot + shoot past barry to“ ARD mr . miller Mr. Miller well , come risht in , Barry - therot a fire go in though other room . if you want to take off thoso wat clothes , go right ahoad - there be not anyone within mile . medium closeup - barry the camera pan down to he soak shoe . . Barry it 's not so bad . [ I '11 lot tem dry right on I - so thoy will not forget my shapo . . medium shot - mr. miller and barry Mr. Miller smile . continued : 193. 192 . is4 . 195 . 196 . 42 continued ( 2 ) Mr. Miller come along , then . camera follows they into the other room . lr. millor move slowly in advance of earry . he stand across the room , leave the fire open to Barry . '' Mr. Miller you might throw a couple of log on the fire -- perhep we ean hurry the drying process . medium shot - barry as he move cautiously toward the fireplace . he manosuver he body in such a manner that he can pick up a log without he handeuffs be see . medium closeup - barry bend over though wood -basket . on the sound track we hear Miller close the door . Barry quickly lift a log out of the wood - basket and pivot toward the fire - place , but the ’fact that he hand be manaclod cause he to lose he grip on the log and it fall to the hoarth with a crash . '' closzup ~- barry as he handcuffs be rovealod by the offort . io look up nervously . semi -closeuf - shoot up from barry angle - mr. miller . fle look down at Barry . medium shot - barry and mr. miller Barry look up at Miller and then down at he hand - cuff . there be a pause while he wait for the old man . to speak . my. millor ( in he same genial tone ) they 'rs pretty heavy , be not thoy ? I drop they all the time . 1o7 . 198. 199 , 200 . 201 . . 202 . 43 two shot - barry and mr . miller Barry straighten and stare intently at Miller 's face . then slowly he pass he manacle hand , palm out ~ ward , in front of the older man 's cyos . Barry ( in a dead voice ) yeah , they be really heavy -- gotta use two hand , I suess . medium . closeup - mr. miller - shoot past barry the old man do not move despite the handcuffs that be be pass back and forth in front of he eye . Barry guess iwas pretty lucky not to smash my finger . medium closeup - barry as he bond dovm to pick up the log again . Barry ( mutter ) eeeeprotty lucky ... he throw the leg on the fire . camera follows the log onto the smoulder firo . - lap dissolve to : closeup ~ the firepiace the flame have incroase and the burn wood be erackle . the camera pull back to include Barry , who be maling no effort to . conceal he handcuffs . he warm he hand in front of the fire . medium long shot - Mr , millor be seat at the window , Barry stand with he back to the fire . Mr. Miller Tho rain be not so bad when you be wndor a good roof , be it ? medium ghot - mr. miller Mr. Miller . it 's almost one of the nicest feeling in the world -- the vain patter in the wood , and a warm fire on the hearth . it 's like be safe in a fortress with a enemy outside . . ( he look up ) if you could ever call nature a onemy . it 's sort of a friend to mar -- a companion . 44 205 . medium shot - barry and 3 '' miller Mr. Miller ( continuin ) I suppose everyone who life by himself in the forest develop that feel . every trea be a comrade -- there be a loud clap of thunder . 0 9 ° a medium closeup - barry as he jump nervously . 205 . medium closeup - mr. miller '' Mr. millor ( unperturb ) even the thunder be a friend -- it tell you that the lightning have pass . 206 . medium shot - barry Barry that 's a funny way to look at it - but I guess youtre right . 207 . _ medium shot - mr. miller as he get up slowly . hr. Miller oh , you do not have to subseribe to my theory -- you be young . no reason for you to live as I do = alone . you can enjoy life after you own taste . porhan when you be older you will understand the attraction of solitudo -- solitude and music - my own private pleasure . I even compose a little . and bocause I be alone I allow mysolf to think it 's good . 208 . closeup - mr. miller i. Miller it be not , you know . I find that out whonover I have guast . be you fond of music ? 209 , medium shot - barry Barry yeah , I like it a lot . 210 , 211 . ele . medium shot - mr. miller and barry Mr. Miller move slowly toward the piano . Mr. Miller bo you play any instrument ? Barry no -- ivuse to . I play the triangle in a school bend . since then nothing but the radio . lir . Miller ( as he seat himself at the piano - he smile ) that be hardly instrument , the triangle be exercise and the radio a drug . I play the piano . medium closeup ~ mr. miller at piano ur. Miller it do not know I be blind . so it 's very kind to I - and quite wnembarrassod . delius , the English composer , be blind , too , you know . ( he bogin to play softly ) . we blindness be the only thing we have in common . do you know delius ? ( he play moro loudly ) " summer night on the River , " for instance . it 's almost a description . medium shot - barry as the soft , melodious note emerge from the other end of the-room . ha steal a ance at the bowl of fruit on the table . he step forward and surrepti - tiously take a apple betveen he manacle hand . he bite into it carefully , but it make a loud erunching sound . closeup - ER. miller . as he look wp from a soft passage he be play . er , Miller " summer hight on the River " - with a apple . you must be quite hungry , young man . be not there something else I can get you ? Mr. Miller stop play . medium shot - barry and mr. itller Barry no thanks . a apple will do -- please go on play . continued : pr ee > e15 . 216 . e217 . ele . 46 continued ( 2 ) Mr. Miller riso from though piano . Mr. Miller no == you will have to fill that ompty stomach , first . the camera pan with Mr. Miller as he got up and pass into the kitchen . medium long shot - mr. miller and barry almost as though it be a trick of magic , Mr. Miller emerge with two plate ~- onc with bread and butter and the other with some cold meat . Mr. Miller ( siwiling ) you see , it 's all very simple . live here be pattern after a fairy talo . you make a wish and though chance aro pretty good of its be fulfil . Barry ( protest ) thanks a lot , but I do not want all that . Mr. millow but you must be hungry after you long walk . medium siiot - barry and miller - seated at the table Barry be have a little difficulty in manipulate he knife and fork . the rain have abate somewhat -- there be lea thunder and lightning . on though sound track we hear though noise of a- motor pull up and though faint sound of volce outside . Barry get up and move towards though window . . long shot - shoot over barry shoulder out of the window a girl be just get ont of a sedan at the foot of the path that lead to Miller 's house . anothor car have pull up behind she . out of it get detective and police . we see the polico and the girl speak togothor . medium shot - inside the cabin - barry Barry turn and move back towards the table . me. millor that mist be Teddie . it sound as though there be some - one with hor . . continued : 218. 219 . 220 . 221 222. 223. 47 continued ( 2 ) ° Barry ( grimly ) it 's another car . she 's show they the way . ' they must be lose up here . he look towards the window . long shot of what barry sees : the girl come towards 's the front door . medium shot - barry as he sit dovm and hide he manacle hand under the table . the door open and Teddie enter . she pull up sharply upon see Barry . Mr. Miller ( introduce ) teddic Miller , Mr. Barry mason . ( he turn towards the sirl ) you seem surprised , my dear , to see that I have a guest . life here be not as uneventful as you believe . Mr. mason and I have not have a dull moment -- at least I be under that impression ... who be you friond , dear ? medium shot - teddie she have close the door behind she and stand in front of it . teddia I be just a little jumpy -- that mon outside -- they 'ro police . they ask I if I would see a young man -- medium shop - to include barry and teddie she be look intently at he . Teddie they be look for he ... some follow that commit a crime in Los angelos . medium long shot - mr. miller , barry , and teddie still at the door Mr. Miller vhe polico be always inclined to be alarmist . they be ~ lieve that frishten people be part of protect they . ( he laugh ) there have be no one here more suspicious than myself and my friend , Mr. mason -- and I think you will agree that neither one of we have the look of a fifth columnist . continued : 's 223 . > > 225 . > 226 . > n e > > '' ~o 227 , 48 continued ( 2 ) neddie ( smile a little ) I suppose not . I be sorry . I will eo back and speak to though mon . medium sho 's - teddie as she turn towards the door . she hesitates for a moment and lock once more at Barry . ' then she sue out , Barry get up and move to the window . long shot - shoot past barry out of the window the girl speak to the police officer , who drive off . medium . shot - mr , miller and barry - inside the cabin my. Miller Teddie be my nioce ... her come ont here for a month every summer be one of the most ploasant thing that 's happen to I -- but a month be about as much as sho can stand of this kind of life -- the quiot makos she reatless . the docr slam and toddic re-enter , she move towards the tablo , smile winningly . we soo that sho be attractive in spito of she sloppy hat and raincoat . somchow she bring though froshnoss of though forest into the room with hor . teddic ( hold out she hand to Barry in the middle of my sleuthing I do not even have time to say ' how -do-you-do .! . Barry be afraid to rise . he remain soate , and merely nod he head . Barry -How-do-you-do. Teddie look curiously at he . afraid of arouse suspicion , Barry attempt to rise , and in do so , mock a knife from the table . now he be in a real dilenma . all he can do be glance down at the imife and then up at the girl . she lock eurfously at he for a instant and thon cone around to he side of the table and pick up the knif . two shot - teddie and barry as she stoops , she catch sight of he handcuffs . she jump back , frighten . 228 . 229-6 230 . 49 closeup - teddie she be frightenod . closeup - mr. midler Mr. Miller ( quiotly ) what be it , Teddie ? have you just see he handcuffs ? medium shot ~ teddie , mr. miller , and barry to the right teddisa uncle ! -- he 's the - man -- the one they be look for ! why do you tell I he be a friend ? Mr. Miller remain unperturhed . : Mr. millor gently , teddic -- iwas aware of me. mason 's predicament from the moment he come in ~~ somohow , he voice tell I that he wag not free . teddis then why do not you give he up to the police ? yr , millor you be relentless , yeddie -' rolentiess and jumpy . that 's what come of live in city . you have too fow doubt . Mr , Miller turn he head towards Barry . Mr. Miller ( thoughtfully ) it 's not so sasy for mo to turn a young man over to the police without know whether he 's guilty or not . semi -closeup - mr , miller Mr. millor ( as he goos on ) handeuffs alone do not make a man a criminal . in many part of though world today they sorve rather as a badge of courago and honesty , and besides -- ( he pauso , smile ) I hava discover that Mr. mason and I have two thing in common --- with wo be both oxtromoly fond of apple and music . medium shot - teddie as she faco Mr , millor and Barry . teddia , unclo Edward ! it 's you duty to turn this man ovor to though authoritios . . continued : to cay wo 235 . 234 , continued ( 2 ) my. Miller ( calmly ) I must remind you again that itm - not a policeman , I do not share you automatic suspicion . why , I doubt whether this young man have be try yet . . Barry I - have not even be indicted . Mr. Miller ( turn to the girl ) you see ? like so many people nowadays , you be judge a man before he 's be prove guilty . ( he lean back in he chair ) what 's more , today be a rainy day , and I feal a little like break the law . if it be sunny , I would be much more the righteous citizen . Teddie be bewllderad . toddie . what do you mean ? what be you go to do ? my. Miller : not even as mich as you be . I only feed he -- you will free he ... take the car and bring this boy down to the blacksmith 's , he will be able to get the handcuffs off . semi -closeup - teddie teddia uncle , how can I do that ? medium shot ~ mr , miller , teddie and barry me. Miller go ahead , Teddie . I will take the blame . ( he turn towards Barry ) and take some of the bread with you , and some of the moat , young man -- you might get hungry later on . Barry ( rise ) thanks . you have be pretty swell . Mr. Miller . yes , it 's a nice foeling ... good luck and bon voyage . the. camera pan with barry , as he move towards though door . Barry i sure approciate it . '' ( he hesitates a momont ) do not think I will not be back for more of that music ! continued : 234 . 0 a 4 238. . 51 . continued ( 2 ) he step out of the door , Teddie follew , but turn '' back once more . Teddie uncle , be you sure you be do right ? mp. Miller ( rise and move towards hor ) go ahead , my dear . I have a sort of deeper sense about people . he be noar to hor now , and kissos she fondly on the forehead , : my. Miller Z can see beyond handcuffs ... and I be very seldom wrong . toddie ( sighing ) oh , all right . long shot - shoot down the path toward the cabin as Teddie and barvy hurry through the rein towards the car , the old man stand smile in the doorway of the cabin . Mr , Miller ( shouting ) keop practice on that triangle . Barry ( turn , shouting back ) I wilh ! thoy get into the car , as Mr. Miller move slowly out into the rain . . extreme long shot ~ the house , and mr . miller as though car drive away down though lana . lap dissolve to : long shot - throuch the windshield of the car down a familiar type of four-lane highway , with a suggestion of a town about three mile ahead . medium shot ~ reverse angle - inside the car toddio be drive , Barry beside hor . it be still raining , toddic ( glumly ) would you mind close that window ? continued : 258. 239 . 240 . 241 , 52 continued ( 2 ) Barry ( as he doos so ) say , this blacksmith be not right in the middle of town , be he ? it would make it kind of tough . Teddie ( shortly ) no , he place be along here . long shot - the car as it turn slowly off the highway . medium shot - interior of car - barry and teddiz Teddie at least , I think it be . Barry the blacksmith -- he 's a right guy ? teddi Jake ? oh , certainly -- he use to shoe we horse year ago , and when uncle come back to live here , for a long time he be he only friend . Teddie seem to be talk in ean unconcencent , nor ~ vous way . she turn suddenly and spoak in a more intense voice . toddie let I see you handcuffs . I wonder if 1t will be any trouble take they off ? two shot - barry and teddie he glance out of the window to make sure that the road be quite empty , and then he hold out he man - acle wrist . Barry ( grimly ) just like charm bracelet . Teddie ( nervously ) get they a little higher -- in the light . Barry move they until they be right over the stoer - ing wheel . suddenly , teddy grab he arm , pull thom towards she and down over the steering wheel , so that Berry be shackle to the steering colum , quite breathless with oxcitement , she stare at he with a triumphant light in she cye . continued : 241. 242. 243 , 244 , 53 continued ( 2 ) teddia there -- you can not get loose now -- and I feel better with it this way . . Barry be completely take aback . Barry well , itll be a -- why , you little ~~ two shot - camera shoot past barry teddis seem much relieved . Teddie you neod not seem so surprised -- you have this come to you anyway . you be a criminal -- . Barry you uncle do not seem to think so . , toddie - oh yes , you be pretty smooth with you charm -- but the world be not full of blind and lonely old man . ( she look , at he coldly ) you would better think of what youtre go to say to the police -- that 's where we be go , you mow . and if youtre interested in reminiscence , will passod Jake , the blacksmith 's , two mile back . my welea 's old friond ... semi -closeup - barry Barry ( through close tooth ) you be sure you and you uncle aro from the samo family ? or maybe it be just a slip-un . maybo it be that iceman -- the mean one -- the one who use to kick the dog . two shot - barry and teddib she try to be aloof . teddle I would prefer it if you would not speak to I , you 'ro really not very funny . Barry okay , that suit I fino . he look out ahoad . we can see that he mind be work - ing . suddenly he turn he hand upward , grab though steering whool by two or threo spoke that radiate from though column . 245 . e > 246 . > 247 , '' 248 . > al »e@ 249 . b 250 . 6 '' 251 . I 54 close shot - barry foor as he kick away she foot and push down the accoler - ator . medium shot - barry and teddie ' as they wrestle for a moment . Barry prove to be the stronger . he turn . the car towards the right . long shot - the car as it turn suddenly .to the right , dowm a fork road . two shot - barry and teddie she be still struggle against he firm grin , but he be much too strong . after a while , she give up and sit helplessly beside hin . Teddie ( control she anger ) they '1i add kidnanyve to you charge . Barry - ( grimly ) «+- and maybe murdor . taddie look startle . lap dissolve : a long shot - the car as it careen away into the countryside . medium shot ~- inside the car the position of the two cecupant be alter somewhat . Barry be scan the landscape . he turn slowly . teddy have relaxed in she struggle against he . long shot - shoot from behind barry and teddie out of the windshield as the car face a new sogmont of the highway . directly in front of they , somo distance away , be a huge sign by the side of the road -- a rogular National outdoor advertise £ 4 - sheot . it fly towards thom . the sign be a hugo picture of a beautiful blonde girl with a wonderful smile , light - ing a clgarotte . the caption under the picture read : continued : 261. 252. 253. 254 . 255 . 257 . 258. 259 . continued ( 2 ) " hor happiest moment . " the camera pan slightly from the inside of the cur as they pass the sign . . ' medium shot - the sign medium shot - inside the car - barry as he jerk he head to look at it , then look at the glowerlng Teddie beside he . medium shot ~ the sign two shot - teddie and barry as he realize that the sign and he passenger be one and the same girl . he grimace -- and thay pass on in siioncs . lap dissolve to : long shot - car as it move down the hishway . medium shot - teddie and parry ~ inside the car Barry look off to the right . medium long shot - another sign identical to the first , as the car pass it . two shot - barry and teddie Barry ( grimly ; with a jerk of he head to the right ) they just lose a customer . Teddie take you a long time to work that one out -- I hope you be happy with it . Barry ( smile ) I like it fine -- I like everything fine except that face up there . continued ; 259 . 260 . 261. 262. continued ( 2 ) Teddie 56 there be only thirty - five hundred of they in the country ) and ten in Alaska . maybe you would like to start a project to take they all down ? Barry that 's too easy a way to become a national horo . Teddie ( miff ) if it hurt that much , why do not you stop the car and let I get out ? Barry I will when I be ready . fade in : fade out . extreme long shot - exterior - a deserted country road it be a fairly wide two - lane hishway . Teddie 's car approach and pull up at a comparatively lonely spot . medium shot - inside the car Barry relax with a sigh of exheustion . Berry okay , miss Miller , now you can holler ' copper ! all you want . Teddie ( angrily ) just let I out -- that 's ali I want . Barry hold on to she for just another minute . '' he be close to she face . Barry ( in a low voice ) go ahead , I will live without you . I have get a job of my own to leok after . and itt a cinch I be not - go to do any more drive with this handcuffs on . it 's kind of tiring ... and I doubt if the police would think it safe . he pause for a moment . closeup - barry and teddie she be strain against he arm . Barry Goodbye , sweotheart . camera pull back , out of the car , as ho let she go , she soramble 263 . 264 . 265 . 266 . 267 . 268. 270 . medium long shot - teddie as she get out of the car and start to walk away gown the road . there be no sign of a car anywhor - . we see she small figure trudging along dow the nonl . she stop twenty yard ahead of the car . long shot - shoot past teddie from a lgw angle we see a car approach in the distance . it roar past Teddie despite she raise arm . medium shot - barry as he pull the hand brake on inside the car , and start the engine . he see to it that the car ia in neutral , then pull out the hand - gas so that the motor '' be run fast . camera follows he as he hop out of the car and lift ' the hood . long shoy - shoot dow ! the highway past teddie from a low angie . another car appear in the distance . toddie raise she hand , thumb point over she shoulder . the car swooshes past she , medium shot - barry as he , bend over though engine , run wide open under the hood . Barry hold the link of he handcuffs close to the spimn fan . thero be a ringing sound as metal touch motal . Ho hop back as one of the fan blade be . break off . long shot o. teddie stand at the side of the highway . another car have just pass she . she be . get frantic . long shot ~ shoot past barry to teddie in the | distance Barry ( shouting ) you must be pretty well lmownm in this part of the country ! medium shot ~ barry as he bend over the motor again . 271 . 272. 275 . 274 , 275 . 276 . art . 278. 279 . close shot - he hand with handcuff hardly a dent have be make in the steel link . medium shot - barry he now hold the handcuffs close to the solid steal wheel , which carry the fan belt , and this time ho be more successful , the terrific friction start to burn through the link . spark fly . closeup - barry he screw up he face with pain as the friction make the steel of hl handcuffs burn hot . long shot ~ teddiz at the side of the highway , as another car come into view im the distance . eddie move out into the road . semi -closeup ~ barry the link be practically at break point . he look up . long shot - shoot past barry a car be slowly stop for Teddie . it pass he with a screeching of brake . medium closeup - barry as the link finally give . the camera follows barry as ho slam dowm the hood and rash back to the car and jwap back into the driver 's seat . long sho ? - shoot past . barry through the windshield '' of the car the other car be just stop for Teddie . it be thirty or forty yard in front of she , and begin to back up . medium long shot - barry car as it race forward and pull up between the halting car and the girl . he come to a dead stop beside Teddie . : 280 , 281. 282. 283. 284 , 285 . 59 medium shot - shoot fast barry as he fling the door open and grab Teddie , jerk she into the car . { wo shot ~ inside the other car ~ elderly man and wife the alderly man , who be drive , shift into first geer again . he look into the rear-view mirror nat Barry 's car , where Teddie be again struggle with Barry . elderly man ( to he wife ) look like a little family row right in the middle of the desert . long shot - shoot fast the elderly woman she turn and see Barry as he drag the girl into the car and , slamm the door , speed away . the camera pan with barry car as it approach and pass the old couple 's car at a terrific rate of speed . elderly iady ( quietly ) Henry , maybe it be not a row they wear have . it look a little more serious -~ maybe that man be a -~ elderly man yes , doar -- I think we should tell the police . fade out . fade in : gloseup - the hood of the car in which Barry and Teddie wear drive . the hood be lift . close shot - the engine of the car wa see by the light tone of discoloration that it have boil over , there be a faint sizzle of steam arise from the radiator . the camera pull back to : medium shot - car we see that it be empty with no sign of either of its occupant . lap dissolve to : - mge 286 . 287 . 288. 60 long shot - exterior - northern california landscape -. ( late evening ) - the sun be set behind the mountain . ' the tiny car in the foreground be the only touch of modernity in this primitive landscape . lap dissolve to : long shot - exterior - northern california mountain landscape - ( nigrt ) in the foreground the highway be shine in the moon - light . two tiny figure come into view , valking along the side of the road . it be Barry and Teddie . medium shot - barry and teddie as they walk along , the camera moving with they . Teddie '' then why do you run avay ? if you be really innecent , you could have answer the charge against you . Barry it be not the evidence . I could have argue with they about that ... it be something more than that . when Ken 's mother seer to think I be guilty -- I just could not take it ... and so I beat it . teddy look at he calmly , disbely . Teddie it seem to I that you only make thing worse by run avaye Barry you do not think thing out that clear when everything 's stack against you . ( he pause , look at she ) you do not trust or believe anything I say , do you ? -- everything 's get to be black and white for you -- doesntt it ?. Teddie do not answer . barr it 's a cinch to ba righteous whon you be not in trouble . teddia you be develop a persecution mania . it will see you a long way on you career as a criminal , continued : 288. 289 . 290 . eol . 292. ol continued ( 2 ) Barry ( roughly ) okay , skip it . I be a sap for aven try to talk to you at all . you be ice all the way throuch ... ( he pause , look at she ) ».e and it 's a cold night . they walk on in silence . Teddie ( a Little bitterly } you have get I all figure out , have not you ? Barry ( walk a little ahead of she now , . disregard hor ) just concentrate on walk . wolve get to make the next town and I be not go to carry you . teddia you will not be ask to . lap dissolve to : medium long shot - shoot down the road we arco a little further up - hill now . Barry be a little way ahead of teddic . he walk towards though camera . : medium shot - barry as he stop and look dovm at the valley below he . lonc shot - shoot past barry at the valley in the moonlight . to the leave and right be high mountain , still cap with snow . the moonlight be reflect everywhore . medium shot - teddie and barry as Teddie arrive at Barry 's side a little out of breath . Teddie ( sarcastically ) what be you stop for ? why , you might lose five minute - ute look at the view . think of it -- five minute . when you be run away , that 's a lot . ( pause ; then cruelly ) you have not get time for look at scenery , you lmow . Barry be look out over the valley . he seem to pay no attention to she . continued : 292. 293. 294 . 295 . 296 . 62 . continued ( 2 ) Barry I be tired of run . it seem like I have be mume for week now , and it 's be less than two day . ( he pause ) for a while , I be remember all the year that I be not run , . teddis soliloquy in though Desert -- you be break my heart . medium shot - shoot past teddie to barry as he look down at she . Barry I would even forget about you . maybe that 's why I be al - most feel good there for a minute . two shot - teddie and barry she be hurt in spite of herself . her eye soften for a moment . Teddie {more softly ) I ask for that . you wero right to lot I have both barrel . itm sorry . Barry ( toughly ) do not go soft -- a little moonlight should not turn you head . ~ Teddie ( try to make friend ) it be not anything as corny as that . Barry ( turn away ) let 's get go . medium long shot - barry and teddie as he walk away from she , Teddie watch he for a moment and then run after hin , two shot - teddie and barry as she arrive at he side . toddio ( with sudden impulsivoness ) where 's it go to get you ? innocent or guilty , where 's it go to get you ? running this way without any hope of ever find a sanctuary . running can not help you . continued : 296. 297 . 298. 299 . 500 . 63 continued ( 2 ) Barry that 's where you be wrong . I may not even have to run vory much farther . a couple hundred mile more , and I will be in Mountain City . and there maybe I will find a guy by the name of fryl and if he 's what I think he ise ... Teddie Mountain City ? be that where we be go ? there be a pause as Barry walk on in silence . teddic they will be wait for you there , too , you know . Barry ( grimly ) I hope they be . Teddie look earnestly at he for a moment . but Barry 's head be turn away . medium long shot - barry . as he walk energetically up the hill . suddenly he stop and turn . long shot - shoot past teddie and barry , down the winding road on the sound track will hear the noise of heavy truck motor , it grow louder . now we can sea the light of a long caravan of truck far away in the distance . it be approach . medium shot = barry and teddie Teddie they be not go very fast , be they ? Barry they be probably about four mile away . Teddie it 's so clear up here , you almost fool you could reach dow and touch they . medium long shot - the caravan move slowly through tree further down the highway . mge sol . 302 . 503 . long shot - barry and teddie in the foreground Barry a fumny rig to be out in the middle of the desert . ab that speed maybe we can hop a ride . lap dissolve to : medium long shot - the SAM place on the road where barry and teddie have stood . the cavalcade be much nearer now , and we see that it be a small circus on the move . there be twelve trucl in all -- the animal cage , half a ferris wheel , horse from the carousel , and several close truck in the rear . there be no sign of Barry and teddic . as the truck move into the shot , we can clearly soe the driver and he mate on the first truck . the camera pan off though cab of the truck to the sido of the road , where , hide from view , we seq Barry and teddy . he have he hand clasped over the girl 's mouth . medium shot ~- shoot up at the truck on the road , barry and teddie in the foreground one op two truck havo pass bofore ho reloaso she , Barry ( in a low voice ) sorry , but I can not take a chance . toddie ( angrily ) you be right , too . for a momont I would almost forgotton -- I 'll. still turn you in the first chance I for . Tho truck aro pass slowly , barely move up though steop grado . Barry T have you figure that way . some scople might have wait ' tll we get inte town before turn I in -- at least , give mo half a chance to do what T 'vo get to do . but not you -- even if you try , you could not give I a break . he take a step towards the road . Barry I be go to ride for a while . come ? . Teddie I would rather spend the night alone on the desert . continued : 303 . , '' 304 , , 305 . '' sé 306 , a B 307 . , 508 . 65 continued ( 2 ) Barry ( move away from she ) suit yourself . I only hope the coyote be not hungry to - night . teddia ( as he move away ) they will be pleasant company after you . medium long shot - truck coming up the road Barry stand at the side of the road , watch then as they pass , look for one on which he can jump . now the last truck be go past . it be a old grey - hound type of coach with a rear platform . medium shot ~ barry as he rus alongside of the truck and jump on to the platforn , Teddie run out after he and stop . at the side of the road . Barry ++e and watch out for the rattlesnake and gila monster ! medium shot - teddie as she stand in though road for a instant , as the vehicle move slowly away from she . a dosperate look come over she face . suddenly , she change she mind and start chase wildly after the bus . medium long shot - teddie as she run after the bus . Barry lean down , and , as she come level with the rear platform , he reach over and swing she up beside he . medium shot - barry and teddie ~- rear platform of bus Barry ( grin ) well , hello . do you get lonely for I already ? teddis hardly . I just want to stay near you so that you can not get away . continued : 508 . 509 . 66 continued ( 2 ) Barry seat himself on the floor of the narrow plat - form , he back propped up against the bus . Ho light a cigarette . Barry wa be go to get a lot of fresh air back here . teakes a deep breath ) like wine in the lung ! Teddie do not answer he . she stand grimly grip the railing , look out at the landscape behind they . Barry sit down . Teddie ignore hin . Barry okay , stand up if you like . only I would hold on tight if I be you . she look over at he norvously and then sit dow . two shot - barry and teddie seated on the platform Barry want my coat ? I want you to look you best when we get to Mountain City . Teddie ( coldly ) no , thank you . Barry grin , and settles himsolf complacently on he tail , we see the door behind they that lead into the coach as it slowly open . but for a momont we can - soo nobody , only the vague , dimly - light interior . suddenly a thin voice grate in they sear : a Voice ( off scene ) what aro you do out thore ? you have no right to be on this bus ! go on ! get off ! Barry and Teddie turn . they see nothing until thoy look down and realize that the door have be open by a midget , wear a dirty old dress gown . the midget now turn and call shrilly towards the inside of the bus . : : midget there 's somebody out here . tramp ! s12. 315 . 67 medium shoy - shoot fast barry as he look through the doorway into what be obviously a travel coach use by the circus performor . a couple of they start up from they recumbent posi- tion . two girl up in front noar the driver continuo sleep , they head together . out of the dimly - light interior , two people come forward into a striking two shot - beard lady and thin man the board Lady be a motherly , middle - age woman in flower dress gown , she hair don in curler . he plump face be soren and normal in every respect , save for a fine , full beard . the man be a extremely thin , cadaverous look person , . obviously a fasting champion . he be eat a huge sandwich . medium shot - barry and teddie in forrground , facfd by beard lady and thin man thin man ( cordially ) ah , stowavay ! in the middle of this desert sea we acquire two more vagabond ... . bedouwin like ourselves , oh , esmor - alda ? boardod Lady ( hereafter call esmeralda ) they do not look so hot to I . '' Barry feel that he must introduce himself . Barry we car break down about twenty milo back . we startod walk . nobody would pick we up ... then , on the incline , when you bus slowed dovm , we hop on . all we need ig a lift to the next . town . two shot - esmeralda and the thin man the midget push past they , stick he head out . midget break down , eh ? we do not pass no wreck on the highway . the midget withdraw he head again and disappear into interior of the bus . 514 . 315 . 316 . sl7 . medium shot - to include group Barry and Teddie on the platform in foreground . Barry we be off on a side road . esmeralda pettint : party , eh? that 's nice . thin man ( reproachfully ) esmeralda , everywhere you search for sex . get you eyd out of the mud -- and look up at the star . they be young people .. , esmeralda ai not that what I say ? '' Barry hey - whoa , lady . iwas just give miss Miller a lift . esmeralda well -- thatis what I .... two shot - barry and teddie vrom esmeralda's ancre Barry her uncle be one of my best friend . I think we would try a short cut a truck driver tell mo about . it do not worl out so well .... ( he try to be cheerful ) but we have okay now -- I hope . medium shot - the whole group the thin man in the midst of misfortune , youth carry a light heart . that be to be reward . come in , come in . esmoraida withdraw , and the thin man usher Barry and Teddie into the interior of the bus . medium long shot - shoot from front of bus backward as Barry and teddy enter . the midget be somawhore in the foreground , although it be too dark for he to be see cloarly at the moment . midget get 'om out ! get them out of hore ! continued : - s17 . '' s18 . 319 . 520 . 321 . 69 continued ( 2 ) one of the girl who be sleep in the front part of the van awaken , her head be raise into though fora - ground . first girl ( sleepily ) what go on ? the other girl also awaken . second girl how about a little quiet ? I be not have enough sleep for a week , medium shot - thin man , barry and teddie stand in the rear of the bus . thin man . that 's because you lead a frivolous life <= both of you ! ( he twen to Barry ) ' it 's shocking to find how egocentric the world really be . how little it care for the other follow !ts trouble . even freak be normal in that respect . medium shot - from barry angie - shoot up toward front of bus a man 's Voice aw , shut up ! another Voice where do you get off talkin ! of freak ? medium shot - barry , teddie , thin man , and esmeralda they sit dowm on various seat ' somewhere in the rear of the bus . esmeralda now ... snow ... medium shot - reverse angie someone light a lantern . we now can ase the occupant of the bus more clearly . : midget . yeah , that kinda ' gab be not gonna get this tramp off ! . mge 522. $ 23 , 324 . 325 . 326 . 327 . 70 medium long shot - the whole bus from side angle thin man why should they get off ? how be you shrivel litti > life enhance by throw shine , carefree youth cut into the night ? midget : I want them off of here ! I cantt sleep with them sittin ! there outside ! they might come in and rob we «- kill we ! two shot - barry and teddie she be frighten , but Barry be determine to stay on . Barry ( grimly ) we only want a ride . that do not seem like such a lot to ask ... . medium shot - rear half of bus to include barry , teddie , thin man , esmeralda and midget esmeralda it , do seem kind of lousy to throw this kid off right here . : : liddget : ido not care . I have get a contract . it provide for safe transportation ! get tem off or I will sue ! medium long shot - shoot backward from front of bus as the midget turn and start towards the camora . suddenly , from far in back of they the faint whine of police siren be hear . all be rivete for a moment . no one movea . medium long shot - exterior - shoot back over three rear buse two motorcycle policeman , approach from the distance flash by the bus and slow down at the head of the caravan . medium shot - interior - rear bus there be a slight jerk as the whole caravan come to a abrupt halt . someone douse the light . the whole interior of the bus be again in semi-darkness . 528 . 529 . 330 . s31 . 532 . 333. 71 semi -closeup - barry his face be tense . a Voice ( one of occupant of bus ) the cop ! what be they do here ? . ' another Voice yeah , what do they want ? first Voice who be they look for ? Barry 's face be strain . he move towards the center of the floor . camera pan with . he and pull back to : medium shot - barry he now stand in the center of the floor of the bus , and look grimly around the group . medium shot ~ from barry angle camera pan around the group , from face to face . semi -long . shot - barry as he hold out he manacle hend . Barry ( grimly ) I , . I guess . the whole group be startle . medium shot - thin man , esmeralda , and midget the thin man move forward murmure incredulously : thin man the carefree youth -- and he 's get handcuffs on ! esmeralda you be one swell judge of human nature . closeup - the midget his eye seem to pop out of he head . midget crook ! I tell youl e@ 334 . 335 - 556 . 337 . 338 . 72 medium long shot - interior of bus there be general excitement . medium shot . - barry he face all of they . Barry just a minute . you can all take it easy . I have not steal anything ; I have not kill anybody , so relax ! be a sucker 's a crime , but it should not scare anybody to death ! we see esmeralda as she move to the rear door and peer out of the bus . medium long shot - esmeralda's head in f.g. - shoot along the outside of the whole caravan other head be be poke out of the various have - hicle along the line . : we see the two policeman as they begin they examina - tion , in the extreme distance , start at the be - gin and move down the line of truck . ' they be still a good quarter of a mile awaye a third policeman be hurry down towards the camora . camera pan with he as he take up he post some fifty yard behind the last wagon == presumably to prevent escape in that direction . medium shot '' inside the caravan' last bus everyone be jabber at once <= the midget be hear above all the other . midget what be you wait for ? do you all want to be impli - cate ? call the cop and turn thom over ! medium closeup - thin man he be sit despondently on one of the beda . thin man - I have always pride myself that never yet have I serve ag a instrument of the police . mge 339 . 3540 . 341 . 342 . s43. medium shot - interior of bus the two girl who be sleep in the front of the bus have rise . ' they be stand side by side in they dress gowns , but so far have express no opinion . now they speak up , in volce that be strangely identical . first girl . the little guy 's right . we ought to turn they in . second girl I be with the skinny guy . let ‘em ride ! medium shot - man in front of bus man furn tem in ! we do not want no trouble . medium shot - very large lady with tear drip down she face . she be look towards Teddie . fat Lady a young girl turn over to the cepper ! it remind I of my little sister the first time she go wrong . medium long shot - exterior ~- shoot forward along the line of truck the policeman move towarda the camera . '' they board the truck next to the one occupy by Barry and teddis . medium shot - inside truck the thin man be stand in the center of the floor , speak : . thin man in this situation I find a parallel for the present world predicament . we stand defeat at the outset . you , esmeralda , have sympathy , yet you be willing to remain passive and let the inevitable happen . I have a belief , yet iam tempt to let myself be overrid by force . the rest of you - with the exception of this malignant jerk here , arc ignorant of the fact and , therefore , confuse .... 344 . 345 . 546 . 547 . 348. 74 medium closeup - the midget : he rise and shout angrily . midget jerk , be 1t ? just because I be on the side of the law ! ' that 's a hot one ! I know why youtre anxious to help this crook ...- ( point to thin man ) because you be a ex-crook yourself ! ie all know how you get to be a thin man ! Hunger atrike at alcatraz ! medium shot ~ interior of truck the thin man 1s stand in the center . thin man you small body , it seem , contain a even smaller soul ! he turn and go back to he place . esmeralda azain look out of the rear door . her head come back in . several voieca in the front of the bus be hear ex - claim : volee look out ! they be come ! cavera pan down the interior of the truck past the frighten face of all the circus performer and end ina : two shot - barry and trddie Teddie , in bewilderment , have rise to she foot . there be a moment of silence . medium shot - esmeralda and the thin man she 1s determine to act . she rise to she foot . . esmeralda well -- what will we do ? thin man take a vote . this be a representative democracy . the will of the majority must be observe . closeup - the midget midget no vote ! I be against voting ! eo 349 . 350 . 351 . s52 . - 353. ms 75° : medium shot - thin man as he turn contemptuously on the midget . thin man fascist ! medium shot - esmeralda as she decide to take over . she take the floor and rap on the side of one of the bunk . esmeralda silence ! I be gonna run this show ! so everybody 's get a right to say what he think ~- I will just ask all around . medium shot - thin man thin man the question before the house ... medium shot - esmeralda esmeralda : you shut up ! it 's this way . do we turn this kid over to the cop ~~ or do we hide tem in here ? she turn to one of the two sister in the front part of the bus . esmeralda Lucy , what do you say ? two shot - lucy and henrietta Lucy rise . simultaneously , henrtetta be see to rise . Lucy I be for keep tam . esmeralda ( off scene ) and you , henrietta ? henrietta take a violent step forward , compelling she sister to accompany she . we now realize , for the first time , that they be siamese twin . henrietta bounce them , and keep out of trouble . @ 354 . 355 . 356 - 357 . 358. 359 . 76 medium shot - esmeralda she now turn towards the back of the bug . esmeralda Henry and lily , whadda you say ? man' . Voice ( off scene ) out. closeup - PAT lady she be still in tear . Pat Lady keep them . medium shot - esmeralda she look around thoughtfully . esmeralda thing be still pretty even around here . how about you , midge ? medium closeup - the bxcite midget : midget you know what I think . Hand them over and hand them over fast , and if you do not .... medium shot - esmeralda she rap loudly on the side of the bunk . esmeralda silence ! : the midget subside . esmeralda ( to thin man ) Mr. Jones ? medium shot - shoot past esmeralda t0 include thin man thin man I be for maintain the status quo . let them stay - esmeralda ( a little confuse ) firty -fifty . mge 360 . 361 . 362. 363. 77 closeup - fat lady as she burst into a new storm of tear . fat Lady just like the jury the first time my brother go wreig . camera pan to the thin man . thin man that put it up to you , esmeralda . and , beforo voting , mar '' I remind you , my dear , that you owe I the sum of fourteen doliar and .... semi -closeup - the midget midget - that be not get nothing to do with it ! medium shot - esmeralda as she stand in the middle of the bus , glower at everyone . esmeralda silence ! outside the voice sre hear approach . the police be in the next truck now . there be a tense feel in the bus as esmeralda begin to speak . esmeralda . now then , I be not voting for the fourteen buck I owe Mr. Jones , and I be not voting for my own safety . none of that 's gonna swing I one way or the other . while you have be gab , all of you , I have be use my eyo , and I have see gomsth here that 's pretty swell ... ( she pause ) ++ eI have see a deme stick to a fellow when thing be tough -- a good-look damc , too ! that 's something you do not see every day of the week , and when you do , it 's so . good it 's just gotta be make to last . {another pause ) so , I be voting to let them stick ! medium shot - esmeralda and thy other principal in the scene , thin man hear , hear ! the bus be now fill with various reaction . 78 364 . two shot - barry and teddie Barry ( move ) thanks . teddy have not speak . she turn she head away . 365 . medium long shot - interior of bus it be now fill with activity , direct by esmeralda esmeralda back in you place , everyone . you , young fellow , get und : that seat and hide . the midget stand aggressively in esmeralda 's way . midget you be not gonna get away with this ! thin man in a emergency the minority must suffer -~ a historical precedent . grab he , ssmeralda ! 366 . medium shot - midget as the thin man and hsmeralda grab he , clap they hand over he mouth . 's camera pan with then as they convey he to the rear of the bus . Barry , meanwhile , get down and roll under one of the bunk , the one occupy by the siamese twin , who now settle down again . esmeralda come back towards the rear of the bus after dispose of the midget . she goss over to teddis . esmeralda get down in that corner , and pretend to be asleep . that go for all of you . Close you aye . 567 . close shot - teddie she do not know whether to protest or not . Teddie oh , all right . mge mge 368. 369 . 370 . 371 . 372 . 373. s74 . 79 medium long shot - shoot toward the rear of the bus : everything be peaceful and dark . there be a v knock at the door . esmeralda push it open . medium closeup - esmeralda as the sharp light of flashlight strike she facs . she yawn convulsively . esmeralda ( groan ) what do you want ? who be you anyway ? Voice ( behind flashlight ; curtly ) Police . esmeralda well ? that do not give you no right to wake we up in the middle of the night . we be law-abide -~--~ medium shot - exterior bus - two policemen one of they take over in a businesslike manner . first policeman we be look for a young man and he companion ~ name of Barry Ford . [ tair hair , six - foot -one , age twenty - four . we information lead we to believa that they be travel on this road . have you see any trace of they ? medium shot ~ esmeralda ~- shoot past policemen esmeralda naw . medium shot - insidz the rear end of bus one of the policeman shine he light inside the bus . it go along the wall , and stop on : closeup - face of thin man he blink into it . there be the blank , foolish look on he face of a man recently awaken out of 4 deep sleop . medium long shot - interior of bus - shoot past the policeman as he flashlight move along , lighting up the various inmate , who be apparsntly asleap . finally the light stop on a : s75 . s76 . 377 . 378 . 379 . mge well ? we will all go to fail closeup ~ teddie she be svate in the corner near the door , wide - aywal sae stare into the lign . policeman 's Voice ( off scene ) what about you ? teddy pause . she do not anawer . policeman 's Voice ( off scene ) teddy ( bravely ) I have not see anything . - medium shot - to include polichmen and rear part of bus the second policeman ia watch Teddie suspicious ] esmeralda inturezpt hia glance . she turn she facs towards weddio . and yawn . a medium closeup ~ ysddiz as she follow esmeralda 's example and yawn widely . two shot - polichiin ~ outside ten bus first policeman they be groggy . let them go back to slecp . they do not know nothing . the first policeman slam the door and they retire , satisfied . medium long shot ~ ingerior of bus the midget tcar himself loor suddenly , aad run towards the door , shouting . he be stop suddenly by Barry 's arm that appear cut from under the bunk and pull he down . there be a moment of tonge wait , and then the roar of the start motorcycle reassure evoryone . tha caravan jerk into movement . Barry come out from under the bunk . the thin man and the midget resume they altercation . midget '' and you be to biame for most of it ! thin man. nobody 's go to jail ! continued : not 379 . 380 . 381 . 382. sas . 384 . 81 continued ( 2 ) they be separate by esmeralda . esmeralda aw , shut up ! the both of you ! medium long shot - shoot up toward the front of the bus voice of siamese twin ( in chorus ) pipe down ! cut it out a semblance of peace be now restore as the inmate of the bus settle down for the night . : medium closeup ~ teddie she be alone in she corner . suddenly she begin to sob desperately . the thin man and esmeralda bend over she . ' helr face show concern . eameralda hey , dearie , what 's the matter ? thin man the poor child . nervous exhaustion . ' medium shot ~- barry camera pan with he as he cross and sit down on the floor beside Teddie . . Barry I will take care of she . medium shot - esmeralda and thin man esmeralda realize what it 's all about . . esmeralda ( take the thin man 's arm ) come on , Mr. Jones , we will go and make some coffee . two shot - barry put he arm around Teddie . Barry you be swoet - darn sweet . Teddie it be so awful -- and I be so scared ... and now i'm be a sissy . continied : 384 . '' '' '' - '' e@ '' 385 . 386 . > '' 387 . > 388. 82 continued ( 2 ) Barry no , you be not . you be just tired . fry to sleep . Teddie I know now that I could never turn you in --. in a way I be giad it 's happen like this . I have come to believe you . Teddie rest she head on he shoulder . for a momant they be silent . Barry 's eye be on she face . Barry «+e and I be sorry ... about all the thing I say back there on the road . i'did not mean half of they . Teddie ( mumble , half asleep ) which half ? Barry we will forget all about it . Teddie ( nodd ) I think we will . she close she eye . Barry look at she for a moment , then he lean towa rose she . his lip brush she cheek . feddie pretend to be asleep . we see , however , that she be smile faintly . lap dissolve to : long shot - caravan as it rumble through the night . medium shot - driver of last cab his eye be fastened on the road . camera move past he down through the interior of the bus . everyone be asleep . medium shot - teddie and barry she be asleep in he arm . medium shot - the driver as he turn quickly to avoid a rock in the road . I 389 . 83 ° two shot - barry and teddie the sudden jolt cause she to open she eye . she look around slowly to see whether Barry ia asleep . they eye meet . Barry i hello . Teddie ( whisper ) hella . ( pause ) you be very comfortable . ( pause } be not you arm about to come off ? . Barry ( grin ) no , my arm 's have a wonderful time . do you sleep well ? Teddie I have dream ~~ very complicated one . Barry ( grin ) be I in any of they ? feddie ( shaking she head ) unh-unh . just esmeralda and the thin man . he be dance with I -- wo , I be wrong . you be in the dream . you . be dance with the bearded Lady : Barry she have a right to one dance . she save my neck . Teddie dontt let gratitude carry you too far . Barry . I will not . I dontt like people use my razor . teddy that 's mean . Barry you have get to think of this thing . Teddie I think they be very nice - both esmeralda and the thin man . Barry so do i. some day we will take he out and faod he for a whole week . teddile hetll lose he job . Barry well , then he could come and stay with we . 390 . 391 . ob -. , : not we ? 84-5-6 closeup - teddie as she look up quickly . Teddie medium shot ~- shoot forward inside the dimly - lit 2s a voice be raise in a loud whisper . Voice quiet , please ! two shot - barry and teddie Barry ( incredulously ) they want to sleep -- I can not understand it . Teddie T can . she close she eye , then open they slowly and look at Barry . he be sit up wide -awake , not even try to sleep . . Teddie go to sleep ... Barry iocantt . I tell you that . Teddie not comfortable ? Barry ( happily ) very . Teddie ( a little suspiciously ) I will move . Barry oh , nol please do not ! do not move . do not ever move ! Teddie ( disgust ) you be be silly . good-night . there be a long pause . she close she eye . Barry , a little bolder now , kiss she on the forehead again . Teddie good-night . Barry ( quietly ) good-night . fade out . be 393 pw 394 '' > 95 > - e@ b > : , 396 kt 87 pade £ extreme long shot - i utlipul landscape scrne the road be far down below , oc see the cirov caravan , move like a tiny snake , medium show - driver' cab of bs a new man be drive , Tho other one be asleep , he head against the side window , camera pais tnougi the interior of the bus . nveryone be still aslecp gespite the fact that it be already light . two ghot - barry and teddig they be both asleep , they head close together , streak of sunlight pess over they face . Barry awaken , Ho look down at the sleep face of Teddie close to hk try not to move , he kiss hor lightly , he smile . satisfied wi th bingsoif hac not waken hor . Ho docide to iiss she of rain , she look up at he and siile , teddis be I snore ? serpy no , sleep lile a baby , teddio stretch , hor amis pass in front of Barry 's faco , he kiss go of hor hand . she louk over at he quickly , sha closc hor sye again , smile up apainst Barry , without move , Barry raise the shade on the window near he head , co that hs can sco tne pass country . camera shoot past barry ont of the window , a sign post comss into view . it be onc of the kind that have three ov four name on it with arrow point in the saine direction , ountain City be the second name on though sign -- four wilus away , off to the right . to shot - barry and teddie Barry draw though shado shut again , Hu waita a instant , and then gontly shakos though girl , teddia not a mimito !s nosas , Barry I ™m sorry , you bed pot off at though next stop , continued : 396 307 contiuved ( 2 ) Teddie ( with a start ) what ? and I go or. alone ? . Barry sure , Teddie I do not want to . Barry listen . there 's something I must do , Teddie 3o toikmow , that 's why itm poing with you . have to wateh you , remember ? Barry ( protest ) prom here on in there 's no tell what will hapven . peddie oh , that 's silly . do not be so heroic . I might . be nseful , ( she pause ) I have be good so far , have not I ? Barry ( cnthusiastic ) better than thet ! Teddie then why do you want to get rid of I ? Barry because I be scared , medium shot .- teddie and barry in F ,g , up vhs interior of the bus Teddie ( loudly ) that settles it , you have take I with you . - shoot 2 i t thoir argue have wakencd the other people in the bus . the thin man and esmeralda look incuiringly across at thom . Teddie notice they . she get up and straighten she ruffle clothes . teddise good morning . esmeralda do you sleep well , dearie ? 398 399 400 401 kt 89 two shop - 3. and sseddiu reddic ( loclring quickly at Barry ) very well , ( she hesitates ) we be get off now , medtum sho - inverion of 3us esmeralda right now ? Barry itm afraid so , iemeralda why dontt you 's on and pide -- have breakfast with we ... ( she siile ) ' ese maybe join the show , vayry as a escave arbist ? poddie ( attempt to get away ) we will never forget what you do vor we =- all of you . perhaps somo day we will have of eine to get even , Teddie tate Barry 's arm possessaively , sarey yeah , to - + will -- will not forret it . yno shot - quin man and ssmeralda thin man - a touch farewell and a rare demonstration of female courage and devotion , asmeralda ( tired ) the old applesauce again . medium sho ? - interior of 3us asmeralda Goodbye , kid , ( separately , to Barry ) take care of hor , you ! shet olay ! Barry nod shoscpishly , Barry yeah -- I mow , iap dissclye to ; 402 ° , @ > 408 , > 404 > 405 -@ 5 '' 406 . '' 407 408 '' kt put I in , coach , 90 exyreme long shot - shoot dorn tire road we see the bus in the distance , and the two tiny figure of Barry and Teddie as they jwap off the back of the bus . we can ses the thin man and esmorald stand on the rear platforn of the pus , wave goodbye , the bus start off with a jeri , leave ' the two small figure on the side of the highway alone , dissoive to : medium shot - sign the sign read : " mountain CITY - 2 mile " medium long shoy -. barry and teddie as they walk along a country road through the custy inorna , medium shot - barry D teddie as they walk along . Barry ( shaking he head ) well , I guess you have make though team , Teddie ( flex the muscle of she arm ) Barry nhen we get to Mountain City , while itm out look for pry , you get we a car , closeup - tedoie teddic have you get any monoy ? closeup ~ barry Barry have you ? medium show - barry and thddir Teddie kt 408 409 . o1 continued ( 2 ) they walk along in silence for a moment , Barry 's face be grave , deep in think , he stride slong so fast that he almost lose Teddie , she have to ren in order to catch up with he , she take he hand and pull he down to a slower pace , Teddie hey , youtve get awful serious all of a sudden , Barry sorry . Teddie I suppose get so close to the end of it slow you up , Barry I wonder if it be the end , she look up at he inquiringly . he go on , Barry . as long as it be just fry , it be simple «- all I have to do be find he and take he back to l.a , I be think only of myself -- but now , iw er -- maybe there 's more to it than that . a man like this tobin , for instance -= a gay with a swim pool -- whatts he do in this ? what 's he after ? . peddie ( the typical woman ) do not think about it , wait ttle you come to ite : Barry . any minute now , medium long shot - barry and teddiw as they trudge on . medium closeup - barry and tednie Teddie ( brightly ) I know what it go to do with my next thirty minuto , Barry what ? Teddie it start with orange juice . Barry Breakfast ? teddy tt will not hurt you either . when do you eat last ? compt mo : 411 be i we kt continued ( 2 ) Barry ( pause a monent ) at you uncle 's , yesterday afternoon , Teddie be that yasterday ? they walk on for a bit . Teddie I be have cream of wheat , what 's . yours ? Barry cornflake for I , Teddie all right . hoy do you want you egg -- fry , scranble , or boil ? Barry ( the proud glutton ) itm have steak , teddio , : wonderful idea ! make mine medium rare -- and tell the chef to hurry . : Barry french fries on the side ... . Teddie Waffles for I , and be sure the coffect hot -~ and toast and marmalade -- oh , and waiter ... ( she give Barry a quick look ) give the chock to Mr , fry , lap dissolye to : tio shct - barry and teddie they ave look past the camera , then they 's two head swing back and they look at each other . with amaze expression , medium long shot - low angle - sfooting past 3 arry and teddte at a sign post . rusty with age , bear the word : '' mountain CITY " Beyond it we see a fow develict shack and the vork - ing of a surface mine , thoro be no sign of lifo anywhere , eap dissolve to : 413 U a14 '' '' 41 '' e , 416 d '' ‘417 pooy , wy '' ke 93 long shot - to tiny figure of barry and teddin in pf . G , . as they look down on the derelict mining town . lap dissolvr to : long shot - there two figure in f.g. stand much nearor , stare at the gustncover , half - wreck shack , lap dissolve to : medium long sii0t - barry and teddie in pvg , outside the large of the shack , there isa fade , half - break sign that read : " mountain CITY mining compaiy " the place be a shamble , half - ~ break down roote , atc . Barry and Teddie ga fomard slowly , calera follows they as they cross the threshold into what seem to have be the outer office of a mining company . it give the appearance of have be leave at a moment 's notice . ' there be some rusted offica equip - ment lie around , some yellow , mouse~eaten papers , two shot - barry and teddi2 he attempt to grin at she , we can see that he ig try to hide he disappointment , Barry T guss we breakfast be not ready yot . teddy " maybe it spoiled , wait for we . cahera pan with barry , as ho move to a calendar on the wall . we look at it sadly , the date be : " jamary 1 , 1923 " medium shot - barry and teddie teddy we be a little late ] Barry sorry , darling . I imew E should not have take you alonr , . conytniod 118 419 420 423 | 94 continued ( 2 ) peddie ( bravely ) Im net complain . there be a pause as they look sround discouscistely , closaup - a greag @ worn -lookdtg 2agt as it appear suddenly in camara 2 S back , PA scurriss across the floor , iv commer of ths room , 2 tre rat as it medium shot - balhy and teddie Barry seize a misty paperweight from the counter and huris it st the it erash a , miss its target . Barry nuttore soi i toddie look worrdodly + she move over to the counter , loan« soon the gusiv suyfaco , and lock at Barry , two bcp ~ larry and wy yeddie eey , do not lose control . subside } sorry . I be untae on '' this place . this be where I be go to vind iy alibi , teddis you come closc , closaup - 3 arry Barry ( bit yeah , close ... a desert '' from nowhere , tz have not ac mile medium shot - teddie be el be teddic have cross the ercake floor and be look out of the window , Barry see anything ? taddio not a thing . ( sho turn back to he ) whero do we go from hero ? continued : 95 v2 ( conyinued ) 2 @ Barry ( bitterly ) > - back , past all that swoll scencry again , we ought to make the highway by uight . teddy and - then what ? Barry '' you have get I , 425 medium shot - new angle , shootiug toward wz door as s5arry and Teddie start to leave , they be bring '' to a sudden halt as the silence be break by a amazing sound -~ the pinging of a telephone bell , they look at each other in amagenent , . . 424 medium shot - reverse angte , shoot past barry and '' teddie there be no sign of a telephone anywhere , Barry move across the room , the bell ving again . Barry turn , the bell ring again , louder this time , 425 medium closeup - barry and teddie he follow the sound to a small door at the far end of the room , peddie be begide he , he point to the door handlo . . d 426 closeup ~ door handie although the face of the handle be dull and tarnish like all the other metal in though room , though outer edge > of the imob be shiny with use , the bell ring again , obviously inside the door , Barry 's hand cone into the scon , and ssize the kmob and turn it -- but the door be lockud , ' the phone continue to ving . b 427 medium shot - barry and teddie the door be to the right . thore be 2 break window near the door , with a kiek , bavry clear the window of break glass , and hop outside , kt 428 429 abo 4 % 433 96 medium shot - barry - outside the shack he soe that the window of the room that hold tre mystery of the tlephone havo no glass , bub that th blind be draw . ie release the catch of the blind and hop inside , push he way past they . medium shot - interior of second room Barry be just help Teddie through the window . they turn . reverse angle - prom there viswpoint thoy find themselves in a small room , which bear distinct sisn of occupancy . amera fan around ths room . in one corner be pile case , which appcar to contain soue kind of merchandise . there ere magazine lie around . . medium ! clossup - barry as he turn back to the window . he notice something queer about the blind , one of they have a hol in it . closeup - the slind the hole in it be not a accidental tear , but a deliberate cut hole about nine inch in diameter , medium shot - shoot past barry at teddie she have discover though phone . g-ly partly hide under a tear - down curtain , teddis here it be . Barry cross to she and pick up the receiver . Barry hello ? -- they hang up . he return the receiver to its placa , medium shot - the blind in f.g. as barry approach reverse angle - barry as he glance through the hole in the blind , '' let assea 436 437 438 439 440 441 long shot - hountal the pot Thi tay bo- trough closhup - barry as ho straighten , Barry ( sarcastically ) room with a view , Teddie 's Voice ( excitedly ; off scene ) hey , look at this ! : . medium shot - barry as he cross to teddy , Barry ( as he stoops over a tripod ) maybe we can tivo this . medium shot ~ barry and tsddie she straightena , yeddie ( sarcastically ) just what I have be long for -- a bit of fry tripod . Barry have pick the thing up and be adjust it . Barry ( hand it to she ) here , hold this . medium long shot - the room Barry 1s obviously excited . he search the room , come up soon with a long case , contain a telescope , he cross to toddie . Barry ( grin ) now , we be cooking with gas -- ginme , . medium shot - barry and teddiz , she hand he the tripod . he quickly mount the telescope , point it dircetly at the hole in the blind , and insert it through the hole , he look through it , long shot - through telescope at first , everything be blurred , but as Barry focus it , will get a sweeping view of mountain landscape , the telescope come tu a stop on a huge , white stone structure , tower over the surround valley , many mile away , it look like one of the great now dam , kt 4428 aas 444 e bp ce 98 medium shot - barry as he look through the telescope , Teddie be stand at he side . Barry give a long , low whistle . Teddie what be 16 ? Barry do not answer , sho push he oub cf the vay e Teddie let I see , she look through the telescope , then straighten , startle , . geddie do you think ... Barry ( detach teloscope ) I do not know . put it away , will you ? medium long shot ~ interior of room Teddie goss to a corner of the room , and replace the telescope in its positior , Barry be fold up the tripod , he straighten and heppens to turn baci to the blind , we look agein through the open . close shot - open in the dilind we see the face of a man , look in . it be with - draw , ond then another face lool in , medium shot - interior of room we hear footstep . Barry look quickly over to ' eddie , Barry they do not see you . you would better get in the other room , camera pan ith they , as he crosseg , unlock the door for she , and , after she have pass , hastily close it . medium shot - sarry as he turn to face the other door which be about to be open , 447 medium shot - shoot past barry to the door there be the rattle of a key and two man enter . one 4s a middlceage man wear , high boot and breccias and a khalti color shirt . lodk like a engineer of some kind . ( neilson ) the other be dross in city clothes - a lounge suit and a light raincoat over he be , ( schneider they face show groat concor xt Barry 's presenco . neilson ( orusquely ) how do you get in here ? 448 medium shot - reverse angle - barry he cause for a momont , Barry hello . ( he look both man full in the face ) through the window , 449 medium shot - barry in foregrouhd he face both man , ‘ine sharp look man in the city clothes , schneider , be look Barry over nervously . schneider where you from ? what be you suck around here for ? Barry notice that the man have a newspaper in he pocket , Ho step over to he and without answore take the paper out of he pocket , 450 insert : front page of newspaper there be a large picture of Barry and a briof description of he , a banner headline read : " airplane saboteur hunted in desert " medium closeup - barry and the two men if a po Barry fold the paper and hand it back to schneider , the two man examine it and look into Barry 's hee for confirmation . schneider ( toughly ) how do you know about this place ? Barry do not answer , kt continued : kt 451 452 . 453 loo continued ( 2 ) neilson ( angrily ) what do you want to come here for ?. you want to lead the cop right to we front door ? Barry 's tone and posture be confident : Barry no cop . I shook tem a couple of hundred mile back . ( he pause ) now it 's my turn to ask question . who be you ? medium shot - barry and the to tien Barry 's expression do not change . Barry all right - which one of you be neilson ? again the man hesitate . then neilson answer : hoilson Tam , how would you lmow my namo ? Barry ( curtly ) tobin . Ho tell I anout this place . Te say neilson would hide I out ~~ maybe help I make a break for the East . two shot - heilsou and schneider schneider ( repeat ) tobin ... medium shot - barry and the two men Barry ( to neilson ) yeah ( he jork he head in the direction of schneider ) but he never say anything about he - who 's he ? schneider ( nervously ) schneider , I be from the East , Barry ( disregard schneider ; to neilson , in a flat voice} : if he 's not okay you will take the rap , now let 's go -- I have baen hore long enough . Tho trip here be no push - over ~ I have to hoof it most of though way , so let 's b00 455 k 456 '' 457 b 453 '' 's a 459 B 460 | 's 101 medivil closeup ~- teddie ow ofhex side of door ag sho listen intently , ler face reveal that che pelicve Barry to bo a sabotcour after all , medium shot - barry and the tho rv . nellson itve get no placo to hide you out , talcing caro of guy when the host 's on be not in wy lino . clossup - barry wo sce that he be think hard . he look at the two man , medium closeup - barry as he step up to the two man . Barry ( with grow oxcitomont ) tt!s not in you linc} ( he tum to schneider ) how about you ? I suppose you be etrietly the brain ? or do you take a chanco one in a whilc , too «= just for laugh . or uaybo that be not 4 ay it worke -- maybe itm the only guy that stick he not out , yoah ~ way out . ( ho stop for a moment , he voiee drop ; thon monacingly ) just get this straight . itve do a big job and thoy ! be aftor I - it 's up to you guy to tako care of mo , yeah - and do it right -- or clse you might have a little trouble of you own . : two shot ~ schneider and neilson neilson ( alarmed ) hoy , take it casy -+ do not go off half - cocked like that , hang on to you norve , medium shot - barry and oa to mew Barry I havo beon hang on -- I have boon hang on lone enough . schncidor look norvously at Barry . Tho cxtromo oxcitemont of the young man frighten he , schneider I know -- I lmow youtv bo through sone protty difficult thing , all though more reason , for you safety as voll as ours , that you kecp you nerve at this moment . continued : kt 0 102 continued ( 2 ) neilson yeah , take it easy . schneider ( disregard he comrade ) be you sure the police have not trail you here ? Barry ( mumble ) I do not think so , ( his expression become more intense ) we have get to get out of here . for a instant schneider hesitates , his sharp oye aro watch Barry carefully . he dose not tale then off Barry 's face when he speak to neilson , schneider get the thing together , you will not be come back here , neilson why not ? whatt wrong with this place ? he say he shook the cop . schneider it say you ava not come back hore , neilson where be I go to find another place with enough room to store all this stuff ? . ( he jerk he head toward the vague mass of box in the cornsr ) schneider ( softly ) that 's you job , if you can not handle it itm get somebody else , neilson ( sulk ) : tocan handle it all right , only some day when you give I the word to move the stuff in a hurry -- schneider itll give you plenty of timo , ( turn to Barry ) wetll be drive East -- start immediately . you company will ba a relief - the trip be rather tedious , he take Barry 's arm , camera pan with they as they move toward the door , schneider you might give the young man one of you suit , neilson , and a hat , ul present outfit be hardly appropriate , Barry ( grin ) size 42 , ( he hold he wrist out toward schneider ) how about that ? continued : 460 '' e 461 > '' 462 '' e@ 's 463 p 464 > 465 kt 103 continued ( 3 ) schneider how do you manage to break thom ? . Barry on the fan of a car , closeup - barry wrist with the sover handcuffs hang , the fincer of one hand point to the burnt skin on the other wrist , Barry 's Voice ( off scene ) it get sort of hot , medium shot - barry and thr tho men they be move slowly toward the door , sehnoider that be very incenuous of you . wath gst they off at noilson 's housc , schneider stop and point off to the right toward the door behind which Teddie be hide , : schneider where do that door lead to ? neilson dust a empty room . it 's another way oute neilson cross , move toward the camera , medium shot - neilson as ho throw open the door , hs step through , schneider and Barry follow hin , medium shot - the adjoining room . the door lead outside be hang off its hinge , the room be empty . the mon enter , Barry look around in bewilderment , there be no sign of teddiec , cambra pan with the men as they move through the room and stop out through the onen door , medium long shot - shoot out of thr shacck the two men.and Barry move towards a park cara short distance behind the shack , we see they as they get into the car and drive owby '' ey 104 465 continued ( 2 ) camera pan around the room to the door behind which / we seo Teddie , white and shake , she be stare in the direction of the open door , fade 0 ug , -- fade in : '' 466 medium long shot - interior of a SMALL office thero fs a desk in the corner and several chair . at the desk we sce Teddie busily engage in devour a meal of coffeo and sandwich , which she toke from a tray on the corner of the deak , & she look worried and pale . through a half - open door on the leave , we hear a voice finish a telephone call , we hear the . phone béing bung up , then a - thin , elderly man come in and seat himself at the desk begido hor , 467 medium shot - reverse 5 , shoot pasy teddie to ' the sheriff he be the simple hick type with a star on he vest eo and a large six - gun in a holster , when he speak he hook he thumb in he belt and lean back in he chair . . sheriff well , fact be , I just speak to tem up at headquarters , > they sure tnuff appreciate you callin ' in here and lettint tem lnow ..e : 468 closeup - teddie > sherifft voic ( off scene , continue ) . eesabout this fellow , Ford , the mention of Barry 's name soem to shock Teddie slightly , ' she be in love with he , the whole businssa of turn he over to the police make , she nervous and unhappy . she start to say something . 469 medium shot - teddie and sheriff sheriff ( go right on in he whinc ) fact ig , though -- it might be kinda difficult gettin ! a line on this fellow -- now that thoy're on the movowe . that 's why , when I tell the chief you be go to how yoxk pretty soon , he kinda wonder if you could not wake it right away , so that maybe you would be there for the identifyin ' ... , fact be , thoy ask for you to go right now -- today , '' '' at aqh 472 473 474 476 477 105 closeyp - teddie as she start to speak , Teddie why , I + + medium shot - both - favoring sheriff sheriff that 's good , so all you have gotta do ig let I know which way you be goin ! and when you be aimin ! ' to get there gts '' closeup - teddiz as she start to speak . Teddie but I dont -- medium shot - sheriff as be interrupt she , ' sheriff fact be , though , you might like to fly -- seem that way you will be there first , takint the plane and all , fact be , I get the ticket and reservation all make for you to go -- = quick dissolve to : interior of a limousine , shoot through nindshteld in the front seat we see a chauffeur and a strange man , while Barry sit in the back with schrieidc long shot + the limousine Roaring along the highway at great speed , tio shot - thr back seat - schneider and 's barry schneider ( indicate the man in front ) they be drive shift . in that way there will be no need for we to stop over night anywhere , make it faster than the train and safer , closeup - barr 's as hoe look dubiously out of the window , Barry ( siiling ) pataye 478 479 480 481 482 483 484 485 486 106 two shot - barry and schneider schneider ( lronically ) do be safe worry you a great deal ? Barry ( in same tone of voice ) it do not kecp I up night , . medium shot - shoot through the windshitzld of .car all four man pide along silently for a while , Barry move forward in he séat . ' something in the distance have catch he eye . long shot - reverse angle - sfooting past . ter men in prone vhrough windshield down the long I tno sho - barry and schneider Barry do this road cross the dam ? schneider ( smile ) as a matter of fact , it do , it add a few mile to we trip , but somshow I have become a little sentimental ... I want to take a last look at it . extreme long shot - the dan wo see the highway crossing it . there ig 4 good deal of traffic , long shot - closer view prom different angis - shoot up past the ass of concrete to th2 road medium long shot - the car contain Barry and schnoider as it . slow down . medium long shot - from inside the car , shoot pas ? schneider at ' fit window Ho be look down at the shoer drop of the huge spillway , closeup - schneider at the winpow the dam be framod in the background , continued : k +t 488 489 107 corteued ( 2 ) : schneider ( sardonically ) it 's beautiful , be not it ? -- a great momument to man 's uncease industry and hic stubborn faith in the tuture . it 's exciting to soa , medium long shot - the car as it slow down to a walk pace , a quoque of sightseer cross though road on they way to be talon for a tour of the dam , medium shot - inside the car - schneider as ha lean forvard and speaics to one of the driver , schnoider do they always have people look at the thing ? drivor yeah , it 's like this every day . I be over it once , you can 's seu the whole thing up close , two shol - schneider and barry schneider lean back in he seat , the spoed of the car be increase now . he look contomplativoly out of the window . '' schneider ( dreamily ) it should like to have go , ib would have be interesting . Barry be look at he companion intently , schnolder turn and eatehe sight of barrys expression , schneider ( suddenly ) do you know tobin very well ? Barry no , I only meet he that onee out on he ranch , schneider do he have the child with he ? Barry his grandchild ? yes , he seem very fond of hor , schnoider turn , face forward , his faco soften . schneider yes , that 's one of the thing I like about old tobin , his love for that littlo girl , ( he shake he head ) evidence of a good honrt , @ . ak 490 491 492 495 108 lowg shot - the high : th dam in bag , the car roar through the shot , leave the highway behind . v0 shot - schneider and barry in bagh of oar sehnaider ig look out of the window at she disappear dam . he turn back , schneider T have child , too , you know =~ two boy , Nice little fellow -- two and four , the four-year - old get naughty at time , Ho 's quite a problem , we get he a new toy and within half a hour it 's smashed to bit , and thon , sometimes , after it 's all over , he 's almost sorry . ( he turn to Barry ) sometimes I wish my young child have be a girl , in fact , my wifc and I often argue over a little idiosyncrasy Zt ohave -- I do not want he hair out short until he got much older . do you think tht will be bad for he ? Barry Tho other kid might rido hin , Barry lay he hoad back against the pad of the back seat cushion , we sco by he cxpresston that he be nauseate by though nouroticschneiderand have to make conversation with hin , long shot - seghent of highvay vith gasoline station in fc , . as though ear specd on , extreme long shot - higimay with dam far in 3.g. we gct the impression of travel very rapidly . extreme long shot - reverse angle on highvay we gob a picture of a superimposed " highaay 66 " sign , which rush towards though cambra in poeur wavog , and change from Day to night , and thon to Day , and then to night , and then to Day again . the picture finally clear to : a long shot - exterior - moonlit skyline of new york camera pan down to : 496 497 499 500 - 1 602 109 mndium long shot - exterior - gasoline stavionn we see the car in which Barry and schneider have | be travel , perk in the station , medium shot - interior of car , shoot thucugh windshield the driver be seat in the front seat at the wheel , beside he be the alternate driver asleep , Larry be alone in the rear seat , medium shot - schneider as he come out of a telephone booth in the station house . camera pan wigh he as he move towards the car and get in , medium long shop - the car . as it drive out of the stxbtion , two shot - schnsider and barry - back seat of car . sehneider we can not go up to the office -- they have get it spot . Barry ( alarmed ) be they watch for I ? schneider it do not know , ' who would know you be in New York ? Barry - yeah -- I guuss that 's right . schneider glance at he a little suspiciously , lap dissolve to : exterior - madison avenue '' night - clos@up the screen be fill vith a sign which read , madison avenue , the canera hovis under the sign and bring into view the full exterior of a large house whose window be brightly light . the traffic in front be congest because there be a line of car droop poopie at though front door , thero be a couple of policeman , mount and regulate the traffic . semi -long shot a nearer viow of the front door , show : the cnality 503 '' 504 '' s05 '' '' eo 506 507 dic continued ( 2 ) of people who ave pass into the brightly - light , open front door , there be man in evening dress and smartly clothed vomen in evening gowns , semi -long shot in line with the other well - groom city cny be the dust - cover sedan that have travel all the wv frou Boulder City . ithterion car - night - semi -closeup seat beside schneider in the back seat , Barry be look ont at the elegant going - on , he be bewilder as he turn to schneider barry be this though place ? it look like they be have some kind of a party . sehneidor you ! be expect -- just follow I , semi - lowg shot still shoot from inside the ear , we see the doorman open the rear door , in the front seat the man beaide the driver , who have be asleep , come to life suddenly . Ho see ths house and quickly turn towavd schneider . man how about . tomorrow ? you want I on the kearny job ? schneider look at he a little annoyed as he got out . schneider T do not know -- and why dontt you ' eeap you mouth shut ? - man sorry , boss , I think he be in onseese semi - closeup schneider glance quickly at Barry , as he say : schneider shut up ! continued : kt 507 508 509 510 - 1 lil continued ( 2 ) Barry grin as he say : Barry that 's oll right . I do not think anyone hear he but the doorman and the two guy on horseback} exterior front door - semi long shot - night we sce Barry step out onto the sidewalk ; scrnoidor follow he . sarry be grin rather sheepishly at the people around he , all in evening dvess , schneider pull he sharply by the coat sleeve , - schneider come on ] they mount the step and move with the throng of arrival through the front door , camera panhing with gis , interior madison avenue house - semi closhup - night a footman in ivory bow slightly to Barry and look at schnoidey with a expression of recognition , he say politely : footman . good evening , sir . May I take you thing ? schneider no , thank you -- we will wear they in . footman vory well , sir , Madame be in the iibrary . , she be expect you . while the camera 3 and schncidor move a antc-hall , INS in the same position , Barry way towards the leave of the small Beyond they we be now able to get a glimpse of the large hall . this be reachod by three broad step from though smaller hall , and have beon tempornrily convert into a dance floor , on the other side of the hall be a large opone , through which can be soon 9 grand staircase . schnoider lead Barry off the small hall , up a side staircasa , seni long shot as they reach the top of the staircase they move along a corridor , camera following , Barry stop for a moment at a curtaln open and glance through , 112 512 semt log shot over he shoulder vo can sce & small balcony with of vi floor below . schne iar tug from the curtain and vith ask : . t he be stand on the danter on th Barry turn bevilder expr uy Barry what the hell be all this ? sehneidar keep you mouth shut and do not ask question ! 513 semi long shot they ave now at the end of the corridor , Tho to they ight and stop before 2 door at Beyond they will sca the balugte. ding of the stalrcass previously see below . y turn loft . grand 514 sehi clossup schneider be tapping at though door , we hear a ciderly lady 's voice from within , elderly lady 's Voice come in , the two mon onter , 515 thtsrior study - semi long shot ~- night as schneider close ths door behind he , the tvo man find themsulvos in a well - appoint small study , which be line with book , stand rigidly in the eonter of the room be rather distinguished look dowager soar a evenin dross . she have a diamond necklace around she neck . sho be play nervously with of lorgnette , dowager oh , thore you aro ! Mr , schneider , I have boon wait , what take you so long ? a pe a semi closeup -~ schneider and barry schnoider behave vory deferantially in the old womant presence . schnoidor im™ sorry , though traffie -- it hold we up . they ought to do somothing oboutee . kt s17 518 519 520 sel kt 113 semi closeup the dowager break in : dowager never mind .... in cass you have not notice it , I be entertaining this evening . let 's get this th ine settiedl semi long shot schncoider advance with Barry towards the center of the room . the camera move in to include the three . schneider certainly , that 's why we come here . dowagor yes , and that 's another thing . why do you come haret why do not you go to ths office ? schnoider we get word -- they think it 's be watchod .... dowagor nonsense} she turn toward Barry and look he up and down . dowager . so this be the young man . well , I hope he 's go to throw somo light on though situation , semi closeup there be a silence for a moment as noither Barry nor schneider answor hor , closeup + dowager she look from one to though other with a irritate expression , dowager well , do not stand there like a idiot ! ask he ! ask he ! semi closeup schnoider turn quiotly to Barry . ' schneider why dtan 's you toll I about the young lady ? continued : sel 523 114 continued ( 2 ) schneider move avay in the direction of the dor Mrs , vander , to watch Barry 's facs , camera pu back so that we have a tableau of Barry face the of be two , he stall for time , he be quite take aback , then he stumble out with : er , Barry what be you talk about ? I do not know of anyess . thore be a silence as Barry fail to contime . suddenly it be break by a girl 's volec , which speak quietly from another pert of the roou as yet unseen by Barry . : Teddie why do not you tell thom , Mr , Ford ? Barry swing round . semi long 8hot from he viewpoint will eco teddio scate in a anne chair , hor attitude be quite casual as she sit with she ence cresscd , beside she on a small table be a tray of coffse and sandwich , she hold a half - caton sandwich in she hand . near she be sit and stand two other mon . Ono of thom - woar a tuxodo -- ho ia Edward , the dowagor 's private seoretary . Ho have the look of a intollce - tual and be about thirty yoar old , noxt to he be Mr , porl , a stocky , poworful man of about fifty . Ho be in full oven dress , semi closeup schnoider come boside Barry who turn back and ask quickly : Barry what 's sho do hero ? schneider smile , schneidor oh , then youtve meet ? itm glad you choso to bo frank about it . it 's a pity you do not do it soonorse .. Barry how do she get horo ? ( thon to taddic ) T think I tell you up in though mountaina to get autese continued : . 523 524 115 continued ( 2 ) schneider woll , it scem the young lady didnit exactly follov you instruction ... apparently sha do a little observe of hor own . she even scom to have gono to though loeal chowicr and tell he a rather fantastic story -~ somo subbish about we want to blow up a dam , be not it , miss Miller ? iss Ho half turn to toddic as ho say this , closeup - barry Barry be think hard as ho hear this , . his eye take 's in the group of people around he , por a briof moment a faint half smile of resolution come into he face , the camera follows hin as ho quickly stride towards taddic , he addvressos she furiously : Barry why , you dirty , doublo-crossing littlo deeese Edward , the scoratary , etop up to he before ho can reach hor , schneider hurry forvard to take hor arm , Mrs. vendor 's vole burst . across though gseonc ivritably : ilp , vandert Voice pleaso , lot 's not have any personal scone ! schnoider continue : schnoider . as it happon , no harm be dono ... you sco , the sheriff be a particularly good friend of ours -- in fact , 1 might almost say , ho be one of ude .es Tho camera pull back to inelude Mrs. vander , who again burst in impationtly : Mrs. vandor oh , do stop talk like aman in a mystery story ! and get that poople out of ny house ) Mr , perl interpose pointedly : Mr , porl it still want to know why he do not toll schneider aboute .. Mrs , vander intorrupte : Mrs , vandor . ploase , I must go back to my guest , and so I would really like to know oxactly what you propoun to do , schnuider call seross to Mr. porl : continued : 116 524 continued ( 2 ) @ schnoidor '' Mr. purl -- just a moment ... he lead parl across to mra , vander . the thice talk in low voico in anothor part of the ° the camera follows they , Edward stroll at 'ter thon , nearor to the door , in caso . the girl should attompt . . any movo , we now get a view of the room , shove Barry and though girl alono , hdward by the door , and Mrs. vandor and the other two mon talk quictly together , we can not hear what thoy be say '' 525 semi closhup ~ barry Barry , stand by toddio , be think hard as ho look down at she , Ho almost bond to spoak , but hold himself back , uc looka down towards though other poople in the room . Ho turn back and blance at . though book on the shelf , suddonly he burst out to toddic as the camera pulis back slightly , -- Barry why could not you leave mo alone ? I tell you to get oute what do you think you wear do ?. > @ hla cyos aro still skim the book shelf , Ho put he hand up and etart to tap one of the book . in he protend angor ho grab teddio and pull she up out of the chair as he saya : '' Barry you have get yoursolf in a jom now ! I cantt help youl I can not '' do anything for you . as toddic angrily toar horscif away from he , ho tap though book more furiously , Mrs , vandor 's voice > come frou the far ond of the room , Mrs , vander 's voice will you please stop shouting } 526 semi closeup Barry 's and toddic 's head aro closor together . sho be almost about to ery out in vretest whon hor eye alight on - the book , , 527 closeup Barry 's fingor tapoing though book , which be titlca " escape " by ethel vanco , @ 529 530 531 532 533 534 ll? closeup - teddie we see Teddie 's expression chanre to one of grow mystification and then into the realisation of what Barry be try to convey , semi closeup Barry and Teddie , Barry continue to shout at she . Barry you be ina jam , sister ! and I canis say I be sorry for you -- if youtd do what I ... ; he be interrupt by the suund of a voice bevind him . Voice good evening , Mr , fonl .... Barry turn sharply . semi long slo ? from Barry 's viewpolnt we see a familiar figure in white tie and tail sata no in the doorvuy , it be the smile bucolic Mr , tobin , '' he other be see to advance down the roon . closeup - barry we see he terrific reaction to the presence of Mr , tobin , semi closeup - mr , tobin Mr , tobin advance , camera following , in very good humor he say to Barry , who now come into the picture : tobin ta not that the wrong title , Mr. pord ? I really think we ean find something more addpoppiate.see teddis step back as Mr , tobin interpose himself betwoen hop and Barry , we seana the shelf and finally find a book , closeuf his finger tap " for wt hemingway . i the bell £ oll " by ermest semi closeup + he taan back tu baryy , a a can 5355 536 537 mge 118 continued ( 2 ) tobin do not you think so ? the canera pull back as Mr. tobin retimmn to confront Mrs. vander , who comss up to he , pugule snd angra - vate . he say to she : tobin a little private joke of mine , please exeuse it . Mrs. vander , exasperate , begin a objection : mes. vander I do think this be hardly the timo ..... semi - closeup M. tobin interrunt she : . tobin you see -- Mr. ford and I have meet before} the cahera follows he across to Barry . tobin my dear boy , this be such a pleasant surprise . semi -closeup perl and schneider ask anxiously : perl who be he ? schneider he 's all right , be not he ? semi - closeup Mr. tobin smile benignly . he turn back to Barry and pat he on the shoulder . tobin all right ? why , he 's more than that -- you can take my word for it that my. Ford be a wmusually fine youmz man who have be grossly misjudse by everyone . why , evan the polico hava get a completely erroneous impression of hin . Barry look at he with a slightly suspicious ox ~ pression . mp. tobin continue : continued : 557 538 539 540 541 542 119 continued ( 2 ) tobin ican assure you that , contrary to what be generally 's pose , and to what he himself may have tell you , this yong man be not one of he country 's onumy -- and imovw nothing whatever about the subtle art ) of industrial dostruction -- it believe they call it sabotage ~~ : closeup we see teddy 's reaction to this speech , semi-closeup a look of angry surprise come over Mrs. vander 's face . schnoider come forward . - . schneidor what do you mean ? closeup - tobin he continue : tobin : iomean exactly wnat I say . Mr. Ford be a very patriotic young man =~ and ~- it assure you =~ quit definitely no part of this organization ! semi -long shot there be general consternation . ur. tebin turn to address they all . tobin this , of course , make he situation in we midst a par - ticularly distress one . wo cammot turn . he over to the police -- I make that mistake one before . it look as though we may have to resort to other method -- method which may be rather distasteful to we all . semi-closeup at this Barry take toddie 's hand and lead her across the group towards the door . there be half a movement from schneider and porl . Barry turn and address they : : Berry I think before that happen I should like to go out there and enlighten fir . vander 'y guost somawhat . I think they ovoning could be mado more intrigue if they kmovw some of the background of they hostess . 543 544 545 546 120 continued ( 2 ) Barry open the door and go through quickly with Teddie , camera following . semi - long shot there be half a rush toward he , but tobin restrain they . tobin - let he go -- he will not do anything . ( he turn quickly to Mrs. vander ) have you a house phone ? she point to one on a nearby table . Mr , tobin turn to Edward , . . tobin get through to the front door , Edward cross quickly and press one of the button on the houso phone as he take up the receiver . semi - long shot - interior corridor we see Barry and teddio hurvy away down the same corridor along which Barry arrive with schneider . semi -long shot canera pan thom around dow the side stair to the entrance hall , semi -long shot we follow the couple across the small hall to the front door , they be intercept by two footmon , on . of whom have just leave the telephone . the latter say to Barry , as the camera move in to a closer shot : footman Mr. tobin would like to speak to rou , sir , before you go . the house telephone be in the cloak room -+ there . Barry '' tell Mr. tobin I will talk to he somo other time he look at the two formidable man who be stand shoulder to shoulder . then , in ordar to gain time , he turn away , Teddie with he , and camera following then . as they stand in the middle of the entrance hall , Barry say quietly to teddio : Barry there must be some way to get out of here . camera follows they to the rise stop which lead to the dance floor . ' they look across : 547 . 548. 549 . 550 , '' not semi -long shot there , in the open opposite to they , stand tovin , sehneider and the other . semi-closeup Barry turn back to teddy . Barry we have not a chance . camera pull back as they hear Mrs. vander 's voice . she be greeting some dignitary with effusiveness . semi-closeup teddy , look at she , turn back to Barry : Teddie well , tell they -- why do not you tell they all ? Barry hesitates . eddie continue : teddy go on -- go right out there on the floor and stop the music and tell they ! Barry shake he head . Barry listen , honey -- this be the vander mansion on fifth avenue - and I be just a guy from Glendale , California . they would not believe a word I say . Teddie well , what be you go to do ? we can not just stand here . Barry look at she and then across the floor . Barry I know a nice place where we can figure this whole thing . out ... shall we dance ? he lead she on to the dance floor and they start to dance . int . dance floor - s#mi-closeup as they dance , they glance around , realize thet they be surround and have little chance to eacape . Barry glance down at teddic , Barry how do you feel ? mge 550 . 122 continued ( 2 ) Teddie terrible . Barry why ? -- we be still alive , be not we ? Teddie do not reply . Barry ( continue ) be not we ? : still she do not answer . Barry ( continue ) what 's the matter ? Teddie here we be dance and , instead , you should be beat my face in . if I have not go to the phony sheriff and hand they the whole thing on a platter ..... Barry you have no way of lnow . Teddie I should have trust you . without I you would be all right now . Barry . oh , no , I would not . you be forget Mr. tobin . he be bound to show up sometime -- and when he do ..... Teddie ( break in ) that be a awful look on he fiace .... Barry tobin ? he 's a nice little fellow ! teddis . when he be talk about kill you -- and almost enjoy it -- I go all cold inside . ( she pause ) he would do it , wouldntt not ? Barry without even take hia coat off . ( pause ) but do not think about 1t . as long as we be dance , we be safe , they will not touch we . Teddie T like dance with you . let 's not stop . Barry okay , we will not . Teddie as long as the music last . gomarr ese. mge 550 . 551 . 552 . continued ( 2 ) they dance on for a moment in silence . Barry do you ever hear of a place call kearny ? Teddie - no . . Barry I never do either ' -- t111 today . they be talk about it in the car . I think it 's they next big job . Teddie when ? Barry : I do not know -- but I will Tel ] you one thing -- whatever it be , it 's only the beginning . this baby have gat -- suddenly she interrupt he : Teddie Barry ~-- listen ! Barry what be it ? teddle the music 's stop ! the camera pull back from they as we see that the floor be start to empty . there isa slight ripple of polite applause . semi-closeup Barry , glance about he furtively , start to applaud enthustastically . . Teddie 1s too scared to do anything . Barry nudge she . : Barry give ! Teddie begin to applaud heartily . semi -long shot the band leader look down at they in surprise and then turn and wave the orchestra to play on . ( @ 553. in semi-closeup Barry take Teddie in he arm and they start to dance again . Barry that be close . Teddie too close - Barry scare ? Teddie still pitching . Barry grin and pat she gently on the back , Barry : good girl ... I wonder how long we can keep this up ? Teddie duet as long as we can keep them play . Barry oh -- a marathon dancer ? Teddie with you -- yes ! they dance on in silence for a moment . then Teddie say , look up at he : Teddie I always find out everything too late . Barry what now ? Teddie that I like be with you . it give mo a nice warm feel - ing -- even now , it make I foel safe . Barry safe -- 1s that 11 ? she look up at he for a moment , a sorious expression oover she face . tedd the I love you . Barry darling ! they dance slowly for a moment , oblivious of they situation . continued : @ 553 554 125 continued ( 2 ) Barry remind I to ask you to say that again sometime . Teddie twill ! for a moment they have forget that they be on the spot . suddenly , before they know that it have happen , they kiss . they lock at each other - almost surprised . Teddie be the first to speak : Teddie not here ! we must not do that ! Barry - why not ? Teddie this be a classy joint ! , garry what have we get to lose ? they dance on for a while . ' eddie have become serious . she be look at he intently . suddenly she say : Teddie now I be really scaredece Barry do not be -- this be something that belong to we . they will never be able to take it away -- whatever happen . at - thig moment a hand come into the picture and tapa Barry on the shoulder . camera pull back as he turn around and find himself face a tall , young man who be dance with another woman , whose age be about twenty - seven or twenty - eight . she be a wallflower type . with a deat movement , before Barry can realize what be happen , the young man let go of he partner and move in between Teddie and Barry . he take Teddie out of Barry 's arm . as he do so , hé ask politely : Young man ' May i? semi-closeup Barry tax half a step towards they , a look of aston - ishment on he face . mge 555 556 557 558 126 semi-closeup we see Teddie 's desperate face look towards he ag she be whisk away . semi -closeup Barry atand lose in the middle of the floor and then see the confuse partner of the young man stand beside he . he step towaris she , and , keep he eye on the depart Teddie , ask : Barry would you care to dance ? why , the woman be utterly confuse , but grateful . the woman yes , certainly . Barry begin to dance with she . he be try desper - ately to keep he eye on Teddie and the tall young man . semi - long shot from he viewpoint , they have dance completely out of sight . semi - closeup he look back to the woman he be dance with . she be a rather ordinary girl in a flowery lace dress . she smile up at hime woman youtre really a much better dancer ..... Barry thanks . who be that man ~~ the one you be dance with ? woman I have no idea . I never see he before . Barry stop suddenly and look down at she . Barry iomean the man that just leave you . woman I know ... ' that 's who I be talk about . I never see he before in my life . Barry be at a complete loss . ' they dance a little away from the camera . Barry now look across the open where tobin be stand with perl and schneidur . I s59 560 561 127 semi - long shot prom he viewpoint we see this three man , and then '' suddenly the young man appear between they -- wisnout Teddie . . closeup - barry Barry 's expression change to one of alarm . as he dance away from the camera into a two shot , the music come to a stop . camera follows they as Barry escort he partner off the floor . woman ( still twitching ) oh , what a pity ! that be a lovely dance ! I do hope you will ask I again ... it be so - so exciting .. -+ Barry yes -- 1t be -- thanks -- thanks a low ! . he turn from she suddenly , camera following he . he come face to face with tobin , who greet he with a benevolent smile . : 's tobin well , young man , I see you be enjoy yourself ! a charming party , be not 1b ? : Barry ( angrily ) where be she ? . tobin you mean you young lady ? I think you be taxing care of she . perhaps she have a headache and be lie down somewhere wee Barry look at tobin furiously . tobin ( continue ) if you would like to come with I and look for she ..... camera pull back as Barry realize he be face not only tobin but schneider , perl , and a menace foot - man . . with resolution he turn away from they and the camera pan with he to the center of the empty dance floor , he procced and approach the stand where the band be rest . semi-closeup tobin whisper hurriedly to a footman , who hurry off . he turr3 and give a instruction to the young man who dance off with tuddie . I 562 $ 63-4-5 566 567 128 long shot Barry be now stand in front of the band stand , a amall figure . in a loud voice he announce : Barry lady and gentleman ....- semi -closeup . . a laugh group turn and look round in surprise at this figure , who be in a rumple suit and not look at all like one of the guest . semi -closeup Barry hold up he hand for silence and raise nis volce , try to capture they attention . Barry . lady and gentleman , I have something to say -- something to tell you -~ semi - long shoy around Mrs. vander ani tobin other guest ere focus they attention on barty as he proceed : Barry 's Voice - there 's something you ought to know -- about this house -- 568 869 and about you hostess --~ at the mention of they hostess , the. people around Mrs. vander , who be vaguely listen , break into applause . Mrs. vander smile gratefully at she guest . semi -long shot the camera pick up a footman , who be edging he way round the floor . as he approach Larry , the camera finishes up with two big haaps . the footman whisper to he very deferentially : footman I beg you pardon , sir , but before you go on , I think you might like to take a look at the curtain on the balcony . semi -long shot through the curtain recess on the balcony beyond we see a hand , and through the slight parting the half face of a mane in the hand a large automatic 1s hold and directly point at Parry . mge 870 - 1 s72 573 574 575 576 129 bemi-closeup the applause hes now die down . Barry look around at the guest . he catch sight of tobin . semi - closeup we see the face of tobin , perl and the other watch Barry : semi-closeup Barry hesitates for a moment and then go on : Barry I be not much of a speaker , lady and gentleman ~- end I guess you think there 's not much I can tell you about we hostess that you do not know already . semi-closeup Mrs. vander be stand in the open , a artificial amile freeze on she face . the diamond necklace about she neck glitter in the light . over this , we hear Barry continue : Barry 's Voice her graciousness , she kindness , she many charity ..... the guest and Mrs. vander beam at each other , then suddenly turn back as they hear : Barry 's Voice well - let I tell you , lady and gentleman -- you have get a surprise come ...» semi -long shot there be a moment of tense silence . Barry be stare across at he enumiss . semi -long shot from he eyeline he ss tobin glance up towards the balcony . ~ closeup - barry Barry follow tobin 's look , 578 579 sbo 581 582 883 130 semi-closeup behind the curtain the gun move . semi -closeup - barry ° Barry hesitates for a fraction of a second and then realize that it be hopeless . one incriminate word and he will be shot dead . brace himself he yoe on : Barry tonight -- in this house -- for the benefit of this great cause , for which she already have dene so much -- we hostess ia put up for auction cne of she most treasure possession -- one of the famous vander jewel ! long shot there be a general hubbub at this . semi-closeup a look of startle amazement leap into Mrs. vander 's face . there be a sound of enthusiastic applause in which Barry 's voice be elmost drown . we hear he say : Barry 's Voice and now , Mrs. vander -- if you will kindly step forward ... semi -long shot slowly Mrs. vander make she way through the crowd '' which press around she . everyone be try to get a look at the jewel . with all eye upon she , mrs- Van ~ der have a moment of panic~stricken uncertainty . ‘hen , as she slowly walk towards Zarry , we see she come to a decigion . she raise she hand to the clasp at the back of she neck and begin to unhook the diamond neck - lace she be wear . semi-closeup as Barry wait for Mrs. vander to arrive , with the crowd hemmed in around he , the familiar footman approach he oneo more . camera move in until we see the quiet voiea of the footman speak into Larry 's . ear , footman Mr. Ford , the young lady 1s ask to see you . continued : 583 584 585 586 587 mge 131 continued ( 2 ) Barry look at he suspiciously . he be about to say something , but the footman anticipate he . footman it would not keep she wait if I be you , sir . Barry look about he , realize there 's little else for he to de . he nod for the footman to go ahead . as the canera pull back , he turn to a naval officer nearby . with assume cheerfulness , he tap the naval man on the shoulder and say : Barry will you take over , Admiral , old man -- I be want on the phone ? Admiral delighted , sir . as Barry move off , he glance bdaclr . semi -long shot the Admiral be approach Mrs. vander , he hand hold out for the necklace . semi -long shot Barry be now follow the footman through the crowd , camera after he . they go up the grand staircasy . interior - corridor - semi - long shot - ( night ) the footman lead Barry to the half - open door of the study . he make way for hin . semi - long shot ~ interior st1dy - ( night ) Barry enter the room . he glance around for Teddie . she be not there . tobin atand in the center , a solitary figure . the footman enter and close the door . tobin a very nice apeech you just make , my boy ! spontaneous and charming -- I be sorry the young lady be not the . to hear it . Mr. tobin calmly continue to speak over Barry 's shoulder to though footman : aas . 132 6e7 continued ( 2 ) e tobin '' wr. bord look rather tired after he trip ... I think he need sleep ... Barry give half a glance over he shoulder and then advance furiously toward tobin , camera following . Barry '' where be she ? what have you do to she ? the footman approach silently behind barry and , pull a gun , atrike he on the back of the head with . the butt . Barry half spin round . he receive . . a second blow and collapse . the footman attempt tc aim a third blow at barry , who have now fall out of the picture . Mr. tobin hold up a restrain hand . '' tobin that will do , George . the footman replace the gun in he pocket . footman rr very good , sir . the camera pull back as Mr. ttosin come forward and step across the recumbent tigure of Barry . he move toward the door , follow by the footman . he turn : B tobin can I leave the rest to you ? footman yes , sir . '' Mr. tobin pass through the door . 588 semi - long shot - interior corridor - syaircase - night '' we see Mr. tobin turn on to the grand staircase . as he slowly descend , we can hear the auction go on in the distance , as the scene fade out . no ' 133 589 fade in : medium shot - mrs . vander' study which be now in full daylight . Mr. tobin be seat at a table , eat he breakfast off a tray . fou man be stand with they back to the camela , they posture be that of man listen to a superior , who be give they instruction . stand in the middle of the room , face they , be mr- perl . he be calm and businesslike . perl you , kellogg -- you will be operate the hand - camera . that will give you a chance to get in close under the way eae just before she break the bottle , you give the signal . you would better not be late with that . Harry ' 1ll be watch you out of the sound truck . his timing depend on you ... ( he speak to the other ) let 's go over it once more , and see that everybody have the fact . who go first ? first man . coe ido . I go in with the newarcel truck -- I have get the press pass . perl okay , what 's next ? no one answer . the.four back fidget a bit . perl ( disgruntled ) come on . speak up everybody . I want to know you have get it straight . Joe : . I check the ground line -- make sure they tie in with the sound mixer . hen , if they be okay , T go back with xelly and wait ' till after the speech . perl right . what about you ? third man I wait for kellogg to give though sign . perl right . Joe who 's check the soup ? perl that 's not you worry . that come from inside . you just watch that button ... that 's all . joo I hope it work «- that 's all I can say ees continued : dk 589 590 134 continued ( 2 ) perl be irritate . he start to answer the man , but check himself . perl ( to all of . they ) I - want you to be quite clear on the getaway . make sure you press pasa have be okay by tha police at the gnte . the small truck leave first , and do not forget that , any of you . ( he point to one of the man , who have he back to ua ) . you will be inside it . you ship be the " Patriot " , leave at 6 ofclock , picr 14 . that 's nosr the battery . lould better get there around 5:50 -- not before , welll have half the money for you at the office . you collect the rest at the consulate in b.a . the man ( whom perl have be address ) if I ever get there . . perl . you will . yhat 's ali , now . and just remember this . . ( he attitude ia that of '' football conch send he wen into the game ) this whole job hang on one thing -- timing ! if she go before the ship start to move , it 's no . good to we . if the shio 's off the way and you blow she -- you just scare the crowd . it 's timing , timing , timing . - you get that , boy ? good luck '' | . joa thenks . the man shake hand with they superfor and leave . camera move into : medium closeup - perl as he stand , stare ' shead of he . we hear the door close . perl turn to tobin . perl a lot of plan and hard work -~ in the end you have . to leave it in the hand of four other mon . ( he laugh nervously «= the dreamer now ) dust once I would like to be the finger that presseg the button . : tobin come into the shot , smile . he put he hand on porl 's arm . : tobin you be mora the creative type . porl yes . . he look at he watch . ane 590 591 592 593 594 135 continued ( 2 ) tobin do you think we ought to start ? perl we might as well . traffic will be heavy over to soarnay : ( ironically ) what become of the half - back ? tobin ( smile ) , we have get he downstairs . I think it 's better to hold on to he ' till after the launching . after that hdward will make the necessary arrangement . it 's amazing what you can get a man kill for nowadays , I think the war have something to do with it .-. - medium shot - int rior - dark storeroom somewhere in vander mansion Barry be lie on the floor . around he be shelf line with various can goods . there be a glass grate in one corner of the ceiling . Barry can see the shadow of the fest of a occasional passer - by in the street above he . ' the glass be so thick that it be obvious thet he could never make himself hear if he call out . he be still suffer from the effect of the blow on the head , va he gain a little more consctousness . he makus a wry face on peel he parched mouth . close shot - the can on the shelve which arc mainly fruit juice with luscious l: bel . medium shot - barry as he rise and look they over . he pick up a can , shake it , and knock it egainst the wall . medium shot - perl and tobin ~ study the two man be still talk , on the verge of leave the room . perl seeand the girl . what about she ? tobin they take she ovor to the office last night . perl : what arc you poing to do with she ? ararereriy 156 594 continued ( 2 ) tobin ido not know . she will be miss . this boy -- he 'ga juss a factory worker -- a nobody -- but the girl , I believe , be quite a well - know model . she present a problem 595 medium shot ~ interior - a SMALL room in a office build on the window at the right be the letterin : " transoceanic " it be a newsreel film company , and so the office ts fill with various cauera and fil equipment : on a amall settee in though corner , we ses the recumbent figure of Teddie . sho be not asleep , and ia merely look about the room . her handbag lie on the table among the fiim tin . . there be a light in the next room , and the faint sound of voice indicate that the office be occupt . 596 medium shot - perl and tobin - the study they be just finish they conversation . tobin you might be give it some think . it will keep you mind busy while we be wait though result of the worl at kearny . parl I will think about it . 597 medium shot - thr dark intericr of thz stormroon Barry ig in the fereground . he have succeed in make a couple of jag hole in two cen of orenge juice . he be in the act of drink the . second one . he light a cigarette , and puff the smolcs upward . 598 close shot - the ceiling , revealing a sprinkler . system 599 medium shot - barry as hé see the sprinkler syatem , he have a ide . dk moment 6 ak 599 600 601 602 603 604 605 606 607 608 continued ( 2 ) 187 he pull a wooden case forward and stand on it , lighting '' match to examine the sprinkler more closely . close shot - the sprinkler = illuminathd by sarry match we read the name of the manufacturer and the fact that it be a automatic fire alarm . the match flicker out medium closeup - barry he have only one match leave . I strike it and hold tounder the sprinkler . nothing happen . then whon the match be nearly burn he finger , the water suddenly begin to spout . medium shot - the storeroom , Barry jump pack . ' the sprin mler incraase they flow . throughout the house we hear the sound of a alarm . medium long shot - section of house upsyair servant be hurry in all direction . long shot - MAIN stairway people be run down stairway into the hall . Doors ar be open everywhere . close shot - door be thrown OPEN close shot - another door be thrown OPEN long shot ~ exterior - tue house the fire alarm be pinging , cause passersby to stop . traffic slowa up . long shot - FIRE depot pour big gato swing open and though engine start to move out . 609 , e > 610 , 611 > . '' '' > 612 '' 613 614 168 long shot - the house there be quite a crowd collect now . Inside , the alarm be still ringing . the camera turn from the house to tee crowd , and , pass over various people , find Barry , gaze nonchalantly up at the building . long shot - shoot past barpy a fire engine dash by and draw up in front of the house . two shot - barry and a stranger in the crowd Stranger quite a alarm . Barry yeoh . know whose house it be ? Stranger | sure , that 's the vander house . Barry vander ? Stranger yeuh , Mrs. vander . Boy , I will bat thero 's a lot of valuable sturf in that place . . Barry think so ? Stranger youh , look how fast the engine get thore . they would not do that for you and mo . medium shot - shoot past barry in the crowwd a man in front of he be read a newspaper , instead of look at the house , two shot - barry and the man with the newspaper Barry look over the man 's shoulder . insert - newspaper the headline read : " world' biugest battleship be launched topsy rhode Island to be christen at kearny ferd '' conyinund : 614 615 616 617 618 619 620 ak 139 continued ( 2 ) thr camera move forward rapidly until the word kearny ! fill the sereen . clost shot - barry he be startle . on the sound track we hear the approach sound of another siren . : boom shot - barry as he make he way out of the crowd . we see hin head towards a park taxi across the strevt . medium shot - barry as he get into the taxi . medium shot - invgrior taxi , shoot past barry toward the driver Barry kearny ship Yards . Driver ( turn ) kearny -- that 's Jersey , be not it ? Barry I guess so . hurry . hey , it 's Barry lean back in the seat . the motor start , but the cab do not move . Barry move fornard and slide open the panel between the back and front seat of the cab . Barry what 's the matter ? get go . Driver . the fire . they be block all the way to 48d Street . on the sound track we hear the horn of car . long shot - the STREET full of jammed car they be all honk they horn . medium shot ~ intrrion - " oransoceanic " office teddic have get up and be look out of the window . it 1s obviously vory high up in a sky - scraper , 140 621 long shot - out of the window - STREET below , e 622 medium shot - inthrior of room Teddie turn and search around the room . gn a small desk in the corner she find a old blotting pad . Teddie cross to she bag . she take from it she lipstick . she write crudely on the inkrspatter '' blotting paper . 623 insert - the blotter as she write : " help - look up - watch ligh ? flicker . " 624 medium shot ~ intsrior of room . Teddie go to the window and slip the blotter '' out through a narrow crack in the casement . it flutter out of sight . she cross to the light ° switch and start to snap it up and down . »e@ 625 long shof ~ exterior - outsid of skyscraper we follow the piece ef paper down to the gutter of a roof of a neighbor building . there , it stop flutter . b 626 medium shot - inthrior - taxi - barry Barry be lean forward as they speed through down - town New York . p > 627 medium long shot ~ exterior - new york STREET ? as Barry 's taxi come tear down it . 628 medium shot - interior - taxi the cab radio be play . ' ye hear a announcer . announcer ««sspecial permission of the United States . Naval dapart - ment , we now take you to the kearny navy Yards where you will hear the full launching ceremony of amorica 's latest accomplishment of the defense effort -- the " rhode Island . " ak '' dk 629 630 631 632 633 . 142 ( note : from here on up to the moment of the explosion , the sound track carry uninterruptedly the various sound and noise of the launching ceremony . this vary in intensity as the visual shot switch from outside to inside the shipyerd -- to the radio of the speed taxi , etc. , etc . however , rersardless of how wa cut from one scene to another , the sound trach ls continuous up to the moment of the explosion . ) long shot - exterior - he slipwvay at shipyaud upon which the huge battleship be poise above the crowd . on the platform in the foreground be various privileged guest . medium shot ~ the platsorm present be the vivacious Mrs. vander , seat next to the conventional figure of a palitician , who be speak into a battery of micophone . the camara move from tie ] platform along the vast , tower side of the ship , pan down until it bring into view among other press and newsrcol vehicle , two truck with transocdanic paint on they side . the camira move on , take in the long line of tangle cable through the back of the larger of though two truck . camera follows the cable inside and stop ow : . close shot - SMALL , unostrusivs butvon set somewhere in a large switchboard . the hand of a operator com ? into the shot , fiddling with varioug knob and dial -- but never quite touch this one button . medium shot - interior - cab the radio ig play full blast . Barry , despérate , be listen to the opone speech . the continual traffic hold - up be drive he crazy . medtum long shot ~ exterior - the ledge of a skyscraper we sve the piece of blotter . it have blow down on to a window ledge . dk 634 635 656 637 638 639 640 142 close shot ~ window ledge Inside the window we can see a electric fan . it move back and forth , hurdly stir the blotter from its rest place on the window ledge . medium long shot - exterior - launching in f.g. - platform - and in b.g. huge hull of ship on the platform the first speeker have finish and another be take he place . medium long shot - exterior - new york STREET - barry taxe it be catch in another traffic jam . Barry is_ get out of the taxl . he start to run . medium shot - exterior - window ledge the piece of blotter blow slowly off the ledge , and fall down into the street . thm camera move with it and will see it fall on to the roof of a taxi . medium long shot - exterior - taxi with blotter on . roof two or three driver be group around one of the cab , listen to the radio on which the speech be be broadcast from though shipyard . medium long shot ~ exterior - outside shipyard camera move with barry as ho run towards the main gato . medium shot - exterior ~ MAIN gate as Barry try to onter . a policeman atop he . policeman hey , mack , take it casy . Barry I have get to get inside . policeman you get a pass ? Barry no «= but I have get to get in . continued : 640 > 642 642 dk continued ( 2 ) policeman ( calmly ) you have get to have a pass okay by the Captain . Barry ( plead ) listen , this be on the level -- they have -- they be go to blow it wp . : policeman ( lumoring ) blow it up ? Barry the -- the launching -- I mean -- the ship that 's go today -- though " rhode islend . " . policeman ( smile ) who tell you that ? Barry tca not tell you now . let I see the Captain . policeman ( engily ) listen , son , the Captain 's to hia hand full . avery time there 's a launching we gut 4 dozen punk lika you -- erackpot . Berry T know -- I know all that -- put I be tell you the truth . you have get to believe mo , policeman ( resign at the hopeless case ) okay , bud , you better come inside . the campra pollow barry as he be lead through the narrow pedestrian entrance . the policeman turn off to the right into '' littlo office . Barry — seize he chance at this instant and runa . medium shot - experior - nsw york STREET - taxt in forsground . the piece of blotter have now fall off the roof of the taxi down to the puvemont . one of the drivera notice it and pisk it up . he read it , show it to the other . for a moment they be incredulous , then , they all look up . long shot - from taxi driver ! angle , shoot up at skyscraper which be obviously in the hockefaller Center block . despite the daylight , we be able to discern though flash light in a room uostaira . ak 643 644 645 646 647 648 649 650 i44 medium long shot - exterior - shipyard - barry as he run towards the hull of the huge ship . medium shot - gate to shipyard the Captain be question the policeman . Captain well , where do you leave he ? policeman he muat have get in , I guess . Captain well , why do not you -- they both turn quickly . the camera pan wita they for a moment , as they run towards the ship . medium long shop - exterior - hull of ship Barry 1s pight - under the ship in among the newsreel van . he do not know to do . long shot - shoot pas ? by yo 4t slipwaay we see the last block be hammer away from under the ship . long shot = shoot up past barry to platform with on admiral guide she hand , a orchid-cover lady be get ready with hor champagne béttle . medium shot - shooving past bakry at another pant of the yard we see police search for he . close shot - interiok - newsreel truck we soe the saboteurt finger straying towards though fatal button . medium shot - exterior - barry in desperation , he be almost inclined to give up . thon , suddenly , he look into the sound van beside he . dk 651 652 653 654 655 656 657 658 659 a 145 medium shot - shoot past barry head Barry come face to face with the object of he long quest . fry be the man in the sound van . the camera move w1th barry as . he run sround to the entrance of the van . close shot ~ switchboard in van as fry 's hand stray towards the button . medium shot - interior of va " as Barry attack fry from the rear . close shot = fry' hand near the button Barry grab he wrist . there be a silent duel , with Barry try to prevent fry from reach the button . . medium long shot - exterior - platform the ship be about to go . ' the lady be make she christen speech . ' the champagne bottle be hold , poise . . close shot - interior of van 4s the saboteur 's hand get nearor the button . Barry 's and fry 's face be silent , yet desperately strain . long shot - hull of ship as it begin to move away from the star - and -stripe drape dais . medium closeup ~ orchid - cover lady as she let go with the champagne bottle . long shot - the ship as 1b move away amid cheer and the atrain of the National anthem . 660 661 662 665 664 . 665 ak : : 186 medium closeup - interior of souud van fry be win the intense fight . his hand get nearer and nearer the button . we hear the cheer come over the loud spesker , as he hand slowly press the button . long shot - tre Ways there be a terrific explosion , but the prow have pagse it -- it be seconda too late . the ship be in the water . in the foreground there be general consternation , people start run in all direction . the martial music which have accompany the launching , suddenly stop . medium long shot - section of shipyahd fry dash to the smallur of the two wait truck , follow by Barry . in the general excitement , they be baroly notice . Barry dive after pry into the small truck . @he back door of the truck be close with a slam . mzdium shot - inside SMALL truck Barry and fry be Fighting desperately . medium long shot - gatz of shipyard we see the " transoceanic '' truck , accompany by other newsresl and press car . they show they card to the policeman in charge , end hurry away with they urgent picture matertal . as the " transocesnic " truck swing out of the gate , wet . lap dissolve tor. medium shot - intsrior ~- rockefeller CENTER the car arrive at the basement unlosd dock . the driver hurriesa over to the freight elevator . he say a few hurried word to the man in charge , who be obviously in they pay . ' hon the dpivor beckon to fry , who drag out the half - unconscious Barry . the camera pan with they as they lead he across to the clovater . Tho door of the elevator clang shut , and thoy start up . 147 666 medium shot - inside thr elevator - pry , barry , the driver , and elevator man be fry } everything okay upstairs ? Elevator man I guess so . TI have not be up there for a while . TI vas wait for you . ( he pause ) > what happen at kearny ? anything go wrong ? fry doesnit answer . 667 medium long shot ~ interior - upper floor '' Elevator arrivea . the elevator man look out , up and down the corridor , then beckon to fry and the driver . they move ont into the hall , gamera panning with they , as they carry Barry . he be beginning to regain consciousness . he start '' to struggle . they hustle he across the passage towards a office door . 668 medium shot - office dook eo as the man arrive . on the glass , we sec write : 669 insert : " gransoceanic film company " '' . 670 medium shot - shoot past barry , fry and daiver fry throw open the door . 5 671 medium long shot - shoot inside the room past pry , banry and the driver they be meet by a tableau of wait police . among . they be Teddie . fry give a shout of alarm . '' the camera follows he as he dashea down the héll towards the clevator . 672 medium shot - door of offich Barry attempt to follow fry , but he 1s grab by the police , who be already hold the driver , ak dake 673 674 675 676 medium shot - fry as he arrive at the elevator . he get in . pry down ! the door of the elevator close as the police rush up . they be too late . they turn and start down the corridor to another elevator . medium shot ~ inside the elevator as it reach the main floor , fry start for one set of door , but the elevator man stop he . Elevator man not that way . they will be lay for you . he open the other set of door on the other side of the elevator . Elevator man . better go this way -- down that pussag . take the first coor on the leave . it 's the pass door to the back of the . house . fry and then what ? Elevator man work you way across to 50th Street . I will have a car wait there for you . pry okay . the elevator man close the door and walk across to the elevator and open the other pair of door on the opposite side . Ho find himself face to face with two policeman . they grab he medium long shot - a corridor - fry camera move with fry as he hurry along down the corridor . he open a tron door and then go through &@ second wooden door and find himself in the Radio City Music Hall . long shot - interior - music hall , shoot past fry he glance at the pack house . the audience . be laugh at some comedy gangster picture . camera move with fry ag he make he way up the side aisle , keep close to the wall . he stop suddenly . 677 ? ' 678 be 679 > 680 > oe 5 681 B 682 '' boa wy 633 > ak : 149 long shot - back of music hall from fry' angle fry see the police start to come down the aisle from the back . - medium shot - fry as he turn . the camera shoot back of he to the pass door , which now begin to onen as well . fry hurry across to the front of the auditorium . long shot - shoot toward screen from the back of the house . we see the police as they divide they force , two of they go around to the other side to cut off pry . long shot ~ shoot tonard back of house , fry in f.g .. he see that he ds surround on three side , although the cop who have come in the pass door have not yet see he . the camera move wivh he as he hurry back to the leave side of the stage . in desperation , he leap up , try to find he way through the curtain to behind the staze . he be unsuccessful in this . he return to the front of the sereen and pull a gun . ( note : during all this the audience have be laugh uproariously at the comedy on the sereen . throughout we hear occasicnal . conventional phrase that have a ironic parallel with the raal scene that be take place in the theater . ) long shot - left sid of stage - group of polich in ¥.g. - fry in distance as the police approach , fry begin to fire . next to he on the screen a man be fire a gun also . medium closn shot - section cf audienor a middle - age man slump forward in the middle of he laughter . next to he a woman , who be also laugh , push he pleyfully for pretend to be shot . the smile diss away from she face , as she see blood on she hand . sho look about bewilder . medium long shot - from sight sid of theater , shoot - ing forward toward the screen and - fry in the immediate foreground a man ia laugh at the continued : 683 684 685 686 687 683 689 150 continued ( 2 ) comedy . from where thie man sit fry , who be gesperately stand in front of the sereen , cannoh be sean , becuuse of the oblique angle , and the fast that fry 's background consist of the dark drapery that hang on each side of the screen : reverse angle ~- laughing spectator in immediate f.a. a policeman come up quietly behind he , alm he gun at fry and fire . the spectator leap cut of he seat as the gun go off in he ear . close shot - section of audience ~ woman we have see before as she look down st she hand . she seream . long shot ~ shoot toward screen as the bulk of the audience lesp to its foot . the fire tetween fry and the police be intense . member of the audience start to hurry into the aisle and toward the exit . simultaneously , one of . the figure on the screen . sturt to yell in such u way cs to heighten the panic in the theater . medium shot - pry he be still next to the sereen , gun - in hand . the screen be fill with a closeup of of comedian shout - ing : " clear the housel " camera move with fry as he jump forward , leaping across the orchestra pit and run towards the center aisle . boom shot - fry as he be lose among the crowd . medium shot - the lobby of music hall wa gee people hasten towards the stroet door , fry among they . 151 690 medium long shot - tha strest outside music hall e@ Police be arrive . they attempt the pacify the b crowd , and work they way to the theater . 691 medium shot - inside lobby of theaver the camera pick up barry as he be be escort > by the policeman to a wait car . Teddie be with he . 692 medium long shot - shoot brbeind barry > as he cntch sight of ¥ry just go out of the door . 693 medium shot - reverse angle - barry as he turn to the policeman . Barry there he go ! that 's the guy you be after . first policeman come on , you be the guy we be after . '' @ Barry ( desperately ) itm tell you that 's he ! he will get away ! policeman ( take Barry 's arm ) come on , wise guy . , 694 medium long shot - barry , teddie and policrmen as they move out of the theater . in the distance fry be get into a cab with study calmness . p Barry be desperate . he start forward . 695 reverse angle - barry , teddie , and , policemen aga they yank Barry back . '' pirst policeman come on , now . do not try nothin' . Barry ( turn to Teddie ~ frantic ) this cluck will not believe I . grab a cab and follow he . 696 '' medium long shot - shoot past barry at teddie she move away from he . > - ak continued : J '' B '' ‘é '' " ak 152 696 continued ( 2 ) Barry ( shouting ) do not lose he . it 's we only chance . policeman come on , come on -- and watch the lunguage . 697 medium shot - exterior - STREET fry have just get into a cab . 698 medium close shot ~ inside the cab as the driver turn to fry . Driver where you goin ' , buddy ? pry downtown . 's phe cab start with a jerk . Driver where about ? fry anywhere , just keep go downtown . 699 long shot ~ exterior - syreet as fry 's cab move down the street . 700 medium shot - teddie she be just get into a daric-color cab . tol medium shot - inside the cab . Teddie point through the windshield . we can see fry 's taxi get under way in the distance . Teddie it 's that yellow one , the one with " skyview " in the backe do not lose he . Teddie 's Driver okay , lady . 702 medium long shot ~ fry' cab as it pull up for a stop light . jak 703 704 705 706 707 , 153 medium shot - interior of fry' cab - shoot past pry toward drivu . as he pick up a newspaper out of he lap and begin to read . fry , more nerveus than ever , look out cf the back window . the light change and for a second the driver continue to read . there be a loud blow of horn from behind fry 's cab . the driver look up from he paper and begin to pull away . fry skip the paper . I be in a hurry . Driver ( genially ) okay , doss - I be just look for the brookly n's . pry ( look out of window ) what street be this ? Driver fourteenth Street . where do you want to get off ? pry keep go , it will get out at the battery . medium long shot - exverior - the battery fry 's yellow cab be jist draw up at the curb . he get out . a instant later we see Teddie 's cab drive up . the camera travel with fry as he move down the sidewalk towardg the long cement clear that look out towards the sea . he move past the many bench that be alvay fill with ' people . in one of the open space some kid be play . ball . medium long shot - one of th3 kide kila ( yell at fry ) hey , stinky ! wanna play ? medium shot - fry as he move past thom . the camera travel with he , as ho glance behind he , walk along . he move to the extreme edg of the coment clear and stare moodily out to sea . - long shot - shoot past fry out to sra _ ak 708 709 710 wl 712 718 714 718 716 medium shot - fry 154 a beggar approach he , hold out a hat full of pencil . fry look at he dumbly . he turn away . long shot - shoot past pry we see two policeman walk towards he , swinging they billy club . they seem to be in the best of humor . still , they make fry nervous . he turn quickly . medium shot - fry as he almost run into the beggar . long shot - teddiu in foreground she be follow fry , who be visible in the distance . medium shot - pry as he walk along . the cawmsra drop behind : he and we see a man in a derby , talk to another policeman fifty yurd ahead of fry . medium shot - fry aa he chunge he course again . he look nervously to the leave . medium long shot - two cheerful policemen as they walk towards fry . medium long shot - fry in foreground he nervously turn again . ' twenty yarda ahead of he there 1s a big black arrow and a sign that read : insert : " to bedloss island fsray " and underneath : " koep we olty clean . " '' 717 718 719 720 vel 722 723 ak 155 medium shot ~ fry camera travel with fry as he follow the arrow . before he be the ferry landing . there ig u nan in a white seaman 's 's cap at the landing , speak throush a megaphone . man. ( into megaphone ) take the bedloe Island ferry -- a full hour boat excursion ~~ only twenty - five cent -~ one - fourth of a gollari .. see New York Harbor and the skyline of New York ...... medium shot - fry as he look at he watch . insert : watch tt 1s 4:32 medium shot ~ fry as he look up . c¢msra follows hin to the ticket booth . lap dissolve to : medium long shot ~ upp#r deck of ferry Boat which be push its way towards bedloea Island . fry be stand , lean against the railing of the upper deck . he ig smoking a cigarette , and look out to sea , quite unconscious of Teddie , who now come into the shot farther down the railing . sho watch [ fry ag he pull he hat close over he eye . close shot - fry the muscle of he jaw tighten . he turn . camera follows he through the cabin to the other side of the boat . : long shot - teddie as she follow he . lap dissolve to : 724 , 725 > 726 '' 727 > eo 728 '' 729 B '' boo 730 '' dk 156 exterior - medium long shot - landing on fhe island a small crowd be surging down the gangplank of the ferry . medium shot ~ shoot up gangplank we see fry . he be among the first to touch land . Teddie , in the background , watch he as he walk along with the crowd . medium long shot - the crowd * as it move across the Island and atop at the foot of the statue of Liberty , craning they neck up , take snapshot , etc . medium shot - fry in the crowd he do not look up at the statue as do all the other . le merely lovka around nervously . the camera pull back as pry , in the midst of a little group , make he way towards the stairway . medium long sot - teddie in f.g. , shoot toward the statue of liberey she be watch fry as he move inside the statue and start up the staircase . a pan shot - teddie as she find she way to a small refreshment stand . the young man behind the counter beam at she . Young man how about a nice cool drink ? Teddie no -- no thanks . I would like to telephone . Young man ( point ) sure . right there on the wall . camera move with teddie as she move to the phone . close shot - teddie at phone she drop a nickel in it and dial " of oo " . toddie Operator , ive I police headquarters . cur to : ak 731 732 733 734 . 157 medium shot - inuerior - police station a police official in uniform be answer at the other end . official Police headquarters , donavan speak , he pick up a pencil and begin to write on a pad . official yes -- yes -- just a minute , lady . I will connect you with the man you want . curt to : close shot - teddie at . phone wait for she connection . nervously she glance behind she . CUT to : medium shot ~ ingerior police svation - dipfperent office - on phone a diffarunt detective he be obviously a high-ranking official . he be in plain clothes . ° detective all right , lady . you have get to hold he there for we !... sure , sure , I do not care what you do ... talk to he -- do anything you want -- only hold he ' till we get there . that 's right ... yes -- and we will have Ford along to identify he -- that 's right . good luck . cur to : closeup - teddie at peon she hang wp , turn , and start towards the staircase . quick dissolve to : interior - medium shot - crown of statue fry and the small group of tourist have arrive in the crown , and the majority of the tourist ure busy read from the illustrate booklet . camera travel over they to a small elderly woman . in a mark accent , she be read out loud the méssage from the french people to the America people . at she side we sec a little boy -- obviously she continged : 735 736 7358 739 kr al @ continued ( 2 ) grandson . she be read to he . ( note : ' the message must be obtain and place ia the script at this point . ) the camera pan back to fry , as he turn away sourly and move to the window . . long shot - shoot past fry as he look at the New York siyline . medium shot - teddie as she come up the stair . she stop for a moment and then mingle with the crowd . the camera pan with ber as she standa beside the little old foreign woman , who have just finish read the measerfe . the Little eoy otugsing at the old woman 's arm hey , grandma , I wanna go out on the arm . ( point ) right out there . the woman ach , no . that 's too far . Little Boy ' but I wanna , I wanna . I wenna spit down . woman ( scolding ) johnnie , that 's not nice . she pull the little boy by the arm towards the exit . the majority of the tourist be atarting down . medium shot - pry who have be look out to sea , turn and notice the crowd as it start towards the stairway . close shot - two young stenographer - somewhere near pry first stenographer ( to she companion ) come on , susie . second stenographer ah , what 's the hurry ? continued : ak 739 740 74al 742 159 continued ( 2 ) first stenographer I want to catch the same boat back . we have see it all , anyway . camera pan to fry as he look at he watch . insert - watch it be 5:17 . medium shot - fry as he start towards the stairway . close shot ~ teddie camera pull back as she move across to fry to intercept he . yeddie ( pretend to be the dumb tourist ) Excuse I , mister , but ... ( point ) se * can you show I which one of that place if Brooklyn ? fry ( annoyed , point to the right ) that 's it , over there . he try to push past she . Teddie ( point towards hoboken ) and that place over there ? fry ( disgustedly ) hoboken . Teddie ( sighing ) gee , it sure be a thrill to see it for the firat time . fry ( move away ) I have see it before . Teddie it 's such a nice look front door to we country . make you want to come right on in . fry I suppose so . by this time they be quite alone . ak 743 744 '' 745 746 169 long shot - shoot past fry down below on the Island a small group of tourista ave make they way towards the boat , the boat whistle . close shot - teddin and fry as he pull away rather abruptly and move towards the stairway . Teddie follow he , desperate . : he have just start down the step . teddile ( shouting ) Mr. fry ! closeup ~- fry aa he whirl . canwera pull back as he return to Teddie . pry '' how would you know my name ? . ( he tukeg har by ihe shoulder and shake she ) come on . what be you try to do ? how would you know who I be ? peddie ( let it all go ) that 's not all I know . I know all about you -- about kearny and the dam += and - the fire out in California . I know you frame Barry Ford . pry I get it . it 's beginning to make sense . you be vord 's girl . I should have spot yous Teddie that 's only one of the thing you should have do . yow have not be 30 clever , Mr. fry . fry ( quietly ) listen , they have not get I , yet , but there 's one guy they have get -- you boyfriend . and get this -- if any of US go , we be go to take Mr. Ford with ua . : very one of we will swear that Ford be in on the whole thing . they will hang he , sister ~- do not forget that -- and I will be alive and kick when they do . he release she suddenly . the camera pan with he as ho move down the stair . Ho turn back still in view , wave to Teddie . fry ( sarcastically ) so long . it 's be nice meeting you . medium shot - teddie as she turn away with a abject look of despair . she stare out at the now York ukylino : ak 74d 748 749 750 751 752 753 754 755 756 long shot - shoot past teddie at skyline 161 and island below she seg a small detachment of policeman run along the pier with Harry in thoir midst . closeup - teddie Teddie 1s victorious as she turn towards fry . long shot - shoot past fry av teddie above he Teddie see you againe medium shot .- fry as he turn and start down the stair . camera follows he half - way down . suddenly he stop . long shot - shoot past fry at police who be enter at base of statue . medium show - entrance to statue the police sre try to climb the stair . they be slowed down by the last group of sightseer , a fow of whom sre come down the spiral staircase . medium shot - barry camera pan with he as he push he way through the descend tourist . ife be ahead of the police . medium shot - fry as he start up again . from below he hear the shout of the police . th camera move with he as he find a door lead off to one side . he open it and go in . medium long shot - shoot past the door which fry have just entered at teddie reverse angle - barry at the head of the pollge as ho reach though landing . 162 757 medium long shot - teddie . . she point towards the door . teddle ( shouting ) the door -- in there . 758 medium close shot - fry behind the door '' the camera move with he as he turn and mount the narrow step , which run up through the erm . 759 medium shot - barry > - : as he swing open the door and follow . 760 medium long shot - the police '' . ag they reach the half - way platform . a stout lieutenant be lead they . he 1s out of breath and be mop hig face . 761 medium shot - interior passage - fry e@ camera follows he , until he reach the top of the arm and emerge onto the balcony which run around the torch . > 762 long shot ~ fry on the torch Barry appear close hehind he . fry be desperute . he pull he gun . > 763 medium closeup - shoot past barry t0 pry Barry close with he to prevent pry from shoot . the gun fall . cur to : > . 764 medium shot - platform - the police as they hurry through the door and start up the arm . 765 long shot ~ the arm - fry and barry as they struggle . the camera move in as they fight . fry miss he foothold . he fall from the balcony continued : > dak @ ak 765 766 787 768 163 , continued ( 2 ) and as he clutches wildly for support , he succecd in catch hold of the surface of the arm below . he be now two or three foot below Barry , slowly slide down the arm , call wildly for help . Barry start to climb over the edge . with one arm still hold the edge of the torch , he gain a foothold on the edge of the arm and move down cautiously towards fry. fry can not hold on . the camera move with they bovh as fry continue to slip , scream . pry helpi Ford , help meet I can not hold ont Barry move down towards he . Barry hang on , I will get yout ! closeup - fry as he hear Barry 's voice . a flash of hope cover he face . . pry Ford , help I ... medium shot - teddie and the police on edge of torch they be watch Barry and fry below . we hear fry 's voice as it continue : fry 's Voice see if you help I now , I will clear you «= I swear I will . I will tell they the whole thing ! give I a break ! medium close shot - barry as he endeavor to catch hold of fry 's arm . de movea carefully , because ho himself be in a precarious position . Barry , hold on , I be cone ! fry do not let I go ' -- please , please -- I will clear you . do not let I fall ! Barry manage to seize fry 's sleeve , but the weight of fry 's body iy too much for the cloth . slowly it start to tear . continued : dk 768 769 770 ttl 772 773 74 118 776 continued : ( 2 ) 164 fry ( scream ) do not let I gol do not let I gol closeup - the sleeve as it tear . closeup - fry his face be fill with terror . he fall , and have see he go down towards the water , screum . ' closrup - barry still hold the tear sleove . it flutter in the wind . Barry turn away , nuneble to look at though fall body . we to : medium shot - thr politics as they lean over to aid Barry . medium shot - reverse . angle - karry as he ig pull into safety . the first hand to grab he be that of Teddie . closeup - teddie as she take Barry 's hand . tear be in she cyas . medium shot - barry , shoot past thddiz his face come closer and closer to hers . two shot - barry and teddie he be safe . fade out . the end deste