sabrina ( 1954 ) 1 . the larrabees ext . larrabee estate - evening narrator : once upon a time , on the North shore of Long Island , some 30 mile from New York , there live a small girl on a large estate . the estate be very large indeed and have many servant . there be gardener to take care of the garden and a tree surgeon on a retainer . there be a boatman to put the boat in the water in the spring and scrape they bottom in the winter . there be specialist to take care of the grounds , the outdoor tennis court and the indoor tennis court , the outdoor swim pool and the indoor swim pool . and aman of no particular title take care of a small pool in the garden for a goldfish name George . also on the estate there be a chauffeur by the name of Fairchild , who have be import from England year ago , together with a new roll -royce . Fairchild be a fine chauffeur of considerable polish , like the eight car in he care . and he have a daughter by the name of ... sabrina . it be the eve of the annual six - meter - yacht race and , as have be traditional on Long Island for the past 30 year , the larrabees be give a party . it never rain on the night of the larrabee party . the larrabees would not have stand for it . int . larrabee mansion - evening narrator : there be four larrabees in all — father , mother and two son . maude and Oliver larrabee be marry in 1906 and among they many wedding present be a town house in New York and this estate for weekend . the town house have since be convert into sak fifth Avenue . linus larrabee , the elder son , graduate from Yale , where he classmate vote he the man most likely to leave he alma mater 50 million dollar . his brother , David , go through several of the best Eastern college for short period of time , and through several marriage for even short period of time . he be now a successful six - goal polo player and be list on linus 's tax return as a 600 - dollar deduction . life be pleasant among the larrabees , for this be as close to heaven as one could get on Long Island . ext . terrace - night sabina , entrance by David , watch he dance with a pretty little blond name gretchen . fairchild : sabrina : fairchild : sabrina : fairchild : sabrina : fairchild : sabrina : fairchild : sabrina : fairchild : come on down from there , sabrina ! comeon . you would better go to you room and finish you pack . who 's that girl , Father ? which girl ? the one dance with David . her name be gretchen Van horn , chase National Bank . I hate girl that giggle all the time . you hate every girl David look at . you can not go on like this about David all you life . you understand that ? you have get to get over it . yes , Father . it 's good you be go away . I only hope it 's far enough . yes , Father . come along , sabrina . sabrina : in a minute , Father . you go ahead . I will be up soon . Fairchild leave . David choose a bottle of champagne and put two glass in he back pocket . david : oh , it 's you , sabrina . sabrina : hello , David . david : I think I hear somebody . sabrina : no , it 's nobody . int . tennis court - night david : gretchen ! yoo-hoo ! tennis , anyone ? gretchen ? what do you call this , mix singles ? gretchen : oh no , do not ... no . whatever you do , you have to stay on you side of the net . david : that will be a little difficult , gretchen . gretchen : now , David , you know the rule of the game . david : ok , I will serve . 2 . chauffeur 's daughter ext . garage - night fairchild : sabrina ! sabrina ! sabrina : yes , Father ? fairchild : do not leave you passport tomorrow . sabrina : no , Father . fairchild : you know , it 's not every girl that 's lucky enough to go to Paris . sabrina : I know . fairchild : and it 's the best cooking school in the world , sabrina . if you mother be alive , she would be very happy to know that you be go there . she be the best cook on Long Island . oh , I be not tell that you have to be a cook as she be , or that I want you to marry a chauffeur like I . but you know how I feel about it . you mother and I have a good life together . we be respected by everyone . and that 's as much as anyone can want in this world . do not reach for the moon , child . sabrina : no , Father . fairchild : besides , it never hurt a young girl to learn how to cook , do it , sabrina ? I will wake you at seven . the boat go at noon . good night . sabrina : good night . int . sabrina's room - night sabrina sit in a rocker and listen to the music from the party . sabrina write a letter to she father that read , " dearest Father . I do not want to go to Paris . I want todie . please forgive I for what I be about to do . Goodbye , sabrina . " she think for a moment and then add another line which read , " p.s . do not have David at the funeral . he probably would not even cry . " she close the envelope , walk over and feed she fish . ext . garage - night sabrina slip the envelope under Fairchild 's door and then walk down to the garage . she open the garage door and go in . sabrina close the garage door and start all of the car . the very last one make a lot of noise . sabrina : shh ! shh ! she begin to cough . linus : what 's go on here ? Fairchild ! Fairchild ! anybody here ? he begin turn off the car and open another garage door . sabrina try to hide , but she cough give she away . linus : who 's that ? sabrina , come out of there . come on . come on , out of there . sabrina : hello . linus : what be you do here ? sabrina : just check the spark plug . linus : the what ? sabrina : Father be worried because one of the spark plug be miss . I want to find out which one it be . linus : so you start all the motor and close all the door ? sabrina : I do not want to disturb anyone . linus : you might never have disturb anyone again . do you father know about this ? sabrina : no ! I want to surprise he . linus : I think you would better get out of here . linus escort sabrina out of the garage . linus : here , now . now , breathe deep . that 's right . now , deeper . sabrina : mmm . linus catch sabrina as she faint . he carry she on he shoulder up to she room . sabrina : what happen ? linus : you pass out . sabrina : I be all right . you do not have to carry I . linus : of all the idiotic thing ... have not you ever hear of carbon monoxide ? it kill people . sabrina : it do ? linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : certainly . what do you suppose would have happen if I have not come along ? I would have die . and fast . eight car ! one would have do it . it 's a good thing Mrs. Van horn ask I to drive she home . Mrs. Van horn ? gretchen 's mother ? uh-huh . why do not she drive she home ? we can not find gretchen . she ... she what ? nothing . the next time you start a car , make sure you leave the garage door open . you understand ? a chauffeur 's daughter should know better . yes , sir . 3 . Paris int . paris cooking school - day chef : bonjour , mesdame et messieur ! yesterday we have learn the correct way , how to boil water . today we will learn the correct way , how to crack a egg . voila , a egg ! now , a egg be not a stone . it be not make of wood . it be a live thing with a heart . so when we crack it , we must not torment it . we must be merciful and execute it quickly , like with the guillotine . crack ! it be do with one hand . kindly watch the wrist . voila . one , two , three , crack ! you see ? it be allin the wrist . and now , everybody , take a egg . one , two , three , crack ! newegg . one , two , three , crack ! newegg . one , two , three , crack ! the chef notice that sabrina be not even try to crack any egg . chef : take a egg . crack ! the wrist , huh ? like a whip . you watch . one , two , three , crack ! New egg . int . larrabee kitchen - day Fairchild be read a letter from sabrina aloud to a number of other servant . fairchild : " dear Father , or cher papa as we say over here . be not my french get good ? well , we finally finish we four- week course in sauce and thank goodness ! I think soup be tough , but sauce just about kill I . I almost flunk my hollandaise . it keep separate on I . " margaret : too much vinegar . do she mention David ? ernest : it 's Mr. linus , Tom . he be ready to go into town . margaret : what about David ? what 's she say about David ? fairchild : not a word . butler : that 's good . fairchild : no , wait a minute . here 's something . " I do not think of David very much any more . " jenny : that 's good . fairchild : " except at night . " butler : that 's bad . fairchild : " I decide to be sensible the other day , and tore up David 's picture . " ernest : that 's good . fairchild : " could you please airmail I some scotch tape . " margaret : that 's bad . ext . larrabee mansion - morning linus : fairchild : linus : fairchild : Morning , Fairchild . Morning , sir . beautiful day , sir . take the Parkway . two window open , 35 mile a hour . yes , sir . David come screeching up the driveway in he convertible roadster . david : linus : david : linus : david : Morning . where be you off to ? the office . where do you think ? the office . on Sunday ? today be Wednesday . Wednesday ? int . roll royce - morning linus be talk on the car phone . linus : this be k L 75263 . get I bowl Green 91099 . good morning , miss mccardle . how do the market open ? industrial , $ 247.63 . upadollar ten . rail , $ 94.7 . up 58 cent . utility , $ 47.23 . off 11 cent . I be just leave the house . you can put the coffee on in 45 minute . linus hang up the phone and record a message to he brother . linus : inter-office memo , linus larrabee to David larrabee . dear David , this be to remind you that you be a junior partner of larrabee industry . we building be locate at 30 Broad Street , New York City . you office be on the 22nd floor . we normal week be Monday through Friday . we work day be nine to five . should you find this inconvenient , you be free to retire under the larrabee pension plan . have be with we one year , this will entitle you to 65 cent a month for the rest of you life . linus : what do you hear from you daughter , Fairchild ? fairchild : well , she still love he . linus : I beg you pardon ? fairchild : I mean , uh , she love the cooking school , sir . but she will get over it . int . paris cooking school - day chef : and now , mesdame et messieur , soon we will see how you have learn the lesson of the soufflé . the souffle , it must be gay . Gay , uh , like two butterfly dance the waltz in the summer breeze . tra-la-la-la ... he look at sabrina . chef : very well . you have five second ! four second . Three second . two second . one second . to the oven ! the student open the oven and pull out they soufflé . chef : too low . too pale . too heavy . too low . too high . you be exaggerate . Fair . so-so. sloppy . mmm ! superb ! my dear Baron , you have not lose you touch . the chef look at sabrina 's soufflé . chef : much too low . sabrina : I do not know what happen . baron : I will tell you what happen . you forget to turn on the oven . sabrina : oh ! baron : I have be watch you for a long time , Mademoiselle . you mind have not be on the cooking . it have be elsewhere . you be in love . and iwill venture to goa step further . you be unhappily in love . sabrina : do it show ? baron : very clearly . a woman happily in love , she burn the souffle . a woman unhappily in love , she forget to turn on the oven . be I correct ? sabrina : yes . but I be try to get over it . baron : why try to get over itp you speak of love like it be a bad cough . sabrina : he do not even know I exist . I might as well be reach for the moon . baron : that 's quite a moon . oh , you young people . you be so old - fashioned ! have you not hear ? we be building rocket to reach the moon . to begin with , you must stop look like a horse . sabrina : horse ? ( laugh ) ext . garage - day Fairchild read another letter from sabrina . fairchild : " his name be Baron Saint fontanel . " " Baron ! " he come here for a refresher course in soufflé and like I so much he decide to stay on for the fish . " margaret : what about David ? what do she say about David ? butler : David ? she 's get a baron ! fairchild : " the Baron be 74 year old ... all the servant sigh . fairchild : ... and very sweet and very wise . he have a box at the opera , a racing stable , wonderful painting and he own vineyard . " " tomorrow night he be take I to a very fashionable 10 charity ball and I have a evening dress just for the occasion . if David could only see I init . Yards of skirt and way off the shoulder . " David walk up to the group . servant : good morning , sir . david : Morning . what 's go on here ? butler : a letter from sabrina , sir . david : oh . margaret : would not you like to read it , mister David ? there 's something about you in it . David get into he car . fairchild : poor sabrina . butler : what 's the matter with he anyway ? jenny : he 's get marry again . that 's what 's the matter with he . fairchild : he be ? jenny : mmm-hmm . number four . margaret : who say so ? jenny : cholly knickerbocker . do not you people ever read the society column ? 4 . a arrange Marriage ext . larrabee build - day David pull up in front of the building and quickly rush inside , hold a newspaper . int . larrabee office - day David walk into the secretarial office . 11 david : be he in ? be my brother in ? mccardle : yes , Mr. David , but he 's very busy . david : I want to see he . mccardle : well , how about , uh , 3:30 this afternoon ? david : I want to see he now ! mccardle : I be sorry . I have my order . he 's work with the lawyer on the plastic deal . david : miss mccardle , be you go to press that button , or I will break that door down use you as a batter ram ! mccardle : Mr. David ! david : make up you mind ! miss mccardle push the button , open the door . Inside , linus be talk with a number of lawyer . david : linus , I want to talk to you ! linus : ask miss mccardle for a appointment . david : do not give I that appointment business ! I be mad ! I be really steam . linus : all right , gentleman , I will be ten minute . the lawyer leave the room . linus : now , what 's the trouble ? david : how do this get in the paper ? linus : what ? david : " it look like wedding bell for David larrabee again . the girl be Elizabeth tyson of the oyster Bay tyson . " linus : well , congratulation . david : do you plant this ? linus : I ?! I think it be common knowledge about you and Elizabeth tyson . you like she , do not you ? david : 1 like she a lot . linus : well ? david : 1 like a lot of girl a lot . linus : you can say that again . 12 david : what be you gonna do with that gun ? linus shoot several time into a barrel . david : put that thing away , linus ! linus : look at that . the great plastic ever make . not ascratch on it . say , I wonder how this would stand up against a bazooka . miss mccardle , ask General stanton on governor Island and ask if we can borrow a bazooka . mccardle : yes , Mr. larrabee . david : to get back to my problem , if you do not mind . linus : lend I you lighter . david : get this straight , linus . I have no intention of marrying Elizabeth tyson ! linus hold a lighter under the plastic shield . linus : do not burn , do not scorch , do not melt . how about that ! david : look , linus . I have be marry before . I have have it . I have have it three time . linus : yeah , but this be the first time the family approve because for once you be gonna settle down and do something constructive . taste it . david : what 's so constructive about marrying Elizabeth tyson ? linus : taste it . david : it 's sweet . linus : that 's right . it 's make of sugar cane . david : sugar cane . wait a minute . this would not have anything to do with the fact the tyson own the large holding of sugar cane in Puerto Rico , would it ?! linus : second large . the large have no daughter . linus slide the plastic shield back into the barrel . david : it 's all beginning to make sense . Mr. tyson own the 13 linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : sugar cane . you own the formula for the plastic and I be suppose to be offer up as a human sacrifice on the altar of industrial progress ! be that it ? you make it sound so vulgar , David . as if the son of the hot - dog dynasty be be offer in marriage to the daughter of the mustard king . surely , surely you do not object to Elizabeth just because she father happen to have 20 million dollar ? that 's very narrow - minded of you , David . just one thing you overlook . I have not propose , and she have not accept . oh , do not worry . I propose , and Mr. tyson accept . do you kiss he ? now look , David . Elizabeth be one of the loveliest girl around . sooner or later you be gonna propose to she anyway . I be only try to help you make up you mind . then why do not you marry she ? I ? well , what 's so funny ? you want to die a old may ? well , I be just think that if I be able to get marry , I would have to take a dictaphone , two secretary and four corporation counselor along on the honeymoon . I would be unfaithful to my wife every night of my marry life with vice president , board of director , slide- rule accountant ... this ... this be my home . no wife would ever understand it . well , neither can I . you have get all the money in the world . well , what 's money get to do with it ? if make money be all there be to business , it would hardly be worth while go to the office . money be a by-product . well , what 's the main objective ? power ? ah ! that 's become a dirty word . well , then , what 's the urge ? you be go into plastic now . what will that prove ? 14 linus : prove ? nothing much . a new product have be find , something of use to the world . a new industry move into a undevelop area . factory go up . machine be bring in . a harbor be dig , and you be in business . it 's purely coincidental , of course , that people who have never see a dime before , suddenly have a dollar . and barefoot kid wear shoe and have they tooth fix and they face wash . what 's wrong with a kind of a urge that give people library , hospital , baseball diamond and , uh , movie on a Saturday night ? miss mccardle , will you send in the secretary ? mccardle : yes , Mr. larrabee . david : now you make I feel like a heel . if I do not marry Elizabeth , some kid 's gonna be run around Puerto Rico barefoot with cavity in he tooth . linus : here . look at this stuff . you will fly in a plane make of it . you will wear a suit make of it and before we be through with it , you will probably be able to eat it . we be organize larrabee plastic . larrabee construction be ready with the blueprint . larrabee ship buy nine more freighter to handle the traffic . david : you mean the wheel be in motion already ? linus : that 's exactly what I mean . a number of secretary walk into the room . linus : now , would you mind demonstrate the weight test to Mr. David , please ? david : oh , linus , I will take you word for it . linus : up you go . david : now , wait a minute . linus : I want you to see how resilient it be . bounce , please , lady . the secretary bounce up and down . linus : some plastic , eh ? we be plan on a summer wedding so we can get in on this year 's sugar crop . david : yeah . linus : I think you be gonna be very happy , David . 5 . Love thy neighbor int . sabrina's room - evening sabrina be write a letter . sabrina : dearest Father , we shall be graduate next week and I shall be get my diploma . I want to thank you now for the two most wonderful year of my life . I shall always love you for send I here . sabrina open the porch door a little wider . sabrina : it be late at night and someone across the way be play La vie en Rose . it be the french way of say , " I be look at the world through rise - color glass " and it say everything I feel . I have learn so many thing , Father . not just how to make vichyssoise or calf head with sauce vinaigrette , but a much more important recipe . I have learn how to live , how to be in the world and of the world ... and not just to stand aside and watch . and I will never , never again run away from life , or from love , either . I be take the plane home on Friday , Father . you need not pick I up at the airport . I will just take the Long Island railroad and you can meet I at the train -- the 4:15 . if you should have any difficulty recognize you daughter , I shall be the most sophisticated woman at the Glen cove station . 16 ext . glen cove station - day sabrina be wait for she father . David drive down the road . david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : taxi , miss ? cheapest rate in Glen cove . well hello ! how be you ? well , I be fine . how be you ? and I might add , who be you ? who be 1 ? be I suppose to know ? come to think of it , no , you be not suppose to know . be you strand ? my father be suppose to pick I up , but something must have happen . whoever you father be and whatever happen , I will be eternally grateful . that be , if I can give you a lift . you certainly can . you can drive I home . good ! I will get you bag . where do you live ? desoris Lane . desoris Lane ? say , that 's where I live ! really ? sure . we must be neighbor , and if there 's one thing I believe in , it 's " Love thy neighbor . " oh , so dol . ( to she pet dog ) come on , David . David ? be he name David ? yes , it be . that 's funny . my name 's David , too . that be funny , be not it ? int . david be car - day david : sabrina : be you , uh , sure you do not want to tell I you name ? positive . I be have much too much fun . 17 david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : david : sabrina : all right , if you want to play game ... have you always live here ? most of my life . I could have swear I know every pretty girl on the North shore . I could have swear you take in more territory than that . this be madden . I know I have see that face before . let I see you profile again . I know I know you . I have a feel I have see you ... with you father . wait a minute . be you father Admiral starratt ? hardly . it 's funny . I keep see he in a uniform . oh , come on . give we ahint . what do you father do ? he 's in transportation . transportation ? railroad . New York Central . no . plane . twa . no . boat . United States line . no. I pass . automobile . oh ? Chrysler ? yes , Chrysler and Ford and General Motors and roll royce . be you father on the board of director of all that company ? well , you might say he run thing . I will bet my brother , linus , know he . he certainly do . as a matter of fact , they often drive into town together . they do ? straight through to the garage , please . I feel so stupid I could kill myself . you will be all right in a minute . 18 ext . garage - day sabrina : here we be . david : now look , I be not just pull that old line of " have not we meet somewhere before ? " we have meet some ... David look around . david : you do not live here ! sabrina : yes , I do . david : I live here . sabrina : hi , neighbor ! the servant come run out to greet she . jenny : sabrina ! butler : sabrina ! margaret : sabrina ! sabrina ! oh , brina , brina , brina . sabrina : hello , Margaret ! it 's so good to be home ! margaret : look at you ! you be such a lady . you have come home such a beautiful lady ! butler : oh , welcome home , sabrina ! sabrina : Ernest ! Jenny happ ! how be you ? do not cry , Margaret . there 's nothing to cry about . I bring you a hat , Margaret . a real Paris hat for you to wear to church on Sunday . and Jenny , I have get something for you . sabrina : Father ! fairchild : I be sorry I miss you , sabrina . I have to take Mrs . larrabee to the hairdresser . sabrina : it do not matter . it do not matter . fairchild : well , I , I would not have recognize you anyway . sabrina : David have a little trouble , do not you , David ? david : yes , I do . margaret : I will put some coffee on . will you come to the kitchen , sabrina ? sabrina : as soon as I have open my bag , Margaret . 19 fairchild : well , let 's get they out of the car , and I will take they upstairs . david : look , as , uh , old neighbor , I , um , I think the two of we should have a reunion . sabrina : it 's only fair . david : how about tonight ? sabrina : do you really want to see I ? david : very much . sabrina : sure ? david : yes , I be sure . sabrina : all right . david : good . we will go out on the town . we will drive to New York , have a quick drink at the stork , and then , uh , go somewhere for dinner . I know a wonderful little french restaurant on first Avenue . well , I guess you would not think so much of it after Paris . sabrina : I will love it ! david : then we will go dance , and when they throw we out of El Morocco , we will mosey on down to the Village . you like dixieland band ? sabrina : yes . david : I know the great . it 's ... oh , wait a minute , icompletely forget . we be , we be have a big party at the house here tonight . sabrina : with a orchestra and dance ? david : yes . sabrina : well , that will be even more fun . david : ooh , I do not know . a lot of dull people around . family stuff , you know ? sabrina : I do not mind , David , as long as you be there . Fairchild be stand outside of sabrina 's room . fairchild : sabrina ?! sabrina : in a minute , Father . I have a lovely evening dress 20 with yard of skirt and way off the shoulder . shall I wear it ? david : why , yes , of course . sabrina : oh , David , it 's gonna be nice . a homecome party ! I will get the dress out and press it . see you tonight . sabrina start walk up the stair . sabrina : hello , linus . I be back ! david : it 's sabrina . be not it amazing ? would you have recognize she ? that scrawny kid who use to whip around corner every time she see we come . her knee always paint with mercurochrome . how do you like that leg now ? linus : David ? david : be not they something ? linus : David , the last pair of leg that be something cost the family 25,000 dollar . 6 . the Belle of the Ball int . sabrina's room - day sabrina : wait till you see what I bring you from Paris . fairchild : sabrina , I know I should have mention it in my last letter ... sabrina place a tie on Fairchild 's shoulder . sabrina : here we be . do you like it ? fairchild : but I do not want to upset you . sabrina : and here . be not they gaudy ? fairchild : sabrina , David be engage . he 's get marry again . 21 sabrina : iknow . Margaret write I . Real napoleon brandy . and this be for you to wear on you day off . fairchild : then you do not care ? sabrina : not too much . after all , he 's not marry yet . fairchild : I do not like that . I do not like the sound of it . sabrina : but do not you see , Father , everything have change ? fairchild : no , nothing have change . he 's still David larrabee . and you be still the chauffeur 's daughter . and you be still reach for the moon . sabrina : no , Father . the moon 's reach for I . ext . terrace - evening David be dance with Elizabeth . elizabeth : I wish the wedding be tomorrow , David . do not you ? david : uh , yes , dear . elizabeth : ten more day . it will seem more like ten year . david : yes , dear . elizabeth : Father plan for we to fly to honolulu right after the reception , but I say definitely not . I certainly do not want to spend the first 18 hour of my honeymoon in a plane , sit up . do you ? david : yes , dear . elizabeth : David ! david : what ? I mean , no . I mean what do you say ? elizabeth : be not you interested ? david : uh , of course , dear . Oliver , maude and Mrs. tyson be watch they child dance . mrs . tyson : be not they a sweet couple ! maude : charm . Elizabeth be a lovely girl . 22 oliver : I wish young man would stop wear white jacket in the evening . they look like barber . Oliver grab a drink from a waiter , but maude snatch it away . maude : now , Oliver . oliver : my throat 's dry . maude : have you be smoking ? oliver : maude , I stop smoking three month ago . I find it rather sad that after 48 year of marriage , distrust should creep into we relationship . I will join the man in the library . Oliver walk into the library where linus be show a number of man he new plastic . elizabeth : David ? david : hmm ? elizabeth : I think I ought to have a talk with you chauffeur . david : we chauffer ? what for ? elizabeth : Father want to give I either a bentley or a mercede as a present , and I think you chauffeur would be able to tell I which ... david : sure , sure . ofcourse . elizabeth : what 's he name ? david : sabrina . I , 1 mean Fairchild . I will talk to he , Elizabeth . do not bother . elizabeth : all right , darling . I know you will take care of everything . David look over and see sabrina run up to the edge of the terrace . elizabeth : what be it , David ? david : oh , uh , would you like to go in and get something to eat ? elizabeth : no , thank you , darling . david : a drink ? 23 elizabeth : hmm , no . David spin Elizabeth around , cause she to bump into another guest . male guest : I be terribly sorry ! david : oh , no , no , it 's , uh , it 's my fault . I do not see you . uh , will it wash out , Elizabeth ? elizabeth : oh , yes . it be not bad . david : you would better go and do it right now , huh ? lady guest : come on , Elizabeth . I will help you . elizabeth : all right . the lady guest lead Elizabeth away . david : sabrina ! sabrina : David ! David jump over the railing and take sabrina 's hand . sabrina : hello . david : you look wonderful . sabrina : thank you . I 'ma bit late . david : I worried . sabrina : be you afraid I would forget the address ? david : it cross my mind . shall we dance ? sabrina : right here ? mrs . tyson : who be that girl ? maude : I do not know . mrs . tyson : | I wonder what happen to Elizabeth . sabrina : what a lovely party . david : it be now . sabrina : it 's the nicest one you have ever have . and I have be to all you party . 24 david : you have ? sabrina : stand up there in that tree . david : sabrina , if I would only know . butler watch sabrina and then hand he tray to a guest . david : oh , sabrina , sabrina , where have you be all my life ? sabrina : right over the garage . david : right over my car . right up in that tree . what a fool I be ! sabrina : and what a crush I have on you . david : it 's not too late , be it ? sabrina : I do not know , David . be it ? int . kitchen - evening butler : oh , you should see she ! you should see sabrina ! the prettiest girl . the prettiest dress . the best dancer . the belle of the ball . and such poise as though she belong up there . fairchild : I do not like it . jenny : be she dance with David ? butler : that 's right . and he 's hold she so close , I do not see how she can breathe . and the way they look into each other 's eye ... fairchild : I do not like it . margaret : oh , Tom , you ought to be happy for she . this be what she want . this be where she belong . fairchild : no , it 's not . and it 's not where I belong . remember the chauffeur on the harrington estate ? his daughter fall in love with the son of the house . and the first thing he know , he be drive the family to the church , change he uniform and walk down the aisle to give the bride away . that 's not for I . I do not like it . margaret : Tom , that be 25 year ago . come on , let 's sneak up and see she . ext . terrace - evening maude : David ? David ? david . hello , mother . maude : David , I do not believe I know this young lady . david : oh , yes , you do . sabrina : good evening , Mrs. larrabee . david : mother , this be miss Fairchild . maude : sabrina ? sabrina : yes , of course . maude : yes , of course . david : of course , sabrina . sabrina : you do not recognize I , do you ? have I change ? have I really change ? maude : you certainly have . you look lovely , sabrina . david : do not she , though ? I think it would be fun to ask she to the party as a welcome home . ya ... you know , kind of a welcome home . sabrina : David 's be wonderful , Mrs. larrabee . he meet I at the station . maude : do he ? how nice of he . david : yes , uh , she 's be to Paris , you know . maude : yes , 1 know . you must come over some time and cook something very special for we , sabrina . I want to see what you have learn . sabrina : oh , I have learn a lot . david : bye . in the library , Oliver notice maude come towards he . maude whisper something to Oliver , who , in shock , tell linus . sabrina : oh , David , this be such fun . so much more fun than just watch from that tree . 26 david : I be so glad you come back home , sabrina . I will never let you go away again . sabrina : never ? david : never . sabrina : David , would you like to kiss I ? david : would 1 ? sabrina : yes . anice , steady kiss . not on roller skate this time . david : roller skate ? sabrina : you do not remember ? david : well , I remember I have a pair of roller skate . sabrina : I be nine year old , and you have you arm around I because you be teach I to skate backwards . suddenly , you kiss I . I have never forget . david : sabrina , let 's get out of here . sabrina : yes , let 's . david : I tell you what . you slip away first , and then I will meet you at ... sabrina : the indoor tennis court . david : yes . sabrina : and you will bring champagne . david : of course . you see a lot from that tree , do not you ? sabrina : and will you have the orchestra play " be not it romantic ? " ? david : naturally . elizabeth : what happen to David ? linus : oh , he 's be a good host , but I will , uh , I will get he out of circulate . thank you . linus : you get a minute , David ? david : well , uh , not right now . linus : the old man want to see you . david : later , I be busy . 27 linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : you would better come along . he 's froth at the mouth . oh , what about ? you guess . Animal , vegetable or mineral ? definitely animal . ahem . 7 . Broken glass int . live room - evening oliver : david : oliver : david : oliver : linus : oliver : david : oliver : david : I be tell you , linus , this boy should be drumm out of the family ! what have I do now , Father ? now , I be not say that all larrabees have be saint . there be a Thomas larrabee who be hang for piracy , and there be a Benjamin larrabee who be a slave trader , and there be my great- great- uncle joshua larrabee who be shot in Indiana while attempt to rob a train . but there never be a larrabee who behave as David larrabee have behave here tonight ! exactly what have I do ? what have you do ? Father , remember you basal metabolism . no gentleman make love to a servant in you mother 's house ! she be not a servant . she 's a servant 's daughter . and in behave as you have , you have embarrassed not only you mother but also we chauffeur . I have too much respect for Fairchild never to intrude on he personal life , and I expect you to have the same respect for he daughter . I have so much respect for he daughter , I invite she to the party . 28 oliver : david : oliver : david : oliver : david : oliver : david : oliver : linus : oliver : david : oliver : linus : oliver : linus : oliver : david : linus : david : that 's overdo it . I love she ! he love she ! next thing we know , he will lean a ladder up against the garage wall and elope with the girl in the middle of the night ! maybe ! I will overlook for the moment the fact that you be a engage man and merely remind you of you marital record to date . I know , Father . I have make three mistake . first , that hungarian countess who only marry you to bring she family over . a mother , a father and five brother . all of they badly in need of costly dental repair . do we have to go through that again ? then that twyman girl . her family 50 year on the Social Register , and she have the audacity to wear on she wedding dress not a corsage bu , bu , but a stevenson button ! Father , you promise not to swear . th , th , then that great actress ! turn out all she do be commercial on television for a underarm deodorant . poof , poof , poof , poof . and now , we chauffeur 's daughter . Father , be you through ? because there 's someone wait . iam not through ! and I be sure linus have a few word to say . yes , ido . but I be not so sure you be go to like they , Father . I think you be be a little unfair to David . I be what ? well , I , I think David 's old enough to live he own life if he decide sabrina 's the girl for he ... nonsense ! linus , you really mean that ? of course , I mean it . but it would knock you plan for a loop . 29 linus : oliver : linus : david : what plan ? the plastic merger ? forget it . ifyou love she , take she . this be the 20th century . the 20th century ? I could pick a century out of a hat blindfolded and get a better one ! you will get rid of that girl immediately , do you understand ? and apologize to you fiancé ! now , Father , do not push he . let 's discuss this like civilized people . sit down , David . thank you , linus . David be about to sit , when he suddenly stand up and try to leave . david : linus : david : linus : david : look , I really have to go . suppose you two work it out . do you want I to help you or do not you ? of course , linus . I appreciate what you be do . well , then sit down . linus , you be the only one in this family who understand I . David sit down and scream in pain . david : oliver : david : oliver : david : no ! oh , no ! what be itp what happen ? Champagne glass . I sit on they . on the chair ? no . in my pocket ! 8 . ' it 's all in the family ' int . tennis court - evening sabrina be eagerly wait for David . linus : sabrina ? hello . you do order champagne , do not you ? 30 sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : what be you do here ? David send I . be not he come ? no , I do not think he will be able to make it . what happen ? he get stick . stuck ? nothing serious , just one of that thing . so , should I serve it up there or will you come down ? up there ? all right . no , I will come down . we do meet under the most peculiar circumstance , sabrina . either you be under eight car look for a miss spark plug or you be perch up here umpire a tennis match between two player who be not there . oh , you look lovely , sabrina , and very grow up . I would better get back to the party . and leave I here alone ? what do David say ? I do not know what you do to he , but I have not see he in such a state since he be kick in the head by a polo pony at Old westburry . that 's nice . amnesia have definitely set in . he 's completely forget he 's engage . he want you . and I want he . I have be in love with he all my life . mmm , well , there go the engagement ! you do not object ? object ? to you ? it 's as though a window have be throw open and a lovely breeze sweep through this stuffy old house . how could I object ? even though the breeze come from the general direction of the garage ? ah , this be the 20th century , sabrina . 31 linus hand she a glass of champagne . sabrina : thank you . let 's drink to that . linus : I be sorry it be not David here instead of I . but it 's all in the family . sabrina : you know , when you just walk in here , I be sure you would be send by the family to deal with I . linus : to deal with you ? sabrina : like in a viennese operetta . the young prince fall in love with the waitress at the rathskeller and the Prime Minister be send to buy she off . linus : buy she off ? sabrina : yes . he offer she 5000 kronen . " no , " she say . " 10,000 ? " " no . " linus : 15,000 kronen ? sabrina : no. linus : 25,000 kronen ? sabrina : no. linus : 25,000 dollar ? sabrina : no. how do dollar get into this ? linus : 25,000 dollar after tax , that 's a lot of money , sabrina . sabrina : what be you try to say ? linus : I be just try to make it worthwhile . what 's a krone this day ? no self - respect Prime Minister would offer kronen . sabrina : no self - respect waitress would take dollar . linus : good girl . linus kiss sabrina on the cheek . linus : hey , how do this operetta end ? what 's the last act ? sabrina : I do not know . I guess they run away to America on a zeppelin with everybody sing like mad . linus : they open a brewery in milwaukee ? sabrina : yes . the love that make milwaukee famous . 32 linus : prosit ! sabrina : there it be . the song they be play the night before I go away . David be right here dance it with somebody else . tonight I want it to be I . linus : it 's all in the family . linus begin to dance with sabrina . int . live room - night a doctor be carefully remove all the break glass fragment from David 's buttock . oliver : how be we go to make sure that all the fragment have be remove ? doctor : very simple . we will reconstruct the two champagne glass . david : owe ! doctor : now I can not possibly be hurt you . the area have be anesthetize . david : it 's not you . it 's that song . oh ! int . tennis court - night linus : sabrina ? sabrina : if David be here now , you would expect he to kiss you , would not you ? sabrina : mmm . linus : here 's a kiss from David . linus kiss sabrina on the lip . linus : it 's all in the family . 33 9 . cold businessman int . larrabee mansion - day David be lie on he stomach . david : ooh ! come in . linus : hi. david : ooh ! linus : how do you feel ? david : I never feel better in my life . linus : you look fine . have the anesthetic wear off ? linus poke David 's behind . david : oooh !! linus : I guess it have . well , I bring you a present . david : what happen on the tennis court last night ? be sabrina mad because I do not show up ? linus : not mad , just disappointed . david : ah , poor kid . what do you tell she ? linus : the truth . that the family object to she , but you stand up like a man . david : good . linus : and sit down like a jerk . david : 23 stitches . linus hang up the plastic hammock . linus : here , this ought to make you feel better . david : a plastic hammock ? linus : uh-huh , . with atrapdoor . I design it myself and run it off at the factory this morning . david : on Sunday ? linus : why not ? you be in pain , so I have them open up the plant . 34 david : what a brother ! linus : all right , let 's try it on for size . come on . on you foot . david : oh ... oh ! I will never drink champagne again as long as ilive . what do you think of sabrina ? linus : wonderful girl . david : be you nice to she ? linus : as nice as I could be . david : oh , what a brother . I have be try to write my poem to she , but I , I can not seem to finish it . what rhyme with ' glass ' ? linus : Glass ? Glass ... uh ... ' ala '. david : of course . oh ! linus : right on the nose . linus smack David 's buttock with ski pole . david : linus !! linus : sorry , David . david : if sabrina be only here . hey , how about smuggle she up in a dumbwaiter ? linus : what if Father see she ? david : yeah , that 's right . we would not want to do anything to spoil it , would we ? linus : no , we sure would not . david : linus , will you do I a favor ? linus : any time . david : I know how this thing bore you , but would you mind keep a eye on sabrina for I ? linus : I have already think of that . as a matter of fact , I be take she sailing this afternoon . david : sail ? linus : uh-huh . in you boat . david : honest ? linus : uh-huh . david : linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : oh , sabrina ... tell she we will be off , just the two of we the moment Dr. calloway take the stitches out . well , then , you have already make up you mind ? absolutely . this be it . yes . well , I , I just want to make sure because this have be it three time before . iwas blind . that 's why . it 's be sabrina and I since we be kid . I just could not see she for the tree . what about Elizabeth ? what about Father and mother ? so what about them ? Elizabeth will be so break up , she will buy three new hat . mother will go to bed with a severe headache and the latest mickey spillane . and Father will take to the bottle openly and smoke six corona -coronas and then threaten to exile I to larrabee copper in butte , Montana . and that 's where you come in , linus . how ? I do not want to go to butte , Montana . you be gonna help I , be not you ? oh , yes , yes . I be go to help you , be not I ? oh , what a brother . there be a knock at the door . elizabeth : david : linus : elizabeth : david : elizabeth : linus : david : how 's my poor darling ? I bring you six book , dear and a game of scrabble . scrabble ? I be in no condition to play scrabble ! do not be silly . that 's all you be in a condition to play . I still do not understand what that glass be do in you pocket ? I be take they down to the tennis court . there be somebody wait . er , there be a game go on . in the dark ? in the middle of the night ? yes , that 's why he need the glass . yes , that 's why I need the glass . 36 David slip through the hole and hit he buttock on the floor . david : ow ! oh ! oh , oh . elizabeth : shall we play three - hand ? linus : no , thanks . I have get to go sailing . david : yes , he 's get to go sailing . linus : no more false move now . not until that stitches be out . david : yes , linus . linus : we do not want any complication to set in , do we ? so long , Elizabeth . so long , scarface . linus go into he own bedroom . Oliver stand in the closet . linus : good afternoon , Father . oliver : I think it be you mother . linus : I do not mind you smoking in my room , but not in my clothes closet . oliver : it 's good for the moth . now then , linus , what about that girl over the garage ? linus : David want to run off with she . oliver : that 's nice . with the chauffeur 's daughter ? linus : I do not care if he run off with gardener 's grandmother . ijust do not want he to run off with the plastic merger . oliver : I have get a very simple solution . we will fire Fairchild . linus : not after 25 year , Father . oliver : all right then , we will write she a nice little check and tell she to forget about David . linus : she do not want money . she want love . oliver : I think they discontinue that model . linus : the last of the romantics . l'amour , toujour l'amour . oliver : what ? why do she have to pick on David ? why can not she be in love with someone else ? linus : we will do we best . oliver : oh , oh , be that the idea ? linus : yep . 37 oliver : you have get someone in mind for she ? linus : yep . oliver : who ? linus : boola , boola , boola , boola , boola , boola , boo ... oliver : oh , no ! linus : what 's the matter ? oliver : not you , linus ! linus : hey , look , do you think this be any fun for I ? I have get a whole desk full of work I be plan to clean up over the weekend , and I be suppose to be in Texas on the sulphur deal . the whole Puerto rican operation have to be set in motion in the next 48 hour . and here I be go off to a sailboat to make a ass of myself , with a girl of 22 . look at I ! Joe College , with a touch of arthritis . oliver : could you use this , sailing into the sunset ? Oliver pull a break ukulele from the closet . linus : I wish I be dead with my back break . oliver : just a think . linus : Music might help . seem to I I have a portable phonograph in my freshman day . oliver : I only hope you remember what to do with a girl . linus : it will come back to I . it 's like riding a bicycle . ext . boat - day sabrina : this be a very unusual song . be it popular ? linus : oh , yes . sabrina : I wonder why I never hear it before ? linus : well , you have be in Paris for two year . sabrina : ( sing ) yes , we have no bananas , we have no bananas today . ( talk ) how do they think of that word ? linus : they be clever , be not they ? 38 sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : May I play another ? of course . oh , you need dusting . I beg you pardon ? I do not mean you , linus ! thank you . how 's David ? well , he 's be flat on he stomach but he 's feel better , thank you . now he 's flat on he back . imiss he . not that I be not have a good time . sabrina ? yes ? do you mind if we ... turn this off ? why ? because . do not you like it ? l use to like it . certain song bring back certain memory to I , too . do you love she ? I would rather not talk about it . I be sorry . that 's all right . it 's so strange to think of you be touch by a woman . I always think you walk alone . no man walk alone from choice . as a child , I use to watch you from the window over the garage . come and go , always wear you black homburg , carry a briefcase and a umbrella . I think you could never belong to anyone , never care for anyone . oh , yes , the cold businessman , way up in he executive suite . no emotion , just ice water in he vein , and ticker tape come from he heart . and yet one day , that same cold businessman , high up in a skyscraper , open the window , step out on a ledge , stand there for three hour , wonder if he should jump . 39 sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : because of she ? no , no , that be another woman . sabrina , do you find it hard to believe someone might want to blot out everything , for sentimental reason ? oh , I believe it ! you know what I almost do because of sentimental reason ? I ... I go to Paris to blot it out . maybe you should go to Paris , linus . to Paris ? it help I a lot . have you ever be there ? oh , yes . once . iwas there for 35 minute . 35 minute ? change plane . I be on my way to Iraq on a oil deal . but Paris be not for change plane . it 's ... it 's for change you outlook . for throw open the window and let in ... let in la vie en rise . Paris be for lover . maybe that 's why I stay only 35 minute . ext . garage - evening Fairchild be out wash the roll royce . sabrina : fairchild : sabrina : fairchild : sabrina : fairchild : sabrina : ( to she dog ) hi , David . hello , Father . Margaret have some dinner for you in the kitchen . funny . I use to be so afraid of he . be not you hungry ? Father , you have drive linus for so many year . what do you know about he ? a chauffeur 's suppose to keep he eye on the road , sabrina . only once in a while do he get a glimpse in the rear-view mirror . if you look a little longer , Father , you would find he nice . and quite human . 40 10 . the cure int . roll royce - morning linus : good morning , miss mccardle . first , a wire to hannegan , Fort Worth , Texas . " unable to attend larrabee sulphur board meeting because of slight hitch in larrabee plastic merger . " get that ? next . here 's the itinerary for tonight . I want two ticket to the Seven Year itch . table for two at the colony before the show , a table for two at the Persian room after the show . make it a corner table , a dark corner . we be just pass La guardia field . you can put the coffee on in 10 minute and make it strong . linus : Fairchild , I will be need you tonight . fairchild : yes , sir . linus : I be take sabrina out again . fairchild : yes , sir . linus : would you have she at my office at seven o'clock ? fairchild : yes , sir . linus : anything wrong , Fairchild ? fairchild : I would very much prefer that you would dispense with my service on this date with my daughter , sir . it make for a rather awkward situation . linus : oh , I see . that never occur to I . I be sorry . fairchild : it 's just not right , sir . I like to think of life as alimousine . though we be all drive together , we must remember we place . there 's a front seat , a back seat and a window in between . linus : Fairchild , I never realize it before , but you be a terrible snob . fairchild : yes , sir . linus : all right . have she take one of other car and drive in herself . have she take David 's car . fairchild : thank you , sir . it 's all so distress . first Mr. David , now you . I wish sabrina would have stay in Paris . linus : so do 1 . 41 fairchild : May I ask , sir , what exactly be you intention ? linus : my intention ? unethical , reprehensible but very practical . fairchild : I beg you pardon ? linus : with you permission , Fairchild , I be shipping you daughter back to Paris . fairchild : you be , sir ? linus : that be , I be go to try to ship she back . fairchild : May I ask how , sir ? linus : first class , of course . and I do not want you to worry about money . fairchild : it 's not money I be worried about , sir . it 's sabrina . I just do not want she to get hurt . linus : I will be as gentle as I can . fairchild : ithope so , sir . she 's just a displace person , I be afraid . she do not belong in a mansion , but then again she do not belong above a garage either . int . larrabee office - evening sabrina : all right ! she pound she fist on the table . sabrina : the meeting of the board of director of the larrabee industry will now come to order . as the chairman of the board , I would like to say at the outset ... the chairman be so dizzy . linus : meeting adjourned . have a freeze daiquiri . sabrina : I once see a office like this in a old copy of fortune magazine at my dentist 's . have David get a office like this ? linus : something like this , only larger . sabrina : larger ? linus : oh , yes . instead of a desk , he have a put green . 42 linus hand a daiquiri to sabrina . linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : please , sabrina , before my finger get frostbitten . be this the ledge ? what ledge ? you know , the ledge ... that woman ... when you almost ... oh , the ledge . yes , that 's the ledge , all right . what make you not do it ? it be some child play hopscotch on the sidewalk . I be very fond of that child . look at all this gadget . just imagine , you press a button and factory goup . or you pick up a telephone and 100 tanker set out for persia . or you switch on a dictaphone and say , " buy all of Cleveland and move it to Pittsburgh . " you must be awfully clever . oh , it 's nothing really . just a small knack , like juggling three orange . it be not orange , it 's million . suppose you drop one ? suppose I do ? what 's at the end of a million ? Zero , zero , zero . nothing . a circle with a hole in it . sabrina ... yes , linus ? can you keep a secret ? secret ? yes , of course you can . I want you to look out there . linus point out over the harbor . linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : linus : sabrina : uptown . you see the french line pier ? yes . you see the boat ? yes . that 's the liberté . it sail on Thursday . I be go to be on it . you be ? 43 linus : yes , iam . I be sick of push button , sick of secretary , sick of this office . I be break out , sabrina . I be run away . sabrina : good for you ! sabrina : I have be think about Paris ever since you mention it . it 's all you fault , sabrina . sabrina : it will make a new person out of you . I guarantee , or double you money back . oh , linus , I be so glad you be go . oram |? miss mccardle walk into the office . mccardle : it 's 7:35 , Mr. larrabee . you have a dinner reservation at the colony . linus : thank you . ready , sabrina ? sabrina : " tout de suite , " as they say in Paris . mccardle : curtain be at 8:40 . I use you brother 's name at the colony . I get you the darkest corner . I be sorry , Mr. larrabee . int . colony - evening sabrina : this be what you do on you very first day in Paris . you get yourself some rain . not just a drizzle , but some honest - to - goodness rain . then you find yourself someone really nice and drive she through the bois de boulogne in a taxi . the rain 's very important because that 's when Paris smell its sweetest . it 's the damp chestnut tree , you see ? linus : I see . sabrina : you be very clever , linus , and very rich . you can order yourself some rain . linus : sure . I can order myself some rain . I can get myself ataxi . that 's easy . but can I find myself someone really nice ? that 's not so easy , sabrina . 44 linus and sabrina be out on the dance floor . linus : how do you say in french , " my sister have a yellow pencil " ? sabrina : " ma soeura un crayon jaune . " linus : how do you say , " my brother have a lovely girl " ? sabrina : " mon frere a une gentille petite amie . " linus : and how do you say , " I wish I be my brother " ? int . david' roadstar - night sabrina : ( sing in french ) linus : why be you look at I that way ? sabrina : all night long I have have a terrible impulse to do something . linus : oh , never resist a impulse , sabrina , especially if it 's terrible . sabrina : I be go to do it . sabrina grab linus 's hat and turn its brim down . sabrina : there . linus : what 's that for ? sabrina : we can not have you walk up and down the champ elysee look like a tourist undertaker . and another thing , never a briefcase in Paris and never a umbrella . there 's a law . linus : how be I ever go to get along in Paris without someone like you ? who will be there to help I with my french ? to turn down the brim of my hat ? sabrina : suppose you meet someone on the boat , the very first day ? a perfect stranger . linus : I have a better suppose , sabrina . suppose I be ten year young . suppose you be not in love with David . suppose I ask you to ... oh , I suppose I be just talk nonsense . sabrina : I suppose so . linus : suppose you sing that song again . slowly . sabrina : ( sing in french ) ext . garage - night david : hi ! I think you two have elope . I would not mind , but not in my car . sabrina : hello , David . david : do you have a good time ? sabrina : so-so. david : where do you go ? linus : we see the Seven Year itch and go on to the Persian room . david : lousy dancer , be not he ? sabrina : so-so. david : I bet he sleep through half the show and then bent you ear back the rest of the evening with Dow Jones average , corporate structure , excess -profit tax . sabrina : we talk about a lot of thing . linus : how 's you little , er , mishap ? david : shape up beautifully . Dr. calaway 's so proud of the job he want to show it to he class at Columbia medical school . ( to sabrina ) oh , I be sorry , sabrina . sabrina : it 's very funny . david : say , linus , while I be lie in that hammock , I get a great idea . ( to sabrina ) he think I be a idiot . ( to linus ) how do this strike you ? plastic champagne glass out of plastic just in case . linus : brilliant . what else do Dr. calloway have to say ? david : mmm , stitches come out Thursday . linus : Thursday ? 46 david : I be a fast healer . linus : you sure be . david : so if you two have long - range plan ... linus : no. nothing long range . I , I just think sabrina would like to see the stock exchange and we plant in Jersey . sabrina : oh , I do not think so . linus : then we will just have dinner in town and go to a show . david : but that 's all , brother , because come Thursday , the first team take over . hey , what 's with the homburg ? linus turn the brim of he hat back up . linus : I guess the undertaker have better turn in , and you would better crawl back into that hole in you hammock . au revoir , sabrina . sabrina : good night , linus . david : he 's a little on the dull side , be not he ? but you can not help like he . sabrina : kiss I , David . david : I would love to , sabrina . sabrina : again . ... that 's better . david : what 's the matter , darling ? you be not worried about we , be not you ? I 'mnot . there will be a big stink in the family . who care ? sabrina : David , I do not think I be go to have dinner with linus . I do not want to go out with he . david : why not ? sabrina : I want to be near you . david : oh , I know how you feel , sabrina . it must be a awful bore . but if linus want to take you out , let 's be nice about it . it 's very important . he 's we only ally . do not you see , Father will try to cut off my allowance and send I to larrabee copper in butte , Montana . and we do not want to go to butte , Montana , do we ? at sabrina : hold I close , David . david : we will have a wonderful time , darling . we will build ourselves a raft and drift across the Pacific like kon - tiki . or climb the high mountain , like annapurna , just the two of we . sabrina : keep talk , David . keep talk . 11 . the liberté int . larrabee office - day elizabeth : we think of pink rose for the cherub and white gardenias for the name . it will take about 2,000 gardenias . we will float the whole thing in we pool . linus : indoor or outdoor ? elizabeth : outdoor , of course . we drain the water from the indoor pool to make room for present . mr . tyson : where 's the provision determine the ratio of invest capital to control interest ? linus : page 62 paragraph six , uh , subdivision B. elizabeth : Father , where 's the list ? mr . tyson : here you be , darling . elizabeth : would you like to see the invitation list ? Oliver noisily stir he drink . he try to get the last olive out of the bottle . mr . tyson : ( read ) ... 16,749 under trust of Illinois . 550 ... Oliver walk over to Mr. tyson and take the paper clip from the contract . mr . tyson : who be you lawyer , linus ? the way this merger 's 48 linus : mr . tyson : linus : elizabeth : linus : elizabeth : mr . tyson : work out , I have all the title and you have all the control . I always make it a point to have control . yeah , it 's just you good luck the kid be so fond of each other . I always make it a point to be lucky , too . come on , Father . oh , linus , you will not forget the gardenias now , will you ? uh-huh . tony lennox have the sweetest idea . he 's go to fly over the chapel and throw rice at we from he plane . with David the bridegroom , maybe he would better use wild rice . Mr. tyson and Elizabeth leave the room . oliver : linus : oliver : linus : oliver : linus : oliver : linus : all I can say be , David better show up at this wedding . I have a horrible vision of Elizabeth wait at the altar , and 2,000 gardenias float in the pool spelling " disaster " . a memo to miss mccardle . first , call brunson in larrabee ship . we will be need 2,000 gardenias . tell he to start cornere the market . next I want ... you be not have any trouble with that , that ... I never can remember that garage girl 's name . sabrina . what right have a chauffeur get to call he daughter " sabrina " ? what would you suggest ? " ethel " ? you have take she out now three night in a row . be that situation in hand ? I think so . it 's resolve itself into a straight export deal . ( into intercom ) and next miss mccardle , I want two accommodation on the liberté . one in the name of sabrina Fairchild , one in my name . 49 oliver : linus : oliver : linus : oliver : linus : oliver : linus : oliver : linus : oliver : linus : oliver : linus : what 's this ? what 's this ? you and that girl go off on a boat together ? have I spawn two idiot son ? who say I be go ? she be go because she will think lam go , but I be not really go . be that clear ? it be not ! I be go to tell sabrina that I will meet she on the boat . when the boat be ten mile out at sea , she will find out that I be not on the boat . uhh ? my cabin will be empty . just a note of apology anda few present to soften the blow . excellent . yes , I think you would like it . ( into intercom ) miss mccardle , I want flower in miss Fairchild 's cabin . candy , fruit and the usual what - have - yous . next , cable miss show to get she a car in Paris , also a apartment . next , a letter of credit on we Paris bank . she can draw up to 50,000 . easy , now . next , transfer to Thomas Fairchild 1,000 share , larrabee common . 1,000 share ?! make it 1,500 share , larrabee preferred . seem to I there ought to be a less extravagant way of get a chauffeur 's daughter out of one 's hair . how would you do it ? you can not even get a little olive out of a jar . linus break the jar on the desk . linus : eat it . int . larrabee build - day sabrina make she way over to the elevator . conductor : go up ? sabrina : no , thank you . sabrina walk over to a pay phone and dial a number . linus : mccardle : linus : mccardle : linus : sabrina : linus : yes ? miss Fairchild for you , Mr. larrabee . send she in . she 's on the phone . take it on five . sabrina ? what happen to you ? it 's twenty past eight . good evening , linus . I knowi be late . I guess I should have call you earlier . I can not see you tonight . I be very sorry I just can not make it . I try but I be all tie up . _ no , I be not in Long Island . I be in New York . oh , downtown in a phone booth in a building . what difference do it make , what building , linus ? I , I can not see you tonight . oh , all right , it 's , it 's the larrabee Building , but I be not come up . look , sabrina , suppose you tell I exactly what 's on you mind , slowly and clearly ? you talk and I will listen . linus quickly lay the phone down on he desk . sabrina : well , you see it be really David 's idea I go out with you because he want you to help he . but the trouble be , it 's not help I any . I should not have be see you , linus . I should not even be talk to you on the phone . in fact , I be really only call to say goodbye because tomorrow you will be on the boat to Paris . the elevator door open and linus step out into the lobby . sabrina : in a way , I be glad you be go . you do know what I mean , do not you , linus ? linus ? hello , linus ? where be you , linus ? linus : you three minute be up . sabrina : oh , hello . this be silly , 1 be talk to myself . linus : you have waste a dime , too . come on . sabrina : you be not angry with I , be you ? linus : of course , not . sabrina : I have a perfectly good reason why I should not see you tonight . linus : not here , sabrina . 12 . smell salt sabrina and linus walk into the dark office . linus : all right , sabrina , what be that perfectly good reason why you should not see I ? what be it ? what 's bother you ? sabrina : it 's I that 's bother I . linus turn on the light . sabrina : please do not . linus : I be sorry . sabrina : I know I be not make much sense , linus . linus : would you like a drink ? sabrina : I do not think I want a drink . linus : I think I do . linus walk over to the bar . linus : why do not you sit down ? sabrina : I can only stay a minute . linus : mind if I turn on this little one ? sabrina : if you want . linus : I would hate to fix myself a martini with creme de menthe . the intercom buzze . linus : yes ? mccardle : I cancel you dinner reservation , Mr. larrabee . what about the theatre ticket ? sabrina : oh , I could not possibly go anywhere . linus : they be all yours , miss mccardle . good night . linus walk back over to the bar . linus : you be sure you will not have even one ? sabrina : no , thanks . linus : you must be hungry . sabrina : I have not think about it . linus : well , I be starve . I be sort of save myself for 21 tonight . sabrina : I have spoiled you evening , have not ip linus : no , you have not . we can have dinner right here . let 's see what miss mccardle be hoard . probably maraschino cherries and stale cracker . linus open the cupboard . linus : tomato juice , puffed rice , sardine , tomato juice , tomato juice , tomato juice . sabrina : that 's a awful lot of tomato juice . linus : suppose you could fix something out of this ? sabrina : isuppose so . I 'ma graduate cook , you know . I have a diploma . linus : oh , it will take a diploma . sabrina : I want to be so sure I could not go out with you tonight . and here I be cooking for you . I guess maybe I should have wear a apron . linus : one apron , come up . linus find a apron in a bottom cupboard . linus : pots. pans. canopener . stove . all the comfort of home . you know , miss mccardle once cook dinner here for the board of director . after the first course , there be a move to adjourn . it be pass unanimously . what do we start with ? sabrina : I have not decide yet . sabrina begin to cry . linus : now , sabrina , let 's have none of that . sabrina : I be so ashamed , linus . linus : you have no reason to be . sabrina : I have know you only a few day , just a few day really . and I have be in love with David all my life . I can not understand what 's the matter with I . I go away to grow up and I think I have grow up , but I guess I have not really . I just get myself a new hairdo , that 's all . please say something . linus : like what ? sabrina : I do not know . tell I I be imagine thing . tell I you never even think of take I on the boat to Paris with you . tell I to put on my coat and go home before I make a complete fool of myself . but do not let I go home . I could not bear it . this be the last time we will see each other . I will behave , linus . I be all right now . linus : that 's good . how about dinner ? sabrina : I just remember I do not have any lunch today . linus : you do not ? sabrina : or any breakfast , either . linus : that may account for a lot of thing . sabrina : would you like a soufflé for dessert ? linus : out of tomato juice ? sabrina : out of cracker , of course . linus : not too soggy , huh ? sabrina : you would better get out of the kitchen . linus walk out onto the ledge and look at the liberté . sabrina : which one be the liberté ? linus : the one on the right . sabrina : be you sure ? you must not take the wrong boat . linus : I will try not to . sabrina : you have not forget my instruction , have you ? never a umbrella in Paris , and under all circumstance rain the very first day . linus : I have not forget a word , sabrina . my sister have a yellow pencil . " ma soeura un crayon jaune . " sabrina : very good . tres bien . watch . one , two , three , crack . New egg . it 's all in the wrist . there must be a egg beater somewhere . sabrina go over to the desk , and happen to notice two ticket for the liberté . sabrina : linus ! linus ! why do not you tell I ? you do want to take I with you , do not you ? she show linus the ticket . linus : this do not mean what you think they mean . sabrina : I know why you do not tell I . because you think it 's wrong . they will say I be too young for you , there will be a awful scandal , and the market will go down . linus larrabee esquire be take I to Paris . linus : sabrina , I ... I be not go to take you to Paris . I be go to send you . sabrina : alone ? linus : yes , all alone . sabrina : but there 's a ticket for you . linus : for a empty cabin . sabrina : you be join I in Paris , be that it ? linus : I be afraid not . sabrina : I think I understand . linus : I be sorry . sabrina : but why ? why do you do it , linus ? linus : High finance . expansion . Marriage . a merger . anew plaque on the larrabee Building . you get in the way . sabrina : David ? linus : that 's right . sabrina : how inconsiderate of I . and how inconvenient for you , such a busy man , have to waste so much time to get I on a boat . linus : I be ashamed to say I enjoy every minute of it . sabrina : and I suppose , in you empty cabin , there would have be a farewell note , dictate to and type by miss mccardle ? and perhaps a few flower . linus : a little more than that . linus walk over to he desk and read off the arrangement . linus : a letter of credit . a apartment in Paris . a car . 1,500 share of larrabee preferred for you father . sabrina : you be very generous . linus : we regard it as a necessary business expense . sabrina : I will just take one of that ticket . linus hand she a ticket . sabrina : I be happy in Paris . I think you would have be , too . good night , Mr. larrabee . I be sorry I can not stay to do the dish . int . larrabee office - morning secretary # 1 : good Morning . secretary # 2 : good Morning , miss mccardle . secretary # 3 : good Morning . secretary # 4 : good Morning . mccardle : good Morning . she grab the mail and walk into linus 's office . mccardle : linus : mccardle : linus : mccardle : linus : mccardle : linus : mccardle : linus : mccardle : linus : mccardle : Mr. larrabee ? come in , miss mccardle . good morning . good morning . you be late . I have to make my own coffee . worst ever . sorry . I have avery bad night . I know exactly how you feel . well , you better get that pad . we have thing to do . I use you theatre ticket and take my mother . be you ready ? yes . first , call larrabee ship . tell they to radio we tanker bound for Puerto Rico to turn back . next , call larrabee construction and tell they to stop work on the new plant . we be cancel the larrabee plastic merger . we be ?! next , I want Mr. larrabee senior , Mr. tyson and miss Elizabeth tyson here in this office as soon as possible . better have a large bottle of smell salt around . we be call off the wedding . we be ? linus : mccardle : mccardle : mccardle : linus : when 's you mother 's birthday ? why ? I be send she 2,000 gardenias . here 's a ticket for the liberté . have it transfer to the name of David larrabee . you better get he passport out and make sure it 's in order . next , see if you can locate David . the boat sail at noon . I have call the house for a hour and he be not there . try Dr. calloway . try everywhere , but get he . do you still want I to send all that present to miss Fairchild 's cabin ? no . we be send David instead . 13 . a silly homburg int . larrabee office david : linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : good morning . you will be happy to hear the stitches be out . it 's as good as new . congratulation . I have be look for you . and I have be look for you . you be leave for Paris today . no kid . with sabrina . she 's go to be on the boat . uh-huh ? do she have to be in here ? David point to miss mccardle . linus : david : all right , miss mccardle . you have get a lot of work to do . ( to David ) be not you pleased with the news ? what 's the matter with you ? I see sabrina when she come home last night . linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : linus : mmm-hmm . found she pack . what do she say ? nothing . she just kiss I . what 's wrong with that ? well , I may know nothing about Dow Jones but I do know something about kiss . yes , you could lecture on that at Vassar . this one taste like , um , a goodbye kiss . you be just imagine thing . no , it have a few tear init . I be not very bright . it take I until this morning to add two and two together , like , uh , two champagne glass and the plastic deal and sabrina . you know what I get ? what ? David punch linus in the face . david : linus : david : linus : david : linus : david : linus : sorry to do it to a tired businessman . that 's all right . well , now we be even . suppose you go home and start pack . I will take care of Elizabeth . I be call off the merger at the board meeting . miss mccardle will have you passport and you ticket . let she know if you need any money . I want you and sabrina to have a good time in Paris . Goodbye . what make you so sure sabrina still want I ? of course she want you . she 's want you all she life . until you come along in that silly homburg . well , suppose you straighten that silly straw hat and on you way , or you will miss the boat . do not worry , I will not miss the boat . I be go . funniest thing . linus larrabee , the man who do not burn , scorch or melt , suddenly throw a 20 million dollar deal out the window . be you sure you do not want to go with she ? why should I want to go with she ? david : because you be in love with she . int . roll royce - day Fairchild be drive sabrina to the port . fairchild : you will not be annoyed if I cry at the boat , will you , sabrina ? sabrina : I will be disappointed if you do not , Father . fairchild : I would feel so much better if only you would be angry with I for allow this to happen . sabrina : it be not you fault , Father . it be mine . she give Fairchild a kiss on the cheek . sabrina : I should have believe you . there 's a front seat and a back seat and a window in between . fairchild : if it 's any consolation , one good thing 's come out of it , anyway . you do get over David , do not you ? sabrina : dear David . yes , I do get over that . I be cure . now I have to get over the cure ! fairchild : it would not have work out really , darling . the papers and everybody else would have say " how fine and democratic for a larrabee to marry the chauffeur 's daughter . " but would they praise the chauffeur 's daughter ? no. democracy can be a wickedly unfair thing , sabrina . nobody poor be ever call democratic for marrying somebody rich . int . larrabee office - day oliver : why do not we start this meeting and sign the papers ? elizabeth : we be wait for David , of course . mr. tyson : yes , we be wait for David . 60 oliver : that boy have no sense of time . no sense of direction . as a matter of fact , he have no sense . where be he , linus ? linus : we will get to that in a minute . mccardle : here be the smell salt , Mr. larrabee . I get you the large size . elizabeth : linus , look what I buy he for waikiki Beach . I hope they be loud enough . linus : I hope they be returnable . he watch as the liberté depart from the harbor . linus : well , gentleman , I see no need for any further delay . suppose we get down to business ? elizabeth : but what about David ? mr . tyson : yes , what about David ? linus : that 's a very good question . ( to miss mccardle ) not yet . ( to group ) Mr. tyson , member of the board ... be you with we , Father ? oliver : present . linus : as you know , gentleman , we be here to put we signature to the larrabee - tyson merger . much effort have go into make this union possible . Long hour , many obstacle to overcome . nobody know better than i. however ... ( to miss mccardle ) not yet . ( to group ) however , sometimes even the most conscientious of businessman can botch up a deal for one reason or another . now , understand I , I do not mean to say that we merger have hit a snag , or fail to jell , or go up in smoke , or fall through . let I put it this way , gentleman . it have sail away . oliver : I seem to have miss something here . would you mind start again ? linus : now , miss mccardle . 61 miss mccardle stand up and open the bottle of smell salt . linus : Elizabeth , I hate to have to break the news , but at this very moment , you fiancé , David larrabee ... david : be late , as usual . David walk into the office wear linus 's hat . david : hello , everybody . hello , darling . hello , linus . how be you ? linus : what be you do here ? david : I hear there be a board meeting go on . where be the contract ? where do I sign ? linus : where 's sabrina ? elizabeth : sabrina ? who 's sabrina ? oliver : that name ! that name ! david : she 's on the boat , I guess . linus : yeah , but the boat have sail . david : and there she go . mr . tyson : who go ? david : sabrina . elizabeth : who be sabrina ? linus : why do you do it ? david : do what ? linus : she 's all alone out there . david : not accord to the afternoon papers . David pull out a newspaper from he jacket pocket . david : it say here that " linus larrabee " , that 's you , be not it ? " and sabrina Fairchild " , that 's she , be not it ? " have quietly reserve adjacent deck chair on the liberté , sailing today . oliver : all columnist should be beat to a pulp and convert into paper . 62 linus : do you plant this ? david : I ? I think it be common knowledge about you and sabrina . elizabeth : who be sabrina ? david : we chauffeur 's daughter , that 's who she be . now , how about that , gentleman ? linus larrabee , wizard of finance , man of distinction , chairman of the board of larrabee industry , get mix up with he chauffeur 's daughter . linus : that 's enough , David . david : she go after I for a while , but she switch to linus . I guess it 's because he 's get more money . now we all know about that kind of girl . believe I , gentleman , this one be no different , just seem to be . linus : I say that 's enough . david : maybe you get smart , linus . or maybe you just get lucky , because you be here and she 's out there . brother ! she would have take you for plenty . linus punch David in the face . david : I be just help you make up you mind . you be in love with she ! what be you wait for ? David throw linus he hat and umbrella . david : there 's a elevator outside , a police escort downstairs and a tugboat stand by at the larrabee pier . get move ! linus : well , if you will excuse I , gentleman , it appear I have a previous engagement . oliver : that 's the 20th century for you . automobile . garage . chauffeur . chauffeur ' daughter ! linus rush out of the office . oliver : in as much as I seem to be the only member of the 63 larrabee family who be not out of he mind , I will take it upon myself to call this meeting back to order ... as soon as David larrabee remove he carcass from this table . david : sit down , Father . Oliver sit down and shatter the jar of olive in he back pocket . oliver : the olive ! ext . liberte deck - day steward : miss Fairchild ? jl ya un monsieur sur le bateau . qui voudrait bien que vous lui arrangiez son chapeau . sabrina : voila . steward : merci beaucoup . linus come walk up behind she . the end 64