David boxerbaum apa 405 South beverly drive beverly Hills , CA 90212 Adam kolbrenner madhouse entertainment 8484 wilshire Blvd. , # 640 beverly Hills , CA 90211 safe house by David guggenheim fade in : int . ana 's bedroom —- morning early sunlight glow around the corner of the curtain . a hand feel about a woman 's leg . matt weston make love to he girlfriend ana ramo , they two body twist underneath white sheet . he be 28 . handsome . a all - american face . Bright , green and eager to prove he worth -- a horse itching for its gate to open . she be out of he league . 25 . brazilian . equal part brain and beauty . a shower run . int . bathroom - moment later Matt in the shower , water stream off he body . int . ana 's bedroom - moment later Ana , still wrap up in the cover , watch Matt dress . ana stay . matt can not . get work and you get class . ana we can call in sick . ( play cough ) matt tempt but I gotta get down to the site . ana they really can not survive a day without you ? matt they can . just not today . the New York office be send another rep to make sure the hotel be come together right and my boss need I to play translator between he and the new foreman . he tie he shoe , finish up . ana wait . I wanna look at you . he head over . she stare at he with gorgeous green emerald . ana ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you look blurry . matt that 's cause you be not wear you contact . ana mmmm . ..good point . Matt smile . kiss she forehead . from under the bed , he produce a second edition copy of mother Goose Children 's picture Book . matt happy six month . ana my God , Matt . matt think I forget , huh ? ana no , I just do not know we be do anything . matt well , I want to . ana ( examine she present ) it 's amazing . matt I know it 's not a first edition , but -- ana ( not caring ) shut up . where have you find it ? matt this shop in lapa . ana I love it . thank you . they kiss . ana ( cont 'd ) be you absolutely sure you have to go ? matt yes . ( kiss ) ana but I have not give you you present yet . she drag he back onto the bed and they disappear under the cover . kiss . giggle . in love . CUT to -- ext . rio do janeiro - establishing — morning fleeting shot of the city : Christ the redeemer sit atop the corcovado Mountain . the maracana Stadium . the cable car at sugarloaf . ext . STREET market —- morning teeming with people , trading spice , hawk craft . Matt negotiate with a vendor for some fruit . cave . hand over more Real than he want to . ext . rio STREET - morning a crowded commuter bus drive by , spew black smoke . int . bus - morning Matt stand in the back , do the crossword puzzle . new angle -- the crossword puzzle make that finish the crossword puzzle . ext . rio STREET - zona norte ( NORTH zone ) - morning empty storefront . bodegas . crowd corner pack with seedy local . Matt hike up a steep - sidewalk , talk on he phone : matt hey , it 's I . ( listen ) yeah , I know what time it be , but this be the only time I get to call . ( more ) matt ( cont 'd ) ( listen ) yes , I do think it 's funny you have to get up early -- that 's why I sign up for the '' piss off you friend and family plan '' . I be really happy with it . ( listen ) okay , I be sorry , do you want I to hang up ? ( listen ) alright then , tell I : how 's mom ? he pause , listen -- face fall a bit . matt ( cont 'd ) okay . ( listen ) okay . ( listen ) I do not know . hopefully . I be get pretty hammer with work lately , but maybe sometime next month . the check be still come to you , right ? ( listen ) yeah , I know that they be not but it 's all I get right now . ( listen ) I know . and you ? how you hold up ? ( listen ) I hear ya . stay strong baby brother . ( listen ) okay . you too . later . he hang up , arrive : ext . apartment build - day a former hotel since convert into affordable housing unit . nine storey high . walk up , Matt find he elderly neighbor struggle to wheel she laundry cart up the crack marble step . in portuguese ; not subtitle : matt let I help you . neighbor a godsend . thank you . he take the cart , bring it up to the door and swing it open , let they both inside . int . apartment build - ninth floor hallway - morning concrete wall , water -stain and graffiti-lace . wire hang from the ceiling like snake . loud too . wall so paper thin we can hear the baby wailing in 5 - C ; the couple scream in 3 - B ; and the alarm still buz in 7 - F . Matt arrive at a paint-chipped door at the end of the corridor -- the only apartment on the floor -- and remove a laser - cut key from he pocket . ecu -- the key slightly larger than a regular key -- with a series of encrypt diode along its edge . Matt slip it into the lock , enter : int . apartment —- continuous a alarm beeps . Matt punch in a five-digit code -- shutting it off . as soon as he close the door -- -- silence . the whole world just seem to disappear . as he step further inside , first thing we notice about the apartment -- -- how little there be to notice : bare wall ; bare floor ; no window ; no real furniture . it look like it be rob but since Matt be not worried , we can only assume this be how it always look . int . kitchen - moment later Matt open the fridge and toss in the fruit he buy . it land beside fifteen unlabel water bottle , six Red bull can -- -- and twelve packet of o + blood . int . unidentified room - moment later pitch black until a light flicker on and a dozen monitor wink to life , present twelve view of the eight - room apartment . Matt sit down in a steel chair and pick up a secure red phone . a flat voice answer : operator ( v.o. ) satcom ten . matt South America . operator ( v.o. ) designator ? matt echo bravo two three . operator ( v.o. ) transferring . Matt pop open a Red bull -- chk -thock ! -- and take a sip . we hear a second voice . female . humorless . this be the : landlord ( v.0o . ) landlord . matt this be House 7 - R . we be open for business . a series of electronic click then : landlord ( v.o. ) confirm . matt any reservation ? landlord ( v.o. ) nothing in the registry . matt walk - in' ? landlord ( v.o. ) not expect . matt cancellation ? landlord ( v.o. ) none as of yet . matt any word about my report ? landlord ( v.o. ) what report ? matt I send a report to Virginia in the overnight pouch . a beat . landlord ( v.o. ) I have no record . Matt register disappointment . a loud whoosh as we CUT to -- ext . virginia backroad - day a black BMW X - 3 whip past . a phone ring . int . BMW — day david barlow drive . 45 . horn -rimm glass . always serious . even he underwear be irone . barlow ( answer into he bluetooth ) David barlow . intercut : int . phone booth - brazil - same just around the corner from the apartment . matt hey , it 's I . barlow this be a open line . matt I know the protocol . barlow then why be not you follow they ? matt Cause I do not want this to be a official call . barlow I be not you handler , Matt . matt as you have tell I . barlow several time . matt I will be quick . I just wanna know : what do harlan think of my report ? barlow which report be that ? matt Key surveillance threat . I put it in a overnight pouch . he read it , right ? barlow Matt -- matt you give it to he , right ? barlow sigh . barlow no . matt no ? why ? barlow because I do not need he give it back to I , ask why I give it to he in the first place . matt you be say he would not read it ? barlow I be say no one would read it . it 's unsolicite . barlow arrive at a fortify gate . stop at the security arm . matt what do that mean ? a marine guard approach he window . barlow hand over he id : David barlow - South America - Central Intelligence Agency . barlow it mean you be not a agent , Matt . you be just a housekeeper . stick to keep house . operational intel be about eight rung above you head . Matt -- stung . he 's ready for more responsibility , but be not get the chance . the guard hand barlow back he id . barlow ( cont 'd ) look , I gotta go . do not call I from this phone again . barlow disconnect the call and drive up to : ext . CIA headquarters - langley -— continuous the leave on the american basswood tree be just start to turn and fall . end intercut . int . phone booth —- day Matt -- piss -- hang up the phone . club music pulsate . CUT to -- int . rio strip club - day low -rent and seedy . milan maxim sit in a VIP booth . 33 . serbian . two girl on either side , he drink and smoke heavily . ext . strip club - same a audi with tinted window pull up in front of the club . tobin frost step out . 55 . ex - CIA field officer . this guy wear he year . Salt and pepper hair tuck underneath a hat . steel - grey eye that burn with intensity -- deep and intelligent . he may not move as fast as he use to -- but there 's still plenty of fight in he . he shut the car door . head into the club . new angle -- the build across from he int . dim room - same where emile vargas watch frost disappear from a top floor window . ex - paramilitary . gun for hire . hard body . not particularly large -- just lethal . int . strip club - moment later with maxim and frost in the club 's roped - off area . the girl be go . replaced by bodyguard . big. brood . 10 . a waitress carry over a tray of tequila shot . maxim drink ? frost shake he head . maxim ( cont 'd ) I will have yours then . he take off four glass while frost take everything in : the gun bulge inside the bodyguard 's jacket ; the sleazy clientele ; the public drug use ; needle ; coke . frost can we move this along ? before I need a tetanus shot . maxim toss back two of the drink , light up a cigarette , reach down and bring up : halliburton zero steel briefcase he set it between they . blow smoke up into the air . maxim the original eye - only file . 100 % unredacted intel . it 's a bargain at triple the price . frost how would you get it ? maxim who care . only thing that matter be I come through , yes ? frost not if it 's tag . maxim impossible . it come from a clerk in they haifa office . look for yourself . frost unlock the case . pop it open . inside the case : rub alcohol , cotton swab , a tiny pod and something that resemble a staple gun . maxim ( cont 'd ) some of you old boss be not gonna like this file out in the open . 11 . frost I do not care . that 's why they be my old boss . frost -- satisfied -- close the case . maxim so we good ? frost you be still here , be not you ? frost do a shot , grab the case and move away . we follow he out -- past drunk man , claw at woman . disgusting asshole . frost spy -- tuck into the corner -- a drunk . about he size . slapping a stripper across the face . frost stop , size the guy up . he turn to frost . lock eye . drunk the fuck you look at , puto ? frost refuse to look away . instead , he calmly reach into he pocket -- withdraw a wad of cash . CUT to -- int . dim room — moment later vargas -- at the window -- aim through the lens of a Mark 12 mod 0 spr ( special purpose rifle ) . ext . strip club - moment later frost step outside the club , Halliburton in hand . phft ! a bullet rip into he head . he drop to the ground -- blood splattering the sidewalk . bystander scream -- race away -- freak . except one : a local . he rush up to the body -- grab the briefcase and pop it open right there . it 's empty . local quickly look to the body . shirt 's a different color . continue up to the face -- wait -- not frost -- it 's the drunk asshole -- bill stick out of he pants pocket . local peer up the window across the street but -- 12 . -- it 's empty . no vargas . just a blow curtain . int . strip club - bathroom - same frost at the mirror . in front of he : the rub alcohol , cotton swab , pea-size pod and staple gun . quick shot : he slip off he jacket -- roll up he sleeve -- douse a swab with alcohol and swab he leave arm . he take the gun -- load the pod -- and thwack ! -- inject something into himself . ext . strip club - moment later the back door of the strip club swing open . frost move briskly out -- san jacket and hat . a cab drive up . frost flag it . step inside . the car start drive away . int . cab — same frost stare ahead . suddenly -- phft ! -- a bullet rip through the driver 's head . he slump down -- spin the wheel -- ext . rio STREET - same -- crashing the car against a park hydrant . int . cab - same frost jerk forward -- slam he head against the partition . daze , he shake he eye clear as -- phft ! -- a bullet spider - web the glass behind he -- just whizzing past he head . he peer through the crack glass . look up . just catch a flash of light -- quickly duck back down as -- -- phft ! -- a bullet shatter the window -- land in the cushion beside frost , glass raining in . frost grab the door handle . more gunfire rain inside . he jerk it open -- climb out -- ext . rio STREET - continuous -- and race into a alley just as -- phft ! -- a bullet strike the brick wall beside he . new angle -- vargas 13. on a ledge . he throw the gun over he shoulder . climb down . ext . rio STREET - same frost bomb up to a tin fence . hop it in two step . land on the other side as : vargas take aim -- phft ! -- thisclose to hit he . frost continue on -- never break stride -- slamming into people -- knock they aside like a pinball . vargas race after he . but when he round the same corner frost just do -- -- frost have vanished . replaced by a STREET fair . pack with people . loud. noisy . new angle -- frost hide behind a vendor 's booth , watch vargas search for he . he pause . something 's not right . blood drip onto he shoe . he blood . come from a bullet wound on the side he stomach . bad -- but he will live . frost 's face go white . he put he hand to he side . apply pressure . wince . frost shit . pop ! pop ! pop ! pop ! frost whirl -- -- just tiny firecracker that kid be throw nearby , watch explode . fuck that sound just -- -- phft ! phft ! -- bullet -- whizzing by he head again , miss by mere inch . he do not know where they be come from , but they be get closer -- shoot through everything in they path as they try to hit he . frost take off . book -- ext . rio STREET - continuous Cars zipping every which way . frost race into the middle of the street . 14 . a delivery truck swerve around a corner . frost leap onto the back of it as -- -- vargas emerge -- across the intersection -- take shot at he and the vehicle -- phft ! phft ! a bullet strike the back tire -- cause it to skid -- and frost to lose he grip . he leap off -- knee bend into a roll -- popping up behind a tree -- directly across from : the american embassy surrounded by a gate -- and several U.S. marine stand at a gate house . a american flag flap above the entrance . frost consider the building -- then look out into the street . see -- -- sunlight gleaming off a scope -- a few yard away . new angle -- vargas stare through the sniper rifle from behind some bush . resume frost : he look back over to the embassy . a sanctuary . but how the fuck could he go there ? he can not go there right ? but he 's not armed and -- -- oh shit -- he 's bleed bad now . he could pass out . gotta make a move . fuck it . better a embassy with plenty of exit than a expose area with a sniper gun aim at you head . he look down the street . a van be drive up . he have to time this just right . new angle -- vargas look through the scope . he know what frost be gonna do . know he have one shot . the van drive up . perfect cover . frost time it right . race out from behind the tree . vargas can not get a shot off -- view of frost block by the van . and when the car clear -- frost be gone -- now deep on the other side of the embassy gate . vargas -- steaming -- as we CUT to -- 15 . int . U.S. embassy —- entry gate - moment later a security checkpoint . passport and visa office on the other side . three marine guard stand post . frost join a short line . eye scan everything : the sidearm ; the security camera ; the x-ray machine ; metal detector . finally it 's he turn . he step up to a security officer . security officer passport please . frost draw a passport . the officer open it up . new angle -- frost 's passport except the picture , nothing about it be real . phony name . phony birthday . phony address . a near mint forgery . the Security Officer run the code on the passport through a scanner . the light turn green and frost be clear to continue . he step to the metal detector . empty out he key , phone and put they in a plastic tray . step through the detector . the alarm goe off . a marine take a wand to he . marine guard step over here , sir -- arm out , please . frost -- no choice -- comply . look up . see a security camera stare he down . int . U.S. embassy —- security office - same two armed marine consult a dozen security video . a nearby console run recognition software on everyone 's face . include frost . int . U.S. embassy — entry gate - same the guard run the wand over frost 's leg : nothing . his chest : nothing . Left arm : nothing . right arm -- -- beeeeeeeep ! Guard pause . confused . he run the wand again . get the same result . it 's come from he injection . int . U.S. embassy — securty office - same the facial recognition software get a hit . 16 . frost 's picture pop up on the monitor -- a CIA file photo from ten year ago -- along with a message -- flashing -- in red : detain -- detain -- detain . the civilian security chief look up from he paperback . security chief what the hell -- ? a second later , he 's on the phone . security chief ( cont ’d ) I need a team to the southwest entry gate -- now . int . U.S. embassy —- entry gate - moment later security -- on the move -- rush up to frost . marine guard , gun out , safeties off . guard -- you -- hand up -- on the floor . do it now ! in a flash -- frost get kicked to the linoleum . there 's a knee in he back -- gun barrel at he head . his hand be pulled hard behind he back -- zip - tied . guard ( cont 'd ) move a inch and I will blow you fuck head off . he 's hoisted up off the floor as we CUT to -- ext . CIA headquarters - day drop down from the sky -- cloud parting -- as we prelap : whitford ( v.o. ) how certain be we about this ? int . CIA situation room —- same six intelligence analyst -- include barlow -- sit around a conference table . deputy vice director harland whitford , 65 , bear for the job , hold court . analyst # 1 92 % facial recognition match . nose and chin be slightly different but it 's definitely he . 17 . full screen -- frost 's CIA file photo on a flat - screen monitor -- he agency bio logge underneath . whitford Jesus . tobin fuck frost . analyst # 1 he 's be off -grid , what , eight year ? barlow try ten . analyst # 2 be we really this lucky ? barlow never be before . analyst # 3 which just could mean we be due . whitford luck have nothing to do with it . a double decade operative like frost do not walk back onto the reservation by chance . intercut : int . U.S. embassy - infirmary - day where frost get he bullet wound tend to by a marine doctor as embassy security stand guard . whitford ( v.o. ) let 's pull any footage in and around the embassy we can get we hand on . scrub every frame for any reason frost have to go into that building . resume intercut : whitford in the meantime , we need to move he . we can not ask the question in the way we need to ask they in a embassy on american soil . int . U.S. embassy - night a government sedan roll up to a security checkpoint . the driver -- daniel kiefer , a senior intelligence agent -- hand he id to the marine guard . 18 . resume intercut : linklater , a young and dangerously ambitious analyst , offer he suggestion . linklater we can take he to a safe house . bring in a q&a team . have they debrief he there . work the exfil through Argentina . whitford nod -- agree . int . U.S. embassy — holding cell — night frost -- alone -- sit on a metal bed , hand run over he injection scar . whitford ( v.o. ) frost be one of the best operation man we have ever have . int . U.S. embassy — corridor - night kiefer be lead down a access -only hallway by the Security Chief . whitford ( v.o. ) so make sure whoever we send know who he 's talk to . I will not stomach stage fright . int . U.S. embassy — securty office - night Guards turn away from frost -- visible on a monitor -- to the door as kiefer step inside . look down at frost -- then over to the Chief -- all business . kiefer we will take it from here . resume intercut : whitford after ten year , this be one wrong in we history we be finally gonna right . the sky rumble and -- ext . safe house - ( formerly apartment build ) - night -- hard rain assault the window . drip down the glass . 19 . int . safe house - live room - night sparse : just a table , sofa , two chair . Matt occupy one of they . in front of he : six steel gun piece and a stopwatch . Matt click the stopwatch . shut he eye and start put together the piece -- form a sig - sauer pistol . he click the stopwatch again , open he eye and check he time : 13 second . a good time -- unless you be matt. matt shit . he frown . know he can do better . later Matt do a series of push-up , body tightly muscle . matt ( cont 'd ) ( grunt ) -- seventy - three , seventy - four -- later Matt do a series of sit-up , drench with sweat . matt ( cont 'd ) ( grunt ) -- eighty - one , eighty - two -- int . safe house - hallway - later Matt stand on a stool , reach up and switch out a spend lightbulb . int . safe house - bedroom - later bare : bed , dresser , bedside table . Matt change the sheet . int . safe house - kitchen - later Matt sit at the island , read three newspaper -- in three language . his cell phone buzze . he check the display : ana . matt hey . intercut : int . ana 's bedroom — same Ana -- on the phone -- get dress for a night out . ana hey , what be you do ? 20 . matt just finish up some work . you ? ana go out . gonna meet some friend at baronetti in about a hour . you wanna join we ? matt I do not wanna crash you party . ana what if I want you to ? matt then I ’1l1 meet you in about a hour . Ana smile . ana can not wait . see you then . they exchange good - by -- then click -- hang up . end intercut . int . safe house —- hallway - moment later Matt cross the hallway -- enter : int . safe house - surveillance room ( formerly unidentified room ) -— continuous Matt step inside -- give a quick once - over of all the monitor . see nothing out of the ordinary . he step back out int . safe house — hallway - continuous -- and get four step away before -- the intercom buzy . loud. ear-pierce . Matt turn around -- curious . int . safe house - surveillance room — moment later Matt step back inside . see -- on one of the screen : kiefer stand outside , pelt by rain , ringing the apartment . Matt hit a talk switch . matt yes ? 21 . kiefer I need a room . matt do you have a account ? kiefer Daniel kiefer , atwater insurance . Matt pick up the secure phone . we hear a familiar voice : operator ( v.o. ) satcom ten . matt South America . operator ( v.o. ) designator ? matt echo bravo two three . operator ( v.o. ) transferring . pause . adrenaline now fully coursing through Matt 's vein . landlord ( v.o. ) landlord . matt I need a urgent check on a Daniel kiefer . k-i-e-f-e-r. landlord ( v.o. ) account ? matt atwater insurance . ext . safe house - night kiefer look up the street , size up the threat level of the local hang outside a bar on the opposite block . int . safe house —- surveillance room — same landlord ( v.o. ) account confirm . they hang up . Matt look at a screen . kiefer 's CIA dossier appear . Matt register he intelligence rank . flinch . 22 . this guy 's serious . he hit the talk button . look at kiefer on the monitor . matt how many bed ? kiefer six . Matt look at another screen . ext . safe house - same we push in on a street lamp . Inside : a conceal camera . int . safe house —- surveillance room — same a screen show that camera 's vantage point : a black van be park in front . matt luggage ? kiefer just a bag . Matt hit another switch -- buzz ! -- and hurry out the room . on a monitor : kiefer swing open the door and hold it open for five more figure -- rush up . they be part of a CIA extraction team . serious guy with serious gear . jarhead . they drag in with they -- -- a limp body wearing a hood . int . safe house —- bedroom - second later Matt punch in a lock combination on the closet , slide the drawer open and withdraw a field BOX . he slip in a key , open up the box and withdraw a red backpack . he zip it open , revealing cash , a passport , a secure cell phone and a sig -sauer .9mm . he take the gun . slide it back . leave the bag . tuck the weapon behind he belt , pull he shirttail over it . loud knocking draw he ear to : int . safe house - foyer —- moment later Matt open the door to revel kiefer , wet with rainwater . 23 . kiefer you the housekeeper ? Matt nod . kiefer ( cont 'd ) I be kiefer . where 's the guest room ? int . safe house —- kitchen - moment later a steel bucket be throw into the sink . a hand flick the faucet . Water fill up the bucket . int . safe house - guest room —- night a padded room . sound -proof . a single steel chair and table . a body get throw onto the chair . hard . make a sound . immediately get cuffed and shackle . hand and foot . a bag be remove from he head : frost he lock eye with a one - way mirror . a steely resolve . int . safe house - observation room - night Matt look at frost through the mirror -- take aback . matt that 's tobin frost . kiefer you know he ? matt yes , sir . he be my case subject my first year at the farm . ex - intelligence officer . veteran agent of a six year undercover tour in the Soviet Union . a spy 's spy . kiefer until he go black in 2000 . since then , he 's give up asset ; sell military intel to anyone with money : China , North Korea , al - Qaeda splinter group , terror cell . the damage he 's do to we country be in the billion . int . safe house - guest room —- same frost stare directly ahead -- unfaze . be here before . 24 . matt ( v.o. ) how would you find he ? kiefer ( v.o. ) the only way you a find a operative like frost . luck . his face get scan at the embassy . resume : Matt react . something about that do not track . kiefer langley want he debrief before check out . Matt find that notion insane . matt Excuse I sir , but a ex-field officer like frost be not just gonna open up to you without some incentive . kiefer I could not agree more . just then , two jarhead -- beck and greer -- cross up to the room , tote the bucket fill with water and -- -- a_car battery . matt what 's that ? kiefer incentive . int . safe house - guest room - moment later frost 's shoe be remove . sock too . his tie be loosen and he shirt tear open . button fly . electrode be attach to he chest and neck . his foot be place in the bucket -- water spill out . int . safe house - observation room - same Matt -- watch this unfold through the glass -- horrify . matt you can not do this . there be rule . but when he turn -- kiefer be already head inside . matt ( cont 'd ) as long as he 's in my house , he 's in my care -- kiefer ! kiefer ignore he , shutting the door behind he . int . safe house - guest room — continuous 25 . frost look up . eye kiefer step inside . he slide the chair out across from he . take a seat . int . safe house - observation room - same Matt watch they through the glass -- two pro regard each other . respect there . but not much . kiefer I be Daniel kiefer , Mr. frost . I be here to make you aware of you rights . int . safe house - guest room —- same kiefer you be be hold under National Security directive 72 - C which mean you have none . per the directive , I could literally lock you in a room and throw away the room . frost -- unintimidate . kiefer ( cont 'd ) but before that happen , you be gonna give we the name of all you resource , contact and asset -- everyone you have do business with , trade intel with , sell secret to , in the fifteen year since you turn traitor . frost that 's gonna be a long list . promise not to tell anyone ? kiefer -- annoyed -- maintain he composure . kiefer I know you have read the book on we interrogation method . Hell , you have write some of they . there 's no need waste time with coercion ; intimidation ; bully . you and I both know they will not work on you . ( more ) 26 . kiefer ( cont 'd ) what will , I suspect , be tolerance . how much I have for you -- and how much you have for this . greer crank a dial on the car battery -- a current surge through frost -- body arching back in agony . intercut matt : watch this , horrify . he know kiefer 's get a job to do , but do not have the stomach for it . resume : with another twist of the dial -- the current abate . frost sag . kiefer ( cont 'd ) we think there be at least three separate operation in the work that you may have compromise . we need to know how badly we security 's be breach . we be not gonna lose any more life because of you . again , greer wrench the dial . electricity stream . frost howl as power course through he body . he lash around in the chair , but get snapped back to it by the shackle . kiefer ( cont 'd ) you contact , frost . I want the name . another twist of the dial . kiefer ( cont 'd ) the name ! the power shut off . frost , spend , but defiant . frost you smell that ? he spit on the floor . look up . frost ( cont 'd ) I think it 's I . he laugh . kiefer -- piss -- turn at greer . nod : again ! he crank the dial . frost wail , flailing , scream , in agony , until -- -- kiefer sees something . 27 . new angle -- he Pov on frost 's arm : the injection scar . he turn to greer . signal he to cut the power . he obey . frost be slump over in the chair by now , exhaust . kiefer grab he arm . twist it . he look over the mark . blink . realize what it mean . kiefer get I a knife . but before anyone can do anything -- -- the light shut off -- plunging the room into darkness . int . safe house - observation room - same Black here too . a beat and the emergency back - up light hum to life , illuminate Matt , confuse . int . safe house —- guest room —- same kiefer turn to the jarhead . kiefer come with I . int . safe house - observation room - second later the door swing open and kiefer rush out with beck and greer , order Matt to : kiefer watch he . they step out . Matt turn to frost , head bow , exhaust . ext . safe house - night a van with tinted window screech to a stop out front . int . safe house - surveillance room — moment later jarhead craig , virkler and velez be at the bank of surveillance monitor , struggle to switch they on , but they be all black . kiefer rush in , under : kiefer what the hell 's go on ? craig I do not know -- we be dark . Whole building 's go black . 28 . ext . safe house - night the back of the van explode OPEN . ten mercenary bomb out . all heavily armed with machine gun . local . face cover with bandanas . tat wherever there 's skin . they storm up to the building . resume : kiefer motion sensor ? virkler check a console . turn to kiefer . look say it all : they be fuck . kiefer ( cont 'd ) shit . int . apartment build - stairwell — night as the gunman make they way up a staircase , inching toward the apartment -- we CUT to -- int . safe house - guest room —- same Matt try to make sense of what 's happen , look around , on edge . frost ( 0.c . ) you better have a exit strategy . Matt turn to frost . shake he head . tries to convince himself : matt this be a safe house . frost shake he head . frost not for long . off Matt -- CUT to -- int . safe house - various room - night kiefer and the five jarhead take up defensive position , around corner , in doorway , raise weapon , switch off safeties , tickle triggers . each of they get loose -- try not to freeze up . 29 . int . safe house - foyer - same beck aim he gun at the front door -- listen with bate breath at the SOUND of approach footfalls -- which end at the door . someone 's on the other side . he tighten the grip on he heckler and crack he neck , ready . everything that happen now -- happen fast : booooooom ! the floor beneath he foot explode ! just goe in a heartbeat . beck vanish -- dropping through to the apartment below -- crashing ! a gas grenade rocket launch through the front door -- travel the length of the front hallway . we follow it -- shoot through the air -- before it blows up in the live room . smoke everywhere -- fill up the entire room -- spread to the other part of the house . int . safe house — hallway - same virkler rush down the smoke-filled hall . blind . lost. cough . bullet tear through the wall . rip he to bloody piece . int . safe house —- various room - same the merc , look even more ominous in gas mask , charge through the house -- on the hunt . we stay with they -- move quickly -- all handheld -- we be there -- as they shoot -- -- craig -- rush out a doorway -- unleash a fury of fire . he crash to the floor -- dead . int . safe house - kitchen - same gunmen kick open the door -- charge in . greer pop up from behind the island -- firing blindly . the merc return fire , gun blaze . bullet strike the stove . Gas ignite -- explode -- vomit FIRE -- which engulf greer who wail and thrashes wildly . 30 . int . safe house - hallway - same assassin cut through the haze -- search -- find : velez struggle to escape the smoke . he get riddled as he try to make it into one of the room . int . safe house - bedroom - same twin gunman kick down the door . announce they arrival with gunfire -- -- but hit nothing . room 's clear . int . safe house —- another hallway - same two merc pass . once they exit frame -- -- kiefer emerge and slip into another room , out of view . int . safe house - bedroom - same assassin enter and look around . the room be empty , so they back out the room -- int . safe house —- another hallway - continuous -- and phft ! phft ! -- kiefer take they out with silence round . bang ! a bullet spin he around . bang ! another take out he kneecap -- dropping he to the floor -- howling . vargas stand over he -- aim he rohrbaugh r9 stealth . in charge -- chill : vargas where 's frost ? CUT to -- int . safe house - observation room - moment later vargas and another merc rush up to the guest room and kick the door open but -- int . safe house - guest room — continuous -- it 's empty . no matt . no frost . vargas -- confuse . another merc call he into another room . he rush out . 31 . int . safe house —- bedroom - moment later vargas enter and find a assassin slide the bed across the floor to reveal -- -- a trap door hide underneath it . CUT to -- ext . safe house - back alley - night behind the apartment building , the back door explode open . Matt rush out of it -- field kit backpack over shoulder -- - 9 mm in hand -- with frost -- hand cuffed behind he back . the rain have stop . Matt search up and down the alley way . no clear option . but he be not think . no time for that . matt this way . int . trap door stairwell - same narrow and fill with cobweb . creaky step . vargas lead he hit team in pursuit . ext . safe house - same Matt and frost arrive in front . Matt need wheel and look to the black van . remember it have no battery . matt shit . frost look at he . frost maybe you should have call a cab . int . trap door stairwell - same vargas -- moment away from the exit . ext . safe house - same a volkswagen come roaring up . Matt stand in front of it , fire a round into the air and aim the gun down at the driver , who screech to a stop . in portugese -- subtitle : matt open the trunk and get out of the car ! 32 . the trunk pop open . Matt swing open the front door and order the driver to run . direct frost toward the open trunk . matt ( cont 'd ) get in . frost you be make the wrong play here . matt I say get in . frost you need to reconsider what you think you option be . matt shut up . frost that man be not come to free I . they be come to kill I . you do not have the shoulder for this . as long as you be with I , you be dead . Matt cock the gun . matt and as long as you be with I , you be not . get in the fuck trunk . frost eye the barrel -- size up Matt . CUT to -- ext . safe house - back alley - moment later vargas and he man bomb out the back -- race to the front . int . volkswagen - same Matt hop behind the wheel . throw the backpack onto the passenger seat . slam the door . drop the hammer . hit the gas and -- ext . safe house - same -- the volkswagen peel away as : the merc 33 . arrive -- already firing -- bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! bullet riddle the back of the volkswagen -- int . volkswagen - same -- and blow up the back window . Glass rain inside . Matt switch gear . crank the wheel . thunder forward , running a red light -- nearly get clipped by traffic . ext . safe house - same vargas watch as the volkswagen roar ahead , disappear into the distance as we CUT to -- ext . rio STREET - same the yugo haul ass , weaving around car , slide into hard left and rights . int . volkswagen - same Matt white knuckle the wheel , thread traffic , on edge . he take a hand off the wheel . reaches across to the backpack on the passenger seat . pull the zipper down . draw a secure phone . punch in a number . operator ( v.o. ) Operator . matt South America . operator ( v.o. ) designator ? matt echo bravo two three . operator ( v.o. ) transferring . int . trunk - same frost -- on he back -- search -- think . his hand locate a tire - change tool set . start digging around the various tool . int . volkswagen - same the landlord answer . landlord ( v.o. ) landlord . 34 . Matt -- panicked -- freak : matt this be the housekeeper . 7 - R 's be hit . everyone 's dead ! landlord ( v.o. ) say again . matt kiefer -- he team -- everyone ! they be all dead ! landlord ( v.o. ) be this a secure line ? matt be you hearing I !? the house have be crash ! I get frost . we have be evict . ext . rio STREET - same the volkswagen make a tight turn -- tire screeeeeching . int . trunk - same frost find a screwdriver and use it to tear away at the carpet on the floor of the trunk -- digging into the fabric -- clawing at it . int . volkswagen - same weaving in and out of traffic : landlord ( v.o. ) be you damage ? matt what ? landlord ( v.o. ) be you intact ? matt intact ? yes . but I think they be gonna come after I . landlord ( v.o. ) who ? matt whoever 's after frost . whoever just shot up the fuck house ! 35 . int . trunk - same riiiiiiippp ! frost lacerate the carpet and start search around for the trunk release cable -- on the driver 's side . int . volkswagen - same matt I need to know right now : can I ditch the guest ? landlord ( v.0 . ) negative . he 's too high a priority . follow protocol . there 's another house . 8 -b . you will be safe there . can you make it ? matt I think so . landlord ( v.0 . ) do not think . be sure . yes . matt landlord the house be still under contract , so you be gonna need a key . I x11 have it ready for you . location six . twenty minute . click . that 's it . the landlord have hang up . Matt be throw . lose . alone . int . trunk - same frost find the int . volkswagen -- a lever near ext . volkswagen release cable -- pull it -- yanking back -- - same the driver seat -- release -- - same -- the trunk -- which pop OPEN ! int . volkswagen - same Matt react -- total shock -- lose control of the wheel . matt Jesus ! 36 . ext . rio STREET - same the volkswagen go smashing up against other car , shaving metal . tire screech -- horn blare ! int . trunk - same frost maneuver he leg up so that he cuffed hand be now in front -- read himself to jump . int . volkswagen - same Matt twist the wheel -- ext . rio STREET - same -- and slide the volkswagen into a hard turn , round the corner . int . trunk - same frost roll . slam up against the trunk ceiling . ext . rio STREET - same the volkswagen scream forward -- move too fast for frost to jump out . int . trunk - same plan B : frost turn around -- face the front -- and start prying away at the trunk wall . int . volkswagen - same the back seat start to fold down as frost claw he way out of the trunk . ext . rio STREET - same a truck bear down the volkswagen -- shine blind light . int . volkswagen - same Matt reacting -- shit ! -- swerve -- ext . rio STREET - same -- and swing we into another lane . fishtail madly . clip a third car . take its window off . shoot ahead . int . volkswagen - same Matt get a second to breathe before -- 37 . the seat belt get throw around he neck . start choking the life out of Matt . frost behind he -- twist the belt like a garrotte . Matt gasp for breath -- try to fend off frost -- while keep he eye on the car flying up with the windshield . about to lose consciousness -- Matt spot -- ext . rio STREET - same -- a underground parking garage whipping by . int . volkswagen - same Matt flick the wheel . quickly drive into it , snap the wooden arm . int . underground garage -— continuous the volkswagen spin around the structure , tire shrieking . int . volkswagen - same frost lose he grip -- as Matt crank the wheel and yank back the emergency break at the same time . ext . underground garage — same the volkswagen spin at a breakneck pace and slam the back of itself into a park car -- crash ! int . volkswagen - same the air bag deploys -- cushion the impact for Matt while frost -- not so lucky -- smack he head against the side of the car -- hard . he wince . out of it . ext . underground garage — same for a second : silence . then -- the driver 's side door swing open . Matt step out -- open the passenger door and pull frost out of the car -- hurl he to the ground . Matt take out he gun and aim it at he . frost shake the cobweb from he head as Matt look to the volkswagen -- now totalled -- engine bust -- steam shoot out of it . 38 . Matt look back at frost . frost what ? you think I would make this easy for you ? off Matt , we CUT to -- ext . CIA headquarters -— night matt ( v.o. ) this be the housekeeper . 7 - R 's be hit . everyone 's dead ! landlord ( v.o. ) say again . int . CIA situation room —- same same people as before , all listen to a recording of Matt 's conversation with the landlord . matt ( v.o. ) kiefer -- he team -- everyone ! they be all dead ! landlord ( v.o. ) be this a secure line ? matt ( v.o. ) be you hearing I !? the house have be crash ! I get frost . we have be evict . the audio pause . whitford have this be confirm ? barlow local police just arrive . int . safe house —- various room - same police storm the house , search room , find body and bullet hole . barlow ( v.o. ) we be hearing eight dead . six be ours . but that 's unconfirm . two be unknown -- 39 . int . CIA situation room —- same barlow -- also unconfirm , but we be think local talent . whitford anyone specific ? analyst # 2 not yet but we have some candidate . linklater what about the housekeeper ? full screen -- matt 's CIA bio and file photo pop up on a monitor . graff , whitford 's # 2 , provide commentary : graff Matthew James Weston , bear February 22 to Michael and ronnie Weston . Port Washington , New York . intercut : int . underground garage -— night Matt find a open car door -- a jeep . he direct frost inside -- cuff he right wrist to the door handle . graff ( v.o . ) Father dead : car crash . mother , die : cancer of the lung . recruited into the program out of Harvard Law . resume intercut : graff speak three language , no accent . average training level . weapon and vehicle ready . but he have zero field experience . the Rio house be he first assignment . int . jeep - same Matt pull out ignition wire -- cross they . analyst # 2 ( v.o. ) Hell of a way to lose you cherry . resume : 40 . linklater well , if he do have frost , it will not be for long . barlow he will be safe as long as he get to the other house . linklater what ? you really think he 's gonna make it ? barlow he make it out of this one , do not he ? whitford only by sheer luck and luck run out . we be hypothesize a scenario in which a basement level housekeeper manage to get tobin frost from a to B . int . underground garage - same Matt successfully hot wire the Jeep . the engine roar and Matt peel out of the garage . resume : whitford anyone here besides barlow have trouble see that as anything short of improbable ? no hand go up . ext . rio STREET - night the Jeep cruise past , neon light of the city blur by . int . jeep - night Matt stare ahead , try to ignore frost , who have other plan . frost what 's you name ? Matt be silent , hesitant to share anything . frost ( cont 'd ) you be not a noc . what 's it matter ? 41 . matt ( beat ) matt. frost Matt what ? matt Matt Weston . frost you know who I be ? matt yeah . a traitor . frost it 's not so black and white . matt what , right and wrong ? actually it be . frost so you be one of that . matt what ? frost a idealist . Matt say nothing . frost ( cont 'd ) how long have you be a agent ? Matt do not want to engage he , but -- matt I be not a agent . frost housekeeper then . a beat , then : matt twelve month . frost happy birthday . pause . 42. frost ( cont 'd ) so what do you do wrong ? ( off he look ) that you be stick in you post . housekeeper 's a low - level detail . straight off the farm work . six to nine month top . you should be outta here by now . Matt shift -- uncomfortable . matt maybe I request the assignment . frost or more likely langley do not trust you with anything else . seem the agency do not think too highly of either of we , Matt . perhaps we be not so different after all . Matt spin to he . hate that idea . ext . rio STREET - night the Jeep turn a corner . int . jeep - night frost so , what exactly be you plan ? matt follow protocol . if evict , bring the guest to another house and wait for extraction . frost you get that from the manual ? matt ( ignore he ) the second safe house be only four hour away . it can not be open without the key . we be gonna wait for the key and then we will go . frost and you think I be just gonna let you take I there ? matt think never cross my mind . 43. frost you know what else have not ? just exactly how you house be crash in the first place . Matt pause . have not consider that yet . he think . a beat , then : matt they follow kiefer from the extraction site . frost you do not really believe that do you ? no -- he do not . frost ( cont 'd ) that house be a secure location . the people who crash it do not stop at the gas station to ask direction to the nearest CIA safe house . they be invite . someone tell they where the house be . someone you know . so you have to ask yourself : how much do you trust you landlord ? Matt consider that . then realize the source . matt this be just misdirection . you just do not want I reach out to anyone . frost you have another theory then ? Matt -- no . frost ( cont 'd ) you house go from a sanctuary to a mortuary in less than a hour . that do not happen without intervention . I be not you only enemy tonight . Matt consider that . worries he 's right . ext . commercial build - night in disrepair . cover with scaffold . somehow stand . but isolate . remote. quiet. 44 , int . commercial build - night the merc from the safe house assault be busy load they gear in the backdrop while : vargas sit at a computer screen , face bath in the blue glow of the monitor beside a SMALL field satellite link antenna . he turn on the satellite link and the computer start to instant message . new angle -- the monitor ( vargas 's write in green ; he collaborator -- designate '' avner '' -- appear in red ) . avner : what happened at the house ? vargas type : a mistake . will be corrected . avner : no file . no payment . vargas : need more intel . who be the housekeeper ? a beat , then a document file download : matte dossier he bio ; operation record ; official asset . avner : retire they both . vargas double click on '' official asset '' and : a picture of ana pop up . her student id photo . vargas look at she address . commit it to memory . somewhere -- water run . int . dive HOTEL - bathroom - night Matt -- at the sink -- cup some water in he hand . splashes he face . let the water drip down . he 's scared -- with good reason . he gather himself . leave . ext . dive HOTEL - night a real shithole . the type you pay for by the hour but they do not ask question . Matt appear in a top -floor window , peek through the shade . 45 . int . dive HOTEL - night a dingy room . rat . stain sheet . slow move ceiling fan . Matt look up and down the street . see nothing but shifting shadow . frost ( 0.c . ) do not they teach anyone anything anymore ? new_angle -- frost handcuff to a chair . frost ( cont 'd ) you do not have to keep look over you shoulder if you have eye in the back of you head . Matt shut the curtain close and turn around , crossing up to frost . matt you say you be not my only enemy tonight . the hit squad from the house . who be they ? frost you be the field officer now . you figure it out . matt if they be try to kill you , there must be a reason . frost with a mind like that , you 'il make section chief before you be thirty - five . matt fuck you . frost curb that temper , son . you do not have the pedigree for it . Matt 's phone buzze . he fish it out of he pocket . check the display -- ana ( cell ) . she send he a text : where be you ? his face fall -- shit -- he forget all about she . can not deal with she now . he hit ignore and put the phone away . frost ( cont 'd ) she know what you do for a live ? 46 . Matt look at frost -- surprised . matt who ? frost Ana . you tell she about you work ? matt how would you -- then he realize -- the cell phone display be reflected in the window behind he . matt ( cont 'd ) do not say she name . frost why not ? afraid she will like I ? Matt steam . frost ( cont 'd ) relax . it 's good to have something on the side . housekeep can be dull , pedestrian work . I remember . I use to do it . matt you be a housekeeper ? frost Berlin ' 79 . my house cater eight defector a month . matt really ? frost nod . matt ( cont 'd ) East or West ? frost 's turn to simmer . Matt turn he back on he , return to the window -- look out . frost she 's gonna leave you . Matt look back . frost ( cont 'd ) they always do . ask my wife . 47 . matt which one ? frost exactly my point . matt she 's different . frost then you be gonna have to leave she . that give he pause . frost ( cont 'd ) you can not expect to have a real relationship in we line of work . it 's not that business and pleasure do not mix . it 's that business be we pleasure . there 's no room for a personal life . take it from I . matt I be not you . frost I know . you still have the Kool - Aid on you lip . I die from it a long time ago . but trust I . in the end - - this job of ours -- there 's no loyalty . matt speak like a true traitor . just then , he watch beeps . Matt check the time -- the key should be there by now . matt ( cont 'd ) let 's go . he help frost up from the chair by he arm , as we CUT to -- ext . CIA headquarters -— night barlow ( v.o. ) we have a lead on what frost be do in Brazil . - CIA situation room — night int full screen -- milan maxim 's mugshot 48. take three year ago -- in Russia . barlow Milan maxim . serbian national . Black market intelligence trader . accord to MI - 6 , he recently find himself in a position to broker the sale of steal ten year - old mossad document to a unknown buyer . whitford frost . barlow ( nodd ) two hour ago , one of we listen station finally get around to processing a echelon hit off a ghost phone we be tracking . the deal between frost and maxim go down this morning at a strip club in Rio 's North Zone . analyst # 1 fourteen block from the embassy . barlow the work theory be that frost be wounded immediately follow the buy and seek refuge at the consulate . whitford wound by who ? full screen -- a surveillance image of vargas take outside the american embassy in Rio . analyst # 2 emile vargas . we pick up he face just outside the embassy -- five minute after frost walk in with a gunshot to he right abdomen . the surveillance image be replace by a slideshow of vargas 's previous engagement : horrific image ; dead body ; blow out building ; char car . analyst # 2 ( cont 'd ) officially list as a government contractor in Iraq , Afghanistan , Libya , Nigeria . ( more ) 49 . analyst # 2 ( cont 'd ) tye to death squad and right - wing paramilitary group . whitford but not intelligence . how the hell do he find out about the safe house ? no one have a answer for that . whitford ( cont 'd ) alright , let 's try a easier one : what in God 's name be so important about ten year - old israeli intelligence record in the first place ? ( off silence ) find out . just then , the door buzy open . linklater rush inside , hold a red file folder -- urgent . linklater I need you eye on this . linklater hand he the file . whitford flip through it . look up -- serious . whitford Post this on the grid immediately . I want the house put in foreclosure now . barlow what be it ? he hand barlow the file . he read it over -- eye grow more alarmed with each word he read . CUT to -- a soccer game in progress Brazil versus uruguay -- brutal -- intense . ext . maracana stadium — night a open air stadium -- one of the large in the world . the roar of the capacity crowd be palpable . int . maracana stadium - parking lot - night the Jeep pull into a spot and park . 50 . int . jeep - same Matt turn off the ignition . frost once again : you be make the wrong play here . matt yeah well , it 's the only play I get . keeping the gun on frost , Matt reach across and unlock one of he cuff . matt ( cont 'd ) now cuff you hand together . frost eye the gun -- then obey -- cuffing he wrist . frost you do not think this be gonna raise a red flag ? I handcuff ? Matt agree . look around . see a light jacket in the backseat -- grab it -- and throw it over frost 's hand , conceal the cuff . matt come on . CUT to -- int . maracana stadium - upper deck - night -- die -hard fan scream -- cheering -- throw up they hand -- not pay any mind to Matt -- backpack over shoulder -- lead frost -- cuffed hand cover by the jacket -- down a corridor to a locker bank . frost sure you do not just wanna walk away from this ? matt can not do that . frost of course you can . matt ( shaking he head ) kiefer -- he man -- they be my responsibility . ( more ) 51 . matt ( cont 'd ) I be they housekeeper . I be see this through . frost you sound pretty confident . matt I be hold my own . frost but for how much longer ? you and I both know , you be as green as the fuck forest . matt hey , who 's in handcuffs here ? frost you say that like you be the one who slap they on I in the first place . you be nothing but a substitute teacher here , Matt . yes , you be do you job , but you be not gonna get my respect . matt be not look for it . frost yeah , you be . Matt react -- maybe he be a little . frost ( cont 'd ) it 's all over you face . but do not worry . I be sure you will impress someone someday . matt you be right -- the second I walk you into that safe house . frost shake he head . frost you be not there yet . move , frost eye something : a cop stand post not too far away -- stadium security -- make sure everything be copacetic . 52 . frost get a idea -- continue forward with Matt -- and covertly bump a pass soccer fan , cause he to drop the jacket -- -- mask the cuff . the cop catch sight of the restraint , eye narrowing . frost then make a gun sign with he hand which , again , the cop pick up on . resume : frost apologize to the man he '' hit '' -- frost ( cont ’d ) lamento . -- and continue on with Matt -- who throw the jacket back onto frost 's hand . the cop watch they disappear , keep a closer eye on Matt . spot a gun bulge in he jacket . he immediately break out he walkie- talkie -- call this in -- as we CUT to -- int . maracana stadium - locker bank - continuous Matt and frost arrive at a row of small metal locker and stop at # 46 . there 's already a plastic key in the lock . Matt give it a turn and the door pop open . inside : nothing -- the locker 's clean . suddenly -- -- there 's a gun aimed at he -- and a cop scream to put he hand in the air -- immediately ! matt alright , alright ! Matt have no choice -- raise he hand -- and peer out the corner of he eye at : frost be lead away down a tunnel by two security officer -- a free man . Matt protest -- 53 . matt ( cont 'd ) no -- wait -- ! -- but two cop charge he -- quickly twisting he arm behind he back -- and slamming he hard against the locker -- clang ! a officer search he jacket -- find the .9 mm -- pull it out . Matt get hurled to the ground -- knee to he back -- and roughly handcuffed . he watch as frost disappear -- before he 's hoisted up . CUT to -- a brazilian player kick the soccer ball past uruguay 's goalie and into the net -- score -- crowd goe wild ! int . security office - night a bank of security monitor display camera show every vantage point of the stadium . two cop bring Matt inside -- hand cuffed behind he -- and throw he down hard into a chair . he protest in portuguese -- matt ( subtitle ) you do not understand -- you have to listen to I -- -- but he plea fall on deaf ear . the cop take he backpack and empty it onto the table . content spill out : money -- the secure cell phone -- a passport . the stadium security head look over the item -- surprised and turn to he subordinate -- in portugese ; subtitle : security head where 's the other one ? cop # 1 bring he down in the elevator now . matt no , he 's not what you think -- you have to listen to I . cop # 2 shut up ! 54 . the Security head pick up Matt 's passport , check he name and type it into a crime database . Matt look on as he hit enter . his face pop up -- along with a message -- flashing -- in red : deter -- deter -- deter . Matt eye this -- what the fuck ? another message appear . this one in English : terror suspect -- contact U.S. embassy -- immediately . the Security head -- just as surprised -- turn around . matt wait ! Matt rise -- and as soon as cop # 1 put he hand on he shoulder , Matt -- -- pounce -- remember all he training . he throws he head back into cop # 1 's face , busting he nose . cop # 1 howl , eye fill up with tear and blood , blind . cop # 2 rush . Matt throws up he leg -- kick he back . he slam up against the wall . the Security head grab Matt 's gun -- spin . but Matt charge -- put a knee to he rib -- knocking the wind out of the chief -- and when he keel over -- Matt bury the knee in he face . the Security head hit the table -- out cold . cop # 2 go for he gun . Matt ram he head in he stomach -- then hurl it upwards into he chin -- cracking he jaw . he go down . cop # 1 regains he sight -- race over . Matt sidestep and the cop hit the wall . Matt throws he body against he -- cop # 1 go dark as he head pound concrete . Matt -- breathe heavy -- adrenaline rush -- quickly remember frost have escape . he bend down -- find cop # 1 's pants pocket -- fish around and pull out the handcuff key -- unlock himself . he rush over to the security monitor and look they over , search for frost . quickly access the elevator camera . a image appear : 55 . a live feed of the inside of a elevator . Matt react -- see two security officer on the ground -- unconscious . matt ( cont 'd ) shit . int . maracana stadium - lower deck - same frost cross a concrete tunnel -- move with purpose . int . security office - same Matt -- eyeing all the monitor -- dial he secure phone . operator ( v.o. ) satcom ten . matt South America . operator ( v.o. ) designator ? matt echo bravo two three . operator ( v.o. ) transferring . Matt eye the computer screen -- flash the terror alert message . can not make sense of it . int . maracana stadium - lower deck - same frost round a corner , hurry . stop when he see cop rush up . he cut away from they -- keep out of sight . int . security office - same Matt continue scan the security screen for frost when : operator ( v.o. ) that extension be no longer viable . matt ( confuse ) wait -- what ? operator ( v.o. ) this phone be now disabled . over the line : a high - pitched screeeeech ! so loud , Matt have to pull the phone away -- wincing . 56 . when the sound stop -- the phone be dead . no signal -- no nothing . matt fuck . he toss the phone . look up . spot : frost on a monitor -- talk on a pay phone on the lower deck . fast cut : Matt dump he passport and belonging back into the backpack -- zip it up -- throw the bag over he shoulder -- pocket he gun -- steal a pair of handcuff -- reach into the Security head 's pocket -- take he cell phone -- grab a walkie - talkie -- race out the door . int . maracana stadium - night on the field : two player go at it -- battling for the ball . new angle -- Matt move quickly down some stair -- punch a number into the phone -- international . he throw it to he ear -- wait while it ring . int . CIA headquarters - hallway — night barlow be move down a hallway -- when he phone buzze . barlow David barlow . matt ( v.o. ) it 's I . barlow Matt -- 1 ?! intercut : int . maracana stadium - lower deck - same Matt -- walk up fast -- cut around people : matt I do not have a lot of time -- do you know what 's happen to I ? barlow more than you know . look , you need to come in . 57 . matt why be there a capture order out on I ? barlow because of you mother . matt what ? barlow we take a look at you bank account . you mother do not have heath insurance . you be pay out of pocket . her treatment should have wipe you out . matt hold up -- what be you talk about ? barlow I be talk about a $ 650,000 deposit in you name from a account we have link to the gun for hire who hit you house . Matt can not believe what he 's hearing . matt wait -- they think I be a double ? barlow they think it look like you be a double and the only way it 's not gonna look that way be if you convince they otherwise . matt how ? barlow by get frost to that second safe house . matt they do not leave I a key . barlow forget the key . i’1l leave the front door open for you . matt think you be not my handler . 58 . barlow I be not and the training wheel be off . click . barlow hang up . int . maracana stadium - lower deck - same Matt pocket the phone -- swing around the corner -- but find -- -- a empty pay phone -- no sign of frost . Matt -- shit -- look around -- scan a sea of face -- not see he -- panic -- then -- there ! -- frost -- disappear into a tunnel . Matt -- in pursuit -- move quickly to catch up -- when : security officer step in front of he -- block he path . Matt see frost get smaller -- have to act fact -- reach into he pocket -- pull the gun and fire off two round into the air -- bang ! bang ! everyone goe wild ! -- racing -- scream -- sprint for the exit -- chaos -- pandemonium . the rush of people block the cop from pursue Matt , who -- seize the moment -- cut into a side access door . int . access tunnel - continuous Matt sprinting -- flat - out -- while bark into the swipe walkie-talkie -- tell all the cop who be listen -- in portuguese -- that : matt ( subtitle ) suspect spot on the upper deck . repeat : all unit to the upper deck . int . maracana stadium — same hear this -- the cop quickly dash for the stair -- head away from Matt . int . maracana stadium - lower deck - same with frost go with the flow of the crowd -- toward the exit -- while shed himself of he jacket -- pick up a fall hat -- fix it to he head -- change he appearance on the fly . 59 . a access door fly OPEN ! Matt explode out of it -- immediately searching -- up and down -- until he spot : frostas jacket on the floor -- a few foot away . he run over . look around . just catch sight of : frost about to turn a corner . matt frost ! frost turn . they lock eye . Matt race over . frost whip out a steal cop gun -- bang ! -- and fire a shot . hit a wall mount FIRE extinguisher beside Matt 's head . it ruptures . shoot out retardant . Matt get spraye . have to duck back . frost continue -- head away -- quietly slip through a door : authorized personnel only . ext . maracana stadium - night police car roar up -- siren wailing -- light spinning . ext . maracana stadium - back exit - same frost step through a back door . quiet back here . just he . int . maracana stadium - night Matt reach the same door frost go through -- follow suit . int . maracana stadium - back exit - moment later Matt explode out the door -- gun first -- look around . click ! fuck . there 's a gun at he head . frost -- behind he . frost toss the gun . Matt shut he eye . curse himself . throw the gun away . 60 . frost ( cont 'd ) turn around . Matt turn . frost ( cont 'd ) you be like a dog with a bone . I be actually half impressed . I be certain I be not gonna see you again . maybe there 's more to you than I first think . matt I can not let you leave . frost you do not . matt the CIA think I be behind the attack on the house . frost that 's you problem . not mine . on you knee . Matt bend down to he knee . matt be you gonna kill I ? a beat then : frost no . bang ! he fire . Matt crash backward . hit the ground . frost ( cont 'd ) I only kill professional . with that , frost move away -- quickly disappear down a incline -- to the parking lot . meanwhile , Matt blink he eye open . wonder where he 's be hit . his finger touch he forehead -- where the bullet graze he . flashlight appear blast the side of he face . Matt turn . see the cop be rush up . 61 . he quickly get to he foot -- retrieve he fall gun -- move away -- tucking the weapon inside he belt -- throw he backpack over he shoulder . new angle -- a walk turn into a jog . a jog to a run . a run to a sprint . and he 's go -- book . analyst # 1 ( v.o. ) this be spiraling out of control . int . CIA situation room — night on the monitor -- various image : local news footage of the police descend on the soccer stadium -- cell phone camera footage -- shot by a fan -- of Matt fire he gun into the air . analyst # 1 we have to contain this . whitford no . we have to control this . you do not contain a spill . you clean it up . he turn to linklater . whitford ( cont 'd ) any freelancer we like for this ? linklater one or two . whitford make it two . linklater what 's the order ? whitford what do you think ? loud scream -- jeer and cheer CUT to -- a fist slamm hard into a man 's eye socket -- a brutal punch . int . underground boxing club - night a dingy basement somewhere . stench of sweat and blood . 62 . two men -- one african -- other albanian -- be pummelling each other to near death -- as a crowd of drunk and rowdy onlooker cheer they on . the fighter swap punch -- kick -- bone break -- blood splatter -- tooth fly . the larger African block a hard right -- catch the albanian 's arm -- swinging back he elbow -- clocking he attacker in the jaw . he kick he in the stomach . the albanian reel back against the people circle '' the ring '' . they catch he before he fall -- throw he back into the fray . the African hurl a hook -- but holy shit -- the albanian still have the strength and state of mind to block the punch and -- -- in a lightning fast move -- throws a palm into he throat - - hurl he to the floor -- slam he head hard against the floor -- while raise he other hand -- now clench -- about to hammer he face in when : new angle -- a plastic basket contain the fighter 's wallet -- key -- and cell phone . simultaneously both phone start buz . resume : hear this -- the albanian stop himself -- release he grip -- the African gasp for breath . both man turn -- look to they ringing phone . they be the freelancers -- and they have just be hire . int . CIA headquarters - hallway — night the meeting have break up . analyst spill out of the sit room . linklater exit with a colleague , head down the corridor , when : barlow ( 0.c. ) jon. linklater stop . turn back . see barlow storming up . he look to he colleague -- linklater give I a minute . 63. -- then back to barlow , ready for a confrontation . linklater ( cont ’d ) David . barlow be about to get into it , but some colleague walk by . he let they pass . resume : barlow you know Weston do not have anything to do with this . linklater no , actually I do not know that and neither do you . barlow I -- linklater ( cut he off ) -- hope he do not . I be sure . you recruit he . I can appreciate you loyalty . but I appreciate he bank statement more . barlow record which could have easily be doctore . linklater regardless , when there be six people and five be kill , the last man stand make for a pretty convincing suspect . barlow no less than the guy who suggest frost be take to the safe house in the first place . linklater I will keep that in mind . barlow I be sure you will . they lock eye . we can feel the tension . barlow break first . walk away . as linklater watch he go -- we CUT to -- int . public restroom - night not the cleanest in the world . dirty tile floor . stench of shit . 64 . int . restroom stall — same frost roll up he shirt sleeve . take a scissor . wield it like a scalpel . dig into he arm . pop out : the microdot he injected himself with at the strip club . he hold it up to the light : bloody but intact . ext . ana 's apartment build - night a old , beat - up yugo pull up . Ana get out . lock the door . head up to she building . new angle -- across the STREET a ominous Pov -- someone watch she . resume : Ana , at the door , about to open it . she turn around , feel eye on she . she look up and down the street . there 's nothing so she step inside . int . ana' apartment build —- hallway - moment later Ana approach she front door and slip in the key . int . ana' apartment —- moment later the door unlock . Ana enter -- toss down she key . she try switch on the light . do not work . confused , she try again . nothing . she step further inside . a hand get throw over she mouth . she scream . muffled sound . matt ( 0.c . ) it 's I -- it 's I . her eye go wide . matt release he grip . she spin -- piss . ana what the hell be you -- matt I need you to be quiet . please . 65 . ana why ? what 's go on ? what be this ? he look at she -- point blank : matt I need you help , Ana . I need to hide out here a moment . she see he forehead : bleed . ana oh my God , Matt -- she move to he . he stop she . matt it 's worse than you think . she blink . everything she know about she boyfriend for the past six month be about to change . CUT to -- ext . dona marta - night a shanty town locate in the neighborhood of botafogo -- with more than 1,000 dwelling on a rocky hill top . ext . slum dwelling - night frost navigate he way up to the door of one of this shack . knock . a beat before the door open a crack -- just enough for the barrel of a : smith & wesson .38 special to be levele at frost 's face . he stare back at it . a beat . the gun be retract and the door open . frost disappear inside . int . villar' apartment —- moment later Stark difference from the tenement outside : clean and orderly with a wall of sophisticated computer equipment . a man in a wheelchair lead frost through the house . his name be carlo villar . 50' . ratty beard . cigarette dangle loose from he lip . carlo it 's be a long time , my friend . 66 . frost I do not get around as much as I use to . carlo ( hit the chair ) I neither . he roll over to the refrigerator . swing it open . frost take a moment . look around . see two women in the adjoin room , read fortune at a table . one be villar 's wife , dario . the other : sonia , a local beauty . resume : carlos pop open a beer bottle . hand it to frost . carlo ( cont 'd ) you look like shit . frost -- fuck you -- give he the microdot . carlo ( cont 'd ) be this it ? frost nod . carlos roll over to a work desk . hook the microdot up to he computer . carlo ( cont 'd ) well , let 's see if this trip be worth the effort . carlos quickly type in a series of command . frost throw back he drink . new angle -- the monitor image move so fast we only see flash : israeli intelligence file dozen of document . report . photo . Bank statement -- all mark up with clearance sign-off . carlo ( cont 'd ) well , be it ? we can see by the look on frost 's face -- fuck yes . frost and then some . CUT to -- 67. matt clean he forehead in Ana 's bathroom , wash away the blood off he skin . matt ( v.o. ) I need to explain some thing to you about who I be and what I do . int . ana' bedroom - night Ana look through Matt 's back pack , go through he passport and id 's with a name she do not recognize and -- -- and the gun -- which she can barely bring herself to hold . matt ( v.o. ) I work for the CIA . in law school , a man name David barlow recruit I . he ask I if I want to make a difference in the world . I say yes . it be exciting . I feel apart of something important . int . ana' apartment —- later Ana sit on the couch . stare back at Matt in the seat across from she -- air fill with tension . who be this man ? how can I trust he again ? matt right now , I be what they call a housekeeper . basically , I sit around a apartment , wait until a field officer need a place to stay or a asset need to get a secure message to Virginia . ( can see the pain in she eye that he 's cause she ) I be not -- use you for anything . it 's nothing like that . everything between we be real . ana except you . that stop he . ana ( cont 'd ) you lie to I . matt I know . 68 . ana you say you be a translator . that you work for a hotel chain . matt I know . and I be sorry for everything . I be not allow to tell you what I do . I be not allow to tell you now but -- ana you be a killer . he reach for she . matt no . ana you have a gun in you bag . as he lay he hand on she -- ana ( cont 'd ) ( reeling away ) do not touch I ! he throw up he hand . she retreat away . a beat . she try to wrap she head around this . ana ( cont 'd ) you say people die tonight . matt not because of I . she whirl . ana how do I know that ? you tell I you work for the CIA . that a bunch of people get kill in you apartment . that everything I know about you be a lie . you have not be honest with I once . I mean , what the fuck be I suppose to think , Matt ? he look at Ana -- plead with she to believe he . matt that I be the same guy who give you a gift this morning -- and I have no where else to go . 69 . as she decide whether to trust he or not -- we CUT to -- ext . dona marta - night establish . quiet . int . villar' apartment - night carlos put the microdot into a white letter envelope . he hand it back to frost -- who throw the envelope into he back pocket . frost I be gonna need a new legend too . arrangement out of the country . private passage back to the States . carlo for when ? frost now . carlo give I a hour . frost nod -- turn back to Sonia -- lock eye . matt ( v.o. ) frost be back on the grid . CUT to -- int . ana 's apartment -— night Matt pace -- try to think . matt that mean he 's on the run . there be too many eye on he right now . as good as he be , he can not disappear on he own . he 's gonna need help . Matt stop . matt ( cont 'd ) ( realize ) he 's gonna need a legend . ana a what ? 70 . matt a cover identity . a new name to travel under . ana where do he get that ? matt it 's gotta be from someone he could trust . someone he 's work with before . ( beat ; realize ) the person he call from the stadium -- a asset . Matt go to she computer -- type in command -- remotely log into he server , pull up a series of file . new angle -- the screen Matt 's case study on frost appear . Matt 's eye scan over the copy -- search for key word and name -- highlight one : carlo villar . matt ( cont 'd ) that 's he . carlos villar . go to guy for new identity . frost use he when he be run agent in South America in ' 89 . Matt bring up the CIA 's secure website -- type in he user name and a six -digit password -- log on . int . CIA substation — same Matt access the database cause a alert to flash on a tech 's console . tech sir. linklater walk over . tech ( cont 'd ) Weston just access a secure account . linklater what 's he look for ? int . ana' apartment — same Matt type in villar 's name into the database . his file appear . photo. bio. known address . 71 . Matt focus in on the Rio one . int . CIA substation - same the tech see Matt have access villar 's file . tech carlos villar . former lieutenant in the brazilian Red Command . he 's -- linklater ( already on he cell ) -- the guy you to go if you wanna disappear . ( into the phone ) it 's linklater . Weston 's make a run for it . get the freelancer over to he now . int . ana' apartment — same Matt write villar 's location onto a pad . tear out the paper . quickly get to he foot . matt I gotta go . he swipe a pair of key off the desk . matt ( cont 'd ) I need to borrow you car . he turn to Ana -- lock eye . matt ( cont 'd ) I be sorry again about this . if you do not want to see I -- ana I do not . her bluntness stop he . ana ( cont 'd ) not ever . matt Ana -- he step to she . she put up she hand . ana just go . 72 . a beat . that kill he . but she will not budge . fuck -- frost be right . Matt walk off , exite . Ana watch he go , tear welling up as we CUT to -- ext . ana 's apartment build —- moment later Matt cross up to Ana 's yugo , let himself inside , revs the engine and peel away . new angle -- a spotter all of ten . gaunt . wife beater . a little solider be pay big cash to wait outside Ana 's apartment for any sign of Matt . he dial he cell phone , call vargas as we CUT to -- ext . rio STREET - night Matt racing in the yugo , wave crashing onto the beach run alongside the road . int . villar' apartment - night full screen -- frost 's face on a new passport -- with a new name : tobin foster . full screen -- frost 's face on a new driver 's licence -- tobin Foster . full screen -- a plane ticket direct flight to Miami -- in tobin Foster 's name . off screen -- loud , passionate moaning . int . villar' apartment - bedroom — night frost have sex with Sonia . no passion here . just fleeting fun . ext . dona marta - night Matt park Ana 's car and step out , look around . see a group of people spilling out of a bar down from he . pay they no mind as he head over to a wall , climb up and hop over to the other side . ext . villar 's apartment —- moment later Matt quietly approach the back of the house , gun in hand -- careful to avoid make any noise . 73. int . villar' apartment - bedroom — same Sonia get dress while frost throw back on he clothes . ext . villar 's apartment - same Matt look in on frost -- grip he gun . he step forward and : a rottweiler rabid and fly cover , snarl -- bark -- lunge at Matt -- -- but get snapped back by a chain around its neck . int . villar' apartment - bedroom — same the loud noise get frost 's attention and he look out the window . ext . villar 's apartment — same Matt suck up against the wall as frost look furtively out the window -- -- but he do not see Matt -- right below he . int . villar' apartment - bedroom — same frost continue to look out -- when carlos call out for he from the other room . a beat . frost back away from the window . head out the room . ext . villar 's apartment - same we expect to see Matt under the window -- -- but he 's now gone . int . villar' apartment - same carlos put frost 's new papers into a redwell folder and hand they to frost . carlo this be some of my best work . frost pull out the passport -- take a look . in the back : we see Matt open up the back screen door , quietly slip inside . 74 . resume : frost drop the passport back into the folder . prepare to leave . frost I can have the rest of the money wire to you once I be out . carlo I know you be good for it . they shake hand . new angle -- matt continue toward the live room . pause when he see : dario -- villar' wife walk by . but she do not see he , disappear into the bathroom . as soon as she leave -- -- Matt continue forward . resume : frost slip on he coat and turn around -- find Matt -- aim he gun . matt this professional enough , for you ? indeed , frost be surprised that Matt be able to get the drop on he . matt ( cont 'd ) put down the gun -- now . frost drop he weapon . matt ( cont 'd ) kick it aside . frost kick he gun across the room . Matt turn to carlos . matt ( cont 'd ) do not move . carlo do not have a choice . frost -- genuinely curious . 75 . frost how would you find I ? matt you be my case study at the farm . I remember he name from you file . frost -- strike . frost not bad . Matt toss he the handcuffs . matt hand in front -- do it now . frost cuff himself . matt ( cont 'd ) I tell you : I be gonna see this through . frost I gotta admit , there be something to say about you go ball - out like this . matt thank you . frost do not say it be a good thing . the house explode with gunfire !!!! window and wall tear to shit in second . frost and Matt duck to the ground , kissing carpet . but carlos can not . bullet rip through he . he topples over in he chair -- a bloody pulp . ext . villar 's apartment — same mercenary unload on the house with heckler and koch machine gun , rip it to piece . int . villar' apartment - same Matt look up as round whiz overhead , demolosh everything in they path . he see frost crawl across the floor , grab he gun -- 76 . -- and explode out the front door . matt frost ! too late . he 's go . Matt push off the floor , rush to the front as -- -- a merc charge inside . they collide . go crashing into each other . the merc 's gun get knock out of he hand . Matt land a punch . the merc kick Matt off of he . he fly back . land hard onto a coffee table -- shatter it . the hitman retrieve he weapon -- aim to fire -- when -- -- bang ! bang ! bang ! -- he get tag three time in the chest . go down . Matt look over . see : dario with a smoking Glock . Matt scramble . she start fire . bullet just miss Matt -- -- leaping out the window -- ext . villar 's apartment - same -- and landing outside in a shower of glass , grunting upon impact . he shake himself alert and scurries to he foot , charge away . ext . dona marta —- same with frost -- book -- tear between house . new angle -- merc on roof-top -- run after he -- fire like mad . resume : frost -- racing -- plowing through trash can like a linebacker -- as bullet pockmark around he . he take cover underneath tin terrace -- as round rip through they . spark all around -- frost make three hard turn into the back alley of the favela before make a quick leave -- round the corner -- -- arrive at another street . duck behind a bar . quiet here . 77 . he catch he breath . pause . harder to do than usual . he stare down at he shirt . blood seep out of he clothing . he tore open he bullet wound . fuck . the sound of a bottle get kicked . rattling around . no time for pain . frost draw he gun and spin around the corner , stick the gun in the face of : two prostitute who wail they head off . frost pocket the pistol and turn around -- come face to face with : vargas pop up behind he -- swinging the rifle . frost grab the barrel of the gun . yank it away from he face . vargas pull the trigger . the gun start unleash bullet into the cloud . frost howl as the gun go off close to he face -- hand burning from the heat of the gun barrel unload . in a last -ditch move , frost kick vargas back and draw he gun . vargas swing the rifle . knock the gun from frost 's hand . throws it back the other way . frost catch the gun again . use the momentum to spin vargas around -- hurling he ass against a concrete wall . he try to throw up he knee -- -- but vargas block the move . unleash FURY . he take frost and slam he head against the wall . swing down he hand -- knocking frost to the ground . he reach into he pocket . withdraws : a garrotte he slip over frost 's neck . frost raise he hand up . catch the wire before it catch he throat . vargas pull it taut . the wire cut into frost 's hand . blood pour out -- a deep , seethe sting . frost kick up he leg . push he body back . ram vargas against the wall -- but he do not release he hold . frost buck he again . throws he over he shoulder . 78 . vargas roll off . frost inhales air . vargas land next to he gun . grab it . spin -- about to fire . the yugo roar up behind he like a bull at Pamplona . Matt at the wheel , head straight for vargas . vargas have to move . do a quick parkour - move . leap to he foot -- then the wall -- then to the roof of the car , speed up . int . yugo - same Matt -- act fast -- slam on the break . ext . dona marta - same vargas go flying off . Hit the ground -- hard . Matt throws open the door . scream at frost to : matt get in the car ! frost be shocked to be see Matt again but he be not about to get in the car with the CIA . but then -- -- the sound of approach siren . he look over . police cruiser tear up the alley . matt ( cont 'd ) now ! frost have no choice . hop inside . Matt do not even wait for the door to shut to race off . int . yugo - same Matt drop hammer -- tromp the pedal -- gun the engine . frost turn right here . ext . dona marta —- same the yugo whip around a corner -- scream down another narrow street . cruiser roar up -- maintain pursuit -- keep on he ass . 79 . Matt carve a path between two shack . plows through laundry hang from wire . explode through people 's backyard . shoot ahead . the pace could not be faster and more kinetic -- tearing across muddy back road -- past bar -- nearly clipping people spilling out , drunk . int . yugo - same Matt maneuver around body . ext . dona marta —- same a cruiser roar alongside Matt . cop lean out the window with a shotgun -- about to fire . int . yugo — same Matt try to out race he . frost -- fuck that -- reach over and grab the wheel . yank it . ext . dona marta —- same the yugo slam into the side of the cruiser . send it crashing into a wall . roar forward . a second cop car ram into the back of the yugo . int . yugo - same Matt and frost jerk forward . frost see : matt 's gun rest in the space between they . he pick up the gun . start unloading out the back of the car . bullet explode out the back window -- ext . dona marta - same -- shoot into the advance cruiser . spiderweb the glass . hit the engine . the car catch FIRE . the driver open the door . hop out . Hit the ground hard . just as -- -- crash ! the car hit a wall . explode upon impact ! fireball shoot up . the yugo do not stop . and neither do we . move too fast for that , shedd the rest of the cop as Matt and frost -- 80 . -- go tearing down a hill , run down bush , before -- ext . rio STREET - continuous -- crashing down onto asphalt , roaring onto a highway , almost get clipped by oncoming car . int . yugo - same Matt quickly twist the wheel -- dodging car speed up . ext . rio STREET - same the yugo swerve out of the way of all the car -- except one -- bam ! -- they get clipped ! int . yugo — same the glass explode besides frost 's head . he get rocked . drop the gun . ext . rio STREET - same the yugo spin . stop . out of commission . int . yugo - same frost -- daze -- drop the gun . Matt -- whiplash -- but quick to react . he peer out the window . new angle -- the car that hit they a Ford bronco . two figure step out : the freelancers ! the albanian and the African -- they face bloody and bruise from fight club . Matt lock eye with they . might not know who they be , but know they be not friendly -- especially when they reach into they jacket -- draw IMI uzi ’'s. Matt react — — matt shit -- -- as the freelancer raise up they gun . start spraying . Matt grab frost 's gun from the car floor . take frost . yank he out the driver 's side door . matt ( cont 'd ) come on ! 81 . ext . rio STREET - continuous Matt and frost quickly duck up to a nearby abandon building . slip between two chain door . the freelancers maintain pursuit , charge after they . int . abandoned build - night under construction . scaffold everywhere . Matt and frost race across , throw away tarp hang down from beam -- in they way . the two man reach a exit door . Matt try to pull it open . can not. chained . shit . frost pitch . Matt almost have to catch he . see why : he stomach -- bleed in the moonlight -- tear open . matt Jesus . frost -- clutches he stomach -- in pain -- but shrug it off . machine gunfire explode at there head ! they dash away -- bullet just miss as : the freelancers run up -- take up position around some column . whip around . Fire they uzi 's . a bullet strike a propane tank . it ignite -- vomit FIRE -- nearly catch Matt -- diving behind concrete slab that instantly get riddle by round . cement dust sprays . frost book for a nearby wooden staircase , hustling up the step as : the albanian take aim . shoot in he direction . splinter the step . they collapse . drop frost with they -- landing he on the ground in a explosion of dust and debris . new angle -- the african 82 . he focus on Matt , now shoot back at he . the freelancer duck down -- behind a cement mixer -- look up -- see : steel beam suspend above Matt 's position , attach to a cable -- tie to a pulley -- connect to the wall . he turn he uzi , unleash a storm of bullet . the cable get shredd . SNAP ! release the beam . they come crashing down above Matt 's head . he scurry out of the way . leap just in time before -- -- a massive impact . loud . blaring . we can not see what happen to Matt -- but judge by the destruction , can not be good . the albanian head over . investigate . do not see Matt at all . assume there 's nothing to see . he spin , leave . new angle -- matt trap in between a tiny crawl space -- between two wall , just a few foot away from where the beam fall . new angle -- the african rush up to the break staircase , search for frost . do not find he . instead , see he footprint on the dust -— cover floor . he follow they : int . construction site - another room — continuous occupy by wood cutting tool -- saw -- staple gun -- cut board . the African look around -- on the hunt -- catch sight of : a silhouette behind a tarp -- hang from the ceiling . he start shoot -- bullet kick up the sheet -- revealing : a construction worker 's coat and hat hang off a hook behind it . the African -- feel foolish - - turn -- find : frost exploding at he ! they crash into each other -- go fly . the collision knock the gun from the African 's hand -- as they both go barrelling into : a elevator 83 . the African spin frost at the final second -- use he momentum to slam he against the elevator wall . new angle -- the albanian charge into the room . it 's about to be two against one but frost -- -- kick the African back . he hit the elevator control . the door close -- -- just as the albanian reach they -- leave watch as the lift rise up to another floor . he then turn -- see : a access door he head for it . int . elevator — same a death match -- as the two man slam up against the wall of the confine space -- trading punch . the African throws he knee up into he rib -- hurl a fist . frost block -- return a left . land the punch behind the freelancer 's right ear -- disorient he -- then swing down both down like a mace -- catch the African across the nose . Bones break -- blood splatter ! the African stumble back . frost charge . the African hurl a punch -- -- but in a lightning fast move -- frost duck and grab the African by the larynx -- slamming he head hard against the wall -- while tightening he grip and squeezing the life out of he . he face -- turn blue . he eye -- roll back . he legs -- go limp . the kill could not be more up close and personal . frost drop he like dead weight -- catch he own breath -- hit the elevator stop button . it jerk to a halt . int . construction site - another floor - same the elevator door slide open . frost step over the African and head out onto the floor . a door swing OPEN with a clang ! frost whirl -- see : the albanian 84 . now behind he -- come out of the access door -- sweat -- keep he gun aim . the albanian advance -- then see : he partner dead -- sprawle on the ground -- elevator door try to close -- but keep get catch on he leg -- stick out . he react -- seethe . frost -- capitalize -- take off . the albanian open FIRE -- shoot the shit out of the room . frost rush behind a beam -- take fire -- but keep out of the freelancer 's line of sight . he consider he position -- there 's no where to go . a door -- but he have have to step out into the open . stair -- but in the other direction . he 's trap . the albanian swing around a work table -- about to get the drop on he -- when -- -- wham ! -- matt -- slug the freelancer with a pipe . the albanian crash to the ground -- gun spilling out of he hand . Matt sweep it aside with he foot -- direct he weapon at the freelancer . matt frost ! frost walk out -- size up the situation . matt ( cont 'd ) I do not think he 's one of they . frost he 's not . he 's a freelancer . Matt react -- unnerve . matt that true ? you a freelancer ? the albanian say nothing . matt ( cont 'd ) do the agency order you to come after we ? 85 . Matt cock he gun -- repeat the question . in albanian ; not subtitle : matt ( cont 'd ) po ju a freelancer ?!? a beat . the albanian nod . Matt lower he gun . frost react to this -- curious . ext . construction site - moment later Matt throw open a back door -- exite quickly out into a alley with frost -- re-cuffe . Matt kick a trash can aside -- boil over in frustration . the trash go fly . matt dammit ! he grit he tooth -- think -- head spin . frost if the CIA be send freelancer after you , how safe do you think that house be ? that stop Matt . frost just give he something serious to think about . a beat -- he shake he head . matt do not matter . it 's my only shot . where else be I gonna go ? at least the safe house give I a chance to prove I be not bent . he signal with he gun for they to move . matt ( cont 'd ) come on . we can not stay here . we gotta go . Matt head away -- but frost do not move . realizing this , he turn back -- frost be propped up against the wall . matt ( cont 'd ) what ? frost hold up he hand -- which be on he stomach -- to the moonlight -- now stain with blood . frost I be not go anywhere . 86 . off Matt -- we CUT to -- ext . CIA headquarters -— night whitford ( v.o. ) we just hear from Brazil . int . CIA situation room — night whitford the freelancer drop the ball . we be gonna switch it up . I want someone senior in Rio tonight . he turn to barlow . whitford ( cont 'd ) you place Weston at that house . you be elect . there 's a jet wait . get you ass on it and bring this one home . barlow yes , sir . linklater -- concerned -- speak up -- linklater Sir , I be the one run with the theory that Weston 's a double . if anyone should bring he in , it 's I . barlow ( protest ) harlan , I do not need -- whitford ( cut he off ) Fine . the two of you go . linklater shoot barlow a look -- not so fast , pal . ext . pharmacy - night tomblike silent . Matt and frost arrive at the front door and jimmy the lock . int . pharmacy - night row of medicine and surgical supplies . moonlight spill inside . Matt and frost clear shelf of suture , cotton gauze and other supplies . 87 . later Matt look on as frost open up capsule of penicillin -- pour the powder onto he stomach . begins treat himself . matt have you do this before ? frost first time . Matt scoff . frost tie another suture . frost ( cont 'd ) how 's the head ? matt I will live . frost that be the point . siren wail in the distance . Matt look out the window -- on high alert . cruiser roar past . Matt breathes easier when they do not stop . frost ( cont 'd ) sorry about Ana . Matt turn back around -- surprised . matt how would you -- frost after I shot you , you need a place to mend . some place quiet . you have never be shot before . you be confuse . scare . so you do what all people do when they be confuse and scared . you retreat to some place familiar . it be late . she be probably home . you have to explain away the blood and there be only so many lie for why you do not go to the hospital when a bullet kiss you skull . I never meet Ana but I do not peg you as the type of guy who date a girl who take news like that well . Jesus , he 's good . he finish up . 88. frost ( cont 'd ) it 's for the best though . like I say , there 's no real loyalty anymore . everyone betray everyone . he walk over to a sink -- run the water -- clean the blood off he hand . matt that why you go black ? burn they before they could burn you ? frost you do not know what you be talk about . matt I know you be not always like this . frost be that what you write in you case study ? matt maybe . you do not have money problem . or drug problem -- sex problem . you be not a deviant . so why have you do it ? why have you turn ? frost you think it be one thing ? it 's never one thing . like you , I join the agency bright - eye and innocent . wrapped myself up in the flag . get weepy at the memorial wall . but over time , the game change . I lose track of the lie . the politician take over . no one believe in anything anymore . it be all bullshit . we be not solving problem . we be create they . and I be not gonna be a part of it . matt so why not just walk away clean ? frost and let all that training go to waste ? at least now I get to pick the assignment I want -- when I want -- and get pay a shit load more for it . 89 . Matt 's face register disappointment . frost ( cont 'd ) please . do not look at I like I just tell you there be no Santa Claus . believe I , no one 's soul , no matter how decent at first , can stay intact after be chisele away at for so long . Matt consider that -- as we CUT to -- int . CIA headquarters - parking lot — night linklater cross the lot , footfalls echoing . he have he phone to he ear , in mid-conversation : linklater it 's I . I be on my way to the airport now . ( listen ) the problem be not Weston . it 's barlow . I gotta find a way not to feel he breath on my neck so I can finish this on my own . he pull out he key , shutting the alarm to he park mercede S -class . linklater ( cont ’d ) yeah , I know he 's a hard - ass but so be i. ( listen ; get to he car ) alright . will do . later . he open the car door , step inside -- int . mercede - moment later -- sit down -- shut the door -- but before he can put the key in the ignition -- -- a hand snap back he head --— -- while another jam a syringe into he neck vein -- -- presses down on the plunger -- -- release the liquid inside . new angle -- linklater 's face eye roll away -- tongue thicken -- then still . he die . reveal -- 90 . barlow in the backseat . face of stone . void of any emotion . he reach into he pocket , draw he phone . int . commercial build - night a cell phone vibrate across a table . vargas , smoking , extinguish a butt and pick up the buzzing phone . check the display . new angle -- the display the sender 's name be list as '' avner '' and it include -- -- the address to the second safe house . vargas snap the phone shut . int . CIA headquarters —- parking lot - same the trunk to the mercede pop open . barlow slide linklater 's body to it . throw he in . shut the trunk . start the engine . drive away . int . commercial build - same as the merc gear up for the assault , slip on kevlar , smack home magazine . CUT to -- ext . brazilian countryside —- morning various scenery whip by as we travel further away from Rio : acre of empty land ; farm ; garden -- all bath in golden light . a bus pass by , old and beat-up . int . bus - same a cattle car pack with traveler . some sleep . some smoking . all sweat . in the back : Matt ride with frost in silence . frost watch the scenery whip by the window : a beautiful vista . quiet , until : matt that still do not look too good . frost turn to he , then look down at he stomach wound . gl . frost I will survive . he stare back out . matt you know something , frost : I do not think you be half as cynical as you make yourself out to be . frost be that what you think ? matt yeah . remember , I have read you op report . I think if someone give you a clear directive -- something you know to be the right thing -- you would do it today . frost but whose to say what the right thing be ? the same people who think you be a terrorist ? Matt do not have a answer . Matt nod . frost ( cont 'd ) do you wanna make agent ? frost ( cont 'd ) then let I be you best friend in the world and tell you something you need to know : you never will . matt be that right ? frost you do not have the skill set for it . matt ( defensive ) I be bring you in , be not I ? frost I do not say you do not have any skill . just not the right one . matt which be ? frost detachment . you be too invest . matt and that 's a bad thing ? frost for a idealist ? no . for a field officer , there 's nothing worse . and you know it too -- or else you would have kill he . matt who ? frost the freelancer . you could have kill he , you should have kill he , but you do not kill he . matt that 's because I do not have to . frost and you think that make you noble ? matt I think it make I not you . frost exactly . do not make the same mistake I do , Matt . you be too good a man for this work of ours . he turn forward -- look ahead . frost ( cont 'd ) go back to Ana . get out before you forget why you get in . they drive on in silence . Matt think about what frost say -- wonder if -- indeed -- this be the job for he . dissolve to -- a early SUN breach mountain . ext . brazilian countryside — day the bus -- drive down the road -- slow to a stop -- come up to -- 93 . -- a road block . cop with shotgun , search car . three uniform approach the bus . int . bus - moment later the police step on the bus , look for Matt when they arrive at they seat -- -- they be not on board anymore . CUT to -- ext . brazilian countryside - day barren . desolate . Matt and frost be now walk down a dusty road : two lone silhouettes . moment later : Matt and frost -- be through too much and still not home yet -- eventually arrive at : the safe house a rustic , old farm house at the corner of no and where . a wind chime whistle over the porch . ext . safe house - early morning Matt and frost walk over gravel and up a long private road , past field of crop , to a iron gate . Matt push it open and continue on toward the drive - way , pass -- -- horse graze in the adjoin stable . Matt look up at the house , take it all in . frost too . but look at other thing : the layout ; the openness . see how vulnerable they be . expose . frost hope you trust whoever set this up . matt it be my recruiter . frost yeah ? you certain he have not recruit anyone since ? Matt look at frost . shrug he off . more misdirection . moment later : Matt lead frost up onto the porch and up to the door . frost peer back , spying -- the terrain -- wind -- everything . Matt take the doorknob . cranks it . the door pop . creek open . 94 . int . safe house —- continuous Stark contrast from the Rio apartment : there 's furniture but it have not be use in year . cobweb . ratty rug . Dust - cover wood floor . mice scurry as Matt and frost move inside , eye scan . shadows everywhere . only light come from whatever sun can breach the wooden plank cover up the window . footfalls echo : step . Matt draw he gun . alert. Guard up . more step . Matt whirl . throw the gun around . aim it at : a figure enter from another room , scare the crap out of we . matt show I you fuck hand right now ! the figure throw up he hand . matt ( cont 'd ) step forward . the body move into a slit of light . his name be keller , late - 20' . thin but athletic . look like -- well , Matt . keller you Weston ? matt who be you ? keller I be keller . I be a housekeeper . Matt still do not budge -- keep the gun train on he . keller sigh . keller ( cont 'd ) authorization index : echo nine Three Victor echo two . that 's tobin frost . you be bring he in for exfil . David barlow tell I to leave the front door open . a beat . Matt consider . do he believe he or not ? a pause , then he lower he gun . keller breathes a sigh of relief . keller ( cont 'd ) let I show you to the guest room . int . safe house - guest room - moment later 95 . frost be place onto a chair , hand and foot quickly cuffed to it . Matt and keller step out , close the door . ext . safe house - day a ominous Pov . look at the property . could be god. could be someone else . int . safe house —- live room - day Matt sit down in a chair -- finger nervously tapping the arm . he check he watch . keller cross up -- hold a cold beer . keller langley 's send a extraction team . they should be here soon . keller hand Matt the beer bottle . keller ( cont 'd ) look like you could use it . a beat . Matt take it . matt thanks . ( sip ) keller be you ...? he indicate he head . matt it 's alright . keller plop down in a chair across from he -- two stranger talk shop . keller I be sorry about the Rio house . Mat nod , appreciative . matt how long have you be a housekeeper ? 96 . keller five month . matt where ? keller Berlin for one . Rome for two . here for two . something about that cause Matt to flinch -- but he bury it . keller ( cont 'd ) wow. tobin frost . guy 's a fuck legend . hope you pick up what you could . you be not gonna get a better education . matt no . not likely . he polish off the drink . set it down . matt ( cont 'd ) you get a bathroom here ? keller nod in the direction of the hallway . Matt excuse himself -- walk off . int . safe house —- hallway - moment later Matt find the bathroom and step inside , shutting the door behind he . int . safe house — bathroom — continuous quick shot : Matt lock the door . run the faucet . use the noise to mask he movement . he take out he gun . check the chamber . see how many bullet be leave : only two . fuck . he load it back in . tuck away the gun . check himself in the mirror , gear up . phft ! a bullet snap through the door . crack the mirror -- just kissing Matt 's cheek . he turn -- surprised . phft ! phft ! two more shot rip through the door -- spraying splinter . 97 . bam ! the door break OPEN ! keller rush inside . eye of fury . Matt -- reacting -- quickly grab he arm . they wrestle for control of the gun . the fight be chaotic . visceral . instinctual . Matt elbow keller in the face . knock the gun from keller 's hand . keller counter . fist Matt in the jaw . throw he off . keller take he head . slam it toward the sink . last second -- Matt throws up he hand . catch the porcelain . prevent impact . keller draw back Matt 's neck . as he body shoot up , Matt pull back on the sink drain . Water start filling up the sink . keller toss Matt hard against the wall . hurl a punch . Matt sidestep . spin . slam keller against the back of the head . throws he arm over he neck -- pull back -- hold he tight . keller flail . Matt toss he head into the sink -- face first into the water . hold he there -- drowning he . keller fight . Matt fight harder -- keep he head in the water -- until he body stop writhe and kick . a beat . Matt let go -- breathe heavy . he 's never kill anyone before . hate how it make he feel . keller 's lifeless body hit the ground -- water spilling over he . Matt -- breathe heavy -- consider he . Jesus . it 's never be so real for he . but no time for that . he see -- beside keller -- the fall gun . he pick it up . backtrack out of the bathroom . int . safe house - live room - moment later Matt make he way toward the guest room when : keller slam into he from behind -- still alive . the two crash to the ground . 98 . keller 's gun go flying . slide across the wooden floor . keller crawl for it -- grab it . Matt leap -- throws keller in a head lock . keller fire over he shoulder -- bullet just miss Matt who use everything he have leave to force the gun up to keller 's head -- pull the trigger . phft ! blood sprays Matt 's face . keller slump . Matt kick he body aside -- panting for air . he get to he foot as we CUT to -- int . safe house - guest room —- same the door swing open . frost snap he head up . Matt bomb inside -- rush and panicked . matt we be not safe . frost what happen ? matt barlow set we up . the landlord say this house be still under contract -- which mean it would not have a housekeeper yet -- let alone one who have be here for two month . frost be impressed . Matt level the gun at he . matt ( cont 'd ) you tell I everything you know right now . frost put the gun down , Matt -- matt why have you come to Rio ? frost slow down -- matt you be hide something from I . what the fuck be go on !?! that 's when he see frost 's injection scar on he arm . he immediately start patting he down , locating : the envelope 99 . conceal inside he back pocket -- the one carlos give he . matt ( cont 'd ) what be this ? frost it 's confidential . he rip it open . look inside . find the microdot . matt what be they -- file ? be this what tonight 's about ? frost it 's over you head . matt stop with that crap . you tell I now . what do this file have to do with David barlow ? frost I do not know . I do not get to read all of they but clearly there 's something on it he do not want anyone know . matt what the hell be this ? frost it 's a dirt laundry list . matt a what ? frost a blackmail index compile by israeli intelligence ten year ago - - a collection of incriminate intel on various corporate head , government official -- matt -- CIA agent . frost nod . matt ( cont 'd ) what be you gonna do with they ? 100 . frost same thing mossad be gonna do : trade the secret for favor when I need they . matt Jesus . as it all come together for Matt -- -- the horse outside go wild . Matt pause . not good . he quickly stuff the envelope into he pocket and rush out the room . frost Matt ! int . safe house - live room - moment later Matt sprint over to the window , peer out . the SOUND of tire rolling over gravel as : a van pull up . the same one that be outside the Rio safe house . Matt go ghost white . matt shit . as he whirl around -- he stumble -- disorientated . he blink . thing be lose focus . he try to shake it off , face sweat . then he notice : the Beer bottle on the floor . the one keller give he . Matt fight the urge to pass out , move on with unsteady leg . int . safe house - guest room - moment later Matt stumble inside -- bleary - eye -- heart pound . matt we gotta move . he manage to get out the handcuff key . get one of frost 's hand free before -- -- he eye roll back and he black out . crashes to the floor . frost uncuff himself . rise . stare down at Matt . consider what to do with he . 101 . CUT to -- ext . safe house - foyer — same bam ! the door explode OPEN ! mercenary rush in -- search the house with heckler & koch machine gun . int . safe house - guest room - moment later the mercenary bomb inside . frost be gone . gun land on : matt sprawle across the dirty wood floor . vargas step inside . peer down at he . CUT to -- darkness . a beat . silence . fade in -- ecu -- matt 's eye blink themselves open , look around . int . safe house - guest room — morning Matt be tie to the chair . he look up . vargas be stand over he . one question : vargas where 's frost ? Matt 's eye move . see two more merc stand guard . he look back at vargas . matt Matthew James Weston . authorization index : Victor whiskey nine Three -- vargas crack he jaw with a fist . darkness . 102 . later Matt -- face batter -- mouth crack -- hand and foot , dark purple and swollen . vargas where be the file ? Matt -- exhaust -- dehydrated -- spit out some blood . matt Matthew James Weston . authorization index : Victor whiskey -- vargas -- bang ! -- shoot a bullet into he leg . Matt wail . darkness . later Matt -- near death -- pass out . he look up . barlow be now stand over he . barlow hello , Matthew . Matt struggle to keep he eye open and focus on barlow , who grab he by the hair and yank back he head . barlow ( cont 'd ) where be the file ? Matt say nothing . barlow slap he across the face . barlow ( cont 'd ) where be the file ? Matt be delirious at this point . he smirk . matt everyone betray everyone . barlow -- whack ! -- belt he . darkness . a beat . fade in -- 103 . ext . safe house - day Dead silence . int . safe house - guest room - day Matt be unconscious with blood , sweat and tear ooze from he face and body . ext . safe house - various - day every room be quiet . Dead still . Dust dance . int . safe house - upper floor - day a mercenary head upstairs . stop when he find : a SMALL pile of wood dust at he foot . peer up . see a SMALL hole in the ceiling . then a flash of light come from it . phft ! he body hit the floor , hand dropping over the balcony . directly below : vargas cross under , oblivious . head into : int . safe house - kitchen - continuous where barlow be fix himself a tall drink . quickly knock it back . he turn , feel vargas in the doorway . barlow what ? vargas he 's not talk . barlow I know that . vargas you be the analyst . what do you want to do ? a beat -- then -- with just the slight touch of remorse : barlow kill he . Group he body with the one I bring . make it look like they kill each other . 104 . vargas be about to carry about he order when -- -- the light shut off . barlow and vargas share a look . barlow ( cont 'd ) frost . outside -- the horse go wild ! barlow and vargas grab gun and rush out to investigate . int . safe house - guest room —- same the door swing open . frost step inside , gun outstretch . see no one but Matt , he rush over -- unlock he cuff . slap he awake . frost hey ! ( slap ) hey ! Matt blink awake . frost ( cont 'd ) can you move ? Matt nod . frost hand he a gun and walk out . Matt watch he go -- shocked that he would do this for he -- then stumble to he foot . int . safe house - MAIN floor —- same a merc round a corner . frost there to meet he twisting he arm as he fire off a round , bullet -- bang ! -- tagging a mercenary rush up -- then spinning the barrel around , shoot another round into the merc 's stomach . a third hitman take aim , about to fire -- when -- bang ! -- he drop , revealing : matt behind he -- smoking gun in hand . Matt and frost lock eye -- a look of respect between they . frost thanks . matt thank you . 105 . but that 's all they get to say -- machine gun FIRE explode around they ! Matt and frost take cover -- opposite side of the house as : two more merc charge inside -- gun blaze . frost fire back -- tagging one . the other go after Matt -- limping he way into : int . safe house - live room —- continuous where he duck around the corner -- wait -- clutching the gun tight . vargas appear at the window -- outside -- stare in . Matt see he . they both raise gun -- bang ! bang ! bang ! -- the window shatter . vargas flee . bullet rip into the wall above matt 's head Matt duck down -- bullet fly overhead . the merc step inside . Matt rush he . knock away he gun . they go crashing to the floor -- trading punch . the merc kick Matt off he . draw a blade . Matt stumble to he foot . the merc swing the knife . Matt duck . the merc thrust again . Matt dodge the blade -- knock the hitman 's arm away and throws up he knee into he chest . the blade drop to the ground . Matt move to pick it up . the merc kick he as he bend . Matt crash to the floor . the merc rush . Matt kick he leg . the merc stumble -- drop . Matt grab the knife -- swing it back -- stab he in the chest . he collapse like dead weight . Matt -- strain -- get to he foot -- limp out . int . safe house - hallway - same frost journey down a corridor -- head to a back door when he stop -- hear something -- footfalls . he spin around . see nothing . turn back . phft ! 106 . a bullet shoot through the back door window . Hit frost . he drop -- bleed . the door open up . barlow step inside . level he gun . before he can shoot -- phft ! phft ! phft ! matt limp up -- fire shot . barlow duck back behind a door for cover . Matt grab frost -- help he to he foot . matt come on . they dart into : int . safe house - bedroom - same Matt lock the door . turn to the window -- border up : matt the window . he limp over and start tear down the plank . turn to frost for help . matt ( cont 'd ) hey -- but stop short when he see frost -- -- coughing up blood . the bullet strike he heart . matt ( cont 'd ) shit . Matt rush over -- apply pressure -- desperate to stop the bleed . matt ( cont 'd ) come on , come on . frost shake he head -- know this be the end -- force Matt 's hand away -- mouth dry -- doom . with he last breath , he reach into he pocket -- hand something to Matt : the envelope Matt take it . frost -- eye go blank -- die . we hear barlow at the door -- struggle to get inside . 107 . bullet shoot through the wall . Matt head back over to the window . pries the last plank loose -- raise up he good leg -- kick out the glass . ext . safe house - continuous Matt climb back out . as soon as he hit the ground -- -- bam ! vargas hit he with a fist , knocking he to the dirt . he get behind he , draw : a garrotte Matt struggle to stand . vargas throws the wire over he neck -- snapping back he head . Matt gasp for air -- as the wire tear into he flesh . he use everything he have to spin around and ram vargas against the side of the house . vargas kick out the back of Matt 's knee -- dropping he while tightening the wire . Matt be fade fast . he look around -- spot a rock . he grab it and swing it -- smashing vargas in the head . he release he grip . Matt crash back to the ground . vargas stand over he . draw he gun -- level it . about to pull the trigger when -- bang ! his head explode . Matt look over , see : barlow walk up -- gun raise -- kick gravel . barlow where be the file , Matt ? Matt say nothing . bang ! barlow fire a shot -- that just miss he . barlow ( cont 'd ) where be the fuck file ? Matt look around -- try to find option . spot : 108. vargas 's fallen gun just within reach . barlow kick Matt onto he back . barlow reach to he chest - - pat around -- pull out the envelope . Matt -- on he back -- grab vargas 's gun and -- phft ! -- shoot barlow -- bullet hit he arm -- cause he to drop he pistol . he slump -- grab he bleed arm . Matt stand . barlow reach for he gun . Matt kick it away -- level he own . barlow ( cont 'd ) so this be it , huh ? he spit at he shoe . barlow ( cont 'd ) do it . come on . shoot . Matt hesitates . barlow ( cont 'd ) you can not . you be no killer . you be just a housekeeper . Matt cock the gun . matt like you say : training wheel be off . barlow see he 's serious this time . barlow do not you want to hear my last word ? Matt shake he head . matt I just do . he pull the trigger . ext . brazilian countryside - same the gunshot echoes -- then get swallow up by the air . resume : 109 . smoke coil up from Matt 's gun barrel . he stare down at barlow -- look up at he with lifeless eye . dissolve to -- int . safe house - bedroom - later Matt stand over frost 's body . pause -- reflect . dissolve to -- ext . WASHINGTON DC - establishing — day fleeting shot of the various monument as we prelap : whitford ( v.o. ) we read the file you recover . int . CIA headquarters - whitford 's office - same Matt -- arm in a sling -- bruise heal -- stand before whitford and graff . whitford turned up quite a few surprise , not the least of which involved barlow . accord to the document , he sell military secret to israeli intelligence under the handle '' bvner . '' this be news to Matt . matt he be a double ? whitford ( nodd ) bastard have we all fool . once the laundry list be steal , mossad task he with its retrieval . after barlow find out the deal be go down in Brazil , he enlist vargas for local support . at least frost pay we the courtesy of stabbing we in the chest . Matt say nothing . whitford ( cont 'd ) I have to say -- in light of everything -- I be distress to hear you be leave we . 110 . matt I think it 's for the best . whitford we have already pick up the bill on you mother 's medical expense , but in addition , we can offer you practically any assignment you want . you can write you own ticket here . you sure we can not change you my mind ? Matt shake he head . matt this be not for I . whitford I think you be fool yourself . matt no . I be fool myself . he head for the door . whitford one last question . Matt stop . look back . whitford ( cont 'd ) why do frost come back for you ? Matt have think long and hard about this . matt it be the right thing to do . he head out . whitford turn to graff -- scoff in disbelief . whitford what the hell do that mean ? CUT to -- int . CIA headquarters - hallway —- moment later Matt head away from we -- drop something into the garbage on he way through a exit door : he CIA id . dissolve to -- 111 . ext . rio do janeiro - establishing — day title card -- one month later ext . rio university - day class let out . a group of student pour out of a building . we only care about one : ana as she cross the campus -- new angle -- matt watch she -- wound heal -- fully at peace with he decision to leave CIA . resume : Ana sit down at a table . flip open a book . a origami flower drop down onto it . she pick it up . smell it . ana it 's beautiful . she look up . matt beautiful enough for a seat ? ana maybe . he smile . sit . ana ( cont 'd ) how 's the job hunt ? he hold up a local newspaper . matt think I find one . new angle -- the classified 's a list be circle in red : wanted -- housekeeper . Ana smile . the music start pumping as we CUT to -- black .