safety not guaranteed by derek Connolly wanted : somebody to go back in time with I , this be not a joke . p.o. box 322 , oakview , CA 93022 . you will get pay after : we get back . must bring you own weapon . Safety not guarantee . | have only do this once before . over black darius ( female vo ) well , from like the beginning . int . suburban backyard - 1995 - day kid run and play in a yard decorate for a little girl 's birthday . under a happy 7th birthday darius banner we see mr . & mrs . britt look around for they daughter . isolate from the frolick kid , a pair of little eye peek through a slot in a large cardboard box . darius ( vo ) grew up in New Jersey - wait , before that I guess , my parent decide to give I a black man 's name . which be awesome . ext . suburban construction site - 1988 - day dad , circa 1988 , smile with unbridle excitement as he tour he new house - under - construction with pregnant Mom in a upper middle class suburb . darius ( vo ) they always say they just think Darius sound pretty but I think they do it to deal with guilt . dad 's smile turn awkward when he lock eye with one of the black worker shoveling dirt under the brutal summer sun . darius ( vo ) so , grow up there with they . int . BMW convertible - 2002 - day 13 year - old darius britt 's long dark hair whip wildly in the backseat behind she parent in a convertible BMW . darius ( vo ) they hit a really weak mid-life crisis right when I hit middle school . again , awesome . ext . coffee house - 2002 - day the BMW drive off as Darius , she hair now a wild afro , join a motley group of awkward friend . darius ( vo ) then my mom die and we move to New York . ext . britt house - 2003 - day dad make uncomfortable eye contact with a black mover carry a heavy ass New York jet - theme juke box . on a empty moving BOX it stand up and walk away . darius ( vo ) High school - whatever , then four , not five , year of college . and now , here I be . int . macaroni grille - day darius , 22 , as pretty as a smart , funny girl can be , regards the tan restaurant manager across the table from she in this gallery of forgettable birthday dinner . darius do that answer the question ? restaurant manager ( not amused ) usually people just say where they be from and where they work before . darius great . I be already overqualified . restaurant manager so , in any of you previous job , can you tell I one instance in which you go above and beyond the call of duty for a customer ? Darius let a laugh slip out . darius what would I be do here ? Fighting fire and save life ? I think this be for a waitress . the manager sweep she application into a folder . restaurant manager I be go to be honest . I be not sure you attitude fit what we look for in customer service . Darius give he a wide eye look . she look prettiest when not on the offense . darius wait , I mean I could make something up . when I work at Fridays I donate bone marrow once to a guy who get a Mr. pibb instead of Coke . restaurant manager you think you be too good for this ? why be you even here ? darius I be sorry . I really need the money . I work my ass off all day at a internship . I just need something to get by until I break in to the pay world . restaurant manager it 's not go to work out here . I can tell you type . difficult , bad attitude . you be just not a quality hire . darius you be a fuck macaroni Grille manager . int . facsimile - first floor - day Darius struggle under a costco megapack of toilet paper . int . facsimile - elevator - day the elevator door press against the massive economy bundle , give Darius time to squeeze into the crowded elevator . darius could someone push three ? face and shoulder be mashed by the squishy package as she try to find a comfortable spot to stand in here . she settles , then make eye contact with a hip , attractive guy . darius what 's up . int . facsimile - MAIN office - day Darius lug the asswipe through a office design to look too casual to be a office . on a wall she pass be frame cover of facsimile Magazine , which appear to blend tech and pop culture with a ironic spin into a monthly periodical . int . facsimile - bridgette 's office - day bridgette BAY , 34 , a harshly beautiful editor with a visible hate for all woman young and / or more attractive , speak on the phone with stress and urgency . Darius lean the megapack on she desk while she fish change and a receipt out of she purse . bridgette hand over phone receiver pb do not put that there . Darius put it on the ground . bridgette no ! put it in the utility closet and fill all the bathroom . darius yeah , I be just give you this . bridgette , annoyed , wave the money away and glare at she desk , where Darius place the change . she remove a pack of tampon from a plastic bag . darius I get you ... stuff , too . bridgette scowl at she . the tampon go on the table and Darius kneel to power squat the economy pack back up . bridgette ( into phone ) yeah , a intern . they need everything spell out for they . int . facsimile - bathroom - day on she knee , Darius have to really lean and tilt she head dangerously close to the toilet bowl to get the empty paper roll unlock . she straighten she head and frown as she feel the wetness of she soak hair . darius ohhhhh -kay . int . facsimile - conference room - day the blind be close as the whole office be gather to listen to pitch accompany by slide . bridgette stand next to a project slide of two cowgirl kissing on a stage . bridgette so the lesbian band story be in for next month . jeff schwensen , 29 , have a slight Jersey accent and look like he could be in a shirtless man 's razor commercial . jeff be not one of the intern in one of that female band ? who be that ? Jeff look around and stop he eye on Darius in the back of the room . she do not like be put on the spot . jeff it be you , right ? darius yep . play bass . we be not a les - band , though . Jeff nod confusedly , sure up to now that she be a lesbian . Darius fill the silence . darius we be call period piece . Cause of the double entendre . now more silence . bridgette okay . what else do we have ? Jeff look over he note . jeff what about the time traveler ad ? a blow -up classified ad come up on the powerpoint screen . Darius be immediately intrigue by the word that appear . wanted : someone to go back in time with I . this be not a joke . p.o. box 322 , Ocean View , NC 28469 . you will get pay after we get back . must bring you own weapon . Safety not guarantee . some laugh around the room . jeff so this be a ad someone e-mail in , take from the classified of a newspaper . I be think kind of a funny piece about it , maybe a tongue - in - cheek investigation . ( more ) jeff ( cont would ) who put it up ? be it real , a prank ? come up with theory and whatnot . bridgette you want it ? it 's yours . jeff can I get a couple intern for research ? Darius 's eye open . this be she chance to escape bridgette . darius me. please . the socially awkward , prematurely bald 22 year - old next to she , arnau , do not take he eye off of Darius 's leg . arnau I , too . jeff done . int . facsimile - jeffus office - later a small office . Darius and arnau sit across a desk from a distract Jeff , who eye bridgette through a window . arnau we send a letter to the address in the ad and ask they to get back to we . darius and I call the local paper but they be all uptight and will not give out the info on the people that take out ad . Jeff lean back and run a hand through he hair . jeff I fuck bridgette . darius whoa . arnau 's mouth freeze in the open position . darius that 's gross , kinda . jeff I know . sometimes someone piss you off so much you just wanna - darius do she like boss you around and criticize you technique the whole time ? bridgette make quick eye contact with Jeff through the glass . jeff we gotta get outta here . go to Ocean View . darius we ? jeff you do not want to go ? darius I do not know . you be not go to fuck I , be you ? like sneak attack style . jeff what ? no. what 's Christ , the shit rather stay here wrong with you ? you say . you have and change the toilet paper ? the phone ring . jeff we will talk about you go to the birthday ? it tonight . be thing ? for marty 's darius no . jeff now you be . see you then . arnau what should I wear ? Jeff eye arnau and pick up the phone . int . britt house - night close on a computer monitor a internet view history window be open on the leave , while the right window click through various pornographic page . darius ( os ) my dad be sadly at the point where he 's technologically sophisticated enough to find specialize niche internet porn but do not know how to clear the browsing history . after a slew of teen - theme site a couple preggo 's go by . int . britt house - live room - evening Darius be at a live room computer in a sparse suburban home . a polite algerian in a suny sweatshirt , farid , 20' , sit on a couch behind she . darius this be worse than watch behead video . why do I do this ? farid that be not mine , I promise . darius I know . you would know how to cover you track , with all that experience you guy have scamm Americans on the internet from Algeria or Nigeria or wherever you be from . farid shake he head patiently . darius do not play dumb , I watch dateline . Darius 's father , mr . britt , 50 , enter the room . mr . britt dary , after dinner see if you can figure out why the computer 's be so slow . video take forever . Darius nod , blank face . mr . britt hey farid , would one of that little mini laptop help out with you schoolwork ? farid no , Mr. britt . you have be too generous , sir . please . int . britt house - dine room - later Darius eye she father across the table . farid happily eat . darius can I take the car ? I be go out . mr. britt out out ? darius it 's just this work thing . mr . britt that 's great , dary . you should be go out more . it will help you out of you funk . darius I have no funk . totally funkless . mr . britt something be wrong with you , honey . but get out there , be social , it 's 1ll make you feel better . darius this be , this be - okay , what ? what be wrong with I ? mr . britt you be sad . I do not know how to describe it . there 's a cloud around you . you be very antisocial . and you be a virgin . darius what . farid what ? mr . britt honey , even in my day twenty - one be pretty old to be a virgin . darius oh my god , how do I eject ? what make you think ? how would you even know ? 10 . mr . britt who would it be ? I do not think I have ever see you with a guy . darius how do you know I be not on craigslist have casual encounter , F - 4 - m’ing it up out there ? or when I live away in the dorm ? mr . britt I talk to Amy . darius why be you talk to my college roommate ? mr . britt we be friend on Facebook . darius ew . this be too much . I be do . but I be stay to finish because I be hungry . Darius silently eat she dinner . Mr. britt pat farid 's back . mr . britt you gettin’ enough , farid ? let I grab you another steak . int . club - night a corner booth at a loud dance club . Darius and arnau be sandwich between Jeff and eric and jon , two 25 year - old guy who spot each other at the gym and take care to avoid wear the same Ed hardy T-shirt when they go out . they listen to Jeff in awe . jeff dude , it be fuck insane . I know from she friend that she have herpes but I be not suppose to know , she friend swore I not to say she tell I , so I be in the fuck room with this girl all night try to make up reason why I do not want to fuck she . eric why do not you just get the fuck out of there ? 11 . jeff she be fuck naked and look super hot . it be a fuck quandary . jon what have you tell she ? jeff I be say all this shit like I do not want to rush into anything and get hurt . meanwhile she 's like , '' I want you to fuck my ass . '' and I be like , you be the kind of girl I might fall in love with , let 's take it slow . the two dude laugh hard . Darius observe like she 's on a disgusting safari . darius so excuse I for interrupt but be we suppose to talk about the story ? jeff hold on , I be gonna get a drink . talk to my buddy , Eric . Eric eye Darius aggressively as he shout to Jeff . eric dude , you intern be sort of hot . int . club - later jon get nasty on the dance floor , grind obscenely with a chick in a too-short skirt . Darius ricochet she eye away from the scene , still seat at the table . Eric bring she a drink . she watch he primitive grin as he take in the debauchery on the dance floor . he turn he focus back to she . eric so do you watch family guy ? darius yeah . eric that shit be hilarious . Darius nod . he nod . 12 . eric so fuck funny . he stare at she tit . she lean over to Jeff . darius I be gonna go home , since this be pointless . jeff what ? alright . get ready for a ten hour drive to Ocean View tomorrow . Darius sit up and lean forward . darius I want a share credit . let I help write it . I need a break . please ? jeff you be just hit I up now cause I be drunk . darius yep . jeff we will see what you write . if it 's good I can get you in the by line . Darius light up a bit and stand up . darius alright . that 's all I come for . eric it 's so early . Eric slide in front of Darius and speak in a confident , practice tone . eric it would make I really happy if you would not let this night end and let I buy you one more drink . darius no thanks . he take she hand , cause she to frown . eric you be gonna make I unhappy ? I x11 be think about you all night . 13 . Darius , confuse , look to Jeff . darius be this normal ? what 's he do ? Eric take she hand and place it on he chest . eric can not you feel what you do to I ? what you do to my heart ? darius oh my God , be you serious ? he just flex he chest . Darius remove she hand and get up to leave . eric aww ! why you gonna do that to I ? ( point at jon ) dude ! Taco Bell ! let 's go ! right now ! Darius hurry away . ext . britt house - morning Darius escape through the front door with a pack travel bag in the groggy , dim pre-morn hour . int . arnaux house - morning arnau play a massively multiplayer online game set in the pirate world . he jam he swarthy pirate into some game glitch that result in the character jittering up and down repetitively while a endless shower of experience point and gold rain down into he cache . arnau check he watch , leave the game on , and take off . on computer screen : arnau 's pixel pirate , still in seizure , be approach by a fat pirate and a chat box appear : wif U do ? the fat pirate wait for a moment , then casually stab the jittering pirate with a sword , drop he dead . int . parking garage - morning Darius and arnau get into Jeff 's acura . 14 . int . facsimile - MAIN office - day bridgette approach Jeff 's office with two cup of coffee in hand . she slow as she pass , see it empty through the glass , then keep walk . ext . highway - day Jeff 's car cruise the interstate in a dense , urban area . int . jeff' acura - later the backdrop have turn rural . tree beginning to shed for fall race past . jeff we be budget for two room , but if we all share one we can use the extra money for other shit . darius Coke and hooker ? meth , actually . probably more of a meth town . jeff exactly . arnau fidget . Jeff eye he in the rear-view . jeff arnau . easy . we be just fuck around . we can spend it on buffet and shit . you never do coke or anything when you be study for a test ? arnau Cocaine ? be you crazy ? darius you be obviously not serious about you schoolwork . jeff what be you study ? arnau biological and life science . jeff what the fuck be you intern at a magazine for ? arnau the diversity look good on application for grad school . jeff alright we need to get you laid on this vacation be what need to happen . darius vacation ? jeff work trip , whatever . int . jeff 's acura - late afternoon Darius look out the window as Jeff drive , sun outside : pass image . -- sign read '' beach 5 mile . '' 15 . go down . -- bridge connect a marshy mainland to the island beach town . -- a seafood restaurant with a giant crab on the roof . -- a place call Shell World . -- freeze teens run in soak shirt across the street . -- a sign read '' Ocean View . '' we get a good look at Ocean View . nobody on the on the beach . the summer 's as fade as the last day 's sunlight here . the town feel lonely . too late in September . ext . seaside inn motel - morning a crusty motel that have not be remodel since 70' . the acura pull into the parking lot . the road , nobody gasp of the cold and too the early three exit . Jeff walk to a porch that look out on the ocean . the sky be smear and overcast . a chill wind blow off water . Darius appear behind he , wrap up in darius ughh . it 's freezing here . Jeff , he shirt whipping in the wind , turn . the gray a hoodie . 16 . jeff it 's get a bite , do not it ? darius it make my stomach hurt . remind I of when it be time to go back to school . jeff now it 's all just one long school year . no end and no start . except for this guy . arnau join they . jeff how many more year of school you get leave , arnau ? arnau total include doctorate or just undergraduate ? jeff aw , forget it . int . seaside inn motel room - evening Darius , Jeff and arnau lug they bag into the outdated room . turquoise bed spread and pink seashell lamp clash with wood panel wallpaper . arnau squint at the Zenith tv set . arnau this be like the tv at my grandmother 's house . Darius drop she bag and look at the two queen bed . darius how're we do the bed ? jeff intern in one . I in the other . darius arnau no . alright I guess . jeff Fine . I and Darius . Darius shoot he dagger . jeff Fine . get ready , arnau , I cuddle . 17 . Jeff toss he duffel bag on the bed . jeff tomorrow morning we jam it at the post office . hopefully this guy check he po box every day . CUT to : int . ocean view postal office - day close up - po BOX 322 we pull out as a oldtimer , 70 's , enter frame and move toward the box . darius ( os ) here we go . arnau ( 0s ) no way . he 's too old to be time travel . ext . ocean view postal office - day Darius and arnau sit on the hood of Jeff 's acura . both peer through the post office window at the wall of po box . darius Excuse I ? that 's the time travel demo . White beard , spectacle , pipe . the oldtimer open a box right above 322 . darius & arnau awww . darius Close . arnau wait , what about this one ? a heavy lady , 40 , waddle to the box . darius she want to go back to the 90' when McDonald 's still have supersize . arnau study a newspaper in he hand . 18 . arnau ( read ) want : someone to go back in time with I . this be not a joke . p.o. box 322 , Ocean View , NC 28469 . you will get pay after we get back . must bring you own weapon . Safety not guarantee . jeff ( 0s ) there be no Starbucks here yet . crazy . they turn they head as Jeff approach with plain white cup of coffee and pass they out . Jeff wait one beat . jeff God this be boring as shit . darius it 's kind of cool . jeff I be gonna walk over to the water . there 's a pier I and my family use to go to . arnau you have be here before ? jeff we use to rent a house in Isle Point every summer when I be a kid . it 's not far from here . I get my cell on I . Jeff walk off . darius we dedicated leader . ext . ocean view postal office - time passage Darius slump in the driver 's seat of Jeff 's car , window down . arnau sit cross legge on the sidewalk , play he online game on the laptop . Darius sit up . inside the post office a figure , only visible from behind , open box 322 . nothing inside , he quickly close it and step away . Darius crane she neck but can not get a good look at the figure exite the front door . 19 . darius it 's he . the figure get into a piece of shit 80 's datsun . darius it 's the guy . Darius start Jeff 's car . arnau what be you do ? darius follow he . you come ? arnau what about Jeff ? we should call he . Darius do not care . she pull forward as the datsun drive away , leave arnau behind . ext . bridge - dusk the datsun drive across a suspension bridge to the mainland . Darius follow , keep she distance . ext . research facility - dusk a two level office building that 's see better day surround by a low perimeter wall . the datsun slowly drive through a field on the other side of the wall . the datsun stop . int . jeff 's acura - same Darius stop the acura on the side of the road and squint across the field at the datsun . ext . research facility - same the figure exit the car and stand on he toe to see through a lock fence gate and into the compound . he pick up a clipboard heavy with page of scrawle note . this be kenneth calloway , 28. not bad look at all , but off . his hair , facial expression , style , everything , just a bit off . a few nucleic acid sequence away from be a happy human . 20 . he jot down a note , nod with a serious determination that be slightly comical give he odd , mullet haircut , then get back into he car . int . u- save - night we track behind Kenneth push a pallet of detergent through the lonely aisle of the 24 hour warehouse superstore . Darius appear from behind , discreetly trail he . int . u- save - later Kenneth speak to shannon , 63 , a aging black man with a weary face , as they stock shelf . Darius pretend to browse nearby as she listen . kenneth the economy be not a fix thing . people think because that 's how it be now then that 's how it will always be , but they be just look at this narrow band of time when if you look at the big picture the distribution of wealth have be steadily spread out from aristocratic society to slave economy to industrial and on and on in both direction . shannon I gotta do a bathroom check , brother . to be continue . kenneth yeah , okay . it 's just amazing how they can get this people to vote against they economic interest . like it or not it 's historically head in one direction , they be just delay the inevitable . Kenneth continue stock . Darius walk past and eyeball he name tag as he stretch to reach the high shelf . int . u- save - moment later Darius approach a shift manager , pen and card in hand . darius Excuse I , I want to fill out a comment card about one of you employee , Kenneth . what 's he last name ? 21 . shift manager aw jeez , what have he do ? I apologize mar ’am , he 's a little ... the shift manager point at he head . darius no . it 's a positive comment . like compliment he . shift manager oh . oh ? good. Kenneth calloway . darius thank you . they look across the jewelry display and spot Kenneth , who make a dramatic spin , scoops up a stray can on the floor and re-stock it with a unusual amount of flair and purpose before continue on with that oddly funny focus . ext . tiki bar - night a small bar whose cheesy neon light in tropical shape be about half operational . int . tiki bar - night Jeff drink at the bar as he eye the baby - face cocktail waitress , 21 , who serve the one occupy table in this bar decorate with glow palm tree and plastic torch . arnau play he on - line game on the laptop while sip a can of soda . Jeff look over . jeff be you kid I with this ? you say you need to check you e- mail . and order a beer for God 's sake . arnau I be just see who 's online . Jeff pull the laptop away . he see a e-mail alert . jeff wait a minute . Jeff check he e-mail . he click on a message that direct he to facebook.com . 22 . jeff alllright . she accept my friend request and she still life here . arnau ( vead profile ) who 's Liz cleary ? jeff she be like the local chick I use to hang out with when my family come here . summer lovin’ . fuck she be so tan and hot . and she hair be always bleach white from the sun . man , if there 's one girl I always wonder about it 's she . Darius approach from behind . darius you creep , drunk -stalk on Facebook at a bar . jeff well there she be . go all rogue , huh ? what have you get ? darius get he name , where he work . jeff Nice . good job . tomorrow I 'il go in undercover , pretend to answer he ad , get the scoop on this yo-yo . darius ( be : computer ) what have you get ? arnau basically he come here to hook up with a girl he know when he be in high school . darius seriously ? Jeff shrug . darius I would be weird out if some guy track I down after twenty year . 23. jeff I would be weird out if some guy track you down too . just know there 's a guy out there who would do that for you . Jeff sip he rum and cola . jeff ( defensive ) and it be not twenty year . it be like thirteen . ext . kenneth 's house - day the acura stop in front of a small house that must have once have great landscape , which be now all dead and dry . int . jeff 's acura - same Darius have a open phone book on she lap . she read the house number on the mailbox . darius 991 mallory . this be it . Jeff turn off the car and grab the digital recorder . darius can I go in , too ? jeff you do good last night but let 's let I handle this . I do not want to overwhelm the guy . Jeff get out and head across the street . Darius and arnau watch through the window . arnau so , do you go out a lot back home , like club and stuff ? darius not really . arnau you know that really tight legging girl wear , do you wear - darius there he be ! 24 . ext . kenneth 's house - same Kenneth exit a large shed beside the house and slide the door to it shut . he then clamp shut a series of padlock . int . jeff 's acura - same Darius open she door . darius I wanna see . arnau pause for a moment before follow she outside . ext . kenneth 's house - same Darius and arnau sneak around the leafless tree lining the street . Darius 's eye fall on Kenneth walk toward Jeff , who stand on the porch of the house knock on the door . on the front porch Kenneth stop at the bottom of the porch . jeff Kenneth calloway ? Kenneth size Jeff up . kenneth you work out ? jeff hello . uh , yeah . a little . kenneth I have not be able to lately . shoulder . jeff oh , that suck . but yeah , so I be here cause I see you ad in the paper , about need a partner . kenneth what have you do ? the credit header trick ? jeff the credit header ? kenneth I have have like ton of people , four at least , show up at my door . ( more ) 25 . kenneth ( cont would ) found my address connect to the po box on credit header . jeff yeah , I too . I do not know that 's what they be call . kenneth they be all jerk , though . jeff so then the position be still open ? kenneth what 's you mission ? jeff my mission ? kenneth reason . for go back . jeff well , who would not want to ? I mean , it 's a amazing opportunity . ( Kenneth wait for more ) you know ... see dinosaur with my own eye ? um , watch the gladiator ? kenneth you be just tryin' to have a laugh at I , like the rest of ‘em . send I joke letter , waste my time . jeff no , I be not make fun of you . kenneth it take gut , man . Real gut to do what I need to do . jeff I have get gut . kenneth can you look fear and danger in the eye ? have you ever ? jeff I live inside fear and danger . 26 . kenneth get out of here , man ! who do you work for ? jeff for you ? kenneth it 's not a trick question , jankhole ! what do you know about pain and regret ? look at you ! get outta here ! Kenneth brushes past Jeff and though the front door , which slam shut after he . ext . jeff 's CUT to : S acura - moment later Darius and arnau hurry up from behind Jeff to join he as he stride to the car . int . tiki the three darius what have he say ? be he totally Van damme from time cop ? jeff he 's the real deal . that ad be no prank . he 's like , he 's not retarded but there 's something wrong with he . definitely do not like I . arnau so , what ? that 's it ? jeff oh no , this just get good . bar - day eat burger at the bar . darius what make you think he will not slam the door in my face , too ? jeff you gotta be sincere and charm he . he 's use to asshole come to make fun of he . 27 . arnau also probably none of the other people be beautiful girl . jeff easy , arnau . arnau what ? jeff but use that too . there 's something off about he . you gotta go really slow , like you be trapping a skittish animal or something . feel he out . lure he . Girls know how to do that shit . pretend he 's the guy all you friend want to fuck and you be gonna be the one that get to because you act like you do not care . darius you be dangle my vagina out there like bait ? what if this guy 's a serial killer ? jeff then the story 's even better . ext . ocean view - dusk the cold sun set down beyond the town . int . u- save - night track through the aisle behind Kenneth again . we see Darius , casually browsing . she turn she head and make eye contact with Kenneth . Kenneth be a bit throw off by this young woman . he be - focus and turn leave into another aisle . int . u- save - sporting good - later Darius browse in the sport section . Kenneth tentatively appear and make himself busy rearranging a shelf . Darius glance over discreetly . Kenneth shyly meet she eye . darius do you sell gun here ? kenneth what kind of gun ? darius I do not know , something sexy and affordable with kill power . Kenneth digest this criterium with earnestness . kenneth hm . you probably want to go to c&r gun in Wilkins . we only have airsoft and pellet gun . darius what about one of that thing with the spiky ball at the end of the chain ? do this kind of store still carry that or do rosie o'donnell ruin that too ? kenneth what exactly be the intend use ? like , hunt ? or pest problem ? darius well if you ad have be write properly I would have a better idea of what I need . Kenneth pause , look around , as if people be watch . kenneth my ad ? darius yeah . sloppy . I hope you work harder on you calibration . kenneth my calibration be flippin’ pinpoint , okay ? Darius shrug , not convinced . Kenneth begin pace , 28 . paranoid . he nervously pick up a pink rubber coat dumbbell and start distractedly do curl with one arm . kenneth there 's people after I . how do I know you do not work for they ? darius Cause I have never work for anyone in my life . Darius 's nonsense slide so slickly out of she mouth . Kenneth chew on all of it like it have meaty meaning . 29 . kenneth you ever face certain death ? darius if it be so certain I would not be here , would I ? Kenneth be at a loss . she make too much sense . kenneth this be a bad place to be talk . I be off in like fifteen minute . let 's rendezvous . int . jeff 's acura - night Jeff sleep , stretch out in the back seat . arnau type on a laptop in the front passenger side . Darius swing open the door and jump in . Jeff spring awake . darius get down ! jeff ( scared ) what 's go on ? darius get down ! do not let he see you . arnau slide the seat back and duck down , curling up in the foot space . Jeff slide down onto the floor of the car . arnau be he come ? jeff what the fuck be go on ! Darius spot the datsun ahead of she . it flash its brights twice before pull away . darius I get he all juicy for I but he 's all paranoid about everything . Darius start the car and follow Kenneth . darius he 's take I to a secure location to talk more . he 's all freak out though , he think people be follow he . 30 . ext . CITY limit - night the acura follow the datsun through the street in the edge of wilmington past strip mall and close water park . int . jeff 's acura - night Jeff laugh in the back . jeff if this guy 's a predator take you to a sex bunker he 's gonna freak when I and arnau come fall out of here like some clown car . the brake light ahead of they flash red as Kenneth stop in a alley behind a supermarket . he get out of the car and walk toward the acura , now also stop . Darius tense . darius shit . jeff what 's go on out there ? darius he 's come ! arnau oh man . arnau curl into a smaller , frighten ball on the floor . jeff do not let he see we . we will blow it all ! darius what do I do ? Kenneth be almost to the acura . then headlight light he up as a car pull into the alley behind they . Darius think fast and seize the opportunity , put the car in drive . Kenneth step back she Darius accelerate . she shout out the window as she pass . darius we be be follow ! go! 31 . Darius 's acura speed around the datsun and turn a corner . Kenneth 's eye go wide at the innocently approach car . he turn and sprint for he car . int . approaching car - same a overweight boyfriend and girlfriend watch Kenneth 's panicked run to he car . boyfriend what the hell be this ? they slow as they approach . Kenneth open he trunk and pull out a shotgun . boyfriend oh shit ! girlfriend git ! git! go ! git out ! the boyfriend wildly swerve he car and speed away . int . jeff 's acura - night Darius pull over on the side of the road around the corner . darius get out . jeff where the fuck be we ? darius I do not know . just get out and I 'il come pick you up after I be do . Jeff look out the window and see a row of run-down house . on one porch several black men in wife beater drink from brown bag bottle . arnau ( wary ) I do not know . jeff yeah , fuck that . darius what be you guy , racist ? her cell phone ring , lighting up the car interior . 32 . darius hello ? int . kenneth 's datsun - night a shaking , spook Kenneth drive with he cell to he ear . kenneth it 's too hot here right now . I have a gut feel you be not with they but , but I just do not know . I be gonna do a background check on you and I nil be in touch if everything 's good , okay ? darius ( vo ) ( on phone ) yeah , okay . kenneth okay . good-bye , uh , good night . Kenneth hang up . he lean over and look at he face in the rear view mirror . he push he ear back closer to he head and study himself , position so that only that half of he head be visible in the mirror . he keep drive . int . seaside inn motel room - day Darius wake up to bright daylight fill the room . she get out of she bed . arnau sleep on the other bed . Jeff be go . she rub she eye and check she cell phone . nothing . int . hair salon - day Jeff enter a salon where a half dozen stylist do they thing . a man and woman occupy the receptionist so Jeff drift back against the far wall and survey the interior . his hopeful eye settle on a thin blond , who turn around and reveal she face . not she . Jeff scan the other stylist . he finally focus on a wood cut of the name liz in one stylist 's area . he study the woman cut hair there . liz cleary , 30 , be more than a little on the heavy side , have brown hair , pale skin and generally do not match Jeff 's description of a sun-kiss beach blond hottie . Jeff stare at she , the brightness fade from he eye . he turn and exit the salon . 33 . int . tiki bar - day Jeff sit at the bar with Darius and arnau and wiggle he finger in front of he face while grimace . jeff she be , she be big , and like ... darius you age ? I know , gross . jeff let 's just say the year have not be kind . they pretty much take a shit all over she . darius when I go back in time with he I be find you as a child and turn you gay . jeff do dude call yet ? darius no. jeff do not sweat it . he will call . you weird mojo click with he weird mojo and you get he in the bag . arnau should we like do a background check on he , or something ? make sure he 's not a murderer . darius he seem pretty harmless . Jeff 's eye follow a young hostess who walk toward they before meeting up with she baby - face boyfriend , 17 . a brief reality check register on Jeff 's face . Darius see . darius unlike perv-ison here . that girl 's like twelve . jeff what girl ? int . kenneth 's house - day over Kenneth 's shoulder we see he computer screen . 34 . on screen : Darius 's myspace profile . we see as he scroll : -- Darius have 0 friend . -- under '' here for '' : quantifying my self worth by the quality of total stranger who hit on I here . --clicks on '' photo '' : various photo of Darius do prison pose , flash fake gold tooth , and throw up gang sign on a bed cover with one dollar bill . Kenneth lean more into frame and we hear typing . on screen : a Google search . Darius britt . various version of the same article appear . the gist of all of they : ridgewood woman murdered ... survive by husband Phillip britt and daughter Darius britt . Kenneth 's arm come into frame , hold a cell to he ear . ext . high school football stadium - bleacher - night the Friday night light glisten off the wet grass in a medium - size stadium . two high school team take the field . we follow Darius through a crowd and up the bleacher stair , past the seat band , pound they drum , to the top row . kenneth hi. Kenneth put down a seat pad next to he . Darius sit on it . darius thanks . kenneth ( almost yell ) I hope you do not mind the noise . it 's a good public place to meet . they will not be able to hear we conversation . darius I would have do the same . who be we deal with here ? kenneth can not say for sure . they have be follow I , monitoring I since I start this mission . government agent maybe . probably . 35 . darius look . I just need to know if you be some kind of nutjob and this be all bullshit or if you be legit . kenneth oh I be legit . Darius give he a dead stare . kenneth trust I . I do not put up that ad just so people would make fun of I . they would not do that to my face ! Darius be not threaten by he awkward attempt at rage . darius I do not want to get jerk around . kenneth jerk around be for jerk . ext high school football stadium - other bleacher Jeff and arnau sit a good distance away , watch Darius from afar . Jeff open a small cooler and force a beer on arnau before take one for himself . Jeff breathes in . jeff God , I remember that smell . the smell of grass , you know ? and the sound of the drum . arnau you should give Liz a chance . that suck to spend all that year wonder about she and you be finally here and you do not go through with it . jeff all that time I be wonder about she she do not look like a female butcher . arnau that 's sad if the love of you youth be just base on what a girl look like in she bikini . 36 . jeff naw , it 's not like that . it be not she look . she have the hot southern accent . and she be so , I do not know , warm . I do not know how to describe it . arnau how do you know she 's still not ? Jeff think about it . then look around . jeff dude , there 's a ton of hot chick . arnau look . there be . arnau they be like all sixteen . jeff you should fuck put the move on this chick . a uptight mom in the row in front of Jeff frown . jeff well ? arnau well what ? jeff I will go see Liz again if you start talk to that chick right there . arnau they be high school girl . jeff yeah , and you be a college guy . who do you think high school girl fuck ? they get a angry head turn from Mom . ext high school football stadium - bleacher Darius play it cool and straight . darius so what 's the year ? where be we go ? 37 . kenneth 2003 . do that work for you ? darius perfect . that give I time to do what I need to do . what be the ... mean of transportation ? kenneth hold it in you holster for a sec . I be still make up my mind about you as a potential partner . I have to be completely certain I can trust you before I include you in certain information . darius that 's fair . what 's the time table ? kenneth there 's a critical step soon . I need to obtain certain material to facilitate the travel . I be plan to execute this within the next week . as far as you be concerned , this be a evaluation period . I be not make any promise . darius why 2003 ? what be you go back for ? kenneth like I say , certain detail will have to wait . Kenneth go silent , suspiciously eyeing the guy sit nearest to they , then give Darius a poignant look . she nod . ext high school football stadium - other bleacher a deputy sheriff walk up the bleacher step . the Mom stand and point out Jeff and arnau . mom right there , officer . Jeff downs a gulp of he beer and look around , puzzle . mom this two . the deputy beckon to Jeff with he finger . 38 . deputy let 's go . jeff what ? deputy you two ! up! let 's go . jeff what 's the problem ? deputy you be drink alcohol at a high school football game . come on . arnau take a deep breath , he world end around he . jeff it 's a football game . deputy smartass if I have to ask you one more time ! ext high school football stadium - bleacher head be turn to see what the ruckus be about . Kenneth and Darius look over and spot the deputy shouting at jeff. Darius 's eye go wide for a moment as Kenneth look . darius this drum be give I a headache . be there somewhere else we can go ? Kenneth take he eye away from the scene . kenneth okay . ext high school football stadium - other bleacher who be now up , be escort away by the deputy . mom that 's right . get they out of here ! jeff do not worry , he 's still gonna fuck you daughter . the deputy whip he red face around . arnau shake he head apologetically to the Mom and deputy . 39 . arnau no , that 's not true . ext high school football stadium - concession stand Darius and Kenneth weave through the crowd . they pass a group of rowdy teens , where a big beefhead kid , 18 , roughhouses with a jock . Kenneth be bowled over by this big mutant , knock to the ground . the jock then slap beefhead 's hand hold he fountain soda , cause it to spill all over Kenneth . the teens laugh . the beefhead pretend to have remorse . Darius help Kenneth to he foot . beefhead ( through a big grin ) I be sorry man . it be he fault . kenneth w-w-w-watch it , man . jock ( mock stutter ) I - i- I can not believe you just assault a retard . Kenneth be suddenly tight and uncomfortable , embarrassed . darius you guy be total asshole . beefhead and jock turn to face Darius . darius I mean , how useless be you ? at least all the other fatass be out there play football right now . and this one ? Darius look at the jock , as if to speak , but slap he elbow , knock he fountain soda into he own face . jock you fuck bitch . the other teens pull he back as Kenneth lead Darius away . kenneth I would have really mess they up if I be not try to keep a low profile . but I be glad I get to see you quality . ( more ) 40 . kenneth ( cont would ) I think you be ready for the next phase , some basic training . Kenneth spot the jock approach with another deputy sheriff . kenneth the heat 's move in . that 's all for tonight . the jock point she out to the deputy sheriff . jock that 's she ! she assault I with my drink . Darius turn back to Kenneth but he 's go . one with the night . she sigh and turn to face the music . ext . high school football stadium - parking lot - night Jeff and arnau be escort out through a gated door in the fence just as Darius be lead through at the same time by she own deputy sheriff . they all eye each other curiously . darius ( sarcastically ) seriously , how would you guy get kick out of a high school football game ? int . kenneth 's datsun - night Kenneth climb into he seat . he look at the Coke stain on he shirt . he slap the steering wheel over and over . this be not the first time he 's be humiliate . he perform a few karate move with he arm , complete with self - generate sound effect , re-playing in he mind what he wish he could have do to that guy . the driver 's side window fall in its slot , disappear into the door . Kenneth stop and look at he break window . CUT to : ext . wood - day blam ! Darius fire a .22 handgun in a remote woodland . a bottle on a fall tree shatter . Kenneth nod . kenneth Nice . you smoke it . 41. Kenneth push play on a cassette deck boom box he 's hang from a branch by its strap . cheap trick 's cheesy 80 's anthem '' mighty wing '' play , as record off of the radio two decade ago . Kenneth nod to the music , really find the elusive zone through its lyric , then fire he gun at a bottle . the top chip off and he finish it off with two more shot . darius I be get better than you . all I need be one shot . Kenneth , insulted , take she joke personally . kenneth it 's easy to shoot stand still with no pressure . Kenneth run a few step , then take a dramatic stance with both knee bent , both arm extend he gun out , and fire . kenneth but you have to be able to shoot on the move ... Kenneth spin and fire off two more shot . kenneth ..- with the heat fly by ... he drop to a knee and fire , then pull out a backup gun . kenneth .-.- do what I be do . come on . darius really ? Kenneth duck behind a tree , fake like he 's under fire , then spin out from the cover and shoot a bottle . it all look very awkward and slowly pace . kenneth come on ! Darius imitate he , but with only a fraction of he effort and intensity . kenneth smoke it ! come on , smoke it ! Darius fire some shot . 42 . kenneth they be close in . smoke ‘em . darius okay , just shut up . Darius finally hit a bottle . kenneth yeah ! you smoke he . darius yes , I smoke he . he 's smoke . a enraged man in a flannel storm through the tree . man in flannel hey ! stop you shoot ! they freeze as the man scream toward they . man in flannel my house be back there ! you put a hole in my swim pool you jackass ! darius should I smoke he ? kenneth run , go ! Darius and Kenneth take off into the wood . the man in flannel huff and puff but just stop , hand on hip . running side by side , Darius sneak a sideways peek at Kenneth 's face as he run . she can not help but burst out in laughter at the comical severity of he expression as he breathes rapidly in and out through he o-lip . Kenneth tone it down as they slow they clip . kenneth what ? she just keep laugh good - naturedly . Kenneth crack a smile , too . soon they be both laugh hard . ext . liz 's house - day Jeff wait on the porch of a cute little cottage style house . Liz open the door . 43 . jeff hello , Liz . liz Jeff ! oh my goodness ! look at you . come here ! she 's all sweet southern goodness , like a hot cotton T-shirt right out of the dryer . she hug he fondly , look he over . jeff I be sorry about yesterday . I be here on work and something come up , I just could not make it . liz I be so sad when you do not come after you get I think about you on that Facebook . be not Facebook just the craziest thing ? come in , get in here . int . liz' house - continuous Liz draw he into the house . jeff this be the best smell house I have ever be inside . liz well what do the house in New York smell like ? jeff like chinese food . liz I just have to get on the computer and read this magazine of yours . that 's so exciting , I always know you be go to do something special with you life . jeff special ? easy now . Jeff wince and rub he neck . liz what 's wrong with you neck , honey ? 44 , jeff I be share a bed with my intern . I sleep like a stiff corpse , try not to rub ass with the guy . liz you need heat on that ... oh! I have pie in the oven . jeff wow , you make they ? like with flour and that roller thing ? liz I make a peach , apple and strawberry rhubarb . which kind do you want ? ext . hilltop - day Darius and Kenneth sip gatorade while sit in the shade on a wood hilltop overlook the park datsun . kenneth that be some good training we get in . I get to see you under pressure . I think you be ready for initiation . darius I be bear ready . kenneth I like you intensity . you be like , no -nonsense . darius there 's no sense in nonsense . especially when the heat 's hot . kenneth exactly . Kenneth nod . she 's speak he language . kenneth they would not be make fun of I if they see we just now . sometimes I wish I be like a superhero that do not stop crime , but like step in when someone 's get make fun of and stop that , you know ? not I , but other people that get make fun of , that be not tough like I . 45 . Darius look at Kenneth in a way we do not recognize from she . something change here . she 's no longer make fun of he . kenneth but you be pretty good with the gun . no , you be damn good . darius I like you intensity , too . you have get good move . kenneth I do have to know what you be go back for , though . Darius look at he questioningly . kenneth I have a certain responsibility to keep . darius right . that 's fair . okay . ( beat ) I be go back to stop my mother from die when I be fourteen . kenneth how would she die ? darius she be kill by some guy . just some guy at a gas station take she and kill she . kenneth oh man . like a random thing ? darius yeah . well , no . she be drive home . it be late , like after midnight . and she call I to tell I she be on she way home . and I - ( beat ) I ask she to stop and get I some chocolate milk . because I have to have chocolate milk . so like five minute later she call I from the gas station and say they have it and she be come home . her voice be so excited . like she be so happy to get this chocolate milk for I . and I be just like whatever . I be not even nice . ( more ) 46 . darius ( cont would ) and that be it . last time I talk to she . so , no . it be not quite random that she be there . kenneth but it be not you fault . darius that 's what they tell I . Silent beat . Kenneth nod affirmatively to himself . kenneth you be ready . I trust you , Darius . a speck of guilt in Darius 's eye . darius good . you should . int . liz' kitchen - day Liz have a heating pad wrap around Jeff 's neck as she rub the trouble spot . a half eat pie rest on the table . jeff you bake pie like this and you be not marry ? what 's go on there ? liz I be marry . married this boy when I be twenty and that do not work out . jeff what happen ? liz he be a ball player , so I follow he around everywhere he team go , he be in the minor league for four year . I be the good little wife , work to support the both of we , baking cookie for the team . Jeff take a bite of pie , neck wrap in heating pad , Liz massage he shoulder . he 's on a cloud . jeff ohh , cookie , too ? 47 . liz but as soon as cameron get call up to the marlin and start make money he start run around with that Miami girl and that be that . I come back here . jeff what a dick . liz well , we be both young . it happen . hey , do you have a free night while you be here ? I want to make you a homemade dinner . jeff ( nearly coo ) I want to eat that homemade dinner . int . diner - day Darius and Kenneth at a booth in the country kitchen . kenneth it 's important that we do not abuse the power that will come with we knowledge of the future . no matter how tempting it might be to be the first poster on a message board to '' find '' all the secret of the newest video game . or to say , you know , hey I think that battlestar galactica show might really be awesome before anyone else be talk about it . darius what about , for the betterment of future society , assassinate certain celebrity when they be vulnerable before they get famous and get entourage ? kenneth absolutely not . we must stick to the plan . darius so when do you fill I in on it ? kenneth soon . the action 's get hungry . Real hungry . 48 . Darius spot a kid , 5 , at a table lick the sugar bottle . darius oh my god . the kid proceed to place the whole rim of the salt shaker in he sloppy mouth while he mom ignore he . darius I can not eat here . kenneth why ? darius do you see this mutant kid ? I be get nauseous . I can not look . Kenneth turn to look and Darius notice he leave ear off kilter . it stick out in a odd angle . darius oh. something ... you ear - Kenneth 's eye go rigid with fear . he feel at he ear , then snap the ear back into place . kenneth oh yeah . it , uh . Kenneth be run out of breath , near panic attack . darius it 's cool . we can eat here . Kenneth 's panic mix with anger and he curse at himself . kenneth stupid ! forget it , it 's off . Kenneth get up and storm out of the diner . ext . diner - continuous Darius follow he out as he rush to he car . darius dude , what 's wrong ? kenneth I be sorry . I change my mind . you be not the right one . 49 . Kenneth get into he car . Darius run to the window but he pull away . she stop , confuse . the car pull onto the road , begin to speed away , then brake . it finally stop on the side of the road . Darius watch for a moment , then walk over to the car . Kenneth have he head on the wheel . Darius lean down . darius Kenny , what 's the deal ? he sit back , take a deep breath . kenneth it 's fake . darius what be ? kenneth my ear . darius it 's fake ? kenneth I be bear with only one . darius be that what this be about ? kenneth they use to make fun of I . all the other kid . my parent could only afford one prosthetic so they wait until I stop grow . darius Kenneth , I do not care . it 's nothing to be embarrassed about . shit , people make fun of I , too . I wax my lip and shave my arm . I know it 's not the same , but I get it , you know ? I have a freaking mustache until I be fifteen . Darius place a gentle hand on Kenneth 's tense shoulder . he react like it 's electricity , like human contact be something he 's starve of , and he just taste the best kind there be . 50 . kenneth we can still do this if we just never talk about it again . please . darius okay . Kenneth silently unlock the passenger door . int . seaside inn motel room - evening Darius type on the laptop while arnau jot down note . arnau ( to Darius ) so then what have you tell he you reason for go to 2003 be ? darius I just make up some story . arnau yeah , what 's the story ? darius I tell he I want to go back and stop my parent from get divorced . Jeff enter the room , a bounce in he step . jeff there he be . Jeff slap arnau 's back . jeff arnau , the man . arnau what be you do ? jeff whatever I be do , I be feel fuck fantastic do it . darius do you just have sex with that fat girl you come here to stalk ? jeff no we do not . we share nice conversation . and she 's not that fat . ( more ) 51 . jeff ( cont would ) a girl 's beauty be , it 's in the eye , you know ? and that never go away . Darius do the jack - off motion . darius no wonder you do not nail she , with line like that . arnau so anyways , for the article we should know what 's wrong with this guy . like low i.q. , or emotional disorder , or whatever it be . darius what make you think he 's ' get 's something ? arnau he think he 's go back in time . darius so? do Einstein have something wrong with he ? or David bowie ? arnau what ? darius maybe he 's just a guy try to do something new . what make that such a freak show ? Jeff watch Darius with curiosity as he crack a beer . jeff so you think it 's normal ? darius I do not know . be it normal that you intern do all the work on you story ? be that how all you article get write ? jeff I be better at run thing . lead . I be not good with like word and shit and make sentence sound good . 52 . darius that 's probably kind of important , be that you job be write . jeff I never think of myself as a writer . I get the job off of something I write in college , but it take I all fuck year to write that thing . and it only turn out so good because it be about the one thing I could get into and really write well about . it 's funny how you can do one thing and you just become that guy . you whole life get define by it . and it be just like a accident in the first place . arnau what be it about ? Darius 's cell ring . she look at the name . darius it 's he . I have to go . ext . park - night a old van rush by Darius , bundle in a hoodie on the sidewalk . the van slow and pull to the curb down the road a bit . Darius chase after and the door swing open . ext . research facility - night the van come to a stop in the field behind the medical research facility we see Kenneth case earlier . int . van - night Kenneth and Darius . kenneth there 's technology inside this building that I need to complete the machine that will take we on we journey . Kenneth hand she a clipboard of note . 53. kenneth I will breach the outer perimeter , disable they security measure , penetrate the target , locate and secure the package , then rendezvous with you at the getaway point . the detail be all in this note . Darius flip through the note . page after page of diagram , map , list , and action drawing of Kenneth fight guard . Kenneth pull a black mask over he face . he get out of the van . Darius follow he with she eye as he run to the wall . ext . research facility - continuous Kenneth perform a unnecessary somersault roll to come to a stop against the eight foot wall . he rise , jump up and catch the ledge of the wall . int . parked car - night the Security Guard sit in a park car on the inside of the wall compound , study material for some class that will no doubt lead to a meteoric rise up the socioeconomic ladder . his study be interrupt by a handgun point through the window by Kenneth . ext . research facility - loading dock - night the Guard unlock the double - wide back door on the raise load dock in the back of the facility while Kenneth kneel in a dramatic pose in the shadow , gun on the Guard . int . research facility - storage closet - night Kenneth roll a wheeled cart out of a storage closet , then lock the Guard inside the closet with he own key . int . research facility - hallway - moment later Kenneth fly down a long hallway in a panic , look a bit lose as he push the cart as fast as he can . he turn a corner wildly and roll into a large lounge area where over a dozen employees celebrate a co- worker 's birthday with cake and food . Kenneth pull he cart to a stop . no one notice he . he back the cart out the way he come , completely unseen . 54 . int . research facility - storage closet - night the Guard lay down on a mattress make from box and foam pad and get comfortable . int . research facility - stock room - night Kenneth wheel the cart into a store room and begin load it up with medical device about the size and shape of old answer machine phone . they have basis and handpiece connect by a wire . we glimpse wording on the side of one unit : diode laser . int . research facility - hallway - night employee from the party chat in the hallway as Kenneth wheel he cart around a corner . he stop and the laser device spill onto the floor . the employee watch he , unsure what to do , as he pull he mask back over he face and scramble to retrieve the laser . int . van - night Darius 's cell phone light up . she sit up straight , gather herself and turn the key in the ignition . the van do not start . she look around , confuse , then spot the manual stick shift . her eye widen . darius crap , stick ? ext . research facility - loading dock - night Kenneth wheel the cart out through the back door onto the load dock . the curious employee follow he out , still not quite sure how to react to this situation . some try to talk to Kenneth , while one guy be on he cell phone , gesture as if give play - by- play of what 's go on . Kenneth 's head whip around search for the getaway . we see a festive sign post on the door behind he announce a birthday party for ella park tonight . the van jump and jerk its way close to the load dock . Kenneth wheel the cart to the back , open the rear door and spill the content of the cart into the back . he jump inside the van and shut the door . 55 . the employee at the back door watch the van pull away , then stall . it start up , move another ten yard and stall again . it start , jump forward and speed out of the lot . ext . overpass - night the van be park next to Kenneth 's datsun in a dry riverbed under a rural highway overpass . Darius watch Kenneth hurriedly transfer the laser from the van to the datsun . darius what do we do with the van ? kenneth leave it . I steal it from a lot . darius Kenneth , you do not hurt anyone in there , do you ? Kenneth shake he head . kenneth no casualty . Darius grip Kenneth 's arm . darius you be shaking . Kenneth look down sheepishly . kenneth adrenaline from the infiltration . int . kenneth 's datsun - moment later Kenneth steer around a bend to a dirt path lead up to the highway with the headlight off . kenneth no ! there 's a night road work crew ahead of they . Bright stand light illuminate a traffic light in need of repair as a worker be raise up in a crane to reach it . darius it 's fine . they will not know . kenneth we can not have any witness to connect my car to the van . ( more ) 56 . kenneth ( cont would ) the people that be after I will be on full alert after tonight . they 'il put the piece together . Kenneth reach the verge of another panic attack . kenneth dangit ! why do not I plan for this ? this be not good . not good ! Darius put she hand on he back . darius we will just wait here until they be do . it ’1ll be okay . Kenneth nod , breathes deeply , then steer the car behind some brush and turn it off . kenneth I be sorry . I be just so close now . darius it 's cool . I know . kenneth it 's a girl . Darius look over at he . kenneth I be go back for a girl . belinda St. sing . darius who be she ? kenneth my first girlfriend . only one I ever want to have . we be both twenty - one . her birthday be the same day in April as mine be in October . she be really , really pretty . when she first start work at the restaurant I do not really think about she . but then she be so nice to I . she have get I food . she have talk to I while I clean up . everyone else be off get ready to go out , all she friend . but she have sit there on the stool and talk to I . 57 . darius what happen ? kenneth she die . some jerk , some a-hole jerk in a band who get drunk after he show , crash he car into she house one night . a night I be suppose to be there but be not . I should have be there . darius you would have just get hurt , too . it 's not you fault . kenneth everyone always say there 's plenty of other girl out there . but it do not work like that . it 's not just about the girl , it 's about a time and a place . you just can not go find that again . Darius lean back in she seat , sleepy , and somehow so comfortable in this odd place and company . darius I like you reason for go back , Kenneth . ext . park - dawn the sun creep up , cold in the misty air . Long shot of the datsun drop Darius off at the park before drive away . int . seaside inn motel - breakfast room - day Jeff scarf down a mini-box of raisin bran across the table from Darius and arnau . jeff Fucking laser ? arnau what kind of laser ? darius I do not know I be not a freaking Storm trooper . jeff this guy 's awesome . he 's over there right now really think he 's building a damn time machine . ( more ) 58 . jeff ( cont would ) arnau , what be the chance he can really do it with this laser ? arnau how would I know , I be not a - darius he 's not a freaking Storm trooper . jeff Storm trooper do not know shit about laser or time travel , they be fuck blue collar worker . ( mouth full ) I gotta go see this shit . ext . kenneth 's shed - day Darius , Jeff and arnau sneak to the lock shed next to the house . Jeff try to climb up the shed wall to peer in through the crack between the roof and wall . darius be not this like violate he privacy ? jeff I can not see down far enough . Jeff drop back down to the ground . jeff what be you building in there , Kenny ? arnau , on look - out , frantically combine as many warning gesture as he mind hold : throat slash , incomplete pass , thumb down , etc . Jeff and Darius crouch and hold they breath as kenneth emerge from the shed and lock the many lock behind he . he carry a large box to he car and load it into the trunk . jeff shit . get the fuck outta here . a sunglassed man in dark slack and jacket appear from the tree beyond Kenneth 's house and run across the street . he get into a black sedan park around the corner . jeff who 's this asshole ? 59 . Kenneth 's datsun drive away . the black sedan slowly pull out onto the main street and follow he car . darius they be follow he . oh my God . there really be people follow he . ext . ocean view street - day Kenneth 's datsun turn right onto a residential street . moment later the sedan do the same . next come the acura , Jeff behind the wheel . int . kenneth 's datsun - day Kenneth check he rear-view mirror and see the sedan a good distance behind he . he make another turn . int . black sedan - day the man in sunglass nod to he nearly identical partner . we will call they jone and smith . jone stay back . do not spook he . int . jeff 's acura - day Jeff trail the black sedan . arnau stay back . do not scare they . jeff this be fuck intense . darius we be go fifteen mile a hour . int . black sedan - day Jones watch Kenneth 's datsun abruptly turn onto a side street . jone shit , he see we . go ! Smith look in he rear-view and raise a eyebrow . smith I think we be be trail . Jones spin around . 60 . jone huh ? int . jeff 's acura - day the sedan in front of they quickly speed up and turn around a corner out of sight . jeff shit , they be on to we . darius on to what ? ext . dead end STREET - day a local woman pull she car to the end of she driveway , brake for the datsun to drive by . Kenneth reach the dead end and do a tight U - turn , kick up dirt and tear up the corner of someone 's lawn . the local woman slam on she brake before pull out , surprised by Kenneth 's quick turnabout . int . black sedan - day Smith gun the sedan around the corner onto the dead end street and swerve to avoid swiping the nose of the local woman 's car . he hit the brake hard as Kenneth drive past . smith shiiiit . Kenneth glare at they as he pass and continue in the opposite direction . int . jeff 's acura - day Jeff take the corner tight and fast . the datsun appear and both car brake to avoid a collision . Jeff and Darius duck they head down . jeff do not let he see you ! int . kenneth 's datsun - day Kenneth look into the acura as he steer around it and onto the main street . all he see be arnau , freeze like a deer in the backseat , stare back . the front look completely empty . Kenneth , confuse , speed away . 61 . int . jeff 's acura - day arnau exchange the same confuse look with Smith and Jones , who slowly drive past before speed away . darius what the hell , do you see that guy ? arnau they look like government agent or something . darius ( amaze ) he 's really be follow . jeff ( laugh ) Holy shit be this guy for real ? ext . coastal picnic area - day Jeff sip on a milk shake as arnau type on the laptop on a picnic table . Darius 's cell ring . she answer . Jeff hover . she eye he and turn away for privacy . darius Kenneth ? be you okay ? Jeff shoot a arched eyebrow at Darius . ext . gas station - day Kenneth pace , cell to he ear . kenneth hey . the heat get too hot today . they be all over I . Way too hot . ext . picnic area - day Darius cover she open ear . darius who be ? kenneth ( vo ) ( on phone ) I can not talk . just watch you back . stay low and lay low . ( more ) 62 . kenneth ( vo ) ( cont would ) go to the park , I 'il come get you . it 's almost time . click . Darius lower the phone . jeff look at you . darius what ? jeff be you in love with this guy ? darius no. jeff you be get all work up about this whole thing . what 's be go on with you two when you be off alone ? darius I be do what you make I do . jeff maybe that be he plan the whole time . whoever answer that ad would have to be he soulmate . darius shut up . arnau it be like a personal ad . jeff e-harmony for lunatic . darius you guy be asshole . take I to the park . I be meeting he . jeff oooh , for a picnic ? ext . u- save - parking lot - day Darius and Kenneth on the outer edge of the vast U - save lot . kenneth it 's obvious they see a threat in I possess this kind of power . darius who be they ? kenneth it 's not clear what entity they represent . they presence here accelerate the plan , though . 63 . Kenneth hand Darius a wide shoebox wrap in a string . kenneth they 'il have one of they guy at every door , but you should be fine . I do not think they have id have you yet . darius get it . ext . u- save - day Darius carry the box inside . she can not help but eye the unconcern old lady wait by the entrance . int . u- save - stockroom - day a stockboy lead Darius into a back storeroom and point out the weary old black man , Shannon , who we see Kenneth talk to at work earlier . Darius approach . darius Shannon ? Shannon lean a dolly against a wall and turn . shannon yes mar ’am . Darius hold out the box . darius this be from Kenneth . he want I to give it to you . Shannon , surprised , slowly take the box from she . watch he slide the string off and open the lid . she Inside be thousand of dollar . look like every last dollar Kenneth could possibly have . shannon Kenneth say to give this to I ? Darius , shocked as much as Shannon be , nod . 64 . Shannon try to speak , but be overcome by emotion . he shake he head , he tired eye fight off tear . shannon I do not even know how to thank the man . darius it 's okay . shannon you tell he ... Shannon choke up . darius I know . I x11 tell he . shannon and tell he I hope he get wherever he 's goin 's an’ it all work out how he want . ext . u- save - parking lot - day Darius walk through the lot . her face be a bit blank , a bit overwhelm . she look so much softer than when we meet she . int . kenneth 's datsun - same Darius get in and just stare at Kenneth , a smile in she eye , trouble in the rest of she face . Kenneth look back at she , then the road , then she . kenneth what ? darius nothing . ext . liz 's house - backyard - day Jeff sit at a picnic table while a wholesome feast be laid out before he by Liz . liz it sound dangerous . her run around with this guy and this other man follow he around . jeff ah , she will be fine . there 's still leftover pie , right ? 65 . Liz bring he a icy bottle of beer . liz do you remember when you talk I into go on that boat with that strange man ? jeff yeah , see . nothing bad happen to we . we get to go wake board , have a good time . liz he spend all day take photograph of I in my bathing suit ! jeff oh yeah , he never do mail that to we like he say he would , do he ? liz no ! he be probably a sexual predator and you throw I right to he so you could waterski . jeff it work out , right ? Fair trade . I be sure he get some pleasure out of that photo . liz he take hundred ! jeff how do I not even think that be weird at the time ? Liz fall down into he lap playfully . liz he take a lot of you so he might have be get pleasure out of that one , too . jeff well of course he do . I be rip back then . liz oh you be not . you be scrawny . Jeff force she hand onto he chest . 66 . jeff yeah , well feel I now . Liz roll she eye . Jeff kiss she . ext . boy scout camp - day the datsun park in a remote wood area where a small camp area consist of open , wood frame shelter blend into the fall foliage . Darius and Kenneth get out of the car . kenneth the place we be go be a short walk , maybe five minute from here . you have to make sure you remember how to get here . Darius stroll along the camp shelter . darius get it . kenneth here . Kenneth lead she to one of the shelter where a sleep bag lie next to a duffle . some book be scattered on the wooden floor next to a cooler . Kenneth open the cooler and take a local trail map out of it . darius this be you stuff ? Kenneth draw on the map with a pen . kenneth yeah , the Boy scout do not use this place after September so I just kind of set up here , like have a second home to come spend some night , you know . clear the head . Darius dig into one of the box and pull out a a old zither , a kind of flat , square guitar that 's laid on you knee when you play it . kenneth there , I draw the location on here so you will always be able to get there . darius you play this ? 67 . kenneth I have be try . belinda really love music . back when we be together I always wish I could play she something . my dad have one of this so I have be learn some song for when I see she again . I want to be a better man for she this time . darius play something . kenneth oh , nah . darius come on . you need to practice on somebody . i’1l tell you if it 's good . kenneth yeah , you be right . Kenneth take the zither and sit down , lay it across he knee . he begin to play . it 's Van halen 's when it 's Love but it 's hard to recognize , slowed down . he play like a savant , technically perfect , even add note to fill space . Darius watch with wonder . the sound be amazing . then he begin to sing . kenneth ( sing ) everybody 's lookin’ for somethin’ , somethin’ to fill the hole ... his voice be not great , but not bad either . he sing softly , sincerely . it 's at once ridiculous and beautiful . he wrap . kenneth ( sing ) oh , oh , oh , when it 's love . his shy eye can not even look up at Darius . kenneth so anyway , that 's one of they . I have learn like thirty of ‘em . darius Kenneth it 's so good . 68 . kenneth yeah ? darius so good . int . liz' house - live room - day Jeff collapse onto Liz 's full cleavage in the aftermath of heat , partially clothed spontaneous sex on she couch . jeff oh my God . that 's the best I have ever have . I be not lie . Liz giggle . liz that 's what you say about the fry chicken . jeff I be so serious . Jeff prop himself up and gaze at she , he brain load with food and sex pleasure chemical . jeff you do not now how long I have be think about this right here . ever since I use to come down here in the summer I never meet a girl like you . you have be this character in my head like from a old fairy tale . like you be the last of a kind that do not exist anymore . liz ( laugh ) what be you talk about ? jeff no , I be so serious , I write a story about you . like how love never feel as good as the first one , and you can not ever get that high again . liz you be so cute . jeff I want you to come to New York . 69 . liz what ! jeff I want to figure this out , make it happen . liz Jeff , Jeff , Jeff . you be not in you right mind right now . jeff I be completely sincere about this , Liz . liz Jeff . as soon as you drive out of this place you be not go to want I there anymore . jeff come on , do not you feel this ? liz it 's a fantasy . this be fantasy time . I be dating a real solid man right now . he work at the post office , he grow up here . this be not a fantasy world for he . he can take care of I . jeff so can I . liz Jeff , I have be through that before . I be too old to take that chance again . Jeff stand up , now become angry . jeff so no ? you be say no ? liz I be sorry . jeff this be un- fuck - believable . I stretch my ass out on the line here and look what I get . Fucking punch in the face . hey asshole , follow you heart . listen to you heart . ( more ) 70 . jeff ( cont would ) oh , ok , what 's that you say , heart ? you just get punk and now you look like a giant dildo . liz Jeff , I think you be act a little crazy about this . jeff goddammit ! Jeff punch the air , but tweak he back muscle , and double over hold he neck . ext . liz 's house - moment later Jeff march away from Liz , fume . she watch he go with sympathy from the porch . ext . lake - day Kenneth lead Darius down a hill to a old , large tree on the edge of a wide lake . a rope swing with a wood disk at the end hang from a branch that stretch over the water . kenneth here it be . Kenneth find a large knot in the tree , reach he arm up into it , pull away a small wood cover . he strain until he pull a old army ammunition tin out of the tree hollow . kenneth when we go back in time , if anything bad happen , if anyone get hurt , you mess up , the people after I catch we , anything bad - come here and put a note inside . I ’'1l do the same , then we know what go wrong and we can fix it . get it ? this be very important . Darius nod . Kenneth look inside the box . it 's empty . kenneth so far so good . darius this be here in 2003 ? kenneth it 's be here since I be a kid . I use to camp back there when I be in the Boy scout . ( more ) 71 . kenneth ( cont would ) some of the other kid use to make fun of I for bring my Star Wars figure with I , cause I do not want they to be alone back at my house , so they have take they and throw they into the fire and laugh at I for sleep with they . this be before my martial art training , of course . I carve out this hide spot for they so I could still take they with I and no one would hurt they . I have just sneak down here at night and take they out , then put they back in the morning . darius I wish I could see you when you be a little kid . kenneth ( snort laugh ) I be not as impressive as I be now . Kenneth replace the box back into the tree . Darius run she finger along the wooden disk at the end of the rope , tethere to the trunk by a nail . kenneth I and my dad make that , too . darius what do you do ? swing ? kenneth yeah , get on . darius no , I be not much of a swinger . kenneth come on , get on . Kenneth unhook the swing from the nail and hold the disk flat for she . kenneth come on . I play that song . Darius reluctantly swing she leg around the rope and straddle it , seat on the disk , foot dangle a few foot off the ground while Kenneth hold it in place . 72 . darius now what ? kenneth hold on ! Kenneth sprint forward toward the pond , run down the hill , push Darius on the swing . they face be a few foot apart , she eye wide with surprise , he wide with the glee you normally only see in a child 's . Kenneth push she to the lake 's edge and let go . Darius , hand tight on the rope , swing free and far out over the water . she swing back over land . Kenneth laugh as he chase she . he grab onto the disk and tuck up he leg as she begin to swing back to the lake , now with Kenneth hang on . the two of they soar over the lake . at the high point Kenneth let go and splashes into the water . Darius swing back over the land , half scream , half laugh . Kenneth motion she into the water with he hand . kenneth come on ! jump ! Darius make another pass over he , shaking she head ' no . 's kenneth how else be you go to get off ? Darius swing over the land , then clenches she eye shut as she fly back over the water . she push off . the swing go back alone . she plunge into the cold water . she splashes to the surface and swat water at Kenneth , who laugh . to the music , a series of shot : -- Kenneth hold Darius 's hand , help she out of the water . -- Kenneth give a soak Darius the only towel out of the back of the datsun and help wrap she up in it . -- Kenneth , shiver cold , get a fire start in the camp fire pit as night fall . Darius , snug in she towel , laugh as he squat down right in the fire , desperate for the warmth . 73 . -- they sit by the fire . Kenneth light the wing of a paper airplane and send it on a fiery flight . Darius take he head in she hand so softly . he 's paralyze . her hand run over he ear . Kenneth 's hand defensively grab she wrist to pull it away from he prosthetic , but then he relax and let she arm go . she kiss he . CUT to : int . seaside inn motel room - night arnau play he online game on the laptop . Jeff enter with the most deadly serious look on he face . arnau meet he gaze , apprehension grip he soul . cheap trick 's '' mighty wing '' ramp up , full force ... int . jeff 's acura - night the acura cruise down the road , window down . Jeff look over at arnau , give he a nod . int . bar - night Jeff and arnau have a drink at the bar . Jeff scan the joint . nothing but sad bar regular and a 50 year - old cocktail waitress . Jeff downs he drink and get up , on a mission . ext . liquor store - night Jeff exit the acura . a group of three girl and one southern goth guy wave he over from the corner of the storefront . arnau watch from the car . the most audacious of this group , linsey , hold out a twenty dollar bill to Jeff and motion toward the liquor store as she politely plead with he . this group be obviously under 21 , how far under we will never know . int . jeff 's acura - night arnau be squeeze in the back seat next to a decent girl , she friend , and the goth guy . in the front seat , linsey chug a hard lemonade . Jeff look over at she , widen he eye and lower she bottle down out of view from the outside . linsey laugh and playfully swat he hand away . 74 . ext . beach - night Jeff , arnau and they new friend on the beach with burnt firework and empty bottle . linsey chase Jeff with a sparkler while the goth guy shoot bottle rocket at arnau and the other two chick , who run for cover . goth guy oh shit the cop ! Jeff look up to see a police cruiser on the far side of the dune above they . everyone run , laugh . ext . STREET - night on a quiet , remote street , the acura do donut . int . jeff 's acura - continuous arnau brace in the backseat , girl fall all over he . Jeff look back from the front and scream euphorically . int . seaside inn motel - room - night Jeff emerge from the bathroom , pass the two queen bed , one with linsey and another girl pass out on it , the next with the goth guy and the decent girl on it watch tv . ext . seaside inn motel - ice room - night arnau get a nestea from a soda machine . Jeff approach . arnau they still in there ? jeff yeah , where have you be ? that girl 's in there wait for you . arnau Nah . you go . jeff dude , this be not about I . this be all for you . you better get back in there and handle business . arnau I do not think so . jeff wait a minute . be you gay , arnau ? Cause that I can handle . that I x11 understand . Jeff ext . Jeff int . Jeff with 75 . arnau no , I be not gay . jeff then what be you do ? arnau come on , just leave I alone . jeff no . it 's all set up perfectly . arnau whatever , you act like it 's so easy . jeff it be . arnau yeah . it be for you . and people that look like you . jeff you do not even know what you be talk about . arnau no , you do not ! you would not do anything either if you be I and you know it . do you want to see I get embarrassed ? grab arnau forcefully . jeff come here . arnau what be you do , man ? let go . seaside inn motel - night walk arnau to the they motel room , force he inside . seaside inn motel room - night drag arnau inside and literally throw he onto the bed the goth guy and the decent girl . arnau tumble onto the girl , who smile with sleepy , drunk eye . arnau I be sorry . 76 . jeff hey , pillow fight ! Jeff smack the decent girl with a pillow , then smack arnau , then leave the pillow with the girl . she immediately pick up the fight , playfully swatting arnau with it . Jeff look at the goth guy . jeff smoke ? the goth guy nod and follow Jeff to the door . Jeff look back as he exit . the decent girl throw she arm around wide - eye arnau and begin make out and grind with he . satisfied with himself , Jeff close the door behind they . int . kenneth 's datsun - dawn Darius , still snug in the towel , watch Kenneth fight shiver as he drive with the chill wind whipping in through the break window . ext . park - dawn Kenneth help Darius out of the car . she smile at he . he drop he head shyly . Darius wave good - bye and walk away . Kenneth stare after she . CUT to : ext . seaside inn motel - morning Jeff sleep , sit upright in a chair place outside the motel room door as linsey and she friend slip out behind he and silently walk away . a cell ring . Jeff 's eye pop open . he answer . jeff yeah . int . facsimile - bridgette 's office - day bridgette on the office phone . bridgette Jeff , I have be go over the note you have be send in . 77 . intercut with jeff Jeff check he watch . jeff now ? it 's so early . bridgette yeah , I be work here . be not that what you be do down there ? Jeff shift in he chair . a cheap champagne bottle slip off he chest and bounce on the cement walkway . jeff yeah . bridgette this belinda St. sing ? the girlfriend he say die in a accident . be that the right name ? jeff yeah , that 's right . why what 's up ? ext . seaside inn motel - morning Darius walk through a white fog spun by the still morning . she silently pass linsey and she friend , with pale face and smudge mascara , move like ghost through the mist . Jeff click he cell phone shut as Darius approach . jeff you be past curfew . darius be that girl with you ? jeff hundre percent arnau . hey , that girl you boyfriend say he 's go back to save , belinda ? darius yeah ? jeff she be alive and well . live a couple hour from here . darius how ? what do you mean ? 78 . jeff I mean she 's alive . bridgette call she and set a interview with she . I think you dude 's seriously nut . Darius compose she face and make busy with she bag . darius I know he 's crazy . so she 's alive . whatever . I want to do the interview . ext . belinda 's house - day Darius exit the acura . Jeff , in the driver 's seat , look she in the eye from behind dark sunglass . arnau sleep in the backseat . jeff you sure you get this , kiddo ? Darius nod . ext . belinda 's house - front porch - moment later Darius stand on the porch of a suburban home in a lush , colorful neighborhood that contrast the bleak pre-winter beach area . the door finally open . belinda ST . sing , 30 's , a mom who 's hold on to she beauty without go to extreme , smile . belinda hi. Darius , right ? darius yeah , like the hootie and the blowfish guy . some scream from kid play . belinda I be sorry . it will probably be more quiet if we talk outside . ext . belinda 's house - patio - day Darius sit across a patio table from belinda . 79 . belinda he work at Anderson 's , a restaurant I be wait at during college . really sweet . so different than any of the other guy . all of my friend be like , why be you dating this guy ? but he be really fun , and funny . I remember he have all this little insecurity . he would never let I touch he head . and he get real serious real fast , you know ? I guess we have all have one of that guy , right ? belinda laugh . Darius swallow uncomfortably . belinda we break up after not long . he quit the restaurant , I do not see he for awhile after that . then there be the accident . darius what be the accident ? belinda he crash he car into my boyfriend 's house . it be when I first start dating Rob , my husband . he have a show in wilmington that night , he be ina band back then . anyway , we have a party at this little house he be rent at the time after the show . I stay over and we go to sleep and next thing we know Kenneth crash he car into the front lawn . go all the way up to the house , put a dent in the wall under the kitchen window . Kenneth seem a little drunk . I convinced Rob to let he go before the police come and we report it as a hit and run . and now that I think of it , that 's the last time I see he . ext . belinda 's house - later belinda wave as Darius make she exit . belinda hope I help . it 's facsimile Magazine ? 80. darius yeah . thanks again . Darius walk to the car , head spin . she take a few step down the street before she see the two man in black , Smith and Jones , exit they park sedan . Jeff get and Jones darius oh shit . out of he car and catch up to Darius as Smith reach she . smith Excuse I . can we have a moment of you time ? darius who be you ? smith nothing to be alarmed about . we would just like to ask a few question about Kenneth calloway . jeff look , we be just here do a story on he . we be not involved in anything he 's involved with . jone we do not mean to come off the wrong way . we have actually talk to facsimile magazine and verify you connection to calloway . ( off Jeff 's look ) you talk to people and we talk to that people . it 's we job . darius what do you want with he ? smith we work in the private security branch of gower medlab . we have be investigate calloway for a couple of year now . we suspect he of be a agent work for a rival medical research company . darius why would you think he ? 81 . jone he 's participate in trial testing conduct by we company at a frequency that raise some internal alarm . turn out he 's repeatedly apply for various job with we , all in unrelated field . darius he can not be a spy . smith he be arrest in Florida for break and enter at one of we facility . and then there be the recent robbery at one of the testing facility here ... jeff oh yeah ? what have they take ? smith prototype for a laser hair removal system . jone Technology that could be very valuable to a compete corporation . have you have any contact with he in the past 24 hour ? jeff no. Darius ? Darius shake she head . darius you know for sure he be the one who rob the research place ? like , you have evidence ? smith we be confident . give we a call if you hear from he ? Smith hand Darius a card . Jones turn to leave . Smith pause . smith what 's this story about ? jeff what 's that ? 82. smith for the , for you magazine . jeff oh , the story . time travel ? I do not know anymore , actually . he eye they both . smith good luck . ext . kenneth 's house - day the acura park in front of Kenneth 's house . Jeff look at Darius as she open the door . jeff you sure ? darius yeah . Darius exit the car . in the back , arnau awaken and groggily poke he head forward . arnau where be we ? jeff sex clinic , Romeo . you have a serious problem and need help . ext . kenneth 's house - porch - day Darius knock and wait . it 's dark inside the crack open window . she slide the window up and lift the screen off its groove . she reach in shoulder deep around to the door lock and unlock it . int . kenneth 's house - day Gray shaft of daylight reveal the nest of a organize hoarder . book and magazine pile neatly , edge square but eat up all of the interior space . some mechanical device lie in neat piece on a blanket on the floor . Darius turn sideways to squeeze through the neat , chest -high column of clutter on she way to the computer in the corner . Darius shake the mouse and the screen saver blink off . the computer 's desktop be as cluttere as the apartment . she click on a few of the icon , find nothing . 83 . she turn she attention to stack of papers on the desk . she leaf through journal entry and hand - draw design of small component machine part . her eye be draw to a small pile of photograph on a shelf . she look through photo of Kenneth at various age ... until she stop on one photo in particular . a 8 by 10 we only see the back of . this photo make a impact on she . kenneth ( os ) Darius ? what be you do here ? Darius shake out of the spell and find Kenneth there . darius I just come to see what 's go on . kenneth everything 's set . I move the machine to the launch site . departure be at five pm . thing be pretty hairy , I have to sneak in through the back cause the spook be all over I . they could be out there right now . Kenneth slyly peer out through the close blind . darius Kenneth , we need to talk . kenneth about what happen last night . I know we work relationship become complicated but we need to re-focus and not let it compromise the mission . darius no , Kenneth , I mean I talk to the guy who be follow you . they say you steal that laser to sell the technology , like you be some corporate spy or something . kenneth hah . simpleton . let they think that , it work in we favor . darius I also talk to belinda . I be at she house like a hour ago . there 's a subtle twitch in Kenneth 's expression . 84 . kenneth wait , what ? what 's go on here ? you be check up on I ? darius well yeah . most people that promise to take I on a journey through space and time I do a little research on . kenneth I know it . see , this whole mission be get janked up by you . darius what 's the mission ? she 's alive , Kenneth . I just see she . you lie to I about she . what else have you be lie about ? ext . kenneth 's house - same wait inside the acura , Jeff and arnau see Jones and Smith pull the black sedan into Kenneth 's drive . jeff shit . Jeff sit up and open the car door . int . kenneth 's house - same Kenneth pace , concentrate hard . kenneth no , no , no . do not you see ? obviously if she 's alive then I have already succeed in my mission . darius Kenneth , just be honest with I . kenneth the question be why I be not with she . what do it mean ? the front door open . Jeff spill into the room . jeff Darius , fuck ! they be right behind I . Jones and Smith push in right on he heel . 85 . kenneth you be with that guy ? darius Kenneth , oh God . kenneth you be just like the rest of they ? you be make a joke of I ? darius no . no , I be not . jeff look , man . we be try to write a honest story about you for a magazine . nobody be try to make a joke out of you . darius Jeff , do not - kenneth a magazine story ? Kenneth 's face drain . his wide , hurt eye fall on Darius . kenneth you have be pretend ? Darius ? jone Kenneth calloway , we be take you into custody and transport you to Florida to stand trial . Jones and Smith step forward . darius you guy be not cop . you can not come in here . they brush by Darius and close in on Kenneth . jone I have be grant power of attorney by you bail bondsman to apprehend you and deliver you to Clearwater to stand trial . Jones and Smith move to cuff he but Kenneth struggle . kenneth you can not take I now ! I be leave tonight ! 86 . Kenneth whip out of they grasp , knock over tower of fold clothes and magazine , spilling onto the floor a flood of junk that Jones and Smith get catch up in , drop they . Kenneth take one last pain look at Darius and flee out the back . Jones and Smith scramble to they foot and follow . ext . kenneth 's house - back yard - day Jones and Smith run into the backyard just in time to see Kenneth vanish into the thick reed of the wilderness beyond he property . they stop , hand on hip . Darius exit the house . she shut she eye and hold she hand to she head . darius I be such a asshole . Jeff appear behind she . jeff so be he really building a time machine or what ? arnau ( 0s ) hey ! check this out . it 's open . Darius look over to the shed . the chain on the door dangle freely , they lock hang open . int . kenneth 's house - shed - moment later Darius open the door , Jeff and arnau behind she . they enter the shed , light by sunlight filter in through the space between the roof and wall . it 's mostly empty . the cement floor be largely clean and bare except ina distinct pattern around the edge , suggest something the size of a small rv recently rest here . dozen of tool litter the floor 's edge , along with piece of tub , pipe , gasket , gear and circuit board . all eye be draw to the wall of the shed , however . they be cover with detailed schematics of the time machine . from the draw we get the sense of a airboat heavily modify with extra propeller engine and intricate machinery . it 's impressive . it look like the real deal . 87 . arnau whoa , awesome . jeff this be fuck fantastic . they look to Darius . arnau you do not think he really - ? jeff Holy shit , would he already be go ? how would we know ? on darius realizing she know exactly how they would know . ext . lake - dusk Darius hurry down the hill to the base of the tree at the edge of the lake . she reach she arm into the hollow of the tree and remove the ammunition tin . she sit down on the hill with the tin on she knee as Jeff and arnau approach . she open it . there 's a note inside . her finger almost tremble as she read . arnau what be it ? then we hear the rumbling roar of engine in the distance . it 's the sound of raw combustion engine mix with the smooth , high pitch purring of electric motor . Darius stand , drop the note and follow the sound to the edge of the lake . the source quickly become visible . it 's incredible . a crazy , modify airboat with four propeller , multiple engine , and all kind of tube and cord and unidentifiable part fix together create a intimidating piece of machinery float in the water next to a narrow dock . jeff Holy shit . Kenneth stand on a small deck on the machine . he flip a switch . 88 . behind he a raise chassis on the machine begin spin in circle so quickly it become a dangerous blur of whirling steel . up the hill Jones and Smith crest the hill behind they , out of breath . they spot the machine and share a bewilder look . on the dock Kenneth see Darius as she run onto the dock . darius Kenneth ! Kenneth see Darius . he ease a throttle back and the noise of the engine die down . darius Kenneth , I be so sorry ... he step off the machine onto the dock , keep he distance . kenneth be you just make a joke of I the whole time ? darius no . I promise you . I lie about the story but everything else be real . that be really I . Kenneth process this , want to believe she ... then nod to himself , resolute . kenneth get on . darius what ? kenneth I be not go back for belinda . I be go back for you . I have to save you mother . tear appear in Darius 's eye , surprising she . kenneth come with I . Darius look behind she . Jones and Smith be close in . Jeff and arnau watch from the shoreline . 89 . Kenneth reach out he hand . teary - eye but laugh , she take it . he pull she onto the time machine and they share a moment , now face to face . Kenneth place she hand on a railing . kenneth hold on to this . I will not let you get hurt . Darius nod . he return to the control and push the throttle . light glow and machinery spin as the noise accelerate . on the dock arnau pick up the fall note as Jones and Smith walk past . Jeff watch in disbelief . jeff what be she do ? on the machine float away from the dock , rock wildly in the water . Kenneth hold on to the support rail with Darius . his wide eye look upwards , hopeful , expectant . as the roaring engine reach a crescendo , we hear a loud pop . Kenneth 's expression be invade by doubt . on the machine Kenneth push button and check gauge , he face wrack with desperation . the spin part be now grind . smoke spill upwards . Darius watch Kenneth with a desperate look , hope for something that be not possible and she know it . Kenneth shout at the control , plead and anguish . his shout fade with the roar of the engine as the machine slowly wind down and finally become deathly quiet , bob on the black water . Kenneth slump back against the rail . all hope drain from Darius . she put a hand on he . Jeff and arnau watch silently and sadly from the dock as Jones and Smith ready they handcuffs . 90 . ext . lake - sundown Kenneth 's despondent face be turn down in the backseat of the sedan . he make eye contact with Darius one last time as Jones and Smith drive he away . as the car disappear , arnau look at the note from Kenneth still in he hand . it read : mission accomplished . dissolve to : int . jeff 's acura - morning the day 's first gasp of sunlight streak through the pass tree onto the face of arnau , Jeff and , finally , Darius on a melancholy drive out of town . int . facsimile - conference room - day bridgette speak to the facsimile editorial staff . bridgette and so in light of have write a story that 's get the most web hit in the history of facsimile , create a internet sensation and bring unprecedented attention to we little magazine , the least we can do be promote you to full time feature writer . as bridgette speak , we track across the face in the room , all look in one direction , to Darius , whose face we finally settle on . she force a smile as the room applaud . bridgette not to mention this be the first time they have ever sell t-shirt on the internet base on one of we storey . bridgette unveil a joke T-shirt with a photo of Kenneth 's comically serious face next to a blow - up copy of the classified ad , above which be print , safety not guaranteed . laugh around the room . Jeff look at Darius , who seem a thousand mile away from the celebratory mood in the room . gl . ext . CITY street - day Darius walk amongst a ocean of exhaust commuter , a face in the crowd . int . subway - night Darius ride alone , pensive , sad . int . britt live room - night Darius sit with Mr. britt and farid on the couch , they face light by the glow of the tv . jay leno ( on tv ) want , somebody to go back in time with I . this be not a joke . Safety not guarantee . I have only do this once before ... farid chuckle . Darius wince , angry . Mr. britt notice the melancholy on he daughter 's face . int . facsimile - MAIN office - evening the tail end of the office party . a banner pin along the wall read congratulation darius . douchey guy surround Jeff , laugh too loud . jeff meanwhile she 's like , '' I want you to fuck my ass . '' and I be like , '' you be the kind of girl I might fall in love with , let 's take it slow . '' Jeff notice Darius drift away from the group . she pass a coworker at a computer . coworker hey , Darius , there 's another parody video about you mullet - man . you gotta see this , it 's hilarious . Darius move on , ashamed to even acknowledge it . coworker ( os ) this guy 's a legend ... Jeff catch up to she alone in the corner . jeff I have this make up for you . 92 . he hand she a glass frame print of she article . jeff Nice write , kid . Darius take the frame , then cast a guilty glance toward the parody video on the computer . darius Jeff , I never mean to -- jeff I know . arnau approach with a short indian girl under he arm . arnau hey , we be cut out early , but congrat . darius thanks , arnau . bye. arnau and Darius hug , then he leave with he woman . jeff seriously , great job . I be proud of you . she smile . Jeff leave she . she look at the frame story . her Pov pan across the article . we see the title . safety not guaranteed photo of Kenneth that we see earlier in he house be patch in amongst the paragraph . we see she face as she stop on one photo in particular : Kenneth , age five , before he ever be the butt of any joke , smile with wide , innocent eye and just one ear . CUT to black .