salt by kurt wimmer current revision by Brian helgeland January 16 , 2009 fade in : a woman' hand fold a paper napkin . Nails clipped short , no polish . salt 's voice fold the napkin into quarter ... fold the top in half diagonally . int . salt office - diversified petroleum - day as evelyn salt check she computer screen . she 's on a dinner napkin folding website . out she window : WASHINGTON DC . salt ( read off screen ) fold the right side back , one third of the way down . as she do this , a new angle and she 's unaware that ted winter stop outside she door , watch as she finish the last few fold , then slide a plastic fork , spoon and knife down inside the paper napkin ' pouch 's . very neat . winter be you do this on company time ? salt get a big dinner tonight . I want the table just ... perfect . winter if the taxpayer only know . he step in to take a closer look . Winter be 45 , every inch the tough , but fair executive type . he have a briefcase - bag over he shoulder . on he way out . salt I could have do a crown fold , a lily goblet . hmmm . what do you think ? winter I do not really have a opinion . she poke at it , frown , dissatisfied . salt it 's not very sexy . Winter look to a desk photo of Salt and she man mike duncan . he try to come up with something reassure to say . winter it 's utilitarian . utilitarian be the new sexy . she look over she shoulder at he : huh ? he shrug . winter ( cont 'd ) walk I out . CUT to : int . hallway - diversified petroleum - day Salt and Winter walk . salt you leave for the funeral ? winter 4:55 out of dulle . New York 's go to be a zoo . salt he be a pretty great guy , huh ? winter the last gentleman . Public servant for forty - two year . die in he sleep leave a better , safer world than he find . I have take that epitaph . salt I wish I have know he . he nod , wish she have as well . winter the maelev summit start tomorrow . I need all that report wait at Camp David in the am . maelev arrive at one . salt do you know he make he money as a student sell pink floyd and led Zeppelin bootleg ? winter I be more interested in he position on the Ukraine , the possibility of use force to redraw the map of Eastern Europe , that kind of thing . salt I do not know how you push all this paper , Ted . I have go crazy if I do it full time . laugh , Winter fish out he id as they near ... a security checkpoint winter do not worry , you will be back in the field in a week . thanks for the paper push help by the way . Winter hand he briefcase - bag to the security guard at the metal detector . then he swipe he id . you need to clear security to leave as well as enter . winter ( cont 'd ) have a great dinner , ev. happy anniversary . salt thank you . have a good funeral . ( a beat ) that do not come out right . todd bottom , a young Yale graduate hurry over from the direction they just come . flagging winter down . bottom sir! Sir ! ( Winter look back ) we get a walk - in ! a defector . ten minute ago . Salt gesture to the diversify Petroleum logo on the wall . salt I guess he 's not buy we cover . winter do you get he bona fide ? bottom wo not give ‘em . but he 's Russian . he 's very strange . and ... he look from Winter to Salt , back to Winter bottom ( cont ’d ) he want to talk to Salt . he ask for she by name . Salt and Winter exchange a look . how odd . Winter look at he watch . winter I get twenty minute . CUT to : int . hallway two - diversified petroleum - day a starker , stripped down hallway . concrete floor . bare fluorescent . Salt , Winter and bottom walk briskly along . winter be counterintelligence down here ? bottom peabody be , Sir . as they turn the corner , and Winter react . winter Fucking peabody . they stop across from peabody who stand sentinel - like in the hall outside a door . a CIA counterintelligence officer , he be , technically , a motherfucker . and he 's hear he intro . peabody ( be : door ) we be in here ... and I will take that adverb all day long . he open the door . Winter and bottom enter . Salt pause . salt it 's a adjective actually . in this case . no reaction from he . as she follow the other . CUT to : a russian man - see through a two - way mirror seat at a desk . Hair gray , head down , hand fold in front of he . a cigarette burn between two finger , a carton on the desk . we be in the ... observation room Salt , Winter and bottom . peabody . a security officer and two techies . one monitoring the video equipment , the other on the fmri : a liquid crystal graph of the Russian 's brain - heat signature bloom in its cortex . a lie detector . techie one neural scan be up . Winter look to Salt , nod . she enter : the door on a blind so you can not see in from the interrogation side . interrogation room Salt sit opposite the Russian . his head stay down . russian man female intelligence officer , in my experience , be usually lesbian . salt sorry we be here to talk about you . why do not we start with you name . he look up . a character from a gogol short story . gaunt , older , pale dangerous eye . russian man ( zykov ) my name be oleg vassily Zykov . Salt just stare at he . hard to say what she 's think , but she 's think something . he take drag . observation room bottom type into a computer : O-l-e-g-Z-y-k-o-v. interrogation room he hold up the cigarette . zykov I have cancer . salt I be move . a defector with cancer . be you sell secret for chemo ? be you afraid of die ? observation room peabody like she style . techie two watch the scan . techie two scan say he 's truthful on the cancer . zykov ( speaker ) if I have gain anything by damn myself , it be that I no longer have anything to fear . bottom 's screen come to life with information . include a photo of Zykov maybe 7 or 8 year ago . same guy . bottom oleg Zykov . he show up in 1993 in novosibirsk oblast , siberia . he be on Victor pechyonkin 's staff there . when pechyonkin move to head the fsb 's counter terrorism unit in ' 95 , Zykov go with he . be there ever since . mid-level . a bureaucrat . winter Prior to ' 93 ? bottom nothing . he do not exist . interrogation room Salt and Zykov . salt I have someplace to be , Mr. Zykov . so if you would not mind get to the point . ( all subtitle dialog will appear as < Russian > ) zykov < I come to tell you a story .> salt < I do not like storey . but let 's hear it anyway . and please ...> ( in English ) .-- in English . other be listen . he smile , regards she a beat , then ... zykov 1975 . the cold War . in a gymnasium in grozny ... int . soviet gymnasium - grozny - day a wrestler work hard to position he opponent . his body be a continuous knot of muscle . his head , a brutal stub . it 's only a matter of moment as he lock in a hold . zykov ( v.o. ) a Soviet Olympic wrestler name sascha fyorodovich chenkov meet for the first time ... his eye , by chance , connect with that of anja nurekyova . she 's part of a group be give a tour of the facility . zykov ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... the only female chess grand master of she era , anja nurekyova . and chenkov 's grip on he opponent be replace by the magnetic intensity of he share gaze with nurekyova . abruptly , he opponent break free and suddenly pin he . chenkov barely notice , he eye on hers as she smile . zykov ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they be marry . int . municipal build - grozny - day a simple civil ceremony . zykov ( v.o. ) and one year later ... a child . int . hospital room - grozny - day eight bed all occupy . nurekyova watch from hers as chenkov cradle a newborn child in he callouse hand . he stare at it with depthless wonder . there be no doubt this child , in this hand , will be protect . zykov ( v.o. ) one year more the child be back in the same hospital , sick with fever . int . hospital hallway - grozny - night chenkov hold he wife as she be wrack with sob . tear streak he own face as well . zykov ( v.o. ) they be tell the child be dead . a body be bury . but in fact ... ext . rear entrance - hospital - grozny - night the infant child be carry out by a nurse , hand through the open back door of a idling black volga . zykov the child live . it become the property of mother Russia . Ward of a secret program and its administrator . one of the two male hand that receive the baby flash a heavy ring with a gold STAR on a red enamel background . int . dine room - manor house - night it 's former glory now threadbare . sleet pelt the window . the infant child in a basket on a table . alone. wailing . zykov ( v.o. ) the cold War be at it 's coldest and brezhnev be determine that it be America who would be crush . and 2nd only to he nuclear arsenal , brezhnev 's weapon would be espionage . int . classroom - russia - day young chenkov , 5 , stand by a little desk , head shave on the side in a military cut . seven classmate behind and beyond . uniformity rule ; it 's hard to tell the boy from the girl . zykov ( v.o. ) Young chenkov learn English long before Russian . drill in idiom , idiosyncrasy and ideology . CLASS ( together ) I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America ... we focus in on young chenkov 's voice . chenkov .+- and to the Republic for which it stand : one Nation under God ... CUT to : int . interrogation room - day Salt smile , loose a smoke ring that drift toward Zykov . salt you be kill I , oleg . when do the good fairy show up ? zykov never . it 's a story without hope . as the smoke ring widen , drift past he ... observation room peabody suddenly aware of something . he look to techie one . peabody get on he hand . show I he ring . techie one hit the keyboard , manipulate the image of Zykov on the screen into a close - up of he hand ... a heavy old ring : gold star on a red background . peabody ( cont 'd ) you know what that be ? he 's be award the goddamn hero of the Soviet Union . how be that not in the data-base ? bottom shrug , peabody make he very nervous . zykov ( speaker ) have you ever be in a place from where hope be go ? where all that 's leave be patience ? CUT to : int . another gymnasium - russia - day chenkov , now 7 , in the middle of a tumble run : the end a double somersault . not enough rotation . a hard landing flat on the ass . chenkov sit there , wear out . finally stand . zykov ( v.o . ) Young chenkov be teach persistence . tenacity . another hard tumbling run end with the same result except this time flat on the back , chenkov 's head snap back . chenkov sit there a beat , wear out , try not to cry . then look up as two adult foot step up . the tear be there , but they will not fall . as chenkov stand again ... ext . army barracks — day Soviet speznatz ' fight - train 's , grapple , go over brutal elbow , headbutt and knee . cage fighter with no cage . they stop to watch as six child be march over . 10 - year - old chenkov step up , assume a fighter 's stance . 10 . zykov ( v.o. ) train to fight . the speznatz instructor laugh . chenkov grimly stomp down hard on he foot , kick he full force in the groin . the instructor drop to a knee , gasp . as he man laugh ... zykov ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and to accept the consequence . chenkov resume the stance . the instructor respond with a vicious backhand , send the little body fly . ext . hardscrabble russian ladscape - day the begrime and filthy child march and stumble , carry heavy pack on they shoulder . lean forward , knee scrape and bloody from fall , the exhaustion and enormous strain evident . stagger in a line , chenkov in the lead . chenkov reach a stake in the ground , the top flutter a orange flag . chenkov breathes . the other join one - by-one . chenkov look up as we hear car tire crunch up . the last child to cross be shnaider , eye the palest blue . they blink as a car door slam . zykov ( v.o. ) taught what it mean to be a comrade . they look up as a overcoate adult step into frame before they . a bamboo switch in a hand which bear a familiar ring . voice < who cross first ?> chenkov 's hand go up . voice ( cont ’d ) < who cross last ?> shnaider hand reluctantly raise . the switch motion the two to the side . as they and the man disappear from frame , the rest of the child watch . we hear the switch cracking down . the child begin to recite . child I will not desert my comrade wherever I be station . I will fight both alone and with all to help I . so my motherland will not be diminish , but grow great than before . 11 . int . russian dormitory - night eight little bed in a stark , bereft row . quiet except for the muffled crying of one the child : scnaider , who be in bed seven across from chenkov in bed eight . chenkov watch shnaider cry he pale blue eye out . as he look to chenkov for sympathy ... zykov ( v.o. ) taught to seek the comfort that be only find within . chenkov turn away , would rather stare into the darkness . as shnaider continue to cry ... zykov ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but most of all , chenkov be instill with a unquestion loyalty to the state . int . russian dormitory - morning one after the next , the child step forward to kiss zykov 's ring . chenkov be last . chenkov turn the child 's face from side - to-side , decide something . int . pre - op - russian hospital - day stoic chenkov prepped for surgery - cut line be draw across the face with a marker by a surgeon . zykov ( v.o. ) and finally give a new identity , a face surgically alter to resemble that of a visit american teenager . chenkov be wheeled through a set of door into a soviet operating room . with finality , the door swing shut . zykov ( cont 'd ) Young chenkov then leave Russia . the american teenager do not . return to : int . interrogation room - day where Salt wait for more as Zykov light another butt . salt be you say this chenkov be here in the United States ? 12 . Zykov nod . Salt turn she head , look into the cold reflection of the two - way glass . int . observation room - day winter look to techie two monitoring Zykov 's neural scan . techie two so far the fmri scan register truthful on everything he 's say . int . interrogation room - day Zykov grind he cigarette out in the ashtray . zykov chenkov be designee ka - 8 . salt try again . the ka program be cold War propaganda . a myth . zykov until today . because today be the day chenkov will be task . the long await mission be here . ( grim ; eye on she ) today chenkov will travel to New York City to kill Russian President boris maelev at the funeral of vice President oate . observation room Winter react . bottom read off he computer screen . bottom ka . a cold War program to insert sleeper agent into american society . the program be theorize as active in the 1980' . however , no evidence of its existence have ever be find . interrogation room Salt look at he . her eye dip darkly . salt a Russian agent be go to kill the Russian president ? be that it ? Zykov nod solemnly . 13. salt ( cont 'd ) and now what do you want in return , Mr. Zykov ? money ? chemotherapy ? Health care 's pretty shitty back home , huh ? zykov I simply wish to help you do what you need to do . ( a beat ) do not you want the name ? the alias that this chenkov life under ? Salt smile , begin softly clap . salt you be very good . and I have see the best . ka - 8 . brilliant bullshit . ( check she watch ) but I be off duty . you can tell the rest of it to one of my colleague . Salt stand , head for the door . zykov Salt . Salt stop and turn . salt what ? zykov the name . the name of the Soviet agent be Salt . Evelyn Salt . time stand still . and then ... salt my name be Evelyn Salt . zykov then you , my dear , be a Russian spy . observation room you could hear a pin drop . tech two check the neural scan . neural tech --. truthful ... the door open . Salt enter the room 's stunne vacuum . but she do not notice because , take she cellphone from she pocket , she 's already out the next door . 14 . peabody whoa ! where be you go ?! and he 's right on she heel . hallway two Salt on she way down the hall , punch in a number . peabody catch up , grab she shoulder from behind . she spin , stop , angrily bat he off with she ear to the phone . from the phone you can hear a answering machine pick up ... man' voice Mike 's not here . leave a message . at the beep , Salt urgent , suddenly sound scared . salt Mike , it 's I . call I when you get this . please , right away . ( click off ) shit . Winter here now as well . winter what be you do , ev ? salt when they blow up a spy , they do not just blow they cover - they blow up they whole cover life . so they can not go back . ( a beat as the stare ) Ted , if they have mistaken I for they long lose spy , then they have mistaken Mike for they spy 's husband . he could be in danger . her eye desperate . peabody if . that 's a big word . Salt aware of he again . salt get the fuck away from I . she move to go . he block she . 15 . peabody where be you go , Salt ? when Salt speak now , she voice crack ... salt Home . ( to Winter ) you know what this be about . I compromise they agent in South Korea and now they be repaying the favor . ( urgent ) Ted , you know I . voice chenkov . they all look to see : Zykov - with bottom and the security officer - just out the door of the observation room . zykov godspeed , comrade . and then they be lead he the other way down the hall . winter someone interrogate that piece of shit ! someone who enjoy get answer ! he turn he hard gaze back to Salt . she look sick . salt I swear to you I be not who he say I be . I be not a spy . clearly affect , Winter look to peabody . peabody procedure on this be very clear . tremble , Salt finally just nod . the tension in she body turn to resignation . two more security officer come from the direction Zykov be take . as peabody look to they ever so briefly -- -- whump ! Salt chop he neck with the heel of she hand , then kick he leg out from under he . as she sprint down the hall -- the security officer charge after she . move with they , draw they 9 mm sidearm as they go . 16 . she motor hard ahead , disappear around a corner . as they follow ... corner - hallway three she 's crouch low , just a foot inside . as the first security officer barrel around , Salt blow he up like a linebacker on a goal line stand . his gun clatter . as the second swing he aim around , Salt catch he arm , twist it and he around . she relieve he of he 'mm , then send he headfirst into the wall . CUT to : int . elevator - day the door open . Salt step off . the alarm start to sound . klaxon go off . the hall fill with people head for the exit . Salt slip into the flow . CUT to : int . hallway four - day bottom and the security officer reacting to the alarm . Zykov smile -- -- clipping the inside of he right shoe against he leave . spring a 4 - inch steel blade out the toe of the right . he arc a kick hard into the security officer 's thigh . the security officer drop to he knee . Zykov sidestep bottom even as he unspool a steel line from he wristwatch , wrap it viciously around bottom 's throat . as the security officer reach for he gun -- Zykov 's right foot arc up and the blade slice through the officer 's throat . and Zykov still hang onto bottom . a red line circumscribe the young man 's neck as the wire disappear inside . a beat before the blood flood out . Zykov release he , scoot back to keep from be soile . 17 . as bottom hit the floor , Zykov take the security officer 's 9 mm and id and calmly disappear around the corner leave two corpse in he wake . not bad for a old man ... CUT to : int . build entrance - day employees evacuate . swipe they id card as security team scan face . Salt 's face up on the screen . they eye look only for she . salt stop short well back from the security check . can not go that way . as she start back against the flow . CUT to : int . stairwell - day a handful of employees on they way down . alarm shrill as Salt take the stair up four at a time . CUT to : int . corridor one - day Salt bang through the stairwell door into a abandon corridor . as the light flick off , replace by flash emergency red , a ominous hard click behind she . she try the stairwell door . it have remotely lock . CUT to : int . security hub surveillance feed be be cycle and scan by the technician . a image of Salt prowling the corridor . Winter and peabody enter . peabody recover . security tech get she ! third floor . peabody isolate and seal . CUT to : 18 . int . corridor one - day Salt reacting as reinforced steel door clang shut at the end of the corridor . CUT to : int . security hub Winter and peabody watch as salt head the other direction . winter what about the other exit ? security tech everything 's lock down except for the main entrance . CUT to : int . build entrance - day Zykov slide he steal id through the scanner , exit with the other employee . Security look only for Salt . CUT to : int . corridor two - day salt skid into another corridor - steel door at the far end slam into place . she make instantly for the elevator . CUT to : int . surveillance hub - day peabody , watch on the monitor , react instantly . peabody kill the power to the elevator door ! CUT to : int . corridor two - day Salt swipe she code - card at the elevator . nothing . she look up at the close - circuit camera . know she 's trap . CUT to : int . surveillance hub - day Winter look to the tech . 19 . winter what about the window ? security tech blast-proof and therefore seal . peabody Gas she . Winter look to peabody , startle . the tech hesitates . peabody ( cont 'd ) I say gas she . and get a tactical team on the south stairwell . as peabody charge out ... CUT to : int . corridor two - day Salt be run back . search for some way out . thick yellow gas start drift out the ventilation duct . stop short , she take a huge gulp of breath , hold it . CUT to : int . security hub - day Winter raise he watch . winter how long till she go down ? security tech depend on how long she can hold she breath . ninety second maybe . click . Winter activate he watch timer . CUT to : int . third floor office - day breath hold , Salt enter the office carry a co2 FIRE extinguisher . she set it down , pick up the fancy swivel chair and , flipping it , slam it down on top of the desk . she set she fingernails , tear open the housing . a control fury as she yank out the chair 's gas piston . CUT to : 20 . int . south stairwell - day a tool -up tactical team take position outside the 3rd floor door . wearing gas mask , they h&k g36c 's sling and ready to rip . peabody make a hole . they clear as peabody come up to the door . assault rifle in hand and gas mask on top of he head . peabody ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) knock knock . a beat and the sound of a bolt slide back . peabody lower he mask , nod . lead with the h&K , the team make entry . CUT to : ext . copy / utility room - day eye tear from the gas , Salt rifle cabinet , find a first aid kit , and from under a sink , ammonia . she grab a heavy handful of paper towel from the dispenser and ... CUT to : int . surveillance hub - day on the monitor : Salt enter a hall carry she supplies , disappear into the office . Winter check he timer : 1:12...1:13 . CUT to : int . corridor one - day the air thick with gas . Silent as ghost , peabody lead the tactical team down the hall . over they headsets : radio voice she 's in the office by the elevator . CUT to : int . third floor office - day several paper towel be stain brown with the iodine Salt have pour into they . she now add the ammonia . as white noxious fume begin to rise ... 21 . she flip over a metal side table , yank one of the leg back and forth until it tear free . pop off the leveler ... she roll the fume towel , and insert they into the table leg . follow by the gas piston and more towel for wadding . she then attaches the co2 extinguisher to the end , pressure fitting the horn into the leg . CUT to : ext . corridor two - day peabody and team by the elevator , eyeing the office ahead . Hand signal as they flank each other , rifle ready . and Salt step out , the rig up on she shoulder . she pull the extinguisher 's actuator handle and ... whoosh ! tactical team member diving out of the way as -- -- the homemade missile fire past they and strike the elevator door . boom ! blow they open . peabody and the tactical team knock off they foot by the shock wave . they be up quick , but not before ... salt dash into the elevator , punch open the utility hatch . a barrage of bullet follow , but she foot disappear up and through . peabody fourth floor ! fourth floor ! as they charge for the stair ... CUT to : int . elevator shaft - day a fifteen inch gap between elevator and shaft . as Salt shimmy / squeeze down ... she 's head down not up . CUT to : int . surveillance hub - day as they cycle through all the camera try to find she . security tech there . on screen : Salt sprinting down a hallway 22 . security tech ( cont ’d ) that 's the first floor . CUT to : int . first floor hallway - day she disappear into a office . it take Winter a moment to realize , but he realize . winter that 's my office . as he rush out and the tech report it on the radio ... CUT to : int . winter 's office - day Winter hurry in . nearly fall as he foot slide over the shell casing all over the floor . his window have be shot out . reaching it , he look out : winter 's Pov across the street , make the far corner . Salt turn . look directly back up at he . people crossing the intersection suddenly obscure she . as they pass on , Salt be go . CUT to : int . subway tunnel - day clogge with commuter . a businessman in a suit , a jacket over he arm , talk on he mobile as he walk toward the exit . he 's bump , jostle -- -- look about futilely as he realize he jacket be go . CUT to : int . subway station - day as the train come in , door open . pull on the jacket , Salt haul ass down the step , hop on . she anxiously watch the platform . finally , mercifully , the door close . the metro start away . she sit heavily in a seat , take out she cellphone . she look at it a beat , decide , then dial . it ring and ... 23 . man' voice Mike 's not here . leave a message . at the beep Salt rip the back cover off , yank out the battery , then the SIM card which she snap in half . several passengers be look at she . Salt flash she eye at they , dare they to keep look . none of they do . the light of the tunnel strobe by . nothing for Salt to do , but try not to cry and remember ... CUT to : jungle - somewhere - day ( flashback ) Salt step into frame . dense fern rise behind she . she walk in wonder , look up as several wildly colorful butterfly flutter overhead . where be we ? and then ... man' voice do you come here often ? she look back at mike duncan . unkempt hair , beard , a bit handsome , eye that do not miss much . salt be you talk to I ? he nod . in the jungle . what a odd place to meet . mike I have see you here before . only then do we reverse to show we be in ... the butterfly pavilion - smithsonian natural history museum a ' aviary 's within the museum . the mesh confine be home to many live butterfly . Salt look about , back to he . salt I come here a lot . what 's you excuse ? mike I work upstairs . I be a arachnologist . salt a what ? mike a spider hunter . 24 . she look at hima beat . he smile . a boyish , charming smile . she can not help but smile back . salt you look like one . CUT to : a spider ( flashback ) on its web in a terrarium . Salt look closely at it . it 's a species of ray spider . we be in the entomology department . mike 40000 species of spider in the world . that one 's mine . salt you discover it ? mike in the amazon basin on the Peru border . I name it theridiosoma petebesti ... get it ? salt no. should I ? mike pete-best - i . I name he after Pete best . the drummer before ringo . she frown , shake she head . still do not get it . mike ( cont ’d ) best be never a famous Beatle , but now he 's a famous spider . salt I think if I discover a new species , I have give it a better name . but that 's just I . a entomologist ( woodhall ) ramble by look concerned . woodhall have anyone see my glass ? salt they be on you head . he reach up to the top of he head . his glass be there . 25 . woodhall thank you . as he head back the way he come ... mike that 's woodhall . he 's raise a bedbug colony in he office . use he own blood . she nod as though this be quite a normal thing to do . salt well , thank you for the tour -- mike hold on . you still gotta tell I . why do you come to the museum so much ? she look at he a beat , decide to confess . salt because I can get away from myself here . mike be alone in a crowd do that sometimes . weird , huh ? weird . two kindre spirit have meet . as they realize it ... CUT to : ext . U STREET metro station - late afternoon Salt emerge . the jacket 's collar pull up , she hang at the station entrance , look across at ... the ellington apartment Seven storey . Home . stepping off the curb , Salt start across the street . a few quick step and she disappear inside . CUT to : int . third floor hallway - the ellington - late afternoon the elevator door open . Salt hit the stop button , hold it there . as she head down the hall ... 26 . door - 317 the hallway empty except for Salt who draw the 9 mm she take . she turn she key in the lock and slide inside . CUT to : int . front entry - salt 's apartment - late afternoon quiet . still . lead with the gun , Salt start across the live room , suddenly wheel at a sound . it 's a little mongrel dog . salt ( softly ) burt ... gun ready , she crouch to give he the scratch he want . salt ( cont 'd ) where 's daddy ? CUT to ext . the ellington apartment - day two black van pull up . Doors slide back and the ten strong CIA tactical team roll out . peabody lead and Winter bring up the rear . CUT to : int . lobby - the ellington - day one elevator on 3 , the other on 7 . leave two man in the lobby , peabody and the rest head for the stair . CUT to : int . kitchen - salt 's apartment - day Salt pass through . ' burt 's on she heel . a single plate on the table . a half - eat sandwich . a half glass of beer . CUT to : int . bedroom - salt 's apartment - day a photo on a dresser . Mike and she . in a real jungle somewhere . Mike hold a spider up on the back of he hand . Salt enter , pull open the big drawer at the bottom of the dresser . she sweep away the fold underwear to reveal : 27 . a medium black duffle bag . as she yank it out ... CUT to : int . door to 317 - hallway - day the tactical team on either side of the door . peabody crouch low , pick the lock . we hear the bolt slide back . peabody turn the knob . pushes . the door give slightly and then hold firmly . peabody look to the man with the steel ram . CUT to : int . front entry - salt 's apartment - day Old school : a chair have be tilt , set up under the doorknob . the door be suddenly hammer once -- the frame splintering . twice -- it come off its hinge and -- m84 stun grenade be toss in . booom ! flash and bang . the light blind . bedroom door Salt ducking back at the implosion . live room the tactical team invade , move to sweep the place . kitchen empty . bathroom empty . bedroom another m84 toss in . booom ! the window crack . the team enter . she 's not here . as peabody stand there ... tactical # 1 ( toward door ) all clear ! one come out ! as tactical # 1 exit , Winter enter . peabody there 's nobody home . 28 . winter have it occur to you that maybe that Russian be lie ? peabody the neural scan be -- winter to hell with the neural scan ! maybe he find a way to beat it . maybe Salt be Salt . peabody that 's not my problem . winter then what be ? peabody catch she so we can find out . ( to tactical # 2 ) get a team up here . tear this place apart . CUT to : ext . 4 th floor - ellington apartment - day salt. free climbing up the side of the building . find foot and toe hold in miniscule seam . the black duffle bag sling over she shoulder . ' burt 's stick he head up through the top of she zipped jacket . up to the 7th floor . she pull herself onto a terrace . she 's up and over a privacy wall in a instant , land on ... another terrace she look through the glass : a 10 - year - old girl be do she homework at a table . Salt knock on the glass . the girl look over , recognize she . Salt wave she over . the girl open the slider . salt hi , janey . girl how do you get up here ? 29 . salt I climb . do not tell anyone . ( scan through glass ) be you mom home ? girl not yet . salt can you do I a favor ? can you baby sit burt for I ? the girl nod . Salt hand over the dog . the girl be thrilled , obviously know he . Salt hand she a few $ 20 . salt ( cont 'd ) he like pedigree choice cut . before the girl can answer , Salt be go , vaulting over the next wall onto the next terrace . CUT to : int . live room - salt 's apartment - night ( flashback ) Salt on the couch . wrapped in a blanket . laying on she side . she look abject . desolate . a knock on the door which be still on its hinge . Salt ignore it . another knock . finally she get up , step over , look through the peephole : see Mike 's profile out there . salt ( wear out ) why be you here , Mike ? mike 's voice I be think about what you say . she rest the top of she head on the door , sigh . mike 's voice ( cont ’d ) about how hard it be for you to get close to people . another beat , then ... salt we have be over this . just go away . 30 . mike 's voice okay . i’1l leave . but open the door for one second . please . Salt open the door about six inch . Mike look in on she . not try to be cute or charming . just look at she . mike I think you need something to practice on . salt how about a spider ? we have about the same capacity for human feel . mike I be think maybe burt . salt burt ? Mike take he hand from behind he back . he hold the puppy version of ' burt 's . she give it and Mike about as stony a look as she can . then she hold out she hand . he hand ' burt 's through the door . as she take he ... salt ( cont 'd ) I 'il work on it . on mike the door shut in he face . he stand there a moment , then start down the hall . he 's almost go when she door open back up . he turn as Salt look out . salt ( cont 'd ) he peed on the floor . mike ( shrug ) life be messy . her eye well up with tear . he walk back , look at she . mike ( cont ’d ) see ? spider can not cry . salt I be not cry . 31 . mike spider can not almost cry either . there 's more puppy in you than spider . salt clean the pee . okay ? mike okay . as he enter ahead of she ... CUT to : int . smithsonian museum of natural history - late afternoon the entrance foyer . most people be leave as Salt enter . a desk docent look over . desk docent ma‘am , we close in ten minute . salt I ' 1ll just be five . as Salt continue , the desk docent suddenly frown , then look down at she keyboard , the little print - out photo stick there : of Salt . next to one of Mike . as the desk docent nervously reach for the phone ... CUT to : int . entomology department - smithsonian - late afternoon not a public part of the museum . Salt enter . ona mission . as she stride , she stop short , look in on ... woodhall ( the guy look for he glass earlier ) . he have he arm thrust down in he bedbug tank . Salt suddenly look completely at ease ... salt hey , woodhall . as he squint , see it 's she . woodhall hiya , Evelyn . salt be Mike still here ? 32 . woodhall he leave a couple hour ago . salt think so . be the stripping room open ? he leave something in there . woodhall it should be . we be work it overtime for the mammalogist . and she 's go . woodhall blink after she a beat . woodhall ( cont 'd ) happy anniversary ! CUT to : int . stripping room - smithsonian - late afternoon Dark , creepy . Salt enter a long , low room line with large dimension plexiglas vat . the first contain a nearly stripped skeleton of a adult grizzly bear . the next and the one after that : strange dark amorphous shape . Salt pause at the second . it seem to be move . it take a second to realize . the shape be form by thousand of insect . beetle . CUT to : ext . smithsonian - late afternoon the street in front of the museum fill with federal car skid up , spilling agent . two familiar black van . as peabody hop out , meeting agent from the other van ... peabody her husband work here . entomology . and they be jam inside . CUT to : int . bone -stripping room - late afternoon without a flinch , Salt pull out a beetle . as it writhes between she finger , she snap it in half . watch closely as a bead of clear fluid well up from the head . CUT to : 33 . int . woodhall 's office - late afternoon as woodhall step out of he office , turn right -- freezes at the assault rifle point at he forehead . entomology department peabody aim the rifle . the hallway behind he fill with heavily armed man . peabody ( whisper ) Salt ... woodhall gesture over he shoulder with a tremble thumb . woodhall the stripping room ... CUT to : int . stripping room - late afternoon Salt start for the door , see the approaching shadow through the frost glass . hallway the team approach the door . peabody set he palm on it . as it swing open ... stripping room a lone beetle look up through the grizzly 's eye socket as the team glide in . alert . on edge . peabody hit the fluorescent as they enter , fan out . the light flicker to life , fully revealing the plexiglas vat . the beetle . but no Salt . the window at the end of the room be open . peabody hurry over . angle on window - outside peabody stick he head out , look down at the lawn three storey down . no Salt in sight . realizing something , peabody twist around , look up . nothing above he either . the roofline only a story above however . peabody duck back in . 34 . stripping room peabody to he boy : peabody get up on the roof and out to the sculpture garden ! go ! as they charge out leave peabody look at woodhall who 's at the door . peabody ( cont 'd ) what the hell be this thing ? woodhall dermest vulpinus . flesh -eate beetle . they strip the bone on the vertebrate . for the mammalogist . disgust , peabody head out . woodhall switch off the light , follow after he . the door close . a beat and then , a horrible black figure leap from one of the vat ! beetle shed in every direction as ... salt shake they off , spit they out . uncover herself . as she jump to the ground and they crunch underfoot ... CUT to : ext . madison drive - near the smithsonian - late afternoon Salt walk past the american History Museum , stop to pull she black duffle bag out of the bush where she stashed it . CUT to : int . dark sedan - madison drive - late afternoon headed toward the smithsonian . Winter in the backseat . he sit up as they pass Salt go the other way . the security officer beside he see she as well . security officer shit , that 's she . CUT to : 35 . ext . madison drive - late afternoon Salt reacting as tire screech to a halt behind she . without look back , she start to run . CUT to : ext . sculpture garden - by the smithsonian - late afternoon peabody 's headset squawk to life . headset voice she 's leave madison head north of the History Museum . as peabody about face , go into motion ... CUT to : ext . build - late afternoon salt dash out into a street . the dark sedan power - slide around the corner , grab traction , take off after she . suddenly , another federal car ahead , haul ass toward she . Salt sprint hard at it , then dart down a ... alley running hard , the duffle bag sling over she shoulder . the federal car turn in behind she , follow by the dark sedan . Salt keep motor , but then ... a second federal car barrel down the alley straight at she . Salt run . two car chase and one come right at she . she draw the 'mm , aim straight ahead as she run . fire two round into the engine block of the car come at she , another into the leave front tire . as the car slow with a shudder , she high -step onto the hood , then the roof and finally off the trunk . as she continue down the alley ... the two federal car skid to stop face each other . steam billow from under car two 's hood . as the dark sedan reverse back down the alley ... CUT to : 36 . ext . STREET - late afternoon Salt punch back into the open on the other side of the alley , sprint for all she 's worth ... toward a adjacent highway overpass . but peabody and the two tactical team member move to intersect she on foot . peabody key he radio . peabody she 's go to cross over the highway ! and they race ... Salt in the lead . her pursuer run side by side by side . they be close . peabody ( cont 'd ) stop ! as he draw he sidearm ... one of the black van slide to a stop on the other side of the overpass . she 's trap . Salt stop in the middle of the bridge , nowhere to go . as peabody slow to a walk , take deadly aim . the two tactical team member level they assault rifle . peabody ( cont 'd ) Drop it ! a beat , salt drop the 9 mm to the pavement . highway traffic speed beneath . they speak over the roar . peabody ( cont 'd ) ( close ) on the ground . face down . she just stand there . peabody stop . peabody ( cont ’d ) you want to live ? down ! salt I be innocent . peabody then why have you run ? 37 . salt because if they target I , then my husband might be catch in it , too . just let I find he , that 's all . peabody not my problem , Salt . country , duty , and the great fuck good . they all exceed personal consideration . salt you believe that Russian asshole ? you should be talk to he , not I . peabody I can not talk to he . he kill bottom and Davis . he get away . salt why would he expose I and then run ? what 's the point ?! think ! he cock back the hammer . peabody last chance , Salt . I be only go -- he 's in mid-speak when -- she suddenly throw herself backwards , roll over the railing and drop away . bang ! he fire at the exact same time ! salt somersault , she foot hit the top of a pass 18 wheeler speed past below ... she tumble backwards , finally come to a sprawle stop just before pitching off the back of the big rig . overpass peabody step up to the railing , see ... Salt . she spot he . as both realize ... the truck she be on be carry she directly back to he . she whirl , eye find ... a plumber' BOX van head towards she . the next interchange down . 38 . peabody fire ; bullet blast hole in the metal at she foot . she run ! leap ! soar into space before ... landing on the roof of the ... plumber 's BOX van driving beside the 18 wheeler . it 's a lower profile vehicle . peabody & the tactical team lose they shot , hold fire . as they watch she go , peabody 's back on the radio . peabody ( cont 'd ) she 's on the highway eastbound . on the roof of a white box van . salt take one moment to catch she breath . CUT to : ext . roof - plumber 's BOX van - late afternoon Salt reacting as traffic suddenly slow . a blockade a 1 / 4 of a mile ahead . the speed quickly down to 10 mph . Salt jump down to the hood of the box van . the driver react as she time she next jump and land on the back of ... a passing motorcycle the guy on it split lane . Salt have to reach around he , take the handlebar to keep they from wiping out . as they come to a sideways skid stop , she use momentum to send he off the bike . revving it now , riding a wheelie back the other way , she traverse the median , jump the ditch and land head the other direction on the highway . CUT to : ext . overpass - late afternoon they react to Salt come back at they . take aim , except ... salt cross three lane , hit a exit ramp instead . 39 . overpass they watch she spiral away , disappear down the ramp . go . peabody five minute on that thing and she could be anywhere . peabody turn to one of he guy . peabody ( cont 'd ) notify the secret service on maelev 's detail that Salt may be come at they . Winter reacting , look over . winter what be you talk about ? peabody Zykov say she be task to New York to kill the Russian president . maelev have a right to know the threat . winter Jesus , get you head out of you ass ! peabody turn toward he . peabody oh , be that where it be ? winter ( step forward ) it make zero sense ! the Russians have activate a Russian sleeper agent ? to kill they own president ? come on ! think . peabody consider he a long , cold beat before ... peabody and where 's you head ? huh ? you get a thing for she ? be that it ? they be nearly toe- to - toe now . winter fuck you . peabody I think I hit a nerve . 40 . winter you fuck CI guy -- it 's about to lead to blow , when they man separate they . Winter master himself . peabody as well . finally ... winter ( cont 'd ) goddamn it ... peabody you be she friend . where would she go now ? from here ? winter ( shrug , concede ... ) New York 's as good a guess as any . CUT to : ext . bar - WASHINGTON , DC - twilight a dozen motorcycle park out front . Salt rumble up , park hers in the middle of they all . hiding it there . killing the engine , she jump off , hurry down the street and away . whump ! a man come around the corner bump she . Salt instantly assume a fighter 's stance . the man raise he hand in mock surrender , smile . man I be a lover , not a fighter as she continue past he and away . CUT to : int . NORTH korean interrogation room - ( flashback ) Salt securely bound to a wooden chair . wrist , ankle , elbow , knee and waist . lip split , both eye black , bloody and beat . nearly beyond reason . alone in a concrete cell . rusty pipe overhead . a place from which hope be long go . she look up as the door open . her NORTH korean interlocutor enter follow by he muscle - bound enforcer . salt ( voice break ) I tell you . I be a businesswoman . I be not a spy . her inquisitor grab a stool , sit across from she . 41 . NK interlocutor try again . salt I work for diversify Petroleum . call they and -- whump . muscle-bound deliver a short , heavy shot into she rib . Salt gasp for air . her interlocutor wait a patient beat , then lift she chin . NK interlocutor try again . she consider he , answer by rote at this point . salt you have three continental shelf . seohan Bay , donghan Bay and gilju near pyongy . all be think to have oil field beneath they ... muscle-bound move in . the interlocutor wave he off , look overhead instead . Salt can only watch and wait as muscle - bound grab a knotted nylon rope , throw a looped end up over one of the rusty pipe . the little loop swing right in front of she face . NK interlocutor you be here to sabotage we nuclear ambition , yes ? muscle-bound slip it over she head . salt I be a businesswoman . I come to North Korea to -- muscle-bound pull the rope taut . then slowly haul down , fist over the knot . the interlocutor stand as Salt slowly come up off the floor , chair and all . the idea be not to kill , but to choke . Salt 's face go red . her eye bulge . the korean just watch . the chair about three foot off the ground . as she right hand spasm open and shut , the interlocutor look to muscle - bound who slowly set she back down . 42. the interlocutor hook a finger into the rope around she throat , pull it loose . Salt gasp for breath . they wait a few second , until ... NK interlocutor we know what you be . you be go to die . it can be today , or after a week of this , or a month . it 's up to you .... so , try again . and even though Salt 's pretty sure she 's go to die here ... salt the tuff layer and geological feature of seohan Bay be almost identical to that of bohai Bay . the chinese estimate there be 20.5 billion ton of oil -- muscle-bound pull , raise she up . four foot off the ground , the chair swinging slightly back and forth as Salt choke . the interlocutor grab the frame of the chair , start to pull down on it . NK interlocutor it will be today . but now he 's close enough . her right hand catch , grab she interlocutor 's face . dig in talon-like . before muscle - bound can react to what 's happen , the damage be severe . the interlocutor howl . the chair slam to the ground . Salt end up on she side . blood seep between the interlocutor 's finger . as he lower he hand , he leave eye be go . Salt grin before muscle - bound viciously kick she . CUT to : int . exchange point - korean border station - day ( flashback ) Winter watch a steel mesh cover door . wait behind he , he prisoner : a korean man in a suit and tie . winter two day home in North Korea and you will be begging to go back to a US prison cell . the Korean man ignore he , do not deign to answer . suddenly the lock on the door buzy open . Salt limp out . eye still black , lip still split , throat lurid with bruise . 43 . she 's surprised to see Winter . he take she arm . winter ( cont 'd ) put you head down ; do not say anything until we be on the outside . he look at Salt 's NK interlocutor who stand behind she . winter ( cont 'd ) in case Kim jong - il change he mind . the interlocutor bow to the Korean man , then shake he hand , the prisoner exchange complete . CUT to : ext . korean border station - day ( flashback ) pass outside , a protective Winter stick close to Salt as they head toward a waiting car . she 's completely drain , but still wonder ... salt I do not understand . winter you do not understand what ? salt all the rule say you should have leave I here . one life , against a lot of other . why have you blow operational cover to get I out ? winter I do not . he point towards the car - where just emerge from the back door be mike . as she react ... winter ( cont 'd ) once he find out where you be , he move heaven and earth to get you out . we have to do something or he be go to invade this goddam rice - paddy republic himself . Salt blink , astonished . CUT to : 44 , int . car - korean demilitarized zone - day ( flashback ) Mike and Salt both in the backseat , but about as far apart as two people can be . she stare out the window . he look at she , the bruise . not a easy sight for a lover to understand much less accept . finally , he look away as well . mike when I start to think I might never see you again ... Mike stop , just shake he head at the think . mike ( cont ’d ) I think of all the thing I have never know . like why you cry sometimes in you sleep . or why you do not seem to make as much money as someone in the oil business should . ( a beat ) or if we ever have a daughter , would she look like you ? she well up at that , but do not cry and do not look over . salt would you want she to ? mike of course . maybe not today ... she half laugh / half cry at that one . a beat and finally , she reach out . her hand stretch blindly . he take it . mike ( cont ’d ) I love you , Salt . you make a scientist believe in magic . ( a beat ) and I would accept anything about you . if I only know . so maybe you could start by tell I what you really do for a live . she look over at he . truly beat to shit . salt I work for the CIA . and it 's Mike who cry . because she 's look at he . mike that 's perfect . it mean we be both government employee . 45 . he have somehow succeed in get she to smile ... CUT to : ext . greyhound bus - night the bus head toward the lincoln tunnel from the New Jersey side . Salt stare out the window . and as we let the bus go and crane up to the night skyline of manhattan ... CUT to : int . room 4485 - DC superior courthouse - day ( flashback ) Municipal . cheap drop ceiling and fluorescent light . Office Depot chair . but a outrageous lavender curtain frame the window and a cheap plastic garden trellis cover with plastic flower in front of a podium . Salt and Winter wait here . cool they heel . wait for something . the room pregnant with unspoken word . finally : winter that 's a nice touch . he gesture to the entrance door . it be cover with wrapping paper and have a big white bow in the center of it . salt what if I be no good at it ? winter at what ? salt at live with someone . at be with someone this closely ? winter no problem . you can get divorced down on the first floor . she look at he : be serious . winter ( cont 'd ) you be ask the wrong person , ev. I be like a priest , marry to the church of my job . it 's the only way I can do it . get very anxious , she start to look around . Winter watch she , smile . 46 . winter ( cont 'd ) stop it . salt stop what ? winter look for the back way out of here . busted ... as they consider each other . winter ( cont 'd ) you want to know what I think ? I think Mike Duncan be the luckiest sonuvabitch who ever live . salt you do ? Winter consider she , nod . Salt step over , ' pluck 's a plastic flower from the trellis , stick it in Winter 's lapel . salt ( cont 'd ) thanks , Ted . he lift it to smell it . shake he head . nothing there . suddenly the justice of the peace enter . justice of the peace alright , be you my next victim ? Winter point at Salt . winter she be . I be here to witness . just then , out of breath , Mike hurry in with woodhall in tow . he stop short at the sight of Salt . as the two of they consider each other , Winter slightly wistful before ... winter ( cont 'd ) ( to justice ) all victim account for . CUT to : ext . port authority bus terminal - night Black duffle bag over she shoulder , baseball cap pull low , clothes change , Salt walk away from the Port Authority towards the modell 's sporting good on 42nd . CUT to : 47. int . modell 's - night a pair of soccer shin guard go in a basket . hockey elbow pad follow . wrist wrap fighting glove . Salt be shopping . a handsome creep watch she as she consider a mouth guard . she do not look over , but know he 's there . salt do you work here or something ? handsome creep ( grin ) no ... she drop a black mouthguard in she basket , head for the checkout . he watch she ass as she go . CUT to : ext . modell 's - night handsome creep step out , just catch a glimpse of Salt as she disappear around the corner . he follow . as he turn the corner , she 's there . she grab he wrist , bend he arm behind he back and face he into the brick of a building . it take she a instant . and it hurt . salt why be you follow I ? handsome creep I be not . she bend he thumb over . now he 's in serious pain . handsome creep ( cont ’d ) I be just check you out ! she pull out he wallet , flip it open . salt you do check ? handsome creep uh huh . she shove the wallet back in he pocket . salt then go home . 48 . she slam he face into the brick , then release he . handsome creep blood stream from he break nose , he eye full of tear . handsome creep oh shit ... as he turn , look around ... Salt be go . CUT to : int . front desk - 5 th avenue HOTEL - night - present the deskman take the credit card Salt slide across . as he scan he computer screen ... front deskman yes . here you be , miss Schmidt . one night , a deluxe room . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - night - present Salt set she black duffle bag on the bed . stepping to the window , she pull back the curtain . rockefeller Center and the city sparkle beyond . but Salt look down , find : ST . patrick cathedral . solitary in its gothicness . as she consider it ... CUT to : ext . langley - day ( flashback ) a american flag flap in the breeze as Winter read from the Federal employee oath of Office . winter I solemnly do swear that I will support and defend the constitution of the United States against all enemy , foreign and domestic . while Salt , smart in a suit , stand on the langley lawn with six other young operative candidate . right hand all raise , they repeat the word . 49 . salt I solemnly do swear that I will support and defend the constitution of the United States against all enemy , foreign and domestic . Salt look at the flag , a huge moment for she . winter and that I will faithfully discharge the duty of the office on which I be about to enter . so help I God . salt and that I will faithfully discharge the duty of the office on which I be about to enter . so help I God . Salt proud , move ... CUT to : int . HOTEL room - dawn as we glide across the black duffle bag open and unpack on the bed : gun , disposable syringe , medicine , suture and suture needle , pack of gauze , c4 , blast cap , cell phone , a ziploc bag with a dozen beetle in it , passport from different country include several US , band stack of euros , $ 100 bill . everything a girl need for the road . and as we continue past and enter ... the bathroom the tap run . Salt just finish run black dye through she hair . she look in the mirror . consider herself . a different girl than the one who take the oath . as she start on she eyebrow ... CUT to : int . HOTEL room - dawn a rip sound as duct tape come off a roll . Salt ina pair of boxer and a T-shirt , taping the shin guard to she leg , pull on the elbow pad . loose fitting pants be pull on , boot lace . finally , a kevlar vest and a heavy sweater down over it all . the room be suddenly streak by early morning light as the sun rise over the building across the street . 50 . Salt step over to the desk , retrieve three page download from the internet : schemas of subterranean utility - way . 1 . manhattan subway access . 2 . manhattan utility schema . 3 . ST. patrick cathedral crypt and catacomb dispersal . she place they over each other and hold they up to the sun . the light make all three schemas visible at once . St. Patrick 's on top . with a pen , Salt poke a hole through the altar of St. Patrick 's Cathedral . as she look where that line up on the other two map ... CUT to : ext . ST . patrick 's cathedral - manhattan - morning a horse -drawn catafalque carry a flag - cover coffin . above there be helicopter in the air . secret service sniper stand on rockefeller Center rooftop . smartly uniform police at attention as family step froma limousine past the glare of camera atop a PRESS scaffold . BBC newscaster ... the funeral of vice President oate , a former five term US Senator and cold warrior , whose great legacy may be as architect of the new era of russo-american relation ... and we pick up peabody , scan the face in the crowd . unaware as a block north ... salt move through and away from the crowd . CUT to : ext . 68 th STREET subway station - day as Salt descend , a satchel bag over she shoulder . CUT to : 51. int . downtown platform - 68th STREET subway station - day Salt wait for the train . a voice on the p.a. speaker . p.a. voice because of the funeral , the 51st and 59th street station be close . repeat due to the funeral -- Salt do not even look at the two nypd cop at the end of the platform by the tunnel mouth . in they heavy gear with assault rifle . guarding the tunnel . as the train slow into the station ... CUT to : ext / int . ST . patrick 's cathedral - day Winter in line to enter among other vip . id check and recheck , the metal detector ominous and sleek . as he enter he see the secret service supervisor in charge . he step over , be recognize . winter what 's the security perimeter ? security coordinator we be three deep inside and out . ( dry ) and that 's secret service - not CIA - so relax . Winter bristle at the dig . CUT to : int . ' 6 's train - subway tunnel ( rolling ) - day Salt aboard . down at one end of the car . p.a. voice ... the 51st and 59th street station be close ... through the window , we see the train be pass through the 59th STREET station . it 's empty . the train do not stop . Salt open the door to pass into the next car . 52 . between car close the door behind she . she take out a knife , cut through the coupling housing . subway tunnel it widen where the express train track join . as Salt leap from the space between the nine & ten car ... CUT to : int . ST . patrick be - day the hushed congregation turn as the Marine honor Guard pall - bearer enter with the casket . in lock step down the long aisle . the eerie calm in the great crowded church magnify each footfall . nave and gallery fill with that who have come from the far corner of the earth to pay they final respects . saris , kaftan , italian suit , dishdasha . the casket be carry past russian president boris maelev and he own security detail . maelev salutes it . towards the cardinal of new york who wait by the pulpit . CUT to : int . subway tunnel - day Salt move quickly along . she come to a door mark : con Edison Utility access 3-12b . at the sound of clipped radio traffic , she duck into the door 's little alcove . she wait in the shadow as two member of the nypd esu team pass on the express track . clear , she make short work of pick the pad lock on the door . as she slip inside ... CUT to : ext . mobile transmission news van - day a bank of monitor , all with different feed . a technician watch one screen show maelev salute the casket . anchor 's voice -..as Russian President boris maelev salute the man he have call he great friend in the west. 53 . the image switch to the St. Patrick 's as the president of the UNITED states squeeze the first lady 's hand , then approach the pulpit . anchor 's voice ( cont ’d ) the President of the United States will now say he farewell . tomorrow it 's on to Camp David where the two leader will meet at the summit vice President oate work a year to stage as a way forward for Russian american friendship . CUT to : int . ST . patrick cathedral - day at the east transept , winter speak into the microphone in he sleeve . winter after the President finish , the choir sing and then maelev will deliver he eulogy . CUT to : ext . ST . patrick 's cathedral - day peabody scan , listen on he headpiece . then into he own sleeve mic . peabody if you girl try anything here , it will have to be pretty damn amazing . CUT to : int . con -ed utility tunnel - day salt move along , light she way with the glow off a cell - phone screen . check she progress against the download Maps as she close on the spot where the pen poke through . CUT to : int . pulpit - ST . patrick cathedral - day the president above the flag-drape coffin . president he give a young , wet -behind - the- ear candidate a rock to stand next to . ( more ) 54 . president ( cont 'd ) believe I , I only look presidential in that day because I have maxwell oate beside I . Russian President boris maelev listen from the front pew . CUT to : int . con - ed tunnel - day a secret service agent in a hardhat guard a door here . you can make out the dull throb of the music from the other side . a muffle voice can be half hear over he earpiece . radio voice ..- status , lima zulu four . hardhat agent lima zulu four , all clear . angle above Salt crouch in the dark on top of the pipe . as hardhat click off he radio , she click the timer on she wristwatch , start timing something . CUT to : int . pulpit - ST . patrick cathedral - day the US President have step away . we hear the collective voice of the choir accompany by the power of St. Patrick 's main pipe - organ . in paradisum . choir requiem aeternam dona eis . domine , et lux perpetua , requiem aeternam , aeternam dona eis . perpetua luceat . in paradisum . christe eleison ... boris maelev flip through he note one last time . CUT to : int . con - ed tunnel - day the hardhat agent settles back into he spot by the door , can just hear the dull throb of the music from the other side . unaware as ... above Salt still up here , click she timer to a stop as the muffle radio voice be hear over hardhat 's earpiece . 55 . radio voice ...- you status , lima zulu four . hardhat agent lima zulu four , all clear . Salt check the timer : 91 second -- -- then drop to the ground beside he . a knee to he rib and then the heel of she hand into he temple and hardhat be out cold . as he drop , Salt hit the timer . the 91 second now reverse , count backwards : 00:91 ... 00:90 ... as she disappear through the door he be guard . CUT to int . ST . patrick cathedral - day the choir finish . President maelev approach the pulpit . secret service agent discreetly present . CUT to : int . cathedral crypt - day a axis of three tunnel . out of the sooty black of the subway and into the stone of the crypt beneath St. Patrick 's . Salt appear on the leave . check she map , she continue onto the right . move with she as she continue along , slowly , cautiously , quietly . as the tunnel open into a actual crypt , Salt stop . she hold a dentist 's mirror just outside the edge . she see : a dour secret service agent . just stand there . shift he weight back and forth . Salt slide the mirror into she satchel , silently set the satchel on the floor . press she back against the wall , she take several deep breath , get ready to spring . dour agent he 's in the central crypt - the circular room that radiate off the corridor to all the other crypt . silence . as he reach up to scratch the back of he neck ... 56 . Salt charge hard from around the corner . the only reaction there be time for be to defend . the hand -fighting ferocious . much closer to ufc than ballet . the dour agent hold he own until Salt catch he under the chin with a elbow , finish he with a roundhouse kick . as he land in a heap ... CUT to : int . ST . patrick cathedral - day President maelev deliver he eulogy . boris maelev do vadany a ... in my language it mean ' until we meet again 's . that be what my friend maxwell oate say to I the last time I see he . sadly I do not meet he again . until today . Mr. oate be a great man ... CUT to : int . con - ed tunnel - day the hardhat agent , still unconscious , as he earpiece bleat . radio voice lima zulu four , come in ? ( a beat ) what 's you , status , lima zulu four ? CUT to : ext . ST . patrick 's cathedral - day peabody hover near the secret service Command Post . radio operator we get two mias . lima zulu four in the con - Ed utility tunnel outside the crypt entrance . and lima-zulu - five in the crypt . the supervisor get on the radio . supervisor sub-unit . lima zulu one , two and three , converge on the crypt . repeat , converge on the crypt . peabody scan a map . 57 . peabody what 's the nearest subway entrance . supervisor 5lst street . as peabody motor away , on he radio as he go . CUT to : int . gallery - ST . patrick 's - day as maelev speak , Winter 's headset tell he . peabody 's voice something 's wrong in the crypt . winter Jesus Christ . man next to winter amen ... CUT to : int . central crypt - day Salt pull out a block of c4 from she satchel , heft it in she hand . pull off a chunk , she stick the rest high on the stone support column in the center of the crypt . work quickly , she stuff in a blast cap attach to a transmitter . then draw she 'mm . look about , lining up what she need to do , and then -- she fire three shot . splinter three wood encasement . blow all the stop in the pipe organ 's wind - chest . CUT to : int . ST . patrick cathedral - day abruptly , in near- instantaneous succession , each of the Cathedral 's three pipe organ blast a sustained molecule - rattling note at full volumetric pressure . everyone in the cathedral , maelev include , be momentarily stunne by the blast . winter move , shouting into he radio . 58 . winter maelev ! get goddam maelev ! CUT to : int . central crypt - day sound roaring in she ear , Salt calmly take cover around a corner , press down on a garage door opener . the central column explode ! CUT to : int . ST . patrick 's cathedral - day the assemble react to a hard sudden jolt and then ... a huge eruptive sigh as the entire floor beneath the pulpit give way . drop down below and take ... boris maelev down with it . gone. CUT to : int . central crypt - day the floor above come crashing down in a control detonation . give birth to a ton of dust and debris . maelev ride the wave , landing in the top of it all , try to comprehend where he be and how he get there . CUT to : int . ST . patrick 's - day a dust cloud mushroom up from the crypt and out into the space . mourner stumble back ; security stumble forward . CUT to : int . central crypt - day maelev sit there , see a shape emerge from the dust . it climb up the rubble toward he . Salt . she stop above he , offer she hand . as he take it , she pull he up , then -- fling he down off the rubble . she follow , kick he in the rib as he try to stand . crack . she haul he up and brutally backhand he . blood rope from he mouth as he head snap back . 59 . and as it occur to we she may be try to kill he ... CUT to : int . cathedral crypt - day the axis of the three dust - choke tunnel . secret service Agents , esu cop and peabody haul ass this way . continue with they as they enter the ... central crypt they flashlight run bore hole through the dust . find two figure : one prone on the ground , the other drop to its knee , hand raise like a supplicant . as it lay out flat on the ground . agent do not move ! they rush up to where Salt lie face - down , limb outstretch beside maelev . peabody , kick Salt 's leg further apart , set he knee down in the middle of she back . as he cuff she ... peabody you decide to go quietly ? salt do not want to give you the satisfaction . agent two shove she face into the rubble , hold it there . agent two mouth shut . one of the esu cop have be check maelev . it be not good . esu cop ( into radio ) get a medical team down here ! peabody leave Salt to the Agents , scoot over to check maelev 's throat for a pulse . peabody Christ , he 's dead . and as the agent start digging they fist into Salt ... CUT to : 60. ext . ST . patrick cathedral - day marine one take off from the middle of 5th Avenue . it 's a mess as the police push back the crowd . the secret service try to sort out world leader . meanwhile ... east transept a knot of agent hustle Salt ( hand cuffed behind she back ) out the door . peabody and now Winter with they . they lead she toward a building across the way . CUT to : ext . salt - news camera footage - day off a long lens , the reporter 's voice hear over it . reporter' voice preliminary report identify the assailant as one Evelyn Salt . and this seem unbelievable , folk , but she 's also be identify as a CIA officer . again , Russian President maelev be dead . CUT to : int . build lobby - day the door open from outside and Salt be frog-marched in surround by the agent . CUT to : int . elevator - day Salt , Winter , peabody and the three secret service Agents who have transport- custody . they be on they way up , the button light for the 35th and top floor . salt Winter . listen to I . please . he do not look at she . salt ( cont 'd ) I have to do it . or they would have kill Mike . the second Zykov ide I as chenkov I know they have Mike . I know I have to follow this through to the end . there be nothing I could do . 61 . peabody you want to shut up , or should I have you gag ? Salt try to catch Winter 's eye , but he will not look over . ding ! the elevator door open and she 's haul out into ... 35 th floor hallway she 's lead down the hall . peabody grim . Winter quite angry . step - step - step - step - until ... salt I be not chenkov . and Winter lose it , grab she , jam she up against the wall . winter then who be , Evelyn ?! who the hell be !? the transport agent try to get between they . Winter look like he want to rip she head off . winter ( cont 'd ) you be my number two ! I trust you ! you goddamn traitor ! Winter fight to get at she . Salt regard he . Agents struggle to lock this situation down . winter ( cont 'd ) ( spit fly ) you piece of shit ! he try to hit she . Salt twist away -- -- and for just a flash , we see Salt 's hand up under a agent 's jacket . it 's just for a instant and hardly notice in the huge push and shove . and then peabody manage to jerk Winter back . they be apart . and Salt , calm , level , blink and ... salt I be not chenkov . peabody maelev 's dead . enough of this crap . salt maelev 's not dead . 62 . everyone be stare at she now . she 's nut . but she hold Winter 's eye . peabody get she to the roof . the agent move . again a flash - behind she back - as Salt just manage to get a handcuff key into the cuff lock . peabody ( cont 'd ) ( to Winter ) get a grip or stay behind . Winter nod he 's okay . as they follow to a door mark roof access . Transport agent one open it . roof access stairwell a flight , a landing , a flight , and a door . the throb of a helicopter can be hear as they start up the stair . winter you will see . this be just the start of something . peabody we get on that helicopter , I be go to have you mouth tape shut . winter it 's just the start . Salt 's eye on the foot of Transport agent one ahead of she . the softest click and -- Salt reach , the cuff dangle from she right wrist -- she jerk he leg out from under he . and even before he hit the concrete landing like a sack of potato -- she rear back , kick Transport agent two square in the chest . he stumble back into Winter and as they both fall down the steel stair -- -- and Transport agent Three and peabody draw they gun . Salt use the hand rail as a launch to deliver a high scissor kick to Transport agent Three 's head . he fall against peabody send peabody 's first shot wide . Salt hit the landing , grab the gun from the hand of the unsteadily rise Transport agent one and turn the corner as peabody 's second shot blow a hole in the wall just where she use to be . 63 . peabody step over Transport agent Three , hit the landing and be about to fire again , when he have to pull he shot -- -- as Winter sprint past , chase as Salt bang through the roof bulkhead door . CUT to : ext . rooftop - manhattan - day a federal helicopter just about to land , rotorwash whipping the roof . they see Salt on the move . the sniper on board grab he rifle as ... Salt sprint for the far edge of the roof . the copter dip its nose and move after she . Winter stop to take deadly aim . Salt near the roof edge where two steel arm be swing out and over , the cable of a window wash rig hang down . Winter firing at Salt ! Salt fire into the clutch - brake hold the cable -- and she jump . out into thin air . a new angle as she fall a story and land on one end of the window washing platform just as ... it begin a near free - fall down the side of the building , the friction of the pulley slow it ever so slightly . Salt struggle to get to the end of the rig as it race downward . a full fifteen storey until ... she hit the hand brake jerk the rig to a sudden halt -- flattening Salt to the deck . and simultaneously snapping the cable on one side . as the rig swing vertical , Salt go slide down , scraping for a handhold . whump ! she catch one . office a man at he desk can not believe what he 's look at as Salt pull up , get a foothold on the end of the frame . 64 . salt reacting as the Federal helicopter roar around the corner , a sniper out on one of the skid . into he headset ... sniper I get a clean shot , please advice . voice take it . Salt turn she face away ; she fire directly into the window in front of she . boom ! boom ! CUT to : int . office - build - day the man at he desk diving for cover as he 's shower in glass and -- she 's in ! as she rumble out the door ... build hallway the people who work there reacting as Salt race down a long central corridor -- toward the light from the window at the end . raising the gun and -- firing ahead at the come window . shatter it and -- CUT to : ext . build - day Salt explode through the glass -- a figure in thin air . the shard of glass reflect piece of she . child sit as the side of they head be shave . the vicious backhand of a Russian speznatz . arm straining in the Iron Cross position on the gym ring . collapsing under the weight of the heavy march pack . kissing the ring . the bamboo switch come down . over and over until -- 65 . salt ( in mid AIR leap ) Hit down hard on the rooftop of the adjacent building , tuck and roll to she foot . she sprint for the roof access door , smashes through they . go . CUT to : int . russian dormitory - night ( flashback ) the child all in bed . Seven fill , one empty . footstep in the dark . Zykov and young chenkov cross the enormous room . chenkov 's face bandage . only the eye show . they breath be visible in the cold . zykov ( softly ) ignore all else , it be human nature that rule the world . it be human nature that must be guard against . ( she nod ) and what else ? chenkov freedom . the only sin be freedom . zykov yes . why ? chenkov in freedom we forget we loyalty . they reach the bed . the girl climb in , under the cover . Zykov consider she a beat , then hold out he hand . she lean forward , kiss he gold ring . zykov wish for it , long for it , and forever be true to it . Zykov walk away . the girl lay on she back stare up at the ceiling . sad little shnaider watch she from the next bed . shnaider chenkov ? be that you ? chenkov I be go home tomorrow , shnaider . 66 . shnaider Home ? to grozny ? chenkov my home be in harrisburg Pennsylvania . my favorite place there be the McDonald 's on Front Street because it 's near the river . ( look over sadly ) I will not want to go anymore because my mother and father be dead . shnaider consider this , not especially surprised . then : shnaider will you miss I , chenkov ? chenkov my name ... be Evelyn Salt . she turn to look back at the ceiling . and as the two of they lay there in the dark and the cold ... CUT to : int . municipal hospital N 11 - moscow - day ( flashback ) a doctor unwrap little chenkov 's face . Zykov stand across from she . we be on he as the last of the bandage come off . he smile and we reveal : Little 12 - year-old Salt . face still bruise and puffy from she ' accident 's , but we certainly recognize the face we have come to know . the doctor hold up a mirror . she look at herself , frown , then push it away . CUT to : int . waiting room - municipal hospital N 11 - day ( flashback ) Zykov stand with little Salt , alone . zykov remember you training . you will not hear from we again . you must remember how you life be to go . which college you need to attend -- little salt Yale University . zykov where you need to work . 67 . little salt the Central Intelligence Agency . zykov who you need to trust . little salt no one . a still moment . Zykov clock the pensiveness about she . zykov what be you think ? little salt what if I fail ? what if the family see I be not Evelyn Salt ? zykov you aunt barely know you . it will be as plan . remember , this be you first assignment . if you can not do this , you can not do any of it . a knock on the door , a hospital administrator lean in . administrator < they want she .> zykov < send they .> ( to chenkov ) the only thing to fear be that which you love . Zykov turn , start out . little salt wait . he pause . despair , she look at he ring . all she 's ever know . Zykov hold it out , pleased as she kiss it . zykov one day , I will see you again . and he 's out the door . she stand there alone for several beat . master herself . shove everything down inside . the door open and martin crenshaw enter . 68 . crenshaw hello , Evelyn . I be Martin crenshaw from the US embassy . we be so sorry about you parent 's accident . she 's convincingly teary - eye . little salt please , I want to go home . CUT to : wolf blitzer on a little LED tv screen . wolf blitzer ( on tv ) ..- harsh word for America from alexi barisovsky immediately after he swear in ceremony at the kremlin . a shot of the fiery barisovsky speak outside the kremlin . and then -- rioting in the street of Moscow . wolf blitzer ( cont ’d ) as anti-us rioting continue into the night in the area around the american embassy . salt watch . she 's in the back of a taxi . the screen mount on the back of passenger side seat . on screen : a coffin raise from a airport tarmac on a scissor- lift , then carry into the main cabin of Russia 's version of Air Force one . wolf blitzer ( cont ’d ) meanwhile , the body of slain Russian President maelev be already on its way back to Russia just two hour after he assassination . CUT to : ext . staten island boneyard - day it 's bleak as Salt get out of a taxi at a salvage yard / scrap metal clear house near the Fresh kill landfill . a trash can FIRE burn , acetylene torch burn . at water 's edge and further out , derelict boat and ship of every size . 69 . and walk toward she : the man we know as oleg Zykov . zykov privyet , comrade chenkov . salt privyet , comrade Zykov . she stop before he , smile . thrill to see he . salt ( cont 'd ) when I see you , in Washington , I almost run to you . I do not think I would ever see you again . zykov and still you remain faithful ? in you heart ? salt in my soul . in my very soul . he hold out he ring with its gold star on a red enamel background . Salt lean , kiss it . zykov when you escape today I think , even I could not have hope for so much . you be my great creation . he look she over with unabash admiration , put he hand on she hip . she grin , enjoy he eye . salt you train I well . in many thing . he embrace she , pull back as he feel ' something 's . zykov what be this ? she draw the agent 's gun , show he . zykov ( cont 'd ) May I ? the slight hesitation , but she hand he the gun . as he look it over . salt what you say in Washington , be it true ? that you have cancer ? 70 . zykov anaplastic cancer of the thyroid . she grab he arm . salt no ! zykov ( nod ) I have six month , maybe less . and I have never even be to Chernobyl . he grin at she nonetheless . she grin back . salt but Zykov give cancer ; he do not get it . zykov I be not dead yet ... this way . they walk toward the shore . he do not offer back the gun . a little motorboat wait . a man aboard . zykov ( cont 'd ) twenty - two year . you must have think I would never call on you . salt it would have be a pity . they reach the decrepit dock , the motorboat and basayev , a strike look man in he mid-20 , a crown of thorns tattooe across he forehead . he offer he hand to Salt to board . she see the cyrillic write across he knuckle , read it -- he name . salt ( cont 'd ) vasia . he nod in acknowledgement . then she get on without he help , sit . as he assist Zykov , she see he other hand , count the little skull tattooed to the top of the finger . salt ( cont 'd ) eight kill . zykov < when you live with wolf , you howl like one .> 71 . as he kick away from the dock , revs the outboard ... zykov ( cont 'd ) ( be : basayev ) my work do not end entirely the day the letter u-s-s-r cease to mean anything . Salt consider basayev a beat . what be he exactly ? as they head out across the water . zykov ( cont 'd ) for my whole life I prepare for one thing only . War with the West . and the West prepare for I . we be worthy adversary . salt treating you adversary with respect give he a advantage he do not deserve . that 's what you teach we . zykov that be before I be forget . not all of we run oil company or buy soccer team after the fall . some of we have nothing . they say it be time to stop divide the world into black and white . so now I sit in the fsb building in Moscow . with a beach and a coconut tree on the wall . worry about the chechnen and defector in London . I think I have nothing leave but my secret . salt secret like I . zykov like you . my agent be the last child of the cold war . my great asset . I use they to rebuild . ( a beat ) and what have become of the two great cold War nation ? without each other we be purposeless , lose . Fighting the Iraqis , blackmail the ukrainian . while the chinese and India take over . where be we honor ? basayev ease off the throttle as they near a rusted barge . she see a man wear a shoulder holster wait for they on deck . then , back to Zykov. 72 . salt so what will we do ? what be we mission now ? zykov tabula rasa . a clean slate . the Soviets and the Americans will reach they intertwined destiny and the world will be cleanse as a result . he have something in mind and it sound dangerous and big . salt how ? zykov soon you will know ... but first thing first as they say . basayev catch the side of the barge , hold the motorboat steady as Salt and Zykov climb the rusty weld ladder rung . a tetanus shot wait to happen . deck join by basayev , they cross to a large open hatch . a dull glow of light below . seem a shit direction to be travel . salt what 's down there ? zykov well , it occur to I that perhaps you have change . and I need to be sure you have not . salt I prove myself at St. Patrick 's . would not you say ? zykov you do well , but what I have in mind be too important not to be sure . he raise he eyebrow . Salt shrug , head down into ... the bowel skirt the stand water as she head toward the light . a couple of car battery worklight have be set up . five heavy russian mobster here . stand at the edge of a tank . two of they armed with assault rifle . 73 . Salt be follow by basayev and Zykov . finally she have the angle to see down inside : the tank stand in the bottom -- her husband mike . his ankle chain to a fitting on the tank floor . as he look up ... salt Dead still . whatever the think be that 's scream through she brain be hers and hers alone to know . the bowel Zykov step up beside Salt . zykov ( cont 'd ) you be surprised ? still look at Mike ... salt no . I know that you have he . Zykov study she in the dim light . zykov be you ready to watch he die ? Mike lock on she as ... salt ( shrug ) give I a gun . zykov that would be too easy . Zykov nod to the unarm Russian gangster . he pull a handle , open a valve . a rush sound as water pour rapidly into the tank , gush round Mike 's foot , cover the floor . salt either way . it do not matter to I . zykov do not it ? salt no. 74 . Mike grim , never take he eye off Salt . zykov the truth be ... the water now gush around Mike 's knee . come up fast . zykov ( cont 'd ) it be the privilege of that who fear love to murder that who do not . Zykov smile down at Mike , address he as he stroke Salt 's cheek with the back of he hand . zykov ( cont 'd ) she hear I , she recognize I , she be mine , a possession for all time . the water at Mike 's waist . zykov ( cont 'd ) do you think you ever have she ? you be merely a plaything . a surrogate for she loneliness . Zykov truly a nasty , sinister piece of work . he run he hand casually down she body . zykov ( cont 'd ) she have always be mine . her mouth ? her tongue ? I teach she to use they , I teach she to love . what you feel be I . as Zykov lean in to kiss Salt 's throat , it give Mike a chance to glance up above , then back at she . the water at he chest . zykov ( cont 'd ) she be the monster I create . as Zykov drill Mike with a look , Salt have a moment to glance above where Mike try to direct she . what she sees : caught in a flash of light : a spider sit in a large web . salt look back down at ... 75 . mike the water up just under he chin . the slight flare in he eye . he 's try to tell she something . salt neutral . at least she appear so as Zykov watch she . we do not know if the message have be pass or not . catwalk the water creep up Mike 's cheek . he tilt he head back , but still keep he eye on she . Salt stare back . one last moment before the water swallow he up . at a nod from Zykov , the gangster pull the handle , shutting off the water . just a few inch above Mike 's upturn face . a freeze beat before bubbles erupt from Mike 's mouth and nose in sudden , torture burst . and Salt witness every moment . a beholder . and Zykov watch she as ... Mike 's hand break the surface as he flail . finally a last silent scream , he mouth dark and wide . until death claim he . and he body settles away into the murk below . Salt turn , look frankly to Zykov . then : kiss Zykov on the mouth . even basayev raise a eyebrow . Salt pull back . salt satisfied ? zykov satisfied . he take she arm , start walk she back the other way . zykov ( cont 'd ) the Russians be at the abyss . now for the Americans . tonight they meet at Camp David the President , he cabinet , the Joint Chiefs and NATO representative . we will be there as well . helping they generate they reply to the Russian sabre rattling . ( a beat ) you 'il be bring in by David cerny , a Czech Colonel , the NATO liaison . 76 . salt he 's one of we ? Zykov smile at a private joke , then nod . CUT to : ext . airstrip - delaware - early evening as a cessna citation touch down , taxi over to a hangar . a official look sedan wait as ... the cessna turn , taxi into the hangar . david cerny get out of the sedan . in he blue NATO uniform . he step up , watch as the cessna 's door be open . and step off the plane ... a man . in the blue uniform of a NATO major . he salutes . cerny return the gesture ... cerny Major vicek . good to see you again . this way . move with vicek as cerny lead he to the car . and as we realize we be look at Salt as a man . CUT to : int . sedan - airstip - early evening cerny behind the wheel . Salt / vicek beside he as they drive . cerny do you remember I ? chenkov . she study he . not yet . he give she a hint . cerny ( cont 'd ) do you miss I ? as she recognize that palest blue eye . salt shnaider . cerny / shnaider smile , nod . Salt can not help but laugh . salt ( cont 'd ) you finally stop cry . ( he nod ; pleased ) how long have you be here ? 77 . shnaider /cerny I leave Russia one year after you . to Prague . I have be the NATO liaison to the White House for three year . salt Zykov think of everything . ( assume a accent ) I be NATO Major jiri vicek from karlovy vary . he hand she vicek 's credentials and wallet . then a set of architectural schematics clearly mark as Camp David . shnaider flip a page to : a side view . a elevator shaft run deep below Camp David to a subterranean chamber below . shnaider tap he finger on it . shnaider that 's where the President need to be . salt tell I more . shnaider we be not the primary . we be secondary , diversionary . and as they continue and the windshield wiper thwak ... CUT to : int . cabin - russian AIR force one - night a russian flag -draped coffin rest in the plane 's conference room . two member of the security detail sit guard . speaker voice < we be make the final descent on vnukovo Airport . please fasten you seatbelt .> the security detail boy react at a muffle coffin sound . another . they exchange look like : '' do you hear that ? '' suddenly , a pounding from inside the coffin . they unlatch they seat belt , jump up at a muffle shout . and they be unlatch , pull open the lid to reveal : a bewilder , but very alive President maelev . 78 . boris maelev < what the fuck happen to I ?!> they do not have a answer as we ... CUT to : int . sedan - wooded highway ( rolling ) night as they pass a sign : Naval Research facility -- -- shnaider turn leave down a short road , stop behind several other official look car wait to pass through a marine checkpoint . guard tower loom over a double - gate '' mantrap '' system . shnaider look to Salt . shnaider welcome to Camp David , Major vicek . CUT to : int . briefing CENTER - camp david - night the President 's mil aide sit stock still against the wall , a heavy briefcase rest in he lap . the room fully equip with all the same sit - com and teleconference technology as the White House . the President be deep in conversation with he chief of staff , National Security advisor miller and SEC def chalmer . the President flip through a set of satellite thermal imaging as Miller point out ... miller this be temperature - drop in mobile missile unit across the kaliningrad oblast and in southern baikal . president what exactly do that mean ? SEC def chalmer it mean barisovsky have the Russians fueling they rocket . we assume you do not gas up unless you be get ready to go . as it settles on the President a beat , the first Lady step up . she 's very aware she 's interrupt something heavy . 79 . first lady I be go to the screen room for a movie . okay ? he squeeze she hand , nod . a beat between they and she go . president so what do we do ? miller even if they be posture , the only meaningful response will be we own icbm 's be fuel . the Russians will read it and notice will be serve . SEC def chalmer we should put some plane in the air , surface move a submarine or two and open some silo door . that and go from defcon 4 to defcon 3 . at least at we forward basis . president ( disbelief ) this be suppose to be a Russian american fraternal summit , not a crise meeting to go to defcon 3 . CUT to : ext . marine checkpoint - camp david - night the gate ahead of the sedan close , the gate behind close . shnaider hand a marine guard on he side he NATO id . shnaider good to see you again , sergeant . Salt hand hers to a guard on she side . as two other look under the car with mirror ... guard five could you pop the trunk , Sir ? he reach , pop it . the sergeant hand he back he id . shnaider you think the redskin have a chance at the playoff ? marine sergeant ( after a beat ) Nice try . 80. Salt frown , tense . be they make ? marine sergeant ( cont 'd ) we know you NATO folk only care about soccer , sir. shnaider smile . as the sergeant wave the gate open ... sedan they drive through . past a FIRE station . past a landing zone where a floodlit marine one sit . and past a trench - coat secret service agent who direct they into a SMALL parking lot . past the President 's limo and security motorcade vehicle . shnaider park face Marine one . he look at it through the windshield a beat , then turn the steering wheel , almost as through make a adjustment . as they exit , we hold on the dash where a discreet amber light start to blink . CUT to : ext . social CENTER entrance - night military brass and suit go through the secret service checkpoint at the Social Center entrance . ( the building here be lodge style , not official look at all ) . as Salt and shnaider be direct that way , he point out another lodge- style build beyond . shnaider briefing center . the president 's in there . they show they visitor 's badge to the secret service agent at the door . they be check and wave through . CUT to : int . social CENTER - camp david - night a FIRE burn . refreshment be serve . shnaider point out haye who be come toward they . low to Salt : shnaider Bill haye , special Assistant to the President . you do not know he . 81 . as haye step up , shake shnaider 's hand . haye Colonel cerny , good to see you . he turn to Salt , who also shake . and introduce herself in a well modulate ' male 's voice . salt Major vicek . haye please . ( to shnaider ) you 'il have two minute to preview NATO 's point of view before the main meeting start . shnaider now ? haye about five minute -- Excuse I . he turn as he earpiece chirp to life . he look around . haye ( cont 'd ) ( into he nextel ) get he . thirty second . he step to the buffet table , tap a man on the shoulder . haye ( cont 'd ) they be ask for you . the man turn . it 's Winter ! as haye lead they past , he almost walk into Salt . winter I be sorry . do not recognize he / she at all . as Salt watch he exit . CUT to : int . the briefing CENTER - night Winter sit across from the President . chief of staff you be on the CIA 's Russia desk , Mr. Winter , what 's you assessment ? 82 . president screw assessment . we intel say a Russian agent kill maelev . what the hell be they up to ? winter I think barisovsky know we be not behind the hit on maelev . but he 's a hard - liner ; he need to consolidate power right now . especially if maelev 's assassination be in reality a coup - d’etat . a staffer interrupt . staffer we have the footage ready , Sir . the President nod . they turn to the big video screen . chief of staff ( to Winter ) from you office yesterday . on screen : hallway security camera footage as : bottom and the security officer reacting to the alarm . Zykov kick he blade toe into the security officer 's thigh , drop he and -- get the steel line garrote around bottom 's throat . the security officer reach for he gun until Zykov ' kick 's the blade up through he throat . president good god ... Zykov release bottom , take the security officer 's 9 mm and id and calmly exit frame . chief of staff what do you have on he ? winter not much . oleg Zykov ... he pass out file . winter ( cont 'd ) mid-level bureaucrat . Works in Moscow at the fsb headquarters . in the domestic counter terrorism unit. 83 . president and the CIA agent who kill maelev ? what do you have on she ? winter Evelyn Salt . her history , spotless . her record , exemplary . the only thing that raise a red flag , in hindsight , be she parent die in the Soviet Union . miller how 's that ? winter car accident . 1988 . they be teacher at the US embassy . for the american child of the staff . they daughter , Salt , be badly hurt in the crash , but she survive . as they consider this ... CUT to : int . social CENTER - night haye give shnaider and Salt the high sign . they be up . as they follow he out . CUT to : ext . ground - camp david - night haye lead the way as they cross the ground from the social center to the briefing center . a little behind Salt , shnaider reach in he jacket , pull out he car keys . he press a button on the remote then -- -- sweep Salt down to the ground as ... CUT to : the NATO sedan - parking lot explode ! with extreeeeeeme prejudice . a pulsing surge of fury radiating out from it . on one side : a fleet of car lift off they wheel , be slam back , windshield imploding . 84 . on the other side : Marine one be envelop in a fireball and knocked to its side . CUT to : ext . ground - night ( simultaneous ) as haye be blow off he foot like a rag doll . CUT to : int . briefing CENTER - camp david - night ( simultaneous Winter , the President , secdef Chalmers and NSA Miller react as the window blow out ! the mil aide with the briefcase be knock off he chair as window on either side of he blow out . CUT to : salt & shnaider still on the ground . she look up in time to see : marine one exploding ! all 88 foot of it . much of the force direct upwards . the rotor hub and drive shaft hurtle past camera . burning diesel and flaming wreckage start to rain down ... CUT to : ext . ground - night shnaider to he foot as a secret service agent rush past . he clothesline he , relieve he of he uzi and he sig - sauer which he toss to Salt . as she look to the wreckage of Marine one ... shnaider ( a grin ) I should have mention that . ( now urgent ) they 'il move the president to the bunker . ( point ) that way for you , this way for I . we take out as many agent as we can . a beat and shnaider dash off . CUT to : 85 . int . briefing CENTER - camp david - night two secret service agent , include jenk ( the agent on the President ) , haul ass in . they each grab the President by a arm , start to hustle he out . agent jenk ( radio ) geronimo be sop to the lboc ! CUT to : ext . briefing CENTER - night they haul the President through the door and outside . Winter and Miller follow , along with Chalmers who assist the mil aide . he grip he briefcase . miller where be we go ? agent jenk Marine one be down . protocol be evacuation to the bunker ! the President fight they to a stop . the darkness light by burn fuel which have even set the roof of the Social Center on fire . president where 's my wife ?! someone locate my wife ! jenk her detail be look after she , sir . now move . Jenks physically compel he along . they 's 1ll protect he from himself if they have to . salt in the shadow , watch they pass , turn at gunfire . CUT to : ext . marine checkpoint - camp david a 18-year-old marine firing he rifle into the night . the gate sergeant grab he by the arm . marine sergeant what be you shoot at ?! 86 . he do not answer , obviously do not know . CUT to : ext . ground - night shnaider , pretend to stagger , with he jacket in he hand , as seven secret service agent motor toward he on they way to the parking lot . shnaider there be man that way ! come over the fence ! as they turn ... shnaider let the uzi rip . through he jacket . as all seven agent go down . CUT to : ext . dormitory - camp david - night the six - member cat team ( counter assault ) roll out . Gas mask , body armor , tool up to the tooth . CUT to : ext . ground - camp david - night the President hustle along . all other can keep up or die as far as the secret service be concerned . CUT to : salt in the tree , shadow the President . she pause as two agent rumble past , then react to more gunfire , scream behind she . CUT to : shnaider he 's just kill another three agent . as he turn , he see Salt stand there . he give she a curious look , then frown . something 's not right . she 's point the sig -sauer at he . shnaider chenkov ... 87 . salt my name be Salt . her eye flaring as blam ! blam ! blam ! shnaider 's head for the green green grass of home . CUT to : ext . aspen lodge - night three more agent here . the cat team arrive as Jenks lead up the President , Winter , Miller , Chalmers and the mil aide . agent at door first Lady be en route . we get about ten people inside . jenk ( to cat leader ) the first lady and she party . no one else get in . defend this position . as the cat leader nod , Jenks take everyone else inside . CUT to : ext . ground - camp david - night a golf cart bounce along . the three agent aboard , two of they sandwich the first Lady in the back . as they follow the cart path , all gun suddenly aim at the figure ahead . illuminate by the cart 's headlight : a NATO major jiri vicek . hand raise . blood all over ' he 's face . primary agent hold you fire . that 's NATO . first lady God , look at he . stop ! they pull up . the blood be probably shnaider 's . salt / major vicek ( best Czech accent ) explosion ... primary agent get in . CUT to : 88. ext . aspen lodge - night forward of the entry face out . the cat team radio bleat : agent one I have Cherokee inbound to aspen . they watch as the bounce headlight appear . they wave they in . as the Agents , the first Lady and Salt disembark ... CUT to : int . aspen lodge - upper bunker entry - night some of the other Camp David staff be here with they secret service escort . the elevator door open . the President , Winter , Chalmers Miller , the mil aide and Jenks step out . as all eye turn to the President . president everyone stay safe and we will figure this out . that say he 's hustle down a corridor where another elevator wait , guard by two more agent . Jenks punch in a code . as the elevator door open to receive they ... CUT to : int . elevator one - night on its way down with the first Lady , Salt and the agent . the primary agent listen over the radio . primary agent the President be safe , ma ’am . he 's on he way down to the lower bunker . first lady let he know I be okay . they stop . the door ping open . upper bunker entry as the first Lady greet the staff there ... salt cruise past the corridor , see the guard outside the second elevator . cruise on and enter ... the men 's room . CUT to : 89 . int . elevator - night Inside the lboc elevator . as the door open , Winter and the President and he party step out ... CUT to : int . ventilation shaft - night Salt pull she way in from the man 's room . back press to the wall , she replace the grill behind she . a straight drop . as she quickly ' back -scoot 's down the shaft toward the side shaft and vent fan spin below . CUT to : int . lboc bunker portal - night the President , and the other step through the bunker 's massive door - 10 foot high and 5 foot thick . once everyone be through ... agent Jenks hit a panel button : the door start close . he look to two of he agent . agent jenk take this position . as Jenks take the group further into the bunker ... CUT to : int . ventilation duct - night vertical now , Salt move along quietly . it be not that difficult over the mechanic of the close bunker door . ahead the duct reach its end point ( at the bunker wall ) . she look down through a vent , see the back of the two rear - guard secret service agent below . bunker portal corridor the secret service Agents stand sentry as the door continue to close behind they . unaware as the vent screen lift away behind and above they . all they focus ahead , as Salt uncoil down from the shaft , hang there above . still , until -- she unleash a kick into the side of the first agent 's head . as he drop and -- -- the second agent wheel -- 90 . Salt drop , land low . come up under he chin . as he stagger back -- -- the door continue to close beyond . Salt chop at he arm , knock away he gun . as she glance to the door -- he catch she with a hard right , move to follow . she duck , come up with a left-right - leave and finish with a wick elbow across he temple . as he drop -- Salt scoops he gun , make a hard dash for the door which be nearly close and -- -- she dive through and into ... the bunker entrance tuck and roll like the gymnast she once be . ending in a crouch , she look back as the door shut with finality . Salt wipe at she face , tear off what remain of she facial prothesis after get punch . look more like she old self again . CUT to : int . lower bunker operation CENTER - night ringed with video screen : some clear , some cycle through surveillance view , some show CNN and other news service . all play silently . a team of three tech . one side of the room be a 5 x12 foot reinforce glass window look out at another larger conference room beyond . this room be empty . the President , agent Jenks , Winter and all the other enter through a heavy OPEN door on the right . lead tech we have the director medford up . on one screen : CIA director medford at langley . the President look to a tech who switch on the two -way . president what the situation , Dan ? director medford what 's the situation there ?! we be hearing all sort of wild report . gl . president I be fine . we be down in the bunker . what 's go on with the Russians ? director medford we be not sure . something strange . winter Dan , it 's Ted Winter . strange how ? director medford can obviously see he on he end . director medford everything 's in flux , but we intel as of five minute ago say that maelev 's successor barisovsky be no longer in power . president what ? how be that possible ? director medford all we know be chain of command to he have be break off . miller there may have be a coup . ( to President ) it would be prudent to look at the siop option , Mr. President . president do you think we have reach that point , challie ? SEC def chalmer I think all we option need to be on the table . we need to be ready . the President nod , look to the mil aide who step up . as he turn the combination on the briefcase ... CUT to : int . national military command CENTER - pentagon - night a flashy high tech room . right now the screen flood with information on Russia . a phone set by itself start to ring . a 3- STAR general answer : it can only be one person . 3-star yes , Mr. President ... CUT to : 92. int . hallway one - lower bunker - night sig - sauer lead the way , Salt make she way along . CUT to : int . lower bunker operation CENTER - night Winter watch anxiously as the President and the mil aide , both on separate phone , both in the middle of read code off of card . president mil aide ... Z- evergreen-9-x-7-memphis - — ... trinidad-7-j-s-a-copper -5 - . T . 3-star 's voice ( over phone ) authentication code confirm . the briefcase have be attach by a high speed cable to the control panel . the president set he palm down on the briefcase 's build - in biometric scanner . as it read he fingerprint , flash identity confirm -- -- the op center screen fill with similar information as that at the Pentagon . but suddenly another screen be more interesting . tech three look at this . the control tech have stop the scroll at a particular security camera image : the two secret service agent now semi - conscious outside the close portal door . agent Jenks step over , switch to a image of another agent in a hallway . we see he up close , face forward . stand there . on guard . agent jenk ( into radio ) simmon , what do you get out there ? CUT to : int . hallway two - lboc - night agent simmon stand stock still . just around the corner a few foot ahead of he ( out of camera range ) , Salt point a gun straight at he head . she look to he radio , nod . 93 . agent simmon ( into radio ) I be all clear . Salt motion he to step toward she . CUT to : int . lower bunker operation CENTER - night as agent Jenks react . agent jenk ( to room ) something 's wrong . he just say the distress word . on screen : agent simmon step forward out of sight . agent Jenks switch camera view to the other hallway . we see Salt clock simmon across the head with the barrel of she gun . down he go . miller who the hell be she ? secret service agent that 's a NATO uniform . a major . winter that 's Evelyn Salt . she kill maelev . she 's the Russian . another screen show Salt advance down a hall . agent jenk she 's come this way . agent Jenks and he other two agent all point they gun at the door . agent Jenks have a uzi on a sling , he sig - sauer still holster . agent jenk ( cont ’d ) ( to tech Three ) Close that door . tech Three hit a switch . agent Jenks glance to the security camera view of the hallway outside the door . empty . agent jenk ( cont ’d ) ( into radio ) I need every agent in the facility to the op center . we be breach . at least one intruder in a NATO uniform . 94 . and the heavy door slide into place , seat and seal itself with a hermetic whoosh . no sooner do then ... the security cam show Salt arrive at the close door , the sig - sauer in one hand , simmon 's uzi in the other . winter give I you pistol ; I be qualified on it . agent jenk no. only the secret service possess firearm in the President 's vicinity . Winter step up alongside agent Jenks . winter screw protocol ! there 's a enemy agent out here ! tough minded Jenks shake he head . all eye on the screen as Salt look for a way to open the door . there be none . agent jenk protocol be protocol . without warning , Winter grab the handle of Jenks 's sig - sauer and turn it inward ( still holster ) and fire twice through Jenks 's chest . winter and dead be dead . as Jenks fall , Winter smoothly intercept he uzi , open fire across the room . rat -a-tat . secdef Chalmers and the two other secret service Agents go down as well as the lead and second tech . Winter have to move to the side to kill the mil aide who have take cover behind the console . salt hear the muffle sound of gunfire within . lower bunker operation CENTER Winter swing on Miller , who blink in astonishment . miller but ... I be the National Security advisor . 95 . a burst and he 's no longer employ . Winter step forward to blow away the third tech cower behind the console . as the President go for one of the fall agent 's gun , Winter swing the uzi practically into he face . the President freeze . winter sit - down . the President do as he 's tell . president who be you ? winter my name , Mr. President , be nikolai tarkovsky . and I be the last person you will ever meet . salt — hallway turn at a set of running footstep . Salt run to meet they at the corner . barrel into -- -- two more agent . a leg sweep on one , discharging he gun into the ceiling as he fall . the heel of she palm up under the chin of the second . a brutal knee drive he back into the wall . she knock he gun away , wheel to head kick the first agent on the ground . he 's out , but Salt -- -- catch a elbow in the face from the second agent . she come up under he guard , dig she fist into either side of he rib cage and then headbutt he into unconsciousness . lower bunker operation CENTER the President and Winter react as on screen : the agent drop unconscious and Salt disappear around the corner . winter ( cont 'd ) ( be : football ) let 's look at some selective attack option . Russian military , industrial and civilian target . the President be frighten , but defiant . president go to hell . 96 . as the President move to stand - whack ! - Winter pistol whip he across the head . as he fall unconscious . Winter type into the football 's keyboard to access a selective attack option or sao . and suddenly Salt can be see through the glass enter the conference room . she look in , see the blood on the glass , on the wall . see the President clutching he bloody arm . but mostly she see Winter there uzi in hand . salt Ted ? reacting to she voice over the speaker , Winter see Salt : she nose bleed , a sig - sauer in one hand , a uzi in the other . he give she a odd smile . scan the console , he throw a switch on the speaker on he side . winter < privyet , comrade chenkov . we be about to set the world on fire .> conference room as Salt stare at he , still try to understand . winter ( cont 'd ) ( over speaker ) < you do not know how many time I almost confide in you . almost tell you everything . I be the prototype . comrade Zykov 's first bear . the rest of you be all modell after I .> Salt respond in English . salt open the door . let I in . winter oh , let 's speak in Russian . how I long for it over the year . to speak my native tongue . ( laugh ) you know , I use to go to the lincoln Memorial . when it be desert . at one , two in the morning . and I would whisper to he in Russian . ( grin ) < privyet , abraham .> salt < let I in .> 97 . winter ( shake he head ) < I think it 's better for you to stay out there . there may be more secret service Agents to deal with .> she nod , agree , then suddenly raise the sig - sauer and -- blam ! blam ! blam ! -- she fire three shot in about a second . at Winter . who just stand there a foot from the glass . he look at three slug that should have slam through he head , but be now embed in the very bullet - proof glass . as he look back to she ... salt you tell Zykov , do not you ? about Mike . you tell he my loyalty need to be test . Winter tap the glass by the bullet with he finger . winter do not it ? she look past he to a monitor run CNN , smile . salt there 's you answer . Winter see the report on screen : boris maelev can be see descend the stair from the Russian Air Force one . Winter hit the volume . CNN anchor 's voice once again - boris maelev , the Russian President be alive . you be watch live footage as he arrive at Moscow 's vnukovo Airport . initial report indicate some form of temporary paralysis ... stun , Winter look back to Salt . salt once he doctor run the test , they may or may not find the toxin of a beetle , dermest vulpinus . winter ( realize ) traitor ! you fuck traitor !> 98 . Winter flinch at a ratchet of gunfire as Salt unload the uzi into the glass . in acircle . she grab a chair from the conference table . scream , she fling in into the center of the bullet circle . it bounce off . winter ( cont 'd ) make in America , huh ? salt I be go to kill you . the computer console beeps and the screen list the sao 's . with Russian target map . winter ( a beat ) Excuse we now , we have a launch to initiate . Winter type into the briefcase . Salt can see the target screen through the glass . salt at Russia ? do not that make you the traitor ? winter we be not loyal to mother Russia , chenkov . we be loyal to oleg Zykov . she stare a beat as Winter continue to type . then she focus beyond , on the inside of the lock heavy door . her eye focus in on the panel control to the right side of it , gaug its placement . then Salt dash out . hallway outside lboc doorway as one of the agent regains consciousness - wham ! - Salt put he out again . Rolling he over she pull five clip from he ammo holster . she slap the first into the uzi , unload the entire clip into the wall to the leave ( from this side ) of the door . lower bunker operation CENTER Winter look over at the surveillance screen as Salt unload clip number two . then she look directly into the screen , aim the sig - sauer and off the muzzle flash -- the screen go black . 99 . Winter turn back to what he 's do . as we hear the percussive thumping of the third clip ... the screen flash : Identity confirmation requested . Winter haul the unconscious President over , set he palm on the briefcase 's scanner . a beat and then ... the screen flash : countdown initiated ... 00:01:00 ... 00:00:59 ... hallway outside lboc doorway rat-a-rat-a-tat . Salt toss away the uzi , then start with the sig - sauer , aim the barrel straight into a hole tear into the wall . the round explode ! then another clip and ten more shot . lower bunker operation CENTER Winter have one eye on the countdown ( 00:00:48 ) and another on the door . hallway outside lboc doorway a heavy metal electric housing be tear open enough to expose the wiring inside . Salt lean into the hole in the wall , eye scan . she drop the gun , then pinch out two wire , strip they with she teeth . as she 's about to twist they together ... voice freeze ! a new agent in the hallway , draw down dead at she . salt not now ... new agent step away from what you be do . a beat as Salt consider she option , then start twist the wire together . the agent fire twice , hit she in the chest . as she hit the deck ... the door give off a pneumatic hiss as it disengage . 100 . lower bunker operation CENTER 00:00:36 ... Winter aim as the door slide back to reveal the new agent crossing by . blam ! Winter fire , kill he . hallway outside lboc doorway Salt 's shirt shred where the round tore through into she kevlar . she pick up the pistol , roll to a crouch and catapult herself into the ... lower bunker operation CENTER Winter fire high as she come in low . she tumble across the floor , leap , take a bullet in the kevlar chest , spin , knock the gun from Winter 's hand . 00:00:30 ... Winter catch she with a right , a leave , blood fly . Salt duck under a third blow , tackle Winter across one of the console . she rise up , swing down . whump , whump , whump ... 00:00:25 ... Winter reach , grab Salt by the neck and send she smash off the console . Winter go for the drop gun ... Salt crash across he . 00:00:19 ... he backfist she , snap back she head . follow with a vicious kick into she side . as Salt go down , he lunge , wrap he hand around she throat . 00:00:16 ... Salt manage to get she knee up under Winter 's chest , force he back just far enough to connect with a wick right elbow , then swing back with a leave . 101 . a two -inch gash open over Winter 's eyebrow , blood pour . 00:00:13 ... but they be near the gun . as Winter grab it , she catch he wrist , twist he arm into a submission ... he strain until - SNAP - he arm break . as Winter howl , she grab a handful of hair , pound he head into the floor , over and over , until she see ... 00:00:09 .. Salt release Winter , scramble to the President . he 's groggy , half - conscious . salt do not worry , Mr. President , I vote for you . 00:00:07 ... she set he hand on the scanner . as it read ... 00:00:03 ... Salt slap the abort button . the countdown freeze at 00:00:01 . as it do , Winter stagger to he foot . see two agent rush past the glass . on they way . winter ( for show ) help I ! footfalls in the hall . as he grin at Salt -- she take a hard step forward , kick Winter full in the face , drive the bone of he nose up and into he brain . Salt immediately raise she hand over she head -- -- as the two agent enter , gun point . agent on the floor ! she obey . find herself look across at Winter who stare lifelessly at the ceiling , he face flat . and as Salt close she eye ... CUT to : 102 . ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON university hospital - night federal car , police car , swat wagon , news van . this place be the center of the Universe right now . CUT to : int . jail ward - hospital - night Salt seat at a table . still in she NATO uniform pants and T-shirt . teeth chip , she arm cover in bruise , nose break . two huge cop stand watch she . she fold a piece of paper . under she breath , as she fold : salt I pledge allegiance to the flag . ( another fold ) of the United state of America . ( another ) and to the republic for which it stand . ( another ) one nation , under God , indivisible . ( another ) with liberty and justice ... a final fold . salt ( cont 'd ) for all . peabody enter , sit across the table from she . Salt hold up a rough paper approximation of a fold napkin : it almost look like a flower . salt ( cont 'd ) lily goblet fold ... in my new life I be try not to be so utilitarian . peabody cigarette ? he offer from a pack . she take one . as he light it ... peabody ( cont 'd ) someone stop the missile launch . the president be unconscious . that mean it be either you or Winter . and the President say Winter start it . so ...? she do not answer . 103 . peabody ( cont 'd ) do you save the world , Salt ? she still do not answer . peabody ( cont 'd ) if so , who do you save it from ? salt they . peabody define ' they '. she do not answer , finally ... salt I ... she look up , at some fix spot above and past he . look about as sad as can be . peabody listen , Salt . Winter we can figure out . he lead a life , he leave a trail . we will trace it back . we will fuck dissect he if we have to . but Zykov 's still out there . we may have a chance to get he before he leave the country . she 's crying now . finally really cry even though she 's from grozny . as she look at whatever she 's focus on . peabody look back over he shoulder . High up , the chicken wire glass be strike at some point in the past . a roundish '' spider - webbed '' crack radiate out . salt ( still look ) they kill my husband . and I watch and I do nothing . because of that goddamn vow I take . peabody what ? some kgb vow ? salt CIA . remember ? country , duty , and the great fuck good . ( a painful beat ) I guess I be wire that way . 104 . peabody where would they do it ? where have they kill Mike ? tell I so I can go after Zykov . salt you know why Mike like spider ? it be the web . he know everything about web . he even memorize this poem . and teach it to I . ( finally look at he ) you want to hear it ? peabody ( humoring she ) sure . Salt wipe she eye , start so softly : salt the spider , drop down from twig , unfold a plan of she devise , a thin premeditate rig , to use in rise . and all that journey down through space , in cool descent and loyal heart , she spin a ladder to the place from where she start . thus I , go forth as spider do , in spider 's web a truth discern , attach one silken thread to you , for my return . and despite all he stoic professionalism , peabody 's heart break a little for Salt . she squeeze she eye shut , mourn , body wrack , but no sound come out . as she get control again ... salt ( cont 'd ) it 's a love poem you see ? he tell I that every time I see a spider web , every time , I should remember how much he love I . now we know what Mike tell she before he die . she point back at the spider - webbed glass . salt ( cont 'd ) once you stop look for they , you see they everywhere . peabody I be sorry about he , salt. 105 . she accept it with a nod , do not say anything . peabody ( cont 'd ) but Zykov . give I something . salt his name 's not really Zykov . that 's just what he call himself . peabody then what be it ? help I . silence . absolute dead silence . and suddenly Salt 's jaw tense ... as she grit she tooth and we hear a crack . as peabody react , she smile . salt they give we all this tooth . that 's why I kill Winter . so he could not do it himself . ( shrug ) cyanide . and Salt 's eye roll back white in she head . and she body be wracked in seizure . peabody shit ! his chair fall over as he jump up . CUT to : int . hallway Salt be race down a hallway on a gurney , body strain in convulsion against the strap . peabody alongside she . as a doctor join they from a intersecting hallway . peabody goddamn cyanide . CUT to : int . operating room - night in she come , meet by a team . doctor hydroxocobalamin ! 106 . a nurse hand he a syringe . as he 's about to inject she , Salt grab he wrist , bend it back send he howling . she fake it ! peabody step forward as she pull loose the chest strap . she catch he with a knee as she roll off the gurney . catch he in a headlock up under he windpipe . salt you really care about I ... ( strain ) I be touch . and she ram he head into the wall knock he unconscious . and then she 's through the door further into the hospital , leave the uproar in the or behind she . and as we pan up into the bright white light overhead , leave the sound to fade away , we ... dissolve to : the SUN White and unyield . pan down to : ext . fsb headquarters - the kremlin , moscow - day formerly the kgb , but what 's in a name ? CUT to : int . fsb headquarters - moscow , russia - day a wall paper with a fade floor - to- ceiling tropical scene . a beach with a coconut palm grow out over the water . sitting at he large , pointless desk be Zykov . as he sip a cup of tea , a rap at the door . zykov < enter .> the door open . a underling stick he head in . underling < we have a walk - in . female chinese . she ask to speak to you .> 107 . zykov < to I ? do she speak Russian ?> as the underl shrug . underling < tolerably .> CUT to : int . hallway - - dreary government office - day carry he tea , Zykov stop at the door , look through a little window set in it . a woman sit at the familiar little table , head bow , black hair in a tight bun . Zykov enter , set down he teacup and sit across from she . zykov < how can I help you ?> no answer . Zykov frown . suddenly do not like be in here with whoever this be . he subtly reach under the desk . angle underneath as he press a button under there . he can not see that the wire have be tear out . room the chinese woman finally speak . her voice < it ''s be disabled .> she look up . chinese , though perhaps on the eurasian side . of course Zykov recognize evelyn salt when he see she . a nervous beat then ... zykov have you come to kiss the ring ? she shake she head . no , she have not . something ferocious about she . something vibrant . salt I have come to tell you , that I be free . but he look weary and past it . and as Zykov suddenly move to stand ... Salt leap the table , a war cry on she lip as ... 108 . time slow down . Zykov fall back . Salt in midair . her hand like talon , reach for he throat , just inch away . move forward in increment . we hear the sound of a jet plane landing . a boe 707 . boac in fact . the guitar start . it 's back _in the ussr by the Beatles and this day be not go to end well for comrade Zykov . paul mccartney flew in from Miami Beach boac , do not get to bed last night . on the way the paper bag be on my knee , man I have a dreadful flight -- I be back in the ussr ... and just as she hand reach he throat ... fade out . the end