Salt of the Earth screenplay by Michael Wilson fade in ( before title ) ext . , quintero backyard . medium shot , day . a woman at work chopping wood . though she back be to the camera , we sense she weariness in toil by the set of she shoulder . a five - year- old girl be help the woman , gather kindling . over this scene come the first title . a guitar dominate the musical theme . the motif be grave , nostalgic . ext . , quintero backyard . a series of shot , day . as successive title appear , each be match by a view of the woman at she chore . though at no time do see she face , we begin to gather that she be large with child . the woman carry the load of wood to a outdoor fire , staggering under its weight , the little girl follow with a box of kindling ... the woman feed wood into the fire , on top of which be a washtub ... she scrub clothes in the tub , bow to the work , the little girl watch . she wring out article of clothing , hang they on a clothesline , the little girl help gravely . ext . , quintero backyard . medium close shot , day . as the last title fade , the woman continue hang the wash and for the first time we see she face : a mask of suppression , a chisele yet erode beauty , the eye hood , smolder . at the same time , though she lip do not move , we hear she voice : grave , nostalgic , cadence , like the music of the guitar , inflect the melody of mexican - american speech . woman' voice how shall I begin my story that have no beginning ? medium full shot . the clothes billow in the wind as the woman hang they up . woman' voice my name be esperanza , esperanza quintero . I be a miner 's wife . ext . , front of the quintero cottage . full shot , day . it be a small clapboard dwelling surround by a picket fence . Flowers be bloom outside the fence . Beyond this house similar cottage can be see , strung out along a dirt road . esperanza's voice this be we home . the house be not ours . but the flower ... the flower be ours . ext . , zinc town . vista shot , day . we see several small store , station , scattered frame and shack , and in deep b.g. , a Catholic church . esperanza's voice this be my village . when I be a child , it be call San marcos . fuller vista shot , including the mine on a hilltop . the mine dominate the town like a volcano . its vast cone of waste have engulf most of the vegetation on the hill and seem to threaten the town itself . esperanza's voice the anglos change the name to Zinc town . Zinc town , New Mexico , U.S.A . ext . , church cemetery . medium shot , day . a ancient graveyard beside a Catholic church . esperanza's voice we root go deep in this place , deeper than the pine , deeper than the mine shaft . ext . , countryside . long pan shot , day . we see great scudd cloud and the jag skyline of a mountain spur . the mountain be scar and pitte by old digging . the lower slope be a skirt of waste , the grey powdery residue of a abandon mine . esperanza's voice in this arroyos my great grandfather raise cattle before the anglos ever come . close shot : a sign attached to a fence . it read : property of delaware zinc , inc . vista shot : the zinc mine in the distance . esperanza's voice the land where the mine stand -- that be own by my husband 's own grandfather . closer shot , featuring the mine head . at closer range we see the head frame , power house and administration Building . esperanza's voice now it belong to the company . eighteen year my husband have give to that mine . int . , mine . close shot , ramón quintero at work . he be lighting fuse of dynamite charge which be pack into the rock face of a narrow drift . there be a dozen such fuse . the drift be light only by the lamp on ramón 's hat . esperanza's voice live half he life with dynamite and darkness . close - up : a fuse . it sputter , run . the drift , wider angle to include ramón 's wild face as he turn and run . we see only a bob lamp and the long shadow of a man run . we see a flash of light , hear muffle thunder . ext . , backyard . medium shot , day . esperanza have pause a moment in she work , look off toward the mine with a worried frown . now she pick up the heavy clothes - basket and walk toward the cottage . the little estella be not in sight . esperanza's voice who can say where it begin , my story ? I do not know . but this day I remember as the beginning of a end . int . , quintero kitchen . medium shot , day . it be no more than a narrow passageway , dominate by a ancient wood - burn stove . there be no run water . esperanza set the basket down beside a irone board , pick up a iron from the stove and test it with a moisten finger . esperanza's voice it be my Saint 's Day . I be thirty - five year old . a day of celebration . and I be seven month go with my third child . estella have run into shot , present she mother with a rise . esperanza pin the rise in estella 's hair , with a small smile , then return to she irone . as she iron , she face become more and more desolate . esperanza's voice and on that day -- I remember I have a wish ... a think so sinful ... in a convulsive gesture she finger go to she lip . she drop the iron and hurry from the kitchen . int . , parlor . medium close shot at shrine . we see only a corner of the small cramped parlor where esperanza , with bow head and clench hand , stand before a shrine to the virgin . esperanza's voice ... a think so evil that I pray God to forgive I for it . I wish ... I wish that my child would never be bear . no . not into this world . esperanza cover she face with she hand . the little girl enter scene , stare gravely at she . estella be you sick , mama ? esperanza no , estellita . estella be you sad ? ( as esperanza do not answer ) be we go to church ? for you confession ? esperanza later . when I finish the irone . she go out . full shot : kitchen . as esperanza start irone again , she son lut enter by the back door . a handsome boy of 13 , but now panting and bedraggle , he pour himself a glass of water and gulp it down . esperanza watch he sidelong . esperanza Fighting again ? ( no response . ) with that anglo kid ? luis aah , they think they be tough . esperanza but you promise you would not . luis ( unrepentant ) papa say if a anglo make fun of you to let he have it . esperanza suddenly seize he shoulder , spin he around as if about to slap he , cry simultaneously : esperanza never mind what you papa ... for the first time she ( and we ) see that the boy 's mouth be bleed . her anger be wash away in a wave of concern , and she pick up a cloth and wipe the blood . esperanza hold still ... do it hurt ? luis ( pull away ) naah . he spy a birthday cake on the drainboard , stick he finger in the icing . luis how come the cake ? esperanza grab the cake , put it in the cupboard . esperanza never mind . go get you father when he come off shift . tell he to come straight home . glad to be release , the boy dart off as we : dissolve to : ext . , delaware zinc CO . mine . long shot , day . in deep b.g. stand the head frame of the mine . we hear one shrill blast of a steam whistle , and as this sound die away we hear the rattling hoist and conveyor belt , punctuate occasionally by the loud crash of ore from the bucket into the crusher . in right f.g. stand the administration Building , a long wooden bungalow . moving with a group of miner stride in a body toward the administration Building . they appear angry and determine . ramón quintero be in the lead . the other be Antonio morale , alfredo diaz , sebastian prieto , Jenkins and kalinsky . they all wear tin hat and grimy work clothes . another angle , featuring administration build as Chief Foreman Barton emerge from the superintendent 's office . he wear khaki and a stetson . see the approach miner , he move out to intercept they . group shot : barton and miner . the miner stop as Barton , hand in he hip pocket , block they way . Barton be a rangy Texan with a perpetual half - smile on he lip . ramón , the miner ' spokesman , be rugge , handsome , young in appearance than esperanza , although he be a year older . there be a smolder intensity in he manner and speech . during the follow the boy lut enter scene , come up behind he father . the man ignore he . barton hear you have a little trouble , quintero . defective fuse ? ( ramón nod . ) well , you be all in one piece . so what 's the beef ? ramón you know the beef . this new rule of yours , that we work alone . we be take it up with the Super . barton Super 's busy -- with you negotiatin ' Committee . ramón so much the better . he start off , but Barton block he path again . another angle . barton now wait a minute . Super 's the one make the rule . he be not gonna give you no helper . ramón he will if he want we to go on blast . the other miner step forward in support of ramón . they protest excitedly , they speech overlap . ANTONIO listen , Mr. Barton -- there 's blood in that mine . the blood of my friend . all because they have to work alone ... jenkins that 's how ya get splatter over the rock , when there 's nobody to help you check you fuse ... alfredo ( break in ) and nobody to warn the other man to stay clear . barton warning 's the shift foreman 's job . ramón Foreman want to get the ore out . miner want to get he brother out . in one piece . barton you work alone , savvy ? you can not handle the job , I will find someone who can . ramón who ? a scab ? barton a american . ramón stand there , taut . he exit . dissolve to : int . , kitchen of quintero cottage . full shot , evening . esperanza enter from the parlor with some dirty dish follow by estella , who carry she own plate . as esperanza pick up the coffee pot , she spy estella hold a candle over the frosting of the cake on the drainboard . estella mama , can I put the candle ... esperanza ( a fierce whisper ) hush ... not a word about the cake , hear ? int . , parlor . full shot . the room be small , cramped . the plaster wall be crack and peel . most of the furnishings be fade and old . nevertheless , the cottage be tidy and give evidence of considerable care . a dilapidate couch be cover with a fine mexican blanket . in one corner of the room stand a shrine to the virgin . a vase of fresh - cut flower stand on the mantlepiece beneath a frame portrait of benito juárez . the only item of splendor in the room be a high - polished radio-phonograph console . over scene we hear a tin-pan - alley compost of " western " music sung by cowboy entertainer . ramón sit with lut at a small table near the kitchen door . esperanza enter with the coffee pot , pour he coffee . estella follow she , climb onto she father 's lap . luis papa ... be there gonna be a strike ? ramón ignore the question , brood . esperanza , who would also like to hear a answer , watch he face as he sip he coffee . esperanza ( finally , timidly ) ramón ... I do not like to bother you ... but the store lady say if we do not make a payment on the radio this month , they will take it away . ramón 's forehead fall against he upraise palm , as if to say it 's too much to bear . the little girl look at he gravely . esperanza we be only one payment behind . I argue with she . it be not right . ramón ( softly , implore heaven ) it be not right , she say . be it right that we buy this ... this instrument ? he rise , hold estella . ramón but you have to have it , do not you ? it be so nice to listen esperanza ( quietly ) I listen to it . every night . when you be out to the beer parlor . ignoring this mild rebuke , ramón cross to the radio . camera pan with he . he glare at the console , mimick a announcer 's commercial . ramón " no money down . easy term payment . " I tell you something : this installment plan , it 's the curse of the work man . he slam he coffee cup down on the console , set he daughter down and go to the kitchen . esperanza quickly polish the console where he strike it . int . , kitchen . medium close shot . ramón strip to the waist , pour some water from the tub on the stove into a pan on the drainboard . esperanza appear in the doorway , watch he she heart sink . her finger go to she lip in a characteristic gesture . esperanza where you go ? ramón get to talk to the brother . esperanza bite she finger , try to hide she disappointment . ramón bend over the pan to wash . he have not notice the cake . esperanza pick it up quickly , hide it in a cupboard . ramón splashes he face and neck with water , look up in irritation . ramón this water 's cold again . esperanza I be sorry . the fire 's go out . she begin to stoke the stove . ramón forget it . esperanza forget it ? I chop wood for the stove five time a day . every time I remember . I remember that across the track the anglo miner have hot water in pipe . and bathroom . Inside . ramón ( bitterly ) do you think I like live this way ? what do you want of I ?! he reach for a towel . esperanza hand he one . esperanza but if you union ... if you be ask for better condition ... why can not you ask for decent plumbing , too ? frustrate , evasive , ramón turn away , buttone he shirt . ramón we do . it get lose in the shuffle . esperanza what ? ramón ( shrugging ) we can not get everything at once . right now we have get more important demand . esperanza ( timidly ) what 's more important than sanitation ? ramón ( flaring ) the safety of the man -- that 's more important ! five accident this week -- all because of speed - up . you be a woman , you do not know what it 's like up there . she bow she head without answer and pick up the heavy tub of water on the stove . unassist , she lug it to the dishpan in the sink and fill it . ramón begin to comb he hair , add in a more subdued tone : ramón first we get to get equality on the job . then we will work on this other thing . leave it to the man . esperanza ( quietly ) I see . the man . you will strike , maybe , for you demand -- but what the wife want , that come later , always later . ramón ( darkly ) now do not start talk against the union again . esperanza ( a shrug of defeat ) what have it get I , you union ? ramón look at she in amazement , not with anger , but with deep concern . ramón esperanza , have you forget what it be like before the union come ? ( point toward parlor . ) when estella be a baby , and we could not even afford a doctor when she get sick ? it be for we family ! we meet in graveyard to build that union ! esperanza ( lapsing into despair ) all right . have you strike . I will have my baby . but no hospital will take I , because I will be a striker 's wife . the store will cut off we credit , and the kid will go hungry . and we will get behind on the payment again , and then they will come and take away the radio ... ramón ( furiously ) be that all you care about ? that radio ? can not you think of anything except yourself ? esperanza ( break ) if I think of myself it 's because you never think of I . never. never. never ... reverse angle , shoot toward parlor . she cover she face with she hand , begin to sob violently . ramón seize she arm , shake she . in b.g. we see the two child , still at table . ramón stop it ! the child be watch . stop it ! esperanza ( sobbing uncontrollably ) never ... never ... never ! ramón aaah , what 's the use ? he drop she arm abruptly , almost fling she aside , and stalk out of the kitchen , out of the house . esperanza remain lean against the cupboard , sobbing . camera hold . the boy lut rise from the table , come to the kitchen door , look at he mother . then he , too , turn and leave the house . quick dissolve to : ext . , Beer parlor , zinc town . full shot , night . the place be light by a neon sign . from within we hear a juke box play ersatz mexican music . the boy approach the door , pause and e " enter . int . , Beer parlor . full shot , night . it be nondescript , small , dingy , dimly light , indistinguishable from a hundred other small - town bar . a half dozen miner , include Antonio morale , sebastian prieto , and alfredo diaz stand at the bar rail , drink beer . the bartender be a anglo . we hear : we know it 's not safe for miner to work alone ! the boss will always tell you thing like that ! lut have reach a post near a table at the far end of the room . four man be seat around the table : sal Ruiz , Frank barne , charley vidal and ramón -- whose back be to camera . sal be drink coffee ; the other three be drink beer . lut stop and , as camera move in on group , we pick up : ramón ( angrily ) they do not work alone in other mine ! anglos always work in pair . so why should I risk my life ? because I be only a mexican ? sal and charley but that 's in the demand ... we be negotiate ... ramón Three month of negotiation ! and nothing happen ! ( indicate Frank . ) even with brother barne here from the International , what have we get ? ( tick they off . ) no raise . no seniority . no safety code . nothing . reverse angle , shoot toward ramón . the boy lut can be see in b.g. , but everyone ignore he . during the previous speech sebastian prieto and Antonio morale have approach the table . Antonio set a fresh bottle of beer before ramón . ANTONIO take a drink . calm down ! ramón ( to Frank , ignore Antonio ) I say we gotta take action . now . frank Rest of the man feel like you ? ramón glance over he shoulder at the stand miner . sebastian glance uncertainly at Antonio . ANTONIO ( firmly ) he speak for all of we . charley ever stop to think maybe they want we to strike ? ramón do not horse I . price of zinc 's never be higher . they do not want no strike -- not with they war boom on . frank then why 's the company hang tough ? they have sign contract with other local -- why not this one ? ramón ( strike the table ) because most of we here be mexican- Americans ! because we want equality with anglo miner -- the same pay , the same condition . frank exactly . and equality 's the one thing the boss can not afford . the biggest club they have over the anglo local be , " well -- at least you get more than the mexican . " ramón okay , so discrimination hurt the anglo too , but it hurt I more . and I have have enough of it ! sal but you do not pull a strike when the boss want it -- so they can smash you union . you wait till you be ready , so you can win . ramón do the boss wait ? no sanitation . so my kid get sick . do the company doctor wait ? twenty buck . so we miss one payment on the radio I buy for my wife . do the company store wait ? " pay -- or we take it away . " why they in such a hurry , the boss ' store ? they be try to scare we , that 's why -- to make we afraid to move . to hang on to what we get -- and like it ! well , I do not like it I be not scared ... and I be feed up -- to here ! his hand go a foot over he head . ANTONIO hey ramón -- the buscan ! with a jerk of he head he indicate lut . ramón turn around , spot he son . he rise , frown , and move toward he . two shot : ramón and luis . ramón ( roughly ) what be you do here ? ( suddenly worried . ) something wrong with mama ? luis ( deadpan ) I think maybe you forget ... ramón forget what ? luis it 's mama 's Saint 's Day . ramón be stunne , as though from a slap across the face . at last he work up a travesty of a grin . ramón you think I forget ? I be plan a surprise ... ramón turn back to the man . camera follows he , holding on the group . ramón ( chuckle ) what a kid . he can not wait . it 's my wife 's Saint 's Day . I be gonna ask you , brother -- how about a mañanita , huh ? ad lib ( eagerly ) sure . what time ? the later the better ... wait will she 's asleep ... dissolve to : ext . , quintero cottage . full shot , night . no light be visible in the cottage , or in that adjoin it . a cluster of man , woman and child can be see in the front yard , serenade by moonlight . the song be call " Las mañanitas . " two of the man be strumm guitar . closer angle : the serenader . they include ramón and lut , Antonio and luz morale , sal and consuelo Ruiz , charley and Teresa vidal , Frank and Ruth barne , alfredo diaz and he wife , sebastian prieto and a silver - haire old lady of great dignity , Mrs. Salazar . the child range from 2 to 15 , and there be many of they . except for the youngest they sing as lustily as they parent . int . , bedroom , quintero house . full shot , night . the small bedroom be partition by a screen , separate the child 's cot from the parent ' bed . a crucifix hang over the bed . the room be feebly light by one small lamp . esperanza lie in bed , a arm flung across she eye . the sound of the sing come faintly over scene . camera move in slowly on esperanza . her arm fall to she side . she open she eye . she listen , motionless . another angle : the bedroom as estella emerge from behind the screen and climb onto she mother 's bed , with a kind of sleepy - eye wonder . estella why be they sing , mama ? esperanza they be sing for I . estella can we light the candle now ? on the cake ? esperanza ( smile ) yes . we will light the candle . suddenly she fling back the bed cover , reach for a dress gown and put it on . ext . , quintero cottage . full shot , night . the light come up in the parlor . the front door open , revealing esperanza and estella . they smile , remain in the open doorway as the serenader go into a final chorus . the song end in laughter and applause . they swarm into the house . int . , parlor . full shot , night . a merry bedlam , with esperanza receive she guest . sal Ruiz start up a bawdy folk song on he guitar . he be urge on by charley vidal 's wild falsetto . Antonio lug a case of beer into the house and immediately start uncapping it , pass foam bottle to everyone . the woman gather around esperanza , embrace she , wishing she a happy birthday in English and Spanish . ramón be the last to enter . closer angle , featuring esperanza and ramón confront one another in the center of the room . ramón gaze at she in silence , repentant . she return he gaze , for the moment oblivious of she guest , who gracefully withdraw from the situation . esperanza 's eye fill with tear , she smile tremulously , and she finger go to she lip . esperanza I ... I must get dress . she flee from the room . ramón follow she , gesture to man to keep on with they sing . int . , bedroom . two shot : ramón and esperanza . he put he arm around she , tentatively . her forehead fall against he shoulder . esperanza I do not mean to weep again . why should I weep for joy ? ramón I be a fool . esperanza no , no ... she raise she head , brush she cheek against he . esperanza be it expensive , the beer ? ramón Antonio pay for it . esperanza forgive I ... for say you never think of I . ramón ( with effort ) I do forget . lut tell I . grateful for he honesty , she pull he head down , kiss he . he return she kiss passionately . dissolve to : a montage , showing esperanza chopping wood outside she kitchen door . the carefree guitar music of the mañanita carry over scene -- and esperanza pause in she labor , seem to hear it again . esperanza's voice all the next week I keep think about my mañanita . I have never have so nice a party ... the image on the screen give way to another as esperanza recollect the occasion : we see esperanza and estella blow out the candle the birthday cake , surround they beam guest . esperanza's voice it be like a song run through my mind , a hum in my heart , a daydream to lighten the long day ' work ... ext . , quintero backyard . close shot : esperanza bend over a large tub , scrubbing clothes . she pause , smile reflectively . esperanza's voice we forget we trouble at the mañanita -- even ramón ... a new image be superimposed on the screen . now we see ramón dance with consuelo Ruiz , while esperanza look on , smile . esperanza's voice I could not dance that night -- not in my condition . but I be not really jealous when he dance with the other ... because it be good just to see he smile again ... ext . , quintero yard , clothesline . full shot , day . esperanza and luz be hang clothes and talk across the fence between they . they two child be play together in f.g . esperanza's voice and then one morning I be hang out my wash . another angle : the yard , shoot toward front gate . in deep b.g. we see three woman enter the morale yard and approach luz . they beckon to esperanza . esperanza's voice and while we be talk the lady come . they be a kind of delegation . it be about the sanitation , they say ... closer angle : the group at fence as esperanza come over . throughout this scene the two child climb up , down and sideways on the fence in a intricate little geometric dance . luz go on hang up she clothes . we see the delegation talk earnestly to esperanza and luz but we hear only : esperanza's voice the anglo miner have bathroom and hot run water , consuelo say , why should not we ? esperanza ( sighing ) I know , I speak to ramón about it -- only a week ago . RUTH and what do he say ? esperanza they drop it from they demand . consuelo ( sigh ) es lo de siempre . teresa ( the militant ) we get to make they understand -- make the man face up to it . ( to Ruth ) show she the sign . another angle : the group as Ruth lift up a placard , hitherto unseen , which she have be hold at she side . it read : we want sanitation not discrimination consuelo we will make a lot of sign like this . then we will get all the wife together and go right up to the mine . esperanza to the mine ? teresa sure . where they be negotiate . in the company office . we will go up there and picket the place . consuelo then both side will see we mean business . esperanza ( thunderstruck ) a picket line ? of ... of lady ? RUTH sure . why not ? luz fling a pair of damp pants on the clothes line without hang they up . luz you can count I in . esperanza ( scandalize ) luz ! luz listen , we ought to be in the wood chopper ' union . chop wood for breakfast . chop wood to wash he clothes . chop wood , heat the iron . chop wood , scrub the floor . chop wood , cook he dinner . and you know what he will say when he get home ... ( mimics Antonio ) " what you be do all day ? reading the funny papers ? " the woman laugh softly -- all except esperanza . teresa come on , esperanza -- how about it ? we get to . esperanza no . no. I can not . if ramón ever find I on a picket line ... her voice trail off . consuelo he would what ? beat you ? esperanza no ... no ... suddenly we hear , from far off , five short blast of a steam whistle . the woman fall silent instantly , listen . then it come again . five short blast . ext . , mine head . long shot , day . we can see little puff`s of steam from the whistle on the head frame , and again we hear five short blast . back to the women freeze , apprehensive . luz expel the word that have already cross they mind . luz ... accidente ... she grab she son from off the fence and hurry with he to the gate and out on to the road . the other begin to follow , as though magnetize . the signal continue over : a series of shot , showing woman emerge from they house , look off at the mine . woman strung out along the dirt road lend to the mine . esperanza , slowed down by she unborn child , tagging along behind , hold estella 's hand . ext . , mine head . medium long shot , day . Men be scurrying toward the head frame from all direction . two of they carry a stretcher . at this distance the whistle blast be much louder . ext . , administration office . medium long shot , day . the union negotiator , Ruiz , vidal and barne , emerge from the company office and walk swiftly toward the mine head . superintendent Alexander and two company man follow . ext . , road leading toward mine . long panning shot . a ancient , dusty ambulance , its siren wail , bounce along the narrow road lead to the mine . the advance woman make way for it . ext . head frame of mine . medium shot , at hoist . a cluster of miner wait tensely around the hoist as the cage rise to ground level . several miner wear tin hat be crowded inside the cage , but they face be so grimy we can not make out who they be . medium long shot : women and child who have stop on a little knoll at some distance from the mine head . they be look down at : the mine head , from there angle . so many man gather around the injure man or man that we can still not distinguish they . but we see a body place on a stretcher . two man carry it toward the wait ambulance . back to women . close group shot . one woman break away and plunge down the hill . the other heave a collective sigh -- a sigh of relief , anguish , compassion . luz it 's Mr. kalinsky . rear of ambulance . medium shot . a large number of miner be milling about . the injure man be lift into the ambulance and the door be shut . just then Mrs. kalinsky run up . she pound on the door . mrs . kalinsky ( hysterically ) let I see he ! let I see he ! several miner try to calm she . they lead she away as the ambulance start up . ad lib now Mrs. kalinsky , he 's gonna be all right ... his leg 's break , that 's all ... come on now , you can see he in the hospital ... the milling crowd . another angle as superintendent Alexander come up to the chief foreman . ramón be close by . he be dirty , sweat , furious . alexander how do it happen ? barton he wander into a drift -- when this fellow be blast . he indicate ramón . ramón ( seethe ) I tell you it would happen . it 's bound to happen when a man work alone ! alexander ( to ramón ) why do not you give a warning signal ? ramón ( indicate Barton , bitterly ) you foreman say that 's a foreman 's job . barton I check the drift just before he blast . it be all clear ... the man must have be asleep or something . ramón you be not even there . you be back at the station . kalinsky tell I ... barton ( softly ) you be a liar , pancho . a no - good , dirty ... ramón lunge at he . Barton fend he off . ramón keep boring in , but sal Ruiz and Frank barne grab he . we hear a angry bedlam . ad lib ( in Spanish and English ) déjame ! I will kill he ! hold he ! hold he ! ... basta , ramón ! all right , all right . break it up ... alexander ( point at ramón ) you , there . get a hold on yourself . a man 's be hurt . I be as sorry about it as you be . savvy ? ramón finally quiet down . by now the miner have form a rag phalanx in b.g . the three union negotiator , ramón , the superintendent and the Chief Foreman form a group in f.g. Alexander speak to all of they . alexander accident be costly to everyone -- and to the company most of all . ( glance at he watch ) and now , I see no reason to treat the occasion like a pay holiday . suppose we all get back to work . he take a couple of step , stop , note that no one have move . alexander ( a order ) Mr. Barton . barton ( a bluff approach ) all right , fellow , the excitement 's over . let 's get to it . Barton start toward the mine head . but the man do not move . faintly we hear muttering in Spanish from the miner ' rank . ad lib ...' hora . ... sí , yo creo que sí . another angle , featuring alexander . alexander ( exasperate , to vidal ) what be they say ? charley no savvy . alexander ( turn to Frank ) well , barne ? how about it ? tell they to get back to work . frank ( grin ) they do not work for I . I work for they . alexander ( sharply ) Ruiz ? wider angle shoot toward miner . sal Ruiz take he time . he light a cigarette . then he call out in Spanish : sal it 's up to you , brother . a murmur run through the rank , " si , si . " several miner glance at ramón . suddenly ramón wheel , stride toward the power house , which be adjacent to the head frame of the mine . pass through the miner 's rank , he bellow at the top of he lung : ramón cente ! ext . , power house . close shot , at door . as the man name cente ( vicente ) stick he head out the doorway of a galvanize tin shack , we hear a yell from off scene . ramkn' voice apágalo ! cente 's head disappear . a control board . close shot contain several big industrial circuit breaker . cente 's hand come up , pull the switch . ext . , head frame , featuring crusher . the gigantic primary crusher , with rock rattling around in it , suddenly stop . ext . , head frame : at conveyor carry small lump of ore from the crusher . the belt stop . back to men . full shot . the stillness be vast and sudden . ramón walk back to the mass rank of he fellow miner . he halt beside Antonio at the end of the file . no one else move or speak . closer angle : the miner ' rank . Antonio nudge ramón , indicate , something o.s . ramón 's head turn , look off scene . one by one , the head of the other miner turn , glance o.s . medium shot : foreman and superintendent stand before the silent miner . Barton realize that the man be not look at he , but at something above and beyond he . Barton look over he shoulder . Alexander slowly follow suit . from there angle , long shot : the women and child stand on the knoll above the mine . they be silent and grave . the woman 's skirt billow in the wind , like unfurl flag , like the tatter banner of a guerrilla band that have come to offer its service to the regular army . fade out . fade in : close - up : a license plate . it be a New Mexico plate , and though it be night we can make out clearly the word on the white background on the plate : land of enchantment camera pull back slowly to disclose cowboy boot perch on a car bumper . camera pull back further , disclosing a khaki-clad leg , a pearl - handle revolver in a holster -- then the full figure of a deputy lean on the fender of he car . he be pick he tooth with a matchstick and gaze at : ext . , union hall , shoot past sheriff' car , night . the car be park provocatively near the entrance to the building . a sign over the doorway , light by reflector , identify the place as the union hall . from within we hear the mute tumult of a pack house . in near f.g. be another park car contain several woman and child . esperanza's voice that night the man hold a union meeting ... just to make the walk - out official . suddenly we hear a roar of applause from inside the hall . the door open ; lut and a tow-headed youngster come bound out , run toward the car , camera panning with they . esperanza's voice it do not take they long . they vote to strike -- 93 to 5 . we see the car door open : Ruth barne and Teresa emerge from the front seat ; consuelo , hold a sleep infant , get out of the back . esperanza be the last to appear . estella be asleep in she arm . esperanza's voice ... and Teresa say now be the time for we to go in . I do not want to ... I have never be to a union meeting . but the other say , one go , all go ... we see the woman coax esperanza . she follow they reluctantly toward the union hall . full shot , night : int . , union hall as see from the entrance . a hundred miner be pack densely on the center block of bench , face the union officer in b.g. sal Ruiz be preside ; Frank barne sit at the table beside he . charley vidal stand near the chairman , deliver a impassion speech . charley vidal we have many complaint , brother , and many demand . but they all add up to one word : Equality ! over sound track we hear the Spanish of charley 's speech , but it be modulate to : esperanza's voice the meeting be nearly over when we come in . charley vidal be make a speech . he say there be only one issue in this strike -- equality . but the mine owner would stop at nothing to keep they from get equality . the hall . another angle , including the women . the man be so intent on charley vidal 's speech that they do not notice the entrance of the woman , who tip - toe unobtrusively to the side of the room where they take seat on the unoccupy wall bench . estella wake up , blink in the bright light . the hall . full shot , featuring charley . esperanza's voice he say the boss would try to split the anglo and mexican - american worker and offer reward to one man if he would sell out he brother ... there be only one answer to that , charley say -- solidarity . the solidarity of work man . charley conclude he speech . charley vidal to all this , brother , there be only one answer , the solidarity of work man ! he sit down to loud applause which come up over sound track . sal Ruiz rise , bang he gavel . group shot : the women . Ruth and Teresa nudge consuelo , try to get she to rise -- but consuelo , frighten , cling to she sleep infant . Ruth grab the baby and Teresa practically push consuelo to she foot . wider angle , shoot past sal , including women . charley vidal pluck at sal 's sleeve , point in the direction of the woman . sal yes ? you lady have a announcement ? consuelo ( haltingly ) well -- it 's not a announcement , I guess . the lady want I to ... voice from the floor louder ! sal consuelo , will you speak from over here ? painfully self -conscious , consuelo move toward camera in f.g . she face the man and begin again , nervous , but try to speak louder . consuelo the lady have be talk about sanitation ... and we be think ... if the issue be equality , like you say it be , then maybe we ought to have equality in plumbing too ... close group shot : miner . some appear resentful of the woman 's intrusion ; other seem amused . Antonio whisper something to alfredo . alfredo laugh . frown , ramón look around at esperanza , as he might look at a woman who enter church uncover . consuelo' voice I mean , maybe it could be a strike demand ... and some of the lady think -- it might be a good idea to have a lady auxiliary ! well , we would like to help out .. . if we can ... full shot : the hall , featuring consuelo . we hear mild , scattered applause , and then a male falsetto giggle set off a wave of laughter . Ruiz rise , grin sheepishly . consuelo hurry back to she seat . camera hold . sal I be sure I can speak for all of the brother . we appreciate the lady offer to help , but it 's get late and I suggest we table it . the chair will entertain a motion to adjourn . first miner ( from the floor ) move to adjourn ! second miner second ! sal so order . he bring down he gavel , and the meeting end . some of the miner break for the door , other begin to mill about . Ruth and consuelo walk to the front of the hall . now , in quick succession we see four vignettes : two shot : sal and consuelo . he meet she near the speaker 's table , fling out he arm in a helpless gesture . sal why do not you check with I ? it 's embarrassing ! two shot : RUTH and frank . she lean across the speaker 's table before Frank can rise and remark acidly : RUTH why do not you support she ? you be the worst of the lot . frank but honey ... RUTH or why do not you just put a sign outside ? " no dog or woman allow ! " another part of the hall . charley and teresa . charley but , Teresa , you can not push this thing too fast . teresa ( fiercely ) you be push all right -- push we right back in we place . esperanza and ramón , near doorway . esperanza be hold estella , who be asleep again . ramón be at the rear of a group of miner filing out of the hall . as two of the miner pass camera , we hear one say to the other : first miner that 's a pretty good idea -- make sanitation one of the demand again . as ramón move into f.g. , he indicate with the slight of gesture for esperanza to follow . she obey . ext . , union hall . medium panning shot , night . ramón emerge from the hall , move to a corner of the building in f.g. esperanza join he there in the darkness . ramón speak softly . ramón at least you do not make a fool of yourself -- like consuelo . slow dissolve to : ext . , picket line . long establishing shot . this panorama should be as inclusive as the location site permit . thirty or more miner march counter - clockwise on a dirt road . Beyond this elliptical picket line on either side of the road be two sign : delaware zinc co. , inc . keep out miner on strike we want EQUALITY though the area be unfence , this sign mark a imaginary boundary . but access to the mine be difficult except by way of the road . to the right of the road be a steep wood hillside . the road skirt this hill till it reach the mountain of waste in deep b.g. , then wind uphill to the knoll on which the mine stand . to the leave of the road be a railroad spur and a gully . the gully be bridge by trestle , beyond which a fork of the road lead to Zinc town . two sheriff 's car be park on the road near the picket post . no woman be visible in this scene . esperanza's voice and so it begin -- much like any other strike . there would be no settlement , the company say , till the man return to they job . but they back - to- work movement do not work . wipe to : the picket line . closer angle . two open touring car load with strike - breaker slowly approach the picket line . the lead car stop before this human wall . the picket make no menace gesture , but they be ominous in mass silence . esperanza's voice and so the company recruit a few strike - breaker from out of town . we see the lead car make a u-turn and withdraw the way it come . it be follow by the second car . esperanza's voice but they usually lose they nerve when they see the size of the picket line . another angle , featuring sheriff' car park near the picket line . a half - dozen deputy stand around idly . they be khaki-clad , boot , wear they stetson with the brim roll up . they display they side - arm ostentatiously , they holster hang low in the fashion of storybook gunman . esperanza's voice the sheriff 's man be always there . they stand around , show off they weapon . but the man only march , day after day , week after week ... wipe to : ext . , road , outside quintero cottage . full shot , day . charley vidal and another miner stand in the back of a pick - up , distribute ration to esperanza and luz morale . the small sack contain bean , corn meal , coffee , etc . esperanza's voice at first it be a kind of unwritten rule that the woman stay at home . the union give we ration and we have to figure out how to feed we family on they ... ext . , picket line . medium shot , day . there be fewer picket now , and the miner , weary of the monotony , march in a more leisurely fashion . we see Mrs. Salazar ( the old lady introduce at the mañanita ) stand close by the picket line . she be crochet . ramón , the picket captain , and other miner glance uncomfortably at she . esperanza's voice but then one morning Mrs. Salazar go to the picket line . her husband have be kill in a strike many year before ... and she want to be there . wipe to : the picket line . matching shot , on another day . Mrs. Salazar be now march with the man . she be still crochet . her expression of calm determination be unchange . esperanza's voice nobody remember just how it happen , but one day Mrs. Salazar start march with they ... and she keep on march with they . wipe to : the picket post . another angle . we see Teresa vidal stand beside a old jalopy , pour a cup of coffee for she husband . esperanza's voice after a while some of the woman begin to bring coffee for they husband ... and maybe a couple of taco -- because a man get tired and hungry on picket duty ... wipe to : the picket . group shot . several picket gape ravenously at Antonio as he bite into the taco give he by luz . esperanza's voice it be about that time the union decide maybe they would better set up a lady auxiliary after all . wipe to : the picket post . another angle and another day . a number of miner have turn carpenter , erecting a shack of scrap lumber and galvanize tin close by the picket line . several woman have set up a table outside the unfinish shack on which we see a pot of bean , a coffee pot , etc . esperanza be not among they . wipe to : ext . , coffee shack . medium shot , day . the shack be now complete . we see ramón approach the doorway , where a woman hand he a cup of coffee . he taste it , make a wry face . esperanza's voice I do not come to the line at first . my time be near -- and besides , ramón do not approve . but ramón be a man who love good coffee . and he swore the other lady make it taste like zinc sludge ... wipe to : matching shot : the coffee shack , featuring esperanza . stand in the doorway , she pregnancy be more evident than ever . but she face be alight with one of she rare smile as she pour a cup of coffee and hand it to ramón . estella can be see peek out from behind she mother 's skirt . esperanza's voice so one day I make the coffee ... camera pan with ramón as he stroll back toward the picket line , sip he coffee . group shot at picket line . the man be not march now , but stand in group on the road . kalinsky be among they , on crutch , he leg in a cast . ramón take a sheet of paper from he shirt pocket and check it . ramón now let 's see ... who 's miss ? prieto , sebastian . prieto ? second miner have not see he for two day . jenkins ( enter scene , grin ) hey , ramón -- listen to this . the chief foreman come to I last night , say he would make I shift foreman if I would start a back - to - work movement . " Jenkins , " he say , " why string along with they tamale eater ? " I just tell he I come to like tamale fine . the man laugh , ramón smile , but the look he give Jenkins be tinged with speculative suspicion . just then a patrol of three miner lead by alfredo diaz enter scene from the hillslope . alfredo report to ramón . he be breathe hard . alfredo two scab get through on the other side of the hill . we chase the rest back . ramón recognize they ? alfredo ( shaking head ) anglos . from out of town . but they be not miner -- I could tell that . they do not know zinc from shinola . ramón okay . take five . get yourself some coffee . as the three man of the patrol walk off to the coffee shack , one of the miner on the picket line call out : first miner hey , ramón , here come the super ... ext . , winding road . long shot : picket ' angle . on the road from Zinc town , across the trestle , we see a shiny new cadillac crawl along the dusty road . it draw to a stop some distance away . close shot : cadillac . superintendent Alexander sit at the wheel . beside he be George hartwell , a company representative from New York . hartwell be impeccably dress in a gabardine suit and Panama hat . he peer over Alexander 's shoulder as the superintendent point out : alexander you can get the best view of the layout from here . that 's they main picket line . they have another post on the back road , and rove patrol ... reverse panning shot : there angle , show the sheriff 's car , the picket line , the unfence hill , and the mountain of waste beyond it . hartwell' voice on company property ? why do not you have they throw off ? alexander's voice but it 's all company property , Mr. hartwell -- the store , the housing area , everything . where do you throw they ? and who do the throw ? Alexander nod , shift the car into gear , and they move off . ext . , road . medium long shot : the moving cadillac . it make the bend , come on up the hill and stop again near the sheriff 's car , which be park some thirty pace from the picket line . the sheriff walk toward the cadillac . close shot : cadillac as the sheriff come up to Alexander 's side of the car . the sheriff have the appearance and speech of a New mexican rancher , which he be . he touch he stetson in a gesture of respect . sheriff mornin ' . alexander how 's it go ? sheriff well , that new fellow you hire from out of town -- we bring them up here in a truck this morning , but they take one look at that picket line and turn tail . hartwell ( look at picket ) they do not look so rough to I . sheriff ( skeptically ) well , Mr. hartwell , they have get some pretty tough hombre , 'specially that picket captain there -- what 's he name ... Ray , Raymond something - or-other ... alexander oh yes . I know that one . he shift into gear and drive off . the sheriff touch he stetson courteously . back to picket line . the man be march now , move in a tight ellipse across the road . kalinsky hobble along beside they on he crutch . ramón stand in the middle of the road , face the picket line , he back to the approach cadillac . he lecture the man with mock severity . ramón now why do not you let this gentleman pass ? do not you know who 's in that car ? ANTONIO ( shouting ) it 's the paymaster from Moscow -- with we gold . ramón no , no , it 's the president of the company himself -- come all the way out here to make Jenkins general manager . so why you act so mean ? the miner grin as they march , one of they slapping Jenkins on the back . int . , cadillac . two shot , through windshield . the car be halt again , and the picket line can be see in b.g. Alexander be use to this treatment , but hartwell be annoyed . hartwell be not they go to let we pass ? alexander eventually . this be just a little ritual to impress we with they power . hartwell childish . alexander well , they be like child in many way . sometimes you have to humor they , sometimes you have to spank they -- and sometimes you have to take they food away . ( point off scene . ) here come the one we be talk about . we see ramón leave the picket line and come toward the car . he be still sip he coffee . Alexander chuckle . alexander he 's quite a character . claim he grandfather once own the land where the mine be now . both man laugh . another angle : at car as ramón come up . he lean down and peer inside . ramón ( politely ) want to go up to you office , Mr. Alexander ? alexander ( a half - smile ) naturally . you think I park here for a cup of coffee ? ramón you be welcome to one . alexander no thanks . ramón ( glance at hartwell ) the man would like to know who this gentleman be . alexander that 's none of they affair . hartwell ( quickly ) that 's all right -- it 's no secret . my name 's hartwell . I be from the company 's Eastern office . ramón you mean delaware ? hartwell no. New York . ramón ( with mock awe ) New York ? you be not the company President by any chance ? hartwell ( smile faintly ) no ... ramón too bad . the men've always want to get a look at the President . ( eagerly ) but you have come out here to settle the strike ? hartwell ( shrugging ) well , if that 's possible ... ramón it 's possible . just negotiate . hartwell ( coolly , to Alexander ) be we talk to a union spokesman ? alexander not exactly . but I wish he be one . he know more about mining than that pie-card we have have to deal with . hartwell be unprepare for Alexander 's gambit -- but a mask fall suddenly over ramón 's face . Alexander look at ramón , continue with all the sincerity he can muster . alexander I mean it . I know you work record . you be in line for foreman when this trouble start -- do you know that ? you have a real future with this company , but you let that reds stir you up . and now they will sell you down the river . why do not you wake up , Ray ? ( a pause ) that 's you name , be not it , Ray ? ramón no . my name be quintero . mister quintero . there be a moment 's silence . Alexander compress he lip , chagrine at the rebuff . alexander be you go to let we pass -- or do I have to call the sheriff ? ramón there 's nothing stop you . he step back , indicate . the road , from there angle . the road be clear . the picket be no longer march , but be line up face each other on both side of the road . we hear the cadillac accelerate . it plunge forward into scene , move on past the picket in a cloud of dust . ramón come into scene , move toward the picket post . he bellow at the miner : ramón I be wrong ! they do not want Jenkins for general manager -- they want I ! the man laugh , re-form in group on the road . ext . , coffee shack . medium shot . ramón , grin , stroll over to esperanza , who be stand in the doorway . ramón you shoulda hear that guy . what a line ! I be up for foreman , he say . fíjate ! esperanza smile , then suddenly wince . her hand go to she midriff . ramón be alarmed . ramón what 's the matter ? esperanza ( smile again ) it 's nothing . just a little catch ... she take estella by the hand and start to walk down the road toward the sheriff 's car . ramón escort she . camera pan with they . suddenly we hear from very far off a boy 's voice call : voice papa ! papa ! over here ! ramón ( look hack ) be that lut ? what 's he do ? play hookey again ? the wooded hill . long shot from there angle . in a thicket of juniper far up the slope we can make out two boy : lut and a comrade of the same age . they be wave they arm frantically . ramón walk into scene in f.g. , cup he hand , bellow : ramón lut ! come down here ! luis ( barely audible ) papa ! we see them ! two scab ! over there ! closer angle : luis and companion . second boy ( point ) they be hide in the gully . over there ! back to picket post . the miner be try to spot the scab . they mill about restlessly , all talk at once : ad lib qué dijo ? he 's spot two scab ... where ? over in the gully ... come on , let 's get them ... ramón ( yell ) hold it , brother ! you -- Antonio -- alfredo -- cente -- you come with I . the rest stay on the line . the four man set off at a run on the road parallel the railroad track . camera hold . esperanza come into scene in f.g . she call in exasperation : esperanza lut ! lut ! come back here ! esperanza walk on , pass through the picket line . the hillside . long shot , as lut and he companion run diagonally down the slope . the gully . long panning shot . two figure scramble out of the gully . they run toward the railroad track , cross it and head for the uphill road to the mine . long panning shot : ramón and he men run , fan out , try to cut off the strike- breaker . cente make for the track . ramón stay on the road . Antonio and alfredo dart up the hill . group shot : at sheriff' car . the deputy have rouse themselves . the sheriff smile , give they a sign . four deputy climb into a sedan and drive off . closer angle : the two strikebreakers run . one of they , a blond anglo , stop suddenly , then run back the way he come . camera follows the other man . he reach the road lead up through the mountain of waste to the mine . back to esperanza far behind the other , but come on steadily , walk alone , as though in a trance . the winding road . higher up . Antonio emerge onto the road above the strike - breaker , cut he off . the strike - breaker : shoot toward waste heap . he veer off the road , try to evade he pursuer by climb the steep pile of waste , but make no headway in the powdery dust . slip , claw , he create a small avalanche , plunge back to the road below . the road , near foot of waste heap . the strike - breaker come tumble down , scramble to he foot , run back toward the track . camera pan with he . cente suddenly appear , block he way . then ramón appear , trapping the strike- breaker on the railroad trestle . the two miner advance slowly toward he . closer angle : at trestle . the strike - breaker stand there , panting , terrify . we be close enough now to recognize he . it be sebastian prieto . reverse angle , shoot toward ramón who stop , stunne by this unexpected betrayal . ramón ( panting ) prieto ... sebastian prieto ... he come on slowly toward sebastian . there be murder in he eye . sebastian ramón ... listen for the love of God ... ramón you ... you ... I would expect it of a anglo , yes ... but you ... sebastian ramón ... listen to I ... I be in a jam ... I have to get a job ... ramón you juda ... blood -sucker ... sebastian ramón -- listen my kid ... ramón ( seize he collar ) tú! traidor a tu gente ! rompehuelga ! desgraciado ! sebastian my kid do not have enough to eat ! ramón ( shaking he ) you think my kid have enough to eat , you rat ? sebastian I know , it 's wrong . just let I go . I will leave town ... just let I go . ramón ( contemptuously ) you think I be go to work you over ? I would not dirty my hand with you ... he spit in the man 's face and shove he away . sebastian trip on the railroad track and fall . medium long shot : the trestle as see from the road . the sheriff 's car plunge into scene in f.g. , skid to a stop . the deputy pile out , run toward the trestle . in the distance we see sebastian scramble to he foot , cross the railroad spur and retreat to the gully out of which he come . ramón stand watch he . the deputy be almost on he before he turn . one of they seize he by the arm . he appear to be protest , but the man be out of ear-shot . suddenly we see the flash of handcuffs snap on ramón 's right wrist . ramón , offer no resistance , hold up he leave hand -- but a deputy spin he around with a arm lock and snap ramón 's wrist together behind he back . it all happen very quickly , and they lead he off . another angle , featuring miner and boy stand in a group now , watch the arrest . lut start to run to he father , but Antonio hold he back . medium shot : at sheriff' car . ramón be thrust roughly into the back seat of the car between two deputy . the other two get in front . the driver turn the car around , raise a great cloud of dust . the car speed off . camera pan with it , hold on esperanza watch at the side of the road . suddenly esperanza wince . her hand go to she belly , and she bend slightly , as though from a severe cramp . close shot : esperanza . her face contort with pain , with the realization that she labor have begin . she look around helplessly , call : esperanza lut ! lut ! the baby ... medium long shot from her angle : luis and men listen , paralyze , as we hear in Spanish : esperanza's voice the baby ! get the woman ! Quick ! ext . , back road . medium long shot . the sheriff 's car speed toward we down the road , stop suddenly in a swirl of dust . this be a isolate area near the mine ; no observer can be see . int . , back seat of sheriff' car . mo . close shot . ramón sit very straight , he wrist lock behind he back . the deputy on he leave be a freckle - face youth name kimbrough . the deputy on he right be a pale , cavernous , slack - jaw man name vance . vance be slowly draw on a pigskin glove . ramón glance at the glove . then he look out the window . ramón ( he voice loud , tremulous ) why do you stop ? kimbrough ( grin ) wanna have a talk with you -- ' bout why you slugge that fellow back there . ramón that 's a lie . I do not -- the glove hand come up , swipe ramón across the mouth . vance ( softly ) now you know that be not no way to talk to a white man . ext . , road , near picket post . medium long shot . we can see Mrs. Salazar and several other woman run to meet esperanza . a couple of picket follow along . Mrs. Salazar shout back at they in Spanish : mrs . salazar go back and get a blanket , you idiot ! so we can carry she ! int . , sheriff' car . medium full shot . ramón sit tense now , await the next blow . a trickle of blood run down he chin . the two deputy in front sit like wax dummy , pay no attention to what be go on in back . kimbrough hey , vance . you say this bull - fighter be full of pepper . he do not look so peppery now . vance oh , but he be . he 's full of chile , this boy . he drive a glove fist into ramón 's belly . ramón gasp , he eye bulge . vance he like it hot . his chiquita make it good and hot for he -- do not she , pancho ? vance strike he in the abdomen again . kimbrough snicker . ext . , road : another sheriff' car near picket line . medium shot . the sheriff be stand there with he other two deputy when kalinsky hobble up . kalinsky ( breathlessly ) sheriff ... we need a doctor -- quick . a lady 's gonna have a baby ... sheriff what d'ya take I for ? a ambulance driver ? kalinsky but there 's a company doctor in town . we do not have a car . if you would just go , get he ... sheriff you kiddin ' ? company doctor will not come to no picket line . kalinsky clenches he fist , furious , helpless . then he labor back toward the coffee shack . camera pan with he . in the distance we see four man carry esperanza on a fold blanket . ext . , coffee shack . full shot . Mrs. Salazar be walk beside the improvise stretcher . she direct the man to enter the shack . mrs . salazar we can not get she home ... there be not time . take she inside ... int . , sheriff' car . close shot . ramón be double up , he head between he leg . vance pull he erect . vance hold you head up , pancho . that be not no way to sit . ramón ( a mutter in Spanish ) I will outlive you all , you lice . vance ( softly ) how 's that ? what 's that spic talk ? he strike ramón in the belly . ramón give a choke cry . now the intercutting become very rapid . the shot be brief flash . close up : esperanza lie on a cot in the coffee shack , she face contort with pain . she gasp : esperanza God forgive I ... wishing ... this child would never be bear . back to ramón . kimbrough hold up ramón 's head while vance punch he methodically . ramón gasp in Spanish : ramón mother of God ... have mercy ... close up : esperanza . esperanza ( in Spanish ) have mercy on this child ... let this child live ... close up : ramón bite he lip in agony . ramón ( in Spanish ) oh , my God ... esperanza ... esperanza ... ramón 's voice carry over to : close up : esperanza . esperanza ramón ... a contraction seize she and she scream , she scream carry over . close up : ramón . now the two image merge , and undulate , and blur , as with recede consciousness . and then darkness on the screen . we hear the feeble wail of a new-born infant . dissolve to : int . , catholic church . full shot , day . except for the altar light in deep b.g. the church be in shadow . a group of five man and five woman be silhouett at the altar rail , face the priest . we cannot immediately identify they . esperanza's voice ramón be in the hospital for a week ... and then in the county jail for thirty day ... charge with assault and resisting arrest . but I make up my mind to postpone the christen till he could be there . group shot : at altar rail include not only the quintero family but also Antonio and luz , Teresa and charley , Ruth and Frank , sal and consuelo . Antonio hold the baby up to the priest , who make the sign of the cross . his lip move in prayer . ramón peer fondly at the baby over Antonio 's shoulder . esperanza's voice ... and so the baby be baptize the day ramón get out of jail . Antonio be he godfather , and Teresa vidal he godmother . we christen he Juan . the priest sprinkle holy water over the infant 's head . wipe to : int . , quintero cottage : parlor . full shot , night . the same man be seat around the parlor table , play poker . from the phonograph we hear mexican dance music . consuelo bustles in with coffee for the man . esperanza's voice that night we have a double celebration : juanito 's christen , ramón 's homecome . int . , bedroom . full shot . the room be almost completely dark but we can make out the form of six child sleep crossway on the bed . the baby 's crib be beside the bed . esperanza's voice and we put all the child to sleep in the bedroom , as usual . int . , kitchen . full shot . the five wife be gather there , prepare sandwich , talk . esperanza's voice and the lady adjourned to the kitchen -- as usual . int . , parlor : at poker table . the camera angle be that of a stand kibitzer . ramón be nearest the kitchen . around he clockwise sit Antonio , sal , charley and Frank . sal be deal the fifth card of a stud poker hand . the play be continuous and fast , a counterpoint to the more serious discussion . esperanza's voice and the man take over the parlor -- as usual . her voice fade , and now we hear : charley ( throw in match ) five thousand dollar . frank beat . ANTONIO raise you ten thousand . charley you dog . all right , let 's see they . ANTONIO ace , wire . ( scoop up pile of match ) come to papa . while charley gather the card and shuffles , Frank turn to ramón . ramón hear that deputy slugge ' cente . frank yeah . lot of provocation lately . they figure if they can lock up the leadership on some phony riot charge , maybe they can bust the strike . int . , kitchen . full shot as Teresa reenter from the parlor . Ruth barne be tapping she foot restlessly to the radio music which continue over scene . RUTH be we gonna let they play poker all night ? I want to dance . luz ( roguishly ) with whose husband ? RUTH with any of they -- even my own . luz if you dance with my husband , you will have to put up with this ... she grab Ruth and dance she around in a lascivious parody of Antonio 's style . the woman giggle . esperanza 's head turn at the sound of a infant 's wail . int . , parlor : at the poker table . Frank be shuffle the card . esperanza be see crossing to the bedroom in b.g . sal ( to ramón ) and another thing . you attitude toward anglos . if you be gonna be a leader ... ramón ( cut in ) what attitude ? sal you lump they all together -- anglo worker and anglo boss . ramón ( indicate Frank ) he 's a guest in my house , be not he ? sal sure . but you want the truth ? you be even suspicious of he . ramón maybe . I think he 's get a few thing to learn about we people . there be a rather uneasy pause . esperanza be see re-crossing from bedroom to kitchen , the baby in she arm . Frank continue shuffle . frank go on . spill it . ramón ( slowly ) well , you be the organizer . you work out strike strategy -- and most of the time you be dead right . but when you figure everything the rank - and - file 's to do down to the last detail , you do not give we anything to think about . you afraid we be too lazy to take initiative ? frank ( defensively ) you know I do not think that . ramón maybe not . but there 's another thing ... like when you come in tonight -- ( indicate picture ) I hear you ask you wife , " who 's that ? his grandfather ? " close shot : portrait of juárez . ramkn' voice that 's juárez -- the father of Mexico . if I do not know a picture of George Washington , you would say I be a awful dumb mexican . back to group . charley ( soften the blow ) I have never see it fail . try to give ramón a friendly criticism and he throw it right back in you face . frank no . he 's right . I have get a lot to learn . ANTONIO now we have get that settle , deal the card . Frank deal . sal grin at Frank . sal if it make you feel any better , he 's get even less use for woman . back to kitchen . full shot . esperanza sit on a stool near the stove , she back to camera and the other woman , nursing the baby . Teresa and consuelo be sampling the sandwich they have make . consuelo what be they talk about in there ? RUTH ( from the doorway ) discuss each other 's weakness . luz ( mock surprise ) I do not know they have any . RUTH ( look o.s . ) right now , ramón 's on the receive end . teresa let 's break up that game . back to men at poker table . frank ( earnestly to ramón ) if the woman be shut off from life in the union ... ANTONIO Bet you hand ! Ruth enter scene with coffee for the man . the other woman , save esperanza , trail in behind she . Frank be so intent on he point that he ignore Ruth 's presence . frank we can not think of they just as housewive -- but as ally . and we have get to treat they as such . RUTH ( snort ) look who 's talk ! the great White Father , and World 's Champion of woman 's rights . frank aw , cut it out , Ruth . RUTH ( to ramón ) I , I be a camp follower -- follow this organizer from one mining camp to another -- Montana , Colorado , Idaho . but do he ever think to organize the woman ? no. wive do not count in the anglo local either . ramón laugh . Ruth turn back to he . RUTH not that I like the way you treat you wife . but when Doctor barne give you he cure - all for female trouble , ask he if he 's try it at home . ramón ( grin ) hey , esperanza ! RUTH esperanza 's nursing the baby . a glow of eagerness brighten ramón 's face . he fling down the card and go out to the kitchen . the exasperate Antonio toss he card aside . ANTONIO there go the game . luz good. consuelo , turn up the radio ( to Antonio ) come on , papa , on you foot . Antonio get up and begin to dance with he wife . we mark how accurate a parody he wife make of he style . charley dance with Teresa . Ruth fold she arm , glaring at Frank . int . , kitchen . close two shot . ramón stand beside he wife , look over she shoulder at the suckling child . the camera ah.angle be such that we cannot see juanito . ramón ( proudly ) look at he ... ramón clenches he fist , tense he forearm , grunt approvingly . ramón a fighter , huh ? esperanza he be bear fight . and bear hungry . ramón drink , drink , juanito . you will never have it so good . esperanza he will have it good . some day . for a moment they say nothing , watch the baby . then , with a sidelong worried glance : esperanza what be they say ? about you ? in there ? ramón they say I be no good to you . esperanza ( shrug ) you be no good to I -- in jail . ramón ( muse ) I would lie on my cot in the cell and I could not sleep with the bug and the stink and the heat . and I would say to myself , think of something nice . something beautiful . and then I would think of you . and my heart would pound against the cot for love of you . esperanza be deeply move , but she do not show he she face . ramón 's face become tense with determination . ramón ( half - whisper ) not just juanito . you will have it good too , esperanza . we be go to win this strike . esperanza what make you so sure ? ramón ( brood ) because if we lose , we lose more than a strike . we lose the union . and the man know this . and if we win , we win more than a few demand . we win ... ( grop for word ) ... something bigger . hope . hope for we kid . juanito can not grow strong on milk alone . his word be shattered by a loud knock at the front door . ramón turn , listen . we hear the door open and voice indistinctly . camera hold on ramón and esperanza . voice : this the quintero place ? what do you want ? get a court order ... you do not get in here without a warrant . we get the warrant too ... we do not want no trouble . all we want 's the radio . ramón go abruptly . camera hold on esperanza , listen . kimbrough's voice we do not like to break in on you like this , but this fella own the radio store , he get himself a repossession order on this radio here . ramkn' voice do not touch it . kimbrough's voice I do not want no trouble , quintero . we get order to repossess this machine . esperanza rise swiftly , move toward the parlor with the baby . ramkn' voice I say ... do not touch it . int . , parlor . full shot . everyone be stand . several armed deputy stand around the radio console , ready to move it , but check momentarily by ramón . kimbrough 's right hand be on the butt of he revolver . esperanza enter scene . in one continuous movement , she hand the baby to consuelo and block ramón , clutching he , and speak with a new - find fierceness . esperanza let they take it ! ramón over my dead body . esperanza I do not want you dead body . I do not want you back in jail either . ramón but it 's yours . I will not let they ... esperanza ( savagely , in Spanish ) can not you see they want to start a fight so that they can lock you all up at one time ? slowly , ramón go lax , and esperanza relax she hold on he . the deputy pick up the heavy console , lug it toward the front door . the quinteros ' guest be glum and silent . the deputy leave , close the door behind they . ramón ( bitterly ) what be you so sad about ? he cross to a shelf , pick up a dusty guitar and toss it to sal . ramón let 's hear some real music for a change . sal grin . he begin to improvise as we dissolve to : ext . , mine and picket post . long panoramic shot , day . in the distance we can see the tiny figure of the striker maintain they vigil on the picket line . behind they loom the lifeless head frame of the mine . esperanza's voice but the strike do not end . ramón be wrong . it go on and on , into the fourth month , the fifth , the sixth . the company still refuse to negotiate . we could not buy food at the company store ... ext . , store window . medium close shot , day . a mexican - american woman be look at a display of can food in the window of a small town store . we see a hand place a small placard in the store window . it read : no credit to striker . camera move in till the sign fill the screen , and we wipe to : esperanza's voice they try to turn people against we . they print lie about we in they newspaper ... the picket line . medium shot , day . a dozen or so picket march counter - clockwise in a leisurely fashion . Antonio hold a unfold newspaper which he appear to be read to the other , but we hear : esperanza's voice they try to turn the anglo miller against we . they say that all the mexican ought to be send back where they come from . but the man say ... esperanza 's voice fade , and now we hear from the picket line : ANTONIO ( slapping newspaper ) how can I go back where I come from ? the shack I be bear in be bury under company property . kalinsky why do not nobody ever tell the boss to go back where they come from ? cente would not be no boss in the state of New Mexico if they do . alfredo ( dreamily ) brother ! live to see the day . ANTONIO Jenkins be not no boss . ( winking ) mean we be gonna let people like Jenkins stay here ? ramón you can not send he back to Oklahoma . it would be inhumane . jenkins ( grin ) but I be bear in Texas . ANTONIO and alfredo ( mock horror ) oh no . that 's even worse . they all start laugh , pummel Jenkins as they march . wipe to : a ancient jalopy . full shot , day on a dirt road outside a adobe house . the car be pile high with the belonging of a mexican - american family . the mother and she child be in the car . the man be shaking hand with the neighbor in a sad goodbye . esperanza's voice and the seventh month come . by now the strike fund be nearly go . a few family could not take it any longer . they pack up and move away -- and where they go we do not know ... int . , union hall . medium shot at desk , day . sal and charley be seat behind the desk . a number of miner stand opposite they . one by one , the miner count out money , hand it to the union officer . ramón stand nearby , watch . esperanza's voice and so it be decide by the union that hardship case should seek work in other mine . and this be do . and the striker who find job divide they pay with the union , so the rest of we might eat . int . , quintero cottage . medium shot , evening . the quintero family be seat at the table . they plate be empty . esperanza pick up a bowl contain two spoonfuls of bean . she divide they among the child . esperanza's voice ramón be not a hardship case . only three child to feed . no -- the quintero family be not hungry all the time . just most of the time . ext . , union hall . full shot : a truck , day . two man stand in the back of the truck , hand down case of food to the miner . one of the man in the truck be a negro . when charley vidal come over , the negro lean down and shake he hand warmly . esperanza's voice even so , the mine owner might have starve we out be it not for the help we get from we International in Denver , and from the other local . ... and we who think no one outside we county know of we trouble , or care if they do know -- find we be wrong . int . , union hall . close shot at desk , day . the desk be pile high with mail . sal and Frank be open it . we see dollar bill , loose change , check . esperanza's voice letter come . from we own people , the Spanish -speak people of the Southwest ... and from far away -- butte , Chicago , Birmingham , New York -- message of solidarity and the crumpled dollar bill of work man . camera pull back slowly to disclose two woman at a mimeograph machine . camera pan slowly around the union hall , disclose other woman at work -- cut stencil , filing papers , sealing envelope , etc . several small child romp and climb over the bench . esperanza's voice but that be not all -- we woman be help . and not just as cook and coffee maker . a few of the man make joke about it , but the work have to be do -- so they let we stay . medium shot , featuring esperanza stand behind a desk , sealing envelope . the infant juanito lie on a improvise pallet beside she , hemmed in by pile of leaflet . estella be lick stamp . esperanza's voice no one know how great a change it be , till the day of the crisis ... full shot : the union hall . the sheriff , a U.S. Marshall , and several deputy appear suddenly in the entrance to the hall . they cross the room to sal Ruiz ' desk . the sheriff be grin broadly . esperanza's voice that be the day when the sheriff and the Marshall come . the sheriff be smile -- so we know he bring bad news . closer angle : group at table . sal take the paper , read it gravely . the sheriff grin triumphantly and leave , follow by he entourage . esperanza's voice the company have get a court injunction order the striker to stop picketing . a taft - hartley injunction , they call it . it mean heavy fine and jail sentence for the striker if they disobey . sal rise slowly , re-read the court order as Frank and charley join he , read over he shoulder . they face express worry , defeat . esperanza's voice a decision have to be make at once -- whether to obey the order , or not . wipe to : int . , union hall . full panning shot , night . the hall be pack . the strike miner , as usual , occupy the center bloc of seat . but this time there be almost as many woman as man in the hall . they sit with they child in the rear or on bench against the side wall . camera hold on Frank barne , stand at the front of the hall , address the miner . frank ( as esperanza 's voice fade ) if we obey the court , the strike will be lose ... the scab would move in as soon as the picket disappear . if we defy the court , the picket will be arrest and the strike will be lose anyway . closer angle , featuring frank . frank so there it be brother . the boss have we come and go . I just want to say this -- no matter which way you decide , the International will back you up -- as it 's always back you up . this be a democratic union . the decision 's up to you . reverse angle , shoot past frank at miner . we hear a rumble of dissatisfaction as Frank sit down . there be no applause . head huddle , the miner grapple with the dilemma . ramón rise angrily . ramón if we give up now , if we obey this rotten taft -hartley law , we give up everything it 's take we fifty year to gain . there be only one answer : fight they ! fight they all ! other miner : how ? they will arrest we ! we gain nothing . they voice fade . ramón , still on he foot , turn on he critic , lash they . another miner rise , extend he arm in a gesture of helplessness . over this we hear : esperanza's voice the man quarrele . they make brave speech . it seem that brother barne be right -- the company have they come and go . it seem the strike be lose . full shot : the union hall . another angle . in near f.g. Chairman Ruiz be on he foot , pound he gavel . in b.g. we can see Teresa vidal wave for recognition . the chair recognize she . Teresa have advanced to the speaker table in f.g. though obviously scared , she be not as inarticulate or halting as consuelo have be . teresa brother Chairman , if you read the court injunction carefully you will see that it only prohibit strike miner from picketing . ( a pause . ) we woman be not strike miner . we will take over you picket line . we hear a stir , then a raucous male laugh . teresa do not laugh . we have a solution . you have none . brother quintero be right when he say we will lose fifty year of gain if we lose this strike . you wife and child too . but this we promise -- if the woman take you place on the picket line , the strike will not be break , and no scab will take you job . there be silence in the hall now . Teresa start to walk back to she seat when sal 's voice check she . sal if that 's a motion ... only member of the union can make a motion . sal glance at charley vidal , who sit beside he . charley hesitates . Teresa glare at she husband . charley take a deep breath , yell : charley I so move ! voice ( from the floor ) second ! sal ( uneasy ) you have hear the motion . the floor be open for debate . miner if we allow we woman to help we , we will be the joke of the whole labor movement ! another miner look , brother , we woman be ours , we countrywoman ! why should not they help we ? the hall . another angle . we see miner with they head together in heat argument , grimace and gesture of disapproval , individual miner rise to address the chair . another angle , featuring luz morale . eye flash , she address the man . esperanza's voice and luz ask which be worse , to hide behind a woman 's skirt , or go down on he knee before the boss ? another angle , featuring gonzale . gonzale we have not count enough on we woman . the boss have not count on they at all . another angle , featuring charley vidal . charley will the boss win now because we have no unity between the man and they wife and sister ? another angle , featuring a miner and he wife . a husky miner name josé sánchez can be see goad he wife to speak . the frighten woman finally obey . esperanza's voice and carlotta sánchez say she do not think picketing be proper for lady . it be not nice . maybe even a sin . another angle , featuring gonzale and ramón . gonzale I say give the sister a chance ... Gonzales ' voice fade , and ramón rise , glance angrily at Gonzales , and begin to speak . ramón and what will happen when the cop come , and beat we woman up ? will we stand there ? watch they ? no . we will take over anyway , and we will be right back where we be now . only worse . even more humiliate . Brothers , I beg you -- do not allow this . ramón sit down . there be scattered applause from the man . someone call the question . reverse angle , shoot toward chairman . sal ( rapping he gavel ) all right . the question 's be call . you brother know what you be voting on -- that the sister of the auxiliary take over the picket line . all that in favor will so signify ... teresa's voice ( a bellow ) brother Chairman ! a point of order ! wider angle , shoot toward teresa and esperanza . Teresa nudge esperanza . she rise shyly . it seem that esperanza 's stage fright will leave she mute -- but at last she find she voice : esperanza I do not know anything ... about this question of parliament . but you man be voting on something the woman be to do , or not to do . so I think it 's only fair the woman be allow to vote -- especially if they have to do the job . we hear cry of approval from the woman 's section , intermingled with shout objection from some man . group shot : at chairman' table . sal have to make a ruling , but he seem undecided . he glance at charley . charley wink , nod . he glance at Frank . Frank grin and nod . he clear he throat . sal Brothers ... and sister . it would be unconstitutional to permit woman to vote at a union meeting . ( male applause . ) if there 's no objection , we could adjourn this meeting ... there be cry of protest from man and woman alike . he hold up he hand . sal no , wait , wait ... and reconvene this meeting as a community mass meeting with every adult entitle to a vote ! voice I so move ! second voice second ! sal all that in favor will raise they hand . ( most of the hand be raise . ) now that oppose ... ( only a few hand be raise . ) the aye have it ! now , every adult be entitle to a vote ! women' voice question ! question ! call the question ! sal ( grin ) that in favor that the sister take over the picket line will so signify by raise they hand . the hall . full panning shot from sal' angle . a overwhelming majority of the woman be voting for the plan . about a third of the man raise they hand -- but some of they lower they arm when nudge angrily by they neighbor . teller move through the hall count hand . camera hold on ramón , who be practically sit on he hand . he frown at : esperanza , from he angle , she eye avert , but she hand defiantly up . back to chairman . the teller approach sal , whisper the affirmative vote . he add the total , then pound he gavel . sal okay . all that oppose ? full panning shot : as before . most of the woman sit with they finger intertwined , as though in prayer . a few weaker sister raise they hand uncertainly . they neighbor nudge then . the hand come down again . camera pan to the man as the teller count . we see a forest of raise hand . some miner be frantically hold up both arm . back to chairman . medium shot . the teller give sal they figure . sal 's face be grave , reveal nothing . he rise , announce quietly : sal the motion have carry -- a hundred and three to eighty - five . no applause . reverse angle . full panning shot . a profound stillness have settle over the hall . the man turn in they place , look at they womenfolk with doubt , apprehension , expectancy . camera pan to the woman who line the side wall . they look at each other with a breathless wonder as the full import of they undertake dawns on they . fade out . fade in : ext . , picket line . long panoramic shot , morning . this panorama should be as sweeping a vista as the first scene of the picket line . we get the sense of woman stream toward the picket post from four point of the compass . some arrive in ancient car , other walk by way of the road or foot path or the railroad track . there be so many woman on the line that even though they march two abreast they overlap the road . esperanza's voice and so they come , the woman ... they rise before dawn and they come , wife , daughter , grandmother . they come from Zinc town and the hill beyond , from other mining camp , ten , twenty , thirty mile away ... closer view : the picket line . the woman march in a orderly , determine fashion . there be no gaiety . Teresa and Mrs. Salazar be in charge . they be as bold and self - assure as two drill sergeant . most of the woman be dress for the occasion -- wear shirt , jeans and sneaker or saddle shoe . esperanza's voice by sun - up there be a hundred on the line . and they keep come -- woman we have never see before , woman who have nothing to do with the strike . somehow they hear about a woman 's picket line -- and they come . medium long shot : miner on hillside . on the steep wood slope above the picket post the varsity squat on its collective haunch . the man smoke , watch the picket line with mingle awe and apprehension . esperanza's voice and the man come too . they look unhappy . I think they be afraid . afraid the woman would not stand fast -- or maybe afraid they would . the hillside . another angle , higher up the slope . several miner stand here with they family . they , too , look unhappy . Jenkins and he wife be among they . esperanza's voice but not all the woman go to the picket post . some be forbidden by they husband . ( a pause . ) I be one of this . close group shot : the quintero family stand apart from the other , near a clump of juniper . lut stand beside he father , whose uneasy frown be direct at the picket line . estella stand beside she mother , who hold the baby juanito in she arm . esperanza keep gaze at the picket line off scene , never at ramón . esperanza it 's not fair ... I should be there with they . after all , I be the one who get the woman the vote . ramón ( stubbornly ) no. esperanza but the motion pass . it 's ... it 's not democratic of you to ... ramón ( interrupt ) the union do not run my house . ( after a long pause . ) that anglo dame stir you up to make fool of yourselves -- but you do not see any of they down there . esperanza ( squinting , peer ) yes , I do . there 's Ruth barne . ramón she 's the organizer 's , wife . she 's get to be there . esperanza no , she want to be there . ( look off ) and there 's Mrs. kalinsky . ramón ( point off scene ) there 's Jenkins ' wife . you do not see she on no picket line . esperanza ( quietly ) anglo husband can also be backward . ramón can be what ? esperanza backward . he glance quizzically at she . she keep stare at : the picket line from there angle . esperanza's voice ( plaintively ) can not I even put in a appearance ? ramkn' voice in heaven 's name , woman , with a baby in you arm ? back to family group . esperanza the baby like to be walk . it help he burp . ramón shake he head . he look off at : the sheriff' convoy . long shot . some fifty pace beyond the picket line we can see two open truck and two sheriff 's car . the truck be load with man . ext . , sheriff' car . medium shot . superintendent Alexander , Chief Foreman Barton , the sheriff and the deputy vance be stand beside the car . Alexander be in a petulant mood , but the sheriff and vance seem amused by the situation . Three pretty mexican - american girl pass by on they way to the picket line . vance whistle at they . as they move out of the scene vance call : vance hey , girl ! wait a minute ! do not you wanta see my pistol ? alexander shut up . ( as the sheriff chuckle ) what 's so amusing ? they be flaunt a court order . sheriff ( grin ) not so sure about that . letter of the Law , you know . all the injunction say be no picketing by miner . alexander ( furious ) whose side be you on anyway ? sheriff now do not get excited , Mr. Alexander . they will scatter like a covey of quail . barton ( impatiently ) well , let 's get at it -- before another hundred dame show up . sheriff ( rouse himself , call ) all right , boy . wider angle : the convoy . driver and deputy climb into the cab of each truck . Barton , vance and two other deputy get into the lead car . vance hold up he tear gas gun . vance what about this ? sheriff forget it . they will scatter like quail . Barton start the motor . he wave at the truck driver and the other sheriff 's car . they wave back . the convoy start up , gather speed rapidly . full shot : miner on the hillslope . they spring to they foot , tense . full shot : the picket line . the woman stop march , turn in unison to face the oncoming convoy . full panning shot : the convoy hurtle toward the picket line . close shot : face of miner . they groan involuntarily . close shot : face of women picket steady , unflinch . the sheriff' car from there angle , horn blow , speed directly at they , loom bigger , closer . full shot : the picket line . at the last split second , Barton jam on he brake , and the car skid . the woman have not move . close shot : women and car . the car skid into the picket line . a woman be swipe by the front fender , flung on to the road . full shot : the picket line . we hear a collective gasp from the woman . then they scream . two woman run to they injure sister . the other swarm around the car . the deputy be try to get the door open . the woman begin to rock the car . finally the deputy manage to get out . they flail the woman with they fist , they gun stock . but there be four woman to each deputy , and they cling to the man , grab at they weapon . medium shot : the first truck . the anglo scab stand in the back of the truck react in fear and consternation . but they stay where they be . medium long shot : miner on hillside . a group of they start come down the hill . we can see charley and Frank gesture , try to restrain they -- but the miner come on . back to the picket post . vance kick out at woman who be try to tear off he cartridge - belt , send she sprawling . he back off , panic-stricken , and fire a tear gas shell into a mass of woman picket . the explode shell disperse they momentarily . the woman fan out , cough and choke . the picket post , shoot from hill above . at Mrs. Salazar 's command , the woman form into two platoon ; the larger group remain on the road , block the convoy , despite the fact that other deputy open fire with tear gas ; but another line have form at the side of the road , face the miner bent on enter the fray . closer angle : the second picket line . as the miner come down the slope reach the road , Mrs. Salazar wave they back angrily , yell in Spanish : mrs . salazar get back ! get back ! stay out of this ! first miner ( desperately ) but they be beat up my wife ! women ( simultaneously in English and Spanish ) it will be worse if you get in it . then they will start shoot ... they will throw you in jail ! we can take care of ourselves ... you be not need here get back ! get back ! the man fall back , nonpluss by the vehemence of the woman . back to picket post . long shot from hillside . other deputy have come run from the rear of the convoy to support the four outnumber deputy . the scab remain in they truck . but the wind be blow the wrong way , and the tear gas drift back toward the truck . the scab begin to cough . a couple of they jump over the tailgate of the first truck and run . that start a panicky rout . other scab tumble out of the truck and run back down the road to escape the tear gas . group shot : the quintero family stare at the action . esperanza can not stand it any longer . she hand the baby to ramón and be go before he realize she intent . he view : esperanza run diagonally down the slope toward the picket post . in the distance we see deputy still battle the woman . the deputy seem to have lose they head . they lash out viciously at any woman who confront they , in a vain attempt to scatter the woman and clear the road . closer angle : the picket post . luz morale be climb vance 's back , cling to he arm . another woman clutches at he gun hand , try to prevent he from draw he pistol . esperanza come run up . she stop for a second , slip off she right shoe . vance knock the other woman down , pull he revolver from he a holster . esperanza whacks he over the wrist with she shoe , knock the weapon out of he hand . luz dig into he hair with both hand . back to ramón on hillside , helpless , speechless , hold the baby . suddenly he run out of scene . lut grab estella 's hand , follow . another part of the hill : the lower slope . charley and Frank be watch the action . ramón come run into scene . ramón why be you stand there ? do something ! charley ( look o.s . ) relax . ramón but woman be get hurt ! we have gotta take over ! charley they be do all right . frank ( grin , look at baby ) anyway , look like you have get you hand full . completely frustrated , ramón look down at the tiny bundle in he arm . then he look off at : the picket post : long shot from ramkn' angle . we can see Barton call he man off . he jump in the car , turn it around . several deputy climb aboard as he drive off . the other retreat on foot , leave the two abandon truck . the woman re-form they line , and begin to sing " the Union be we leader . " dissolve to : int . , quintero cottage . full shot : parlor , late afternoon . ramón pace the floor fretfully , puffing on a cigarette . the baby crib be in a corner , and juanito be wail . estella try to match she father 's cage - lion stride . estella papa , I be hungry . ramón ( a growl ) so be i. lut enter from the front door . ramón glare at he . ramón where 's you mama ? luis she 's come . charley vidal give she a lift . the boy start off , then turn back again , he eye glow . luis Boy ! do you see the way mama whopped that deputy with she shoe ? knocked the gun right out ... ramón ( thunder ) I do not want you hang around there , hear ? we hear the sound of a chugge truck outside . ramón go to the window , peer out . ext . , road outside quintero cottage . medium shot . the union pick - up , full of woman , stop at the gate . esperanza and luz sit beside charley in the cab . they get out . all the woman be laugh and smile . int . , parlor . full shot as esperanza enter . she be dirty , bedraggle , and bone-tire -- but there be a new light in she eye , and when she smile she grin . ramón ( hope for the worst ) you all right ? esperanza sure . she kiss he lightly on the cheek , kiss estella and lut , cross immediately to the crib , glance at juanito and enter the kitchen . camera pan with she . ramón follow slowly , halt in the kitchen doorway . ramón must have be some experience for you , huh ? esperanza ( from kitchen ) yes . ramón I guess you get enough today to last a lifetime , huh ? esperanza ( from kitchen ) I be go back tomorrow . she emerge from the kitchen with the baby 's bottle , cross to the crib . the infant 's wail cease abruptly . ramón come over , scowling . ramón you might get hurt . ( no response ) listen , if you think I be gonna play nursemaid from now on , you be crazy ... I have have this kid all day ! esperanza ( simply ) I have have they since the day they be bear . she exit to the kitchen . ramón trail after she . int . , kitchen . medium shot . esperanza work swiftly , put pot and pan on the stove , prepare supper , etc . ramón continue to scowl at she . ramón I be tell you . I do not stay home with this kid tomorrow . esperanza ( calmly ) okay . then , tomorrow , I take the kid with I to the picket line . dissolve to : ext . , picket line . full panning shot , day . there be fewer woman on the line than on the first day , but they march with the same assurance and discipline as before . a good half of they crochet as they march . esperanza's voice and so I come back the next day -- and every day for the next month ... camera pan past the picket line to the coffee shack , move on to pick up a group of small child play near the road . esperanza's voice I keep juanito in the coffee shack , and when the weather be good and there be peace on the line I bring he crib outside . estella play with the little one , and lut ... camera swish pan to a clump of juniper on the hillside in deep b.g . we can make out lut , crouching there with several croney , apparently plotting something . esperanza's voice ... lut be in school . camera swish pan to another part of the hill , closer to the picket post . ramón can be see recline on the slope with several croney . the man appear moody and depressed . esperanza's voice ramón come every day and sit on the hillside , just watch . the lady -- well , they criticize ramón for not keep the kid . back to picket post . full shot . in b.g. woman be crochet , chat as they march . the baby 's crib , sheathed in mosquito netting , lie on a table outside coffee shack in f.g. esperanza be change the baby 's diaper . Mrs. Salazar and Teresa be talk to she . wipe to : another angle . truck and sheriff 's car can be see park near the picket line . the scab and deputy stand in the truck , jeer at the march woman . esperanza's voice for a while the sheriff 's man leave we alone . but then it start again . they curse we , insulted we , call we foul name . it start again . wipe to : the picket post . wider angle as a move truck load with scab try to force its way through the live wall of woman . the woman try to push the truck back . they cling to it , and the scab lean down and beat they off . the truck lurch forward , strike a woman and fling she onto the road . several other woman have open the hood of the truck . they rip out ignition wire . the truck stall . wipe to : the picket post . long shot . the truck be go . four deputy wear gas mask be fire tear gas shell into the picket line . the woman retreat , fan out in a great arc . esperanza's voice they use tear gas again . this time the wind be against we . another angle , shoot toward hillslope . esperanza and estella can be see run up the slope away from the gas . esperanza carry the baby . esperanza's voice when that happen we spread out , as we have plan , and I take the baby away from the danger , as we have plan . back to picket post . medium long shot . instead of tear gas envelop the picket line , the picket line envelop the drift gas , re-form again downwind . esperanza's voice but they could not break we line . they could not break it ... dissolve to : full shot : the road , below picket post , where a small army of scab and deputy be gather . the scab stand sheepishly beside the truck . the sheriff , Barton , and several deputy be gaze off at the picket line . they be no longer amused . the superintendent 's cadillac enter scene , come up the road . it roll to a stop near the sheriff 's party . close group shot : at car . alexander ( to sheriff ) well ? sheriff ( hopelessly ) I have try everything but shootin ' them down . alexander you have not try lock they up ! sheriff ( doubtfully ) you want them all arrest ? alexander no , just the ring leader . the fire -eater . and the one with big family ... ( to Barton ) Barton -- where 's that boy ? barton ( wave , shout ) hey , you -- c'mere . sebastian prieto , the fingerman , leave a group of deputy in b.g. and come over . the sheriff glance at he with contempt , then start toward the picket line , prieto and the deputy move with he . the picket line . full shot as they approach the line . the woman keep on march . esperanza be among they , carry the baby . sheriff ( shouting at they ) awright , girl -- I be gonna give you a choice -- you can go home or you can go to jail . no if , and or but . git off the picket line or git arrest . silence . the woman keep on march . the sheriff turn to sebastian . sheriff okay . Point them out . sebastian ( a furtive mumble ) that one -- Teresa vidal . she 's the leader . kimbrough walk over to the line , grab Teresa 's arm as she march by . closer angle , featuring kimbrough and teresa . kimbrough you be under arrest . Home or the hoosegow -- what 's it gonna be ? several of the woman stop march . Mrs. kalinsky pick up a stick . they approach kimbrough menacingly . teresa keep march sister . let 's show some discipline . mrs . kalinsky but Teresa , we ... teresa they will charge we with resisting arrest . keep march ! she jerk loose from kimbrough and walk alone toward the truck . back to sheriff' group . medium shot as sebastian finger other woman the deputy walk off one by one to arrest they . sebastian and Mrs. Salazar ... the old one . and chana díaz -- that one , in the blue dress . and luz morale , the little one , shaking she fist ... and Mrs. kalinsky , the anglo ... and Ruth barne , she 's the organizer 's wife ... the picket line . medium shot the woman be pluck off the line , one by one . they do not resist . we call see esperanza still march . she seem to clutch the baby more tightly to she . estella tag along beside she mother . reverse angle , shoot toward truck . the back of one truck be already fill with woman , and the other be fill rapidly . two shot : sheriff and sebastian . sebastian : ... and lala alvarez , the pretty one over there . and that one . sheriff ( irritably ) with the baby ? sebastian ( a sly grin ) she 's ramón quintero 's wife . he do not like she be here at all . the sheriff hesitates a moment , he eye narrow in think , then give vance the nod . vance approach the line . medium shot : at picket line . vance pluck at esperanza 's sleeve . she stop for a second , frighten , waver . the woman remain on the line call out to she : ad lib ( in Spanish ) we will take the baby , esperanza ... do not worry about juanito ... we will keep estella too ... vance pull at she arm again . esperanza stiffen with a sudden fierceness . esperanza no . the baby stay with I . ( she stoops down to estella . ) go to papa . you stay with papa , hear ? head high , carry the baby , esperanza walk off toward the wait truck . the little girl watch she go , bereft , perplex . ext . , hillside . close shot : ramón . he come to he foot , tense with anxiety . ext . , picket line . long panning shot from he angle . suddenly estella break away from the picket line and run after she mother . esperanza be climb into the back of the second truck , which be now full . estella jump onto the tailgate and a woman pull she up . we hear motor start . the truck pull off slowly . at the same instant we hear Teresa 's clear voice , sing " solidarity forever . " the other woman join she . the chorus swell . camera hold on the recede truck , and the sing fade . now the camera pan slowly back to the picket line . there be only a handful of woman remain . but from somewhere we hear the song again . camera pan on , hold on a view of the wood hillside . suddenly we see twenty or more woman come down the slope with consuelo Ruiz in the lead . they be sing , this reserve , come to replenish the gap in the line . slow dissolve to : int . , county jail : two cell . full shot , night . over the dissolve we hear the rhythmic clank of tin cup against steel bar . light come up slowly to reveal two adjacent jail cell pack with woman . all be stand , for there be no room to sit down . the woman in f.g. bang on the bar , and all of they chant rhythmically in Spanish : women queremo comida ... queremo cama ... queremo baños ... queremo comida ... reverse two shot : turnkey and vance as see from the cell . the two deputy be lean back in they chair against a blank wall opposite the cell . the deafen chant be drive the turnkey to distraction . he put he hand to he ear . suddenly he rise and come over , hold up he hand for quiet . vance follow . turnkey now listen ! please , girl ! be quiet ! listen ! ( the din subside . ) I have tell you ten time . we do not have no food . we do not have no bed . we do not have no bath . so please -- please -- shut up ! vance grin at luz morale , whose face can be see behind the bar in close foreground . he reach out , chuck she under the chin . luz scratch at he hand , and he withdraw it . the chant be resume . int . , rear of cell . close group shot . the one cot in the cell be occupy by estella and the infant juanito . juanito be cry . esperanza hover worriedly over he , try to get he a take a nipple bottle , which he reject . esperanza ( to Teresa ) he can not drink this milk . it will make he sick . he 's on a formula . ( in a panic of guilt ) I be a fool ! I should not have keep he with I . teresa do not you worry . we will get some action . she move off to the front of the cell , call for quiet . front of cell , featuring teresa . the woman stop they clamor for a moment . Teresa call out to vance : teresa the baby can not drink this store milk . we want he formula ! vance ( puzzle ) you want what ? RUTH the formula , the formula ... the woman begin bang away with they cup again take up the chant : women we want the formula ! we want the formula ! vance wince at the noise . int . , court house hallway . medium shot , night . ramón can be see come slowly up the hall . lut trail behind he . ramón walk like a man in enemy territory . from off scene the sound of the woman 's chant carry over : " we want the formula ... " the hall . another angle . ramón be pass a door mark : office of the district attorney . the door be slightly ajar . ramón stop , turn back , look inside . int . , district attorney' office from ramkn' angle . all that can be see in ramón 's cone of vision be a desk across the room . the d.a. 's foot be on the desk . he be in he shirt sleeve , but wear he hat . Alexander sit on the corner of the desk . hartwell and the sheriff wander in and out of scene , pace the floor . d.a. well , you can get the j.p. to swear out peace bond . or heist the bail high enough so you can keep them in jail . sheriff ( exasperate ) keep them ? what be I suppose to do -- feed them outa my own pocket ? back to hallway . ramón and luis . ramón 's hand be half - raise to the doorknob . it fall to he side . he listen . d.a. 's voice what I want to know , Mr. hartwell , be when you gonna settle this thing . you will not negotiate with them . what be you after , anyway ? medium shot : hartwell from ramkn' angle . hartwell ( pace ) the company have other mine . you have get to see the larger picture . once this people get out of hand ... without notice ramón , but conscious of the need to keep what he be say confidential , hartwell have move to the door and close it , cut off the rest of he sentence . back to ramón , frustrated in he desire to hear more . just then vance round a corner in b.g. and enter scene , walk toward camera . he stop short , see ramón . for a moment they stare at one another . vance look scared , despite the fact that he be armed and within he own bastille . vance what you doin ' here ? ai not you see enough of I ? ramón ( scarcely audible ) I come for my kid . they be in you jail . vance warily brushes past ramón and open the office door , gesture for the sheriff . during the few moment the door be open , we hear : d.a. 's voice but you have play every trump in you hand and they be not dead yet . hartwell' voice not every trump . d.a. 's voice such as what ? the sheriff come out , close the door behind he , cut off the inside conversation again . vance I can not shut they dame up . they keep yellin ' about the formula . sheriff the what ? vance formula for the baby or somethin' . ( indicate ramón ) his kid . the sheriff glance at ramón and stalk off down the hall . vance follow . int . , jail corridor , shoot toward cell , as the sheriff and vance enter . the woman 's clamor be as loud as ever . the sheriff hold up he hand for quiet . sheriff now look here . I get you some milk for the baby . so what 's all the belly - achin ' about ? ad lib it 's no good , the milk ... queremo la formula ... the baby have a formula ... if juanito get sick you will be responsible ... sheriff ( exasperate ) I be not run a drug store . you girl get nobody but yourselves to 1 blame and you can be home with you family in a hour . all you have to do be sign a pledge that you will not go back to the picket line . many voice ( in English and Spanish ) do not sign nothin ' for the stinker . no , no deal , no deal ... make he get the formula . they start bang on the bar again . the sheriff turn angrily to vance . sheriff where would that fellow go ? vance take a few step , shout around a corner , beckone . vance hey , pancho , c'mere ! ramón enter scene , walk slowly into f.g. lut tag along behind . the woman fall silent abruptly . it be very still . close group shot : at cell door . the sheriff motion to the turnkey to unlock one of the cell . he obey . sheriff awright . where 's the baby ? and the little girl ? esperanza bring the baby from the rear of the cell . estella squeeze past the tightly pack woman , join she mother . ramón and esperanza gaze at one another with deep poignancy , unsmile . he hold out he hand . she give the baby to he . estella look up at she mother . esperanza nod , give she a little push . estella walk outside . lut take she hand . the father and he child walk off slowly , out of scene . the woman watch they go . the turnkey lock the cell again . suddenly they start bang on the bar . voice queremo comida ... queremo cama ... queremo baños ... queremo comida ... dissolve to : ext . , quintero back yard . full shot , day . the shot match the earlier scene of luz and esperanza -- but now ramón and Antonio be hang out the wash . estella and the little morale boy be there . ramón see they play in the basket . ramón will you kid get out of that basket ! there be two large wicker basket beside the fence : one contain juanito , the other a mountain of damp clothes . as he work , Antonio call from across the fence : ANTONIO ( in Spanish ) how go it ? ramón ( in Spanish ) it never end . he snap out a damp undershirt , hang it up . suddenly he explode : ramón Three hour ! just to heat enough water to wash this stuff ! ( a pause . he go on work . ) I tell you something . if this strike be ever settle -- which I doubt -- I do not go back to work unless the company install hot run water for we . ( another pause . ) it should have be a union demand from the beginning . ANTONIO yeah . we hear the baby wail . ramón walk over to the basket , put the nipple of the bottle back in juanito 's mouth . then he resume he chore . Antonio muse as he work . ANTONIO it 's like charley vidal say -- there 's two kind of slavery , wage slavery and domestic slavery . the woman question , he call it . ramón the woman question ? ANTONIO question , question -- the problem , what to do about them . ramón ( cautious ) so ? what do he want to do about them ? ANTONIO he say give them equality . Equality in job , equality in the home . also sex equality . ramón ( a long pause ) what do you mean -- sex equality ? ANTONIO you know ... ( leer , shift into Spanish . ) what 's good for the goose be good for the gander . close shot : ramón with a clothespin in he mouth , mull over this concept . his imagination run away with he . he scowl thoughtfully . antoniox voice he 's some organizer , that charley . he can organize a wife right out of you home . ramón bite viciously on a clothespin and hang up a pair of diaper . dissolve to : int . , quintero kitchen . medium shot , night . there be two large tub on the cluttere drainboard -- one of soapy water , one of rinse water . ramón be wash the dish . lut be drying they . ramón be sweaty and sullen . lut be bored and impatient . luis papa , can not I leave now ? there 's a meeting of the junior shop steward ... ramón the what ! luis the junior shop steward . there 's lot of way we can help . ramón ( explode ) do not I have enough trouble without they shipping you off to reform school ? luis ( earnestly ) but papa -- you need all the help you can get . ramón you have get to help around the house ! luis but you have get I do everything . mama never use to make I dry the ... ramón ( cut he off ) you should have help she without be ask . at that moment we hear the raucous bray of a automobile horn from outside . lut dash into the parlor . ramón stand there scrubbing a greasy dish . now we hear gay laughter , and then , in Spanish : charley' voice buenas noches ! esperanza's voice hasta mañana , charley . int . , parlor . full shot : shoot toward front door . ramón enter scene f.g. , stop . the front door burst open , esperanza enter . she embrace lut . he grin , respond with a shy , awkward hug . esperanza look at ramón . her face be aglow . she look young and heartier than we have ever see she . she come quickly into close foreground , embrace ramón . he put he arm around she -- but stiffly , withhold himself . she look up at he lovingly . ramón how do you feel ? esperanza I be okay . but it 's nice to be home . ramón four night . how do you sleep ? esperanza we raise such a fuss they finally bring cot in . she laugh ; she hand go to she throat . esperanza I nearly lose my voice , yell so much . ( suddenly ) how 's estellita ? and the baby ? she go out . ramón ( follow she ) they be asleep . int . , bedroom . medium shot . the bedroom be dark . esperanza and ramón be only move shadow . dimly we see she hover over the crib . ramón whisper . ramón do you have to sign a pledge ? not to go back to the line ? esperanza ( a whisper ) no , no ... we would not do it . from off scene we hear a knock at the front door . esperanza cross the dark room to answer it , ramón follow . ramón ( a whisper ) but if you go back they will lock you up again . esperanza ( whisper ) no , no ... the sheriff have enough of we . we drive he crazy . she go out . int . , parlor . full shot . esperanza open the front door , admit three woman : Teresa , Ruth and consuelo . they enter beam , excited . teresa it 's all set . consuelo 's squad can take they day off tomorrow . we be take over . esperanza ( ushere they in ) good . come in , we will work it out . sit down , sit down . the three woman sit down on the couch . esperanza cross to the dining table to get a chair for herself . ramón be stand there . two shot : ramón and esperanza . he be the stern patriarch now . as she reach for the chair he say , sotto voce : ramón we have get to have a talk , you and I . esperanza all right , but later . I have get a meeting now . ramón ( suppress outrage ) a meeting ? esperanza yes . to plan for the picket line tomorrow . she walk off with she chair . camera hold on ramón . he be fume . we hear : esperanza's voice now -- let 's see ... who 's available ? teresa's voice chana 's husband be out of town -- on that delegation to see the governor . and anita Gonzales ' husband , too ... consuelo' voice and six or seven other -- lala 's husband and mariana 's ... ramón look like he 's about to explode . int . , parlor . full shot . as ramón stride toward the front door , we hear : RUTH and there 's a whole bunch of man go on a fuel hunt expedition -- thirty or forty of they -- so they wife be out too . esperanza but we can ask they to keep we kid , so the rest of we can ... ramón exit , slamm the door loudly behind he . the woman react with a what 's - eat - he look . Teresa turn sympathetically to esperanza . teresa what be you go to do about he , esperanza ? consuelo it 's time he be house break . maybe if a delegation of we talk to he ... esperanza ( deeply upset ) no , no ... I have to work it out with he myself . dissolve to : int . , Beer parlor . full shot : the bar , night . Seven miner be seat on stool at the bar , drink beer . this be the disconsolate one -- the defeat and the perplex , the traditionalist hold - out and the unwilling babysitter . a atmosphere of gloom pervade the place . they back be to camera , but seat from leave to right they be : Jenkins , Antonio , two unidentified miner ( whom we have see around the picket line ) , cente cavazos , josé sanchez and ramón . the bartender , a anglo , be a beefy , easy - go fellow with a friendly manner . he set fresh beer before a couple of miner , but no money change hand . we see the bartender mark something on a tab at the register . camera move on to the next miner , a anglo , lean moodily on he elbow . anglo miner I get a friend , he 's get a friend in the Bureau of mine . know what he say ? they be not never gonna open up that mine again . FOURTH miner how come ? anglo miner ( as camera move past he ) he say the ore 's play out . so help I . cente could be . camera hold on ramón . there 's a whiskey glass and a bottle of beer before he . ramón be in a sodden blue funk . ramón bull. lotta bull . that 's a rich mine . I know . he drink off he whiskey , chase it down with beer , then stare moodily at the empty glass . ramón but what 's the difference ? they will never settle with we . never . suddenly we hear a excited shout : antoniox voice hey ! hey ! what d'ya know ! full shot : miner at bar . Antonio hold up a magazine , stabbing a picture with he finger . ANTONIO it 's he ! it 's he ! El presidente ! the President of the company . all the miner except ramón get off they stool and come over , look at the picture . ANTONIO listen to this : ( read ) " man of distinction . J. Hamilton Miller , financier , Business executive , board Chairman of Continental factor , and president of delaware Zinc Incorporated . a enthusiastic sportsman and expert marksman , Mr. Miller manage to find time every year for a African safari . he leave this month for kenya , where he hope to bag he thirteenth lion ! " there be a long silence . the man stare at the portrait -- with hatred , with despair . Antonio rip the page out of the magazine . ANTONIO I be gonna frame this . ( turn ) hey , ramón -- look . ramón just grunt with disgust . he sip he beer . ramón ( absently ) get to look at the larger picture . a pall fall over the group again . the miner return to they bar stool . close moving shot ( as before ) . jenkins ( stare into space ) how do you like that ? the guy be a lion hunter . ANTONIO what d' you expect he to hunt -- rabbit ? FOURTH miner man , oh man , I would sure like to get I some venison . cente I be not taste meat in four week . ( suddenly ) how about it , ramón ? let 's take off for a couple of day , huh ? ramón ( after a long pause ) why ask I ? be I runnin ' this strike ? if you want permission to go over the hill , go ask the lady auxiliary . he drain he beer , rise and stalk off . dissolve to : full shot , night : int . , quintero bedroom , dimly light by one small lamp . esperanza appear to be asleep . ramón enter , cross to the bed and sit down a heavily . he begin to remove he shoe . camera move in . esperanza 's eye come open , in the way of one who have be wide awake . without move she say in quiet reproach : esperanza I wait up till midnight . ramón ( not look at she ) you be not wait for I . esperanza that meeting only last ten minute . ( a pause . then quietly ) the first night I be home , and you run to the beer parlor . what be it ? can not you bear the sight of I ? ramón ( fierce whisper ) be still ... esperanza but you want to talk . tell I . he rise suddenly and go out . esperanza slip out of bed , fling on a dress gown . int . , kitchen . medium shot , night . ramón have a cup and be pour coffee from the pot on the stove . esperanza enter scene , stand in the doorway . esperanza tell I . ramón ( not look at she ) we can not go on this way . I just can not go on live with you . not this way . esperanza ( softly ) no . we can not can not go on this way . we can not go back to the old way either . ramón sip he coffee , glare at she . ramón the old way ? what 's you " new way " ? what 's it mean ? you " right " to neglect you kid ? he go abruptly to the parlor . esperanza stand there a moment , then slowly follow he . int . , parlor . full shot . ramón go to a closet , get a rifle and a box of shell off the shelf . he sit down on the edge of a chair and begin to clean the rifle with a oily rag . esperanza enter scene , watch he . there be a long silence . esperanza where be you go ? ramón hunting . esperanza when ? ramón Sun up . esperanza alone ? ramón no . esperanza ( after a pause ) ramón -- you can not . ramón why not ? I be not need here . esperanza but you be need . especially now -- with most of the other man away . you be captain of the stand - by squad . ramón ( bitterly ) sure , the standby squad . stand - by for the funeral . esperanza whose funeral ? we be do all right . there have not be a scab near the picket line for three day . ramón and you know why ? because the company know they can starve we out -- even if it take another two , three month . what 's it to they if the mine 's shut down a little longer ? esperanza it 's a lot to they . they would do anything to open that mine . ramón aah ! they have get other mine . you do not see the larger picture . ( a pause . ) they have get million . million . they can outlast we , and they know it . esperanza you mean you be ready to give up ? ramón ( flaring ) who say anything about give up ? I will never go back to the company on my knee . never . he pull back the bolt of the rifle , insert a cartridge , test the bolt . esperanza you want to go down fight , be that it ? ( he shrug . ) I do not want to go down fight . I want to win . no response . she walk over to he , camera following . esperanza ramón be not get weaker . we be stronger than ever before . ( he snort with disgust . ) they be get weaker . they think they could break we picket line . and they fail . and now they can not win unless they pull off something big , and pull it off fast . ramón like what ? esperanza I do not know . but I can feel it come . it 's like ... like a lull before the storm . charley vidal say ... ramón ( explode ) charley vidal say ! ( he rise , fling rifle aside . ) do not throw charley vidal up to I ! esperanza charley 's my friend . I need friend . ( she look at he strangely . ) why be you afraid to have I as you friend ? ramón I do not know what you be talk about . esperanza no , you do not . have you learn nothing from this strike ? why be you afraid to have I at you side ? do you still think you can have dignity only if I have none ? ramón you talk of dignity ? after what you have be do ? esperanza yes . I talk of dignity . the anglo boss look down on you , and you hate they for it . " stay in you place , you dirty mexican " -- that 's what they tell you . but why must you say to I , " stay in you place . " do you feel better have someone lower than you ? ramón shut up , you be talk crazy . but esperanza move right up to he , speak now with great passion . esperanza whose neck shall I stand on , to make I feel superior ? and what will I get out of it ? I do not want anything lower than I be . I be low enough already . I want to rise . and push everything up with I as I go ... ramón ( fiercely ) will you be still ? esperanza ( shouting ) and if you can not understand this you be a fool -- because you can not win this strike without I ! you can not win anything without I ! he seize she shoulder with one hand , half raise the other to slap she . esperanza 's body go rigid . she stare straight at he , defiant and unflinch . ramón drop he hand . esperanza that would be the old way . never try it on I again -- never . she cross to the doorway , then turn back . esperanza I be go to bed now . sleep where you please -- but not with I . she go out . fade out . fade in : ext . , picket post . full shot , early morning . dispirite and shiver , the woman march , hunch against the wind . near the coffee shack be a oil drum in which a wood fire be burn . Teresa , the picket captain , walk toward esperanza . Teresa closely watch esperanza 's deject face . two shot : at oil drum . the two woman warm they hand over the fire . theresa muse : teresa so they have a little taste of what its like to be a woman ... and they run away . esperanza with ramón it 's ... pride . I speak out of the bitterness in I . and he be hurt . esperanza stare at the fire . Teresa look at she with deep sympathy . teresa anything worth learn be a hurt . this change come with pain ... for other husband too ... not just ramón . dissolve to : ext . , mountain landscape . long panning shot , day . a vista of wild and lonely beauty . a cold wind rustle the juniper and pine of a steep boulder - strewn arroyo . the deer hunter can be see walk up a narrow trail in single file . they be bunched together , save for ramón , who lag behind . medium panning . shot , featuring ramón . he walk slowly up the trail into f.g. , brood . as he walk he hear esperanza 's voice of the precede night , hauntingly . esperanza's voice you mean you be ready to give up ? ( pause ) I do not want to go down fight . I want to win . ( pause ) have you learn nothing from this strike ? ( pause ) I can feel it come . it 's like a lull before the storm . ( pause ) and now they can not win unless they pull off something big and pull it off fast . a shot be hear ringing through the arroyo . it pull ramón up short . he call to the other man , suddenly : ramón Brothers , we have get to go back ! ext . , picket post : wide angle at drum , including truck . charley be at the wheel , sal besides he . the truck stop near the oil drum . charley lean out , call urgently . charley esperanza ! where 's ramón ? esperanza ( dully ) ramón ? sal do he go hunt with the other ? charley ( as esperanza nod ) where ? where can we find he ? do you know ? esperanza no . during this exchange several woman have leave the picket line and come over . sal ( mutter bitterly ) Deer hunter ! deserter , that 's what they be . teresa something wrong ? ( insistently ) charley , tell we . charley ( reluctantly ) company 's get a eviction order . dissolve to : series of shot : large close shot of young woman cry : " eviction ! eviction ! " large close shot young boy cry " eviction ! eviction ! eviction ! " woman at clothesline hearing the call and leave . woman at kitchen door call out " where ? " and leave . truck on road stop . man run in , call , " eviction ! at the quintero place . " car on road be stop by several woman ; they pile in , the car pull away . Shots of people walk , by twos and by group , finally pass the car in which be seat Alexander and hartwell . alexander ( to a perturb hartwell ) do not worry . quintero 's go hunt with the other . evict he first ; the rest will be easy . let they neighbor watch . scare some sense into they . dissolve to : ext . , road and company housing . long shot . the sheriff 's convoy be draw up outside a row of company house . we can see deputy milling about in the front yard of one of the cottage , and a cluster of woman watch they from outside the fence . ext . , cottage : closer angle . it be the quintero place . the sheriff stand in the front yard , direct operation . his deputy be lug furniture out of the house . they dump it in the yard or at the side of the road . several of they emerge from the front door with the quinteros ' bed . esperanza , luz and a dozen other woman silently watch the eviction from outside the fence . Mrs. Salazar be there with a bevy of kid ( include juanito whom she hold in she arm ) . the only man present be the parish priest . ext . , MAIN road , zinc town . long panning shot . we pick up Jenkins ' car load with the stand - by squad roaring toward the housing area . the car pass the store , the church , the school . as the car come into f.g. , and move on out of scene , camera hold on the school playground . in the distance we see lut beckone to a number of he companion . the boy set off at a run up the road . back to company housing . group shot : women feature esperanza and luz . luz can not we do something ? no answer from esperanza . she move toward the front gate . other woman follow she . camera pan with they . just then the deputy kimbrough come through the gate carry a lamp and a vase . he dump they onto the road . the vase break . he shove esperanza roughly away from the gate . kimbrough all right , girl -- get back , get back . reverse angle : shoot past convoy as Jenkins ' car swerve around the tail of the convoy , come on up the road , stop near the cottage . ramón and the other pile out . they join the throng of woman . ramón carry he rifle purposefully . group shot : women and priest watch the deputy as ramón come to esperanza 's side . she see he . her face light up . ramón 's eye meet hers for a moment . he be unsmile . then he look away at : the deputy , from he angle , dump the precious accumulation of a lifetime onto the road : the shrine , a kewpie doll , a fade photograph . close shot : portrait of juárez . it fall in the dust . the frame break . back to watcher , featuring ramón , he face work in hatred and anger . esperanza be beside he now . he bring the barrel of he rifle up as if to level it . she glance at he in terror . suddenly ramón go slack ; the shadow of defeat cross he face . with a abrupt movement he thrust the rifle on Mrs. Salazar -- who take it , blink with surprise . ext . , cottage . full shot from there angle . four deputy be emerge from the front door burden with the ancient iron stove . camera pan away from they , hold on the fence separate the quintero and morale yard . now we see lut and he croney pop up from behind the fence . each boy hold a grass -taile clod . they let fly . camera swish pan back to the porch -- and we see two of the clod hit they target , spattering the deputy with dirt . one deputy drop he corner of the stove , and it crash down the step . several other deputy take off after the boy , leave the gate unguard . the sheriff yell : sheriff never mind they brat ! come on -- get the work do . reverse angle , featuring tenant . other woman , child and old man be arrive on the scene . there be now over twenty woman watch the eviction but there be no excitement , no talk . closer angle , featuring ramón ad esperanza . ramón be calmer now , but alert , plan , think . he look around at they gather force -- not yet impressive , but grow every moment . he almost smile with slow realization . ramón ( half to himself ) this be what we have be wait for . esperanza ( anxious , puzzle ) what be you say ? ramón this mean they have give up try to break the picket line . ( a pause . ) now we can all fight together -- all of we . suddenly he draw esperanza close , whisper something in she ear . she nod , turn swiftly to several other woman , huddle with they a moment . camera pan with the woman as they enter the yard , swoop down to pick up household belonging on they way . ext . , front yard . full shot . other woman , see what esperanza and she sister be up to , swiftly join they in the yard , begin to pick up furniture and carry it back into the house by way of the rear door . deputy emerge from the house , load down with furniture and bric-a-brac , find themselves pass woman load with object they have just deposit in the yard . one of the deputy stop in close f.g. , stare at the woman in slack - jaw bafflement . ramón glance at Mrs. Salazar . he wink . Mrs. Salazar smile . it be the first time we have see she smile . back to yard , featuring sheriff . his deputy be hopelessly disperse . half of they be chase the boy , while the furniture - move contingent be out - numbered by woman crowd into the yard . the sheriff wheel right and leave in helpless exasperation . he spot ramón near the front fence , stride over to he . sheriff ( bellow ) now see here , quintero ! this woman be obstructin ' justice . you make them behave , savvy ? ramón I can not do nothing , sheriff . you know how it be -- they will not listen to a man any more . sheriff ( bluster ) you want I to lock them up again ? ramón ( smile ) you want them in you lock - up again ? the sheriff stalk off , fume . ext . , road and yard . full shot . more woman keep arrive all the time . several small fry , imitate they mother , run into the yard , pick up lamp , pot , pan , etc. , and return they to the house . a side road . medium long shot . two car pull up and stop near the convoy . consuelo Ruiz and six other woman get out , approach the cottage . the yard . full shot . from off scene we hear the blast of a automobile horn , while from the middle of the yard the sheriff bellow at he man : sheriff form a cordon ! keep them away from the house ! form a cordon ! ext . , road . medium long shot : past convoy . two other car pull up at the tail of the convoy . Frank barne and a half dozen miner get out , hurry toward the quintero cottage . back to yard . full shot . by now the sheriff 's man have reassemble and be form a cordon , from the porch step to the front gate , permit no one else to enter the yard . four deputy pick up the quinteros ' bed and begin to carry it toward the truck . when they reach the gate they find it block by the six new miner and four of ramón 's stand - by squad . the deputy stop , ease they burden to the ground . just then we hear a klaxon from o.s . everyone turn to see : another convoy . long panning shot . the union truck be in the lead . charley vidal be at the wheel , and the back of the truck be load with a dozen miner . follow it be a half - dozen miner ' car . the union convoy roll past the park sheriff 's convoy , draw to a stop in f.g . the miner tumble out , move in a body toward the gate of the quintero cottage . they be all big man , and they face be grim and determine . we count 15 , 20 , 25 , 30 of they . close group shot : miner at gate look at they approach brother . alfredo nudge Gonzales . alfredo hey ! the guy from the open pit ... gonzale and the guy from the mill . ext . , cottage and yard . full shot ( boom shot if possible ) . ramón , esperanza and other woman and child re-emerge from the house , stop on the porch in a compact mass . facing they outside the gate be forty miner . the deputy be in between . they stir nervously , glance from side to side . no one say anything . a heavy stillness fall over the yard . now we see other woman and child close in at the side fence : then lut and a half - dozen other boy appear at the opposite fence . the sheriff be in dead center of this shot . without realize it he make a full turn of 360 , look at he adversary . he angle . slow panning shot . the sheriff 's force be completely surround by over a hundred man , woman and child . appear on the surround hill , on every side , be other miner , other woman , other kid -- mass , impassive . full shot : the sheriff turn , stare at the mass power against he . with a abrupt , frustrated gesture the sheriff wave to he man to follow and walk out the gate . the miner break rank to let he pass . when the last deputy have leave the yard the man close rank and face the convoy . still there be no voice , no sound save the start motor . the road and yard . full shot as see from the porch , shoot past the miner outside the gate . the convoy lurch into motion . the man watch it till the last car have pass . then they turn to face the woman , who enter scene f.g. , move down the step , meeting the man in the yard . suddenly someone laugh and then there be a release in laughter run through the crowd , and we hear half - whisper , awed comment . ad lib ( English and Spanish ) we stop they ... it take all we have , but we stop they ... when we hear about it at the mill , we just walk off ... do you see they face ? .. . the receding convoy . long panning shot . the convoy approach a crossroad a quarter of a mile downhill from the quintero house . we see a cadillac park there at the corner . the lead car of the convoy stop and the sheriff get out . he walk over to the cadillac . close shot : at cadillac . Alexander and hartwell be sit there . the sheriff start to speak , then close he mouth again . he indicate he empty truck with a helpless gesture . sheriff get any more idea ? alexander ( defensively , pass the buck ) I do not make policy . he look at hartwell . hartwell puff on a cigarette . after a long pause he say : hartwell I will talk to New York . maybe we better settle this thing . ( another puff ) for the present . back to quintero yard . full shot . part of the milling throng have already disperse ; that who remain be carry the last of the quinteros ' possession back into the house . we see lut jump the fence and run toward he mother in f.g . she give he a fierce hug . medium shot at front gate . ramón approach Mrs. Salazar . he take the baby from she arm . estella enter the gate , drag the portrait of juárez . solemnly she lift up the portrait . ramón take it . he walk back toward the porch , estella at he side . the yard , swooping from the porch . esperanza and lut stand on the porch step in f.g. reaching they , ramón turn , look back at he friend , some of whom be still in the yard . they seem to be wait for he to speak . esperanza's voice we do not know then that we have win the strike . but we heart be full . and when ramón say . ramón ( simply ) thanks ... sister ... and brother . the people smile softly . a few of they lift they hand in a wave of acknowledgment . they begin to leave . close up shot : the quintero family on porch . ramón hold the baby in the crook of he arm . he hand the portrait of juárez to lut . the boy gaze at it with respect , wipe the dust off it , and readjust the tear frame . ramón heave a long sigh . unsmile , he look off at the recede convoy . esperanza watch he . there be a pause . still not look at she , ramón say haltingly : ramón esperanza ... thank you ... for you dignity . esperanza 's eye fill with tear . ramón you be right . together we can push everything up with we as we go . esperanza's voice then I know we have win something they could never take away -- something I could leave to we child -- and they , the salt of the earth , would inherit it . esperanza place she hand in ramón' . with the child they walk into the house . fade out .