salvador original story and screenplay by oliver stone and richard boyle april 1985 copyright oaxatel film revised : 9000 sunset boulevard suite 503 los angele , california 90069 tel 213 - 274-8377 4/25/85 5/06/85 5/09/85 5/21 & 5/27/85 5/30/85 patsa production S.A. fam production and Finance churubusco studios . artece . S.A. atlevas number 2 : Mexico , 21 , d.f.te ! ; 549-3050 ~~ memo may 8th. 1985 to : whom it may concern from : brad H. aronson : " salvador " continuity of day the director have laid out the following script continuity . if there be any question please discuss it with oliver . if any change be to be made please notify I so that all concerned will be informed . pay 1 se. 1 first day '' day 2 se. 12 next day day 3 se. 16 part 6 day later day 4 se. 24 next day day 5 se. 32 1 day later day 6 se. 36 next morning . day 7 se. 44 3 day later ( . : day 8 se. 48 1 week later ~~ day 9 : se. 61 next day day 10 se. 67 next day day 11 se. 83 next night day 12 se. 87 2 day later day 13 se. 89 3 day later day 14 se. 92 next night day 15 se. 93 next day day 16 se. 96 3 day later day 17 se. 116 next day day 18 se. 117 next day day 19 se. 132 week later Brad h : aronson executive in charge of proéuction . CC : full distribution : crono { rev §/21/e85 ) prologue this film be base on event that occur in El salvador in 1980 - 82 . for narrative purpose the time frame of this event have be condense and some event have be combine without -- the filmnaker believe -- violate the spirit of that time . live character have be fictionalized . " with lie they try to make we lie . as if they do not know that the mouth be make to say - the eye to see . '' salvadoran peasant revision 5/27/85 motice : soe Dew som rs be veet Les lesen bishop mangana ( page 55 ) have be change to archbishop romero 1 . ll. ( rev 5/27/85 ) interior san francisco tenement = tenderloin = dawn 2 . Richard boyle flick open a batter eye , the landlord be knock on the door . credit roll . the baby start cry . bis tired , pretty italian wife , claudia , bottle - feed the baby to keep it quiet , make she way to the door ... boyle sit up . it look like another Major bad Day be in the work . a batter body and face , # man who have see far better day , and obviously have hit the bottle one too many time , he body be something that would make Jack lalanne throw up , mid-forty , he look like the ten war he 's be in -- a survivor of countless accident and break dream , the potato famine of a wiry trish soul . in background , the tenderloin landlord be argue with Claudia , the argument move across the flat to boyle , put on he clothes , one eye flicked to the morning news on the break - down black and white portable . newsman in the wake of the nicaraguan revolution , chaos have descend on tiny El salvador ... today two more Catholic priest be find hack to death in a ditch outside the Capital . s0 far in two month more than 1000 people have '' disapoeare , '' many of they find murder in ditch and dump grounds along road outside the Capital and in the province ... government spokesman attribute the murder to leave - wing marxist terrorist , while leave - wing spokesman point to the right - wing '' death - squad . " 0.5 . government spokesman will only identify this assailant as . '' subversive " of both the right and leave ... in other news , the upcoming presidential election poll show Ronald Reagan lead ... 34 9c do do oc oc 2 . ( rev 5/30/ 85 ) ° i. cont would : 1 . a Claudia hand he the cry baby as the argument continue . boyle familiar with the child , rock it , feed it . Claudia throw the landlord 's eviction papers on the floor , cursing in italian . " fuck you , you bloodsucker , you black shiti " ) the landlord , who be black and particularly wicious - look , pick it back up , wave it at boyle . ( have a fistful of cash - just collect ) x landlord no buck no Buck Rogers boyle . you and this italian bitch be out . today ! boyle hev man . come on , aive I a break . x as he fumble with the hot plate and the instant coffee . . outside on the fire escape be diaper and a flash neon sign . his life be obviously a mess , papers and book everywhere , dirty clothes , Nikon camera , cyanide pill , cortison , war trophy , a VC flag , joint , cheap typewriter ... the landlord exit , mutter . . . landlord kr you will see boyle , you will see ( slam the door ) Claudia suddenly can not take it any longer , snap , cry . claudia no! basta ! I have have it ! I can not live like this ! no more ! I come from a family with class . I go to college . I have a doctorate in literature . what be I do live like this ! I do not come to America for this ! you lie to I ! you lie to I all the way through ! boyle ( soothing she ) look Claudia I be go to get on the phone right now and get 200 buck okay calm down ... claudia bullshit ! you be drink again . you make up any lie ! boyle no. no. no. I be all there . no drink , you will see ... one cence no ee oe eg eee stree een een ime '' cern nne ner teeeeeeenee ee oe 1 . cont would claudia bulishit ! all you do be drink ovt the icebox . anything . the other night it . be he baby formula you be so fuck grunk , you no good worthless bum of a bim ... boyle you will see , you will see honey ... as he clear he allergy , scratch himself all over . he get a quarter from the retractable piggy bank . 2 . %&int . tenement rallway 2. he 's on the pay phone with nancy goldberg at Pacific News service . for boyle bi , kancy , it 's Richard ... you know boyle ... listen it 's gonna blow in £ 1 salvador . Real soon . can you get I a new press card ? and two grand and I '11 get some great stuff for you . promise ... ( ° no way .°) okay what about a press card ? come on kancy . . : nancy voice boyle we have have it with you . we give you $ 2500 on that Lebanon gig and you end up in Greece fuck it away . boyle bancy , I try ! I just can not stand Muslim night life . I get ... nancy voice well we have have it with you . you go through money like attila the hun and no receipt ! you lose ticket , passport , you grink too much and you be a general embarrassment in the business , boyle . boyle yeah but I get you the story do not I ! what about that ira piece . torture by the brit . and Cambodia -- the last man out . I make Pacific News famous on that one . and do not forget freezing my nut off for you in the khyber pass . and what about El salvador hunh ? do not I call that one right ?... kancy ? the click the phone ) y- as . cont would 2 she 's hang up , @ woman in pin curler wait to use it . boyle pause , scratch he head -- one of he mannerism . be never quite allow himself to look defeat or sepress , he mind always racing ahead to the next possible strategy . be have another idea , pick up the phone . boyle Larry ..- boyle , hey thanks for fix my camera . look , I need another favor . larry ( rush ) take , Rich , I gotta be at the airport in a hour for Beirut . boyle look , Larry this be serious , I need 500 buck to get back to El salvador . 400 if you ... larry Zl salvador ? they will kill you if you go back there . boyle look what I need 's the money , not a lecture larry okay , 300 no more . meet I at Pan be in 40 minute . boyle ( " okay ! 1 " ) click off . 3 through 6 omit 3 through 6 ext . san francisco street <= day 7° in he racing green mg ( circa 1968 ) boyle be hunch over the wheel , eye like marmoset as the cop siren interrupt he daydream . 7 '' of wee CuT to : the cop , hold boyle 's 1979 press card , have just run a ab computer check on he . boyle be plead ... boyle eechonest officer I leave my license at home cop . Mr. boyle , you license have be revoke ... ou be drive without a license , registration , nsurance , you have four outstanding apeed ticket all go to warrant , you have .43 unpaid parking ticket , nothing 's legal about you car , and even you Press Card 's out of Gate ... I be take you in ... ( put the handcuffs on ) ~ ae cont would * ae boyle I be not that Richard boyle ! you get the wrong Richard boyle . there 's another Richard boyle ... Officer where 's you bimanity . Z just lose job , I just get evict , my wife 's gonna leave I , I can not even feed ay kid , gimme a break , come on . cop ( put he in the car ) osey ou wanna break mister , go to macdonald 's . int . jail - wext morning 8. boyle 's bleary - eye , a growth of beard as he step out of the jailblock to meet doctor rock , who 's come to bail he out . Doc be a out - of - work San Francisco rockandroll dj , same age as boyle , a whining , plaintive tone . boyle hey Doc , thanks rock ( nervous , rush ) come on boyle , get you car . we gotta get bagel out . he 's in oakland . be get bust by the Nazis and he 's in Dog dachau ... : boyle they get my car Doc ! I need $ 75 to get it out . Doc ( examine pocket ) oh shit ! I just pay $ 125 to get you out ! that 's all I get ( give he the '' 75 ) come on ! they be gonna drop the pellet ! ext . oakland bridge = day 9 . boyle and Doc speed across in the mg . a magnificent sunny day . but the two gonzo get two different thing on they mind . Doc pass a joint . poc ee-faster richie , willya , come on . boyle eechey it can not Doc , I do not even have a@ license man , they be gonna throw away the key , how long 's he be in there .. 's boc it do not know , I leave he with friend ... friend , hah . 10 . cont would boyle do not worry Doc , they do not gas ‘em gight away ... pec shit , everything 's go to shit . Miriam 's throw I out . she say I be too o1d to be a unemployed rock ané roll gisc jockey anymore , she want I to sell computer in silicon Valley = computer ! boyle ( a pet peeve of he ) I can not deal with yuppie woman . fuckin ' walkman , run shoe , they would rather go to aeorbic jazz class than fuck . ( Doc : '' they get this pussy exercise '' ) how Latin woman be totally different , they be kind ... like Claudia , she do not - give a shit what I do . poc «+- best thing about Latin woman be they go n*t speak English . can I crash at you place richie ? I get no place to go ... t'11 sleep in you shower stall , you toilet , I need a home , I ... boyle Doc , have another joint , I get bad news for you , I get no place . we be be évict . we be go - to stay with you and Miriam . boc you mean I give you my last 200 dollar and I do not have a place to stay now ! oy gevalt ! I be in deep shit . what be I gonna go now == I should have leave you in jail oakland dog pound 10 . doe race around the cage , " bagel ! bagel ! " ... no answer . the attendant be a humane , earthy - look woman in she 30' . Doc look everywhere around the cage for he beloved bagel . boyle be scratch he allergy . boc where 's my dog dog lady what 's he look like ? boc pull out a lixl¢ glossy of bagel . 20 . 22 . cont would : 10 . dog lapy yes , I know he . where be he ! dog lady I be sorry . we put he to sleep . we keep he more than 14 day , we try to ... boc put he to sleep ? be he go to wake up ? you mean you kill he ! you gass he ! dog lady : no , no , we do not gas they anymore . we give they a injection . it 's much more humane . boc ( freaking ) what kind of humanity be that ! you murderer ! I just can not believe it . my best friend . my longest relationship ! Seven year . my marriage only last four ! it 's not right , it 's not just dog lady I be very sorry , there be some : puppy ... doc ( wave bagel 's empty leash ) my dog 's leash ... boyle she can not do anything . come on ... boyle's tenement apartment '' day will . SE artment = day boyle run up the stair , Doc follow . boyle o+eClaudia 's get a few buck in the bank , she will help we but we gotta tell she real nice ... no more monster act doc. the eviction notice be on the door . boyle rip it off . on the back be scrawle in large letter " fuck you " in italian . Doc look at it over boyle 's shoulder . what 's it say ? boyle '' fuck you * in ttalian ... shit , she 's go back to Italy to she Parents . ssn re be I eee pee eee ay oe pipet on com . il . cont 'a 2 as he enter the apartment . it 's stripped , except for he girty clothes . and the black and white tv and the crib . bis face register a gepth of sorrow and gespair . . boc oh shit richie , it 's too bad ... at least she leave the tv. boyle pace to the crib , rock it , a dirty diaper leave behing . . boyle ( desolate ) it be a marriage make in hell but I be sure gonna miss my boy ... maybe she will come back doc ( laugh ) sure richie 12 . desert outside las vega - pay 22 . desert outside las vega = day the skyline of Vegas as boyle and rock speed toward it in they mg . rock smoking joint , listen to he rock and roll radio , boyle intent over the wheel , look now , suddenly , in he pocket . crumple bill , papers , money -- @ mess . be 's piss . '' boyle shit , she take my phone book ! all my bumber . fuck ! lose Claudia 's one thing ... you really do not give a shit do you Doc ... boc eee bll you get 's my old girlfriend number anyway . I get my own problem man . I be really depressed about bagel . you do not understand what we relationship be . be be my best friend . now you be my best friend . that 's very gepress to I ... do you think it 's easy not have any responsibility . I be 42 year old . I have no wife , no child , no father , mother , no dog -- I be totally fuck alone in the world , it 's frightening . ( boyle 's half - listen to Doc 's litany of woe ) what other 62 year - old man do you know who have absolutely no responsibility ? ( boyle look at he ) 13 . a . 15 . 16 . 9 . ( rev 576/85 ) - car dealership - las vega = day 13 . eee sas vega = day boyle signing over he mg , hand over a crumpled postage star : wize piece of paper ( title to the car ) to the far car salesmax , who give he $ 1,000 in cash . : boyle bustles out , to rock . " get it , let 's go .* interior - casino ma. boyle bet one roll of the roulette wheel . the whole $ 1000 . on red . the ball spin . Doc tense , chew gum . boyle look casual , not at all worried , @ look share between they . Red ! car lot = day a5 boyle busy he ear back . with the thousand . desert highway = day 16 sspe rl highway = day boyle race south across the endless gesert . Doc 's radio blast road song , Doc do a amphetemine and a joint , and @rink on a pre-make margarita bottle , boyle intent on the road , mind scheme , 100 mile a hour of concrete roll under they . : rock where we go now ? boyle Guatemala x rock why ? boyle why not . no cop , no law . Sun. cheap . great marijuana . there 's a great whorehouse in Guatemala . take credit card . Fake one , they do not care ... just like saigon . Red Dragon ... 9e 96 rock you gotta go 2000 mile for a whorehouse boyle . I know one in oakland for 2 1 / 2 buck . boyle ( a beat , interested ) where ? you ex- wife . dissolving to : a lo . . ( rev 5/30/ 85 ) 16 . cont 'd - Day 3 ( 6 day later ) 16 . more desert roll by . Endless cactus and brush . James Taylor blast '' oh Mexico '' now blend into a salvadoran tune . the car 's really beat to shit now , door wire on , windshield bust , muffler 's go , speedometer read zero , license plate fall off . boyle smoking a joint , a open tequilla bottle between he leg , do 100 mph . past a road sign say " santa ana 20 km . san salvador 100 km . " a vulture be sit on it . Doc , who be juggling the radio antenna to get signal , see it , piss . so piss he have to take another valium . boc you say fuck Guatemala boyle , you gid not say anything about E ] salvador ! man I have never be out of the country . x they kill people here . boyle you believe everything you read in the papers man ? you will love it here ! look Doc this be serious , this be my last shot . if I get some good combat shot , I can sell they to ap , I will get some money and we will head for La libertad , best surfing beach in the world , good time , kick back for a few month , you can live for a year on $ 300 . poc boyle , you have lie to I straight through boyle Doc , let 's assess you situation , face the hard cold fact of life -- you get no woman , no dog , no money , nobody love you and you be ugly -- here you will have a life ... rock ( do not want to hear it ) awright , awright , let 's go boyle e+- but you will lbve it here doc. you can . grive drunk , you can get anybody kill for fifty buck . best pussy in the world . where else can you get a virgin to sit on you face for 7 buck 10a ( rev 5/30/ 85 ) * rock this pussy better be the best thing in the world or I be go home . you be just lucky I be fuck up boyle boyle -+etwo virqin for twelve buck . and drug man , no prescription , they get stuff keep you hard all night long , all they want to do down here be fuck ... rock twelve buck ? we can talk they down do not you think ... boyle Dec , you be gonna be in pig heaven , believe I , you will love it here . oh shit ! hitting the brake , he dump the joint , drain the tequilla bottle , dump it . 16 . cont would ' not Doc puzzle . a dozen guy be out in the road , block it , . dress in civvy , with cowboy hat . they could be bandit , rebel , anything , but definitely not nice guy . boc why be they block the road man ? : boyle why , why , why , stop ask why , this @i not gringoland man ... check he pocket frantically now , find he cyanide pill , give one to Doc . . boyle eechide this , be cool man , act dumb . doc ( look at the pill ) what be this -- some kind of tranguillizer ? boyle yeah a permanent one -- cyanide man ... put it away . doc ( throw it away ) I be not take this shit ! boyle Boy be you gonna be sorry when they cut off you ball ! Doc obviously think boyle be overdo it . bis stone pov -- the approach roadblock . boyle pull the mg over . the honcho come over , peer down , @ carbine sling inch from boyle 's face . the guy be now obviously dead drunk . and mean . breathe tic-tac fume over boyle . boyle ° bey hola , como va amigo . es turista . americano . I gusto much el salvador . mi amigo ... give he a general bullshit Spanish , all smile . the guy obviously do not get it . a blank stupid look . the sun be pissing he off . he mutter something in slang salvo a@bout Santa Ana . close . ko go . boyle say something , the ry iogente get it , wave , two more guy come over , pidgen panish.e. - 16 . y as . - ( rev 5/9/55 ) cont would '' boyle now pull out the cheap gold watch from he pocket , treasure it with he eye like the diamond sapphire of India , °.e - @8 puro oro ... dos mille dollar ...° the guy eye it like @ python around a mouse , shake it , see it work , put it in he pants as the other two guy get piss at he . they talk among themselves . 16 . poyle , agitate under he smile , look at Doc , give he the Tel . . boyle tic-tac monster , man . Fucking trouble man . one of they noint to the '' periodista '' Press pass stick to the x front windshield . mutter aloud '' periodista ! '' the honcho x suddenly throw the door oren . " out ! now. wallet ! monev ! " x : sum ? CUT boyle and Doc be spread against the car . they be be stripped . of all valuable , wallet , money ... boyle ( worried now ) whatever they do , do not get down on the ground ... kick they in the ball , fight , run , do anything , but do not get down on the ground ! poe why ? boyle why ! they get you on the ground , they ean do what they want ! doc ( anesthetize on joint ) this be fuck scary man . boyle ( to himself ) come this far ... grease by a fuck tic-tac monster in salvoland , they will not believe this one ... aw who will give a shit anyway ! the grunk honcho pull back the bolt on he carbine . just as @ jeep grive up . in it be smiling deate , a Lieutenant in the National Guard . a young , thin , ascetic man with fix eye ané the aforesaid smile . smiling death que pasal drunken honceo - subversivo ! 16 . 12a cont would : le . boyle seize the opportunity , jump out , wave he papers at smiling death . boyle ko! periodistas ! ks amigo Colonel figueroa ! periodistas ! death look at he . be 's obviously brainier than the tic - tac monster that almost offed boyle and company . 13,0 ( rev 576/85 ) 16 . cont would a 1 € 18 . smiling death pigueroa ? boyle nod vigorously . ext . street of santa ana = day 1 ? — eee ana = _ day smiling deate and he driver roar up to a plaza in the heart of the city , next to a armore car . ' a dozen people be lay in the dirt , hand over they head . troops stand over they -- check they " cedulas " ( papers , internal passport ) . smiling death go over , to another officer , talk with he , point to boyle and rock . rock what 's go on ? what would he do ? x boyle oh he 's a student . that 's the worst thing you x can be here . they be check he cedula . x what 's that ? boyle birth certificate , voting papers . you go nort have oné , you ean'get into geep shit . the sergeant park @ young man up by the hair and @rag he , yell that he leave he cedula at home , over to smiling death . rock and boyle be force out of the jeep by a pair no Soldiers and march over to the armored car , glance at smiling death as he question the kid . the sergeant now hit the youth in the back of the head with he rifle butt . the kid go to he knee , praying for they to believe he . ° por favor , senor ! '' Little STREET urchins be all around , fascinate to witness this stuff , 18 . int . armore car = day =e = day boyle and rock be shove into the back of the car , the metal door slam on they . look out through the gunslit , they 'te in complete garkness . - boyle mo , yo estoy bueno amigo de Colonel figueroal ! 18 . 19 . 14 . cont would : 18 . they point of wiew -- smiling death take out he pistol , the rid begging . smiling death casually shoot he in the side of the head , stepping away fast not to get blood on himself . re walk off . . rock Holy shit !! Holy shit !! they be gonna kill we boyle ! the armore car suddenly take off , boyle and rock bounce back and forth in the darkness . rock Z think you know you way around here boyle , they be gonna kill we now be not they ? boyle ( scratch he head , a grim laugh ) well nobody ever get into trouble for . shoot somebody , only for let they go . * . CuT to : hour have pass . the tank come to a stop . Doc , tired , scared , crouch in | corner , sweat . boyle take a pee in the other corner . boc ( grimly ) this be it ... you get any of that tranguillizer leave ? boyle finger he cyanide pill . the 6oor cranking open . smiling death be stand there with a aide . a tense beat . smiling deate . Colonel figueroa be expect you for dinner . ext . military cuartel - pay ~ 1s . boyle and rock be march out . a bu le call . troops run in formation . the cuartel 4s build like a old US cavalry compound . as they step out of the carrier , a knot of kid and soldier be stare at the corpse of the young man without the cedula . he 's hang upside down from the top of the - carrier , bloody head stare at rock , mouth agepe . boyle hurry he along . past a giant poster with die soldier -- " it 's we duty to die for the fatherlandi® 6 15s . ( rev 5/30/ 85 ) 20 . interior figueroa quarter - night 20 . pigueroa boyle ! how would you get in here . no fuckin periodistas be allow ! boyle snuck in through Guatemala Colonel ... figueroa you damn bastard , you be lucky you still get you huevo ! they hug . figueroa , a handsome , US - train Colonel who look like patton , two 45s , shiny knee boot , riding crop , star a@ll over the place . figueroa come , caballeros , join we , more wine . quero pollo , pescado , muy fresco ... three semi - naked whore be run around he quarter , which be decorate with purple couch , hula girl lamp , horrid painting . a parrot croak . figueroa be obviously a little drunk . figueroa ( to the hooker ) my amigo here ... write I up in the american newspaper -- the " patton of El salvador " he call I boyle and rock sit down to the feast , servant scurrying to provide they with the food . rock amaze and somewhat suspicious over the sudden turn of event , be in pig heaven , paw a fat hooker . . boyle ( soaking he , to the other ) you be , julio , it be the last great cavalry charge in history ! in the soccer war with honduras in ' 69 , he go all the way to tegucigalpa ! not since attila the hun have there be such cavalry tactic ! figueroa love it , squeezing the ass on the 2nd Whore . - figueroa + seand this one take it up the cula . mae mene Te Te ae ee 16 . - ( rev 5/30/ 85 ) contt'd 's 20 . boyle ke-look like thing be heating up again julio . I guess that 's one of Major nax 's roadblock outside of town . figueroa that puta ! . {sotto voce to boyle , eye on servant ) there 's a coup in the air . bis man be everywhere . I do not even know who I can trust . half my man be work with the " escuadron de muerte , '' the other half be sell they weapon to the rebel and desert ... fuck rebel get two more battalion in the north , the junta 's get no power and the country 's go to shit ! fuckin 's Major Max talk - about fight communism , all he fight be with he mouth . oevddle the third one ) «sepussy with hand inside ... squeeze you to geath , no my little octopus ! ( she mutter some obscenity back at he ) oe oe boyle look at rock , a lot of information be give here ... boyle --- cound like the rehel could take it all , julio . if they take Santa Ana , they x eould split the country in two . x figueroa chuckle , produce a cloth sack which he bring over to the table , pour out the content . figueroa o+efirst they gotta get through I , and many putas have die try ... fuck they all ... | right -wing ear , leave -wing ear -- nobody 's '' X come into Santa Ana . Santa Ana be my town . x dozen of dry ear rustle across the tablecloth -- right in front of rock who react , disgust , " ugh ! ° boyle kick he under the table . the whore be very impressed , the Colonel muy macho now . boyle that 's real nice Colonel figueroa yeah we be do good ... enough of this fuck human rights take one ear , plop it in he champagne glass . it seem to come alive , listen to they conversation . a big hairy ear float in the bubbles . 17 . ( rev 5/30 / 85 : 20 . cont would ~ 20 . ~*~ boyle e-- say , Colonel , maybe you can let I go out with one of you recon unit or something . I could sure use some good combat shot y’know ... i°1 ] make ex look good . figueroa you fuck this one boyle , I fuck the skinny one . you friend he can have the chubby one ... death to Communists ! death to x all enemy . let they hear I ! Long live salvador ! x as he raise the champagne with the ear in it , toast the table , drink , give it to the giggle whore , who grink , pass it to boyle ... rock 's eye glue to the content of the glass , about to throw up , the ear all over the table . the fat hooker . squeeze he ball . : fat hooker fuckee suckee youl !! boyle lin Spanish , drink the toast ) eeeleave he alone ! he get the clap in : '' Guatemala and dysentary here . ( laugh ) va he 's drip out both end ! - she draw back . just in time . as Doc , eye roll , the champagne glass with the ear in it now press into he hand , throw up all over the white tablecloth . 21 . ext . road to capital - that night 21 . sat . road to capital - that night there 's a white flag on the break antenna and " tv " be tape on the crack in the windshield as boyle and rock speed towards the capital , headlight cut the darkness . a song on the radio <= '' every move you make , every breath you take , I will be watch you ...° rock look richie , it be fun travel with you you know , but now I would like to get a plane out of here , you know I get thing to do in San Francisco , I get a life there , even with Miriam . 2 get you outta jail and you owe I a lot of money over the year , I think now be the time to part company ... ( 23 . contra a 22 24 . 25 . of . . boyle ( peer ahead ) . later docl ... give I the mace outta the glove compartment . road can get tricky at night here . rock mace ? : boyle do not worry doc. just a precaution . I be cover ... I go for the jug . two second . eye glint madly as he produce a bio switchblade from he ssfari pocket . he grin . rock ( more seriously ) look boyle ... as boyle suddenly spin the wheel -- a man drunk in they headlight , walk right at they down the center of the highway . . boyle just miss he , not even break speed . Doc catch @ glimpse of this creature who have be spun around by the velocity and now walk zombie-like after they . ° rock what be that ? boyle Fucking tic-tac monster . almost fuck up my car . gimme the map . & 23 omittea — ~ 22 ext . street - san salvador - dawn mie St reet = san salvador = dawn boyle roar into the parking lot of a macdonald 's in downtown , San salvador . int . macdonald ant dawn the place be fill with ghoul -- tic-tac monster , drunk mariachi band play out of sync , ' orphane child begging , sleep in a corner . a security guard with @ saw - off shotgun look at they , go back to sleep . rock get he hamburger , menace now by a tic-tac monster who start @rooling on he . rock try to be nice to he . a . 21 25 . 1s . ( rev 4/2785 , 25 cont would lome fs l£ boyle , ignore this , go over to JOHN cassady in the back , . load he three camera and four lense at a table -- real fast . the man be in perpetual motement , @ nervous wreck , war correspondent for too long , 36 push 45 , @ handsome gaze . boyle hi John , figure I would find you here ... cassady ( a little surprised ) boyle -- I hear you be dead ... boyle , not like this talk too puch , try a laugh . boyle bo I look that bad ? ( cover with dust and shit ) . cassady yeah ... I hear they get you up in Guatemala . in some prison or something . pull ent you fingernails . torture you to death . 20 . L 25 cont would 25 boyle ( laugh , but not too much ) puck guat . sow be Beirut ? rock come over , sit gown , gobble he Big Mac and fries like a ravage man , boyle barely introduc . hin , sort of ashamed about he in front of cassady . - e tic- tac monster trail Doc , sense # soft touch . Fucking awfui cassady boyle great cover for Newsweek , jobo : '' 49ohn nod , appreciate the compliment ) cassady bow come you split so fast ? boyle Little beef with Major Max 's boy , they @id not like the torture chamber story ? doc rock what 's this , you do not say this Major - Max character be after you on top a : of everything boyle ! boyle that be a year ago Doc , they do not have yuppie computer down here - boc look I be get out of here boyle . first plane . I be not kid . this shit 's go far enough . you give I the rest of the money now . I be serious . no bullshit . Doc give the zombie one of he french fries and the tac monster gobbles it down , eye begging for another , @rocling over Doc , 7 2b es oo boyle ( annoyed now ) what money ! Doc , you be on valium too long . the money 's go , that transmission fot Guatemala , gas , border ripoff , ' whore . we 're. down to 15 peso and ... wait a minute , that Big Mac cost 12 , asshole , we be gown to 3 peso = no 2 ! shit , stop give that tic-tac monster french fries ... ~ Zn 25 cont would 22 . Doc absent - mindedly give the monster another fry as he 25 go white now , really angry at boyle , jump up to shake he by the collar . 's : boc Three peso ! you mean to tell I we have 3 peso leave ! my gog be dead , Miriam be go , I have almost be shot and I be in El salvador with 3 peso ! hey I be really pissed off the tic-tac monster now eat the distract Doc 's fries , g@rool all over cassady 's ' camera . cassady be a professional all the way and be now get really annoyed at this interruption by boyle and he idiot friend who 's bring the tac monster . boyle , in a chain reaction , now get piss at doc. . — boyle - Doc , do not let this tic-tac monster g6rool all over we cameras , you can not get rid of they . you know why he 's @rooling -- cause he érink tic-tac that 's why ( boyle fish out he own bottle from . he safari jacket ) «seit cost 17 cent and it blow they brain cell ovt and if you give en anything you can not get rid of they doc ( shaking he ) what doe this have to do with meiil boyle everything ! you liberal shit be cause this guy to érool on we for hour , they will follow we everywhere boc ( half out of he mind now ) look richie , I can not speak the language ! T get 2 peso ! I gotta get outta here ! the tic-tac monster 's eye lighting up when he see boyle 's tic -tac bottle , go for it , knock over the coffee on the table . boyle shit ! see yor can not get rid of they . ..80 ro wear liberal yuppie shit with this somby . oki1 ! . : . ( to cassaédy ) sorry joha_ . 25 . 26 . ( rev 5/21/85 ) 22 . cont 'd : Doc stare at Richard , suddenly grab the two peso on 25 . the table and yell in he face . boc puck you boyle . i'm getting out of here and run out into the parking lot . the tic-tac monster shuffle after he . cassady put some money down on the teble , gather up he stuff . cassady it 's on Newsweek . boyle hurry after he , not want to lose this chance . boyle bey John thanks for the burger . sorry bout ... look , this be the truth , I get fire by pns ... I really need a string down here real bad . cassady be finally impressed by boyle 's honesty , feel a little sorry for he . cassady look , Rich , there 's no work here , nobody give a shit about this istink little war . last week a x sniper get a mexican tv guy . they be x aim at we . try angola < '' + x boyle ( know the idea be absurd , try one more tact ) look I can get you out with figueroa . x I just see he and I get carte blanche x with he elite unit . cassady listen , but keep walk . out of macdonald 's . ext . macdonald parking lot - dawn oe 26 . cassady step out . boyle wait for he answer ... rock be pace around the lot , try to get rid of the tic-tac monster . cassady ( notice boyle 's mg ) still get that green deathmobile , boyle ? boyle ( open the door for he ) yeah . wanna go on the Dawn patrol , John ? a 01d look between they . daunting devil both . cassady finally smile . '' okay . '' boyle -~ '' let 's gol® : 23,0 . ( rev 5/6/85 ) 27 . omit - 27 28 . ext . " EL playon " landscape - outside CITY ~ dawn 28 . — ee ~ outside CITY - dawn a huge garbage dump . rotting fruit . flies. stench . wile goas root around among the chicken and aoat . cassady shoot film . Three body , two young man , one woman , hand neatly knotted behind they back . lying in a ditch . torture burn . ' rock see it , react quietly this time , never havine see a dead person like this . bovle talk to cassady , not shoot , not wantina to eut into cassady 's gig . cassady go on . take some ... ( move on ) boyle take he cue , move to the edge of a quich . we move wth he to discover the horrible sight of dozen of fresh body strewn down the side of the slope . . vulture be everywhere , peck out eyeball and viscera . Doc follow boyle . throw away the remnant of he hamburger . a vulture unseen to he , come up to get it behind he . 24 . ( rev 4.1765 ) . 'a . 28 borie crossing down to cassady who be workinc he telephoto 28 . on the corpse , like a mechanic in some grizzle mortuary . boyle look john. , you know alvarez , _vou can get I out with the rebel . he think I 's a flake , some wino journalist . I be not . I have clean up my act ... boc ( interrupt ) - get out_of here ! boyle and cassady look up the gulch . poc be freaking out . '' a ‘vulture peck at ris foot . he try to kick it away but the bird have no fear . Doc run down the gulch toward they . boc shit , it bit I ! it bit I ! rt 's get raby . man I be fuck . I need a fabie shot boyle ! boyle shut up willya . ya big baby ... nobody 's ever get raby from a vulture . ' turn back to cassady who do not even geign to bother '' witn rock : the two of then walk ’on . ~ boyle come on schr I need one more shot at it . I be down to three peso . cassady .( between shot ) . you know who be a great photographer . capa . boyle yeah , that be a great shot in Spain . guy fly through the air cassady '' ( excited ) capa get that point of death . boyle ( stroking he ) wee nre right up there with he John <- right there hh that league , you be the best ... cassady I want to get a shot like that Rich ... someday , fuck it , I want that shot ... - 29 . 25 . | ( rev 5/21/85 ) cont 'd : 28 ° boyle then you will get it man ... Doc pop a valium , try to calm down , move away as another vulture seem to creep towards he , mutter " let 's get the fuck outta here man .* boyle and cassady head back to the mg , Doc racing over , rub he leg . poc you sure you can not get raby from a@ vulture ? cassady ( ignore he ) alvarez 's people be stake out at the Cathedral this day . i'11 talk to he ... you might check in with the new ambassador -- Tom Kelly , he 's okay . ux boyle Kelly ? -- from Cambodia . sure . I know x he real well . good man . x rock what about the fuck beach man ? . boyle free varty Doc , pretty embassy girl , free munchy ... you will love it ... ( to John , with effusive beggary ) thanks John . tries to touch he in thanks but John pull away . he 's not the sort who like to be touch . cassady ( eyeing Doc ) eeeT do not have to tell you to watch it . doc ( chase the vulture off with a rock , to boyle ) asshole . if I get raby man ... int . ap office - morning 29 . boyle race upstairs . the bureau chief , a young man of 24 , lanky , glass , be asleep on the couch , wake up as boyle , impatient to get go , lay two 35 mm roll on the desk . 26 , ct ( rev 5/21/85 ) 29 . cont'd S 29 . ~~ bureau chief boyle , I hear the brit get you in , belfast ... boyle : Fucking brit . come on maurey , two roll . . asa 800 : bureau chief bang bang ? boyle no. death squad stuff . maybe one good shot . bureau chief we will soup they . same deal . twenty - five buck on acceptance . full rights . boyle how bout a little advance ? ten buck ? bureau chief ( shrug no ) you know the rule . kr bovle , piss , finger the film a second , then change he mind . boyle fuck it man , I be not in that bad shape . 30 . ext / int . CITY cathedral ~ downtown san salvador = day 30 . boyle with rock jump out of the mg . a car cruise past with loudsveaker hook to the roof , make street announcement . boyle hold up he old crumpled press card , force he way past a surly National Guard sergeant , past all sort of banner proclaim Worker 's rights , Union rights , land Reform ... the grounds outside the Church be jamme with campecino , land reform type , farmer , student -- get up petition , draw poster . woman -- direct by a strike , dark - feature carmen sanchez -- be cut up pile of vegetable into a stew for a line of worker . boyle take picture with he Nikon . boc what 's qoing on man ? Te not abet ee emcee ote re tee pete ee we coe 27 , . ( rev 5/27/85 ) 30 . cont 'd , 30. os boyle people come here to try to find out what happen to they disappear . ( point ) this people be in from a land coop . they get run off by the police and they be on a hunger strike . doc ( nervous ) Z see this in " Zapata " man boyle lead rock to the human rights Office , outdoors under x a tent . ramon alvarez , a young handsome leader of a leave - wing party , be pass photo album among the woman look for they lose one . as they leaf through the album , we see literally thousand of picture of mutilate death squad victim . Doc be further sicken , leave . a mother suddenly recognize the face of one of the victim -- she son . she break down . Ramon alvarez try to comfort she , '' lo siento , lo siento . " a dutch tv crew be there , lead by jurgen oltman , a big pushy man , who instruct he camera crew to cover the tear . a alvarez , annoyed at they , wave they off . boyle slip . over to Ramon , try to get he attention before he move away . boyle Ramon , hi ... do cassady talk to you about my go out ... with the muchachos ? carmen sanchez come out , hand Ramon petition . she acknowledge Richard with a quick nod and smile , seem to remember hin . '' boyle ( press Ramon sotto voce ) Ramon , I need a break real bad . I do @ good story on you last year ... ramon look boyle , I be not a travel agency for you guy . boyle if Major Max take power , you people could sure use some good press . Ramon snap , throw the portfolio at boyle . he point at the . young mother , cry , and the dozen other woman search fr through the book . 27a - ( rev $ 727,785 ) 30 . corp - , : 30 . ramon good press . there be 10,000 gesaparecide and every day the list grow and you pendejo talk about good press . . boyle be uneasy about the @ress down . one of Ramon 's bodyguard come up to he , a machine pistol wrap in a newspaper ... boyle eye it . ramon lilevalo afuera ( get that out of here ) . the bodyguard nod , tuck away the machine pistol and hurry out . carmen sense boyle 's uneasiness . boyle look at she sheepishly , pull out he death squad negative . boyle «listen I get some shot for you , I - be out at El ] playon this morning . carmen ( take they ) thanks Richard . Ramon see this , nod at carmen , '' montana , si , " and then go back to comfort the young woman who have now totally break down . carmen come back next week , I '2 ] arrange it . boyle touch she , say " gracias .* boyle Ramon should be more careful , he 's number one on Major Max 's shitlist . she nod knowingly , go , as Doc come up , totally gross out by the scene , the grizzly photo , the young woman sobbing uncontrollably . boyle ( indicate Ramon and carmen ) people like that make I feel like I blow my life ... cur to : y Fe not ee ce en pee ee -- 30 . 27b - x | cont 'd ( rev 5/27/85 ) behind the Church , in a courtyard , be a makeshift orphanage 30 . with two nin and about forty crild , age newborn to @ight , the nun dish ovt lunch , the child buddle around boyle and Doc , excited by the new visitor . they be orphan of war , child of the gisappear , burn mark and scar and mutilation on then . for . boyle ( to mun ) bow be you sister ? sister stan ( recognize Richard , but not he name ) oh fine . it 's good to see you back . Cathy 's around here ... ( a irish brogue ) a little boy put a clamp on Richard 's leg . boyle you look busy ? sister stan ( with a tolerant smile for all misfortune ) yes . all of they within the last month . Parents miss , dead , lose -- it 's get very bad here . we even get a threat last week against the orphanage ... — ( point to a little girl without a leg huddle around Richard ) she 's the last survivor from the massacre up at Rio lempa ... boyle I hear about that ... government helicopter open up as they be crossing the river ?... sister stan it 's very bad now , very bad . madness on . both side . . cathy moore come up with a box of medical supplies . a pretty young irish - american girl , in she twenty , a lay worker , tired now but still energetic ... boyle : Cathy Moore , the prettiest coleen in all of El salvador . Cathy smile , distract , set to work to fit a artificial leg she pull from the box onto the ' little girl . 30 . 270 - x ( rev 5/27/85 ) cont 'p a 30 . cathy ( in Spanish ) anisetta , come ... boyle , you degenerate . come back to visit all you old girlfriend at the noa noa ? boyle come on Cathy , you have ruin that by convert they on I . with the help of sister Stan she start fitting the leg . boyle be obviously affect , try to chat with the girl in break Spanish but she just stare at he . be take picture as he talk . boyle need a ride to libertad Cathy , I be go tomorrow ? cathy can not ... too much to do here ... she curse . the artificial leg be too big . the little girl seem to realize it , look back at they blankly . cathy ( piss , to sister Stan ) T tell Cleveland the size ! they promise I ! she throw it back in the box , frustrated . sister stan now come on , Cathy , this thing happen . there will be another shipment next month . anisetta can wait ... a quietness in the eye of the child that 's heartbreaking . rock look away . boyle , finish , put he camera away , affect . ( Rev. 5/27/85 ) omit page 28 and 29 31 . 30 . ( rev $ /27785 ) ext / int . camino real bar - night 32 . possibly the roof of the hotel or out by the swim pool . military personnel and spook type hang out there , some Press , wostly Americans . a loudspeaker announce the result of the u.5 . presidential election or it be cover by satellite - dish fv coverage . everybody be festive , a little drunk . a smal ) salvo band play . royle in stinky clothing , rock limping on he bandage , wulture - bitten foot , be gorging the free hor d'oeuvre laid out on a banquet table as Reagan sweep New England . «+- can you believe some guy who be @ straight man to a chimpanzee be gonna be President of the United States -- do not it depress you ? boyle spot somebody , go over . jack morgan be a handsome , Yale -educate civilian , every mother 's drean . boyle bi Jack . what be you do here ? morgan boyle ? I hear you be dead . boyle take more than wishing . what bring you down here Jack ? Reagan plan ahead ? Morgan give he a dirty look , introduce he to he party -- which be what boyle want . morgan Colonel bentley hyde , milgroup , Bob samuel , usaid , millicent Davies from usafl -cio ... brief nod all around , they be in conversation , but boyle push in , to Colonel byde , a big , cigar -smoke assertive german of a man who stand at the bar . x boyle you g6o not remember I Colonel ? Pacific News service . Vietnam ? Richard boyle ? hyde yeah , I remember . last I hear about you be when thieu kick you out . '' y 32 . 32 . . ( rev 5/27/85 ) cont 'd i 31 . hyde size up boyle , tower over he . he take out a cigar while talk , offer one to boyle . boyle eagerly take it , boyle ( laugh ) yeah , but Mr. thieu get kick ont after I . boyle 's joke do not sit well with byde , boyle pick up on it and light he cigar , a gesture to show respect . boyle even move to light it , hyde smile . byde you know , I never understand why you guy like the commy go much . if you be a vietnamese you would be work in @ re-education camp pull up turnip . boyle Colonel , you do not find I apply for vietnamese citizenship , hyde yeah , they do not go for that funny stuff you smoke , old buddy . ( qaugh ) - boyle bentley , I need a big favor , can you get out on a cazadore op ? hyde puff on the cigar , again size up boyle . boyle be a opposite of everything the Colonel be , boyle be sloppy , the Colonel correct , but there be a sort of comaraderie , as boyle have at least see combat and know he shit . hyde if I get you out , what 's in it for I ? boyle ponder the question , know the implication . hyde smile , a sly , know smile and move off , Morgan slip out of earshot with boyle . morgan . you go out with the muchachos ? 31 . cont 'd 31a ( rev 5/27/85 ) 31 . boyle ( cryptic ) try ... yp morgan ( know he will ) «eethere 's something in the wind . they be get weapon , lot of they , through wicaragua and they be gonna make a move pretty soon . so any information , picture , anything you can throw my way , Rich ... we can make life easy for you down here ... boyle ( vague ) I do not know Jack , that stuff 's hard to prove . I hear they be get most of they weapon on the black market in Miami or off government troops . morgan last year . this year castro 's get they organize , it 's Warsaw bloc stuff and they be not fuck around . boyle same old Black Jack , communist fuck we in the ass everywhere right ... . morgan you be not go to think this be all one big joke when they take this place . Nicaragua be just the beginning . Guatemala and honduras be target next , and in five year you will be see Cuban tank division on the Rio Grande . boyle ( laugh ) Jack , gimme a break , Cuban tank on the Rio Grande . I be more worried about Major Max on the Rio Grande . T will cail you . buy I lunch . say Jack can you lend I fifty buck ? 31 . 32 . - . ( rev 5/21/85 ) cont 'd '' 32 morgan ( laugh ) yeah well from what I hear Major Max might be run this place real soon , 80 watch yourself old buddy ... boyle smile , look at he a beat . be he serious ? Morgan , ©ryptic now , go back to he table with hyde as cheer go up , Reagan have just swept New York . a overwhelm lead . the military personnel in the room obviously pleased . rock , eat @ giant sandwich with everything he can get from the buffet table on it , be try to cozy up toa cleancut wac in uniform , a chunky little tyke from omaha . so what be you go here ? wac oh , I be a doorgunner rock a what ? hey what 's go on around here ? I be start to feel like I be on acid and it 's 1967 and I be listen to jimi rendryx . : wac uh , what do you mean ? rock mean ? you know -- Vietnam . we get ready to invade or what ? wac uh I do not know what you mean , I be kinda young during that ... listen , I be not suppose to talk to the Press okay . and you be weird . 60 fuck off . boc hey I be not the Press I be a rock and roll bg ( she 's go ) s+eand what be I do here ? boyle ( come over ) everything cool . poc hey this be great Rich . I think T be gonna get laid tonight . 31 . 33 . ( rev 5/21/85 ) cont 'd a ~ 32 boyle lead he to a table where peter cunningham be just sit down with pauline axelrod and JOHN cassady . cunningham be the Australian bureau chief for CNN News , axelrod a CBS glamour puss down here to make she bone . - cunningham . choy oy Richard -- last I hear the khmer rouge put a pickax in you head ... boyle ( a grim chuckle ) no , Peter , look I still get my head . cunningham you dinky dow boyle . you know pauline axelrod ... Richard boyle . boyle nod , ' sure 's . pauline let she eye travel over he grungy clothes . I pauline of course I know boyle . who you '' work '' for now ? boyle ignore the tone , pull up a chair and squeezing himself in between she and cunningham . boyle oh I get a great gig go . get a book advance from City light on my salvador storey ... you know Doctor rock , the San Francisco rock and roll disc jockey ? rock sit next to pavline , eyeing she . she turn she attention to cassady who do not socialize . wait for the election result , he make log and caption he grizzly glossy of the Dawn patrol corpse . cunningham I hear you get through the roadblock at Santa Ana boyle ( aside ) yeah , you get I on as a field producer Peter and I 'l ] get yoy out with figueroa cunningham can not do that without a okay from Atlanta boyle could you try Peter ? 31 . 34 . . ( rev 5/21/85 cont'd 31 . cunningham e-- at you age boyle , with a break back , you still humping with the kid ? boyle gotta make a live somehow Peter pauline ( to cassady , look at he picture ) Jesus they take the fetus out the tv announce Texas have just go for Reagan . a roar from the crowd . boyle and rock be now get bomb , both totally depressed by the apparent victory , cunningham , pauline , cassady show no emotion , if they have any . pauline ( to cunningham , fishing ) I get to do a standup from the roof at ten -- ' boil all this down . cunningham ( a little bomb ) well you can not go wrong say with Mr. Reagan in the saddle , the leave be in " deep shit " pauline ( produce a newspaper clipping ) I know that but the Journal be run with a rah-rah democracy piece , free election all that , the net be ask for the same thing , what do you think ? cunningham glance at the piece , boyle read it over he shoulder . rock , who do not like pauline , slip a little tab of acid into she champagne . she do not notice . boyle ( drunk now ) pavline , this article be totally 100 percent and unequivocally full of shit ! pauline look boyle I resent ... boyle ( pound he fist on the table ) yeah well I resent what I see in Santa Ana . a kid shot in the head and drag by a tank because he do not have a fuck cedula . you know what a cedula be ? 31 . cont 'd 35 . ( rev 5/21/85 ) 31 . pauline course I know what a cedula be ... you be a real pro boyle boyle yeah , well you want to analyze the situation , do it right ! you do not have one of that cedulas stamp election Gay , you be dead , what kinda semocracy be it when you have to vote and if you @o not vote you be a commie subversivo ... this people would vote for donald duck or genghis khan , whatever the local cop tell they to do cause if they do not ... this be what happen ! pushes the picture of the woman with the fetus rip out in front of pavline . she look away , piss at hin . . cunningham come on Rich , calm down -- and lay off the sauce boyle puck yuppy ... do a standup from the roof of the camino Real for CBS . think they get the whole story . '' my two week in El salvador ... " hiding under a bed in the camino Real . course they get they storey publish . Cause they kiss the right ass in New York ... doc ( whisper to boyle ) just give that bitch 500 mike of pure blotter . can not wait to see she " boil down " . boyle give he a glaze look like '' you do what asshole ! " the table be already quite uneasy . pauline be white , angry , rink half she wine in one gulp . poc bey pavline , you like rock and roll ? pauline ( get up abruptly ) wo I hate it . Excuse I . - boc so I do not want to fuck you either ~ be . 32 . 33 . '' 34 . 1 7 ns . 35 . be * @ room . the sound of a march song . Men 's voice . 36 . . ( rev 5/27/85 ) conr 'p ; a. boyle ( suddenly smile ) aw come on pauline , I be sorry ok , be a@ sport ... I be a asshole . pauline ( coldly ) : fuck you boyle bhe leave . boyle shrug , glaze . cassady ( pause , shrug ) well I guess you just blow it string for CBS . a climactic roar go up from the crowd as Reagan take California . the crowd cheer . a band play " California bere I come . * omit 32 . omrr the 33 . ext . street of escalon district - night 34 . along the quiet tree -line street of upper class escalon , the militias be out in force , roaring along the avenue in jeep , shoot off gun . the sound of the mano Blanco march song blaring from radio . homeowner lean out they window , fire rifle off . a car with a loudspeaker on the roof drive by , announce in Spanish that Reagan have now win the entire nation -~ except Massachusetts -- by a landslide ! with uw . int . major max villa - night the camera move to a gate on the street , with civilian armed guard patrol . the gate open . a limousine slide out . a brief view -- three NORTH american - look men in the backseat -- jowly , politician - type man in suit . the camera close along a patio . servant move . into fee not tremble , Communists " be the best English translation or it . a white arana Party flag dominate the room . ' twelve man be there -- some of they military officer , some wear uniform of the mano Blanco , some .a youth guard . one of they be smiling death , the Lieutenant at the roadblock . 35 . 36r . ( rev 5/27/65 : cont 'd of 35 . the camera move over they face , raptly turn in the @irection of Major Max , who we hear now -- short staccato , nervous Spanish ... a monologue fill with obscenity ... the man laugh at the macho language ... past the fat , wily gomez , he second in command , to Max himself -- a handsome , ehort macho guy with wavy black hair in the eddie fisher mold and elevator heel to compensate for he five foot six inch . be be a strong man , muscular , intense , in the tradition of the Spanish cavdillo , pack a .38 on he back hip , chain -smoke , swear freely , a tough gangster guy . omit page 37 38 . '' ~ 35 . cont 'a major max 35 . o+- this dunbshit duarte now have to go back and lick he puta ' 's pussy , the . shit -face faggot everyday look more and more like a watermelon -- Christian Democrat green on the outside and when my machete split he open , Moscow reé on the inside !... they roar with laughter at this . he raise the magic bullet in the air for all of they to see , and now walk among the twelve man , touch each on the back of the neck ... major max ooey , the time 's come now for we brother o> former member of orden , patriot of the maximilio hernandez Brigade , brother of the mano Blanco -- ( each subunit reacting with pride ) and this fuck priest that be poisoning the mind of we salvadoran youth be gonna be the first to bleed ... they be pig shit and this romero be the biggest pig shit of all -- a shit -face gesecration of a archbishop ... and with ~~ this bullet he will be the first to die ... for every one of we people , we will kill 100 of they . we will avenge the killer of the South African ambassador , of Colonel Rosario , of molina , and gutierrez ané the Mayor of El ] paraiso ... al1 this shit -face subversive that have solé we country out to the communist will die ... duarte , Kelly , erlich , Zaun ( run off a whole list ) , the pseudo- journalist send here by the Zionist Communist conspiracy , they will all @ie ... now who will be the : one among you to rid I of this romero ? . the twelve men come forward as one . major max ( proud of he boy ) ( pick one ) : - you will be famous . song will be sung about you . . good...you ... give he the bullet which the young soldier accept proudly . Max kiss he on the cheek . then they all 6 nap.out they kazi salute and start to sing the solemn , yet unintentionally - yf ~ '' " humorous mand Blanco natfonal anthem -- patria s& , e : comunisme no ... '' etc . smiling death , he arm outraise , be prouder now than he have ever be in he life . he now belong . 39 , - ( Rev. 5/27/85 ) 3c. omit 36 37 . omit 37 38 . omit 38 40 . 39 . ext . libertad village - by the sea ~- late day 39 . boyle come speed into the town . past the Central Square . vulture pick at garbage . a lively tropical beach town border the sea . palm and garbage side by side . 40 . int . pharmacy = LA libertad - day 40 . & break - down store with dusty pot , herb , medicine . the toothless old crazy - look bruja , 60ish , be put together a syringe from 6 or 7 various box of antibiotic . boyle add another one . she giggle , mutter with boyle , rock worried , he pants down , he ass expose . rock what 's she laugh about ? what about a fuck subscription man ? i boyle do not need one here . rock what 's she say ? boyle ( a chuckle ) she 's say she 's put every kind of antibiotic she 's get into this one and if it do not clean you out in one shot , it will kill you boc not funny boyle . I think I want the cyanide back . the bruja approach he with the needle . boyle too late doc. listen , I gotta run . meet you later at Roberto 's . do not pay she a thing . I get credit here . see you ... ( run out ) a beer will top it off good . : the bruja try to catch boyle with she bill as she stick . Doc in the ass . he groan . 4 ) , bxt. _river / bridge - adjacent town = twilight os 41 . Richard roar up in he mg , on the bridge , look down eagerly . there must be fifty women do they laundry on the stone in the river . he hurry down the bank , look . 41 , ( rev 5/23/85 ) 41 . cont would : . 4l . on she 's there . Maria , beat the clothes dry , a sizple pretty campecina , early twenty . boyle Maria ! when she see he , she 's flabbergasted . she think he be dead . she go white . her son duglas , 4 , run up to boyle , barefoot , ' grab he . reina , the smaller baby , 2 , be splash in a mud puddle ... . all the tension seem to drain from Richard 's face now . and we might understand why up to now he have be in euch a hurry . this have be he destination . ne go up to she . she rise to meet he . Maria be a little ) @care . she only speak Spanish . maria they say you be dead ... ' boyle see for yourself ... vamo a mis casa ? she 's not sure . the neighbor woman continue to wash but be £ vastly curious , smile among themselves . the crazy gringo be back . maria '' be you still drunk ( barracho ) ? you still crazy ? boyle le no. no Maria . no mas cerveza . no mas tic-tac . he go up to she , run he hand along she hair . she 's not sure . take she by the hand , sweeping she along . boyle come , rapido , look , my new car . I sell x niy book ... I have money now . x 42 . ext . roadside near bridge - day cur to : 42 . ' they go up the hill to the mg . duglas love it , éance around the car , Richard pull out a bulk tee-shirt for he and go a bulk imitation . reina in Maria 's arm be too young to appreciate it . the topper {s boyle 's pull out the black ana white portable tv and show it to duglas who go crazy . it bring a fr smile to Maria 's face ... 42 . 43 . 42 . ( rev 5721/85 4 cont'd boyle cross to she , hold she ? yes ? she still have not x commit to get in the car . x . . maria Z know you have another woman in the north . boyle mo. terminado . seguro . solamente usted . venga ... por favor . Maria . be be incongrucusly docile with she , totally under she gentle control , try to please she in every way . she be to he the apotheosis of latina beauty . she timidly get in the car . he go wildwith happiness , put the kid in . int . maria' beach house - ocean - twilight 63 . a palapa- type house fully open to the wind , hammock , a stove , the sun set . x richaré in the hammock with the naked Maria . a simple beauty , racious and tithe , they have just make love ... reina , the titele girl , crawl up richaré 's belly . duglas watch cartoon on the black and white tv . a moment of pure peace for Richard -- a sort of King with he adopt family . we dwell on he face as Maria stroke it . a big ugly toad in the shadow croak out a song . duglas shriek , point . richard be that you Major Max ? you still '' watch the house ? Maria giggle like a little girl , they tickle each other , the moment interrupt as rock and carlo , Maria 's 15 year - old brother , bang into the house , he radio blaster play . he 's a sharp little hippie in a l.a . Rams tee-shirt and a grateful Dead hat , he talk a outdated slang . as he give boyle they old handshake . carlo bey ricardo , you back from the dead man . I like you friend Doctor rock , man he know rock and roll ( grab boyle 's Nikon ) ooooh -- look at that tit click off a picture of Maria and Richard in the hammock , he know how to use the camera . she shriek , innocent about she body , whipping on a towel on she pubic area but she breast be etill expose . she run off the hammock , into e et . a 43 . WA : 43 . . ( rev 5/22/65 ) cont 'é oa : 4 carlos see a pile of Richard 's weed on a table where Doc be roll himself a joint . carlo wow ! sey ricardo can I have some ? dust a little ? my main man ... boyle yeah go ahead he scoops up some into a newspaper , as rock light up . carlo bey man this guy 's cool , where would you find he , elvis be he main man ... Doctor r-o-c - k ! as Maria come out , see carlos take the grass and share Doc 's joint . she give Richard a @irty look , angry . he smile back at she , shrug . af . boyle ( to rock ) how ya feel Doc ? doc ( eye roll , joint smoke all over he face ) oh man I do not know anymore richie -- place be get weird . I can still see that vulture man , peck out my eyeball , y ' know ... loud Music as the mano Blanco Party theme come on the Television . and Major Max appear -- with a watermelon and 4 machete . as he give he spiel about the Christian Democrats be green on the outside and -- slash go he machete -- red on the inside ... then back to loud music , which be so catchy that duglas sing along merrily . boyle join in with dugias , find it pretty funny . carlos watch , sneer . 44 . ext . roberto's restaurant day ( Day 7 = 3 day later ) 44 they be eat lobster outdoors on the patio -- boyle , maria , reina and duglas , they grandmother ( a feisty little monkey of a lady chew on a cigar ) , carlo and two of he young friend , rafael and jaimie . the rest of the place be jamme with diner . a mariachi band be play and thing be get rowdy . boyle be devour lobster , tic-tac , joint be pass around , a_drunken tic - tac monster wander just outside the restaurant along the beach , drop he pants and squat in the shadow . 44 . a ( rev 5/21/85 ) cont would : '' rock , eat , be turn off . . roberto , the american exile owner of the restaurant , ex-surfer , straiaht , marry to a salvadoran woman , in we he late thrity , come over to boyle with a check . boyle give he a thumb up salute . dinner be qreat . look over the bill . boyle ( aside ) say poberta listen ... I wh ...3 do not gs a chance to cash a traveller check the capital , how 's my credit around here ? -robfrto ( know it be come ) you credit ? do not make I laugh , you asshole . you tab 's up to 400 colone . I run a restaurant , man not a fick bank . mee boyle ( sympathetic ) bey I know , Roberto have I ever stiffe you in 10 year ? look I get a NBC radio feed in the work and I get a CNN gig with cunningham come up , I be hot again ! Ill pay the whole tab next week , promise , scout n's honor ... rober oh fuck , allright , at do not tell Elena about it okay , she will kill I boyle thanks man , you be a prince , listen throw in 100 colone cash and we will make it a even 750 . walk around money y'know , do not want to look like a jerk in front of Maria ( sotto voce ) just a hundred ... come on man roberto puck , what ' she see ina jerk like you I do not know be laugh . boyle laugh once he see it 's okay , and Roberto slip he a 100 from he pocket . boyle thanks . place look great man , really do business ... roberto ( aside ) only weekend , surfer do not come down from the state anymore . too much death squad stuff ... * 45 . ( rev 576/85 ) 44 . contta - 4 bis eye go to a certain table . boyle follow it subt ] a bunch of guy and chick party in civilian elething . *- boyle oee go not worry , I '1 ] put in es good wear for you when the other side take over . roberto ( not funny ) I hope not , fuck commy scare I even more . Close I down for sure , probably shoot I . two other drunken monster be @rooling on the edge of the festaurant , begging for something -- anything . one of they get close to Doc , a obvious soft touch , érool on he . rock can not eat anyway , so he throw he lobster tail over the guy 's head , " go , get it .* this confuse the two grunk . one of they lurch around look for the lobster tail , find it , dive down to get it . the other guy , know he can not get to it in time , pick up a giant rock off the beach , raise it high in the shadow . we see it come down somewhere in the vicinity of the first beggar 's head . all this see faintly in the dark . the wash of the wave on the beach eclipsing it . rock be the only one at the table to have see it . he look around -- the party go on . carlos and rafael and jaimie be a little drunk and down do a goose - step imitation of major max on tv , a@ toothbrush over he nose , ging the mano Blanco song .. " republicana ... patria , comunismo no ... " << catch the attention of the nearby table . boyle pick up on it , immediately nervous , he eye flick to a table . they be look over unfriendly . one of they , rhinoceros , be older ( in he 40' ) , meaner and stupider than @ll of they . be be evidently the leader , a former National Guard sergeant cashier out for rape and murder . boyle whisper to Maria to cool it out . she say something to carlos but he do not hear . launch into another refrain from the song . the four guy at the table huddle among themselves . the girl ook real poisonously at carlos . , boyle make he move , stand and jjovially reseat carlos and he buddy . look back quickly at the four guy . - " cool it there 6 l ' buddy .* - 44 . 45 a ( rey $ /21/85 ) cont 'p : a 4. grandma shake she head . she 's see it before . a wistful tone , to Richard . grandma ( in Spanish ) : it 's a bad time , evil in the air ... dt 's be like 1932 again . they come into the village one night . they kill thousand , ,. some say thirty thousand in one night ... 45 46 . . + libertad town 5 be = late that night 4s boyle , Maria , the Children be play bingo , the main Social activity . a lot of people seem to know boyle , who lose he stake . be treat Maria and the kid to snowcone off a Street -side stand . carlos , @runk on tic-tac , with he two friena intersect with rock who be carry he own tic-tac bottle ( this sture be wile man , white lightning '' ) boyle warn he " you be gonna end up live in the street here , begging for tic-tac bottle " ... the group cross beneath the movie marquee <- play some mexican wrestling film with the masked avenger -- to they mg park on the Square ~- vulture peck around . sitting on top of the little car be the four guy from the testaurant -- the ex - sergeant take the leag . reinoceros bey man you and you buddy be pretty funny . maybe you can entertain we some more ... mule yeah you be even more funny without you ball ... carlos be too g@runk to be worried but not the intrepid Doc , boc who the fuck be you ... bey get off the car boyle ( try to defuse it ) bey amigo how bout some beer , it 's # 11 on I {doing he head count , center stage ) how many now ...uno , dos , tre ... quatro cerveza . two second ... Doc ... you stay with carlos ( turn to go get the beer , to Maria aside ) eeelook Maria , take the kid now ana put then in the car like nothing 's happen ... .okay ... be hurry across the street to get the beer at a cantina . a awkward moment , Maria casually put the kid in the car . carlos and he buddy giggle among themselves , dervous . the four guy look at boyle funny , back at carlos , one of then sing the popular song to the other ( they be a little drunk too ) " vamos a la playa .* - 45 . 4€. 47 , cont would ~ 45 , reinoceros Zeah , let 's go for @ ride to the Beach . @ on man , we 'l ) take you ss to the beach , we gota van . sy . a Cherokee ned Chief pull up now . trouble @ 1l right , carlos step back . Doc 's puzzle . the guy start to Rove on the three kid , start to surround they , yet not yer tesort to @ll - out coercion , the Square be sti2 ) full of people , it would be preferable to con they into get inside . boyle step back into 4 '' real fast now lay it be lomatic give out the beer to each of the four thot little Spanish to each one ( " there you go , drink up amigo " ) , in the same stride , grab carlos . boyle let 's g0... now ! push he real fast into the car , rafael ang jaimie jump in , overload 4 '' , rock want to atay , drink with the thug . rock T will stay , they be not go bad . they get @ sense of humor , : boyle ( grab hin ) shut up asshole ! move ! ee push he in the car . they speed ovt of there , the rea Cherokee chiet try to block they way . boyle go a shriek u-turn across the square ana cut out of town . ext . boyle beach house = niget a ouse = niget Maria help the @runken carlos out of the mg . boyle sit in it , with rafael , gun the engine . boyle ( to Maria ) get he out of town a few week . get he up to Santa Ana {to carlos ) . mira carlos , malo hombre ! gotta cool it now . 46 . * Maria and rafael both mutter something at carlos , angry at he attitude , carlos , still tonk , dismiss it with @& laugh . carlo - do not worry , do not worry -- they be asshole . boyle take orf with rafael . : 48 . — . ( rev 471/95 ) '' ~~ 47 . mnt. boye Mo ~ road - night a7 . ee road = niget boyle check ' the rear view mirror , make sure they be not follow , to rafael . . . rafael '' you can grop I here . boyle ( pull over ) where you go ? rafael arriba , con muchachos in the mountain ( point out there ) . boyle ( surprised ) . what about you home ? where do you Parents live ? -. rafael it 's not safe there anymore ( get out ) Z go ...okay ( they clasp hand ) on . boyle ( surprised ) ' you be one of they ? . ( rafael say nothing ) vaya con dios amigo rafael ( walk off , turn back ) in my country , amigo , there be no more God ... as he_goes off into the gark , silhouett by the mountain . 48 . int . colonel rigueroa's office - next morning as . boyle be show in with he safari jacket , three camera , a tape recorder , ready to go ( " bueno dias Colonel * ) . colonel figueroa be go over a battle map with a grizzle > american mercenary , mike stankovice == cold , steely eye , > €rew cut , bandolier of ammo , and a strange mixture of a uniform <= * &@ cavalry cap from the rhodesian grey scout , a moentegnard charm bracelet , and a british webley snub-nose 238 in he belt . . : pigueroa .. oo " boyle , this be Mike stankovich . he ~ : say he do not want you on he recon patrol . maybe another one ... I be sorry ... a 48 . ~ 1 48a oo ( rev 5/21 / ¢5 ) boyle extend he hand to stankovich who refuse to shake it . boyle por gue , anigo ? : stankovich ( to figueroa , ignorin B Z be not take this puta reporter nowhere 3 boyle ) boyle T be not no puta , puta stankovich reach for he .38 tevolver . boyle whip out he rwitchblade . figueroa step between they , smile . figueroa cabaleros , come on , go down to the mess ball and have some coffee , you be both . gringos , work this out between you ... go on . interior - mess rall = dry as , ss dlt troops in battle gear be get ready for patrol . boyle * and stankovich both drink coffee , wordlessly stare at @ach other . : boyle come on , lemme go out with you . no shot of you and if you boy want to do a little rape and plunder be * 1 ] look the other way . how bout it ? stankovich look , one of you cocksucker get a shot of my stick in mozambique . sure we be mess with the kafir but that shot : cost we sight man drumm out . 60 fuck off . . boyle come on man . I lose my hearing in this ear at Ben het . I be with the lead counterattack of the Golanis in ' 73 and I be the last gringo to leave Cambodia , so give I a fuck break . ... | stankovich ( roll up he sleeve ) yeah , fuckface , I get this at rarr pr : . ( pull up he pant ) and this at the tron triangle , so fuck off with you war storey . you sleezebags = lose that fuck war with you fuck . lie , no fuck way , fuck you asshole ... . 4ep ~ 49 . cont 'a 7 : ( rev 4/1/45 ) . doyle ( desperate ) what be you afraid , I be gonna outhump you ? . stankovich ( tighten ) . how " bout some good clean arm wrestle , '' amigo , settle this thing ? as he pop a huge bicep . : boyle my pappy say never play ancther man 's game , stanky -- but what about * knuckle ? '' y'ever play ? rt go like this . you punch my knuckle with you knuckle . then I . . punch you back . first guy to quit lose . . you win I will give you my gold wrist watch ( take it off ) werth 2000 buck . rf z win , you take I out ... . boyle clenches he fist , bony knuckle poise like a cobra ready to strike . stankovich be challense , but not @um . boyle ( taunting ) come on , stanky , acm wrestle be for wimp , putas and Alice kooper . knuckle be the real man 's game . or be you a pussy , stanky ? " > stankovich be like a dog unleash . he leap to he foot , as boyle finger the switchblade in he pocket . stanky whip out he razor - sharp bayonet with a special force '' " skull and crossbone on the blade . but do not go for boyle . . stankovich let 's see who the pussy be here he cut geep into he right forearm , blood seeping out , grin up at Richard . 2 stankovich : " ++ who say I can not take pain , asshole ! boyle at first amaze , start to laugh . . a : : - boyle - : . : that 's great Mike ... great gine . . for toe , . . listen ... you win . . yy stankovich now manage a triumphant laugh , as he whip out - . '' scarf and with he tooth tie up he bloody arm . * om ~ 49 $ 1 52 53 a ( rev 5/21/85 ) cont ' 4 : «9 stankovich oeeyeah well gust so we know who 's who in the x 00 boyle -- yeah so now give I the watch x ext . brush ~ patrol - pay 50 a lllererol = day stankovich , a lion stalking he prey , lead a nine - man '' cazadore " ( bunter ) patrol in full pack in the hot sear sun , boyle trail obviously , at 42 , burt , he back in sheer agony . stankovich smile at hin , they come to a cluster of house , captain sanchez halting the column , have a quick conference with he second in Command , corporal santos . everyone except stankovich be exhaust , sweat pour off they body . sanchez ( to stankovich , break English ) my corporal say many subversivos in this house . we must go and see ... . stankovich ( piss off ) come on Captain we both know that 's nothing but the local casa de puta . the G camp be that way . he point north towards the high mountain range , pull he plastic gria map out of he back pocket . the man murmure among themselves . no way they want to go up into that mountain chase after the dread villalobos 's crack commando . stanky let 's go ! omit '' 1 omit 52 - ext . mountain range - patrol = late day 53 re SE =_ patrol = late day stankovich be walk point . he be read he map . ready to push on when a burst of automatic fire ring out . then @ second burst , from the other side . ° one man be hit in the arm , yell out . another {fs hit in the leg . the other freak and break . all nine man flee down the mountain , a 53. 48d ( rev 5/21785 : cont would : 8 : stankovich yell at they , " where '' 4@ go ! get you ass on line ! lateral pire ! ! " pissea off now , he stands there like John Wayne , put out rake fire . boyle click ofr shot at he . a great picture . one jone american mercenary blast away at the comny . a pause . no return fire . the sniper have pull back , boyle move in on stankovich , take picture . btankovich see boyle , take a fresh clip , slam it into he uzi ana aim it right at boyle . stankovich you take that picture you sunvufabich and 31 ) kil ) you . pop it out ! now ! you hear I !... boyle realize stankovich be serious . if he can not kill &@ commie , boyle 's probably the secona best thing . he quickly bop open the Nikon and throw the roll at btankovich 's foot . but stankovich hoe not lower the rifle . be stays point right at Richard 's head . stankovich T be in a bad fuck mood boyle ... and you contribute to it ... boyle quickly rip he fake gold wrist watch out ( he second of many ) and throw it to stankovich who pick it up and shake it , hold the uzi on boyle . _ stanxovich I swear asshole , if this thing be a phony , I be gonna personally track you gown , cut off you ball and stuff they @own you throat ... sax ext . maria beach house = libertad = late day boyle drive up , bone weary . as he crawl out of the car , Maria , with the baby in she arm , rush up to he , pure terror in she eye . . boyle . que pasa mis amor ? . maria policia venga y captura carlos y Doctor rock . Los miran la marijuana ! es furioso , mucho problema ! : 485 ( rev 5/6783 ) 54 cont would a 4 boyle 5 donde ! maria . El quartel of muerte ! boyle race to he mg. om '' 55 . 49 , ( rev 5/21/85 ) int . libertad jail - kiget 55 int . libertad jail = night ; Doctor rock be in back in one of the cell , sweating out the worst moment of he life . a + 38 revolver be aim right at he temple . a drunk policeman who look like a bug-eyea rodney dangerfield , laugh and pull the trigger . click . the three other policemen , some of then without shirt , wave tic-tac bottle , all laugh . carlos be there , beat around the face and chest . cathy moore and boyle arrive not a second too soon . x Cathy well know in the community , speak rapid and excellent Spanish . boyle plopp down the scotch and open it . he 's carry he car radio and speaker which he 's just rip 's out . boyle aqui , amigo , muy suave boyle chug from the bottle and pass it around . ° rock ( freak ) boyle , get I outta here !! boyle you wanna live Doc ? shut up . ( to guara sergeant ) que pasa amico ? the bug- Eye proudly hold up a bag of marijuana , bug eye ( Spanish ) marijuana . subversivos smoke marijuana . boyle walk over to carlos , grab he by the collar , slap he hard . boyle Tonto puta ! you dumb shit ! then he go over and do the same to rock . Cathy meanwhile x whip out 100 colone and promise that if they let this x asshole go , he will ) get the daylight beat out of he at home . bug eye no posible . esta subversivo . muy malo . boyle and Cathy huddle . then Cathy explain how boctor rock be a famous american brain surgeon and be use the marijuana # 8 a experiment to see how it would affect carlos " brain . ~ 55 . cont 'd a 55 . boyle go over to pick out one of rock 's joke card strewn on the table with he other personal effect . be hand the ard to the sergeant who hold it up and try to fead it , bug eye : * doctor® ... rock ? what be this ? : cathy ( whipping out another 100 colone ) ? oh that 's short for Doctor rockovsky , the world famous brain surgeon , I be sure you know he , he win the nobel prize ... the Nobel peace Prize !! bug Eve be skeptical , huddle with he second , this stupid - look 's gringo do not look like a famous brain surgeon , but he trust Cathy and he could get into trouble for kill x a@ famous doctor . his eye on boyle 's radio and speaker . boyle slam they down on the desk , climactically . bug eye ( to rock ) ok , you can go ... boyle & y otro ? libre ? _ bug Eye look at carlos , back at boyle . bug eye no es posible , no esta noche ... now get out . go! boyle share a look with carlos , who plead with he eye . carlo senor boyle , por favor boyle . do not worry carlos. 1°21 ) go to the Capital first thing in the morning . I be go to see the ambassador . I be go to get you out . 1 promise ! '' carlos look at he . boyle leave , start to take the radio but bug Eye put he hand on it . no way . boyle look at he , disgust , ' go . 56 . & 57 . omitted 56 & 57 . so. ( rev 5/21/85 ) ext . town square = night . . s8 . a seieare '' niget rock , shaking , open he rucksack and downs the whole bottle of valium he have leave , wash it down with straight tic-tac . 51 . ( rev 5/21/55 ) 38 . cont 'p CA ! look Richard , you be not help Maria , vou be nothing but trouble for she . and quit kid yourself : ghe go not mean anvthing to you . she 's just 9 nice little baqueeze while you be here , instant family boyle hey I love she Cathy : cathy sure . and what @bout you other wife ang kid ? boyle she leave I Cathy ! she take my kia . cathy {skevtical ) so you be go to take Maria back to the States ? what 's she gonna do ? se1 ) snowcone on fisherman 's wharf ? here she 's get a function . she belonas . in gringol she 's @ fish outta water . and besides -- asshole -- boyle ( suddenly deject ) yeah ... know . oe Cathy , pissea off now at boyle 's stupidity , get in she van and drive off , boyle ace over to Doctor rock , slump in the front seat of the ves pass out . he check he pulse , it work , bone -weary , he get in the car . a oe ee 58 60 . 61 . 52 . . ( rev 5/21/85 ) int . maria' beace house - that night 59 . boyle in bed with Maria . the surf be pound outside . she be sobbing heavily and he be gently stroking she hair . he try to cuddle with she but she writhes free ... ext . U.S. embassy - downtown EL salvador - next day 60 . a crowd be picketing outside the gate . mano blanco Party flag . placard that read " Kelly be a Communist ! '' " Kelly should go to cuba® " get out of El salvador , Communist !* boyle leave he mg , negotiate the entry on foot . accompany he be cathy moore . int . kelly office ~ day 61 . picture of wife and kid on he log oak desk , autograph picture of Carter , memorabilia from nation he have serve in , ambassador thomas kelly cut a impose figure . Young-looking , handsome , & warm smile , he shake hand with boyle , but reserve he real warmth for Cathy Moore , of whom he obviously be fond . kelly ( hug she ) Cathy , how be you ? you look tired ? . cathy moore I be all right , sir . Richard boyle sir ... he do some storey on you in Cambodia ? kelly good to see you again , Richard ... please sit down boyle ( effusive beggary again ) you might remember sir ... the take of phnom penh .. I be actually the last '' , merican journalist to leave Cambodia ... kelly be that so ? boyle yeah , I get out two week after shanberg get out . he get the pulitzer and I almost get cholera but we save 1100 refugee from the khmer rouge . 61 . cont 'p eyeing carol note , 53 . ( rey 5/27/85 ) kelly that be awful what they do in Cambodia , be not you one of the people who write they up as the good guy at one time ? boyle ( flustered ) yes sir , I be really wrong on that one . relly from we intelligence if that guy up in the hill ever take power here they would make the pol pot episode look like a picnic . boyle be they as bad a8 Major Max and the mano Blanco , sir ? kelly ( flustered , look at he watch ) I know , a pathological killer on the right and who know what on the leave and a gutless middle ... anyway boyle , about you problem ... snodgrass , he aide , who sit in the room , take kelly ( sympathetic , a little frustrated but calm ) miss snodgrass have ccrosscheck with the National Guard , the treasury Police , National Police and the regular army about the boy anda they sav they don not have he . we think this could have be overlook and we be ... boyle ambassador , we a1} know they be lie ... he just do not gisappear -- they have get hin cathy ( to Carol ) Carol , have you crosscheck with the human rights office ? : carol no , nothing ... 61 . x x x oe 96 be oe '' d€ 3 96 De 3 94 be 5e be 3 '' 61 . cont 'd 53a ( rev 5727/85 ) - 61 . boyle fuck it sir . they fuckin’ rearrange he fuckin molecule and take they time about it . the kid 's die right now as we speak ! that fuck ! he do not hurt anybody . that fuck ! ' the ambassador uneasy with boyle 's violent reaction . cathy ( see it ) Richard , calm down please boyle that mean he sister 's gonna be on the shitlist now , sir . I gotta get a cedula for she , she 's get none , they could come tonight and take she away ... kelly that 's not up to I Richard , you know the léw here , she have to go to she hometown ... where 's she from ? boyle morazon sir -- she can not get close to there , ' the Guard will kill she as a suspect G. : kelly ( look to Carol for support ) I will see what I can do but you know thousand of people have the same problem , it 's not easy to ... boyle what if I marry she ? cathy ( embarrassed ) Richard , you be already marry ... I know you be very busy , sir , thank you for you time ... kelly ( rise . Carol ushere they out : sorry , really I be sorry . : . ( to Cathy ) my wife and I be expect you and sister June for Thanksgiving , Cathy , all right ... 62. sa ... ( rev 5/27/85 ) interior lobby - camino real HOTEL - day 62 . maria , with rock , wait at the coffee shop , finger she rosary bead , uneasy in she peasant dress in this fancy hotel , film crew scurrying by , she eye anxiously on boyle as he ron in with the news . be take she by the arm . : boyle ( in Spanish ) they can not find carlos yet but the american ambassador be personally involved ... she be silent , know . be walk she , with he arm around she . boyle you be in great danger Maria . without a cedula they can grab you at any time ... I have be think about this very carefully . there 's only one way out ..+ marry I . - ( she look at he , shocked by the idea ) look , we will have @ family , we will take reina and duglas -- ané carlos -- back to America , you will be happy there . maria you already have a wife . boyle no , no , that 's over , that 's be over ix month . ( scratch he head , lie ) «.ewe get a divorce , I just never tell you . Sara , - ( rev 5721785 ) 62 . cont would - 62 . she look at hin . through he . cunningham break it , run through the lobby , fully equip . ingham cunn : bey boyle ! Atlanta say they will give @ shot . but you fuck this one up and Zl ... you be kid ! cunningham no ! they want some stuff on the g's . you sure you be set with alverez ? x boyle qying ) all set ! no Problem , cunningham ok , you get a camera , there 's a arana 's press conference tomorrow , Major Max be geclare for President , '' gotta go to Venezuela so cover for I , willya , 7 gotta run . boyle sure . hey Pete ! how bout advance I fifty buck ...» real low . a l£ 62. sas . ( rev §/21/85 ) 62. cunningham reach into he pocket , glance at Maria . cunningham «oemy own pocket boyle -- but no whore ok . boyle thanks he effusively , turn back to Maria . boyle '' Maria ... por favor ? maria ( shake she head ) will boyle porque mis amor ? please ... maria ( determine ) ' mar catholic . I can not marry & divorced man and you Richard be & bad Catholic in all way boyle what do you mean ? maria you know what I mean . you be live in sin . you drink ( " not any more ! " ) , you sleep with may woman ( " no T do not ! " ) , you smoke marijuana ( " it be rock 's ) , you lie , you x scheme and scam , what 's good or decent about you ? what redemption can you expect ? boyle scratch he head , he mind racing . none , I guess . boyle look , Maria -- it 's true I have not be to church in 30 year -- but give I a chance . we will take communion together . we will go to archbishop romero , he know I , I will get back in the church ...8i ? ag3 exterior -- cathedral - san salvador - day . a63 boyle drive Maria into downtown Cathedral where he visit Ramon alvarez earlier . denonstrator and police be everywhere . a tumultuous atmosphere , banner , protest sign , Maria be scared . Church bell toll . . $ 5 . a 63 . cont 'a * ae : 63. . boyle oodt 's even possible romero might annul @y marriage cause Claudia be a comnie atheist anyway . I 's go to talk to bin seriously ... ( make conversation ) ~- you know the archbishop ? he 's a great man , @ man of the people . man of God . they say he 's go to win the Nobel peace Prize maria ( quietly ) be 's the only man that can save F ) salvador ... ramon alvarez be on @ meqaphone argue with some campecinos and police . the air be fill with tension as a new truckload ©f National guardsman arrive . int . cathedral = churce Day 63 . a churce day a crowd have assemble for the sermon and communion . bishop mangana , a humble , handsome soul with a peasant 's strong feature . be in the oulvit . mangana ooe the govern junta have good intention with they promise of lang reform and they desire to control the so-called paramilitary force in the army but sadly dt be a failure because the power within the junta be the army and the Army itself be a obstacie to the reign of God ... they know only how to repress the people and gefend the interest of the rich ©ligarchy ... applause break from the peasant throng . boyle , repentent , serious -look , step out of the confessional to the side of the Cathedral and join Maria . they squeeze into @ pew . mangana zi have call upon the United States , fepeatedly , to stop all military aid to this Army until s¢ satisfactorialy tesolves ' the problem of the gisappear and submit itself to civilian control . again and again , american aid instead of bromote great thi land , education , health , food , shelter . . we -hre '' poor , ' you : in ' washingtot be 80 - rich . why be you so blind ? my child , you must look to yourselves in this saa time for salvador . Christians be not afraid of ( conriinnued ) 63 cont 'a 64 . : 56 . : ( rev 5/21/85 ) gana ( cont would ) 63 . dieloser se and ene e , all channel of alogue en this happen , the Church @peak of the legitimate right of insurrectional violence . the spirit of God have lead I to this ... the face . Ramon alvarez . carmen sanchez . a silence in the vant church . plainclothes police shuffle . mangana Z would like to Close witn a ®ppeal the man of the army and in particular the nationa ) Guard . Brothers , be part of we ple . yet you kill you own peasant rother and sister . but ( voice fise with emotion ) no soldier ts oblige to obey a order against the law of god. violence on all side be wrong . violence igs wrong . in the name of God , and in the name of this suffer people whose lament rise to heaven each day more tumultuous , be beg you , I ask you , I order you in the name of God : stop the repression ! more applause . frail woman in simple cotton gress , hunch man with wrinkle face ... Maria . praying silently , CUT to : the Bishop be celebrate Communion . - 64 . Maria , kneel at the altar , stick out she tongue as the x bishop , flanke by two altar boy , press the host onto she tongue . then boyle take the host . : they look at each other . a faint smile . she know he be now bless . the body and blood of Jesus be with hin . ané maybe , yes maybe , she can love he . 57 . ( rev 5/21/85 ) 64 cont would 2 64 the Bishop move on , Maria and Richard rise to leave , hh Maria crossing herself , Richard remember to do so . the Bishop move on down the altar , give a wafer to a young man . . fhe kneel young man , whom we may now recognize as the one who take he own form of communion at Major Max 's villa , spit in the Bishop 's hand , curse he : " hijo de putai® and . shoot he with the silencer in he purse . fhe silencer blast blow the Bishop back , he white raiment splash red with blood . another blast follow . Maria turn around , scream . as do other . the commotion spread . the young man walk away , unnotice . Richard grab Maria , move she out quickly as he can . 65 ext . church - day 65 : a riot develop , people run in all direction . army x i move in , make arrest . Richard hustle Maria to the mg , wave he Press Card . the cop run by hin . re get a glimpse of Ramon alvarez and carmen sanchez be drag protest along with several other . they be throw into a , army truck . x 66 ext . camino real STREET - day . 66 boyle put Maria into @ taxi , give the driver a big chunk of cunningham 's money . boyle to libertad ! ( to Maria ) . I will be back tonight !... fries to kiss she , but she can not , she 's geeply upset . the cab zoom off . 57 a ( rev 5/6/85 ) 67 . int . major max villa - escalon - day 6 ro gomez , Max 's second , walk in with a suitcase which he throw open in front of major max . it 's load with cash == $ 400,000 . Gomez , a fat smart w.c. field type , with he .45 bulg out from under he shirt , be very happy . the deal be come together . vest 56 . 67 . cont would 's e a Le 69 . gomez ( look at bis watch ) oos our friend in Miami think you can be President . they send a little gift . $ 400 , 000 ... in unmark bill ... ( Max laugh , in a good mood ) ee othe two madison Avenue clown be wait and the Reagan people be come at 12 , then the Press Conference ... max o-- s8end they in ext . major max courtyard = day 68 . two yuppie madison Avenue advertising executive , McMahon and Johnson ( a man and a woman ) in neat suit and aviator glass the latest gucci attache case , be wait to sell Max . a little disturb , however , by the yell and now screeching and begging come from one of the room in the villa ... follow by a ominous and absolute silence . the two execs look at each other . Gomez step out , wave they in . int . max office = day 69 . they have they demographic graph set up , a tape deck , sale tool , poster design , etc . -- a professional presentation . Max play with he .45 , do a roulette thing with the barrel . mcmahon ( man ) eeeyou get to soften you image Major , you get to talk about positive thing . the people want peace . in the tv campaign , you talk about gradual reforn ... max ( icy , reprimand ) no . we do not want gradual reform . we want to wipe they out johnson ( woman ) well then I think you have to say that " we need military vigilance to ensure human rights ' - Gomez do all the transiate for Max , who have to op and think about what that mean . McMahon roll he eye at Johnson . ( " I think we be go to have a hard time sell this guy . ) 69 . cont would 2 s9 , . ( rev 5/21/85 ) a max ( via Gomez ) people expect the truth from I . when Z say have must gestroy the communist and the appeaser , that be what want from I ... this be why they love bitler , because be be a great speaker . be do not talk a bunch of shit like that mushroom head Carter . mcmahon yeah , maybe you be right Max , but bitler lose ... joenson «and that Hitler the States ... look , stuff do not fly in you be handsome Max , you look good in clothes , you do not look like a uh killer , you wanna be President you gotta play to that image , you vant to close the gender gap , you want to pull the woman vote = gomez listen to then , jefe McMahon put a tape in the deck . ah ( or a videocassette ) . the jingle a new arana jingle come on . play . mcmahon listen to this Max max & gomez that 's pretty good johnson nsell he now ) yeah , and with it we be gonna win baby ! mcmahon ( preen now ) we know what we be do maxie . we be the best outfit in town . we sell Nixon , we have the shah and samoza up until last year , we still get pinochet and he win he election . something like 988 of the vote . and we also do a great job on " save the whale .® Gomez translate all this , fuck it all up in Spanish . Max , a intelligent man nonetheless , be look at Gomez . be this guy for real ? : max . whale , what be whale ? this gringos think B they be sell coca-cola here . they do not understand the issue here . they be soft . . ( Gomez gloss over whale as scme kind of political party , Max nod ) samoza ? you sure fuck that one up . a 69 . ( rev 3/21/65 : 69 . cont have 70 . : gomez 69 . but they get pinochet ( Max like that , nod ) max bow much do they get if we lose ? gomez ( conspiratorial ) if we lose we do not pay they shit mcmabon ( pick up the vibe ) I be sure we can put this be some kind of contract form , can not we ? gomez ( to Max , try to convince he ) look , you can become President with this jerk . they be smart Jews . Max bring Gomez within whisper range , eye on the exec , back to Gomez . . '' - max '' you think -- if I be President == 3 could kill all of they legally ? gomez yes of course ... Max amused by that power , nod . Gomez turn to the two suit . gomez I think we can ... how do you say , make this " package fly " ... mcmahon ( relieved ) eeeyeah I think so too , Gomez baby ... thank you , mister President ! on Max . eye on the future . zint . arana PRESS conference = that day 70x rr _serr erle = that day - the Press be overflow the room , cigarette smoke hang heavy . maximiliano casanova , chainsmoke , be answer they question , the party flag drape behind he . his wife , yolanda , x and 2 child be alongside hin , a friendly fanily . x max *eeab you know I never agree with the Bishop he sometimes get carry away in politics , he do not understand ... but in my book , the Left kill he -- no question -- to provoke this kind of atmosphere ... no question ... ft rte eee eet eee ti eee eee gee o~ a 61 . 79 . cont *a : ( rev 4/25/45 8 } pauline axelrod write down he response to she question ( " thank you " ) . Max look around for the next question . a bunch of raise hand . his supporter all wear Major max tee-shirt , '' casanova youth , '' etc . boyle push he way up to the front , a two - man videotape camera crew , both salvadgoran , with he from CNN . cassady be there also , shoot still . : boyle '' mister '' casanova -- it 's widely rumor that you be the head of thei eath squad that be terrorize the countryside and the city ? would you please comment ? Max look at boyle very cool . murmur @ 1l around the room . there be push and shove and it look like boyle be go to get beat to shit . cassady ( whisper ) you be press you luck , Rich . Max grind out he cigarette in the ashtray as he respond , very calm on the outside . Gomez flick he eye at he . max I really resent that question , because when you accuse you have get to present proof . why do you never ask the Communists this ? ( pause ) there be no death squad in San salvador . the outrage of the people against the Communist threat cannot be stop or organize by anybody ... pauline Sir , poll still show you trail the Christian Democrats , do you really think you can get the Catholic and woman 's vote ? max oo , yes . ext . mano blanco PRESS conference = day — ee SUN erence = day the Conference be over . a table be stack with weapon , which grim - face party regular now return to they owner . ashtray , key chain , t-shirt , record , everything be for sale beraing Max 's name . a sexy playgirl ringing up the sale . 7 , boyle and cassady step out , get a filthy look from two heavy - set guy . boyle . here he come ... - as Gomez step out of the Conference , boyte move , he camera crew follow . pe ingeetie ee ee nee ee : loewen eee 71 . cont would '' ~~ lb 72 . a U 62 . ( rev 5/21/85 ) be 71 . boyle mister Gomez ? a question please ... Gomez mutter '' who be this piece of shit ! '' to he bodyguard . a bodyguard , suite , tie , carry a Ingram now make the move on the camera . stick he hand in the lens . the @ther two bodyguard move on boyle , grab he , they shove ané push . a brawl develop . the camera fall off the cameraman 's cassady try to interfere . they push he off . Gomez move in on boyle , jowl to jowl , sheer hatred in he eye . gomez you I be go to get boyle ( taunting he ) yeah , what be you go to do ? come on , come on fatso ! cassady , try to be objective , will you Richard ? two madison Avenue execs come tear out of there , before the commotion get out of hand , pull Gomez over to the side . quietly . : mcmahon bey Gomez baby , this be n*t gonna fly , this be not gonna look good . think about we new image . you get so reporter here , okay ... gomez ( furious aside ) I do not give a shit about image . I want to cut he ball off211 boyle , see the madison Avenue exec , squirm free of the bodyguard , amble over , curious . boyle bi , how be you ... you from New York ? McMahon and Johnson quietly freak out , and vamos . Gomez mutter + to he Guards , stalk off . int . pupuseria - stfret 72 % in a gruncy oupseria right off the street where he like to x hang out , Peter cunningham be furious at boyle . x 63 . ( rev 5/21/85 . 72 . cont would : 72 . t 's cunningham ~~ Atlanta 's really piss off at you man . they get some call from some madison Avenue outfit and State Department . why be you such a fuck disaster boyle ? we send you in there for a simple story 4 man , not to get into a fight with Major Max ! . and you fuck up my camera . '' 3500 ! x boyle ( sheepish ) Peter , level with I -- do this mean CNN do not want my service anymore ? eee cunningham ( throw up he hand ) . I like you Richard but you be just too . °dinky dau " . what can I 6o ?... they get the power . to er a 73 . xint . mg - road = day 73 . Racing back to libertad with cassady , boyle have the radio turn on to some dinky music station play sarbas as he mutter garkly , pass the tic-tac bottle back and forth with cassady . . boyle a _ eeean I really screw up with she , I can not even go to Communion without fuck it up . the one time in 30 year I go to Church , they kill the archbishop on by , can you believe my luck ? cassady eoeaw stop cry in you beer , the shit 's just start . it be we war up until today . now the whole fuck Press Corps be come here . ( darkly ) I wish they would close the fuck airport on ‘ex . a news bulletin break in , boyle raise the volume . newscaster six member of the Revolutionary Democratic Front be find dead today in a ditch outside the capital . there be sign of mutilation and torture . among the dead 7 be kiki alvarez and Juan chacon ... boyle oh fuck ! fuck ! they get Juan and kikil there 's nobody leave ! that be the last chance man ! now oh shit anther eee ee soe rete Te ee ee ee woe eee ws 73 . cont would 64 . ( rev 5/39/85 ) 73. : : cassady ( drink the tic-tac ) essnight of the long knife , man , come down . I be you boyle , I would lay low ... they be not fuck around anymore . 74 . ext._town square - libertad - day 1 . 75 . 76 . Richard pull the mg in as he see rock drunk inthe square with three tic-tac monster , begging for handout . boyle what the fuck be you do ! rock boyle ! they find carlos man ! he 's all fuck up ! boyle 's run . int , CITY hall . = day 25 . boyle , follow by cassady , push he way in past the assemble , silent crowd . on the Mayor 's desk be the cleanly - severe head of carlo . several woman in black say litany with rosary bead . boyle push he way over to mayor gonzalez , drink out of a tic-tac bottle , upset , argue with father chandler and cathy moore . fatrer chandler be be my altar boy goddamit ! and I want he bury now ! mayor gonzalez ( Spanish ) Father I can not . they say to leave he here for three day . Father what can I do ? boyle walk out , past the National guardsman in uniform , indifferent . int . maria beach house - day 76 . boyle and cassady come in , Maria clean out the last of boyle 's x thing , the child and grandmother go . x cassady discreetly go to the refrigerator , mixing a tic-tac screwdriver . 76 . 77 . 65 . ( rev 5/30/85 ) cont 'd : 76 . boyle go to Maria . she ignore he , empty the dresser . a photograph of she and boyle in the hammock take by carlos . she tear it up . then a bag of marijuana . she throw it x in boyle 's face . leave . be try to block she , grab she , try to put he head on she shoulder . she recoil hard and fast , as if be touch by something evil . boyle be be act stupid . why be you . x blame I ? x maria because you be here he change ! x boyle Maria , please do not leave I . maria ( a cold , icy stare ) do not touch I ... I never want to see you again . she go . boyle stand there -- look miserable . cassady stir out of the shadow . he can not help but find Richard funny -- even in he lowest moment . cassady you be a pathetic worm boyle . have a drink ( give he a drink ) boyle I love she man . she and the kid be the only decent thing I have ... without she I do not really give a shit about live ... he chug the whole drink down . ext . panama club - night 77 . boyle , obviously drunk , scratch on he face , barefoot , take a piss in the overweed parking lot as cassady crawl out of the mg , head for the whorehouse , the hookers out on the veranda in full strength , a juke box blaring , pig root on the front door . : boyle be really depressed as he pull out he cyanide pill and finger it , he bullshit barvado go , a total desperation there until the pill drop through he finger and land in he puddle of urine . he pick it up , try to wipe it off . oh shit , he mutter . Le come penne eee eee ee a 65a qrev 5/30/85 ) . 78 . ' interior panama club ~- wiget 7b . arched sumptuous room now go to seed , cubicle with cheap curtain , grille on the window bespeak late 19th century Spanish architecture , now lurid with red and green lighting , cheap poster , half - naked whore dance with campecino for a dime . tic-tac monster all over the place ... ee ee ee yy 7 66 . ( rev 5/6/85 ) cont would dector rock be slow dance to Pat boone 's '' a White Sport coat and a pink carnation '' with wilma , he new girlfriend hooker , cassady with another . vi in the back cubicle , cathy moore be conduct she clinic , give penicillin shot to the hooker . mama moncha be slapping pupusas together in she big fat hand give boyle a dirty look as he stagger in , ask for more credit . boyle mama moncha , mis amor , pocitito mas credito ? mama moncha no . you be already 200 peso into I , you asshole ... you must be careful boyle . Zihuanava have you in he evil grip . boyle ( laugh ) what do he do ? mama moncha ( deadly serious ) «eehe scratch you face and take you shoe . he beg with he best little - boy look . rock come over , throw he arm on mama moncha , try to get another freebee , mispronouncina everything in he neo-fractured Spanish . doc rock mama moncha , uno mas tic-tac por favor , yo pago en dos mense . promiso . con interesso di 508 ! even boyle , drunk as he si , grimace at he massacre of language , scolding doc. boyle os you say you would pay she in two menstrual cycle , you moron ! mama moncha bark out a laugh , give up , motion wilma to give they both two more beer . - Cathy , finish with the shot , be now éistributin '' bundle of Christmas package to the hooker and they child . yo - yos , powder milk , cookie , toy , food can , 465 , record , comic book -- the center of attention . 6a { rev 5/6/85 ) 78 cont would : 768 Doc walk Rich back to a corner booth , try to make he feel better about himself . rock hey Rich I think this be god 's way of tell we we gotta change we life y'know =-- you and I , look at we -- look at we , we be in deep shit -- mentally , morally , emotionally ... every which way , we be a mess , we be disgusting ! boyle be we really ? a toothless fat whore rub up acainst Richard . " fuckee suckee you , '' boyle extricate himself ( " I be afraid I do not know you miss " ) . Doc pull out he last seven pill , codeine , darvon , perk , put they on the table -- the vitimate gift . poc here richie -- the last of my pill . we get rid of this and tomorrow we start a@ new life together . for you ... and for I . divide they , three for boyle , four for rock . Doc gobbles down he four with the beer , richie he three . Cathy Moore intersect on she way out . cathy ( disapprove ) well I can not say I approve but ... here 's a merry Christmas to you ... pull the last item from she bag , @ small pint of paddy 's irish whiskey . boyle 's eye light up as if it be the great gift he would ever see . yo 78. cont 'd 67 . ( rev 5/27/85 ) : 7p . boyle please Cathy , help I get Maria back . valk to Father Paul . she will listen to hin . cathy come on Richard , you 42 year old , you be old enough to be she father . forget she . . x boyle come on Cathy , I be in love with she ... ( Cathy laugh , drink @ beer ) x rock I love you too richie as he keep the tic-tac monster and whore at bay , have now learn necessary vicious move . cathy ( do not know what to say ) Father Paul have to stick to the papal order . you be live in sin . ( Doc : " Richard love to live in sin '' ) boyle 3°11 marry she ! cathy sure you will Richard , why do not you settle down with somebody who ... fit with you boyle I need to talk to you Cathy , about my whole life , it 's such 8 mess ... cathy ( touch he on the arm ) Rich , what be you do here , you be not make it as a journalist boyle ( brightly ) I will make it again ( she look skeptical ) zy love it here , I can not go back . look I can ask you the same question my fair coleen , what the fuck be you do here : ( she look upset at the word ) »--sorry . the white hand 's be paint on the parish house , you altar boy 's dead , even the goddamn peace corps have pull out ... > 78 . cont 'd 67k { rev 5/27/85 ) 78. cathy z do not know , I guess I love it here too ... ( a smile between they ) oe Bay that 's a beautiful clonnardé ring , Rich ( touch it on he finger ) boyle you like that ? it come from Ireland -- all the way back to my great grandfather ... bave dinner with I ? ( he head drop on she shoulder , '' in love " again ) cathy ( look at she watch ) can not ... ( doe : ° I can " ) boyle fomorrow night ? , cathy go to the airport . two of the sister be come back from Nicaragua . boyle sometime ? cathy sometime Richard , yes ... but on one condition . no more tic-tac Richard ... you hear I ? 79 . 68 . ( rev 5/27/85 ) 78 . cont would : : 78. _ boyle Cathy , you be careful on the road to the airport all right ?... cathy well I have to run ... her radiant smile , she pat he hand like she be handle a gentle tic -tac monster . behind she the entire focus of the room have shift . boyle notice . smiling death , in a Lieutenant 's hat , mano Blanco Party shirt , diack leather glove , new pair of boot , sun glass and he pistol in a purse , stand in the doorway . the campecino grinking and talk more quietly , the little kid show fear . two of he boy follow smiling death to the bar where they survey the scene , buy vodka . the hooker scurrying quietly . boyle ( sufficiently cognizant ) 3°12 walk you to you car they cross the room , smiling death run he eye up and gown she body . rhinoceros be stand in the door way a t-shirt mark " grab they by the ball and they heart and mind will follow , * leer at Cathy , as if he would like to rape every orifice in she body . ext . parking lot = panama club - night 79 . Cathy get in she car , Richard close the door . ° God be with you Rich " ...° God be with you Cathy " ... " see you in Ireland next year '' ...° you get it ' Cathy , abbie Street , Easter Sunday " ... she drive off . boyle head back to the Panama Club , but he way be block by smiling death and he boy . smiling deate anglo ... wanna go to the beach with we ? boyle ( take a deep breath ) look , yo no anglo , yo irelande , comprende : : - smiling death 's boy surround boyle , who whip out he mace and avitchblade , still drunk and glaze . a red Cherokee drive up out of nowhere . lb 79 . cont would . 79 . smiling death come to the beach yes ? boyle if you think I be go to the beach with you guy , you be crazy ... okay asshole , tell you wimp buddy that besides a irishman I be also a viking and I would love to take as many of this creep to valhalla as I can one of the boy pull back the clip on he uzi and aim it right at boyle 's head -- about to fire . smiling Alto ! yo quiero es puta viva . intiendo ! Viva ... : {to boyle in English ) '' come on boyle it 's no fun shoot you . come with we ... boyle you be not take I alive motherfucker . come on . come on ... do he switchblade dance but the liquor have take a toll ané he back right into a uzi , which slam across he head . he go down hard . a second guy try to grab he before he recover , but Richard slashes he cheek with he blade and the guy recoil . rhinoceros take aim but smiling death wave he off , and kick boyle right in the gut -- but not before boyle squeeze off he mace in smiling death 's face . smiling death reel in pain . boyle crouch in agony . a fourth guy crack he in the mouth with he shotgun . rhinoceros slam he uzi into boyle 's side and he go gown now , and almost out but blindly slashes out with he blade , cut into rhinoceros 's knee . boyle struggle to he foot fight with all he . spirit to at least take one of they with he . - - smiling death look at he two bleed man , totally enraged , grab up he .45 . id smiling deate okay boyle , you wanna have fun ! . ( caise the pistol , take aim ) first you arm , then you kneecap , then you balle ! do that sound like a fun game ! vk nae Pag 70 . 79 . cont would y 79 . mama moncha alto ! bhe come run out , 220 pound of she , with Doctor rock ané cassady trail , drunk , cassady yell hey ] mey knock it off ! 1 the booker follow . gmiling death ( Spanish , to mama moncha ) stay ovt of this if you know what 's good for you ! mama moncha ( hold she butcher knife ) I do not care what you do , just do not do it here . I have friend in town can back I up ! this give smiling death pause . as Doctor rock take he beer bottle and try to smash it against the side of a tree like he see in a western . it do not break . doc rock okay cocksucker , how you like this odd ! be try again -- without success . he look frustrated . smiling death 's boy break into sneer and boyle take the moment to scoot over closer to mama moncha . everybody be now look at everybody . a stalemate . smiling death ( finally ) vamo . mas tarde . ( to boyle ) we be not finish with you yet . as they head for they Cherokee , rock join they , tic -tack out . rock . hey I '1l go for a ride with you . you get some good dope ? smiling death ( to he man ) ignore he . he 's crazy ... it 's no fun kill crazy people cassady ( grab he ) . get the fuck over here ! you 4 umb fuck ! the Cherokee take off . boyle suddenly slump to the ground , injure and bleed from he mouth , wilma put a compress on . from inside the club , the party go on , Pat boone croon into the sultry night . > 71 . ( rev 8791785 80 through b2 omitted ' 80 through 8 83 . ext . san salvador airport - night 83 . a4 . cathy moore help sister meghan burkit , charlotte wagner and dorothy kazel with they belonging into the curbside van , x Police patrol by they , watch . the van pull out . sint . wun ' van - road - niget 84 . the nun be chat about Nicaragua as Cathy look up in the rear view mirror . see the headlight of the trail Cherokee . she accelerate . the light stay right behind she . in fact get closer . Cathy mutter something under she breath . but still think it 's only a form of harrassment . '' get you passport ready sister ...° the Cherokee make a sudden move , force they Van off the roaa into a-ditch . 86 . ext . ditch - road - night 83 . five national guardsmen in civilian clothes step over to the van and the shake nun . they be drink tic-tac , mutter obscenity in Spanish among themselves , '' oh buenas chica ... jvela cola " ( good ass ... I gusta la cula ) -- the leader look like a frog . frog good evening lady , how you éoing ? Cathy stand right up there to hin . cathy what do you want ? we have do nothing . this be two sister of the maryknoll ... I be a good friend of the american ambassador White ... you be go to be in a lot of trouble . now get out of here . she walk steadfastly for the van . but the frog , laugh at she speech , grab she by the arm , whirl she around with incredible violence -- and smile into she face , rotten gold tooth , tic -tac fume . frog get in the van , sister . we go up the road . the fiest be just beginning ... dissolving to : ext . another road - night 86 . a desert brush and arroyo . the headlight of the van snap on . Cathy and the two nun be reveal . the mano Blanco song be play loud on the radio . the frog and he second , the scorpion , really get up for the rape now , finish the tic-tac bottle . frog let 's see a littie striptease . take you clothes off . Three drunk guardsman be stripping they possession in the van -- throw passport into the ditch , take the money . the scorpion be lift Cathy 's skirt , giggle . she 's try to keep she skirt down . give she he tic-tac bottle . she take it now , drink , try to cooperate . the scorpion laugh . the frog come over now , really up for it on tic-tac . - 86 cont 'a : bs. frog the clothes ! off !! rapido ! two more of they come over . then the fifth . cathy ( to the nun ) go along with it . it 's we only chance . ' she make the first few tentative move of undress . two of the other follow , but the third , in she sixty , balk . sister ( in Spanish ) what 's the matter , do not you man have wife of you own ? this orovoke a gale of coarse laughter . the man talkine qraphically as Cathy 's body pnfold ... " boco ...tadn ... '' and more sarcastically about some of the older body , *oh , que horror !... que miedo etc '' : sump CUT to : '' the scorpion rip the clothes off the recalcitrant older nun ... and throw she in the ditch , staggering down to mount she . | co Cathy be be fuck by two of the animal inside the - : for van , wnicn 38 rock back ana forth , the patriotic party song still play off the tape deck ... she have a look of | resignation , yet tolerant , hopeful . dissolve to : two hour later . the man be get dress , tired , '' hang over , sick amd piss off ..- ° '' . the nun be cry , gather together they clothes . frog pick up he high - power rifle , callé ’to he man . frog * vamo ! he casually turn the rifle on cathv lving on she knee , . try to put she bra on . she look up , understand . she - look right into the barrel , cross herself ... and start cto pray as we cut to : ~ Long shot of the arroyo . and the shot be fire apd she be dead . and the other shot follow in quick succession . as the nun give up they soul . 87 . 7 mx . : ( rev.5/30/85 ext . nun burial site — brush — another day ( day 12 - 2 day a7 . ater 's 4 os c z @ $ " a S will 2 & a '' 1 2 laa 0 a : year q : e - a 7 & F 9 9 the Press be all over the place . cassady move like a cat with he camera . pauline axelrod do a stand - up for the mike . the dutch crew etc . boyle be the only Press Corps member not take picture , he be too shake . ris face today look like a bad dirt road ... a young peasant girl bring flower and place they father chandler and some nun be there , say mass with @ prayer shawl ... Kelly walk away ~ past boyle who have tear run down he face . he notice it , put he arm around Richard , comforting he . kelly stor it Richard ... .if you do that we 'l ) @ 11 do that boyle blink at he . rock be stand there with wilma in mourn , she 's cry . he can not smoke cigarette . anymore , crushes it under foot . Kelly go over to the gelegation from the town , lead by mayor gonzalez , the weak little mouse of a mayor , partially drunk on tic-tac , wide guilty eye . Kelly 's public affayr officer , carol snodgrass , ig talk quietly to Kelly , be 9 '' be carol eeethe rumor be five Guards do it for 15 colone and a bottle of tic-tac each and they get this clown to sign the death certificate , Kelly coldly eyeing the Mayor . his Security keep the Press at bay . . kelly will he talk ? carol not if we can not keep he alive ? 75 . + ( rev 5730785 ) 87 . cont 'd . 87 . kelly what be the chance of that ? carol slim and none ... and he know it kelly 2+- well tell he he 's get no business signing death certificate without a autopsy . I want one today ... I want to know if this bullet be government or rebel . ( Carol translate in expert Spanish ) rock come over . '' want a cigarette ? want a valium ? no . want x I to leave you alone ? " x pauline intersect bovle who shake himself out of he state . = pauline boyle , you look like you drank too much and run into a door ? boyle yeah , I run into four or five of they . pauline what do you think ... rumor be they might have x run the roadblock and there be a x exchange of gunfire ... x re look at she venomously , but say nothing . she 's too awful to waste word on . be walk away . she shake she head . - what a jerk . Kelly be furious at the Mayor who squeak out a answer to Carol . carol «sche say the doctor refuse to do the autopsy . kelly ( address gonzalez girectly ) why not ? gonzalez ( Spanish , terrify ) «+- because the doctor say they do not have they surgical mask ... kelly ( incredulous ) pm eeethey what ? they do not have they surgical mask ? 87 . 735a ( rev 5/30/85 ) cont 'd : €7 , furious , he walk away over to a tiny knot of U.S. embassy people , include Colonel hyde , Priscilla allworthy , a older State Department woman , and other . kelly puck it , I give up ) I be go to recommend to Washington we cut off all aid -- military and economic as of now . hyde and allworthy be stunne , look at each other . allworthy Sir , the situation 's just not that clear , I mean the nun be not just nun . they be political activist . hyde Sir , as I see it , they be come in from managua , they be Communist -orient -- maybe they get spook at the roadblock , maybe they be pack . it just get out ef control . you get a bunch of low - level barbarian here . a little érunk , Cathy be pretty . they do not need any order from above . . kelly ( livid now ) . pistol pack nun my ass ! I know Cathy Moore and there 's no way in hell you be go to sell I that shit Colonel . hyde Sir , General Garcia have versonally assure I of a complete investigation of the matter . relly sure , have the fox investigate the chicken coop . you think I be pretty stupid do not you Colonel . let I tell you something . I know about you and Reagan 's transition team come down here last month without check with I to meet with Major Max , and it 's go into my report . Cause what - ever they do they give the arana people the clear signal that result in this ... and the price will be on you head and mister Reagan 's ... — ( point to another body be drag up : - I soe abe 753 ( rev 5/30 / 85 ) ws 87 . cont’d : 87 . hyde flustered and surprised by Kelly 's knowledge of this . allworthy Sir , I think that 's a little farfetch in view of the ... kelly no it be not ! it 's totally irresponsible that 's what it be . you may think I a fool but America as I see it be dedicated to some kind of ideal , we do believe in something and this murdering bastard be not what we be about . and I be not support they . not one damn day longer ! be walk away . ) - yo 67 . te. : ( rev 5/21/65 ) cont 'p : 87 . Kelly 's military attache come run up from the ambassador 's car . . military attache Sir all hell 's break loose at alvarer 's x funeral . the G 's have take over the Church and about 8 block of downtown San salvador ! Kelly and Carol split for they car ... the PRESS corp , overhear , scramble for they gear . the news have shift . as they run like moth for they new source , we dwell a moment ©n the mourner who do not run . boyle among they . one last look at Cathy 's dirt - cake face . x as he make the sign of the Cross , take off he irish elonnard ring , and put . it on she finger . omitted : 88. ext , volcano road = day ( 3 day later ) Day 13 89 . boyle , study a map , look at he watch . e's sweat , a5 be cassady and the dutch crew when a boy , about 12 , suddenly appear on a white horse . . CuT to : ext . guerrilla camp ~ base of the volcano - day 90 . — es sre volcano ~ day the camp be in the form of a village , the old church convert to a military hospital , the schoolhouse now a readquarters . the villager be go about the daily business of fix @inner , shuck corn , except they be all pack weaponary . Children be evident everywhere . boyle photograph a troop of guerrillas -- man and woman -- go through a drill in the field . the dutch Crew filming , oltman obviously at home with the rebel , speak with the security chief , oltman ( Spanish ) ssewe want to spend a week with you , do - @ real in - depth and sympathetic portrait of you be heroes of the revolution ... the Security Chief be a tough 2 year - old who 's see it before , nod with a hard smile . a 76a 90 . cont would . 90 . 91 . : security chief beroes shit , that 's for the movie ... cassady be photograph individual guerrillas pose with they weapon . they look like Cowboys out of the Old West . int . guerrilla 5.0. 91 . captain marti , bearded , lean , tough , cuba-train -- be give the journalist a briefing with a map on @ pedestal , explain the military situation from they point of view . the battle flag be provdly post -- ist commando company , 3rd battalion , acre Brigade . several harden platoon leader look on . 92 . cont would ° 91 . 92 . . marti ( point to the map ) efor the first time we four army be united . we now control the infrastructure of morazon and chatalengo province ..< we be celling on all government troops to join we final Offensive and the people to rise up . we will take a 1 ] the major city , Santa Ana , San miguel , San vicente ... then San salvador will fall within 24 hour . cassady «ewhen Captain ? marti ( cryptic smile ) oeebefore Reagan ... boyle you really think you be ready Captain ? with 4000 troops take El ] salvador ? I mean the odd be the Pentagon 's , not gonna let that happen . marti osethe will of the people or the march of history can not be change . even by the korteamericano . ext . MAIN square = night $ 2 . the guerrilla be hold a makeshift dance in honor of Christmas , symbolize by a tree and hanging . the radio Plays some american rock tune and they jitterbug , '' pistol of théir belt . Van slyk and the dutch guy be filming .. ( cassady shoot 's still all the way through , never seem to relax . a girl study a book by candlelight , make note . a couple be kissing in front of a open fire . boyle interview gabriella , a younc woman fighter , 15 , with a shrapnel wound . rafael , the friend of carlos who escape with boyle 's help , be clean hr wouné . although she jook like a doe , she have a steely edge to she eye and she word be hard . ser face warm by the fire -- the radio in the distance . boyle be do a avdio interview . gabriella ( Spanish ) - ooedt be nothing . we kill six of they for one of we ... xl : 92 . cont would 78. boyle 52 . e + can you tell I why you be here ? gabriella ( proud , defiant ) why . my family be murdered , I be tape . that 's why ... and you gringo ? do you - understand -- have you see death ? boyle much yes . but only once have I see he face . Close . gabriella where ? boyle in Vietnam . a long time ago . gabriella what do he look like ? boyle Dark , frightening ... real . gabriella ( nod ) I see death too , that night ... they take we out of the village , make we stand in the square . first they hack to death my ather and my brother with a machete . then they make the woman take off they clothes , then they rape and kill my mother ... she be pregnant . they cut she open . then they rape my baby sister , make she do terrible thing . then they tape I . they throw the baby in the air and catch they with bayonnet . then they shot I ... she pull back she hair . there 's @ scar along she hairline . richaré reach out to touch it gently . boyle I be sorry ...¥'m sorry for you country . gabriella yes I see he too . I have see the face of death . . - rafael glance at Richard . the anger that fuel the revolution . cts tp ntneenmn en oe , tinea tena eee Le 79 , { rev 5/21/85 ) 93 . ext . cam ? - wext morning 93 a boyle and cassady be pack and get on horseback to leave with a campecino girl . oltman and he dutch crew shake they hand , oltman give boyle about a grand in cash . . oltman I think it be 2 day boyle boyle bulishit . 450 a day -- guarantee 3 day , come on man , I organize the parade now go not fuck I . oltman give he the money which he hungrily pocket . * oltman sure you do not want to stay ? boyle Nah I get all the photo 7 need . I gotta get back ... do not get yourself catch okay , '' dt will not be fun - oltman ( laugh ) sf . bo not worry I have be go this long ~~ enough ... and thanks boyle . good luck . 94 . ext . cathedral - san salvador - day 94 . SE ban salvador ~ day Close on a photograph of the dead face of ramon alvarez , as we pull back to boyle go a audio interview with carmen sanchez . the crowd around she be jostling , angry . a gemonstration in progress . carmen sanchez ( into mike ) «-swhen we find he body , he fist be still clench . they torture he . burn he . pour acid on he ! cut off he ball and stuff they in he mouth ! now I go not know what be go to happen . we can not control this anger ... the United : States must understand before it be too late that the people and not the government be the one with the power ... you must negotiate with we , not kill we like animalsi ... : boyle try to exit with pavline axelrod out of the crowd . she 's hit in the face . boyle shouting , " con permiso , periodista irelande !! trelandesii° : mgt petree tt 0 ot tte tne nate 2 '' 9s . go. : ( rev 5/27/85 ) int . camino real bar - wight . 95 int . camino real bar ~ might . boyle be huddle with Morgan and hyde , the bar quiet tonight , @ few military , no press . Morgan and hyde be examine boyle 's photograph of the rebel weapon . boyle 's in a lousy mood , drink too much , not like what he 's go . byde buy another round . hyde this do not show much . you know TI really x stick my neck out for you , boyle , you be x not too popular around here . x qook again at the photo ) x where be this take ? x boyle T can not tell you that Colonel , but you x ean see it 's mostly old stuff -- shotgun , bolt action rifle , capture belgian fln , some 50 cal and 120 mike - mike they rip off government troops . uf ryde any anti-aircraft stuff ? any sam ? boyle nothing ... now what about a cedula for my woman and she kid ? hyde ( shuffle the photo ) there 's not much here boyle or you be not tell we everything ... boyle look at he wearily . morgan what about recoiless rifle , rpgs ? boyle some . but not much ammo for the rpg 's . look they be in shit shape . they be get nothing . the only modern stuff I see be some of this ... ( point to a glossy ) morgan what 's that ? that new Czech 9 millimeter ? hyde Nah it 's a Ingram boyle favorite assassination weapon of we NATO ally , the brit -- and you can buy it in Miami . I guess that blow you Warsaw pact resupply theory Jack 95 . cont 'd 81 . ( rev 5/27/85 ) 95 . morgan shit they could have get that stuff from Arafat boyle yeah sure Jack -- when be you gonna believe what you see with you eye , man and not what military intelligence tell you to think . hyde ( eye he , slam he finger on the table to make each point ) listen boyle , we get awac , infrared , statement from a defect farn commandant and enough military intell to prove ten thousand percent that this be not no eivil war but outright commie aggression ... : boyle oh come on , you guy be lie about that from the fuck beginning , you never x present one shred of proof to the american public that this be anything - other than a legitimate peasant revolution so do not start tell I about the sanctity of military intelligence . mot after chile and vietnan . oe pe byde . you do not know what you be talk about boyle and I resent you ... boyle then resent it . you have be lie about the number of adviser here , you have be get " trainer " here on tdy ( hyde : '' bulishit ! " ) and you have lie about the switch of so-called humanitarian assistance money into the salvadoran military coffer -- and you have lie say this war can be win militarily . ( " of course it can ! " ) morgan calm down , boyle , I be sorry bentley . . hyde I be not gonna listen to this wino journalist 's leave - wing conmie crap , Jack , we know where this guy 's sympathy lie and I do not see why we be even talk to hin ... _ J ere ; 82. - ( rev 5/22/85 ) boyle ( he irish up now ) 35 . Left wing maybe Colonel byde , but I be not @ commie , you guy never seem to see the gifference ... you train Major Max at the Police Academy in Washington , you train rene chacon and Jose medrano in Vietnam , teach they how to torture and kill , then send they here and what @id chacon give we -- the mano Blanco , what be death squad but the CIA 's brainchild ... but you will run with they because they be anti-moscow ( * bullshiti* ) , you will let they close the university , wipe out the catholie Church , kill whoever they want , wipe out the best mind in the country ( " bullshit ! " ) but as long as they be not commy that 's okay . that , Colonel , be bullshit ! you have create : @ major frankenstein that 's what . x morgan ( cool ) we can control he boyle oh yeah , just like you control the Major max in Guatemala and chile and Argentina ... morgan you think pol pot and castro be any better ? boyle I do not know man but to some campecino out there who can not read or feed he family and have to watch he kid die from malnutrition ... well that guy do not really give a shit about marxism or capitalism hyde . yeah well it be that kind of crap think that lose we Vietnam , this * guilt® shit ... look at that place now ... boyle so that 's why you guy be here , look for some kind of Post -vietnam experience like you need a re-run or something . you get to turn this place into a military sone , pour in another 120 million gollar so they can get more chopper parade in ( continued ) -y 95 . cont 'd 62a ( rev 5/21/85 ) 9s . boyle ( cont would ) the sky ... all you be do be bring misery to this people . ( turn to Morgan ) for chrissake Jack , you gotta take care of the people first . in the name of human decency , something we Americans be suppose to believe in , you at least gotta try to have something of a just society here . oo '' ys : 95 . cont 'd 83 , ( rev 5/21/85 ) he stop , hearing himself , know they be enly word , he string run out . be chug he drink . morgan Zt 's part of we national plan , Rich , we do do a lot of good here ... I be often ask by people like you to examine conscience and every 80 often I do examine at ... boyle and what do you find sack ? morgan whatever mistake we make here , the alternative would be ten time worse . boyle ( shrug , @efeat ) - yeah ... he leave . ryde also get up as if to go to the man 's room . when boyle be out of earshot of Morgan , byde call to he . he go . eyde le ... poy ( boyle wait ) oe - there 's something you should know . my salvo counterpart be mighty piss about some " muy malo periodistas " go out with the " terrorist " . they figure they can catch one of this guy , they be gonna make a lesson out of he ... boyle look , I will get out of you hair , just get I a cedula for my woman and she two kid all right and I be go hyde get a cedula for you whore girlfriend 's the least of you problem , boyle . = personally do not give a shit if they kill you or not , I happen to hate the species you belong to , I be just tell you : they be serious ... and if I be you I would get my rubber shoe on . and get to the airport . boyle you know you fit right in here byde . you sound just like another gangster . & we ee ab tee ee 84 . ( rev 5/21/85 ) int . camino real HOTEL lobby - day ( 3 day later - Day 16 ) 9 '' the lobby be now a scene of rioling chaos as the World Press have descend on El salvador , vulture to the nun . also in the lobby be the unmistakable presence of american uniform and guy with crew cut , either spook or military or usaid guy run around . the country be get militarize . boyle , wear a tee-shirt that read ° periodista . do not shoot I , " coffee cup in hand , be on the telephone wait for he all to go through long -distance . at the same time he 's change dlack -market money with ernie the bellhop . the rate 's jump up . cunningham uefuck 200 in here , every damn bleed heart in the world 's here go nun storey , they get Dan Rather up on the roof do a '' in-depth * . : boyle hey change you money , never get a better rate , Ernie think the G 's be gonna split the country any day . as Ernie count out the colone for boyle , take he dollar . they be interrupt by a yuppie college - type , fisher , hold a telephone book , flash he Press Card at Ernie . fisher hi! hustler Magazine . I can not seem to find the telephone number of the guerrilla headquarters here . I want to give they a exclusive interview , maybe you can ... ett , tee et rea ee ee 85 . ( rev 5/30/85 ) 96 . cont 'd a cunningham turn away , disgust , as Ernie look at he , wonder how stupid a human be can be . boyle 's phone suddenly come through , take the mouthpiece off to the side , out of earshot . operator mister boyle ... NBC Radio on the line , go ahead voice ( come on , sharp ) what do you get ? boyle four dutch journalist be find dead this morning outside chatelanango . the government say they be catch in a ambush but the powder burn be at close range . also get a break in the nun 's story . the Mayor of libertad 's be murder . * , voice ( cynical ) '' not good enough . today you would need the second come of Christ . boyle ban : what happen . voice John Lennon just get pop . Fisher be on the phone yell . fisher that 's right amigo , get I the number of the frente democratico revolutionario ... I do not have all day . cut to : boyle 's in the bar area of the lobby have a beer with rock who 's go more and more ' native ' . rock . boyle , let 's assess the situation , the hard cold fact of life . you get no money , no job , no hope , no possibility of redemption -- and you look like shit . but you get one thing go for you . Maria still care about you , I do not know why but she do -- you oughta go back to that woman on you knee ... vy be. ( rev 5/30/85 ) 96 cont would . 96 . boyle ( do not want to talk about it ) later Doc rock ( proud ) hey here 's wilma ! as she make she way towards they with a shaggy mutt on a x leash . a cute fat little chick , 16 , no tooth , but a warm smile . " rock wilma , you know " boy-lah * ( they shake hand ) _ @nd look at this Rich -- bagel 2 ... be not he cute ? waxing sentimental as he hug the dog , boyle great Doc ... rock be busy with wilma and the @og as another voice cut in on boyle 's other end . . voice bey amigo ... can I buy you another one ? x boyle look . a lean , tall southwestern guy in short sleeve seem a little drunk . a face like leather , sparse hair . a chopper pilot maybe in civvy . boyle nod . spook a chiva for I ... where you from amigo ? boyle : bere and there , spook you one of they journalist run all over the goddamn place ... boyle wah ... parrot . I be do a wildlife documentary in honduras . Jean Jacques cousteau stuff . : spook so what be you do in El salvador ? boyle oh I got.@ bum steer . not much wildlike leave . 87 . ( rev 5727735 ) . 96 cont would : 96 . hb : spook o-- must be interesting work . I I be just a boring old construction engineer . oh really ... a bespectacle unitarian missionary interrupt . unitarian Mr. boyle , I be reverend abram from the first Church of Boston and we would like th asa journalist to join we candle - ight vigil for peace and justice tonight outside mister casanova 's headquarters ? boyle look at he like he have a few screw loose , '' no , thanks , I be sorry ... " the spook overhear he be a journalist . : . unitarian sseyou see we feel if we can show the media that we will not tolerate the abuse by the mano Blanco Party that ... be 's interrupt by a disturbance -- Fisher from " bustler® i protest as he be hustle out of the lobby by three plain - ~~ clothesmen with dark glass . boyle turn he back on he . the tall spook lean close to boyle , hold he elbow in a friendly yet menace manner , a smile on he face , maybe a little less g@runk now . spook ecsyou know boyle , mis amigo , you see like a nice fella even if you area journalist . let I give you a little friendly advice out there in the bush ... ( not too friendly now ) boyle sure spook be careful ... ( he go ) cassady come hurry across the lobby in full gear , pull Richard aside . cassady boyle , the offensive 's just start . G 's hit Santa Ana and San vincente a hour ago . some government troops go over to they let 's qet goinal naat ste teem cet 2 ~ will eee ee ee ~ 96 . 97 . '' a : — bs. ( rev 5/27/85 ) cont 'd x 's boyle ( hesitant ) x John , I gotta make a quick stop in libertad , cassady ( amaze ) libertad ? we will lose 2 hour , I get film x boyle then go without I man cassady read he eye , relent . cassady all right , let 's go x boyle doe catch you later ... before Doc can ask , they be go , racing through the lobby . ext / int . maria' shack = day 97 ext / int . maria' shack - day 's boyle , wheel screeching on he mg , kick up a cloud of dirt , brake in front of Maria 's . re 's out of the car like a bat , run . - duglas and reina be play in the dirt , see he . jump up , run to he . shout of " papa !®... he pick the girl up and swing she in the air , giggle . as we see the back of Maria 's head watch through a window from inside the shack . he knock on the door , she open it . he have a look on he face that she have never see before , as if this be a matter of life and death and could be the last time ... as if he need she more than anything in he life ... he suddenly hold she , a frantic hold as if she would fly away if he let she go . the wrinkle old grandma look on from the kitchen , slap paupusas together . boyle Maria ... I be she put she hand on he lip . CUT to : om 98 . 100 . dy , ( rev 5/27/85 ) a back room in the shed , light filter through the crack , 9e they make love . : there be a moment of stillness as they hold each other . mothing to be say . then he move . she know . boyle vamo maria ( sadly ) Si ... there be tear in she eye ... ext . road to santa ana = day . 99 . = ed banta ana = day Cars be line up on the road . people run under they . Pigs be squealing in the back of @ truck . boyle racing he mg towards the roadblock , cassady with telephoto lens hang out the side , ready for anything . armed men , rifle ready , flag down boyle 's car . cassady hold up a white flag as they brake . it 's apparent now the rebel be in control of the road . distant artillery be crash @ll over the place . &mall arm fire . cassady periodistas . no arma . rebel si. Alto acui . boyle and cassady jump out of the car . cassady ( Spanish ) can we get picture rebel ( Spanish ) it 's you funeral . ext . police bq = day : joo. boyle and cassady move up through the street to the Police ho on the central square . Inside be several trap national guardsmen , fire . a badly wounded man crawl into the bunker . another one be cut down as he try to get in . 100 . 101 . 102 . 90 . ( rev 5/27/85 ) cont 'p 2 10 : the rebel be in various pocket of landscape , not easily visible . : cassady we be not get anything good here . wanna try to get inside ? x boyle nod . cassady stick up he white flag . they go . Racing across the street , we think they will be cut down any x moment , but no one fire . int . police bo 102 : boyle and cassady leap inside , out of breath . eleven guardsmen be leave inside , two badly wounded , ury out without morphine , near death . they look fearfully at this two strange gringos . cassady periodistas ! lieutenant ( young , terrify ) que pais ? boyle norte americano they look at he as if there be suddenly hope of salvation . cassady whip out he marlboros , pass they around . loudspeaker ( Spanish ) Brothers of the National Guard . you have five minute , if you do not surrender , you will die -- the guardsman choke up in terror , know death be near . ext . santa ana street = day 102 x Sat so rs os preet = day colonel figueroa be in he lead tank , infantry behind and to the side of he , binocular to he eye . the rebel be - pin he down with heavy fire from various conceal position . radio man Colonel , the guerrilla force have penetrate the cuartel ! figueroa shit ! get I the estadio major fast 102 . 103 . 104 . 105 . 91 . ( rev 5/21/85 ) cont'd 2 19 as captain marti scan . figveroa 's position from a adjacent belltower , say something in he radio . rpg 's , mortar fire open up with renew intensity on figueroa , bis tank be hit , and shrapnel blow figueroa down into he tank , wounded , mis lead armored personnel carrier go up in flame , block off he street . int . police bq : 10 : a new volley of heavy fire and a mortar shell rip a great hole x in the roof above they , indicate the attack have begin . a x guardsman be hit in the head . cassady right there ¢ith the shot , boyle not as dedicated a photogravher , look around as he hear horse , war cry . intercut : ext . police hq '' 104 the rebel cavalry be charge down the central square , boyle x amaze . boyle cassady - look , cavalry ! cassady expose himself to get the shot of the oncoming rebel . the guardsman cower behind the concrete , unable to fire such be the density of the income . boyle finally have to grab cassady and pull he out of the fire zone . boyle : you crazy fuck fool you be not that magic . . cassady ( craze ) today I be boyle ! the cavalry charge right up on top of the stair , unload they fire . other gismount and racing into the gG , yell " hand UPI " in Spanish . interior - santa ana cuartel 105 . mortar ang machine gun fire . troops retreate . a sng een ele eee ae 206 . 107 . 92 . ( rev 5721/85 ) interior - figueroa office lot = a office smiling death 4s on the radio with staff , bark out instruction , fun to the map . radio man the line be dead sir ! smiling death Dead ! what the hell 's happen ! where be the Americans ? suddenly there 's a burst of fire from just outside the door and it 's kick in and several of he troops burst into the x office , levelling they gun at he -- follow by the rebel , x the staff throw up they hand , as the rebel move into the room with red armband , several of they woman , one of whom recognize smiling death , yell something about " let 's x kill the death squad pig '' point at smiling death . . x a harden young rid , about 15 , step forward , level he uzi at he belly , look in smiling death 's eye . the smile be go , a intense martyrdom in they now . smiling death you can kill I but you can never destroy El salvador -- you commie puta , swine , traitor ... the kid emotionlessly cut he in half at Close quarter . int . U.S. embassy - milgroup briefing room = simultaneous 207 . the ball be crowded with US officer , civilian , briefcase , gun , action , cable , quick movement as kelly watk into the briefing room over to black jack morgan , who rip off a report on the telex . the room be fill with computer , tracking satellite scan , the latest commo equipment . morgan Sir ... there 's a sighting that sandanistas have land a major equipment load in the Gulf of fonteca ... : kelly ( shocked ) any backup on this tack ... . . morgan ( do not answer , under strain ) Sir , there 's no time . Santa Ana have fall , the country be cut in half , the first armored be get wipe out , the situation ( continued ) L 107 . cont 'd 93 . ( rev 5/27/85 10° . morgan ( cont would ) be deteriorate faster than we expect . El salvador will fall in the next 48 hour ! hyde ( hostile ) ooe24 ! they air force 's go no gas , no ammo . we either restore military aid right now or we go to phase Three . we get the 82nd airborne on alert and the Marines be in position on the Ranger . what do you want to do Sir ! kelly I will not be stampede like this , paul. ( to Morgan ) substantiate that Nicaragua stuff right now . hyde then sir if we do not give the order to evacuate soon I can not be responsible for the safety of this embassy or the american community here ! Kelly waver , Morgan go for the jugular , morgan e+-listen ambassador , we all know you be go to be out in a few day , that 's not the issue here , the issue ig -- do you want to go down in the history book as the man who lose El salvador ? bold on Kelly . a man tear by he conscience , who as he say it , regret it . kelly all right , I be go to recommend to the President that we resume military assistance . {to he aide ) get I Washington . give the order to x release the ordinance ané petrol stock - pile at tlopango . hyde oe yes sir ! a 94 . ( rev 5/21/85 ) 108 . ext . santa ana STREET - day los . pigueroa on the radio , he troops pin down , take heavy x casualty . x marti voice 109 . 110 . figueroa ... do you hear I ?... Santa Ana have fall ... further resistance be stupid , futile ... join we ... we need man like you in the new government . we can build a new salvador . figueroa look back to he deplete troops . truck be burn , dead body everywhere in the street . Mo pigueroa chinga tu madre ! ( go fuck you mother ! ) ( into separate radio ) puckit , we be not gonna sit here and be pick off ! we be push out of here ! all unit - follow I ! ted as he personally take control of he tank push the wounded driver aside . cursing , he ram he tank into the lead apc , push it out of the way . his radio man plead with the estado Major for air support , he churn he vehicle at top speed through wither mortar and machine gun fire . omitted : : : 109 . ext . police ho 110x the survive seven national guardsmen , include the lieutenant , be hogtie . x rafael , the young medic , be treat a badly wounded rebel . gabriella , the rebel girl from the camp , be now in charge ©f the company , on the radio . a runner tear up to she . x runner ( point ) figueroa 's break through . he 's come up the street . boyle and cassady nearby , reloading camera , dirt all over they , exhaust . boyle tank man ! panhard ! can you lay on two more roll of tri - X . cassady give they to he wordlessly , Cleaning he lens . tutt een et ee ee ee cere eee 7 ilo . 212 . , 95 . - ( rev 5/21/85 ) cont 'd cassady my 120 's fuck up . boyle look up . one of the national guardsmen be scream , plead for he life . gabriella stand over he , she 245 at the back of he head . she fire . boyle run over . cassady follow . another shot . a third . they path be block by the guerrilla . rebel no picture ! boyle give up he camera , get by the man , but be grab before he can stop gabriella . she be stand over the young lieutenant who be begsing . the other remain be all cry or pray silently . lieutenant I never hort anybody . please . in the name of the Father ! I have a wife , a son ! a shot terminate he life . she move down the line . boyle , disgust , turn away , see rafael , who look away . be go up to he , grab he . boyle be this you justice ! you have become just like then . rafael it 's war . you do not have the stomach for it , get out . be pack he medical kit . the guerrilla fan out fast as we hear the sound of figueroa 's oncoming tank . one last coup de grace shot ring out . then a roar of machine gun fire and rocket as the rebel engage figueroa 's lead unit down the street . ext . STREET = pigueroa's armore column = day er armore column = day figueroa , drive the lead tank , be take intense fire from gabriella 's unit . his unit start appear at various street lead into the marketplace , from he Pov , he and the radioman ram a@ shell into the chamber and fire a beat round which crash near gabriella 's command post in the Police headquarters . 2110 9 . . ( rev 5/22/85 ) 211. cont would . 113. another apc come up alongside figueroa 's tank and fire a white phosphorus shell at the rebel . radio voice congratulation figueroa , now you must retake the cuartel immediately . x figueroa tell that shithead run this show it can not take anything without air support and I need it now ! 212 . ext . gabriella's position = police bo , 212x from she point of view she see the tank fire into she position . ber position be hopeless unless she can get x more mortar and ammo . she gather she last few fighter x from the headquarters platoon to personally lead a desperate counterattack against figueroa 's tank . 113 . ext . figueroa's lead tank = day 113 . G figueroa be personally direct he few remain tank to a fire down into the rebel position . he grab the radio '' from he radio man . figueroa where be that air support , goddammit ! radio voice the Americans have release the ordinance and fuel , a squadrom of fighter will be on you target in two minute , out . figueroa well , it 's about fuck time . figueroa raise he hand , and motion for he armored ' column to charge forward . x 114 . ext . santa ana STREET - simultaneous : 1214x captain marti on the radio to gabriella . his church tower be now besiege by figueroa 's infantry . a rebel be up in the bell tower ringing both bell furiously , try to rally the troops . be ee se pene - weet ene 114 . 115 . ( rev 5/23/85 ) cont 'd > 114 marti you be a great fighter compadre ! you must hold the Square ! at all cost ! do not retreat . the people will rise up any moment . venceremo ! but as he look up , three chopper come zoom over the ehurch , machine gun crapping , chew up he troops . ext . santa ana square - simultaneous 415 civilian be die everywhere . a father run for a doorway with he dead child drape naked in he arm . another child die quietly in he mother be sobbing arm as boyle and cassady move , get great shot but obviously they be take heavier and heavier fire from figueroa 's tank and infantry . gabriella at the Police headquarters , in now barricade on the step outside , under tank fire , on the last of she ammo . boyle look up into the sky with a sense of dread as he hear it . he see four black dot off in the distance . they be come . reaper of he destruction . cassady reset he telephoto lens . boyle try to advance he camera but the advance lever now break off -- rendering he camera useless . he throw the lever away and kick himself , frustrated , a symbol of he waste life , miss the great shot of he lifetime . the four black dot be get closer , fighter -- pilato -- in a tight formation , on a low strafing run . as the rebel scatter , cassady edge up for the shot of the plane come right up main street , lay out death on the gime . boyle yell for he to get down but lose in the encroach roar . cassady , in he apotheosis , shoot the plane come right at he , bomb rack unload . catch that moment of death as gabriella be hit square in the head , mortally wounded ... boyle throw himself into a doorway . x rarr } 115 . 98 . ( rev 5/27/85 ) cont 'd . il cassady shoot . the moment of death . wis death . the plane at 100 mph , engine roaring , right on top of he ! he finally make he dive for safety . too late . as the magic bullet finally rip ovt he throat . boyle scream -- no! no ! then a chopper appear out of nowhere . Vietnam , ' 67 . a U.S. doorgunner glimpse in the sun , shade , helmet , with he salvadoran pupil , but it be the U.S. trainer who be fire -- as he rake boyle with machine gun fire . boyle , hit inthe heel , crash to the pavement , yanking he leg , make he painful way towards cassady . the chopper mop its way down the street . the rebel be dead or die , the infantrymen swarm up over the street and marketplace to finish they off . rafael and the remainder of the rebel Force , about 30 - 40 man , be withdraw , put ovt fire , keep this from become a total rout . rafael 's face the last thing we see as he vanish across a wall . 3 38 oe oe boyle yell " periodistal '' at the infantryman , who stop , scope he out , continue on -- get to cassady , he chest now a mass of blood . boyle pull open he mouth , but see he can not breathe , too much blood . he take ovt he pen and jab it into cassady 's throat hole , perform a crude , emergency tracheotomy . . boyle sohn , can you breathe now ? cassady , gurgle , try to talk . he reach for he camera , for boyle to take the film , as boyle perform mouth to mouth , boyle 's ear right next to the poor man 's mouth , now hear the painful whisper . cassady : . ere get it , boyle , I get the shot . get it to New York man , put it in they hand ! as he struggle to perss the filthy blood - soak camera into boyle 's hand . boyle quickly grab it , press cassady 's hand hard , close to he ear . gen ( rev 5/21/85 ) 115 . cont would . 4s rk : boyle I promise John . you get the shot John . you get the magic shot ... you be the best ! John 's blood - encrust hand release all its tension and x slide off he camera and flop on the ground . as the pilato make another ear-splitt , death - whining x turn over the town . x boyle bury he face in he hand . 1isa ext . town square - later day 11 sa ; the vulture have arrive en masse . : as have the Press . several crews work the battle , compete with the vulture , who be fight for they food , not . afraid of the ' intruder . four Press guy haul John cassady x back down the street , chase by photographer . x pauline axelrod do she stand - up . chopper be landing have and set off in background . a knot of salvadoran military so + brass be with pauline -- a general be interview . a : he 's incense , hand point at the dead guardsman . x salvadoran general show that , periodista , show that to the american people , show what the Communists do ! pauline on cue pan to the corpse . boyle go by in he litter , he tune it # 11 out -- on he way to the wait medivac chopper . a silver chopper just landing now in a cloud of dust -- milgrp 7648 and a american flag mark on it . but the dust blur out he vision . black jack morgan and a military man come alongside boyle . morgan hey boyle , you allright ? sorry bout cassady . you okay ? boyle Foot 's fuck . hey , who 's win the war man ? 115 . ) ~ 125a 98a : ( rev 5/21/85 ) cont 'd - 4s ' boyle I promise John . you get the shot John . you get the magic shot ... you '’re the best ! John 's biood - encrust hand release a 1 ] its tension and x slide off he camera and flop on the ground . as the pilato make another ear-splitt , death - whining x turn over the town . x boyle bury he face in he hand . ext . town square - later day 115a ; the vulture have arrive en masse . as have the Press . several crews work the battle , compete with the vulture , who be fight for they food , not afraid of the ' intruder . four Press guy haul John cassady x back down the street , chase by photographer . x pauline axelrod do she stand - up . chopper be landing and set off in background . a knot of salvadoran military - brass be with pavline -- a general be interview . he 's incense , hand point at the dead guardsman . x salvadoran general show that , periodista , show that to the american people , show what the Communists do ! pauline on cue pan to the corpse . boyle go by in he litter , he tune it all out -- on he way to the wait medivac chopper . a silver chopper just landing now in a cloud of dust -- milgrp 7648 and a american flag mark on it . but the dust blur out he vision . black jack morgan and a military man come alongside boyle . morgan bey boyle , you allright ? sorry bout cassady . you okay ? boyle Foot 's fuck . hey , who 's win the war man ? 9e5 rev 5/21/8 : 2i5a cont 'd : 115 a morgan ( jauch ) who do you think ? we get Santa Ana back and the Indians be run for the hill ... oh by the way , you hear about Kelly ? boyle what ? morgan ( rub it in ) he 's ' be bounce . look like the new boy be in . a 99 . 115 , cont 'é ( rev 4/25/05 ) + . . a0 " boyle make you worder who the real vulture be here . see you * xound amigo - Morgan move awayr boyle 's eye move back to the silver chopper , now jifting off in a cloud of dust . through the whirring blade and rotor wash , squinting . boyle now see sl byde in animated conversation with a figure wear shade and light jacket . it look like major mak -~ then the chopper be go . 126 . int . salvadoran military hospital _- day the ward be crowded with wounded personnel and they family , in some case up to half a dozen surround each bed . he doctor be operate on boyle 's foot right at the bed -- a tendon be cut , some nerve severe , & messy wound , boyle grip & whiskey bottle which he drink , scream at the doctor in Spanish . boyle fuck , gimme a painkiller for chrissake !$! you dumb shit ~~ the doctor. inure to pain and scream and practically everything . 1 simply wipe the blood off he scalpel on he filthy smock a : and with the nurse's assistance , start sewing boyle up like a turkey - figueroa a few bed down , be drunk on he own whiskey . jaugh at boyle 's expression of pain . figueroa ah boyle -~ you be alvay good for a jaugh ! listen . you be lucky . he tell I he want to amputate you foot . bot I tell he you be & friend . boyle ( cursing they all ovt ) chinga tu madre , you puta , you dumb shit clean the fuck scaipel at least willy a !! poctor rock come burst in with little reina in he arm - and duglas trail ... then maria follow , & Little frighten . poc Rich , you okay ! __ boyle . wot ! gimme k valium , a joint , anything !! .. : ~ -' 2100 . 116 . 216 cont would rock pull out a packet of pill and a bottle of tic-tac . Maria try to comfort he . but the doctor be suddenly call away as captain marti , badly wounded , be drought in , a@ lieutenant yell that this case take priority .: the Doctor and nurse hurry over , leave boyle . doe sotto voce , look around . boc I get some cedulas Rich . from the bruja . for the kid and Maria . they be pretty good waving the fake cedulas but boyle can not see , blurred with pain . poc she try to fake you exit visa but she fuck up a bit but I think it will work . show he a blurred exit visa in he crumpled passport book . boc you gotta get outta here man , the bacienda police come by Roberto ' 's last night . Said you be illegally in the country . Roberto tell they he think you be dead . on boyle . be feel like he be at this point , grip Maria 's hand . Maria change expression . rock follow . boyle look at what they be look at -- now see two mano blanco mox " '' trs burst into the ward , obviously look for somebody anc co . - iously pack something in they waistband . they come right up to bovle . mano blanco monster ( look at boyle ) gringo ? rock uh... muy importante . Dan Rather . CBS . 6i. ese. amigo de ronaldo Reagan . they do not care about boyle , cast they eye around the ward . figueroa quietly go for he .45 . one of the Arena guy yell something to the other one . _ they go over to Captain marti , rip off the top sheet , the Doctor try to protest . - o~ 2116 . 117 . it foe iol . cont would lle mano blanco monster ( push he away ) I will finish the operation for you Doc ... as he blow marti‘ 's brain out . they run away . everybody be shocked but no one say anything . '' as the nurse turn off the life support system and the Doctor throw up he hand , wipe they , and cross back to work on boyle , pull he scalpel out . boyle see he come , take a big swig of tic-tac , eye get woozy , grip Maria 's hand . ext . road = near salvadoran border - day 117 . boyle drive Maria and the kid , Doc in back . the car be smoking badly , actually fall apart now . as be boyle , who be evidently very sick , stuff with painkiller , codeine in he weaving eye , he can barely keep he infect foot on the gas pedal . Maria be very worried . tensing now as they pass a sign , '' frontera <- Guatemala -- 500 metros . " . boyle Doc , when we get there you hang back . any trouble you get on the phone to Kelly . if he 's go , morga n '}} help ... boc I hear you the first time Rich boyle * least you do not ask ' why ? 's anymore . boc yeah , now it 's ' why not ? 's boyle you take care of yourself , Doc , do not become a tic-tac monster ( try a smile ) and do not stay too long . they kill people here . . doc ( echoing boyle ) you believe everything you read in tite papers boyle ? I love it here in El salvador . no cop , no law , no yuppy . T get wilma , I get bagel 2 , I be go '' into partnership with Roberto ona ~ nightclub , I be gonna be a dj again , ny life be go great -- and I owe it all to you Richard . thanks for take I . ~~ 117 . cont would 118 . 119 . 102 . he mean it in he own sarcastic way . boyle give he a 217 . heartfelt look . . boyle - 3°11 miss you Dec boc yeah for " dos mense " . say hello to gringo - land for I . ext . border station - day a33 . ten national guardsmen be milling around a semi-busy checkpoint . a bus try to get through to Guatemala . the Guards be finish breakfast , in no great hurry , coffee , bean , rice , meat . they be bored with the fly and heat , mariachi radio music blast out , crap strewn all over , empty ticetac bottle ; they be obviously hang over and not look forward to another boring day of shit duty . boyle sit there in he mg on a line , nervous . bis foot kill hin . Dec watch he from a cantina across the street . smile . good luck . kerve . int . custom shed . 119 . boyle , Maria and the kid give they cedulas to a border guard , a thin , intense man in a grubby tee-shirt , military cap , 245 pistol , he look like a grasshopper . he study the papers , they . the cedulas seem to be all right but it 's boyle 's exit visa that catch he interest . boyle be sweat , nervous , look weird with he drugge eyeball circle he head . : grasshopper fhold up exit visa ) this be phony boyle ( shocked , a look of dismay & hurt ) ro phony . seguro . be call to he bull - like boss who come over , burping , chew on a toothpick . they hold up the exit visa to the light . smudge ink , sloppy . boyle and Maria share a look of fear . grasshopper and the bull share a brief monologus , a ~ 103. 119 . cont would '' ys the bull it 's fake ... boyle leok allright , it be a rush job . I have to get back to America . I be : a journalist . Newsweek . time. CBS . . Big shot ... as he produce he outdated Press Card in Spanish . with it twenty - five U.S. dollar . the bull see it , take it . '' pocket the money , take the . card , go back into the rear office , say nothing . boyle where 's he go ? . grasshopper telefono . Capital ... boyle share @ glance with Maria who be grip duglas -- make sure he do not blow it . reina start to cry - the situation get out of hand . boyle look at he last fake gold wrist watch , pull it off he wrist . : : boyle look , I just remember I have a meeting in the capital with ambassador White and Mr. Jose d-u-a-r-t-e , my friend napoleon ... as he glance at the bull on the phone , he phone connection have come through . the bull Si ... " boy-iay , Rich - ard boylay ...si... " ( rattles on in Spanish ) boyle ( to grasshapper ) so look I gotta get go back to the capital . I will be back ... leave he gold watch behind and ushere Maria and the kid out quickly . : + shed : - 120 . boyle try to get into the mg , eye crossing immediately with doc across the street . a thumb down gesture . ~~ . los , 128 . int . airport - simultaneous os be bultaneous relly be yell into the phone , furious . aide hover nearby , he plane to Washington ready to gepart . — _ relly you tell General martinez I be stil2 the ambassador in this country for one more day . and I want boyle and he friend out of there now or I a go to make that Gay hell for you bastard -- you get that mister ! 129 . mmr. custom suEp the phone ring loud . twice . the bull , chew on he toothpick , teading a foto- novella , pick it up . stiffen . bis boss . the bull Colonel ? si1 ... Boy clay ...8i...aye , ( worried ) mas tarde ... pero un momento ... 12i 229 the voice yell at he . the bull pad slowly to the death shed ... . intercut to : 130 . int . death shed se seed pedro slamm the bolt on he carbine . he 's piss at lose the argument with grasshopper , who check he watch . boyle know this be it . and there 's no way some miracle be go to happen . boyle all right , fuck -- get it over with ... cross himself one last time . for real . spit out the cyanide pill . pedro raise the rifle . - boyle wait . pedro pull the trigger . : - nothing happen . they # 11 look at each other . = , boyle ( piss now ) = you dumb schmuck , can not you even get the goddamn ammunition right ! 2130 . oa 130 . 131 . 132 . : 109 . cont would 4 13 grasshopper yell at pedro as they siam the bolt open , check out the bullet , Laurel and bardy join the argument , they all seem to agree . a new bullet be put in . boyle be piss , cursing they out . pedro slam the bolt shut . raise the rifle . boyle chinga de madre ! the door open , the bull jovially Calling to pedro . the bull hey pedro ! be 's a good guy ... hey boy-lay , amigo , come , big mistake ... on boyle . int . custom shed 232 boyle be drink beer , he Major Max hat on he head as the guardsmen bring he fry chicken , return # 11 he possession , treat he like a major gignitary now , all smile . pedro grinking a beer with he , show he girty picture and guffaw . grasshopper offer he a @utograph picture of Major Max . the bull give he back the expose roll of film as if they be still good . the bull con permiso ? clap he on the back as maria and the kide run in . they have not be touch , Maria so relieved to see boyle alive -- ber face say it all as she run to embrace hin . dissolve to : ext . nogales , mexico + STREET = day 132 . a few day later . boyle with a hula shirt buy duglas a L.A. dodger baseball cap that go with he bulk t-shirt . Maria have a ucla t-shirt on , a skirt , chew gum , she look like a perfect american housewife havling reina in a mickey mouse outfit . - 134 . , llo . 133 , ext . U.S. border station - nogales - pay 333 boyle , look bored and havling gift , bottle of kaluha , go through the turnstile on a crowded Sunday afternoon , Maria and the kid right behind he . - we hand he press card to the custom officer , who glance e@t it . it 's not a particularly tight checkpoint . officer where you be ? boyle ( shifting bag , busy ) oh , just take the wife and kid to nogales for the afternoon . ( to Maria ) sweetie , do you remember to take the foast out for tonight ? . maria ( in perfect rehearse English ) sure honey , I take care of it ... hold this duglas ( in good English ) daddy , when can we go to disneyland ? officer ( bored , look to next person ) okay next . they cross . Maria unbely at the ease of it . int . greyhound bus ~- day 134 . as it zoom up a Arizona highway -- desert on both side . " Phoenix " ahead . Inside the bus , Maria , very content , snuggle up to Richard . . boyle es todo muy bien , mis amor ? maria Si ... boyle ( Spanish ) gringoland . it 's a wacko joint but nothing like El salvador . you can éo — what you want here , be what you want <= long as you get money . I be gonna sell : some salvador storey , maybe a story - on John ... thing .. be gonna work out - okay now -- thing be gonna be okay , mis amor - okay ? ohug she cozy ) I ty fee nee yon , '' yx '' % + , verge nen ae the ee ren aeeerriee nnne ee will . 134 . cont would ; 13 % duglas and reina be stare wide - eye out the window at gringoland . eeethe shiny car wash palace , the diner with they crazy sign , the fast car , it 's all new to hin . - the bus come to a stop , air brake . boyle look around . what the hell be it . the goor open . a immigration officer come on . look like Erik estrada , six foot , dark sunglass , shiny gun , radio on he hip , he strut down the aisle , check the papers on certain latino type -- ignore the anglos . boyle , freaking out , grip Maria 's hand . she obviously know , terrify by the uniform on the large gringo . the officer come up to Richard , look at Maria , the kid . boyle ( hand he he Press Card ) bi...took my wife and kid to nogales for the day . sunglass ( to Maria ) be you he wife ? Maria be unable to answer , freeze in terror . the Officer sense it . boyle sure she be . what be this anyway . sunglass ( to Maria ) papale , passaporte ... carta verde maria ( defeat ) no , nada . . boyle ( stand up , ready to fight ) bey man , why do not you leave she alone , she 's with I , she 's be through hell in salvador and I be a journalist and she 's my researcher and assistant . the Officer have whipped out he radic . officer : - Three suspect . one Latin female adult , two kid . call the wagon ... ten four . .: boyle - come on man -- you can't do this to heri ! -~ 134 . cont would : 42. officer 136 stay outta this buddy boyle be on he like a bat . give hin a chop to the face and the rib . tries to get Maria out of there . '' boyle ° maria == go ! <= bow ! but it 's too late . two more sunglass hit the bus , wield handcuffs and gun . sunglass 2 awright buddy -- freeze ! maria Richard ! =-- stop ! I go . ber voice imperial , cut through all the chaos . Richard stop , throw up he hand . sunglass 1 , piss , grab boyle by the neck and jerk he into a empty seat -- handcuffs he to the seat . meanwhile the other two have handcuff Maria -- and start push she towards the front of the bus -- with duglas and reina . : buglas ( call back ) papa ! where be they take we ? reina ( terrify ) papa -- come with we ... Maria get a hold of they , talk to they . look back at Richard . one last heartbreaking look . Richard can not take it , start scream at the cop . boyle £ you send she back -- they will kill she . they will rape her and mutiliate ber -- do you bear I you bastard sunglass 1 lose he temper now and rush back and punch boyle hard in the face . sunglass allright , you be under arrest asshole ! boyle . os please ~~ they ' } 1 kill the kid too . -= you do not know what it 's like in . El salvador . 213. 134 . cont would 13 135 . wrest sunglass handcuffs boyle 's hand behind he back and move he down the aisle . his move Pov through the bus window of Maria be put in the first squad car . a older guy , leathery face , squinty eye , mutter to he old tary . older guy he 's on drug . boyle be lead off the bus -- across to @ 2nd squad car just arrive . a yuppie couple , 30' , watch a 1 ] this , the wife visibly upset , she husband reassure she . yuppie busband oo - but honey somebody 's get to keep this people out or we will be overrun ( to Driver ) Driver , we be run late as it be . can we get go now ? the bus door svish close with a hiss of air . ext . highway = day 135 . boyle push into a squad car . sunglass on the Radio . General cop bullshit -- " one wma , boyle , Richard David , 2/26/42 ... " as Richard twist around , look at the other squad car . one last glimpse of Maria , handcuff , and the kid look at he through the backseat window . they be all cry , duglas pound on the glass . sire whining , Erik estrada flash by , they squad car now go . back to the South . go forever . as Richard head north . a stunne look , never so lose or alone -- tear in he eye . the end iter eee