" I am SAM " screenplay by kristine Johnson jessie Nelson 2001 shoot draft int . starbucks - 7:30 a.m. we be watch a pair of hand arrange white sugar packet , blue equal packet , and pink sweet and low into small container . with precision and lightning speed , the mix up color and crumpled packet be transformed into neat little color-code row . wait , this container have three equal and four sweet and ' low . the hand quickly pluck the mutant sweet and ' low . there . symmetry . we move up that hand and meet SAM dawson as he survey he domain . something about he . he 's extremely compelling , uniquely handsome . but it 's more than that . that eye , they sparkle with the wonder of a child . life 's cynical edge have not etched it 's path across this face . they light on a coffee cup hold by one of the regular . SAM double double decaf low - fat cap . bruce you get it , buddy . SAM good choice very good choice . Sam move along , comment to customer as he place sweet and low on table , the self - appoint host of Starbucks . SAM ( cont 'd ) mocha rumba frappuccino no whipped , half low , half non . excellent choice . very good choice . he stop in front of sale mug and turn they so that the logo all face the same way . his boss GEORGE approach . GEORGE Sam , they call . it 's time for you to go . Sam freeze , but do not turn around . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Sam , do you hear I ? SAM " it 's time for you to go . " GEORGE yes . SAM it 's time . GEORGE good luck . without another word , Sam walk straight out the door . ext . los angele STREET - day Sam , still in he white apron , walk down the busy street . he have a fast , lope gait that do not slow or hesitate for anyone . a couple argue on the sidewalk . Sam walk right between they . SAM it 's time . it 's time . Sam keep move , he cross the street without stop . traffic screech to a halt ! Cars honk , a taxi driver yell . SAM ( cont 'd ) it 's time , it 's time for you to go . int . hallway - later Sam plow down the hall and come to room 324 . SAM Rebecca ! Sam push the door OPEN . and we realize we be enter : a hospital labor delivery room at LA county hospital . rebecca be in the middle of a major contraction . her face be the opposite of Sam 's . harden . she let out a scream that stop Sam dead in he track . gertie , a no -nonsense Black nurse , look up from the monitor . gertie you the one responsible for this ? Sam nod , take gertie quite literally . SAM I be sorry . gertie too late for sorry , daddy , get over here and hold she hand . Sam reach for Rebecca 's hand . she pull it away . another contraction - Rebecca scream . Sam scream . nurse you get a live one , gert . int . labor room - later dr . jamison okay , this be it ! SAM ( spin in circle ) this be it ! this be it ! dr . jamison and it 's a girl ... the baby let out she first cry . Sam watch , awestruck . gertie wrap the baby in a blanket and hold she out to Rebecca . Rebecca shake she head - not now . gertie walk over to Sam . gertie there 's someone who 's be waitin ' a awful long time to see you , Sam . she place the baby into sam' arm . suddenly Sam 's whole body relaxes and become very still . he look to Rebecca , but she have turn away . he meet gertie 's eye . then in quiet amazement : SAM this be it . gertie what 's she name ? SAM ( look at clock ) let I see let I see let I see . 12:17 , March 2nd. Lucy in the Sky with diamond . record March 2nd. 1967 . lyric by John Lennon , music by Paul McCartney . Lucy diamond Dawson . we hear like a lullaby , " picture yourself on a boat in a river with tangerine tree and marmalade sky ... " ext . hospital - next morning Sam , hold the baby , and becca , have just check out , walk down the step of the hospital hold they complimentary plastic baby bag . Sam be nervous haling the precious cargo and becca be agitate . they see the bus pull up and down the street and Sam move quickly so they can hurry and catch it . as he approach the bus , he look to becca by he side , but she be not there . he look around and no sign of she . frantically turn in a full circle , he see the fabric of she dress disappear into the crowd down the street . he scream . SAM becca ! becca ! the more he scream the faster she move away . till there 's no trace of she . Sam stand in the middle of the busy block hold Lucy to he chest , devastate . we hear , " look for the girl with the cloud in she eye , but she 's go . " smash CUT to : int . bus - night Sam hold the now sleep baby to he chest . next to he be the plastic bag from the hospital contain diaper , two can of formula and a half empty bottle of milk . Sam be surround by passengers , the eerie world of the underground at night . instinctively , Sam hold she even tighter , two against the world . int . sam' apartment - dawn a marvel of organization . a closet reveal clothes on hanger exactly equidistant from each other ; precisely fold t-shirt , underwear and sock organize by color . a carefully systemize record collection fill makeshift bookshelve . Beatles poster from every era decorate the wall . becca 's thing sit in one corner . a island of chaos in a " hold everything " showroom . the kitchen counter have be transformed into a change table . bottle and pacifier line up next to a stack of cloth diaper . underneath , a clothes line of baby clothes . the sound of a crying baby break the silence . the camera follow and find the cradle : a drawer tuck snugly into a blanket hang like a hammock between two chair . a exhaust SAM pop up from he bed , behind the hammock . he swing the hammock , hope against hope the baby will go back to sleep . SAM do not you just fall asleep , little girl ? ( Lucy cry harder ) okay , if you say it 's time to get up , then it 's time to get up , time to get up . ( Sam sniff the air ) oh my , oh my , oh my . quite a bit of business . he rush over to the kitchen counter and unsnap the baby 's pajamas , revealing a cloth diaper hold together with promotional button : one say " hertz , # 1 for car rental " , the other a picture of Magic Johnson and read " go , laker , go ! " Sam undoe it . SAM ( cont 'd ) oh my God , oh my God , oh my God . let I see let I see let I see . Sam attempt to clean and diaper she . he finally manage to pin the button so that it at least stay on . SAM ( cont 'd ) you look very beautiful this morning , very beautiful . he hold she up , and the diaper fall down around she ankle . CUT to : we pan across a row of diaper on a supermarket shelf : huggies , pampers , extra absorbent pampers , luvs ... int . walmart - day Sam stare at the " great Wall of diaper " , awed . he reach for the pamper , balance Lucy , then the luv , no , the huggies . Sam stop move , Lucy start crying , so he jog in place . Sam decide on one of each . he head to the formula aisle . gerber , carnation , carnation Iron fortify . he stop . Lucy wail . we hear the song " help , I need somebody " int . sam' apartment - 9 p.m. Sam pace , carry Lucy who scream at the top of she lung . int . sam' apartment - 11:25 p.m. Sam rock the crying baby in the hammock . he 's exhaust , but she 's just get start . he put another blanket on she . int . sam' apartment - 1:30 a.m. peace . a punch - drunk Sam lay the sleep baby into the cradle as if she be a bomb that might detonate . he tiptoe , he fist raise victoriously - " yes ! " he do not get two step before Lucy wake scream . defeat , he pick she up . help . the phone ring . he presses speaker . raspy woman ( o.s. ) what the hell be you do to that baby ?! he look out he window and see annie cassell , he neighbor on the phone , watch he through she window . she be a strange creature with very thick glass . we sense a uniquely profound intelligence behind all that armor . SAM everything 's so tiny , tiny . tiny . everything . wo not you please come over ? help . I need somebody . wo not you please please help I . annie you know I can not do that . what do she mother say ? SAM her mother ? her mother say " this be not my life . I be outta here when she come . it do not mean anything , Sam . it be just one night . the two of you . that 's all I need ... " Annie , what if she 's sick ? ext . hallway - continuous annie have she door open a crack . Annie feel the baby 's forehead . Lucy stare up at she , quiet now , fascinate . annie she 's overheate and not eat enough . how often be you feed she ? SAM a lot , gerber , carnation , gerber . annie what 's a lot ? SAM Breakfast , lunch , and dinner . Three square hot . annie Babies need food every two hour , Sam . SAM oh. I be sorry Lucy diamond . annie what time do the little diamond wake up ? SAM she never really go to sleep . annie okaaaay . well , let 's assume she 's up at six . keep you tv on nickelodeon . I want you to feed she first while " bewitch " be on . then again , when " hogan 's heroes " start . after that , well until " Father know best ... " CUT : int . sam' apartment - evening we be watch " hogan 's heroes " . we hear shult infamous response : " I know nothing , absolutely nothing ! " Sam feed a content Lucy . dissolve to : int . sam' apartment - later " Father know best " on tv . Lucy blissfully fall asleep in Sam 's arm . euphoric , he tiptoe to the cradle and place she ever so gently , when suddenly , the front door fly OPEN . Sam 's best friend descend inside : ifty , a pakistani gentleman with a gentle face and a wide smile , carry a large stuff giraffe with a bow on it . brad , who see himself as a real lady man , in tight jeans and a farrah fawcett T-shirt ; and ROBERT , highly paranoid , think the world 's out to get he . Lucy wail . Sam run to the crib . SAM what be you do here now ?! her first sound sleep , not a sound , not a sound . brad eight year every Thursday video night and you forget ?! SAM oh my god , video night . first Thursday of the month . video night at Sam 's house . I be sorry , I forget . ifty becca 's go . " go with the wind " be a very sad movie . ROBERT oh here we go ... everything change now . soon you will forget about Wednesday night denny 's and Friday night karaoke . and I get hit by a car today . SAM you do ? ROBERT it 's probably that guy from the v.a. brad what guy ? ROBERT ( close window ) I can not discuss it . and now this . ifty make origami bird out of newspaper . Lucy 's rapt . SAM she look smart , do not she ? ifty of course , look . she 's already read the newspaper . I have five smart sister in Pakistan . I be only brother . " Seven bride for Seven Brothers " be a wonderful movie I forget to bring last week for video night ... brad do you get " blade runner " for tonight ? ROBERT now it 's all my fault ?! bruce do not tell I you forget again . I break a date with a daydream to come here . there 's a knock at the door . ifty go to get it . Brad moan when he see he 65 year old mother , estelle , stand in the doorway . brad Mom ! I tell you video night 's over at nine ! it 's only six - thirty ! estelle ( unaware of the baby ) sorry . I will wait in the lobby . she exit . Lucy begin to cry . Brad take she - like a hot potato , Robert take she - now ifty run around in circle . ifty she need motion . my father drive my sister in he taxi to get they to go to sleep . two -fifty surcharge on all taxi 's from the airport ... ROBERT I get hit by a taxi on Tuesday . and it all start again and we -- CUT to : ext . bus - night a empty bus make its way through the city at night . int . bus - night bus driver Main and Temple ... again . she out yet ? the camera move along and stop on the long seat at the back . Sam lie with Lucy spoon into the crook of he arm , almost asleep . SAM almost there , almost there . one more round and she will be down for the night . we hear the song " Golden slumber " . in a series of dissolves , we see Lucy and Sam in different sleeping position on the bus seat . gradually , she grow in he protective embrace -- one month , then two . now five . she 's big and round at six month . and on and on into the night ... int . walmart photo booth - day we see Sam and Lucy crammed into the booth , wear birthday hat , take her first birthday picture . we see the photo strip as it come out of the slot . Sam 's shoulder with Lucy 's ear - Lucy 's nose with Sam 's elbow , they face never make it into the picture . int . starbucks - 8:30 a.m. the place be pack . Sam move from table to table , clean . SAM double macciatto , low foam , low -fat . good choice , very good choice . Sam turn and we see lucy attach to he in a handmade snugly , crochete by Annie . she face outward , all hand , all 16 month of she ; too big for the snugly . she grab a croissant from a customer . George look confuse . then make a swipe for a customer 's coffee , knock it to the ground . it splatter all over a anorexic , on-her -fourth double - latte woman in a designer exercise outfit . she begin shriek . George look at Sam , this can not go on . int . apartment hallway - morning Sam , Lucy by he side , have he foot in Annie 's door . SAM please , Annie ! she 's too big to take to work . annie I be not a baby -sitter . I be too busy . lucy Annie , Annie , Annie ... annie ( suspicious ) do you teach she that ? SAM it be she first word . very first word . Annie open the door , take Lucy 's hand , and pull she in . annie and people worry you be not smart . int . anniee apartment - one week later the apartment look like a fallout shelter . the kitchen contain enough can goods to last a year . brightly color crochete doily - Annie 's hobby - adorn every available surface . the brightly colored web of a agoraphobe . Lucy sit in Annie 's lap , get she first piano lesson . we see lucy tiny finger on the key . in a series of dissolves , it be join by Annie 's hand tapping out one note , now two note , and as the week pass , a chord . until finally the note merge to become the most unlikely duet of " twinkle , twinkle , Little Star " . annie this be mozart . he do twenty - two variation of " twinkle twinkle Little Star " . you smell good . you can tell a lot about a person by they smell . if they have get too much perfume on they be cover something up . you gotta watch someone who smell like soap . gotta wonder what they priority be . nervous people . people who try too hard . they smell like fish . but you . you smell like milk . milk and hope . Lucy leave the piano and toddle over to Annie 's loom and play with a ball yarn . voice ( o.s. ) Grocery , Annie . annie thanks . Annie open the door to pull in the grocery . the ball of yarn roll out the door and Lucy chase after it . Annie , terrify , bellow : annie ( cont 'd ) Lucy ! come back here ! come back ! it become obvious Annie can not walk outside . tremble : annie ( cont 'd ) " Lucy in the sky with diamond ... " hear the familiar tune , Lucy stop and toddle back . Annie sweep she up , relieved and we -- int . karaoke bar - night Sam on stage , with ifty and Brad as he back - up singer , continue the song in the oddest , most heartfelt version to Lucy who sit on Robert 's lap and in heaven . ext . park - day a beautiful blue sky . and " Lucy in the Sky with diamond " continue as Lucy 's three year old laugh face swing into frame on a swing then disappear out the other end of frame . now Lucy swing back down and out of the other end again ... Sam 's face , glow with delight , appear against the sky and then disappear . Sam and Lucy be on swing surround by mother and kide at the park . lucy ( v.o. ) daddy , where do the sky end ? SAM ( v.o. ) let I see , let I see . I have never be there but they say it 's somewhere near China . ext . park - one year later Lucy fly into frame , now four , sit on Sam 's lap , swinging . lucy ( v.o. ) be lady bug only girl or be there boy , too . and if there be , what be they call ? SAM ( v.o. ) the Beatles . ext . park - one year later then Lucy fly into frame , now five , follow by Sam . lucy ( v.o. ) do I look more like you or mommy ? on sam' face he know this moment would come . int . denny' - thursday night dinner - evening Lucy and Sam be have a serious talk over bread sole . lucy if you and mommy like each other enough to have I , how come you be not together anymore ? SAM I think she fall out of love with I . not you , never you . I , just I . lucy when you fall out of love where do you land ? SAM somewhere in Florida , I think . lucy do you think she will ever come back ? SAM ( long pause ) Paul McCartney lose he mother when he be fourteen . John lose he mother twice . first when Julie give John to she sister mimi to raise . and then again when Julia be hit by a car . they say God pick certain people , special people . that 's what they say . Lucy take this in . Sam begin to shift he tomato just so ... he potato just slightly to the leave . Lucy watch . lucy daddy , do God mean for you to be like this or be it a accident ? SAM do you mean - what do you mean ? lucy I mean you be different . SAM what do you mean ? I mean , what do you mean ? lucy you be not like the other daddy . SAM I be not be i. I be sorry . lucy do not be sorry . I be lucky . nobody else 's daddy ever come to the park . on sam' face fill with relief . burst with love . SAM we be very lucky , be not we ? Grace approach with two plate of pie , ice cream on the side . grace Ice cream on the side . lucy not on top . not on top . SAM good choice . very good choice . int . sam' apartment - thursday night video night SAM Brad , I know it be you turn . I be sure of it . brad I swear to God it be Robert 's turn . ROBERT why be it always my fault ? ifty I keep track , last time , I say to myself , I say , write it down ... Bank of America give away beautiful calendar , every month a picture of wild animal , look June , a elk. elke Sommer ... she star in the remake of " prisoner of Zenda " ... Three star Leonard maltin video movie guide . as they go on , Lucy matter - of - factly pull a video out of her backpack , and put it in the vcr . she turn it on . it 's " Kramer vs. Kramer " . everyone stop they argue and stare at Lucy . lucy Annie let I borrow it . int . children' shoe store - day a row of brand new child 's shoe on display . Lucy try on dozen of school shoe , surround by Sam and she " godfather " : ifty , Brad and Robert . SAM you need a good sturdy school shoe . arch be very important . ifty sturdy be boring . Red shoe bring good luck . brad but red do not get with green . ifty except on Christmas . brad no brown clodhopper . everyone will make fun of she . SAM no one will make fun of Lucy . ROBERT she might be stupid . ifty no she 's not -- ROBERT do they test she ? brad you do not know for sure . SAM yes I do . bruce but if she be , do not make she go to school . ROBERT do not let she in the lunch room . johnny marzettie 's there . brad and gym . get she a pass . the rule for volleyball be so hard to remember . " rotate rackman rotate . " ifty throw the ball at he forehead and the water on he brain will come out he nose . meanwhile , Lucy have be try on a simple brown shoe . lucy I like this . SAM she know what she like . she like this . how much be they ? salesman forty-nine ninety -nine . SAM one penny less than fifty . this shoe be one penny less than fifty ? lucy it 's okay , dad . I do not really like they . SAM no , no no no no . ifty we will all give ten dollar . brad I have only get three plus five . but I need one for stamp . ROBERT do not pull you wad out in front of people . they all dig in they pocket and begin count very slowly . SAM thank you , thank you . we be rich in friend . that 's what we fortune cookie say . 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , quarter that make one . salesman I will count it . SAM be it enough ? salesman ( exasperate ) if there 's a God . brad do we get a balloon with this ? salesman yes . ROBERT all of we , or just she ? smash CUT to : ext . STREET near shoe store - day that new little brown shoe walk in between four pair of man 's shoe . we move up from that shoe to see five pair of hand tightly clasp they balloon as they march victoriously down the street . we move in on Lucy 's little brown shoe skip with joy and -- dissolve to : ext . school field - day that same little shoe in the midst of a mass of black soccer cleat . we move up and see Lucy in the middle of a fierce kid soccer game . score 's tie . the ball come to Lucy . she kick and miss . from the sideline we hear : SAM beautiful kick ! very close ! Lucy look up at she dad proudly . the ball come again . nobody could miss this one . but Lucy do . SAM ( cont 'd ) thatta girl ! thatta girl ! they be get scared now ! the game continue . the goalie' father , duncan rhode , handsome , commanding and dress in a suit , call to he son : mr. rhode c'mon , conner ! on you toe ! they be all count on you ! conner tense up , alert under the pressure . meanwhile , down at the other end , the ball head toward Lucy . she kick it ! hard . right into she team 's own goal . the crowd groans . SAM hurray , Lucy ! you be get the hang of it now ! you have get they scared now ! Lucy 's burst with confidence , plow toward the ball and nail it ! the ball go fly . the parent in the stand be completely baffle ! Sam be completely ecstatic ! SAM ( cont 'd ) l-u-c-y ! that 's we battlecry ! the ball head into the goal , just pass the goalie , conner . Sam run to embrace Lucy when he hear Duncan reaming he son -- mr. rhode the whole game be right in front of you nose ! I leave work early to watch you blow the whole game !? conner slouches against the fence as he father walk away . see this , Sam whisper to Lucy . int . sam' apartment - afternoon a child 's hand double jump across a checker board . conner ( o.s. ) ha ! Lucy and conner be play checker while Sam cook dinner . two carrot cut into ten piece . bow tie pasta - 35 piece each . conner ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with you father ? why 's he act like a retard ? lucy he be . they hand graze against each other on the check board - he pull he hand away . conner be you ? lucy no . conner be you sure ? lucy yeah . conner how do you know ? lucy he tell I . conner but he 's a retard . lucy yeah well it take one to know one ! he crown she - she eye shift to Sam in the kitchen , for the first time a bit uneasily . int . sam' apartment - night Sam 's read Lucy she homework book . SAM " they perch in sisisi ... " lucy " silence . " SAM " ... silence for a long time . " Boy . you teacher choose a hard book this time . " how can we be so difdifdif ... " lucy " different . " Sam glance up at Lucy self - consciously . Lucy grab the book from Sam , toss it on the pile and pick up another . lucy ( cont 'd ) I do not like that book - let 's read " Green egg and Ham " . relieved , Sam plunge into the book , which be more memorize than read . SAM " I be Sam , Sam I be . do you like green egg and ham ? I do not like they , Sam I be ! " they both laugh , delighted . Lucy look sleepy . match dissolve : Lucy be get drowsy . Sam be just get start . SAM ( cont 'd ) " and I will eat they here and there . say I will eat they anywhere . I do so like green egg and ham , thank you thank you , Sam I be ! " one more time ! lucy daddy , I have school tomorrow ... I do not wanna be too sleepy . SAM just the part about the boat and the goat in the rain in the train ? lucy daddy , hamburger hamlet have twelve different kind of hamburger . can we go there Wednesday instead of denny 's ? SAM but Wednesday night 's denny' , Thursday 's video night , Friday night karaoke . Lucy nod , a little deflate . SAM ( cont 'd ) how about one more time , just the beginning ? " I be Sam , Sam I be ... " Lucy sigh and close she eye against she father 's chest . int . classroom - day Lucy draw a picture while everyone read aloud from " stellaluna " . miss wright Lucy , you turn . start where Sara leave off ... Lucy ? lucy I can not . miss wright sure you can . lucy " they perch in sisisisi ... " miss wright silence . lucy ( throw down book ) there . I tell you . it 's too hard . miss wright Lucy ! I know you can read this ! lucy no , I can not ! and you can not make I ! Lucy run out of the class . ext . bus stop - dusk Sam , in sunglass , wait for the bus . a young woman , lily , sit down next to he . the wind catch she floral dress that 's just leave of innocent ; just right of allure . she read a tabloid . lily look here . " premature baby claim he 's cupid - have the arrow to prove it . " do you believe that ? SAM well , if he have the arrow . lily yeah . you get a good point . she cross she leg . a tuft of pink dress fall on Sam 's knee . SAM you be a good reader . lily yeah , I have always be smart . SAM you be lucky . I be look for a smart , good mother . lily I can be a mother . a real good mother . SAM oh , good . good . lily I could even spank you . SAM oh no no no . I do not believe in that . lily okay okay . I can be very gentle . SAM Gentle . Gentle . yes . do you tell storey ? lily I get storey up the wazoo . why do not you come with I . I will tell you a nice story . SAM I have to pick up Lucy at Annie 's first . lily a menage a toi ? SAM french , french the language of France . you could teach my daughter , Lucy . lily you daughter ?! can not you pick she up after ?! SAM after ?! no no , Lucy come too . lily whatever . she take Sam 's hand , they move to get on the bus just as another hand brusquely land on theirs . cop not so fast . you be under arrest . solicitation . lily he want to bring he kid , I say no . a lightbulb flash and we -- smash CUT to : int . police headquarters - that night Sam blink as he mugshot be be take . now the profile . he turn so they can get the back of he head . now the fingerprint . now Sam , in the corner of the room , on the phone make thumbprint on the wall . while the cop discuss he case with a social worker , margaret brown . over the year she 's see it all , and to get through it have have to pretend it 's just a job . cop it 's the first time in nineteen year I actually believe the guy when he say he do not know she be a hooker -- margaret brown you say that like it 's a good thing . SAM ... you tooth do not sound like they be brush . do it with I now . cop let he go . he say he 's never spend a night away from he kid ... come with I - I get a guy who beat the shit out of he two year old . again . her cell phone beep . margaret brown yes . I be see you tomorrow , Mr. rabin . she 's still scream ? no , McDonald 's will not help ... she 's four month old . SAM thirteen up ... not on the gum line not on the gum line , 1 , 2 , 3 . Margaret watch Sam as he talk to Lucy on the phone . int . principal office - day the wall be line with child be art . various interpretation of the family . we stop at one of a very small man and a very big little girl with she arm around he . miss wright it give we a great deal of insight into what she must be feel . and in the classroom , it 's become clear she 's hold herself back . it 's as if she 's literally afraid to learn . we pull back and see Sam stare at the picture . Mrs. wright and the principal watch he . miss wright ( cont 'd ) no one doubt that you love you daughter , Mr. Dawson . but the Department of Social service contact we . they share with we that you record show that you intellectual capacity be around that of a seven year old . we concern be what happen when Lucy turn eight ? principal Mr. Dawson , do you understand what miss wright be try to tell you about Lucy ? SAM no one want the Beatles to break up . but you can hear it on the White album . they be go in different direction . int . lucy bedroom - night it 's bedtime . Sam and Lucy be read from " stellaluna " . lucy how can we be so dif..dif ... I do not know that word . SAM yes you do . it start with a " d " -- lucy I be tired . SAM I do not believe you . lucy be you call I a liar ? SAM yes . now read the word . lucy ( cry ) no ... I be stupid . SAM no you be not . lucy I do not want to read it if you can not . SAM it make I happy . I be happy hearing you read it . he hold the book open for Lucy . now Lucy , push through a mountain of resistance , read . and read beautifully . lucy " why be we different and so much alike ? " int . school halloween parade - auditorium - day two child , dress as batman , march follow by cinderella . we see Lucy dress in newspaper - a origami bird . and behind she , march more proudly than any child , be Sam , dress as paul mccartney , in the black suit era - with Beatle boot and guitar strapped to he chest . Sam be the only adult participate in the parade . Music blast over the loudspeaker . Sam begin to dance with joyous abandon . Lucy join he . they dance together happily . suddenly Lucy become aware that she classmate be beginning to laugh . she slow and watch through they eye Sam pony around the room . conner pull up he pants high on he waist and begin to imitate Sam . another kid join he . kid I be a Super freak ! conner and I think my dad be a dork . Lucy 's face harden for the first time . in a corrupt world the pure can only stay pure for so long . int . hamburger hamlet - evening Sam and Lucy sit in a booth . Lucy 's ecstatic . Sam 's try . lucy they have eleven different kind of hamburger . this be so great . SAM a new place . you choice . I say we would go to a new place . and here we be . Sam anxiously rearrange the condiment on the table . Lucy try to fold a napkin into a origami bird . lucy you know what else I want for my birthday , daddy ? I want a hundred bird . SAM the napkin be much stiffer at denny 's . they make better bird . there 's not so much stuff on the table there either . why do they have two kind of mustard on every table ? waitress coffee ? SAM no , no coffee . Sam 's system can not handle coffee . waitress okaaay ! what can I get you folk ? lucy I would like the benito bandito burger and a chocolate chip milkshake , please . SAM I will have the fish special , side of potato , salad with thousand Island dress , cherry pie , and ... waitress I be sorry , sir . we do not have a fish special . there 's fish and chip . it come with a dinner salad . SAM chip , chip ? you mean potato chip ? I do not want potato chip . I want a side of potato . waitress you want french fries ? SAM no , a side of potato , like at denny 's . a side of potato . lucy they be little red potato . waitress we do not have new potato ... SAM denny 's have new potato . six new potato parsley garnish parsley garnish ... on lucy her smile fade . smash CUT to : int . denny' - half -hour later Sam happily eat he fish special with six new potato . Lucy 's untouched dinner sit in the middle of the table . she doodle on the placement - draw a man sit with a pile of new potato in front of he ; larger than he be . SAM Fish and chip fish and chip . I will not eat fish and chip . lucy ( explode ) I will not eat they here or there ! I will not eat they anywhere ! I will not eat green egg and ham ! I will not eat they , Sam I be ! int . sam' apartment - day balloon and a banner read " happy birthday , Lucy ! " for Lucy 's birthday , Sam have rent a moon bounce - which sit in the center of the apartment and fill the entire place - leave no room for the few kid and they parent . Brad stand too close to a young attractive mother . Robert shake all the present suspiciously . SAM now when they come through the door , everybody yell " surprise ! " do you want to rehearse again ? conner no . I bet she already know . ROBERT I do not tell she . do Brad say I do ? there 's a knock at the door . SAM be that Lucy ? Annie 's suppose to call and warn we . shhhh , everyone . Brad hit the light . Sam open the door and everyone yell " surprise ! " but instead of Lucy , it 's the Social Worker . margaret brown I do not know if you remember I . I be Margaret Brown from Children 's Social service . we meet at the police station . SAM put you present over there - hurry up ! Lucy might be on she way . ( the phone ring ) hello ? Annie say she 's come up the stair . everyone be quiet . assume surprise position ! ( conner keep talk ) be quiet ! assume surprise position ! conner oh brother ! SAM why be you such a party pooper ?! assume surprise position ! conner make I ! Sam put a hand over conner 's mouth ; conner struggle against he . mr. rhode hey ! SAM he 's gonna ruin the surprise ! he 's gonna ruin the surprise ! conner he touch I ! I have get cooty ! I have get cooty ! mr. rhode get you hand off my boy ! conner 's father hurl Sam across the room - Sam get tangle in the moon bounce ! to get attention , conner burst into tear . we hear footstep outside the door - Brad hit the light . we hear a crash ! and in the light , the door shed as it open , Lucy and ifty see - that moonbounce , sway . then from within the moonbounce : SAM surprise ! happy birthday ! Lucy stand freeze , hold a red balloon . lucy daddy ?! conner you do not have to call he " daddy " . ( in Sam 's face ) she say you be not she real father , anyway . she 's adopt ! humiliate , Lucy run away ! the Social Worker watch , profoundly concerned , and reach for she cellular phone . ext . walmart - day a police car pull into the parking lot . Sam and Margaret in the back . Sam and Margaret see Lucy 's little foot dangle from beneath the curtain of the photo booth . SAM I will go get she . margaret brown it would be better if you stay here . I be sorry to say this , Mr. Dawson , it 's clear how much you love you daughter , but we be go to have to remove Lucy from you home . Sam 's baffle . one cop place he hand on Sam 's shoulder , restrain he . the other head toward the photo booth . SAM no , no no no . it 's she birthday ! it 's she birthday ! margaret brown I know how hard this must be ... ( cell phone ring ) ... hello , betsy . I be schedule to come to you apartment at four . no , not five every two hour . it 's two every five hour . she only weigh thirty pound for chrissake ... ( back to Sam ) the city have give I the difficult task of decide when to intervene on behalf of the child . unfortunately , I have learn the hard way that it 's better too soon than too late . for now the court will decide what 's in Lucy 's best interest . Sam watch the cop 's leg meet Lucy 's under the curtain . suddenly , Sam scream from the deep core of he be . SAM run , Lucy , run ! we see lucy feet kick the cop' legs and wrestle out of he grasp . she fly out the booth , hold that balloon . she run down the street , the balloon soar into the sky - a cop follow . Sam struggle . on SAM reeling , devastate , we hear a judge speak : judge ( o.s. ) give the fact that the father be arrest for solicitation , do not cooperate with the police ... int . courtroom - day Sam sit alone . at another table , Margaret Brown and a lawyer , along with several people from the cps . judge ... could not control he emotion , endangering other child . miss Brown also cite Mr. Dawson 's mental deficiency which raise serious question about he ability to properly parent . I agree to grant petition . the child shall be remove from the home until a forma jurisdictional hearing . Mr. Dawson , be there anything you would like to add ? SAM yes . I just want it to be a nice surprise party . I have get the plate at pic-n - save . pink and yellow , pink and yellow . like a princess . and the balloon at -- judge ( gently ) Mr. Dawson , it sound like a lovely party , but right now I want to talk to you about you legal rights . I would strongly suggest you get yourself legal counsel and allow you attorney to present you case at the jurisdictional hearing on February 13th . counsel , be you available ? counsel Ted , I have a trial that day . judge February 20th . 8:00 a.m. SAM ( panic ) twenty - two day ? Lucy will come home and you want I to bring Lucy back in twenty - two day ? judge no , Mr. Dawson . you will have supervise visit twice a week for two hour . now I be sorry , we have thirty more case to see today . next ! hopkins vs. clifford . int . sam' apartment - day Sam 's on the phone , a teddy bear in he hand . Robert , ifty , and Brad all sit with yellow page open in front of they . SAM Thursday ? today be Monday , Mrs. Brown . that 's three day away . that 's too long . she can not sleep without Mr. jeeter . well if you be not available until Thursday , maybe I could see she without you there ... maybe the judge make a mistake - maybe he do not know that for seven year I play with she without you there ... no Mrs. Brown , I be not try to violate the court ... ( the other line hang up ) Mrs. Brown ? ROBERT I bet they be recording the whole conversation . check you phone . you can not make a move . you need a lawyer . brad call Jerry Spence . he have he own show . he must know what he 's do . ROBERT no. johnny cochran . he have he own show , too . brad yeah ! he can even get a guilty person off . SAM so you think I be guilty ? ifty no . you do not kill anybody . SAM but she say I be not she father . ifty she do not say that . that runty kid with the blue shirt and the mean father whose voice sound like the man on the Channel four News who have a toupee . toupee be expensive . SAM but ifty . she say it . ifty but she do not mean it . I say I hate my mother once . " once upon a time ... " be how storey begin . ROBERT you should get a personal injury lawyer . you have be personally injure . brad here - look at this - " sebastion Gibson . " he can do anything . pedestrian . back and neck . uninsure motorist . Dog attack . SAM the Social Worker say it 's a custody case . ROBERT then get a divorce lawyer . ifty when Dustin hoffman be try to keep billy from go back to meryl streep , he lawyer say it be go to cost he fifteen thousand dollar - and that 's if we win ! SAM Fifteen thousand dollar ! brad do not worry about money now . get the best . century City - here : " rubel bly Harrison and Williams " . int . rita harrison's century CITY office - day a century City lawyer spin in front of we eye . it 's sam' Pov as he sit in a chair that spin - in the center of rita harrison be lavish , penthouse office . now we see the panoramic of Los Angeles . now the dot in the Lichtenstein on the wall whirl past US . now the door swing OPEN and -- rita harrison and she assistant burst in . rita move in opposite circle around the room . look for something . in fact , as we watch rita , we realize that she never stop move . period . ten step ahead of anyone , too much energy , too much caffeine , not enough food . if she slowed down a beat she might get vulnerable . can not have that . can not be wrong . can not really look you in the eye . can not help it if she 's smarter than anyone else in the room . any room . any time . rita do Fred kimble call ? I be already twenty minute late . patricia he -- rita what would Michelle kresge say ? patricia she -- rita she be not defensive , be she ? patricia well -- rita that 's ridiculous . what happen with my car ? patricia they -- rita because it be not my fault . patricia I -- rita thank you , Patricia . patricia this be Mr. Dawson . there be some confusion with the temp last week and -- rita Mr. Dawson , it 's a pleasure . since somebody make a mistake , unfortunately we only have a little time . hold all my call unless it 's my kid - I will have a double cap . SAM good choice , very good choice . rita can we get you anything to drink ? SAM be it free ? on rita hmmmm ? ten minute later -- Sam be in the middle of the beginning of he story . rita on she second cappuccino , eye she computer screen for call . SAM ( cont 'd ) ... Lucy have a ice-cream cake with pink flower - pink , not white not white ... Lucy 's favorite be cherry vanilla which be pink , too . cherries and vanilla . rita uh huh uh huh -- uh huh uh ( into amtel ) if that 's Jake Hiller , put he through . ( pick up phone ) Jake . no no no no no no . patricia ( from speaker ) you son 's on line two . rita Jake , do you get that ?! ( to Patricia ) tell he to hold for just one second . Jake I have to go ... he what ? patricia ( through speaker ) deborah chapman on line three -- rita hold on Jake . ( she punch another line ) no no no no no no no . have a nice weekend . ( punch another button ) Jake ?! we hear music come from the other end of the phone -- SAM burt bacharach share billing with the Beatles and Jose jiminez on the Ed Sullivan show June 5th , 1968 . rita really ? ( then ) Jake , what would you say you tell he yes I be . ( yell ; be : coffee ) this taste like low , be you sure it 's non ? okay okay okay . I think there 's be a little mistake here -- SAM yes . a little one . you son 's on line two . rita oh my god. ( push another line ) Danny ? ( Danny 's hang up ) Patricia ? get Danny back . well keep try . she unconsciously dig through the bowl of jelly bean on she desk sorting out all the yellow one . rita ( cont 'd ) Mr. Dawson , what I be try to say be I be a divorce lawyer and as much as I would like to , I do not handle case like yours -- SAM since you would like to , why do not you talk to you boss . maybe he would let you . she pour the bowl of jelly bean onto she desk , now frantically sorting through they . rita ( into phone ) then keep dial -- ( to Sam ) what I mean be that at this point in my career , I can not afford to . SAM I earn eight dollar a hour at Starbucks . I can pay you hourly rate , rate by the hour , hourly -- rita stand up , ushere he to the door . rita Mr. Dawson , I be sorry , I have to be in court in eight minute with the kresge . you understand , good luck to you and do not give up . she turn , ahhhh ! he 's go ! she begin search the room . rita ( cont 'd ) Patricia ?! where be my key ? where the hell be my key ?! alright alright . ( replaying ) I walk into the room - I go over here - I look at my desk - I put my coat down - Patricia ?! where 's my coat ? SAM ( o.s. ) be there a child involved in Mr. kresge ' case ? stun , rita look up and see Sam hold up a strip of photo take at the birthday booth . rita no . SAM this be Lucy . one year old . first word , " apple " . December third . 3:16 p.m . December third . out of he pocket he pull another photo strip . SAM ( cont 'd ) here 's Lucy two year old . first merry go-round ride . June 6th. 4:13 p.m. June 6th . here 's Lucy . Seven year old . the day the police take she away . rita look at the photo strip of Lucy 's birthday . in the first three we see Lucy 's sad face . the fourth have a cop 's face smashed into the frame with she . SAM ( cont 'd ) thank you for tell I not to give up . I will not give up . patricia ( through the phone ) Danny on line 2 . rita lunge for the phone . rita Danny ? hi. could we possibly talk about this when I get home . Danny ? Danny ? c'mon . you be not gonna talk to I ? I buy you a bag of you favorite lemonade jelly bean . Danny ? ( rita start sing ) " one little bird in one little tree , we be all alone and we do not want to be ... so they fly far away over the tree ... " I say " over the sea ... " I know the word , I say " over the sea ... " since when do not you like that song ? Danny ? she check she watch , put he on the speaker phone , and frantically search the room for she key . rita ( cont 'd ) Danny ? silence . we hear six loud thud - the sound of a basketball bounce against the floor . rita ( cont 'd ) Danny ? click ! the line goe dead . rita trip over the coffee table , completely lose it . rita ( cont 'd ) I hate this stupid coffee table - how many time have I ask you to get rid of this crappy coffee table ? she kick it , send the lemonade jelly bean flying . then , after a beat . SAM ( from the doorway ) you do say " over the tree " instead of " over the sea . " it 's hard to remember all the word to all the song . there 's so many . ( rita almost stop ) you have a child rita rubel bly Harrison Williams . if they take he away would not you hire the fastest talk four - name lawyer you could ? rita yes , I would . I go to college with a friend who do this kind of case . leave you number . I will see if she can help you . patricia ( through you phone ) you therapist on line 1 . rita tell he you can not find I . int . starbucks - day Sam be face to face with George . SAM I be ready . GEORGE let 's not add more stress to you life . SAM I be ready . I be ready to make coffee . lo- fat decaf latte . coffee up to here . add steam milk up to here . no foam , no foam . cinnamon or chocolate sprinkle . GEORGE that 's pretty good Sam . I will think about it . SAM I know what that mean . I stock shelf at lucky supermarket . I want to bag grocery , miss losey say " I will think about it . " Randy brenner get the job . I be the janitor at the La reina theater , I want to take ticket . Mr. Jenkins say he would think about it . Larry Peters get the job . let he friend in for free ... GEORGE I promise you , Sam . I will honestly think about it . you have my word . SAM word , word , word . I need more than that . I need to pay my lawyer . I need to make coffee . int . rubel bly harrison and william - 8:15 p.m. a group of rita 's colleague be celebrate a big win . rita be back out of the room with she glass of champagne . rita I be celebrate congratulation to we this be the moment good night . she stop , stunne , as she see Sam , sit in the lobby hold out a Starbucks cappuccino . SAM non - fat vente cap . I be sorry to bother you , but do you call you friend ? ( rita 's confuse ) you friend from college , you friend who do this kind of work ? rita ( there never be a friend ) I do not have she number anymore , Sam . we lose touch . SAM ( devastate ) oh , that happen . that happen . people lose touch . will you call I if you find it ? if you get back in touch ? rita yes , I be just in the middle .. it 's a special .. I will call you . to avoid any further interaction , she head back to the employee party she previously escape from . Sam walk down the hall . colleague be that the new janitor ? rita no , it 's a case . sort of a pro-bono thing . her assistant Patricia clear she throat . rita ( cont 'd ) what 's that suppose to mean ? patricia nothing . a cracker go down the wrong pipe . muffled laughter from she colleague . rita you think I do not pro-bono ?.. I can do pro-bono .. I can do goddamn pro-bono .. where the hell be my key .. hold the door ! rita run to the open elevator and come face to face with Sam who 's be hold the door open for she . int . elevator - continuous the door close . rita be trap with Sam . she stare forward try to will he not there . rita gulp she champagne . SAM 32nd floor . 32 floor more . 31st floor . 31 floor more ... and on and on and on . rita be about to spontaneously combust . finally , " G " - rita bolt out the elevator door , then just as suddenly turn around . rita alright , alright I will take you . alright , goddammitt , I will take you . SAM oh my God oh my God ! rubel bly Harrison and Williams ! Sam , shaking with relief , pull out he wallet just as the elevator door start close . rita no , no no . pro-bono. alright ? pro bono . the door close . we hear from within , as Sam go up again : SAM ( o.s. ) yes ! alright ! I like sonny bono too ! int . bus - morning Sam stare out the window at a unfamiliar neighborhood . on he lap , the pink box , now rip , allow we to see Lucy 's birthday cake . it 's lopsided from have be thaw and refrozen . ext . bus stop - noon Sam wait for he transfer . he set the cake down on the bench and take out a piece of paper with direction write on it . the number 43 bus pull sup and Sam consult he paper once more before jump on , forget the cake . the bus go half a block before it screech to a halt . Sam jump off and run back for the cake , but the bus continue on its way . moment later , the number 34 bus pull up . fluster and worried about be late , Sam jump on . he feel something cold on he hand , look down , the box be start to leak ice cream . int . social worker office - day Lucy , Margaret , a therapist and a child psychologist wait for Sam . margaret brown Lucy , I be sorry . but it do not look like he 's go to make it . lucy ( stare forward ) he will be here . you smell like soap . margaret brown Lucy , he 's a hour and 45 minute late . you will only have a few minute leave . suddenly through the door come Sam carrying the melted , dripping birthday cake . Lucy run to he . lucy daddy ! I tell you I tell you ! CUT to : int . the social worker' SMALL grey office - moment later Margaret , the therapist ( Ms. geller ) , and the child pscyhologist all write voraciously into note pad as they observe Sam and Lucy who sit in the center of the room , nervous under they scrutiny . SAM ... and she 's a century City lawyer - a very famous lawyer . guess what she name be ? rita Harrison . lucy ( jaw drop ) Lovely rita meter maid . SAM Harrison . just like George . they move to hug each other . everyone reach for they pen . Sam pull back self - consciously . everyone write even harder . SAM ( cont 'd ) you have grow . lucy have I ? SAM you ear be larger . and you eye be older . he 's right . her eye be older . he hug she - all the pens go up . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be gonna get a phone machine . next paycheck . if I be not home , you can leave a message . " hi , this be Lucy . " lucy you can not afford a phone machine . the write start again . SAM yes we can . I be in line for a promotion . Big promotion . a promotion that 's big . lucy they be gonna let you make coffee ?! SAM set you dream high , Lucy . Lucy look at she father lovingly . lucy I be sorry , daddy . it be all my fault . SAM no , Lucy . do not say that . lucy I would not want any daddy but you . she look around to see if anybody 's write . nobody be . she suddenly scream at they : lucy ( cont 'd ) I say I be sorry ! I say I do not want any daddy but he ! why do not you write that down ?! int . rita's office - day we hear sobbing and see rita sit across from a very rich , very angry couple . rita 's foot be twitching furiously . rita ... be you tell I that neither of you want custody of you child ? woman he 's create a monster . he 's exactly like he . he ...he ... the woman be distract by a loud thumping on rita 's glass wall - it 's SAM . holding a envelope . very distress , as the Secretary attempt to corral he back into the lobby . rita I be right here with you , excuse I . ( she unlock door ) Sam ? do not I tell you that you have to call ? SAM I - rita you know how to make a appointment . SAM it 's - rita that 's ridiculous you can always get Patricia . SAM they - rita good . I will see you next week . SAM but it 's a emergency - lot of three syllable word urgent open at once . he hand the letter to rita . rita look through the glass wall at she client who be get impatient . rita they want to have you and Lucy evaluate by a shrink . the appointment be today at three . today . now. today ! SAM I know and I want you to object . rita Sam I can not object . it 's court order . Sam notice that the woman in rita 's office be cry . he walk in and hand she a handkerchief from he pocket . SAM here . do not be sad . she look at he as if he 's from Mars . rita , now outside she office , watch Sam now inside the office . rita Patricia , I be in the middle - get he out of there - she quickly get up but rita 's too impatient and push past she into the office . rita ( cont 'd ) Sam . Sam come with I . ( to the couple ) we be gonna get through this excuse we ... ( to Sam ) Sam this be they turn now . not yours . theirs . if you leave now you will never make it and you have to make it . SAM okay okay I know I take the # 34 bus and transfer to the # 13... than the downtown Express to wilshire then - rita look at the couple leave she office . int . rita's porsche - day redefining road rage , rita 's slamm the horn . Sam next to she . rita go! go! go ! for chrissake ! Green mean go ! SAM Red mean stop yellow in the middle mean no no no ... I do not like shrink . I have see too many shrink . rita yeah . you and I both . right or leave which will it be you idiot !? SAM you mother send you to shrink , too ? rita no . well , sort of . I talk about she the whole time I be there . SAM that 's nice . do you notice that everyone else be drive slower . I notice that do you ? rita ( on the horn ) go for chrissake ! how about you mother ? maybe she can help you - SAM she 's go . she 's at the Park Lane mortuary . two from the leave . under the big tree . rita oh. I be sorry . the light be green ! would you move move move !? she cut around the car in front of she ; flip he off , and in a split second that she head be turn , almost smashes into the car in front of she ! she slam on the brake . SAM too many shrink ... I be sorry Mrs. Dawson , if I be you I would not waste any more time . I be sorry Mrs. Dawson it must be a tremendous disappointment . I be sorry Mrs. Dawson I think you would both be happier if Sam be in a home . rita look over at Sam , force to stop . int . psychologist office - day Sam sit across from a shrink , ms. geller , nervously straighten she desk . psychologist Mr. Dawson , you do understand , that since I be a court appoint psychologist , the traditional client therapist confidentiality will be waive . ( Sam look confuse ) Mr. Dawson , do you understand that the confidentiality will be waive ? Sam nod nervously and wave . with that she begin . int . sam' apartment - night Sam , ifty , Brad and Robert hover over a use answer machine . ifty pour over the instruction . ifty before you read you message press the red button for record , when you finish , press the yellow button . if you press the green button , it will play it back you . let 's start with the " ogm " . SAM okay , okay . I be ready . hello , I be Sam . ifty no , no . I do not press the red button . SAM oh , yes . false start , false start . ifty it 's not work . that 's what you get for buy a use machine . use mean break . you be ask for other people 's problem , you have enough of you own , not that everyone do not have problem . brad it 's not use . it 's pre-owned . guy buy it for he auto shop and then he get a secretary . ifty test , one two three . SAM that 's a good code . I will remember that . one , two , three . ifty ( press button ) Quick , you be recording . SAM I be hi . I be Sam . I be not home . ROBERT no , you do not want to say that . you do not want they to know you be not home . SAM but then I be lie . ROBERT everybody 's lie . SAM I be not a liar . it will send a mix message to Lucy . ifty ( press the button ) you be on the air ! SAM let I see , let I see , let I see . hi , how be you ? beep ! the tape run out . ifty that be pretty good . that be natural . SAM do I sound like a good father ? ifty it 's the outgo message . you need to sound more outgo . let 's start again . int . group home - night Mrs. Kerry unlock the phone and dial . she hand the phone to Lucy who wait eagerly in she pj' . Sam 's answer machine click on ; as if on slow speed . answering machine hi , it 's Len 's Auto body shop . we would love to show you we body work , but it 's invisible . leave it at the beep . lucy try again . you must have dial the wrong number . int . rita's office - day rita and Sam walk through the lobby at rita 's Olympic pace . she pass the elevator and head for the stair . rita look , we have get a lot to go over and I have get five minute . SAM ( point to elevator ) rubel bly Harrison and Williams thirty second floor , thirty - two floor up . rita head up the stair . we hear a beep . then another . rita check she heart rate watch . start walk up the stair . rita one-twenty . gotta get to one - twenty five to make it count . okay okay okay . I be gonna need that list of people who can testify that you be a good father despite you handicap . I do not mean you handicap I mean you disability - I mean the fact that you be retarded . that 's not the right word . I mean ... what do I call you ? SAM Sam . I be Sam . rita look at Sam as she bound up the fourth floor . rita yes you be . ( he hand she a list - she cell phone ring ) hello Ted how you do / whattaya mean what 's that suppose to mean ? ( she heart beep rate go up ) put Danny on ... you be suppose to be take he to karate . no it be not my day it 's you day . I take you day last Wednesday - be you eat no I will not hold . go pick he up ! what ? I can not hear you I be in the car - they put you through to I here ... I be lose you -- ( click off phone ) I get pay for this memory - I know I take he last . a look of horror fall across she face . she do a 180 and start running down the stair read the list . rita ( cont 'd ) we be make progress . Three character witness . that 's a good start . what do ifty bhutto do ? SAM he work in a bank . rita ( trip down the stair ) excellent . int . rita's office - the very next day ifty sit across from rita who attempt to take note . ifty Sam be a very concerned father . he always save he money at Bank of America . last year there be a lion on the calendar . this year a gazelle . the gazelle be national bird of tunisia . we have client , not customer . at Bank of America . Bank on we . he look up at she , lose . so be she . ifty ( cont 'd ) what be the question again , please ? CUT to : int . rita's office - day on brad who sit across from rita . she tape record he . brad he always make a point of feed she breakfast when " bewitch " be on and lunch when " Jeopardy " be on so she would be smart . be that wonderbra you be wear ? because you look wonderful . CUT to : int . rita's office - day Robert sit across from rita , who record he . rita how long have you and Sam - ROBERT why be you recording this ? who 's listen ? rita it 's often necessary - ROBERT who be you really ? rita I be - ROBERT what 's that suppose to mean ? rita let 's - ROBERT I need to talk to my lawyer . CUT to : int . rita's office - later rita maniacally pick the frosting off a donut . rita Patricia , get Mr. Dawson on the line . over she intercom , we hear sam' answering machine . answering machine ( o.s. ) hi , it 's Len 's Auto body shop - rita I need this like a - call he at Starbucks - no I do not know which Starbucks . there 's forty two between here and the end of the block . ext . street - day rita stand next to she porsche . there be Starbucks in every direction she look . int . starbucks - day Sam be straighten sweet and low . rita barrel in . rita look I do not think you understand what you be up against we have to be in court in three day and we do not have a decent witness . now you have gotta know someone who can testify who 's be to college - or have a degree of some kind - or some sort of way of express themselves that 's gonna make the court believe that you deserve to get you daughter back I need a coffee . big. tall . SAM tall 's the smallest . rita of course . of course , whatever . okay okay okay . damn ! I forget to call back no I do and once you think of this person and there have to be one person - I want you to call I at work - because I be go back there now to my seven other case -- ( she cellphone ring ) what ? Mrs. robeck ? I be on my way , the traffic 's horrible on the 405 . dorothy , we put in five month let not let a three car pile up .. I know it 's be enormously stressful .. you esczema ? oh , honey , nobody notice .. ah ! they open a lane ! SAM ( too loudly ) do you want it here or to go ? rita ( dial tone ) dorothy ? dorothy ? no no no I do not stare at the eczema for five month for - she take out she car beeper , click it towards the window and realize that they be towing she car ! rita ( cont 'd ) sonuvabitch ! int . anniee apartment - evening Annie be at the piano , lose in a Beethoven concerto . SAM Annie , it 's one day . one hour . maybe only 53 minute . Lucy need you . ( Annie keep play ) you go to college . you can give the right answer . Annie play even harder . frustrate , he pound the piano . SAM ( cont 'd ) we can not lose she . annie I can not . I would make it worse for you . I can not do it . do not you think I would if I could ? CUT to : int . courtroom - day we hear a voice : voice ( o.s. ) all rise for the honorable judge Phillip mcneily . Sam stand along with other in the courtroom . the judge enter and sit . everyone else sit now , too . except Sam . who continue to stand until rita pull he down . now we see : ifty , Robert , Brad - and Brad 's mother , who sit several seat behind Brad knitting . Robert hold up a handmade sign from the back of the courtroom " free Lucy Dawson " . int . courtroom - one hour later Turner , the prosecute attorney , examine he first witness . he 's dishevel , but do not let the rumple suit fool you . this man be razor-sharp . the therapist who evaluate Sam be on the stand . Sam anxiously rearrange all the pen on the desk he sit at with rita . project on a screen be a slide of the draw Lucy make in school . therapist ... there be a unhealthy reversal of role here . as you can see from she drawing , she have a exaggerated sense of responsibility . Lucy feel she have to take care of she father . although at she birthday party she true feeling about she father be reveal . rita objection . " true feeling reveal " ?! turner the state be pay miss geller for she opinion - rita then every child who rage because they do not get to stay up for that extra hour of tv - turner objection you honor - Sam tug at rita 's sleeve . she ignore it . rita ... in fact any child who say they hate they parent because they do not want to take a bath would be a prime candidate for Foster Care . turner objection . SAM I think they want you to stop . rita really ?! thank you , Sam . judge mcneily we all appreciate you assistance Mr. Dawson - continue with you witness , Mr. Turner . turner now Ms. geller , I assume in you therapy session , Mr. Dawson extoll he parent ability . therapist on the contrary , Mr. Dawson admit he feel profoundly inadequate - that he be terrify he would make and would continue to make - and I quote : " huge mistake , huge mistake , mistake that be huge . " turner no further question . rita start to scribble note furiously . so do Sam . Turner smugly sit down . rita confidently stride toward the witness . rita you be a mother , be not you Ms. geller ? therapist yes . rita would it be fair to say that as a parent , you have feel confuse from time to time , possibly overwhelm on occasion , even though you be a wonderful mother ? turner objection . it 's Mr. Dawson 's parent . not Ms. geller 's that 's at question here . rita but if Ms. geller have never have a moment where she feel confuse as a mother it would bias she opinion . and it be she expert opinion we be all after , be not it , Mr. Turner ? judge mcneily overrule . I will allow it . rita thank you , you honor . Ms. geller , I know there have be many moment as a parent where I have feel I have make huge mistake - mistake that be huge . and I have have to admit they to myself . my husband . but most importantly , to my therapist . which be the guise Mr. Dawson think he be see you under , be not that right , Ms. geller ? turner objection . judge mcneily get to the point , Ms. Harrison . rita the point be you have never have that moment , have you Ms. geller ? moment that every parent I have ever speak to have - moment when you have feel the task be so unbelievably challenging that you feel retarded , disabled in some way . moment when you feel everyone have the key but you . but you have never have that moment , have you Ms. geller ? therapist I - rita yes or no ? therapist I - rita let I rephrase the question . when you son od 'ed - turner objection ! rita but if Ms. geller do not feel she have make mistake - mistake that be huge it might bias she opinion toward Mr. Dawson . judge mcneily I will - rita thank you . so Ms. geller - yes or no - when you son od 'ed , do you feel you might have make mistake , mistake that be huge ? therapist ( tearfully ) yes . int . courtroom cafeteria - day Sam and rita go down the cafeteria line . SAM you make she cry . rita you get lucky . SAM that 's not nice . not very nice . rita only in there . SAM you secretary too . yellow and green in one bowl . ( Sam stare at a bowl of lima bean and corn ) you separate the lima bean from the corn please ? the cafeteria worker stare at he . yeah . sure he will . rita Sam , do not be impossible . ( then to Worker ) can I have the spinach omelet - only egg white no fat no oil no butter and extra mushroom . cafeteria worker absolutely . Sam be anxiously separate he lima bean and corn into separate pile . they arrive at the cashier . rita pull out she billfold . Sam reach for he wallet . SAM my treat . my treat . rita do not be ridiculous . I will get it . SAM I say it 's my treat . that mean I will get it . rita Sam , do you really want to get it or be you just try to -- SAM try to what ? rita you know , try to act like a - SAM like a what ? rita like a...a ... SAM a real man ? rita I do not say that . SAM you be my lawyer and you think what they think . I do not have a chance . no chance at all . even with a expert witness . rita look at he . he 's right . she choose she word carefully . rita I think ... you deserve ... a fair trial . SAM answer the question . rita okay okay okay . what be the question again ? SAM do you think what they think ? Sam can not order food . Sam can not pay a check . Sam can not take care of Lucy ? rita it do not matter what I think - it matter that we win . SAM you be my lawyer it matter what you think . rita hey , it do not matter to they what I think . SAM me. it matter to I . he reach for the receipt , and face the cashier defiantly . SAM ( cont 'd ) fourteen thirty three . that 's 5 one , 2 quarter and 16 cent less than twenty . he slowly count he money , take he tray and walk away . rita watch he , with a trace of remorse and a hint of admiration . int . courtroom - day dr . donovan , a attractive soft -spoken woman be on the stand . rita be work the room . Sam , have a hard time concentrate , be follow a crack up the wall and onto the ceiling . rita Dr. donovan , the american Medical Journal name you one of the country 's lead oncologist . be not that correct ? dr . donovan yes . rita what keep you go the twelve year you be in medical school ? dr . donovan caffeine . sugar . and my mother 's confidence in I . rita I wish I have a mother like that . she must have be smart . dr . donovan she have great instinct . rita do you have any idea what she iq be ? dr . donovan in the lower range . about eighty . rita so you mother , this woman with the iq of a nine - year old have the wisdom to recognize that you would be a great doctor . I guess she disability do not seem to hold you back in life . dr . donovan no . my mother 's condition teach I what they can not teach you ; compassion and patience . rita trait most doctor have in spade . thank you , no further question . Sam run to hug Dr. donovan , bump into rita who sit he down . turner how would you get through medical school ? where would you live ? dr . donovan we live with my mother 's parent . turner oh , grandma and grandpa . would it be fair to say you grandparent be of normal intelligence ? dr . donovan yes . turner and do not this people - you grandparent - with normal intelligence - have the real responsibility ? rita ( relishing this ) objection ! I hear Mr. Turner 's mother in - law life with he ! she must help out . do that mean he do not have the real - turner motion to strike that from the record . irrelevant , immaterial and immature - rita irrelevant ?! any parent have a right to a support system . turner I be not talk about the rights of the parent , I be talk about the rights of a child . ( the gavel bang ) I be talk about entrust a eight year old 's welfare in the hand of someone whose record show he be diagnose with infantile autism , mental retardation ... rita objection ! motion to strike that from the record . it 's clear that one 's intellectual capacity have no bear on they ability to love . you honor , would you please instruct council to proceed with a modicum of sensitivity ? turner oh , I be sensitive . I be real sensitive when I see people like you -- ( the gavel bang ! ) come here and try to give meaning to you life by screwing up somebody else 's ! judge mcneily that 's enough . both lawyer approach the bench ! rita ( both approach ) and I suppose tear apart a family be truly noble work , Mr. Turner . judge mcneily that 's it . I fine you both for contempt . two -hundre fifty dollar . turner what 's that to she ? she get that for pick up the phone . rita oh , that 's what this be about . turner I will tell you what this be about . see this be a award for you at some luncheon . but I be here everyday . ( gavel pound again ) you win , you be out the door . but guess who I see come back ? the kid . most of the time , in less than a year . only now it 's too late . so you be right . I be real sensitive . you can not even touch that area . on SAM devastate . CUT to : int . institutional gray social worker office - day Margaret Brown observe Sam and Lucy . lucy but how do he prove it ? SAM Columbus have to sail around the world to prove it be round . lucy you be so smart , daddy . Sam shoot a look at Margaret . he have not hear anything nice about himself in so long . Lucy look into she father 's eye . lucy ( cont 'd ) be we win , daddy ? Sam shoot another look . he do not want to lie . Lucy catch the look between Sam and Margaret . margaret brown Excuse I , time 's up . lucy please . just a little more . margaret brown I have another client at two -thirty . you need to put you shoe on and get ready to go . lucy oh no ! there 's a knot . a really big knot . Sam attempt to undo it . Lucy and he work very slowly , cherish each moment together . margaret brown I will help you . she undoe it quickly . hand it back . lucy I need to go to the bathroom . int . bathroom - moment later Lucy 's foot dangle from under the stall . Margaret 's sturdy shoe from under another . suddenly , Lucy 's head pop out and now she quietly wriggle out from under the stall , tip toe across the room and out the door . lock it with a key . int . social worker room - continuous Lucy run up to she father . lucy daddy , she say we could go to the park . SAM what 's go on ? what make she change she mind ? lucy I start cry in the bathroom . she think we need more time . SAM that be so nice of she . very nice . int . bus - day Sam and Lucy hold hand and look out the window . Sam see echo Park approach and get up . Lucy pull he back to the seat . she look daddy in the eye and in a furtive whisper : lucy let 's not get off . let 's keep go . SAM no , Lucy . lucy please . SAM that would be wrong . lucy tamara 's mommy lose she case and tamara have not see she in six year . she 's have five different mommy and one of they hit she . SAM I will not let that happen . lucy that 's what she real mommy say . and now they will not even let she talk to she . Sam reel with confusion . Lucy bury herself in he chest . lucy ( cont 'd ) daddy , it 's the only way to be together . we will start a new life , get new name . we will live in a new apartment . they will never find we . the bus have stop . passenger for the park have exite . Sam do not move . as the busdriver close the door and head on , he hold Lucy protectively to he chest . SAM I love you Lucy . I love you . lucy my name be not Lucy anymore , it 's Michelle . int . bus - night Lucy sleep cuddle close to Sam , who be wide awake , as he gaze out at the pass highway , far from home . we hear the song " Michelle " . ext . park - 4 a.m. Sam , totally disorient , walk in circle around the plastic tunnel and jungle gym . a flashlight shine in Sam 's face . cop hey , buddy . no loitering . move it . SAM not yet not yet not yet . cop you want I to get a black and white down here ? he move toward Sam . suddenly the sprinkler system go on . the cop back off , but Sam do not move , stand in the middle of the park and get totally wet . SAM not yet not yet not yet . he shine the flashlight in Sam 's face and we see inside the plastic tunnel where lucy sleep peacefully on a bed of coat , hold a discard stuff animal . cop Jesus Christ . SAM she have not be sleep well . she need a good night 's rest . let she sleep , let she sleep . ( the cop move toward Sam ) no ! cop what be you , crazy ? all the cop see be a lunatic walk in protective circle in the downpour of the sprinkler with a kid in a plastic tunnel . smash CUT to : int . police station - dawn Police door swing open as rita , coat over pj 's , a sleepy danny by she side , storm inside . Lucy lie on a bench with she head in Sam 's lap . rita what be you think what be you possibly think ?! SAM I - rita that 's ridiculous ! Danny stay with I - ( he move away ) what could you possibly gain by kidnap you kid in the middle of a custody hearing ?! SAM she - rita I do not wanna hear it ! can you possibly explain this to I ?! SAM but Lucy say - rita who 's the parent here ? who 's the goddamn parent here ? Danny ! stay in the hallway - Danny turn the corner just as Margaret Brown rush in . rita turn to she - she expression change on a dime . rita ( cont 'd ) miss Brown , I can imagine what you be think . margaret brown I be - rita but I ask you what parent in they right mind see they child in pain -- margaret brown I have see - rita they yearn for contact - would not take they in a attempt to comfort they ? where the hell be Danny ? margaret brown you - rita he - margaret brown there 's - rita oh yes there be ! and if I be you I would look at my conscience you do have one do not you long and hard before I try to use this in court . margaret brown be that a threat ? rita no . it 's a plea . give be a break . give be one goddman break . Margaret 's cell phone ring . margaret brown what ?! no , Mrs. sloan . his temperature could not be 117 , no not even 107 . okay , okay , I will come ... come on Lucy , I will take you back . rita c'mon , Danny . we be go home . Danny !? Danny !?!? the FIRE alarm goe off and -- rita ( cont 'd ) goddamn it , Danny ! rita avoid Margaret 's look . Margaret 's cell phone go off again . she do not answer . now rita look at Margaret , but this time Margaret avoid look at she . Lucy run to rita and throw she arm around she waist . lucy please do not fire we . it be all my idea . please do not . please . please . rita be disarm . she 's move and not use to be move . int . courtroom - day bailiff ... the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? Lucy 's in she best dress , be swear in . one hand in the air . lucy so help I God ... and now camera move around her and we see that she' hiding her other hand behind her back - finger crossed . int . courtroom - later Lucy be on the stand , Turner be cross-examing she . turner I hear you turn seven this year . that 's pretty exciting . lucy everybody get older . it 's not that big a deal . turner what would you get for you birthday ? lucy I have not open my present yet . turner really ? that 's odd . why not ? Lucy look to she father and rita . lucy I open my present . I get the help album - limited edition . on rita and SAM what be she do ? turner oh , I be sorry . I be confuse . I think you do not open you birthday present because you run away from you own party when you best friend tell everyone that you be adopt . lucy I never say that ; why would I say that ? turner why would you friend say it if you have not say it ? lucy kid lie all the time . next to she skirt , we see she finger be cross so hard they be practically turn purple . turner May I remind you Lucy that you be under oath ? lucy you may . turner and do you know that mean if you lie you could be in serious trouble ? lucy I do . turner so now that you and I have agree to tell the truth , where do you sleep last night ? rita glare at Margaret . thanks a lot . lucy in my bed at the Foster home . turner all right , Lucy . if you be not go to tell the truth , I be . you dad kidnap you last night and the police find you sleep in a seedy park a hundred mile from here . you be lie right now because you be afraid . afraid that everyone will see how scared and frustrated you really be . you be afraid of hurt he , but now we need to tell the truth . the truth be deep inside you know you be not get what you need from you father . be not that right , Lucy ? a long silence . she stare at Turner defiantly . lucy " all you need be love . " int . courtroom corridor - day we hear that song as Sam and rita walk out of the courtroom . rita be break piece off a candy bar she have stuff in she purse . they see Lucy run down the corridor toward Sam , Margaret Brown behind she . lucy daddy ! I do great , do not I ? SAM no , Lucy , you lie . lucy shhh ! do not tell anyone . rita watch Sam . move by he concern as a parent . margaret brown Lucy , Mrs. Kerry 's here to take you back . lucy I think you would be proud of I . jo jo 's mom tell he to lie on the stand and say he never see a needle in the house ; and he do , and now they be back together . SAM jo jo be not we . the truth , the truth , when the judge hear the truth , he will know , he will know we should be together . lucy ( burst ) nobody 's interested in the truth , daddy . nobody care ! they lead she down the hallway toward Mrs. Kerry - Sam 's voice get louder and louder - determine to make she hear . SAM I care ! do you hear I ? the truth . the whole truth ! so help I GOD !! int . sam' apartment - night the darkness of Sam 's apartment . we see he on he knee . say he prayer by he bedside . SAM help I , God . help I , god. help I , God ... we see anniee silhouette from the window of she apartment as it move across the frame . int . courtroom - day Turner cross examine George , the manager of Starbucks . GEORGE Sam 's my most reliable employee . he 's never miss a day of work in eight year . always warm , always friendly . turner admirable quality for a single father . Mr. Walker , in this eight year , have Mr. Dawson 's responsibility , which ... let I see ... would include buss table , replenishing sweet and low , and sweeping up the place ... increase ? GEORGE no . not really . turner and be not that because he 's mentally incapable of learn management skill or work the cash register or even make a cup of coffee ? rita objection . lead the witness . judge mcneily you may answer the question . George search for a way to tell the truth . GEORGE well as a matter of fact , Sam and I have be discuss a promotion that I be plan on put into effect at the end of the week . Sam leap to he foot . SAM oh boy ! thank you , George ! rita pull he down . Turner seize the moment . turner yes . thank you , George . now , after eight year , Sam can finally measure out a teaspoon of coffee and cup of water . now , he must certainly be able to help Lucy with she geometry . rita objection - turner no further question . int . courtroom corridor - later rita prepare ifty . rita ... and when I ask another question ? ifty I answer in one sentence . rita yes . short and sweet . ifty yes . one sentence . short and sweet . my aunt be short and sweet . but she cooking be too spicy she ... rita 's twitching foot knock over she purse . out spill several snicker bar with the chocolate pick off they . embarrass , she kneel to pick they up when she and Sam see something that stop they both , awestruck . in the corner of the corridor , huddle on a bench in dark sunglass , sit annie in a professional business suit . Sam run to she . SAM Annie ! I can not believe it ! annie ( visibly tremble ) tell they to take I quickly . rita give I one minute with the judge . int . courtroom - fifteen minute later Annie , wear she dark glass , be be question by rita . rita besides be Lucy 's godmother , be not you also Lucy 's piano teacher ? annie yes . rita Lucy 's very lucky . do not you graduate magna cum laud from the julliard School of Music ? annie summa cum laud . rita ( delighted ) Excuse I . now Ms. cassell , in all the time you have know they , have you ever question Sam 's ability as a father ? annie never . rita never ? annie never . look at Lucy . she 's strong , she 's able to display true empathy for people , all kind of people . I know you all think she 's as bright as she be despite he . but it 's because of he . dissolve to : int . courtroom - later Turner stand where rita do . turner can Sam add ? annie yes . turner how about multiplication ? annie he 's learn . turner so what you be say be that Sam can not even multiply two time two ? annie I do not know about you , Mr. Turner , but my fondest memory of my parent have nothing to do with time table or state capital . turner I bet he 's knock on you door all the time with question . annie yes . all the time . the last question be whether to use biz or clorox to get the grass stain out of Lucy 's soccer uniform . on rita and SAM this be too good to be true . turner so let 's see ..he do not know math ... he can not even wash she clothes . how about puberty ? I can only imagine how much insight he will bring to approach the sensitive issue of a young girl 's development . annie Mr. Turner , show I a father , any father , who know how to do that and I will give they the parent of the Year award . turner and you have have plenty of opportunity to observe father , have not you ? rita objection ! turner but the fact that Ms. cassell have not come out of she room in year might have some effect on she perception . judge mcneily I will allow it . annie I have twenty eight year in the world to observe all kind of father . turner what about you father , Ms. cassell ? since you appear to be a expert on father - daughter relationship . a long pause . Sam watch as Annie visibly tighten . turner ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , Ms. cassell , I do not hear you response . what about you father ? Annie reach for she water glass . we see she hand shake . it knock over the glass , shatter it on the floor . SAM objection ! no further question ! turner Excuse I , Mr. Dawson ? SAM I say that 's enough ! I will not allow it ! overrule ! overrule !! rita do not stop he . the judge hesitates , incredulous , then pound the gavel as the courtroom erupt . ext . sam' apartment - dusk rita sit in she porsche with Annie and Sam . Annie be curl into a tight ball in the passenger seat . Sam be tuck into the shelf in the back . his leg kick rita in the face with every gear shift . rita thank you again , Annie . you be truly extraordinary . SAM extraordinary . truly extraordinary . Annie do not move . rita okay okay okay okay . well , Sam have he big day on the stand tomorrow and we need to work a little bit so that he 's as effective as you be . SAM effective . very effective . rita on a porsche , the , uh , the door handle be a little hide by that thingamajig , so if you be have a hard time find it I will just -- rita reach across to open Annie 's door when she scream ! annie noooooooo ! SAM Annie 's not quite ready to go outside yet . rita okay , we will just take we time . int . porsche - two hour later it 's dark now . Annie be still catatonic . rita 's on the car phone , the kind that voice activate and she 's yell . rita Home ! Home ! home goddamnit ! juanita , help Danny with he English assignment . ayude Danny un story ... story ... storio ! annie ( rise from the dead ) I be ready now . rita ( gently ) good , fine , Sam ? Annie 's ready . Sam 's fall asleep . ext . rita's lavish bel AIR home - night rita and Sam enter . int . rita's bel AIR home - night Sam be awestruck at the magnificent home . rita okay okay okay okay . we will work in the library . it 's down the hall and to the leave . they pass another room and see Danny zone out in front of the wide - screen tv watch mutant ninja turtle . rita ( cont 'd ) hey , Danny . ( no answer ) where 's you father ? danny ( stare at tv ) guess . rita I do not want to guess . where be he ? ( Sam watch rita ) I tell you I do not want to guess . danny well where be he last night ? rita work late . danny there you guess it . rita he say he be work late ? danny that 's what he say . rita well who do he say be take care of you ? danny you . but you say you be work late . rita I be work late . danny then go work . rita how be you day ? danny you have to work . go work . rita no. how be you - her cell phone go off . rita move into the hallway to answer she phone . Sam move into the de , sit on the couch , the sound of rita argue with she husband drift into the room . Sam look sideways at Danny who remain stoneface . SAM this be my favorite part . hey dommy , this one look like he 's suffer from shell shock . danny Boy I guess we can shell it out ... it be a shell of a good hit . rita stand in the doorway watch Sam have a longer conversation with she son than she 's have in month . she retreat . int . rita's den - later Danny and Sam eat popcorn watch the movie . SAM ( bellow ) " turtles in the half - shell , turtle power ! " rita ! come this be the best part . he head towards rita . int . pantry - continuous in the half - light Sam catch a glimpse of rita stand in the pantry unconsciously stuff marshmallow into she mouth . they eye lock for a moment . SAM you eat too fast . come watch the movie . rita it 's get late . we have to get to work . ( hand he a suit ) this be my husband 's . he will not notice . he 's get ten more just like it . try it on . int . rita's library - moment later Sam come out of the bathroom in the new suit . rita stare at he astonished . he look incredibly handsome . rita , attempt to stifle she reaction , turn away from Sam . SAM bad ? rita no. very , very good . but you tie 's crooked . rita stand behind Sam with she around he show he how to do he tie properly . they image be reflect in the mirror . rita ( cont 'd ) Cross over once . Loop it around on the inside of you neck . ( she hand graze he neck ) slide the other side through the loop , then tighten . rita come around to the front and straighten and tighten the tie . they be both nervous . the room be charge . rita ( cont 'd ) okay okay okay okay . we strategy be that we be aggressively pursue a support system . I be go to ask you h ow be you prepare to help Lucy in school ? SAM let I see let I see let I see . rita Sam ! I tell you you have to stop that ! it make you look stupid ! okay okay okay . try again . ( endless pause ) you say you will find she a tutor . then I say , " how will you pay for it ? " SAM could you slow down ? why do you eat so fast ? rita ( ignore he ) we have go over this a million time . you have find a free tutoring service for she at the ymca . SAM but I do not . you do . rita can not you grasp the concept of manipulate the truth ? not lie . just a little tweak here and there . SAM no ... you be so lucky . you get to play with Danny all the time . rita he do not want to play with I . SAM yes he do . he do he do . he think you do not want to . rita oh that 's ridiculous of course I want to . SAM tweak , tweak . rita ( explode ) I drive around after work yesterday ' till 9:30 look for a goddman razor scooter ! SAM ( in he own world ) tweak , squeak , peek peek ... rita shift uneasily , embarrassed by she overreaction . int . rita's library - later rita okay , why do you harass that young boy at you home ? SAM you know I do not harass he , rita . you know that , you know that ! rita Sam , I be pretend to be Mr. Turner , remember ? okay ? SAM oh yeah yeah yeah yeah . I do not harass he , Mr. Turner . Mr. Turner - ( Sam can not keep a straight face ) you do not look like he . rita that 's a bless . SAM you be so much prettier . rita ( suddenly shy ) thank you . now . what make you think you can take care of a woman - I mean a young child - when you have a hard time take care of yourself ? int . rita's library - two hour later rita be relentless . Sam be exhaust but determine . rita but who be you kid ? be not Lucy already smarter than you ? SAM in some way . but in other way , she 's not , I think . rita you think ? SAM I think . rita Sam . you have get to be firm on this . SAM I think in other way I be smarter than she . smarter than you be , Mr. Turner . in fact , in some way I be smarter than you , judge mcneilly . rita whoa ! bring it down . SAM what parent do not want more for they child ? to be more than the sum of the part of the whole of they . rita yeah yeah yeah , but it 's one thing for a little girl to love she daddy when she 's a baby , but once she lose respect for you , what will you do ? SAM ( fierce ) I will not let that happen . I will not . rita how can you say that ? SAM respect be not just about how smart someone be . smart be not just about how smart someone be . rita but what about Lucy ? be not you be selfish ? do not she deserve a better life ? do not you think she 's just pretend she 's happy to not hurt you feeling ? Sam jump up from the table , tremble with anger . SAM Lucy be happy ! we have fun ! we go to denny 's , we go to video night . I know how to love she . I know I be not go to able to go to law school and learn how to be a mean person , but I know how to love . I know how to be she father , Mr. Turner ! by this time he be face to face with rita , breathe hard , overcome with emotion . rita be unexpectedly near tear . suddenly before she know it , she be holding SAM . the room charge . she speak tenderly , move by this awkward boy / man . rita I know you do , Sam . I know you do . int . starbucks - morning Sam rush into the coffee shop in he new suit . GEORGE you look great , Sam . what time do you have to be in court ? SAM half day , half day . I take the stand at two . George lead he behind the counter . the staff beam . euphorically , Sam approach the huge espresso machine . GEORGE okay , we need two grande cappucino , non fat . SAM sprinkle or cinnamon ? int . starbucks - 11:00 a.m. Sam be do great . he 's hum as he prepare a triple latte with the precision of a swiss watchmaker . int . starbucks - 12:00 p.m. the place be pack , include a group of japanese tourist . Sam zip around , try to juggle between the blender , the espresso machine , steam milk , icemaker , all the while glance up at the clock . Sam hand three cup to customer , the foam overflow , coffee spilling out . a customer take a sip and spit it out . guy what be this ? I order a americano , not a latte . SAM americano , americano , not a latte . work as fast as he can but still not fast enough , Sam unconsciously drink the latte . int . starbucks - 12:45 p.m. hyped on coffee , Sam be zoom around and he 's a mess . shirt hang out , coffee stain on it , he hair wild . frazzle , he forget to put the lid on the blender and turn it on . a mint mocha frappuccino splatter he in the face . at that moment , George come out of he office . SAM I be go to be late ! I be go to be late ! GEORGE I will call a taxi . SAM no , no , I can not wait . I can not wait . I have get to go right now . Sam head out , the coffee drink still drip from he face . ext . STREET - day walk a hundred mile a hour , Sam barrel down the street out of he mind . Cars be jamme up . he walk over they , a man possess . int . courtroom - day everyone be in they place , wait . turner you honor , if the defendant do not have enough interest in he daughter to even show up - rita you honor , I be sure he will be here any moment . this be a extremely important day to Mr. Dawson . at that moment , Sam burst through the door . suit stain , hair sticky with frappuccino . rita 's jaw drop . rita ( cont 'd ) you honor , may I have a moment with my client ? judge mcneily make it brief , Ms. Harrison . rita head towards Sam . up close , he look even worse . rita what the hell happen ? ( sniff the air ) what be that smell ? mint ? Sam , determine , head for the stand . rita grab Sam 's shoulder and try to focus he . look deep into he eye . rita ( cont 'd ) Sam , look at I . look at I ! ( he do ) I will guide you like last night . ( Sam hug she ) not that part of last night , the other part . now you can do it . I know you can . Lucy need you . SAM ( a mile a minute ) Lucy need I . rita yes , slow down because Lucy need you . SAM Lucy need you . judge mcneily Ms. Harrison . we need you ! int . courtroom - later Sam , on the stand , talk a mile a minute from the coffee . rita how will you be able to pay for private tutoring ? SAM there 's a free program at the ymca . Lucy can go there . rita but do not you ever think it would be better for Lucy if she live with a permanent foster family and you could visit whenever you want ? SAM the foster do not know she . why can not she live with I and they can come visit if they want to . I be firm on this . and I be get firmer . Lucy belong with I . rita why ? Sam put he finger to he chin and start he " let I see ... " rita give he a look ; he lower he finger and start talk very fast from the coffee . the stenographer desperately try to keep pace . SAM Paul write the first part of the song " Michelle " . he say to John , " where do I go from here ? " John have be listen to Nina Simone . there be a line in it that go something like , " I love you , I love you , I love you ... " they put that into the song . it would not be the same song without that . it make the song complete . that 's why the whole world cry when they break up on April 10 , 1970 . on rita well , he have some kind of point . mary , the stenographer , be still type . judge mcneily do you get that , Mary ? int . courtroom - later Turner fire question at Sam - a mile a minute . turner when you be Lucy 's age , be you live at home ? SAM no. turner be you live with you mother and father ? SAM no. turner well then where be you live ? SAM ( very quietly ) in a institution . turner so you parent put you in a institution ? SAM only after my mom get sick . turner what about you father ? where be he ? SAM go with the wind when Sam be bear . turner so , you be not raise by you mother ? SAM I see she I see she . turner when ? SAM Christmas , Easter and my birthday . turner oh , once a year on you birthday . so in a way , the people at the institution be you parent . be they nice to you ? SAM some yes . some on . some yes . turner do they hit you ? SAM sometimes . sometimes they do sometimes . turner like when you hit Lucy 's friend at she birthday party ? rita objection ! nobody hit anybody ! turner let I rephrase that , strong -arm . so what role model do you call upon as a father when you be parent Lucy ? the head of the institution ? the principal the warden ? SAM no. not Mr. whitehead . not he . turner then who ? SAM myself . turner you have the mental capacity of a seven year old . so you ask yourself , a seven year old - SAM I be not a seven - year old . turner how to parent a fellow seven - year old ? SAM yes . no . what be the question ? turner the question be : what make you think you can be a parent ? you background ? you iq ? you friend who can not even testify for you ? rita objection - SAM my friend - rita objection - SAM my friend love Lucy even if rita think they be not smart enough to testify . even if she say you would wipe the floor with they . on rita try to telepathically reach Sam . turner Excuse I , Mr. Dawson , you lawyer just object ; that mean you do not have to answer the question . you can not even follow the simple rule you have watch here day after day . you really think you can raise a seven - year old ? a ten year old ? a thirteen - year old ? ( in he face ) that mean she will be six year more advanced than you . sweat pour down Sam 's coffee stain collar . he search for word . then from the clearest place inside himself : SAM I have have a lot of time to think about whatever it be that make somebody a good parent . it have to do with constancy . it have to do with patience . it have to do with listen . to pretend to listen when you can not even listen anymore . the court be rivete by Sam 's eloquence . rita 's amaze . SAM ( cont 'd ) it have to do with love , like she say ... rita 's antenna go up : who 's " she ? " SAM ( cont 'd ) and I do not know where it 's write that a woman have a corner on that market , that a man have any less of that emotion than a woman . billy have a home with I ! it 's not perfect ! I be not a perfect parent ! sometimes I forget he 's just a little kid ... ( whisper from the courtroom ) we build a life together and we love each other and if you destroy that , it may be irrep , irrep , irrep ... ifty irreparable . all eye turn to the back of the room . ifty be there try with all he might to help he friend . ifty ( cont 'd ) joanne , do not do that , please . do not do it twice , not to he . then meryl streep can not even look at Dustin hoffman after that . turner right , " Kramer vs. Kramer . " thank you for the commentary , Mr. bhutto . it 's hard to find word be not it , Mr. Dawson . it 's confusing . it 's confusing to know what to say to Lucy half the time , be not it ? mortify , so uncomfortable in this strange world , so at a loss how to swim through it , beginning to believe everything Turner 's say , Sam look out at the face in the courtroom . rita , stunne and incredulous ; Turner and he associate smirk at he ; ifty , shaking he head ; Robert , he face in he hand ; miss wright , Margaret Brown , the State 's expert , almost willing he to fail . be they right ? be they ? SAM no , yes , no . turner no what ? SAM let I see let I see let I see . turner you do not know what ? SAM yes . turner yes . you be right , you do not know . you do not know enough to really raise you daughter ? rita objection . this be not question , this be attack . SAM ( frantic ) I be Lucy 's father . turner be you ? be you really ? I be not talk about the fact that you get some homeless woman pregnant . rita objection you honor . I motion a recess . judge mcneily denied . get to the question , Mr. Turner . turner the question be if you love you daughter as much as they say you do do not you think she deserve more ?! do not you ? in you heart of heart , secretly question yourself every day ? do not you ?! SAM yes . turner be that a " yes ? " rita objection . SAM yes . she do . she deserve everything . in my heart of heart . turner yes she do . and you agree with everyone , you can not give she that ? SAM ( in unbearable pain ) maybe . maybe everybody 's right . on turner there . he get it . on rita anguish . watch Sam unravel as he stand up and start walk around in a circle in the witness box . SAM ( cont 'd ) no more no more ! let it stop ! no more ! no more ! no more ! the judge watch Sam , sad and stunne . the verdict be obvious . Sam have pass judgement on himself . ext . child and family protective SERVICES - hallway Sam , break , walk down the long hallway with rita toward Margaret Brown 's office . suddenly , rita stop as she and Sam both see - lucy sitting , hopeful on the bench . she search Sam 's face for the verdict . the minute she see sorrow in he eye , she know . she run to he , glue herself to he chest . lucy no daddy ! no daddy ! no daddy ! in a series of wordless dissolves , they hold each other in the hallway through the entire forty five minute visit . the only thing move be the hand of a large wall clock in the background . pain , Margaret reach for Lucy . margaret brown c'mon , Lucy . it 's time to say goodbye . lucy noooo ! do not let go do not let go do not let go - Sam 's tear mix with Lucy 's as they sob , cling to each other . with such fierce love ; a parent and a child . lucy ( cont 'd ) do not let they daddy do not let they ! do not ever let I go ! he can not let she go . that he can not do . Margaret , steel herself , turn to rita , no matter how many time she 's do this . margaret brown please help I . rita , aching from a place she think she bury long ago , shake she head , no . now , Margaret literally have to wrench Lucy away from she father 's arm . Lucy bellow as she pull she down the hallway . Sam be freeze in incalculable pain . ext . sam' apartment hallway - night we hear " fool on the Hill " . we follow a trail of pink liquid melting down the hall and come to Annie 's door where a pile of grocery bag and newspaper sit in a puddle of strawberry ice cream . suddenly , the needle scrape loudly across the record , follow by a mysterious pounding against the wall . int . sam' apartment - night the camera move to the window . Inside , the light be dim . Lucy 's hammock swing empty , ghostlike . Sam , curl into a ball in Lucy 's bare corner , bang he head over and over again against the wall , overcome with grief . int . danny's room - rita's house - night the pounding continue as we see rita stand in the doorway , watch she sleep child . this stranger that she 's raise . she move to cover he , this tough little boy , when she see pooh bear tuck under he arm . she tuck they both in , tenderly . ext . carpenter house - day Saturday in idyllic suburbia . Sam , direction and a map in he hand , tentatively round the corner . a small bouquet of flower in he hand when he stop - staring ahead at -- reverse angle Lucy look absolutely radiant in a new spring dress . she stand on the front porch with randy , who wear a red smock and be set up two easel and paint . there 's a tiny chair for Lucy and a tiny chair for she . close on lucy and randy the tension in Lucy 's face , Randy strain to connect with she . randy you teacher tell I you be a artist . lucy you wear too much perfume . you be try too hard . randy I be , be not I . maybe you could teach I how to paint . lucy my daddy 's come today . we be go to open my birthday present . why do not you just go do something . back to SAM from where he stand , all he see be Lucy get everything she deserve . he look down at the tiny bouquet in he hand - feel profoundly inadequate , he reach for some flower from a garden he 's pass . put they in he bouquet . then stop . feel guilty . tries to put the flower back . he stare up at Lucy on the porch a few house away . Lucy sit on the step . Randy sit right next to she . back on SAM where he be stand , but be now gone . the flower lay in the dirt . from the porch , Lucy look out and wait . and wait . and wait . int . starbucks - day it 's Saturday . the place be buzzing . Sam listlessly clean the table , without the usual energy and verve . a toddler march around a table , play under the ador gaze of he parent . man Excuse I , my kid knock over a coffee , could you clean this up ? Sam see a family at a table cover with spill coffee . man ( cont 'd ) I say I need a refill and a towel over here . SAM ( snap ) you need a towel ? a refill ? a glass of water ? you need more than you already have ? you have everything - ( all he fury and frustration ) everything . but it 's not enough . take my daughter , too ! Sam 's out of control , the whole shop stare at he as he back into a shelf of mug he so carefully arrange . they crash onto the floor . smash CUT to : ext . carpenter porch - day paint and brushes go flying across the porch as Lucy knock they over . totally out of control . lucy you give he the wrong address ! you be hide I from he ! as Randy reach for she , Lucy pour black paint on she . ext . carpenter house - dusk Lucy sit in a ball on the corner of the porch . her eye swollen from cry . finally , she get up and move to the tiny chair that Randy put out for she . straighten the easel and begin to paint . the front door open and Randy come out have wash she face and hair . without speak , Randy straighten she easel and sit down next to Lucy and begin to paint . Randy and Lucy paint in silence for a long time . then - lucy you be go to send I away now , be not you ? randy ( tenderly ) no. we hear what sound like a child 's hand play the song " here , there and everywhere ... " int . sam' apartment - evening we see SAM sit at Lucy 's miniature toy piano as he play with one finger . in a series of dissolves , as day and week pass , we see sam' hand at the piano - intercut : ext . carpenter house - day with Lucy and Randy 's hand as they paint side by side to Sam 's sad melody . Lucy 's picture start angry , angular with black and blue , then gradually soften and the dark figure recede . by the end , there be a brushstroke of the red of Randy 's smock peek into the corner of Lucy 's picture . int . sam' apartment - day we come back to Sam , have withdraw completely into himself serenade no one . int . lucy bedroom - day we see Lucy and Randy sit on she bed unwrap the birthday present . time have passed . they look close , almost like a mother and daughter . Lucy finish unwrap Sam 's present and we see a stack of one hundre denny' napkins . randy oh , he must have forget to put the gift in . Randy pick up one of Lucy 's picture and move to the wall . randy ( cont 'd ) you know , this wall really need something special on it . Lucy half - smile and unconsciously begin to fold one of the denny 's napkin into a origami bird . then crush it . then cautiously : lucy what 's the longest any one of that kid stay with you ? randy megan stay a little over a year . lucy ( averting she eye ) do you ever want any of they to stay longer ? on randy move herself . understand how huge a question this be come from this bruise little heart . int . sam' apartment - week later - day Sam sit in a dark corner ; maniacally fold newspaper into a odd origami pattern . there 's a knock at the door - Sam do not move , he just continue fold he paper . rita ( o.s. ) Sam it 's I ! open up ! he do not answer it , just methodically fold . ext . sam' apartment - continuous rita stand there impatiently . rita I do not have time for this ! you be suppose to show up for you first evaluation . and I leave work early to get there and where the hell be you ?! open the door ! Sam ! open the goddamn door ! ( nothing ) alright . if you do not care enough to open the goddamn door I be outta here ! I have ruin my practice , I have alienate my colleague - I send my kid off on a fishing trip with he father so I could work with you and you will not open you goddman door for I ?! Fine ! that's it ! I have have enough ! she start down the hall when suddenly she turn and - with the mastery of a karate black belt - run and kick the door down . int . sam' apartment - continuous rita burst through the door and then stop . Sam have create a origami wall of newspaper , intricately woven together . a fortress against the world . he keep fold - do not even look at rita . he 's more far go than she could imagine , she walk gingerly to the wall and knock gently on it . rita Sam , it 's rita . can I come in ? SAM no room . no room . rita hey . I live in the East Village . I do not need a lot of room . SAM Sam make life too hard . Sam make life too hard on everyone . rita Sam , I can go at least nine more round . but you gotta let I in . please Sam . please . he pull out one small brick of origami , open a window . rita ( cont 'd ) thank you . now I can see you kind eye ... George tell I you need a break from work . SAM I do not want to work there anymore . too many people . rita maybe we could find you a quieter job . because remember one of the judge condition be you have to earn more money ; you have get to keep earning more money for when we get you Lucy back . SAM Lucy do not need I anymore . she have a new family . she do not need I anymore . rita be that what she say ? SAM she do not have to say it . I may be stupid , but I know . I know . rita well that 's the first stupid thing I have ever hear you say . Sam look at she through the window . a chink in the wall . rita ( cont 'd ) Sam , Sam you can get she back . the court favor reunification . the only thing that can block you be if the foster family petition to adopt . and from what I have hear , Lucy 's make they life miserable - that 's we girl . Sam , fight for she . SAM I try . I try . rita try harder . SAM you do not know . you do not know . rita I do not know ? SAM you do not know what it be to try and try and never get there . you be bear perfect , perfect . rita be that right ? everyone else be perfect but only Sam feel loss and pain ? SAM that 's right . people like you do not know . rita people like I ? SAM people like you do not know , do not know what hurt feel like , people like you do not feel , do not feel anything . she slap he . stunned , he slap she back . stunned , she slap he again . he slap her . she rip the newspaper wall down . rita you think you get the market cornere on human suffer ? well let I tell you something about " people like I . " people like I feel little and lose and ugly and dispensable . people like I have perfect husband screwing someone far more perfect than I and my son , my son hate I , I try too hard and I push and he know it and I talk in that voice , that voice I promise I would never use , and I have scream , I have scream horrible thing to he , a five year - old because he do not want to get in the car at the end of a day and he stare at I with such anger and I hate he then . I know I be fail you , I know I be disappoint you , I know you deserve better but get in the fuck car ! it 's like every morning I wake up and fail , and I look around and anybody , anybody can pull it off , but somehow I can not . and I know , I know I have everything , and I be still miserable and it 's pathetic . I know it 's pathetic . no matter how hard I try , something about I will never be enough . she 's cry too hard to continue . he pull she to he . before she realize what 's happen , she 's hold he tightly . he whisper in she ear . SAM you be enough . you be so much more than enough . he look she straight in the eye - she 's undone by the intimacy of the moment , by the strength of he purity . and stare into he eye , she begin to sob , wall crumble . he kiss she elbow , she shoulder , she forehead , she eye , she tear . and something ignites between they - something confuse and scary and deep and fill with a passionate ache . SAM ( cont 'd ) Lovely rita ... on a bed of newspaper that be once a wall they come together , whole again . ext . randy'' neighborhood - day Sam round the corner walk - or rather be walk by six dog , all shape , all size . he head up the walkway to Randy 's house . she come out of the house and shut the door behind she , stop he . randy you be early . SAM all the light be green . randy there 's a reason for the court schedule . you stop show up . Lucy have have to rebuild she life . SAM I want she back . I can do it . I know I can . randy that 's not up to I , but I be tell you , I will do everything in my power to prevent Lucy from get hurt again . Sam hang he head . a dog bark at Randy . randy ( cont 'd ) whose dog be this ? SAM supplemental income supplemental income - bathe , walk and feed . Sam Dawson meet you canine need . ( to dog ) sit! sit! sit! sit! sit! sit ! all the dog sit but a big black lab . Randy head into the house . the front door open and Lucy come out . she run down the stare to Sam . thrill , Sam open he arm to she . she leap into they and begin slugging he chest with pent up fury . lucy you never come ! you never even call ! you forget about I ! how could you forget I ! SAM I never forget you . I forget I . SAM ( cont 'd ) I hate you I hate you I hate you ! Lucy pull away . a long charge silence . Lucy refuse to even look at she father . SAM ( cont 'd ) Lucy , I try to write you a letter last night ... a basset hound sneeze . SAM ( cont 'd ) gesundheit , buster . buster have a cold . but the letter have too many big word . pokey , sit . the black lab have begin eat Randy 's flower . Lucy stare forward . Sam speak tentatively , carefully : SAM ( cont 'd ) dear Lucy . pokey sit . dear Lucy , I be sorry that I hurt you . every moment of the day I think about you . Lucy in the hammock , Lucy at school . Lucy in the sky ... xxoo . daddy . p.s. I love you , record September 11th , the day you take you first step . Lucy raise she head and look at Sam for the first time . int . denny' - day on salad bar row of carrot , tomato , cucumber and - uh-oh , a tomato 's in the peas . a hand come into frame and carefully place the tomato just so , in the tomato bin . now it move to the olive . should not all the pimento be face up ? pull back to reveal Sam , in white apron and hat , deftly fill the container of the elaborate salad bar as people fill they plate . SAM Napa cabbage , excellent choice . purple and green , purple and green . very rich in vitamin c. good choice . very good choice . int . courthouse - hallway - day Sam walk toward the courtroom when we see rita approach from the other end of the hall . they both slow down when they see each other . rita unconsciously fix she hair . Sam adjust he tie . rita hello , Sam . Mr. Dawson . sam. Dawson . SAM hello , lawyer . they almost shake hand - realize that mean touch each other and do not . rita motion toward the door . rita shall we ? SAM no . we already do . do not tell anybody . they nervously walk through the door , bump into each other . int . SMALL court room - later she 's very aware of Sam . he look away , over compensate obviously . throughout the scene , rita 's hair fall in she eye . she attempt to put it in place . rita furthermore , my client have find a new job , and be make every effort to find a bigger apartment so that - rita 's hair fall in she eye again . Sam stand up , pull her barrette from he pocket , the one she leave at he house . SAM here . rita stare at the barrette as if it be the murder weapon . rita oh , thank you . what a... a lovely barrette , Mr. Dawson . it will look great on Lucy . who I be sure you buy it for . furthermore , so that ... there will be more room for Lucy as she grow up . margaret brown all of that be well and good but the fact that Mr. Dawson quite he job , miss he hearing , and do not even show up for he visit with he daughter ... rita the fact that my client go through profound depression be the most natural reaction any parent could have . margaret brown but once again he have no idea how he behavior during that depression impact on he daughter . rita in this next month , Mr. Dawson will be expand he support system to include Social service program , tutor -- margaret brown it 's too late ! the foster family be petition the court for sole custody of Lucy and I fully support they request . Sam turn to rita . this can not be happen . int . denny' - night Sam , rita , ifty , Robert and Brad sit in a booth . with one extra person , it 's a little tight . rita pick at she salisbury Steak special , try to deal with the business at hand . ifty be not it illegal ? it 's illegal to go through stop sign . it 's illegal to cross on the red . rita it 's not illegal . it 's very complicated . when a strong foster parent lobby for a child it change the equation . ROBERT they be reach right through Sam as if he do not exist . as if he 's a ghost . rita there 's one option we have never talk about , Sam . ( very carefully ) I know what you go through the last time you take the stand . we could settle out of court , ask for the most incredible visitation rights - it would almost seem like joint custody . SAM you be say I do not have a chance . that 's what you be say . rita I be not say you do not have a chance . ROBERT that 's what you say last time and look where he be now . SAM stop . rita 's not say I do not have a chance . be you ? tell I I have a chance . too long a pause . ifty look at the clock . ifty oh my God ! 6:35 be video night at my house and I be not even there ! ROBERT if we get there before you do we will wait for you - check ! brad Sam get you dessert to go . SAM this be very hard to say . I be have my dessert here . with rita . I be not come to video night . devastate , ifty , Robert and Brad solemnly gather they thing . rita Sam - if you want to go ... SAM I say no , rita . rita I know , but if you - SAM what ? do you want I to go ? rita I do not say that . but do you want to go ? SAM where ? rita nevermind . SAM Fine . rita Fine . ifty , ROBERT &amp ; brad Fine . they leave in a huff . the waitress deliver the check with dessert and coffee . rita I have get it . SAM I have get it . Long pause . rita slowly eat she pie . SAM ( cont 'd ) it 's good to chew . you be eat more slowly . rita laugh and nod . SAM ( cont 'd ) coconut rhubarb . sidebar , we need to talk . sidebar . rita ( carefully ) yes we do . SAM I need to get Lucy back . we need , we need - to be professional . rita do you know what that mean ? SAM when deal with Starbucks ' customer , be friendly but not familiar . I can be you friend . rita ( oddly touch ) thank you , Sam . SAM you need to leave you husband . rita ( she armor up again ) oh , my marriage be not so bad . SAM ' life be very short and there 's no time for fussing and fight , my friend . ' rita ( undone ) it 's just ... it 's just that ... I have never lose anything . ext . school - day Randy kiss Lucy goodbye as she head toward school . we follow Lucy - suddenly a bird sail through the sky and land in front of lucy . it 's a origami bird . she look around - but do not see Sam anywhere . but she feel he . she walk toward school , clutching the bird , past a tree and we move up that tree and see Sam nestle in the branch . there . they make contact . ext . randy'' neighborhood - day it 's later that week . Lucy walk proudly down the street in a girl scout uniform , sell cookie . Randy be by she side , beam . lucy we have make $ 22.36 . that 's seven dollar , 64 cent less than thirty . randy well that 's one way of look at it . ext . randy'' neighborhood - later dissolve as they move through the neighborhood . finally we see she bound up the step to a apartment building . she knock on the door . it open - and Lucy and Randy 's jaw drop . reverse angle Sam stand there . holding three kitten . we see various dog in arm chair , the couch ... lucy daddy ?! randy what be you do here ? SAM I live here . this be where I live . lucy this be where you live ? so close to I ? SAM I want to be close to you . I want to be closer . look at my apartment number . ( it 's number 9 ) John be bear on October 9th . his son be bear on October 9th . lucy John meet Yoko on November 9th . SAM his mother live at 9 newcastle , Liverpool . lucy newcastle . 9 letter . Liverpool - 9 letter ... randy Lucy , give I one minute with you father . Sam , I consider myself a understanding person but I do not understand this . you can not close the distance between you and Lucy with a new address . we go to court in a week - SAM I do not want to spend half my visit with Lucy on the bus get to Lucy . I do not want to waste one more minute . buster sneeze . lucy ( from the doorway ) do buster still have he cold ? SAM he 's better , much better . now I will have one box of mint chocolate cookie . lucy that will be three - eighty six . lucy &amp ; SAM ( in unison ) let I see let I see let I see ... that 's one dollar and 14 cent less than five . Randy watch with a mixture of jealousy and fear as Lucy effortlessly enter she and Sam 's universe . ext . carpenter house - day from the window , Randy watch as Sam hand Lucy four leash and the two of they get pull down the street by the dog . int . lucy bedroom - 2 a.m. Lucy lie in she hammock , unable to sleep . stare at the little origami bird on she window sill . she move it , open the window wide , quickly take Mr. jeeter - and within a moment she 's out the window and onto the limb of the tree . ext . MAIN thoroughfare - night " the night grow tooth ... " stray dog fight over garbage - a wino talk to himself and in the midst of it all walk Lucy in she pj' . Mr. jeeter tuck under she arm . Lucy cross the street . honk ! the screeching of tire ... ext . apartment build - moment later we be look at a old fashioned fire escape when suddenly we make out a figure climb higher and higher . it 's Lucy . we catch glimpsis of she and then lose she as the neon sign across the street blink on and off . int . sam' bedroom - continuous Sam 's asleep . suddenly he eye open wide . and like a animal sense danger , he get up . we hear the SOUND of something thumping against rung after rung of the FIRE escape . he rush to he window and look to see -- ext . sam' apartment Lucy climb the fire escape ! Sam open the window and reach for she . SAM Lucy Lucy . what be you do ?! you could have really hurt yourself . what be you do ? lucy I could not sleep . daddy , do you know that Warren G. harding be the twenty ninth President of the United States ? SAM no. lucy remember - the twenty -ninth President . in case the judge ask . ext . randy'' STREET - night Sam , in he pajamas , hold a sleep Lucy in he arm . he turn a corner and head up the walkway to Randy 's house . he knock on the door . finally the door open and we see Randy and Bill in they pajamas shocked at see Sam and Lucy . SAM she could not sleep . randy give I my daugh - ( she stop herself ) give I - I will take Lucy . SAM maybe if you rub she tummy twenty - three time , tell she two storey and give she half a denny 's blueberry muffin and a third of a glass of milk she will sleep . good night . Randy and bill , she husband , watch as Sam turn and walk purposely down the walkway - he houseslipper scuffling on the quiet street . series of shot at 3:00 a.m. -- ext . STREET - night Lucy in she pj 's walk down the middle of the street . ext . sam' window - night Lucy knock on Sam 's window . ext . STREET - night Lucy and Sam walk back down the street to Randy 's house . ext . sam' window - night Lucy lug encyclopedias to Sam 's windowsill . ext . STREET - night Lucy in a blanket be carry by Sam toward Randy 's house . int . lucy room - night until finally , we see Lucy in she hammock at Randy 's house look out the window , which have now be completely cover with bar . her room be fill with origami bird from the 100 denny 's napkin , she birthday gift . Lucy get out of she hammock and tiptoe across she room - quietly open the door . int . carpenter house - stair to live room - night we follow she through the dark house as she creep down the stair . she get to the front door . it 's be dead bolt where she cannot reach it . from the darkness we hear -- randy ( tenderly ) Lucy . come here . Randy sit in the darkness , next to a third of a glass of milk and a half a denny' blueberry muffin . randy ( cont 'd ) I make we a midnight snack . Lucy stare at the muffin and milk . torn . randy ( cont 'd ) I understand that you want to see you daddy . and I do not want to keep you from he . I honestly do not . so you tell I when you want to see he . you can see he anytime you want . but we have to arrange it first . do you understand ? ( Lucy nod ) now would you like a snack ? Lucy nod . elate , Randy make room for she on the couch . but Lucy just reach for the milk and muffin and head up the stair then turn back and speak gently to Randy . lucy thank you . goodnight . randy ( word catch in she throat ) goodnight , Lucy . int . sam' bedroom - day we pan across the room and see Sam 's shoe , he tie , and a yellow pad with all the president listed in order . a knock at the door - Sam open it to see rita stand there , look intensely vulnerable , hold she husband 's suit . rita my husband leave this when he move out . SAM oh , lovely rita , meter may . rita ( enter ) Nice place . I worry . I worry sometimes ... SAM you worry you do the wrong thing ? rita I worry that I have get more out of this relationship than you . SAM no no no . I be the lucky one . I have the lawyer that never lose . rita ( cover ) that 's I ... okay , let I see , let I see , let I see . ( pull out note ) they be go to put Bill and Randy on the stand first and then you . SAM they first , then I . they be a nice couple . they have a nice house . she 's pretty . she 's smart , too . I can tell . the manager of the salad bar be gonna testify , be not he ? that will help we . for a moment , rita 's mask drop and she fear for Sam overwhelm she . rita absolutely . SAM nobody believe that George Harrison could really be a song writer . but he write " here come the Sun " . John and Paul say it be one of the best song on abbey road . rita ( tenderly ) George be always my favorite Beatle . SAM Lucy 's be Paul . int . randy and bill bedroom - 2 a.m. Randy and Bill be asleep when Randy sense something . she open she eye and see Lucy stare at she . lucy now . randy what honey ? lucy now . I want to see he now . int . sam' bedroom - 3:30 a.m. we see Sam sleep in bed . there 's a knock at the door . Sam wake with a start , throw down the cover . we see that he 's wear the armani suit . Sam open the door to see Randy stand there , hold a sleep Lucy in she arm . randy she fall asleep on the car ride over . I be gonna turn back and tuck she in to she bed ... with the pink canopy ... and the quilt I make ... but I be afraid she would wake up at we house ... ( fight the ache in she soul ) ... and want to come home . Sam look at Randy with profound compassion . randy ( cont 'd ) I be gonna tell the judge that I could give Lucy the kind of love she never have . but I would be lie . SAM I hope I hope I hope that you be say what I think you be say even though you be not say it . Randy nod and hand the sleep Lucy into Sam 's strong arm . for a moment they both hold lucy between they in the most unique embrace . Randy finally let go and struggle to say goodbye . randy goodnight . I will see you in court . save I a seat ... on you side . Randy walk away . stun , Sam watch she , hold Lucy in he arm . then , from a very brave place : SAM Randy ! if I tell you I can not do it alone , will you tell the judge ? randy ( turn gently ) no. SAM promise ? randy promise ... SAM I have look and look for a mother for Lucy . help , I need someone , help , not just anyone . you be the red in Lucy 's painting . on randy so unexpectedly bond to they both . ext . soccer field - day a glorious sunny day . Lucy and she team be in the middle of a fierce game . a foul be call when we hear - SAM penalty ! rule break . penalty , please ! Sam , wear a uniform and whistle around he neck , walk he inimitable walk , race up the field , coaching the team . ifty , Robert and Brad sit in the bleacher . Robert , in sunglass , paranoid , look behind he . Brad follow around a attractive young woman as close as he can get to she . Sam run by the water stand , manned by Randy and Bill . they share a look - a moment of intense parental pride . Lucy and a kid name phillip go after the ball . obnoxious mom get she ! Phillip , you get she ! ROBERT I see that ! you give he a secret signal ! do not you ? ifty keep both eye on the ball , Lucy - ball be round - on sale at kmart . the earth be a ball , too ... Phillip step in front of Lucy and shove she as hard as he can . Sam blow he whistle repeatedly and race over . SAM penalty ! repeat ! rule break ! penalty ! rita ( o.s. ) penalty ?! Sue he ! kick he ass outta the game ! it 's rita ! with Danny - holler from the stand . on lucy look over at she father . Sam do every coach gesture , and referee hand signal from every sport know to man . it look like a bizarre twyla tharp dance . on lucy she do it right back at he . they secret code . the code that will bind they for the rest of they life . on the crowd and player all watch . what the hell be that ? Sam blow he whistle . SAM play ball ! play ball ! the game heat up . Lucy 's team get the ball and be head toward the goal . Sam be run right alongside they , so excited , until he can not hold himself back anymore and intercept the ball ! Sam run valiantly down the field with it ! we hear " here come the Sun " ... Little darlin' , it 's be a long , cold lonely winter . Little darlin' , it feel like year since you have be here . here come the Sun ... here come the sun ... and I say , " it 's alright ... " and the credit roll . fade to black .