no. 00355 ' same time , next year final draft screenplay by bernard slade k a the mirisch corporation californy cy es — please note — this material be the property of universal studio and the mirisch corporation , and be intended solely for use by studio personnel . distribution to - unauthorized person be prohibited . ss #00355 ( x ) same time , next year fade in omitted 1 ext . northern california coastline - sunset 1 - a pound surf . Rocky cliff . twisted cypress . the horizon be ablaze with red and gold . a small cottage stand in silhouette against the fall sun . the front door open . a man exit . we will come to know he as George . he be pull on a sport jacket , lift the collar up against the ocean breeze . he walk up a roll lawn toward a large parn-like building surround by tall pine and eucalyptus and a cluster of cottage . light be on and smoke drift out of chimney . omitted 2 ext . coast road and inn sign - sunset 2 - a a 1948 kaiser approach . headlights on . it pass the sign then back up and turn into the entrance . the sign read : sea sekadows inn - northern californiax oldest - EST . 1844 . omitted through ext . sea shadow inn -- sunset 7 the kaiser pull into the small nark area join several other car that be mostly late - forty model sprinkle with one or two 1950 's and 51' . a young woman get out of the kaiser . we will come to know she as doris . she be dress in a simple suit wear over crinoline and top by a nert straw hat . as she straighten she skirt and reach into the car for she bag and glove , George turn the corner and head for the Inn 's front door . the entrance lamp be on . doris follow , buttone she coat against the chill . int . inn - foyer - sunset 8 George enter hold the door for doris . she step in , a smile and a nod say thanks . George close the door and move past she . she stand there uncertain , continued ss through 12 12- B 12-¢c #00355 2 ( % ) continued 8 Chalmers , a man about fifty , be behind the desk . he greet George with a wave . George wave back . as he head toward the dining room , he pause at a magazine rack , flip through several , pick a Saturday even Post . he be wear a wedding ring . another angle - doris 8 - a she rub she hand together . she be wear a wedding ring . she go to the desk . Chalmers look up . doris ask a ques~ tion and he indicate a door off the foyer . doris again smile she thanks and enter the powder room . 9 omitted through 11 int . dine room - night 12 George be seat alone and be the only one in the room . a few people be have cocktail in the bar beyond . a fire - place glow in the adjoin read room . it be all quiet , sedate . George be restlessly turn page and toy with he shrimp cocktail . as he glance at he watch , something catch he eye . he point of view - doris 12 - a she be stand at the entrance to the dining room peer in , tentative and uncertain . Chalmers come to she and place she at a corner table . a waiter deliver a menu . she study it intently , remove she glove . angle - GEORGE L2 - B his steak be deliver and he seem to concentrate on it . salt. pepper . butter for the baked potato . again -- he look . angle - doris 12 - c she be still read the menu . the waiter stand , pad and pencil wait . she close the menu . order coffee , the waiter leave . ss 12-d 12- F 13 14 15 #00355 3 {x ) angle - GEORGE - night 12 - p he go back to he meal , slice the steak . it be all metic - ulous , a special routine , full of nervous energy . again -- a look . angle - doris - night 12 - E she pick up the menu again . we get the feel she be deal - ing with the price , and it be confirm when she check the money in she purse . she drop it suddenly as the waiter be - turn and pour she coffee . she catch George watch she and turn away . another angle - GEORGE and doris - night 12 - F embarrass , he look away . she study menu again , look up , catch he again . this time she offer he a shy , tentative smile . the waiter return to she table ready to take she order . she indicate all she want be coffee and hand he the menu . as the waiter move away , George , on a impulse , call he over , whisper something in he ear . the waiter look surprised , glance over he shoulder at doris , look back at George . George nod , and then , afraid he will change he mind , quickly bury himself in he magazine . angle on kitchen door 13 the waiter enter carry a plate contain a sizzling steak , french fries , etc. , move to doris , place it before she . sur - prise , she look at food , protest . the waiter indicate George . by now some other diner have enter the restaurant and doris have to look past a couple who be seat between she and George . George raise he fork with a piece of steak on it in the form of a toast . doris start to giggle . another angle ~- montage shot 14 George be now seat at doris ' table . they attitude be rather formal , overly polite . they listen to one another too attentively in the manner of stranger . the restaurant have acquire some more diner and be now perhaps half - fill . another angle - montage shot 15 George have make doris laugh and she touch he in a impul - sive , unselfconscious gesture . the restaurant have start to empty and there be only a few diner leave . the candle on the table be half - burn down . 16 17 18 19 20 21 #00355 4 another angle - montage shot 16 George and doris be alone in the restaurant . we see a feel of intimacy between they as they listen and talk , totally wrap up in each other . the candle be burn down . int . reading room - inn - night 17 doris be seat on a two~seater sofa across from George , who ( X ) be sit opposite she . a small table between they hold they coffee . he loosen he tie as he talk . in the b.g. the fire burn brightly . another angle - montage shot 18 George be now seat on the corner of the coffee table talk intimately to doris , who have she shoe off and have she foot curl up under she on the sofa . in the b.g. the fire have half - burn down . another angle - montage shot 19 George be now seat beside doris on the sofa , he shoe off , he arm rest on the back of the sofa , almost encircle doris . the fire have burn down to ember . they be not talk any more , simply gaze at one another . ext . sea shadow inn - night 20 George be slowly walk doris to she car . he open the door for she , she get in , but he do not close the door . they talk , reluctant to part . finally , she start the ignition . he close the door . they look at one another . cuT to int . cottage - day - angle ~ GEORGE 2 ) in bed as he slowly wake up . he sense something be ~- well , '' different . " it be at this point he notice the female arm across he chest . he be instantly wide awake . as the angle widen we see that doris be asleep in bed beside he . very carefully he remove she arm and get out of bed . he be wear boxer short . continued ss 21 22 #00355 5 continued 21 the camera stay with he as he move away from the bed and stop as he take the clothes strewn all over the room . they include the rest of he clothes , and she blouse , skirt , stock - ing , bra , girdle and shoe . he shut he eye and mutter a silent " Jesus Christ . " he then pick up one sock , put it on , then put on he sport jacket . another angle - doris 22 she be sit up in bed , watch he . she speak with a force gaiety . doris that 's a real sharp - look outfit . he whirl to look at she . GEORGE ( finally ) uh -- hello . doris reach for she petticoat which be on the dress table stool beside the bed . she pulis it under the sheet and put the sheet over she head while she wriggle into she slip . meanwhile , George have find he trousers and quickly put they on . doris what time be it ? GEORGE my watch be on the bedside table . she pick up watch , look at it . doris ( surprised ) ten to twelve ! GEORGE no , it 's twenty - five after cight . the stem be break . it 's three hour and twenty - five minute fast . continued ss 22 #00355 6 continued 22 doris why do not you get it fix ? GEORGE I be go to but I get use to it . doris do not it mix you up ? GEORGE no , I be very quick with figure . he have be stare at she . doris why be you look at I like that ? GEORGE ( anguish ) why do you have to look so luminous ! she do not understand . he pace away . GEORGE I mean it would make everything so much easier if you wake up with puffy eye and blotchy skin like everyone else . doris ( cheerfully ) I guess God figure , chubby thigh be enough . he fix she with a earnest look . GEORGE look , this thing be not just yoing to go away . we have get to talk about it . doris okay . continued ss 22 #00355 7 continued ~ 2 she get out of bed and with the sheet around she start for the bathroom . GEORGE where be you go ? doris I think I would brush my tooth first . . GEORGE dorothy , sit down . she open she mouth to speak . GEORGE please -- sit . she move to a chair , sit with the sheet wrap around she . he pace for a moment , gather he thought before he turn to face she . when he speak it be with great sin - cerity . GEORGE dorothy , first of all , I want you to know last night be the most beautiful , wonderful , crazy thing that 's ever happen to I and I will never forget it -- or you . doris doris . GEORGE ( throw ) what ? doris my name be doris . GEORGE you name be doris ? I have be call you dorothy all night . why do not you tell I earlier ? continued 22 jy # 00355 8 22 continued - 3 22 doris I do not expect we to end up -- you know -- ( she trail off ) then when I do try to tell you -- you be not listen . GEORGE when ? doris it be -- you know -- in the middle of -- everything . he fix she with a burn look . GEORGE ( intensely ) it be incredible , be not it ? doris it be -- nice . ( sense he expect something more ) especially the last time . GEORGE ( anguish ) I know -- I be a animal ! he throw the shoe he be hold into the sofa , move away to look out of window . she take this opportunity to gather up some of she clothing . GEORGE I do not know what get into I . I just -- what be the matter with the first two time ? . doris what ? oh -- well the first time be kinda fast and the second -- look , I feel funny talk about this . GEORGE ( earnestly ) it be a very beautiful thing , doris . there be nothing disgust - ing or dirty in what we do . continued jy 22 #00355 9 continued - 4 22 doris then how come you look so down in the dump ? GEORGE because my wife be go to kill I ! doris how be she go to find out ? GEORGE she know already . doris ( puzzle ) you say she be in New Jersey . GEORGE ( gloomily ) it do not matter . she know . doris how ? he choose not to answer this , fix she with he intense stare . GEORGE be it as incredible for you as it be for I ? doris ( curiously ) do all man like to talk about it a lot afterwards ? GEORGE ( defensively ) why ? you think I be some sort of pervert or something ? doris no , I just wonder . she get she blouse during the follow : doris see , I be a virgin when I get marry . at least -- sort of . continued jy 22 #00355 continued he think 10 -5 22 GEORGE ( puzzle ) sort of ? doris well , I be pregnant but I do not count that . this out . GEORGE doris , that count . doris I mean it be by the man I marry . GEORGE . oh , I be sorry . she get skirt during follow while he put on he shoe . doris that 's okay . Harry and I would have get marry anyway . it just speed thing up a bit . ( brightly ) turn out I get pregnant if we drink from the same cup . he turn to look at she , pale a little . doris what 's the matter ? GEORGE ( quickly ) it 's okay . trojans be very reliable . doris npuzzle ) who be ? GEORGE never mind . {he stare at she ) I be in a lot of trouble , doris . continued jr 22 23 #00355 il continued - 6 22 doris why ? GEORGE I think I love you . she do not really want to hear this at this moment so she give he a uncertain smile and , she clothes in she arm , exit into the bathroom . caught up in he own thought , without realize what he be do , George follow she . int . bathroom - inn - day 23 pairly small , old - fashioned , no shower . GEORGE it 's crazy ! it 's really crazy ! I mean I do not even know if you have read ' catcher in the Rye ! ' she be look around for somewhere to put she clothes . doris I never even finish high school . GEORGE ( wildly ) you see ? I do not even care ! and I be really a snob about education ! she be put she clothes in a pile on the floor . he sit disconsolately on the side of the tub . GEORGE ( cont would ) of course I should have know this would happen . when it come to life I have a brown thumb . nothing I do ever turn out right . doris how do you mean ? GEORGE the first time I have sex , I be eighteen year old . we be in the back seat of a park 1938 dodge sedan . right in the middle of it we be rear-end . doris ( sympathetically ) oh , that 's terrible . do you have insurance ? continued jr # 00355 12 23 continued 23 she lean over to turn the water on in the tub . he stand to give she room . GEORGE and take last night . you know what the radio be play while we be make love ? she shake she head . GEORGE ' if I knew you be come I would have bake a cake ! ' doris ( puzzle ) - so ? GEORGE so that 's go to be ' we song . ' other people would get ' be my Love 's or ' some enchant even . ' I -- I get ' if I knew you be come I would have bake a cake ! ' she be stare at he . GEORGE what be it ? doris I -- uh ~- want to take a bath , George . GEORGE ( realize where be he ; embarrassed ) oh , I be terribly sorry ! he quickly exit . she look in mirror , give a small , incredulous shake of she head . 24 int . cottage - inn - day ~ angle on bathroom door 24 as doris , now dress , enter . we and she do not sec George for a moment . GEORGE we be in a lot of trouble , doris . startle , she turn . jr 25 #00355 13 another angle 25 George , now more or less dress , be sit on a chair against the wall behind the bathroom door . GEORGE ( cont would ) I really think I have fall in love with you , doris . he get up , move away . GEORGE now you want to hear the luck I have ? I be happily marry ! doris ( curiously ) be you jewish ? GEORGE ( throw ) no . doris then how come you feel so guilty ? GEORGE do not you feel guilty ? doris be you kid ? half my high school become nun . " GEORGE yeah , I guess Catholic have rule about this sort of thing . she take makeup from purse , sit at dress table and apply it during follow : doris they have rule about everything . that 's what 's so great about be Catholic . you know where you stand and all . continued o~ jr 25 #00355 continued he shake she look 14 he head , start to pace again . GEORGE I tell you , doris , I feel like slitting my wrist . doris be you italian ? [ irish ? ] GEORGE ( throw again ) what 's with you and nationality ? doris you be so emotional . GEORGE I happen to be a c.p.a . at he . GEORGE I mean I can be as logical as the next person . doris you do not strike I as a accountant type . GEORGE ( put on jacket ) it 's very simple . my whole life have be a mess . figure always come out right . what be you ? doris italian . [ irish . ] GEORGE ( surprised ) then why be not you more emotional ? doris when you grow up in a large italian [ irish ] family it 's enough to turn you off emotion for life , you know ? continued gb 25 #00355 15 continued - 2 25 GEORGE I wonder why you be not cry er yell or anything . doris I get up this morning and do all that in the bathroom . GEORGE crying ? doris yelling . GEORGE I do not hear you . doris I stuff a towel in my mouth . GEORGE I be sorry . doris that 's okay . there 's no use cry over spilt milk . GEORGE you be right . doris then how come we feel so terrible ? he look at she for a moment . GEORGE ( soberly ) because we be two decent honest people and this thing be tear we apart . I mean I know it be not we fault but I keep see the face of my child and the look of be - trayal in they eye . I keep think - ing of we marriage vow , the trust my wife have place in I , the ex - perience we have share together . and you know the worst part of it ~ all ? while I be think all this , I have this fantastic hard on . there be a pause . continued go # 00355 16 25 continued - 3 25 doris . I wish you have not say that . GEORGE I be sorry . I just feel we should be totally honest with each other . doris no , it 's not that . I have to go to confession tomorrow . he look at she for a second , break into a rather force , in - credulous laugh , move away , turn to she , chuckle . GEORGE we be both crazy , you know that ? I mean this sort of thing happen to million of people every day ..- you do not use actual name in confession , do you ? doris no . he be relieved . GEORGE May I ask you something ? doris sure . GEORGE would you go to bed with I again ? he move quickly to she , start to take she in he arm . doris George , we can not ! GEORGE ntry to kiss she ) why not ? doris we will feel worse afterwards ! GEORGE no , I be over that now -- I just remember something ! continued gb 25 #00355 17 continued ~ 4 25 doris what ? GEORGE the Russians have the bomb ! we could all be dead tomorrow ! doris George , you be clutching at straw . he take she by the shoulder , look deep in she eye , speak with intense calm . GEORGE do not you understand ? we be both grow up people who have absolutely nothing to beashame or afraia of . there be a knock at the door . both freeze , they eye reflect - ing total panic . GEORGE ( call ) just a second ! they go into frantic action as they both dive for the clothes on the floor , bump into each other in the process . he roll sheet up , stuff it under the bed as she grab she hat , jacket and purse and start for the bathroom . GEORGE ( panic-stricken ; in a desperate hiss ) do not go into the bathroom ! doris why not ? GEORGE it 's the first place they look ! ( call to front door ) just a second ! I be come ! she head for the french door and exit onto the deck . on he way to the front door he spot she girdle , grab it , stuff it part way into the side pocket of he jacket . { X ) rh 25 - a 26 27 28 #00355 18 ext . deck of cottage - day 25 -a ( X ) doris scramble off the deck and around to the side of the ( X ) cottage in a attempt to hide . she struggle to get into she jacket and straighten she hat . she peer around the corner and see Mr. Chalmers and George talk . George be hold a breakfast tray . Chalmers leave and George enter the cottage . the door close . omitted 26 ( x ) int . cottage ~ day - GEORGE 27 hold tray , look around for doris , move to bathroom . GEORGE doris ? he bend down to look under bed . GEORGE doris ? puzzle , still hold tray , he move through french door out onto deck . ext . cottage deck - day 28 fairly large , furnish with two garden chair , a small table , a couple of chaise lounge and decorate with flower pot . although it have a marvelous view of the grounds and coastline , it also have a secluded feel due to the trellis overhang and shrubbery . as George peer down over the edge of the deck , the angle let we see doris come through the front door of the cottage , move through the room and out onto the deck behind George . doris ( in a deep voice ) you have a woman in here ? startle , he turn to face she . when he have recover he put tray down . GEORGE it 's okay , it be old Mr. Chalmers with my breakfast . I be very calm . he do not suspect a thing . doris he do not ask about you girdle ? continued rh 28 #00355 19 continued 28 GEORGE what ? he look where she be point , see girdle , pull it out of pocket . GEORGE oh great ! now he probably think I be a homo ! doris what do you care ? GEORGE I stay here every year . doris how come ? GEORGE I have a friend who go into the wine business near here . I fly out the same weekend every year to do he book . doris from New Jersey ? GEORGE , he be my first client . it 's kind of a sentimental thing . doris oh. she reach out she hand and take the girdle from he . he watch she as she put it into she purse . GEORGE doris , there 's something I want to tell you . doris what ? GEORGE well , you probably think I do this sort of thing all the time . I mean I know I must appear very smooth and glib -- sexually . well , I want you to know that since I have be marry this be the very first time I have do this . continued o~ gb 28 #00355 continued - 2 20 28 doris do not worry , I could tell . hey , you mind if I have some of you breakfast ? GEORGE oh sure -- help yourself . I be not hungry . she sit , pour coffee , eat through follow . he move to edge of deck , look out . GEORGE it 's funny , even when I be single I be no good at quick , superficial affair . I have to really like the person before -~ ( turn to look at she ) what do you mean ~- you could teil ? in what way could you tell ? doris what ? ( a affection - eat twinkle in she eye ) oh -- I do not know -- the way you try to get you pants off over you shoe and then trip and hit you head on the coffee table . Little thing like that . they smile affectionately at each other . GEORGE it 's great to be - totally honest with another person , be not it ? doris it sure be . GEORGE doris , I have not be totally honest with you . doris . no ? continued ~ gb 28 #00355 continued under she he smile she look 21 -3 28 GEORGE no. ( take a deep breath ) I tell you I be a marry man with two child . doris you be not ? GEORGE no . I be a marry man with three child . doris I do not get it . GEORGE I think it would make I seem less marry . puzzle gaze he become agitate , start to pace . GEORGE look , I just do not think it through ! anyway , it 's be like a lead weight inside I all morn - ing . I mean deny little Debbie like that . I be sorry . I be under a certain stress or I would not have do it . you understand ? doris sure . we all do dopey thing some - time . in relief , watch she as she eat toast . doris how come you wife do not travel with you ? GEORGE phyliss will not get on a plane . up , notice he stare at she . doris why be you look at I like that ? continued a gb 28 #00355 22 continued - 4 28 GEORGE I just love the way you eat . she grin , hold up cup - GEORGE no thank you . ( sit beside she ; intensely ) doris , do you believe that two perfect stranger can look at each other across a crowded room and suddenly want to poss - ess each other in every conceivable way possible ? she think for a second . doris no. GEORGE ( bewilder ) than how do this whole thing start ? doris it start when you send I over that steak in the restaur - ant . GEORGE they do not serve drink . they be know for they steak . doris what make you do it ? GEORGE impulse . usually I never do that sort of thing . I have this -- this friend who say that life be say ' yes . ' ( a slight shrug ) the most I can generally manage be ' maybe . ' continued oo gb 28 29 #00355 23 continued - 5 28 doris so why would you do it ? GEORGE I be lonely . and you look so -- vulnerable . {romantically ) you have a run in you stock and you lipstick be smear . doris you think I look cheap ? GEORGE ( quickly ) no -- beautiful . they smile tenderly at one another . sense that they be get involved again , doris stand . doris I really should be go . the nun will be wonder where I be . she exit into the cottage . the camera stay on George as he try to absorb this last piece of information . he rise , move to french door . int . cottage - day 29 GEORGE nun ? doris turn from mirror , where she be comb she hair , put on hat . doris yeah . it do not seem right to bring it up last night but -- well , I be on may way to retreat . GEORGE retreat ? doris it 's right near here . I go every year at this time when Harry take the kid to bakersfield . continued a tob 29 #00355 continued doris move 24 29 GEORGE what 's in bakersfield ? doris his mother . it 's she birthday . GEORGE she do not mind you not go ? doris no , she hate I because it get pregnant . GEORGE ( puzzle ) her son have something to do with that too . to sofa , collect she thing during follow : doris she block that out of she mind . oh , I do not blame she . you see , Harry be in he first year of dental college and he have to quit and take a job sell waterless cooking . and so now every year on she birthday I go on retreat . GEORGE to think about God ? she turn to look at he . doris well , him too , sure . but more about -- weil , myself . he wait , she sit . doris ( awkwardly ) see , I get pregnant when I be just eighteen so I never really have any time to -~ well -- find out what I think about ~- thing . oh , I do not know what I be try to say . continued oo tob 29 #00355 25 continued - 2 29 doris ( cont would ) ( shake she head , give a little laugh ) sometimes I think I be crazy . GEORGE why ? doris well , look at my life . I live in a two - bedroom duplex in downtown oakland , we have a 1948 kaiser , a blonde three - piece dinette set , a Motorola tv , and we go bowl at least once a week . I mean , what else could anyone _ ask for ? ( a beat ; troubled ) but sometimes thing get I down , you know ? it 's dumb . he shake he head . GEORGE I do not think it 's dumb . doris you do not ? doris Boy , I can really talk to you . I mean I find myself say thing to you I do not even know I think . I notice that right after we meet in the restaurant . GEORGE ( eagerly ) we have instant rapport . do you notice that too ? doris no , but I know we really hit it off . Harry 's not much of a talker . his expression change slightly . continued tob # 00355 26 29 not - 3 29 ~ continued doris how about you wife . do you two talk a lot ? he look at she for a moment , move away . GEORGE look , doris , naturally we be both curious about each other 's husband and wife . but rather than dwelling on it and lettting it spoil everything , why do not we do this ? I will tell you two storey -- one show the best side of my wife and the other show the worst . then you do the same about you husband and then let 's forget that . okay ? doris okay . " GEORGE I will go first . I will start with on the worst side of she . ( grimly ) phyliss know about we . doris you say that before . how could she know ? GEORGE she have this thing in she head . doris you mean like a plate ? this throw he ; he stare at she . GEORGE plate ? doris my uncle have one of that . he be wounded in the war and they put this steel plate in he head and now he say he can always tell when it 's go to rain . cont inubd tob # 00355 27 of >~ 29 continued - 4 29 he stare at she for a moment . GEORGE I be in a lot of trouble . doris why ? GEORGE because I find everything you say absolutely fascinating ! doris tell I about you wife 's steel plate . GEORGE what ? no , it 's not a plate -- it 's more like a bell . ( become agitate ) I could be a million mile away , but whenever I even look at another woman it go off like a fire alarm . last night at om 1:22 I just know she sit bolt upright in bed with she head go ding , ding , ding , ding ! doris how would you know it be 1:22 ? GEORGE I have peripheral vision and I notice my watch say 4:47 . doris tell I something nice about she . GEORGE what ? oh -~ well , she make I believe in myself . ( look at she ; seriously ) it 's probably hard for you to imagine but I use to be very insecure . doris how do she do that ? make you believe in yourself ? continued tob 29 #00355 28 continued - 5 GEORGE she marry I . doris yes , that be very nice of she . he look at she . doris I mean bolster you up and all . he sit beside she . GEORGE okay , you turn . tell I the worst story first . doris okay . ( she think ) it 's hard . GEORGE to pick one ? doris no , to think of one . Harry 's the salt of the earth -- everyone say so . GEORGE look , you owe I at least one rotten story . doris okay . this be not really rotten but -- well ... , she get up , move to fire , look into ash doris on we fourth anniversary we be have kind of a rough time . the kid be get we down and -- well , we would get in over we head financially but we decide to have some fricnd over anyway . she move to look out of window . for a moment . continued 29 - tob 29 #00355 29 continued 6 29 doris now Harry do not drink much , but that night he have a few beer and after the gillette fight he and some of the guy start to talk and I overhear he say he time in the army be the best year of he life . GEORGE ( puzzle ) what 's wrong with that ? a lot of guy feel that way about the service . she turn to face he . there be a doris Harry be in the army four year . Three of that year be spend in a japanese prison camp ! ( a beat ) and he say this on we anniver - sary . oh , I know he do not mean to hurt I ~- Harry would never hurt anyone -- but , well , it -- hurt , you know ? ( a beat ) you be the only person I have ever tell . moment of contact between they . doris now , you wanta hear a story about the good side of he ? GEORGE not really . doris but you have to ! I do not want you to get the wrong impression about he . GEORGE okay , if you insist . she sit beside he . doris well , Harry 's a real big , kind of heavy - set sort of guy , you know ? continued tob # 00355 30 the 29 continued - 7 29 GEORGE I wish you have not tell I that . doris oh no , he 's as gentle as -~ as @ puppy . anyway , this one Saturday last winter he get the idea to take tony , we four - year old , out to the park to fly this big kite . well , there 's no wind so they have trouble get the kite to take off . ( start to smile ) about a hour later I come by on my way home from the laundromat and I see tony fast asleep in the car and Harry , all red in the face and out of breath , pound up and down , all alone in the park , with this kite drag along behind he on the ground . {smile fade ) I do not know -- somehow it really get to I . ~~ he be look at she , touch more by she reaction than by the story itself . GEORGE yeah , I know . helen have some nice quality too . doris who 's helen ? GEORGE ( puzzle ) my wife , of course . doris you say she name be phyliss . caught ; a split moment of panic . GEORGE I know -- I lie . she stare at he , bewilder . agitate , he get up , pace around . of continued tob # 00355 31 of ~ 29 continued - 8 29 they smile GEORGE phyliss -- helen ~- what 's the difference ? I be marry ! look , I be sorry . I be nervous and I do not want to leave any clue ! I mean I be scared you would try to look I up or something ! doris be you name really George ? GEORGE of course . you think I would lie about my own name ? doris yes . GEORGE that would be crazy . doris ( gently ) you be crazy . at one another tenderly . GEORGE it 's funny , be not it ? here we be in a hotel room , gaze into each other 's eye , and we be both marry with six kid between we . doris you get picture ? GEORGE ( throw ) what ? doris picture of you kid . GEORGE ( uncomfortably ) well , sure , but I do not think this be the time or place to --- she be move to get she purse . continued -o tob 29 #00355 32 continued - 9 29 doris I will show you mine if you show I yours . nextract snap - shot from purse ) I keep they in a special folder we get free from kodak . ( she move to he , give he snap ) here . where be yours ? still somewhat off~ balance , he extract wallet from back pocket , hand it to she . GEORGE uh -- you have to take the whole wallet . they sit side by side on the sofa look at each other 's snapshot . doris oh , they be cute ! be the one in the glass and baggy tight the oldest ? GEORGE nlook over she shoulder ) yes , that 's Michael . funny - look kid , be not he ? doris he want to be superman ? GEORGE Peter Pan . sometimes it worry I . ( look at snap in he hand ) why be this one 's face all scrunch up ? doris oh , that 's Paul -- it be take on a roller coaster . be not it natural - look ? right after that he throw up . GEORGE yeah , he 's really -- something . I guess he look like Harry , huh ? doris both of we really . continued sl 29 30 #00355 33 continued - 10 29 doris ( cont would ) nlook at snap ) what 's you little girl 's name ? GEORGE Debbie . that be take on she second birthday . we be try to get she to blow out the candle . doris she have she hand in the cake . GEORGE yeah , neat be not she strong suit . they look at one another . doris you have great-look kid , George , GEORGE thank you . so do you . doris thank you . they hand back the photo and each replace they where they come from . they head come up , they eye make contact , they gaze at one another for a moment before he gently kiss she . the kiss become more passionate . they pull apart , look at one another . she reach up to remove she hat . doris okay , but this be the last time . he be follow she to the bed as we dissolve to a montage 30 of film clip , still photo , advertising poster , record album cover , book jacket , magazine cover , bumper sticker , button and painting that capture the year in the United States between 1951 to 1956 blend news event , fad , fashion , music , t.v. , show , movie , entertainer , political and sport figure . fast move , kaleidoscopic , possibly use a combination of single and multiple screen . continued sl 30 31 32 #00355 34 continued 30 some suggestion : Bobby Thompson hit the home run that win the Giants the pennant with announcer 's commentary , milton berle 's texaco hour , Nixon 's " checker " speech ( " Pat do not have a fur coat . she have a good Republican cloth coat " ) , Kay Starr -- " wheel of fortune , " Teresa brewer -- " Music , Music , Music , " Rosemary clooney -- " come on a my House , " patti page ~- " Tennessee waltz , " Book jacket : from here to eternity , the Silver chalice , the caine mutiny , the search for bridey Murphy , marjorie morningstar , the mccarthy hearing ~- Joseph Welch ( " have you no decency , sir " speech ) , '' dragnet , '' " I remember mama , " " Arthur godfrey , " '' you show of show , " President eisenhower , Bill Haley sing " rock around the clock . " ext . sea shadow inn ~ day - establishing shot 31 int . cottage - day 32 a day in February 1956 . angle on a homemade sign read " happy fifth anniversary , darling . " as the angle widen we see that George , wear a charcoal suit and pink shirt of the period , be pin up the sign on the inside of the front door . he have put on a few pound , he hair have just start to thin , and at thirty - two he give the impression of more substance . it be just a impression . although he manner be more subdued than five year ago and he insecurity flash through less frequently , it be only because he have learn a degree of he mercurial mood . he move to check some champagne that have be set up on the piano , and then to the coffee table , where he proceed to light five candle set in a small iced cake . GEORGE be sure and let I know when you be come out . doris ( 0.s. ) right now . GEORGE wait a minute ! he quickly move to the piano , sit . continued 32 #00355 35 continued 32 GEORGE okay -- now ! as doris enter he sing and play , " if I knew you be come I would have bake a cake . " she be dress in a strap ~ less black cocktail dress that be consider chic in the suburb in the fifty ; be slimmer than before and more carefully put together . the most strike physical change in she be she very blonde hair , shape in a gina lollobrigida cut . she have acquire some of the social grace of middle class suburbia , be more articulate than before , and have develop a wry , deprecate wit that do not hide a certain tenseness of manner . she do a little jitterbug step to the music ; he stop play , embrace she . GEORGE happy anniversary , darling . he indicate the cake . GEORGE cut the cake and make a wish . he move to pour two glass of champagne as she sit on the sofa , blow out the candle , cut cake . he move to sofa , hand she champagne , sit beside she . GEORGE what do you wish ? doris I have only one wish . GEORGE what ? doris that you keep show up every year . they kiss tenderly . she serve cake through follow : GEORGE that be one of the best idea you ever have . doris what ? that we meet here every year ? I do not think either of we can take credit for that . continued da 32 #00355 36 continued - 2 32 doris ( cont would ) it be just something we stumble into five year ago . matter of fact , that first year I do not think you would show up at all . GEORGE I be sure you would not . of course in that day I have less confidence in my personal magnetism , he move to get champagne bottle . doris where would you get the champagne ? GEORGE orefil she glass ) Old Chalmers bring it while you be change . doris bit risky , be not it ? GEORGE oh , I be sure by now old Chalmers know the score . doris I really think he do . every time I go past the front desk he wink at I . GEORGE that 's not a wink . he have a tic in he eye . doris Chalmers have a tic ? ( he nod ) why do not you tell I that ? for five year I have be winking back ! he laugh , gaze at she affectionately . doris what 's the matter ? you hate my hair , do not you ? GEORGE I have already tell you -- I be crazy about you hair . continued o~ jr 32 33 #00355 37 continued - 3 32 she move away to check she hair in the mirror . doris I do not know , next time maybe I should go into the city to have it do . GEORGE how be the suburb ? doris muddy mostly . right now everyone 's very excited . next week they be go to connect the sewer . ( shrug ) well , it 's not exactly the life of Scott and Zelda , but we be survive . GEORGE ( surprised ) you start read ! doris oh , you do not know the half of it . I join the Book of the month Club . GEORGE good for you . doris ( kid herself ) listen , sometimes I even take the alternate selection . int . entrance foyer - inn - night 33 Chalmers , five year older , be work behind the small reception desk . his radio be softly play Nelson riddle 's recording of " Lisbon Antigua . " doris and George enter from the outside , move through foyer on they way to the dining room . doris how about you ? you still in New Jersey ? GEORGE no , we move to Connecticut . we buy a old barn and convert it . continued jr 33 34 #00355 38 continued 33 doris what 's it like ? GEORGE drafty . int . dine room - inn ~ night 34 sparsely populate . George and doris move to a table , sit , and smile they thanks at the waiter Charlie , now beginning to gray a little , who hand they a menu and withdraw . GEORGE right now helen 's get the decorate bug . he look up from menu . GEORGE I have this mental picture of she at my funeral just as they be close the lid on my coffin , throw in two fabric swatch and yell out ' which one do you like ? ' he smile at she amusement , GEORGE that 's the bad story about she , doris what else be new ? GEORGE we have a baby girl . doris oh George , that 's marvelous ! you have picture ? GEORGE ( grin ) I know you would ask . he take out picture , hand they to she . she put they closer to table candle so she can see better . continued da 34 #00355 continued she look he grin , 39 34 doris oh , she 's adorable . ( pensively ) it 's funny , I still like to look at baby but I do not want to own one any more . ' you think that 's a sign of maturity ? GEORGE could be . ( take out a cigar , hand it to she ) here , I even keep one of this for you to give to Harry . it 's from Havana . at cigar . doris Harry still think I go on retreat . what should I tell he ? I get it from a Cuban nun ? take cigar back , put it into pocket . doris how be the rest of the kid ? how 's Michael ? GEORGE oh , crazy as ever . he have this homework assignment to write what he do on he summer vacation . trouble be , he choose to write what he actually do . doris what be that ? GEORGE try to get laid . he write in great comic detail about he unfortunate tendency to get a erection on all form of public transportation . continued da # 00355 40 44 continued - 2 34 doris you be crazy about he , be not you ? GEORGE he 's a very weird kid , doris . doris and he really get to you . come on -- admit it . he look at she . GEORGE okay , I admit it . he 's a nice kid . doris ( gently ) see ? be that so hard ? he look at she for a moment and then , impulsively lean across the table and kiss she . doris what be that for ? GEORGE everything . this . one beauti - ful weekend every year with no care , no tie , and no respon - sibilities . thank you , doris . they gaze at oné another , oblivious to 's everyone else in the room . '' GEORGE doris ? his request be leave unspoken but he meaning be very clear . doris ( somewhat breathlessly ) gee , I just get all dress up . cuut to 35 int . cottage - inn - night 35 George and doris be ina passionate , clumsy embrace on top of the bed . in they hurry to reach the bed they have only continued da 35 #00355 41 continued 35 pause to divest themselves of some of they clothes . the light be still on . the phone beside the bed ring . doris someone have a rotten sense of timing . George , still on top of she , continue to smother she with kiss . GEORGE damn . without change he position he reach out and take the phone . GEORGE ( into phone ) hello. ( he expression change ) yes , this be dada@y . be there anything wrong ? he roll off doris and assume a tense position on the edge of the bed . GEORGE ( into phone ) funny ? well , that 's probably because daddy be just -- uh -- I have a frog in my throat , sweetheart . he be now sit with the phone in he hand , bent over , almost as if he have a stomach ache . doris move off the bed , unobtrusively straighten she clothes and hair as she drift toward french door . GEORGE ( into phone ) it come out , huh ? of course the tooth fairy will come , sweetheart . why , tonight of course . well , I wish I could be there to find it for you , honey , but daddy 's -- work . honey , do mommy know you be call . doris step out onto deck . da 36 37 #00355 42 ext . cottage - deck - night 36 doris light a cigarette , look out over grounds . in the b.g. , inside the cottage , we see George still talk on the phone but can no longer hear what he be say . vaguely troubled , doris hug herself in protection against the chill night air . after a moment or so she move back into the cottage . int . cottage - inn - night 37 GEORGE ( into phone } well , I will try . yes , I love you too , sweetheart . yes , very much . he hang up and put he head in he hand . GEORGE oh God , I feel so guilty ! doris Debbie ? he rise , start to pace . GEORGE her tooth come out . she can not find it and she 's worried the tooth fairy will not know . oh , God , that thin , reedy little voice . do you know what that do to I ? doris sure , you cheerful expression do not fool I for a minute . GEORGE you think this be funny ? doris honey , I understand how you feel but I really do not think it 's go to help go on and on about it . GEORGE ( agitate ) doris , my little girl say ' I love you , daddy ' and I answer she in a voice still hoarse with passion ! continued ms 400355 43 37 continued 37 doris I think I have get the picture , George . her tone jolt he slightly . he look at she curiously . GEORGE do not you ever feel guilty ? doris sometimes . GEORGE you have never say anything . doris I just deal with it in a different way . GEORGE how ? doris privately . still agitate , he start pace the room again . GEORGE I do not know -- maybe man be more sensitive than woman . doris have a drink , George . GEORGE I mean wowen be more pragmatic than man . doris what 's that mean ? GEORGE they adjust to rottenness quick . ( of f-handedly ) anyway , you have the church . doris the church ? GEORGE well , you be Catholic , be not you ? you can get rid of all you guilt at one sit . I have to live with mine . continued uw =a #00355 44 continued ~ 2 37 doris I think I will have a drink . she move to pour herself a healthy slug from the bar set up on the piano . George be still very much concerned with himself . GEORGE Boy , something like that really bring you up short ! ( hold out tremble hand ) I mean look at I ! I tell you , doris -- when she start talk about the tooth fairy -- well , it affect I in a very profound manner . {a beat ) on top of that I have indigestion you can not believe . it hit I that hard , you know ? doris George , I have three child too . GEORGE what do you want I to do , doris ? doris I think it might be a terrific idea if you stop talk about it . it 's only make you feel worse . GEORGE I can not feel worse . that pure little voice say --- he see she expression , stop , try to shake it off with a@ jerk of he head . GEORGE no , you be right . forget it . talk about something else . tell I the good story about Harry . during the follow , George try to concentrate but be obviously distract and nervous . doris okay . he go bankrupt . continue ) ms not 00355 45 37 continued - 3 37 this momentarily jolt he out of he problem . GEORGE how can anyone go bankrupt sell tv set ? doris Harry have this one weakness as a salesman . it 's a compulsion to talk people out of thing they can not afford . he lack the killer instinct . {reflectively ) it 's one of the thing I like best about he , anyway , he go into real estate . you turn . . GEORGE what ? doris tell I you story about helen . GEORGE I already do . doris you just tell I the bad one , why do you always tell that one first ? GEORGE it 's the one I look forward to tell the most . doris tell I the good story about she . he move around the room during follow . GEORGE Chris , we middle one , gash he knee badly on a lawn sprinkler . helen drive both of we to the hospital . doris both of you ? GEORGE I faint . she look at he . GEORGE the nice part be that she never tell anybody . continued ms 37 #00355 continued 46 -4 37 doris you faint often ? GEORGE only in emergency . doris be it the sight of blood that --- GEORGE please , doris , my stomach 's squeamish enough already . maybe I will have that drink . he move to pour liquor , speak over - casually . GEORGE oh listen , something just occur to I . instead of my leave at my usual time , would you mind if I leave a little earlier ? doris ( puzzle ) when do you have in mind ? GEORGE well , there 's a plane in half a hour . doris ( astound ) you want to leave twenty - three hour early ? he move to get suitcase , put it on bed and proceed to pack dgure follow as she watch with unbely eye . GEORGE there 's a connect flight in San Francisco in ninety minute . he glance up , see she expression , GEORGE look , I know how you feel -- I really do -- and I would not ever suggest it if you be not a mother and do not understand the situation . I mean I would not ever think of it if this crisis have not come up . oh , it 's not just the continued ms 37 #00355 continued 47 - 5 37 GEORGE ( cont would ) tooth fairy -- she could have swallow the tooth . it could be lodge God know where ! ( look around ) uh -- have you see my hairbrush ? anyway , I be probably do you a favor . if I do stay I would not be very good company and --~ without a word , doris throw the hairbrush at he . it - sail past he head and crash against the wall . he turn to look at she . there be a pause . GEORGE you feel somewhat reject , right ? well , I can understand that but I want you to know my leave have nothing to do with you and I ! she just stare at he . GEORGE doris , this be a emergency ! I have a sick child at home ! doris ( explode ) oh , will you stop ! it 's get nothing to do with the goddamn tooth fairy ! you be consume with guilt and the only way you can deal with it be by get as far away from I as possible ! GEORGE okay , I feel guilty ! be that so strange ? doris , we be cheating . once a year we lie to we fanity and sneak off to a hotel in California and commit adultery ! ( he hold up he hand ) not that I want to stop do it ! but yes , I feel guilt . I admit it . doris ( incredulous ) you admit it ? you take out ad ! continued et 37 38 and 39 40 #00355 48 continued - 6 doris ( cont would ) you probably stop stranger in the street . you have probably get a scarlet ' a ' embroider on you jockey short . you wander around like a open nerve say , ' I be cheating but look how guilty I feel so I must really be a nice guy ! ' and to top it all , you have the incredible arrogance to think you be the only one in the world with a conscience . well , that do not make you a nice guy . you know what that make you ? a horse 's ass ! there be a pause . GEORGE ( finally ) you know something ? I like you better before you join the Book of the month Club . doris that 's not why you be leave , George . GEORGE well , maybe we can talk about that in the car . she look at he in some surprise . GEORGE I really hate to ask you , doris , but I need a lift to the airport . she just stare at he . omitted ext . local airport - terminal entrance - night small , unimpose , not much more than a wooden shack . doris ' car pull up in front of the terminal . George get out and run through the rain towards the entrance . halfway there , he stop , turn and signal to she and disappear into the terminal . grim face , doris get out of the car , get George 's suitcase , follow he into terminal . 37 ( x ) 38 and {x ) 40 ct 41 42 #00355 49 ext . local airport - tarmac - night 41 a small twin-engine commercial airplane ( circa 1955 ) be warming up its engine in the f.g. in the b.g. we see doris look out at the plane through the rain -splatter window of the terminal . int . local terminal - night 42 small -- the bare necessity , the only decoration be some mid-fifty advertising poster . a few passenger , mostly holiday fisherman , be wait . George , ticket in hand , move to doris , look at she , decide to try a cheerful approach . GEORGE cheer up , doris -- it 's not the end of the world . I be not leave you permanently . {a beat ) I will see you next year . doris ( quietly ) no , I do not think you will . GEORGE ( incredulous ) just because I have to leave early one year , you be willing to throw away a lifetime of weekend ? he remember where he be as the passenger file by he on the way to the plane and lower he voice . GEORGE how can you be so casual ? doris I do not see any point in go on . he shake head , move to get suitcase . GEORGE oh no . do not do that to I , doris . do not try to manipulate I . I get enough of that at home . doris George , what 's the point of meeting in guilt and remorse ? what joy be there in that ? frustrate , he look out at plane . GEORGE doris , I have a commitment there . continued et 42 #00355 continued 50 42 doris ( quietly ) and you do not have one here ? GEORGE ( bewilder ) here ? I think we only commit- ment be to show up every year . doris Nice and tidy , huh ? just two friendly sex partner who meet once a year , touch , and let go . GEORGE okay ~~ so maybe I be kid myself . I be human . doris well , so be I . GEORGE ( sincerely ) but you be different . stronger . you always seem able to -~ cope . she move away , she back to he . she speak slowly , deliberately unemotional . a pause . doris during the past year I pick up the phone and start to call you ten time . I could not seem to stop think about you . you keep slip over into my ' ' real ' life and it scared hell out of I . more to the point , I feel guiity . so I decide to stop see you . ( she turn to face he ) at first I be not go to show up at all , but then I think I at least owed you a explanation . so I come . ( a beat ) when you walk in the door of the cottage , I know I could not do it . that no matter what the price , 1 be willing to pay it . GEORGE ( fianlly ; anguish ) oh , God , I feel so guilty ! continued ms 42 43 44 45 #00355 51 continued - 2 42 doris ( quietly , flatly ) you would better go home , George . she turn on she heel and exit . George stand there for a moment before the luggage attendant approach he and take he suitcase . George reluctantly follow he onto the tarmac . ext . local airport - front entrance - night 43 doris get into she car . int . doris ' car - night 44 she do not turn on ignition but just sit behind the wheel , a blank expression on she face . she look up as she hear the sound of the airplane take off and roaring over the car . as it recede , George 's face appear in open passenger window . they look at one another for a moment . GEORGE I love you , doris . ( a beat ) I be a idiot , I suspect I be deeply neurotic , and I be no bargain -- but I do love you . will you let I stay ? she open passenger door , he get in and they embrace . they break and gaze at one another . GEORGE doris , what be we go to do ? she take he hand in hers . doris touch and hold on very tight . until tomorrow , they embrace . ext . local airport - front entrance - night 45 the motor be start , and the car move off as we dissolve to np 46 47 48 49 #00355 52 montage # 2 ( 1956 - 61 ) 46 some suggestion : Ed Sullivan introduce elvis presley sing - ing " hound Dog , " Democratic Convention -- adlai stevenson 's acceptance speech . " pogo " comic strip , Broadway show poster -- " my Fair Lady , " " West side Story , " " Music man , " etc , Charles Van doren -- $ 64,000 question , fashion -- the sack look , Mike Nichols and Elaine May , mort sahl , shelley berman ( one line each ) , the Kingston Trio in concert , Harry belafonte , you hit parade tv show , dinah shore , : ( the kiss ) , . Edward R. murrow , Jackie gleason ( " away we go " ) , Jack paar ( " I kid you not " ) , President Kennedy 's inaugural speech , hula Hoop craze , chubby checker sing " let 's twist again . " ext , coast road , northern california - day 47 a day in February 1961 . doris , she hair back to she normal color and she face look a little softer , be drive a 1959 model american station wagon up the coast road . int . cottage - inn - day 48 George , still wear he raincoat and hat , be talk on the phone . his unpack suitcase be in the middle of the bed and it be apparent that he have just arrive . as he talk he take off raincoat and hat , revealing that he hairline have recede somewhat . GEORGE {into phone ; irritably ) no , of course I have not leave helen . I be on a business trip . I come out here every year -- I be not run away from the problem ! ( become angrier ) of course I know it 's serious . I still do not think it 's any reason to phone I long distance and --- he give a exasperate sigh and , force to listen , telephone in hand with cord trail behind he , he move to prench window , casually look out . he point of view 49 on the grounds , we see Chalmers , now about sixty and wear glass , work with a gardener who be now gray-haire , ( X ) work on the grounds . . jr 50 51 52 #00355 53 another angle - GEORGE 50 in room . GEORGE ( into phone ) yes , I see a doctor . he say it 's no big deal , that every man have this problem at one time or another and -- look , if we have to discuss this you may as well learn to pro - nounce it correctly . it 's impotence , not impotence -- ( incredulous ) what do you mean , do I catch it in time ? it 's a slight reflex problem , not a terminal illness ! ( frustrated ) it 's not something you have to ' nip in the bud . 's ( exasperate again ) yes , of course I be try to do something about it . look , will you let I deal with this in my own way . I be go to be okay . soon . I just know , that 's all . ( flaring ) I just feel it , okay ? I be see someone out here who 's a expert . ext . inn - front entrance - day 51 doris ' station wagon pull in and come to a stop . when she get out we see that she be obviously very , very pregnant . perspire slightly , she get she bag and start off towards the cottage . int . cottage - inn - day 52 George be still on the phone , he patience exhaust . GEORGE {into phone ) look , I do not think we should even be discuss this ! I be sorry . I be go to hang up now . good-bye . mother . continued jr 52 #00355 54 continued 52 he hang up firmly . he then open suitcase , take out some clothing and a shave kit from case and exit into the bathroom . the camera pan to the front door as doris enter . she look around room , put suitcase down , move to bathroom door . doris ocall ) George ! GEORGE ( o.s. ) ( from bathroom ) be right out , darling . doris , hold she back , move to fireplace , carefully kneel , light fire . she now have great difficulty get up . she finally make it , warm she hand with she back to the bath - room door . George , now dress for seduction in a robe and pajamas , enter from bathroom , stop , smile at she tenderly , and speak in a husky , sexy voice . GEORGE how be you , lover ? she turn to face he , revealing she eight month pregnant stomach . his smile fade and he expression become freeze . he just stare , unable to.speak . doris guess what ? he turn on he heel , move as if he 's go to exit back into the bathroom but stop and peer at she unbelievingly . GEORGE ( in a strangle voice ) my God , what have you do to yourself ? doris well , I can not take all the credit . : ( X ) continued np # 00355 55 52 continued - 2 he continue to stare at she . doris honey , when you have not see a old friend for a year be not it customary to kiss they hello ? GEORGE ( still stunne ) what ? oh , sure . he move to she , give she a rather perfunctory kiss . doris be you okay , pal ? GEORGE I be fine . I be just a little -- surprised . doris you be surprised . I insisted on visit the dead rabbit 's grave . ( look at he ; puzzle ) how come you be wear you pajamas and robe in the middle of the after - noon ? GEORGE ( somewhat irritably ) I be rehearse a Noel coward play . he sit , she look at he . doris George , be there something on you mind ? GEORGE not any more . be ( x ) he attempt to hide he displeasure with a incredulous , small half -laugh . GEORGE you must be eight month pregnant . doris exactly . continued np 52 #00355 continued 56 -3 52 doris ( cont would ) ( see he expression ) honey , it 's not that tragic . we will just have to find some other way to communicate . he watch as she lower herself onto the sofa . she look he look GEORGE great ! you have any idea ? doris well , we could talk . GEORGE talk I can get at home . doris well , sex I can get at home . ( grin ) and as you can see , that be not just talk . GEORGE oh really ? and what be that sup - pose to make I ? at he curiously . doris George , what be the matter with you ? GEORGE what be that crack about sex at home ? be that suppose to reflect on I ? you do not think I have nor - mal desire and sex drive ? doris of course I do . you be very normal . I just mean I look forward to see - ing you for a lot of reason besides sex . do you think we would have last for ten year if that 's all we have in common ? at she , relax somewhat . continued np 52 #00355 57 continued - 4 52 GEORGE of course not . ( sincerely ) I be sorry , doris . you drive all the way up here in you condition and then I behave like a ridiculous idiot . you should have throw something at I . I be sorry . doris be something else bother you ? he move to get a bottle of cutty sark scotch from he suit - case . GEORGE no . it 's just that I be look forward to a -- intimate weekend . he move to piano to pour drink through the follow . he hold up bottle ; she shake head . doris you think we can only be intimate through sex ? GEORGE I think it sure help . doris " oh , maybe at the beginning . GEORGE the beginning ? doris well , every year we meet it 's a bit strange and awkward at first , but we usually solve that with a lot of heavy breathe in between the sheet . GEORGE honey , if we be not go to do it , would you mind not talk about it ? doris I just mean maybe we need some - thing else to break the ice . continued np 52 #03355 continued - 5 58 a nn GEORGE ( pour himself another drink ) I be wide open to suggestion . doris how about this ? suppose I tell you some secret about myself I have never tell anyone before in my life ? GEORGE I think I have have enough surprise for one day . he move to fireplace . doris you will like this one . I have be have this sex dream about you . he turn to face she . she nod . GEORGE when ? doris just lately . almost every night . GEORGE what sort of dream ? doris that 's what 's so strange . they be always the same . we be make love but always underwater . in cave , grottos , swim pool -- but always underwater . be not that weird ? ( she shrug ) probably something to do with I be pregnant . GEORGE underwater , huh ? doris now you tell I some deep , dark secret about yourself . GEORGE I can not swim . she laugh . this cause he to grin back . ( X ) ct 53 and 54 56 #00255 59 omitted ext . part of gpound - inn - day - angle on reflection of doris and geroge in water of duck pond . GEORGE hey , I be really sorry about before . I be really glad to see you anyway . doris you want to tell I what it be all about ? another angle we see that doris and George be lean on the rail of wooden bridge that span a duck pond . George look at doris for a moment . GEORGE okay , I may as well get it out into the open . I mean it 's nothing to be ashamed of . ( a beat ) it 's my -~ my sex life . lately , helen have not be able to satisfy I . doris ( surprised ) she lose she interest in sex ? GEORGE oh , she try -- God know . but I can tell she 's just go through the motion . doris do you have any idea why this be ? GEORGE well , helen 's always have a lot of hang - up about sex . she always think cf it as just a healthy , normal , pleasant function . do not you think that 's a bit twisted ? doris only if you be Catholic . continued 53 and 54 ( x ) 55 56 ( x ) et 56 5 ? #00355 60 continued GEORGE {earnestly ) you be joke , but there 's a lot to be say for guilt and shame . I mean if you do not feel a certain amount of guilt , I think you be miss half the fun . to helen -- sex have always be good , clean -- entertainment . no wonder sne grow tired of it . he find doris ' gaze somewhat disconcert . GEORGE anyway , for some reason , my sex drive have increase while hers have decrease , doris that 's odd . usually it 's the other way around . GEORGE ( defensively ) be you accuse I of lie ? doris of course not . why be you so edgy ? GEORGE because -- well , naturally I feel funny talk about this when she 's not here to defend herself . doris straighten up , put hand on she back , awkwardly stretch to relieve a muscle cramp . doris Boy , I will tell you something . that ethel Kennedy must really like kid . another angle as they slowly move up the path that lead towards the inn . doris would you like to get to the more formal part of you presentation ? continued 56 57 et 57 #00355 continued she nod . they stop 61 57 GEORGE about helen ? GEORGE okay , I '11 start with the good story about she . doris you have never do that before . you must be mellow . GEORGE doris , do you mind ? we go to London . we be check into a hotel and there be a man in a formal coat and stripe trousers stand at the front entrance . helen hand he she suitcase and breeze on into the lobby . the man follow she and very politely point out that not only do not he work at the hotel but that he be the danish ambassador . at a large shade tree . GEORGE without bat a eye , she say ' well , that 's marvelous . maybe you can tell we the good place to eat in Copenhagen . ' ( with a amaze look ) and he do . the point be that it do not bother she when she make a total ass of herself . I really admire that . doris sit on a wooden bench that circle the trunk of the three . doris and what be it that you do not admire ? GEORGE it 's that damned sense of humor of hers . continued ct 57 #00355 62 continued - 2 57 doris oh good -- this be the storey I like the best . George sit down on the grass near she foot . he speak quietly . GEORGE we would come home from a party and we would have a few drink and we go to bed and we start to make love . well , nothing happen -- for I -~ I could not -~ well , you get the picture . it be no big deal . we laugh about it . ( a beat ) then about half a hour later , just as I be about to fall asleep , she say ' it 's funny , when I marry a c.p.a. , I always think it would be he eye that would go first . ' she look at he sympathetically . he avoid she gaze , get up , move a few foot away , look out towards the ocean , he back to she . doris ( finally ) she be just try to make you feel better , George . GEORGE well , it do not . some thing be not funny . she do not say anything . GEORGE I suppose what I be try to say be that the thing that bug I the most about helen be that she break my pecker ! he pick up a stone , throw it angrily toward the ocean . doris ( gently ) you be impotent ? GEORGE slightly . continued # 00355 63 continued - 3 57 he turn to face she , shrug . GEORGE okay , now five people know . I , you , helen and she mother . doris who 's the fifth ? GEORGE Chet huntley . ( angrily pace ) I be sure she mother have give he the bulletin for the six o'clock news . . doris {sympathetically ) when do it happen , honey ? he turn to look at she . GEORGE Happen ? doris , we be not talk about a thruway accident ! I mean you do not wake up one morning and say , ' oh shoot , the old family jewel have go on the blink . ' it 's a gradual thing . doris how 's helen reacting ? GEORGE oh , we have not discuss it much , but I get the feel she regards it as a lapse in one 's social responsibility . you know , rather like let you partner down in tennis by not hold you serve . she dce not smile . GEORGE seriously , I will be okay . the patient 's not dead -- just rest . doris extend she hand . GEORGE ( puzzle ) doris , that statement hardly call for congratulation . continued ct 57 58 #00355 64 continued ~ 4 57 doris I need help get up . he take she hand , pull she to she foot . she put she arm through he and they start to move towards the cottage . int . cottage - inn - night 58 George , a drink nearby , be lie on the sofa , a February 1961 issue of " time " on he chest . he be not read the Magazine but be contemplate the ceiling , a troubled look in he eye . the radio be softly play . doris come out of the bathroom , move to sofa , look down at he for a moment . doris be there anything I can say that will help ? GEORGE you can say anything you want except ' it 's all in you head . ' I mean I be no doctor , but I have a great sense of direction . ( move to turn off radio ) look , to tell you the truth , I be not too crazy about the whole subject . let 's forget it , huh ? doris okay . what do you want to talk about ? he sit on arm of sofa . GEORGE anything but sex . how would you feel about be pregnant ? she move around to fire , think it out . doris catatonic , incredulous , angry , pragmatic , and finally maternal . pretty much in that order . GEORGE you vocabulary 's improve . doris ah , you do not know . you be talk to a high school graduate . continued 58 #00355 continued 65 58 GEORGE ( surprised ) how come ? doris well , I be confine to bed for the first three month of my pregnancy , so rather than it be a total loss , I take a correspondence course . GEORGE ( admiringly ) you be really something , you know that ? doris there 's kind of a ironic twist to all this . GEORGE what ? doris well , I do not graduate from high school the first time because I get pregnant . and now I do grad - uate from high school -- ( grin , tap stomaci : ) -- because I yot pregnant . appeal to my sense of order . GEORGE ( teasing ) I do not know you have a sense of order . doris that 's unfair . I be much better at housework now . must be the nest instinct . anyway , the day my diploma come in the mail Harry buy I a corsage and take I out dance . well , we do not really dance -- we lumber . afterwards we go to a malt shop and have a hot fudge sandae . GEORGE he still sell real estate ? continued be # 00355 66 58 continued - 2 doris insurance . he like it . give he a chance to look up he old army buddy . he regards she as she stand with she stomach thrust out and both hand press on either side of she back . GEORGE doris , be you comfortable in that position ? doris honey , when you be in my condition you be not comfortable in any position , he take she by arm , lead she to sofa . GEORGE come on , sit over here . he plump pillow , help to lower she onto sofa , lift she foot up . doris thanks . how be the kid ? he take she shoe off during the follow : GEORGE ( vaguely ) oh -- fine . Michael get a job with the Associated Press . doris oh , darling , that 's marvelous ! I be so proud of he ! she notice that he be stare at she with a odd , fix expression . doris George , why be you look at I like that ? GEORGE ( quickly ) no reason . it -- it 's nothing ... tell I the other story about Harry . continued be 58 #00355 continued 67 - 3 58 doris George , you be still do it . what be it ? GEORGE ( explode ) it 's obscene ! doris ( bewilder ) what be ? GEORGE when I touch you I start to get excited ! very agitate , he pace away from she . she look GEORGE what kind of pervert be I ? I be stare at a two -hundre - pound pregnant woman and I be get hot ! at he for a moment , amused and pleased . doris ( finally ) let I tell you something . that 's the nicest thing anyone 's say to I in month . GEORGE it 's not funny , doris . doris be not you pleased ? GEORGE please ? I feel like I do on my seventh birthday . my uncle give I fifty cent . I run two mile and when I get there the candy store be close ! doris ( puzzle ) but do not this solve you -- problem ? GEORGE ( frustrated ) the idea do not solve anything ! it 's the execution that count ! continued be 58 #00355 68 continued - 4 58 doris ( happily ) I really get to you , huh ? GEORGE ( tightly ) Excuse I . he march to the piano , sit , and aggressively launch into chopin 's Revolutionary etude no , 12 , surprisingly , he play extremely well . not quite concert hall material but close enough to fool a lot of people . doris , absolutely astound , finally recover enough to stand up and move to the piano where she watch he with a incredulous expression . doris that 's incredible ! be you as good as I think you be ? he continue to play until indicate . GEORGE how good do you think I be ? doris sensational . GEORGE I be not as good as you think I be . doris ( puzzle ) but that piano have be sit there for ten year and you have hardly touch it . why today ? GEORGE it beat a cold shower . doris you play to release sexual tension ? GEORGE you do not even get this good without a lot of practice . she watch he as he vigorously pound away . doris George , you will be exhaust . continued be 58 #00355 69 continued - 5 58 GEORGE that 's the idea . she look at he for a moment . doris I have a better idea . ( she hold out hand ) come here . he stop play , look at she , puzzle . doris come on . he get up , doris take he hand , start to lead he towards bed . GEORGE ( doubtfully ) doris --- doris it 's okay . it will be okay . GEORGE but you can not --- doris I know that . GEORGE then how --- doris do not worry , darling . we will work something out . they be stand by the bed . she kiss he tenderly . gradually , he become more involved in the kiss until they be in a passionate embrace . suddenly , she break , double over in surprise and pain . GEORGE ( alarmed ) what be it ? she be too busy fight off the pain to answer . continued be 58 #00355 continued she look she sink 70 - 6 58 GEORGE doris , for God 's sake , what be it ? at he unbelievingly , not say a word . GEORGE doris , what the hell be the matter ? doris ( Zinally ) if -- if memory serve I correctly -- I just have a labor pain . onto bed . he stand stock still , try to absorb this , but not really take it too seriously yet . he stare he head . GEORGE you -- you can not have ! maybe it 's indigestion . doris no , there 's a difference . indigestion do not make you eye bug out . GEORGE but you can not be in labor ! when be the baby due ? doris not for another month . at she for a moment and then put he hand to GEORGE my God , what have I do ?! doris what have you do ? GEORGE I bring it on . my -~ - my selfish - ness . doris George , do not be ridiculous . you have nothing - to do with it . very upset , he pace away . continued ~~ voh 58 #00355 71 continued - 7 58 GEORGE do not treat I like a child , doris ! doris will you stop get so excited ? GEORGE excite ? I think I have trouble with my sex life before . can you imagine what this be go to do to it ? doris George , will you --- she stop as a new pain hit she . breathlessly : doris I think I would better lie down . she lie back on bed , she top half propped up by pillow . George be too self - involved to notice she discomfort . GEORGE ( anguish ) what kind of a man be 1 ? what kind of man would do a thing like that ? doris May I say something ? GEORGE look , I appreciate what you be try to do but nothing you can say will make I feel any better . doris I be not try to make you feel any better . I be go to have a baby . GEORGE I know that . doris I mean now . I have a history of short labor . he look at she for a moment and then shake he head in a firmly negative gesture , indicate " no -- this be not go to happen to he , " back away to a far wall , try to ward off the unthinkable . continued voh # 00355 72 58 continued - 8 58 GEORGE oh -- no . oh , no ! a new labor cramp hit she and he watch she , transfix , as she try to weather the pain . GEORGE ( anxiously ) how do you feel ? doris ( a trifle weakly ) like -- like I be go to have a baby . GEORGE ( desperately ) maybe it 's a false alarm . it have to be a false alarm . doris honey , try and get a hold of you - self . get on the phone and find out where the nearest hospital be . GEORGE Hospital ? you want to go to a hospital ? doris George , like it or not , I be go to have a baby . GEORGE but we be not marry .... she just stare at he . GEORGE I mean , it 's go to look -- odd . she get up , head for the bathroom . doris get on the phone , George . GEORGE where be you go ? doris the bathroom . continued voh 58 59 60 #00355 73 continued - 9 58 GEORGE why ? doris no time to answer ! she exit to bathroom . he quickly move to telephone , frantically jiggle receiver bar . GEORGE ( into phone ) hello , Mr. Chalmers ? George . can you tell I where the nearest hos ~ pital be ? -- well , it 's my -- my wife . something unexpected come up . she get pregnant and now she 's go to have the baby . ( with alarm ) that far ? oh , my God ! get then on the phone for I , will you ? he cover receiver with hand , call out : GEORGE be you okay , doris ? ( no answer ) doris ? panicky , he put phone down and , with trepidation , move to outside the bathroom door . GEORGE ( cont would ) doris -- answer I !! int . bathroom - cottage - inn - night 59 ( x ) Mirror reflection . doris half - bent over sink , bead of per - spiration on she forehead , panic in she eye , obviously in some pain . note : bathroom now have a shower . doris I be -~ I be busy ! int . cottage - inn - night 60 ( x ) GEORGE oh Jesus ! he race back to phone , pick it up . continued voh 60 #00355 74 continued 60 GEORGE ( cont would ) yes , yes -- hello . he get a grip on himself , force himself to speak in a weli - modulate , too calm voice . he put out : GEORGE ( into phone ) hello , I be stay at the Sea shadows Inn just outside mendocino . I be in my room and I hear this groan sound from the next room . well , I knock on the door and find this lady -- whom I would never see before in my life -- in labor and -- do you have to know that ? -- okay , George Peterson -- well , I do not time it exactly , but about three of four minute apart , I think -- hold on . hand over receiver and he voice change as he call GEORGE doris , who 's you doctor ? doris ( o0.s . ) Joseph harrington . oakland 555-7878 . GEORGE ( into phone} Joseph harrington , oakland 555-7878 -- yes , I have a car and I would be happy to drive she there -- right , right -- uh , could you answer one question ? would -- uh -- erotic contact during the last stage of pregnancy be the cause of premature -- no reason , I just wonder -- right , I will get she there . he hang up , move towards bathroom , somewhat more in control now . GEORGE they be phone you doctor . he will meet we there at the hospital . doris appear in the doorway of the bathroom , a strange look on she face . she have take she skirt off and top and slip . be now in she continued voh 60 #00355 75 continued -— 2 60 doris we be not go to make it to the hospital . my water just break . the blood drain from he face . GEORGE oh , my God . he slowly double over and clutches he stomach -- almost as if he be have labor pain . she move towards the bed , half sit , half lie on it . doris we be go to have to find a doctor in the area . this snap he out of he sympathetic pain . GEORGE what if we can not ? she turn to look at he . doris you look awful . you be not go to faint be you ? GEORGE {in total shock ) doris , I be not a cab driver ! I do not know how to deliver baby ! doris George , this be no time to start act like Butterfly mcqueen . get the nearest doctor on the phone . she climb under the blanket as he race for the phone . GEORGE ( into phone} Mr. Chalmers ? George . who 's the nearest doctor ? get he on the phone ! fast ! this be a emergency ! doris have go into another labor spasm . phone still in hand , he sit on bed and grab she hand . GEORGE it 's okay -- hold on . hold on , doris . hold on . there -- there -- hold on . you okay ? continued voh 60 #00355 76 continued - 3 60 doris ( weakly ) this will teach you to fool around -- with a marry woman . in a automatic , reflex action he put the receiver against he chest as if someone will overhear . then as she knee come up under the bedcover he wave he hand to get she to put they down again ; panic-stricken that this will bring on the birth . she comply . GEORGE hold on , doris . you be go to be okay . everything -- ( into phone ) yes ? he stand up , very agitate . GEORGE his answer service ! you do not understand . she 's in the last stage of labor ! he hold the receiver with both hand in vertical position in front of he face and yell slowly and distinctly into the phone : GEORGE well , get in you car and drive down to the goddamn pier and get ( x ) he ! just -- get -- he !! he hang up and move unsteadily to sit on a hassock near the bed , hold he stomach , bend over and resume he labor pain . GEORGE it 's okay -- he 's on he boat -- ( xx ) but it 's just down the road . Chalmers be get he . doris suddenly sit up , a look of total panic in she eye and moan . GEORGE what ?! doris I -- I ~- can feel the baby ! he turn he head to look at she , continued ej # 00755 77 60 continued - 4 60 George stare at she for a moment , then stand , move over to she , point he finger in the general area of she pelvis , and speak as if firmly commanding a dog . GEORGE nott ! he then proceed to back away . doris George , I be scared ! on the other side of the room , he ineffectually wave both hand in a gesture to get she to lie back . GEORGE lean back and -- relax . doris George , do something ! he stare at she , absorb the situation , and we see a definite transformation take place as he realize he be go to have to rise to the occasion . he start to roll up he sleeve . GEORGE I will be right back . he quickly exit to bathroom . doris ( scream ) George , do not leave I ! GEORGE ( o.s. ) I be here , I be right here . hold on , baby . doris George ! he reappear with a pile of towel . GEORGE it 's okay . I be here , honey . ne start to lay towel out on bed . doris what -- be that -- for ? continued cj 60 61 62 63 #00355 78 continued - 5 60 GEORGE honey , we be go to have a baby . doris we? GEORGE right . but I be go to need you help . he take she hand , look into she eye . GEORGE give I you hand . look into my eye . you be go to be fine . there 's nothing to worry about , we be together . you think I play the piano well ? wait ' till you see the way I deliver baby . as he start to minister to she , we --- dissolve to montage # 3 ( 1961 - 66 ) 61 some suggestion : Space shot , Cuban missile crisis ( President Kennedy speech ) , Academy Award acceptance speech , Martin luther King -- " I have a dream " speech -- March on Washington , peanut cartoon , multiple screen of mickey mantle , Arnold palmer , Rod laver , Sandy koufax , perry como -- " dream along with I , " President Kennedy 's assassination , funeral , the Beatles . ext . inn parking area - front entrance - day 62 George 's mercede pull into the parking area . he get out , ( X ) carry a suitcase and enter the cottage . int , inn cottage ~ day 63 George be unpack he Mark Cross suitcase . thinner than the last time we be he , he be wear a ‘expensive , con - servative suit , he hair be gray and be wear unfashionably short . a bald spot be beginning to make inroad on the crown of he head . his manner be more subdued than before and he took and act older than he year . continued ej 63 #00355 79 continued 63 he take a bottle of chive ; regal out of the case 's which he take to the tray on the piano and pour himself a drink . drink in hand , he cross to the dress table and take he comb , key and a prescription bottle of tranquilizers out of he pocket and place they on the table . the front door open and doris burst into the room . she be wear jeans , turtleneck sweater , indian necklace , headband , long hair and sandal . she be carry a decal - decorate duffel bag . doris hey , man -- what do ya say ? George , take aback by she appearance , watch as she throw she duffel bag in the corner , throw herself in he arm , give he a lusty kiss . she then back off , regards he for a moment . doris so -- you wanta fuck ? he take a astonished moment to absorb this . GEORGE ( finally ) what ? doris ( grin ) you do not understand the question ? GEORGE of course I do . I just think it 's a damned odd way to start a conversation . she flop on the bed , watch he as he finish unpack through follow . doris yeah ? I think it would be a great little ice breaker . be not you horny after you long flight ? GEORGE I do not fly . I drive . doris from Connecticut ? GEORGE from Los Angeles . we move to beverly Hills about six month ago . continued cj 63 #00355 80 continued - 2 63 doris how come ? GEORGE oh , a number of reason . ( he shrug ) I get feed up stand knee - deep in snow try to scrape the ice off my windshield with a credit card . besides , there be a lot of people out here with a lot of money who do not know what to do with it . bdoris and you tell they ? he manage to yank he eye away from ( to he ) doris 's bizarre appearance and resume hang up he clothes . GEORGE I be what they call a Business manager . doris thing go okay ? GEORGE I can not complain . why ? doris , you look kinda shitty . he look at she . doris be you all right ? GEORGE when do you start dress like a indian ? you look like a refugee from the sunset Strip . doris T go back to school . Berkeley . GEORGE ( puzzle ) why ? continued # 00355 81 continued - 3 63 doris ( grin ) you mean what do I want to be when I grow up ? GEORGE well , you have to admit , it 's a bit odd become a school girl at you age . doris listen , you think it 's easy be the only one in the class with clear skin ? she get off the bed , move to get something from she duffel bag . GEORGE what make you do it ? doris it be a dinner party that finally push I into it . Harry 's boss invite we over for dinner and I just freak . GEORGE why ? she sit cross -legge on one of the chair . doris I would spend so much time with the kid I do not know if I be capable of carry on a intelligent con - versation with anyone over the age of five . anyway , I go and be seat next to the boss . well , I surprised myself . he talk -- then I talk --~ you know , just like a real conversation , every - thing be cool until I notice he look at I in a weird way . continued np 63 #00355 continued - 4 82 63 doris ( cont would ) I look down at he plate and realize that all the time we would be talk , I would be cut up he meat for he . that 's when I decide I would better get out of the house . GEORGE rut why school ? she get up , move to look out of window . doris it 's hard to explain . I feel rest - less and undirected and I think a education might give I some answer . GEORGE what sort of answer ? doris ( shrug ) to find out where it 's really at . GEORGE Jesus . doris what 's the matter ? GEORGE that expression . doris okay . to find out who the hell I be . GEORGE you do not get that sort of answer from the classroom . doris I be not in the classroom all the time . the protest and demon - stration be a learn experience in themselves . GEORGE protest against what ? continued hb 63 64 #00355 83 continued - 5 63 doris the war , of course . do not you hear about it ? it be in all the papers . GEORGE ( curtly , turn away ) demonstration be not go to stop the war . doris you have a better idea ? GEORGE look , I do not come up here to discuss politics . doris well , so far you have turn down sex and politics . you want to try religion ? GEORGE I think I will try a librium . she watch he with a worried expression as he take out pill . downs it with a gulp of water . int . inn dine room - night 64 the room be much the same , but the complexion of the crowd have change . por the first time , we see a couple of black family in the room . the dress code have be relaxed and we see man with open collar and long hair . a waiter lead ( x ) we over to George and doris , where he present the check . doris study George as he look at check . ( x ) doris George , why be you so uptight ? GEORGE that 's another expression I hate . doris uptight ? continued hb 64 #00355 continued 84 64 GEORGE there 's no such word . doris you remind I of when I be nine year old and I ask my mother what ' fuck ' mean . know what she say ? ' there 's no such word , ' he glance around to see if anyone have overhead she , look back at she . GEORGE and now you have find out there be , you feel compel to use it in every other sentence ? doris George , what 's bugging you ? GEORGE bugging I ? I will tell you what 's ' bugging ' I . he lean forward , speak in a low , intense voice . GEORGE the black be burn down the city , there 's a Harvard professor tell my kid the only way to happiness be to become doped up zomby , and I have a teen - age son with hair so long that from the back he look exactly like yvonne de Carlo . doris that 's a sign of age , George . GEORGE what be ? doris be worried about the decline morality of the young . ( a slight shrug ) besides , there 's nothing you can do about it . continued ss 64 #00355 85 ( X ) continued - 2 64 GEORGE we could start by set some example . she raise she eyebrow , give he a amused look , but he miss the irony of he statement , sign check . doris ( amused ) when you be young I do not remember you as be exactly a monk about that sort of thing . GEORGE that be different . we relation - ship be not base upon a casual one - night stand . doris ( affectionately ) no , it 's be fifteen one - night stand . GEORGE it 's not the same . we have share thing . my God , I help deliver you child , remember ? doris remember ? I think of it as we finest hour . she reach across table , squeeze he hand . for a moment he be catch up in the tenderness of the moment . they get up , start to walk toward the foyer . GEORGE how be she ? she look at he , grin . doris oh , very healthy , very noisy , very spoiled . GEORGE you do not feel guilty about leave she alone while you be at school ? continued ss 64 65 #00355 86 ( x ) continued - 3 64 doris Harry 's home a lot . the insurance business have not be too good lately . they pass the front desk . Mr. Chalmers look up as they exit . ext . cottage - front entrance - night 65 doris and George be walk down the road that lead to the cottage . GEORGE how do Harry feel about all this ? doris when I tell he I want to go back to school because I want some identity , he say ' you want identity ? go build a bridge . invent penicillin but get off my back ! " GEORGE ( seriously ) I always say Harry have a good head on he shoulder , they reach the front entrance to the cottage . doris George , that be suppose to be the bad story about he ! he do not answer , but open door . doris how 's helen ? he look at she for a split second . GEORGE helen 's fine . just. fine . they enter cottage . ss 6b #00355 87 int . inn cottage - nlgiit bo he dump book bag . she close door , lean against it . doris tell I a story that show how really rotten she can be . surprise , he turn to look at she . GEORGE that 's not like you . she shrug , move into room . doris ' we seem to need something to bring we closer together . maybe a really lousy story about helen will make you appreciate I more . this finally get a small smile from George . GEORGE ( sit ) okay . she drop cross -legge to the floor near he expectantly . GEORGE as you know , she have this funny sense of humor . doris by funny , I take it you mean peculiar ? GEORGE right . and it come out at the most inappropriate time . I have sign this client -- very proper , very old money . helen and I be invite out to he house for cock - tail to get acquainted with he and he wife . foot , wait continued np 66 #00355 continued she look 88 66 GEORGE ( cont would ) well , it be all pretty awkward but we manage to get through the drink all right . then as we go to leave , instead of walk out the front door , I walk into the hall closet . now that be not so bad -~ I mean , anybody can do that . the mistake I make be I stay in there . at he for a moment , bewilder . doris you stay in the closet ? GEORGE I be not sure if they would see I go in . I guess I figure I would stay there until they would go away . okay , I admit , I do not think thing through . I be in there for about a minute before I realize I would -- well , misjudge the situation . when I come out , the three of they be just stare at I . all right , it be a embarrassing situation but I probably could have carry if off . except for what helen do . you know what she do ? doris what ? GEORGE she peed on the carpet . she stare at he for a moment . doris she do what ? GEORGE oh , not right away . first , she start to laugh . her face be all screw up and she hold she side and tear start to roll down she face . then she peed all over they Persian carpet . continued sl 66 #00355 continued 89 - 2 66 doris , who have be have trouble keep a straight face , now start to bubble with laughter . he look at she , unamuse . he stare doris ( through she laughter ) what do you say ? GEORGE I say ' you will have to excuse my wife . ever since she last preg - nancy , she 's have a problem . ' then I offer to have the rug clean . doris do that help ? GEORGE they say it be not necessary . they have a may . at doris who , now helpless with laughter , be pound - ing the floor . GEORGE you think this be funny ? doris manage to regain control . she look doris I have be meaning to tell you this for year -- I just love helen . GEORGE ( irritate ) would she come off any worse if I tell you I lose the account ? at he for a moment , get up . doris George , when do you get so stuffy ? GEORGE stuffy ? be I stuffy because I do not like my wife to urinate on my client 's carpet ? doris I do not mean just that , but -- well -- continued sl 66 #00355 90 continued - 3 66 doris ( cont would ) ( she gesture at he ) look at you . I mean ~~ you scream establishment . George get up . GEORGE J be not a faddist . he take off jacket , move to hang it up . doris what do you mean ? he move to pour himself a drink . GEORGE I have no desire to be like that middle - age idiot with bell bot - tom trousers and Prince valiant haircut who go around say ' ciao . ' doris I be not talk about fashion . ft be talk about you attitude . GEORGE my attitude be the same as they always be . I have not change at all . doris yes , you have . you use to be crazy and -- and insecure and a terrible liar and -- human . now you seem so sure of yourself . he look at she . GEORGE that 's the last thing I be . she be surprised by he admission . doris oh ? GEORGE I pick up one of helen 's magazine the other day and there be this continued sl 66 #00355 continued she move she whip 91 - 4 66 GEORGE ( cont would ) article tell woman what sort of orgasm they should have . it be call ' the Big 0 ... ' ( he sit on the edge of the bed ) you know what really get to I ? this be a magazine my mother use to buy for its fruit cake recipe . doris the time they be a change , darling . GEORGE ( troubled ) too fast , too fast . {almost to himself ) I do not know , twenty - thirty year ago we have standard -- all right , maybe they be black and white , but they be standard . ( he shake head ) today -- it 's so confusing . doris well , at least that 's a step in the right direction . to he , kiss he affectionately . GEORGE when do I suddenly become so appeal ? doris when you go from pompous to con - fuse ... so what 's you pleasure ? a good book , a walk by the ocean or I ? GEORGE you . doris gee , I think you would never ask . she top off over she head and be now stand in front of he bare from the waist up . he stare at she . continued sl 66 #00355 92 continued - 5 66 doris what be it ? GEORGE doris -- you be not wear a bra ! she giggle , throw herself on top of he . doris ch George , you be so forty . he have fall back on the bed and she be lie on top of he . she start to nibble on he ear . GEORGE ( become passionate ) I happen to be a old - fashioned man . doris the next thing you will be tell I you vote for goldwater . GEORGE I do . she raise she head to look at he . doris you be put I on . GEORGE of course not . without another word , she get up , pick up she top , march to the other side of the room and start to put it on . GEORGE ( bewilder ) what be you do ? doris ( furious ) if you think I be go to bed with any son of a bitch who vote for goldwater , you be crazy ! GEORGE doris , you can not do this to I ! not now ! doris ( incredulous ) how could you vote for a man like that ? continued sl 66 #00355 93 continued - 6 66 GEORGE could we discuss this later ? doris no , we will discuss it now ! why ? GEORGE ( frustrated ) because I have a son who want to be a rock musician ! doris what kind of reason be that ? GEORGE the best reason I can come up with in my condition . doris well , you be go to have to do a lot better . he stand up . GEORGE okay , he be go to end the war ! doris by destroy the whole country . GEORGE he never say that . that 's the trouble with you people . you never listen . doris it 's a civil war . we have no right be there in the first place . George have hear it all before . his attitude be now one of weary cynicism . GEORGE oh , I be sick of hearing all that liberal crap . we have get the bomb . why do not we use it . she stare at he , unable to believe she own ear . doris be you serious ? continued sl 66 #00355 continued 94 - 7 66 GEORGE ( quietly bitter ) yes , I be serious . wipe the son of bitch off the face of the earth . he move to pour himself a drink . she be stare at he . he really doris hy God , I do not know anything about you . what kind of man be you ? GEORGE right now -- very frustrated . doris all this time I think I be go to bed with a liberal Democrat . you tell I you work for stevenson . GEORGE ( wearily ) that be year ago . doris what change you ? what happen to you ? GEORGE I grow up . doris yeah , well in my opinion , you do not turn out too well . do not want to talk about it . GEORGE ( tightly ) look , let 's forget it , huh ? doris forget it ? how can I forget it ? I mean be stuffy and -- and old - fashioned be one thing , but be a fascist be another . GEORGE ( flaring ) I be not a fascist ! continued sl 66 #00355 95 continued - 8 66 doris you be advocate mass murder ! GEORGE ntry to control himself ) doris -~ drop it , okay ! just -- drop it ! doris how could you do this to I ? why , you stand for everything I be against ! GEORGE then maybe you be against the wrong thing ! doris you use to believe in the same thing I do . GEORGE I change ! doris why ? GEORGE because Michael be kill ! there be a long pause as she stand , transfix , try to absorb this . doris ( finally , almost a whisper ) oh -- dear god. how ? GEORGE ( quietly , calmly ) he be try to get a wounded man onto a Red Cross helicopter and a sniper kill he . he move to look out of the window . doris ( finally ) when ? continued sl 66 67 68 #00355 96 continued = 9 66 GEORGE ( {dispassionately ) we hear at a July fourth party . helen go completely to piece . I think I be in shock and it would hit I later . it never do ... the only thing I have be able to feel be blind anger . I do not shed a tear . be not that something ? he be my son , I love he , but -- for the life of I -- I can not seem to cry over he . there be a pause . he look at she . GEORGE ( finally ) deris , I be : sorry about -- everything lately I have be a bit on edge and -- nstart to lose control ) it just seem to be one damn thing ~- after --- he painfully start to sob . 's doris move to he , cradle he in she arm and he bury he head in she chest . we hold on they for a long moment before we hear the music of " the Age of Aquarius , " at first softly and then building in volume . dissolve to montage # 4 ( 1966 - 72 ) 67 some suggestion : rock concert -- '' Age of Aquarius , " Vietnam War footage , lyndon Johnson show scar , Bob hope -- Vietnam troop show , anti War protest -- Berkeley , Robert Kennedy cam - paign speech , Haight asbury , Detroit riot , Joan baez , Eugene mccarthy -- New Hampshire primary , screen fill with political button , fast succession of bumper sticker , 1968 Democratic Convention -- inside and out , laugh - in , Joe namath -- super - bowl , woodstock , Moon walk , tiny Tim , Simon and garfunkel . int . inn cottage - day 68 a day in February , 1972 . doris and George be sit up in bed . she be wear read glass and be do the crossword puzzle . he be not wear glass but be have to hold he section of the newspaper away from he so that he can read . continued sl 68 #00355 97 continued 68 he be bare chest , he hair be much longer and grayer and he manner reflect a slightly . self - conscious inner serenity . possibly he be wear a mustache or a short beard .. doris be wear a attractive kimono but during the scene will don clothes and . makeup that will project a image of expensive , good taste . after a moment or two she put paper down , look at he . he smile back at she . doris it 's amazing how good it can be after twenty - one year , be not it ? GEORGE honey , if you add up all the time we have actually make it together , we be still on we honeymoon . they exchange a content look . doris do I tell you I be a grandmother ? GEORGE ( grin ) no , but I think you pick a weird time to announce it . ( he pat she hand ) anyway , you be the youngest look - ~ ing grandmother I have ever have a peak experience with . she get out of bed , move to dress table . doris my mother thanks you , my father thanks you , my hairdresser thanks you and my plastic surgeon thanks you . she sit at dress table , peer into mirror , start to brush hair and apply makeup . doris when Harry say ' you be not the girl I marry ' he do not know how right he be . GEORGE do not Harry like you old nose ? doris Harry think this be my old nose . continued jr 68 #00355 98 continued - 2 68 GEORGE he never notice ? doris pathetic , be not it ? a new dress I could understand -- but a whole nose ? George get out of bed . he be wear color bikini brief , he move tc get clothes . GEORGE well , to be totally honest , I really can not see much of a differ - ence either . she study herself in mirror as he put on blue denim jeans . we see there be a butterfly on the seat . doris I do not care . it 's different from my side . make I feel more attractive . GEORGE why do you feel you need a valida - tion of you attractiveness ? doris ( a slight shrug ) a woman start feel a little insecure when she get to be forty - four . GEORGE forty-five . doris see what I mean ? anyway , that 's this year 's bad story about Harry . get one about helen ? during the follow , George complete put on a neck pendant , denim work jacket and sandal . GEORGE there be a loud party next door . helen could not sleep and she do not want to take a sleep pill because she have to get up at six the next morning . continued jr 68 #00355 99 continued - 3 68 he grin , the phone it . she hang she move GEORGE ( cont would ) so she stuff two pill in she ear . during the night they melt . the next morning as the doctor be digging the stuff out of she ear he say ' you know , this can be take orally . ' sit on bed . GEORGE helen just laugh . she do not care . doris if that 's the worst story you can tell about you wife you must be a very happy man . GEORGE well , let 's say I have discover the potential for happiness . ring . he watch as doris quickly move to answer doris ( into phone ) hello , ( just a hint of disappointment ) oh , hi , Liz -- no , it 's sixty -- not sixteen guest -~ that 's right , a brunch . we have cater a couple of party for she before . no problem . she set up table around the pool and there 's room for the buffet on the patio . right . oh Liz , do Harry call ? okay , I will be at this number . up . doris sorry , busy weekend . I have to leave a number . GEORGE do Harry know you be here ? back to dress table . doris no , he still think I go on retreat . do not worry . continued jr # 00355 100 68 continued - 4 68 she continue to apply makeup during follow . GEORGE I be not worried . doris then why be you frown ? GEORGE because I be get bad vibe again . doris nlook at he ) again ? GEORGE when you first walk in , I pick up on you high tension level . then after we make love I sense a certain anxiety reduction but now I be get a definite negative feedback . doris when do you go into analysis ? GEORGE ( surprised ) how do you know I be in analysis ? doris ( dryly ) just a wild guess . she move to get some loung pajamas from she suitcase . '' doris what make you start ? GEORGE ( shrug ) my value system change . she exit with clothes to bathroom . he move to bathroom door . 69 int . inn cottage bathroom —- day 69 George lean against door frame watch doris change . GEORGE one day I take a look at my $ 150,000 house , the three car in the garage , continued jy 69 #00355 continued 101 69 GEORGE ( cont would ) the swim pool , and the garden — er and I think ~- ' why ? ' I mean , do I want the whole status trip . so -- I decide to try and find out what I do want and who I be . doris so you go from alalysis to esalen to gestalt to transactional to encounter group to nirvana . GEORGE ( reasonably ) doris , just because some people be try to widen they emotional horizon do not make the experience any less valid . I have learn a lot . doris I have notice . for one thing , you learn to talk as if you be reason with someone about to jump off a high ledge . she be now dress in very chic loung pajamas . she present she back to be zipped up . she give GEORGE okay -- okay . I know I tend to overcompensate for my emotionalism and sometimes there 's a certain loss of spontaneity . I be work on that . doris ( teasing ) I be glad to hear it . what else have you learn ? GEORGE ( simply ) that behind the wall I have build around myself I be a warm , caring , loving human be . doris I could have tell you that twenty year ago . he a affectionate pat on the cheek , and move into live room . he follow . ss 70 #00355 102 int . inn cottage - day 70 doris cross to sofa , open brief case , take out a number of papers during follow . doris tell I , how 's helen reacting to you ' voyage of self - discovery . ' GEORGE at first she tend to overreact . he sit on piano bench . doris in what way ? GEORGE she throw a grapefruit at I in the a and P. he start to softly play a old standard like " keeping out of mischief now " on the piano and continue until indicate . GEORGE it be natural that we would have some interpersonal conflict to work through but now it 's cool . she 's into pottery . doris but how do you make a live ? GEORGE we live very simply , doris -- we do not need much . what bread we do need I can provide by simple honest labor . doris like what ? GEORGE I play cocktail piano in a singles bar in the Valley . she look at he but before she can comment , the phone ring . she cross to phone , look at George , he stop play , and she pick up the receiver . doris ( into phone ) hello ~- yes , Liz ? -- no way . tell he that 's we final offer -- continued ss 5 0 #00355 continued she hang he start she move 103 70 doris ( cont would ) I do not care how good a location it be -- that 's bull , Liz , he need us more than we need he . if he do not like it he can shove it but do not worry -- he will not . anv - thing else ? okay , you know where to reach I . up . doris I be buy another store . play again . GEORGE why ? doris money . GEORGE be that why you go into business ? to make money ? back to sofa , resume work . doris no , I want power , too . and it finally penetrate my thick skull that attend c.r. group with ten other frustrated housewive be not go to change anything . GEORGE c.r. group ? doris consciousness raise . I take it you be for woman 's Liberation ? GEORGE hey , I be for any kind of liberation . doris that 's a cop out and you know it . woman have always be exploit by man . he stop play , get up . continued ss 70 #00355 104 continued - 2 70 she look GEORGE we have all be shaft , doris , and by the same thing ... look , let I lay this on you . I go to a woman doctor . the first time she give mé a rectal examination she say " be I hurt you or be you tense ? ' I say ' I be tense . ' she say ' be you tense because I be a woman ? ' and I say ' no , I get tense when anybody do that to I ... ' ( he sit ) you see what I mean ? doris I do not know but I do know that the only time a woman be take seriously in this country be when she have the money to back up she mouth . GEORGE listen , I think it 's great to have a hobby . at he , incredulous . doris hobby ? we gross over half a million dollar the first year . GEORGE honey , do not misunderstand I . if that 's what you want , I be very happy for you . ( a slight shrug ) it 's just that I be not into the money thing any more . she regards he for a moment . doris ( lightly ) George , do you ever get the feel we be drift apart ? GEORGE ( sincerely ) no . in many way I have never feel closer to you . continued ss 70 #00355 continued - 3 she take 105 70 doris I do not know , sometimes I think we life be get -- out of sync . GEORGE we all realize we potential in different way at different time . the important thing be -- do what you be do give you a sense of fulfillment . doris well , I be work on it . GEORGE and you have everything you want ? doris {too casually ) with one minor exception . some - where along the way , I seem to have lest my husband . GEORGE lose he ? doris well , I do not know if I have lose he or simply misplace he . he walk out of the house four day ago and I have not hear from he since . GEORGE how do you feel about that ? off she glass , look at he . doris George , do I a favor -- stop talk as though you be lead a human potential group . it really piss I off . GEORGE ( anperturb ) that 's cool . doris what 's cool ? continued # 00355 106 continued - 4 70 he get up , move towards she . GEORGE for you to transfer you feeling of aggression and hostility from Harry to I . as long as you know that 's what you be do . doris you know something , George ? you be beginning to get on my nerve . GEORGE that 's cool , too . doris Jesus . GEORGE I mean it . at least it 's honest . total honesty be the key to every - thing . doris oh really ? and be you be totally honest with helen ? GEORGE I be try . doris have you tell she about we ? GEORGE no , but I could . - ( see she disbely expression ) really , I think that today she 's mature enough to handle it . doris George , you be full of shit . he consider this for a long moment . GEORGE ( soberly ) I can buy that -- ( a pause as he think it out ) -- if you be be totally honest . continued jy # 00355 107 70 continued - 5 70 doris believe I , I be be honest ! GEORGE well , at least it 's a start . but what about that other garbage ? ' I do not know if it lose he or simply misplace he . " I mean , what sort of erap be that ? she look at he for a moment , put papers and glass on coffee table . doris okay , you have a point . GEORGE so how do you feel about all this ? doris you be do it again , George .... he do not say anything . doris okay , I think --- GEORGE no , do not tell I how you think . tell I how you feel . doris like I have be kick in the stomach , GEORGE what else ? doris angry , hurt , betrayed and -- okay , a little guilty . but you know something ? I resent the fact that he 's make I feel guilty . GEORGE why do you feel resentment ? doris ( angrily ) look , I do not marry Harry because he have a good head for business ! continued a voh 70 #00355 108 continued - 6 doris ( cont would ) okay , it so happen that I dis - cover I do . or maybe I be just lucky -- I do not know . the point be , I do not love Harry any less because he 's a failure as a provider . why should he love I any less because I be a success ? GEORGE have you tell he you still love he ? doris Love he ? why do he think I have be hang around for twenty ~ seven year ? George speak in he calm , reasonable voice . GEORGE be it so hard for you to tell he you understand how he feel ? doris right now -- it be , yes . GEORGE you want he back ? doris right at this moment I be not sure ido . ask I tomorrow and I will probably give you a different answer . GEORGE why ? doris ( simply ) tomorrow I will not have you . 70 ( xx ) ( x ) continued voh 70 #00355 109 continued - 7 70 GEORGE I be always with you in spirit . doris it 's not easy to put you cold foot on someone 's spirit . especially when they be four hundred mile away . she get up and move to look out of window . GEORGE be that a proposal , doris ? she turn to look at he . doris you interested ? GEORGE be you ? doris I have always think we would make a nice couple . GEORGE you do not answer the question . doris I be the one who propose ... ( a pause ) oh , do not look so panicky , George . I be only three quarter serious . he continue to look at she . GEORGE well , when you be completely serious why do not you ask I again . doris I bet you say that to all the girl . GEORGE no . continued jy 70 #00355 110 continued - 8 70 doris ( gently ) thanks . GEORGE and stop feel so insecure . she look at he , questioningly . GEORGE you be as feminine as you always be . she do not say anything for a moment . doris I know gloria steinem would hate I but I be glad you say that . she move to embrace he . doris I guess I be not as emancipate as I think I be . they grin at one another . GEORGE none of we be . doris you hungry ? GEORGE yes . doris well , you be a lucky man because tonight we dinner be be cater by the choicest most expensive french delicatess in San Francisco . GEORGE how would we swing that ? doris the owner have a thing about you . she move to the front door . continued on jr 70 71 72 #00355 lil continued - 9 70 doris it 's all in the trunk of my car . GEORGE you need any help ? doris yes . set the table , light the candle , and when I come back make I laugh . GEORGE I will try . doris that 's okay . if you can not make I laugh , just hold my hand . they look at one another tenderly for a moment and then she exit . George start to clear up the room when the phone ring . he hesitates for a moment , then pick up the receiver , GEORGE ( into phone ) hello -- no , she 's not here right now . who be this ? ( he face freeze ) Harry ? uh , hold -- hold for a moment . he hesitates , look at the receiver , try to make up he mind about something . ext . inn parking area - front entrance ~- day 71 doris approach the trunk of she 1970 jaguar sedan , start to unload a picnic basket . int . inn cottage - day 72 George be still stare at the receiver . he come to a decision . when he speak , it be ina confident , calm , reasonable voice , GEORGE ( into phone ) hello -- Harry , we be two adult , continued dy 72 #00355 continued 112 72 GEORGE ( cont would ) mature human being and I have decide to be totally honest with you -- no , doris be not here right now , but I would like to talk to you -- because I know you and doris have be have a rough time lately and -- we be very close friend . I have know doris for twenty year and through she I feel as if I know you -- well , we have be meeting this same weekend for twenty year -- the retreat ? well , we can get into that later , but first I want you to know something . she love you ~~ I just know , Harry -- look , maybe if I tell you a story she just tell I this morning it would help you understand . a few month ago doris be suppose to act as a de mother for you ten- year - old daughter and she indian guide group . well , she get hang up at the store and be two hour late get home . when she walk into the live . room she look into the live room and do you know what she see ? 's a rather overweight , bald , middle - age man with a feather on he head sit cross -legge on the floor very gravely and gently tell a circle of totally absorb little girl what it be like to bé in a World War ii japanese prison camp . she turn around , walk out , sit in she car and thankea God for be marry to 'a man like you ~~ are_you still there , Harry ? , well , sometimes marry people get into a emotional 's straitjacket and find it difficult to express how they truly feel about each other . total honesty be the key -- yes , I have know doris for twenty year and I be not ashamed to admit that it 's be one of the most intimate , satisfy experience of my life -~ my name ? he take about a three - second pause . continued 72 73 74 75 76 #00355 113 continued - 2 72 GEORGE ( into phone ) my name be Father Michael o'herlihy . montage # 5 ( 1972~77 ) 73 some suggestion : muhamud Ali -- spout poetry , johnny carson , " all in the family , " watergate hearing -- John Dean , helen reddy -- " I be woman , " elton John , Rolling Stones , carpenter , Nixon 's speech about haldeman -- erlichman resignation ( " two of the finest nublic servant etc. " ) , billy Jean King , Jimmy connor , Patty hearst , montreal Olympic , Carter ( or Ford ) inaugural speech . ext . ground - inn cottage - day 74 a misty day in February , 1977 . long shot 75 we see doris on the deck of the cottage , arrange some red ( xx ) rose in a vase . the vivid hue of the rose make a small splash of color against the mute tone of the misty day . as the camera move in closer on doris , we see that she be well dress but she clothes be softer , more traditionally feminine and less fashionable than the last time we see she . she take the vase and move back into cottage . int . inn cottage - day 76 doris put vase of flower on the piano , admire they for a moment , then check she wristwatch . she have trouble see it and have to hold it at arm 's length to find out the time . ( X ) ( x ) she take she purse and two book from the piano and move ( x ) to the dress table . she check she face in the mirror and then step back and critically survey she figure . she press she stomach in with she hand . she then suck in she stomach , try to hold it ina youthful posture . she give up , exhales breath , let stomach out . she turn as the front door onen and George enter . his hair have be trim to a '' conserva - tively long " length and he raincoat cover he comfortably rumple sport coat , pants and turtleneck sweater . they drink one another in for a moment before they meet in the center of the room and embrace affectionately . GEORGE you feel good . continued aj 76 #00355 114 continued 76 doris so do you . ( look at he concerned ) but you look tired . GEORGE ( grin ) " have look this way for year . you just have not notice . he take off raincoat and throw it over a chair , sit on arm of sofa . : GEORGE anyway , I feel better now I be here . this room 's always have that effect on I . doris I know what you mean . it never change , do it ? GEORGE about the only thing that do not . doris I find that comforting . GEORGE even old Chalmers be the same . he must be seventy - five by now . remem - ber when we first meet how even then we call he ' Old Chalmers ?... ' she nod . GEORGE he must have be the same age then that we be now . she smile and move to he . doris that I do not find comforting . GEORGE we be very young . continued ii 76 #00355 115 continued - 2 76 they gaze at one another for a moment . doris have we change much ? GEORGE of course . I grow up with you . remember the dumb lie I use to tell ? doris ( nod ) I miss they . GEORGE I do not . it be no fun be that insecure . doris and what about I ? have I grow up too ? GEORGE oh , I have the feel you be already grow up when I meet you . she smile , he put he hand on she waist . he grin , GEORGE why be it that every time I look at you I want to put my hand all over you ? doris ( nuzzling he ) that 's another thing that have not change . you always be a sex maniac . stand , and move to fireplace . GEORGE let 's see if I can get a fire go . she sit on sofa , pour coffee , as he light fire . GEORGE you know , I figure out with the cost of firewood today , it 's cheaper to buy furniture , break it up , and burn it . continued di 76 #00355 116 continued - 3 76 doris thing that tight ? GEORGE no , I be okay . I have be do some teach at u.c.l.a . doris Music ? GEORGE account . he stand , she hand hima cup of coffee . GEORGE with everything that 's be happen out there it seem figure be still the only thing that do not lie . ( as she pour herself coffee ) doris , why would you sell you business ? doris ( surprised ) how do you know that ? GEORGE I will tell you later . what make you do it ? doris I be buy out by a chain . ( a slight shrug ) it be the right offer at the right time . GEORGE but what do you do with yourself ? doris oh , read , watch tv , play a little golf , visit my grandchild . you know , all the jet~set stuff . GEORGE I think you love work . doris well , there be another factor . Harry have a heart attack . continued ii # 00355 117 76 continued - 4 76 doris ( cont would ) it turn out to be a mild one , but he need I to look after he -- ( she shrug ) so ... anyway , it 's not as if I be in permanent retirement . there 's a local election come up in a few month and I have be approach to run . GEORGE on what ticket ? doris independent . GEORGE figure . ( he sit ) Harry 's okay now ? doris run four mile a day and have a body like Mark spitz . ( drily ) unfortunately , he still have a face like Ernest borgnine 's . George get up , move to look out of window . GEORGE how be you and Harry -- emotionally ? doris comfortable . GEORGE comfortable ? doris oh , it 's not such a bad state . the word 's be give a bad reputation by the young . she get up , take he raincoat , hang it up . doris where 's you luggage ? still in the car ? GEORGE I do not bring any . I -- I can not stay , doris . continued di 76 #00355 118 continued - 5 76 doris ( puzzle ) why ? GEORGE look , I have a lot to say and a short time to say it , so I would better start now . she wait . he take a breath . GEORGE first of all , helen 's know about we for ten year . doris ( finally ) when do you find out ? GEORGE two month ago . doris she never confront you with it before ? GEORGE no . she slowly sit . doris what make she tell you now ? GEORGE she do not . we have a very close friend , connie -- have I mention she before ? doris shake she head . GEORGE connie tell I . ( he shake he head unbelievingly ) all that year and she never even hint she know . ( a beat ) I guess that 's the nicest story I have ever tell about she . continued di 76 #00355 119 continued - 6 76 doris you wife 's a amazing woman . GEORGE she pass away , doris . I lose she six month ago . it -- it be all very fast . she look at he uncomprehendingly for a moment before she stand and move away , she back to he . GEORGE I be sorry to blurt it out like that . I just could not think of a -- a graceful way to tell you . she nod , she back still to he GEORGE you okay , honey ? doris it 's so strange . I never meet helen , but ~- but I feel as if I have just lose my best friend . it 's -- crazy . she move to he , put she hand on he cheek . doris be the kid okay ? GEORGE they will survive . I do not think I could have get through the whole thing without they . doris I wish you would try to reach I . GEORGE I do . that 's when I find out you would sell the store . I call and they give I you home number . I let the phone ring four time , then I hang up . but it make I feel better know you be there if I need you . doris I wish you would speak to I . continued ii 76 #00355 120 continued ~- 7 76 GEORGE I do not want to intrude . TI do not feel I have the right . she look at he , very move . doris my God , that 's terrible . we should have be together . he move to sofa , pour they a second cup of coffee during follow . GEORGE I have be think about we a lot lately . everything we have be through together . the thing we have share . the time we have help each other . do you know we have make love a hundred and thirteen time ? I figure it out on my bomar calculator . he pour cream . GEORGE it 's a wonderful thing to know someone that well . you know , there be nothing about you I do not know . ( hold up sugar cube ) it 's two sugar , right ? doris no , one . GEORGE okay , so I do not know everything about you . ( think ) I do not know who you favorite movie star be and I could not remember the name of you favorite perfume . I wrack my brain but I could not remember . she give he a small smile . doris that 's funny . it 's " my Sin . '' continued ii 76 #00355 i2i continued - 8 GEORGE but I do know that in twenty - six year I have never be out of love with you . I find that incredible . ( he look at she ) so what do you say , doris , you want to get marry ? doris ( lightly ) married ? we should not even be do this . GEORGE I be serious . she study he for a moment . doris you really be , be not you . ; GEORGE what do you think I be -- just another summer romance ? she do not say anything . GEORGE a simple ' yes ' will do . doris ( gently ) there 's no such thing , my love . he notice she expression . GEORGE what be it ? doris I be just think of how many time I have dream of you ask mé this . it 's pull I through a lot of bad time . I want to thank you for that . GEORGE what do you say to I all that time ? doris I always say ' yes , ' continued ao qj 76 #00355 continued she look 122 - 9 76 GEORGE then why be you hesitate now ? ( a beat ) do you realize I be give you the opportunity to marry a man who have know you for twenty - six year and can not walk by you without want to grab you ass ? doris ( affectionately ) you always be a sweet talker . GEORGE will you marry I ? ( X ) at he for a moment , move away . doris ( finally ) I can not . GEORGE why not ? doris I be already marry . GEORGE you feel you have to stay because he need you ? doris no , it 's a lot of thing . affection , respect , a sense of continuity . we share the same memory . it 's -- ( a slight shrug ) ~- comfortable . maybe that 's what marriage be all about in the end -- I do not know . there be a short pause . GEORGE goddammit ! continued ii # 00355 123 76 continued - 10 76 GEORGE ( cont would ) ( pace up and down ) I be the one who get you back together six year ago ! why do I do a stupid thing like that ? I mean why be I so damned generous ! doris because you feel the same way about helen then as I do about Harry now . GEORGE what 's that get to do with anything ?! doris if I have not go back to Harry , you might have be stick with I permanently and you be terrify . he look at she , manage a sheepish grin . GEORGE you could always see through I , could not you ? doris that 's okay . I always like what I see . GEORGE well , I want you now . doris you can still have I once a year . same time , same place . he look at she for a moment . GEORGE ( awkwardly , sincerely ) doris , I need a wife . I be just not the kind of man who can live alone . I want you to marry I , but when I come here I know there be a chance you would say ' no . ' he continue to talk quickly without a break . continued hb 76 #00355 124 continued ~ 11 76 GEORGE what I be try to say be -- without you , I will probably end up with connie . she know -- all about you . the point be , she 's not the sort of woman who would accept the situation . I suppose what I be say be that we will never see cach other again . he move to take she hand , see that she be tremble . GEORGE doris , for God 's sake -- marry I ! doris ( finally ; tear ) I -- I can not . he move away , turn to look at she . GEORGE I wish I could think of something that would break you heart , make you burst into tear , and come away with I . doris ( shaky ) you know we italian . [ irish ] we never cry . he make a gesture of helplessness . GEORGE yeah -- well , I have to catch a plane . what time be it ? she look at she wristwatch but due to the combination of misty eye and bad eyesight , she can not read it . she hold out she arm . he move to she , take she wrist , look at watch . GEORGE ( puzzle ) five fifty - five , doris no , it 's only two -thirty . I always keep my watch three hour and twenty - five minute fast . GEORGE ( puzzle ) how long have you be do that ? continued hb 76 77 #00355 125 continued - 12 76 doris twenty - odd year . GEORGE why would anyone want to do a thing like that ? doris personal idiosyncrasy . there be a awkward pause as they stare at one another . GEORGE yeah ~- well --- they embrace , clumsily and awkwardly , almost like two stranger . they break and he move halfway to the door , turn . GEORGE who be you favorite movie star ? doris lon mcallister , cary grant , marlon brando and laurence olivier . GEORGE you have come a long way . doris we both have . he move to door , open it , turn . GEORGE always keep you watch three hour and twenty - five minute fast , huh . she nod . he make a half - form gesture of bewilderment . GEORGE I can not believe this be happen to we . he exit , shutting the door behind he . doris stand for a moment , try to absorb the shock of he departure . then , trancelike , she get she suitcase from the closet , put it on the sofa and start to pack , but stop to look lovingly around the room , drink in the memory . memory flash 77 brief , almost subliminal . the first morning . doris in bed , continued sp 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 #00355 126 continued George in he short . back in the present she move to , touch the spot on the wall where the hair - brush she throw hit . memory flash George turn to look at she after she have throw the hair - brush . back in the present she move slowly to look out of the french window . memory flash George and the very pregnant doris stand on the bridge span the duck pond . back in the present she move back into the room and gently touch the rose , still lose in she memory . memory flash her embrace George when he be weep over the loss of he son . back in the present we see that doris ' eye be fill with tear . memory flash doris and George in bed , read the newspaper . back in the present we see that doris be openly weep . continued ' 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 jr 86 87 88 #00355 127 continued 86 she throw herself on the bed but turn and look as the | front door crash open and George enter carry he suit - case . GEORGE okay , I be back , goddamnit ! he throw he suitcase on the floor . doris ( astound ) but -~ but what about connie ? GEORGE connie 's eighty - seven year old !! she stare at he , speechless , as he throw he raincoat and hat down through follow : GEORGE look , I want you to marry I and I figure if you think someone else want I , I might stand a better chance -- okay , maybe I do not think it through . I be desperate , okay ? she start to laugh . he turn to look at she . GEORGE look , for once in my life I want a happy end . listen , I do not want to talk about it any more ! I be back and I be go to keep come back every year until we bone be too brittle to risk contact ! she move blindly into he arm and they cling to each other tightly for a few long moment as we ; slowly dissolve ext . deck - cottage - inn - day - mo . long shot 87 George and doris , they arm around each other , come out onto the deck , take in the view for a moment before he help she down the step to the grounds . another angle 88 as the camera pull up and away until it take in the grounds , the beach and the inn . continued jr 88 #00355 128 continued 88 finally , doris and George be two small figure , she arm through he , as they move slowly through the grounds , chat to each other like 01d , good friend and we slowly : fade out the end