sanctum earthship production fade in : text on screen : beneath every continent be million of mile of limestone cave . many be flood , accessible only to cave diver . most remain unexplored . they represent the last great frontier on Earth ... dissolve to : int / ext . executive helicopter , papua new guinea - day a out of focus light reflect the deep blue sparkle of the ocean . the scene have a wash out , bright feel , as if froma distant memory . tight on the face of josh mcguire ( 17 ) . he 's gaze through the copilot window of a augusta executive helicopter . he 's tall , slightly build and slovenly dress in skater - punk gear . he have a wisp of a goatee beard and optic nerve shade . he look fidgety , apprehensive . his voice carry the trace of a Australian accent . josh ( inner monologue ) I take off . so what ? I can do what I want . I be not a kid anymore . it be not all about you . suddenly , the scene come sharply into focus , snap into bright color as the roar of the engine grow louder . the delvenet.com helicopter bank sharply as it clear the coastline of papua New guinea . lush rainforest as far as the eye can see . in the distance , a range of mist - cover mountain . no sign of civilization . the edge of the last great wilderness . carl ( american accent ) they be call it what ? Flying the chopper be self - make billionaire carl hurley ( 30' ) . fade jeans and a t-shirt with ' my other helicopter be a jet 's print across the front . victoria '' hurley 's hole '' . josh smirk at this . he turn around to see victoria allain ( 30' ) sit in the rear passenger seat , read the wall STREET journal . she look tired and jet-lagged in she crumpled business suit , but still manage to retain a natural , understate beauty . carl goddamn it ! victoria ( reading ) '' Carl hurley 's latest ' ego tour’ , to dive the ' mount everest 's of underwater cave in papua New guinea , have already cost over three million dollar and leave many shareholder question he loyalty ... carl they can all go to hell . victoria ( reading ) '' the thirty - six year old ceo of delvenet ... '' josh jeez , that 's old , man . carl shut it . victoria ( reading ) '' , .. whose previous stunt include scale everest , diving brittanic and base jump the eiffel Tower , be furious at the lack of media coverage he latest expedition ... yada yada yada . there 's a cartoon as well ... carl ( to josh ) take over . keep the horizon above the dash , like I tell you . josh flash a quick look at Victoria , lowering he shade as he grab the cyclic stick . he 's obviously try to impress she . carl no problemo . victoria ( nervous ) Carl ! carl give I that piece of crap . Victoria shake she head wearily and tighten she seat belt . Carl snatch the newspaper and gaze down at the headline : delving into debt . a caricature of Carl , wear scuba equipment as he study a financial flow chart hang outside a cave . another diver inform he '' that be not you dive profile : it 's you share value '' . josh glance at the cartoon and share a smile with Victoria . the chopper wobble slightly . josh blushes as he snap he attention back to fly . carl this expedition 's be a cluster fuck from start to finish . no disrespect , josh , but you father 's full of shit . josh ( awkward laugh ) yeah ... carl ( sarcastic ) the world 's great cave diver . all he can find down there be dead - end . no wonder we lose press coverage victoria you be insane . frustrate astronaut , all of you . Carl gaze down at the rainforest . carl there could be mile of unexplored passage down there . just wait to be discover . victoria yeah , well . you would better discover it quick . here 's you schedule for next week . she hand he a sheet of paper cover in color bar . carl shit ! Carl rip up the schedule in frustration . carl shit! shit ! shit ! a long and uncomfortable silence . Victoria lean forward toward josh , a smirk on she face . victoria ( dramatic voice ) look like ' hurley 's hole 's may remain forever ... unprobe . josh crack up laughing . vrrrroom ! the helicopter lurch violently as Carl grab the control stick and fling they 500ft down a steep sided valley . Victoria scream as Carl expertly put the helicopter through a 360 's barrel -roll . josh cling on for dear life as the valley wall flash by . Carl level off , thirty foot above a huge river , the engine whining in protest . Carl be laughing . victoria ( furious ) you reckless son of a bitch ! josh that be sweet ! do it again . int / ext . river valley - day various shot as the helicopter wind its way down the valley , follow the surging river . Victoria try to engage the recalcitrant josh in conversation . victoria how have you wind up here , josh ? josh Court make I see my dad twice a year . carl bit like boot camp . victoria what 's Frank like ? I have hear conflict report . josh yeah . carl '' conflict '' pretty much sum he up . ( beat ) alright , folk . we be here ... suddenly , the ground fall away . the helicopter drop over the edge of a waterfall that cascade 1000ft into a doline , a vast circular hole in the valley floor . a beautiful rainbow hang above the waterfall . the helicopter power forward toward basecamp : a cluster of portacabin and large machinery perch at the far side of the cliff . josh suddenly look sad . he stare down at the base of the waterfall , where the river disappear through a gape vertical crack in the rock . josh ( inner monologue ) I can feel you hatred ... ext . serenity cave entrance - day at the bottom of the cliff , a thick communication cable wind its way into the darkness , follow the river . bat and swallows flit and dart in the dark zone . josh ( inner monologue ) ..- taste it ... every hundred foot or so , a high intensity discharge ( hid ) light have be clipped to the wall , illuminate the tunnel . josh ( inner monologue ) -.- breathe it ... int . santo cave system . high speed as we follow the cable through mile of cave , slow occasionally at key point . the cable lead we through tight tunnel , air-filled chamber , surging river and over powerful waterfall , rig with rope bridge . josh ( inner monologue ) ... through mile of rock ... finally , at the end of the tunnel , a dance of light . int . forward base the river spill out into a vast chamber , three quarter fill with water . a island rise above the water , illuminate by powerful hid light . forward base look like a explosion in a dive store : scuba equipment be litter everywhere : wetsuit hang on a line , rebreather and diver propulsion vehicle . in the center of the island sit a large tent . the glow from several computer monitor can be see through the fabric . a fiber -optic cable lead from the tent toward a dive platform that extend into the water . josh ( inner monologue ) ... I hope you never come out . Australian cave diver frank mcguire ( early 40' ) stand alone in the gin-clear water . he wear a scuff and wear wetsuit . Frank exude a quiet confidence . a man who keep he own counsel . he 's as hard and as cold as the cave he explore . Frank 's eye be close in meditation as he rehearse emergency bail - out drill . he move with fluid clarity , as if practise tai-chi . frank ( inner monologue ) focus on the dive . ( beat ) High oxygen : close valve , diluent flush , engage manual flight . good . you be not die down there today . low oxygen ... ( beat ) shit ! low oxygen .....- Frank sigh and open he eye . frank that damn kid . Frank take three deep breaths , close he eye and start the drill again . voice drift over from the far side of the cave . crazy GEORGE ( 0.s texan drawl ) that 's the third time you check that gauge . you sure you be okay ? jude ( 0.s ) yeah. ( beat ) just tired . you know ... sitting on the edge of the dive platform be crazy GEORGE ( 40' ) . George be a tall and wiry Texan who look like a hippy . he 's busy operate the joystick control of a cave mapping ROV . judy ' jude ' treble ( 30' ) stand in the water beside he . she be wear a close circuit rebreather and cave diving equipment . jude be a serious -mind diver who like to do thing by the book . she also look great in a wetsuit . crazy GEORGE you wanna cancel the dive ? jude no . crazy GEORGE no one ' 1ll blame you , jude . he 's have you in the water seven day straight now . when the hell do you last see daylight ? jude look up at George and force a smile . jude Three week ago . crazy GEORGE ( laughing ) damn , girl . you be start to look like gollum . jude ( laughing ) thanks , George . crazy GEORGE cave 's still gonna be here next year ... jude try tell Frank that . crazy GEORGE ( serious ) you dive for yourself . not for Frank . '' anyone can call the dive at any time for ... '' jude '' , , .any reason . '' I know . crazy GEORGE so. ( beat ) why do not you sit this one out ? jude deliberate . she look yearningly toward she sleeping bag at the rear of the cave . she look tempt when ... frank you all set ? frank wade toward they , zipping up he suit . his face be set with a intense , determine look . he grab he rebreather from the dive platform and fire up the electronics . jude ( forced cheerfulness ) sure ... she look up at George and squeeze he hand . jude ( whispered ) last time , George . promise . George hand jude she mask . crazy GEORGE I be gonna hold you to that . jude ( to frank ) ( continue ) ready as I will ever be . frank George , you in position ? on George 's laptop , a digital image of the cave can be see , mark devil' restriction . hundred of boulder stack high . a gape tunnel beneath they . Frank study the screen . crazy GEORGE Hell , yeah . I still say she 's teasin 's we , Frank . ai not no way through that restriction . frank machine can not feel the cave , George . ( tap the screen ) this one go . trust I . crazy GEORGE ( wearily ) how many time have I hear that ? beep ! beep ! beep ! a red light flash above the communication tent . Frank , jude and George look at one another in concern . crazy George stagger to he foot and hobble into the tent to answer the call . he walk with a pronounce limp . jude ( anxious ) rain ? frank no . we be good for a few week yet . George poke he head out of the tent . crazy GEORGE it 's Carl . Frank 's face register annoyance . frank ( sarcastic ) hallelujah ! '' Rich Boy '' return . crazy GEORGE he want a word with you . Frank drag himself out of the water . frank I will bet he do . int . forward base communications tent Frank slump down into a chair , surround by high tech equipment and several monitor . crazy George hover in the background . Carl 's face can be see on the dive com . he do not look happy . frank why be you use the emergency line ? carl I want a progress report . frank ( annoyed ) you get I out of the water for that ? int . basecamp office - continuous a bank of high tech electronics , include several monitor . Frank 's face fill the screen . Carl slam the table . carl ( angry ) goddamn it , Frank ! we be run out of time ... frank ( v.o. ) alright , I 'il give you a progress report : we be down here , busting we ball , while you fuck off to pick up you girlfriend . Victoria , josh and the basecamp manager , jim sergeant ( 36 ) hover in the background next to a enormous cave map . Jim and josh exchange a look : this be typical Frank . carl four month , Frank . I could have dig myself a bigger cave by now . frank yeah , well . this cave do not follow you schedule . put my son on the line . Victoria flash josh a sympathetic look . josh sigh heavily . int . forward base communications tent Carl cast a final murderous glance at Frank before he disappear off screen . George shake he head wearily . crazy GEORGE ( to frank ) Nice . keep on bite the hand that feed we ... frank we earn the right to dive here , George . if that softcock want a piece of this cave , he should try get he hand dirty . on screen , josh slouches into the chair and stare sullenly . josh ( hostile ) ( long beat ) what ? frank you be on my shitlist , mate . josh whatever . frank you be assign rope man . you be suppose to be work here as part of the team , not off on some joy ride . 10 josh stare at he foot and snort derisively : it 's pretty obvious he think he old man be a total dick . frank ( furious ) do you hear what I say !?! josh reach forward and defiantly flick a switch . the screen suddenly go blank . Frank stare in disbelief . crazy George try hard not to laugh . int / ext . basecamp office - continuous josh storm out , furious and humiliate . Victoria follow he a few second later . she find josh around the back of the office , kicking the wall . josh slump to the floor , head down and breathing hard . Victoria place she hand on he shoulder . he gaze up at she , grateful for the attention . his eye drift across she body . Victoria catch he check she out . a awkward moment . int . forward base Frank storm down to the water , crazy George limping after he . crazy go easy on he , Frank . the kid deserve a break . Frank wade into the water and start kitting up . frank we be all tuckere out . that do not mean he can sneak off whenever he feel like it . Frank spit into he mask and wink at jude . frank ready to rock ? jude ( forced enthusiasm ) first one to the tunnel '' bag the booty '' . frank in you dream . jude ( sigh ) let 's hope this be the one . 11 frank this be the one . trust I . jude ( beat ) then let 's do it . they insert they mouthpiece , then grasp hand as a gesture of '' goodluck '' . venting they wing , they sink beneath the surface . ext . deco habitat the diver descend toward a underwater decompression habitat , bolt to the wall at a depth of 30 ft . each diver 's rebreather have they name boldly stencill across the back . close - up of Frank 's eye behind he mask as he move through the water . his voice sound tense and strain . frank focus . forget the kid . this cave 'il kill you in a heartbeat if you let it . ( beat ) the cave always win . the deco hab look like a high - tech lunar landing module . diver propulsion vehicle ( dpv 's ) and stage cylinder have be clipped to a deco line that descend into the inky depth . the dpv 's look like miniature torpedoe , fitte with handlebar . the diver collect they dpv 's , clip on they stage cylinder and power away into the inky depth . int . sump one vrrrrr ! powerful hid light from the dpv 's flit across the wall of a enormous underwater cavern . Frank follow a thin guideline that snake its way across the calcite - cover ceiling . the water be crystal clear : visibility a hundred foot or more . the rebreather be lack of bubbles give the diver the appearance of astronaut , explore inner space . Frank 's voice begin to relax , become deep and reverent as he recite coleridge 's famous poem . frank ( inner monologue ) in xanadu do kubla Khan . a stately pleasure dome decree . where alph , the sacred river , run . through cavern measureless to man . down to a sunless sea . 12 they enter a room , where white flowstone cover the wall . it 's like a waterfall freeze in time . stunningly beautiful . Frank gaze in wonder as they pass amazing speleothem , connect the floor to the ceiling . int . deep tunnel . Frank and jude power they dpv 's into a long wind tunnel . Pov frank : the head up display ( hud ) clipped onto he rebreather mouthpiece bathes he face a ghoulish green glow . frank ( inner monologue ) 70 meter ...80...90 ... beep ! beep ! beep ! a red light flash across Frank 's face as he rebreather hud alarm sound . frank ( inner monologue ) oxygen spike . add some helium . pfft ! Frank calmly reach down and push a button on he counterlungs . the hud turn green again . frank ( inner monologue ) no worry . where 's jude ? vrrrr ! jude overtake Frank , aim she dpv toward a narrow gap in the tunnel . crunch ! her rebreather clumsily scrape against the rock , bring down a cloud of fine silt . frank ( inner monologue ) ( continue ) c'mon , Judy -babe . tighten it up . Frank 's eye narrow in concentration as he follow she into the tunnel . the whirling blade of he dpv propeller slowly dissolve into ... ext . basecamp — day thudda ! thudda ! thudda ! the whirling rotor blade of a russian kamov helicopter as it hover above basecamp . Operations manager , Jim sergeant be march across camp , try to outpace Carl . Jim use to be a Royal navy diver . right now , he wish he be back defuse mine . carl do you think it 's worth I kitting up and go down there ? 13 basecamp be a hive of activity : local villager unload oxygen cylinder from a huge crane at the edge of the doline . engineer inspect a electrical generator . blending technician operate two large compressor . jim I doubt it . you want my opinion , Frank 's lose the fuck plot . the kamov touch down , create a huge cloud of dust . Jim approach one of the local villager who be supervise the unload of oxygen cylinder from the crane . luko ( 24 ) speak in a heavily accented pidgin english . we catch maybe two word in three . he 's a large , powerful man . respected among he tribe and fear as a fierce warrior . luko have a beech nut cigarette permanently glue to he bottom lip . luko ( pidgin english ) numato ! tamairi ! yu- two fala ee kam long ple yia mo helpem I - fala . mix master blong Jesus Christ ! two more villager rush over and start load empty cylinder onto the kamov helicopter . Jim remove the cigarette from luko 's lip and crush it out , nodd toward the flammable sticker on the oxygen cylinder . jim ( fluent pidgin ) buy yu sackem - out cigarette blong you , eh ? all tank yia ee save boom ! killem all dead . Jim march over to the basecamp office , Carl doggedly follow he . carl '' mix master blong Jesus Christ ? '' jim he mean the helicopter . josh suddenly burst out of the office doorway , with Victoria in tow . they be both rig in climbing harness . Jim grab josh in a friendly headlock on the bottom step . jim back in the doghouse , mate ! right where you belong . 14 josh surprise he even notice I have go . jim oh , he notice alright . take hima full day to get down there without you . josh ( laughing ) must have be painful to watch . jim yeah , well . do not look so chuff . he 's put you on double rope duty for the rest of the week . start now . josh sigh heavily . Victoria place she hand on he shoulder . victoria ( disappointed ) josh be go to teach I how to rappel ... jim ( to josh ) ( long beat ) go on . I have not see you . jose yess ! victoria ( she wink at Carl ) you gonna come and hold my hand ? carl not now ! victoria suit yourself . you have two -hundre email wait for you in there ... carl they can all fuck off . jim you should go with they , Carl . try and enjoy the last few day . i’1l let you know if Frank find anything . Jim disappear inside the office . tight on Carl . he do not look happy at all . 15 int . basecamp office Jim switch on the dive com and gaze at the ROV monitor . jim where be they , George ? crazy GEORGE ( v.o. ) Devil 's restriction . int . forward base communication tent crazy George reach forward and sharpen the digital image from the ROV . the fuzzy picture show Frank and jude arrive at the restriction . crazy GEORGE ( flicking a switch ) and ... let there be light . int . devil' restriction whoomph ! several hid light fire up on the ROV , illuminate the cave as far as the eye can see . thousands of boulder cover the floor . the boulder have be ground smooth so they resemble a pile of gigantic marble . jude ' park ' she dpv beneath a natural bridge in the boulder . a gape black hole lead into the unknown . her dpv propeller stir up a cloud of silt . int . forward base communications tent on the monitor , the image be obscure by silt . crazy George grab the joystick and power the ROV upwards . crazy GEORGE bh , shit . call the scuba police . amateur alert ! int . devil' restriction . the thick cloud of silt engulf jude and Frank , reduce visibility to zero . frank ( inner monologue ) deep and slow . panic kill . clip on a reel . 16 Pov frank : we can barely see he hand as he expertly attaches a safety guideline to a rock in front of he . frank now rise above the situation . pfttt ! Frank add gas to he wing . line rattles off he reel . int . forward base communications tent . on screen , the ROV hover patiently above the cloud of silt . George breathes a sigh of relief as he watch Frank rise like a ghost , back into clear water . int . devil' restriction . Frank can see jude light in the cloud beneath he . frank ( inner monologue ) she 's gonna be piss about that . alright , Frank : focus . master controller : p-oh-two : fine . slave : Fine . ( pft ! the solenoid fire ) there 's you second heartbeat . ( glance at wrist computer } depth 98 meter . run time 's good ... Frank 's eye suddenly widen . he notice the silt cloud be be suck into a hole in the boulder , thirty foot away . frank ( inner monologue ) ( continue ) shit ! that 's the way through ! the cloud of silt continue drift toward the hole . frank ( inner monologue ) ( continue ) oh man , that be strong flow ! ( gaze around the cave ) get you ! finally ! ( irritate ) c'mon jude , sort you shit out . jude sheepishly drift toward he and flash a ' okay ' signal . she shake she head , obviously annoyed with herself . 17 frank ( inner monologue ) ( continue ) yeah , drink be on you tonight . Frank flash he light toward the new lead . they swim over to investigate . int . forward base platform . crazy George power the ROV forward , illuminate Frank and jude as they follow the silt toward the hole . crazy GEORGE ( wary ) Frank , what you doin 's , Frank ? the dive com crackle . jim ( v.0 . ) what the fuck be he up to ? crazy GEORGE he 's smell somethin’ . the ROV focuss on a narrow tunnel wind its way into the bowel of the earth . it 's a claustrophobic nightmare . crazy GEORGE ( whisper ) oh , Christ , Frank . leave it . int . devil' restriction . Frank try squeezing into he tunnel , but the entrance be too small . jude watch apprehensively as Frank remove he rebreather . he reach forward and scribbles a message onto she wrist slate . jude gaze down at Frank 's message : '' she goe . trust I ! '' holding he rebreather in front of he , Frank push into the tight hole . ext . cliff at top of doline - day victoria why should I trust you ? josh ( shrug ) I be the only one around here who can climb for shit . 18 Victoria peer nervously over the edge of the doline . josh be clipping she onto a rope that disappear over the 1000ft drop . Victoria cast a weary look toward Carl . he be pace along the edge of the cliff , a satellite phone glue to he ear . victoria Carl ! be we do this or what ? Carl lift he hand , irritate . Victoria roll she eye at josh . victoria ( continue ) I swear they have still manage to find he on the moon ! Carl pace over and thrust the phone into Victoria 's hand . carl deal with they will you ? tell they I be uncontactable until further notice . Victoria throw the phone far over the edge of the cliff . victoria ( smiling sweetly ) deal with . Carl look suitably shocked . josh ( laughing ) sweet ! carl ( curt ) I will get my harness . Victoria inch she way to the edge of the precipice and brace herself , ready to rappel down . Carl start pull item of climbing equipment out of a flight case . carl ( smiling ) keep a eye on she , josh . she 's terrify of height ! Victoria flash Carl a know look . there 's clearly something go on . josh ( to victoria ) no worry . take it nice and easy , like I show you . 19 victoria ( nervous ) you will not let I fall ? Victoria squeeze he hand . josh blushes . josh promise . clear below ! expedition member ( distant 0.8 ) climb when ready ! victoria ( confident ) climb ! with a wink and a smile , Victoria suddenly throw herself backwards over the edge . zzzzip ! josh gaze in open jaw amazement as Victoria expertly complete the rappel in three bounce . carl you can not beat a woman who 's into rope . josh look gobsmack . carl ( smiling ) she 's ex-professional . we meet during the everest expedition . josh wow . that must have be awesome . carl piece of piss after k2 . Carl adjust he climb harness . carl life 's not a dress -rehearsal , josh . sometimes you have to seize the day . Carl clip himself onto the rope . carl fifty buck say I reach the bottom before you . josh grins , invert himself and leap off the edge of the cliff . 222zzz1p ! josh run down the vertical cliff wall for 600 foot before apply the brake . he glance back up the cliff . Carl be nowhere in sight . 20 josh loser ! boing ! josh bounce out into space , spin in the sunlight and emit a whoop of delight . badoosh ! he swing into the glitter waterfall . the cascade shatter into a million droplet as the force of the water spin he around and around . josh ( inner monologue ) no one can take this away ! this be mine ! I own it ! josh gaze down at the cave entrance and shout at the top of he lung . josh ( yelling ) fuck you ! int . body tube - devil' restriction . Inside the claustrophobic tunnel , thing be get tight . Frank 's face be contort with the physical effort of push he rebreather ahead of he . his breathe rate increase , each breath sound deafen inside the enclose space . suddenly , he wedge stick . his hose and valve scrape against the sharp rock . Frank gaze nervously behind he . int . forward base communications tent . on the screen , jude be still outside the tunnel , unclip she stage bottle . crazy gecrge pace in front of the monitor , clearly agitate . crazy GEORGE ( on divecom ) plan the dive and dive the plan , D ' you recall hearing that somewhere ? int / ext . basecamp office - day Jim have be join by several expedition member . they crowd around the monitor , eagerly watch the image . crazy GEORGE ( v.o . ) -.-- but , no . we boy 's gotta go find himself a hole tighter than a nun 's nasty ... 21 laughter from the team . this be the most excitement they have have in month . they watch jude squeezing she way into the tunnel . expedition member # 1 100 meter with no bailout . that be hardcore , man . crazy GEORGE ( v.o. ) I be goin’ after they ... the team watch the ROV power forward , bumping and grinding it 's way down the tunnel . brrrr ! brrrr ! a satellite phone ring in the background . Jim snatch it up . jim hello ? ( sigh heavily ) ext . cliff at top of doline Carl stand in the middle of the clear , adjust a complicated - look harness clipped to he chest . the basecamp office door fly open . jim ( holding the phone ) Carl ! for you . again . Carl suddenly turn and race toward the edge of the cliff . carl tell they to ...fuck...off ! Carl leap into the doline . CUT to : josh be half - way down the cliff face when he hear a almighty shriek from above . he look up to see Carl fall toward he . josh instinctively hug the cliff wall . josh below ! cur to : the expedition team scatter and drop as Carl fall toward they . Victoria gaze up , open jaw . victoria oh , Christ ! CUT to : 22 Carl hurtle past josh in a blur . whoompth ! his base jumping parachute deploy at 200ft . carl yeee -ha ! Carl steer the chute expertly down toward the clear . the expedition team gaze up in shocked amazement . luko have never see a parachute before . Victoria 's face be a mask of anger . victoria ( bellowing ) Carl ! you reckless son of a bitch ! int . body tube . devil' restriction Frank be still wedge stick in the narrow tunnel . flake of rock dance around he . he 's now panting in exertion . frank ( inner monologue ) deep and slow . panic 's a vulture , sit on you shoulder , wait . there 's always slack somewhere , Frank . try back up . CUT to : further back in the tunnel , jude can see Frank back out toward she . as she try to turn around , one of she breathing hose get snag on a sharp outcrop of rock . jude wrench it free , bring down flake of rock and silt . CUT to : Frank start chanting , mantra style as he edge he way forward again . frank ( inner monologue ) in xanadu ... do kubla Khan ... a stately pleasure dome ... decree ... ahead of he , the tunnel open up into a gape black void . frank ( inner monologue ) Christ , would you look at that . it 's wide open ! int . unexplored abyss Frank pull himself out of a crack in a underwater cliff and re-don he rebreather . 23 sudden vertigo as he torch reveal a gape black abyss , no sign of the wall or ceiling . below he , the cave plummet to infinity . frank ( inner monologue ) yes ! yes ! this be what it 's all about ! no - one have ever see this . no one ! here . now . this be who you be , Frank mcguire ! a flash of light behind he . jude pull herself out of the tunnel , she eye wide with excitement . she shake a fragment of rock from she rebreather and put it back on . vrrrrrr ! the ROV pop out of the tunnel , fill the chamber with light . the cave be monstrous . the ROV 's light just manage to paint the far wall . Frank and jude hang in the abyss , like two firefly inside a cathedral . int . forward base communication tent . crazy George can not drag he eye away from the screen . crazy GEORGE ( awe - inspire whisper ) Jim , tell I y’all get this ? int . basecamp office - day Jim and the team member stare at the monitor in hushed amazement . jim yeah . it 's amazing . ( beat ) somebody better fetch Carl . nobody move . crazy GEORGE ( v.o. ) that stubborn son of a bitch . he finally do it . int . unexplored abyss Frank and jude hover in the abyss , gaze in awestruck wonder at the new cave . frank ( inner monologue ) ( continue ) heh ! Judy -babe , we have score big time . this place be ... 24 Frank 's eye suddenly narrow in concern . bubble be stream from jude rebreather . Frank swim over to she . Frank signal she have a small leak . jude look confuse . she spin around so Frank can take a closer look . Frank notice a small tear in the breathing hose , where it attaches to the counterlungs . Frank reach forward to examine the hose . badoosh ! the hose suddenly pop free from the rebreather . bubbles explode as jude alarm start to scream . Red light bathes the cave . beep ! beep ! beep ! jude start to sink . she signal to Frank , still relatively calm : '' out of air '' . Frank duck - dive down to she . he remove he own mouthpiece and offer it . jude gulp down several breaths . they be sink fast , jude struggle to locate she wing inflator . pffft ! Frank start pump air into he wing to arrest they descent . beep ! beep ! beep ! his rebreather hud alarm flash red as he oxygen spike . jude now look really scared . by now , Frank be desperate to breathe himself . he gently pull the mouthpiece away from jude . she 's reluctant to let it go . Frank pull harder . blam ! jude be suddenly all over Frank in a frenzy , a look of blind panic on she face . she claw at Frank 's face , rip off he mask . Pov Frank : a blurred red nightmare as jude attack he . Frank back away , struggle to restrain she . her attack grow weaker and weaker until ... bloompth ! a final exhalation of bubbles as she finally take water into she lung . Frank release she and pull out he back - up mask . Pov Frank : he vision clear as he empty the mask of water . Frank watch jude spiral down into the darkness . her light eventually disappear . int . forward base communications tent . crazy George gaze at the screen in horror . Frank turn and look directly at the ROV camera . crazy GEORGE ( whisper ) oh , sweet Jesus , no ... 25 int . cliff at top of doline excite chatter as Carl , josh , Victoria and luko travel up in the metal cage attach to the crane . Carl be show josh the base jump harness . the cage clear the edge of the cliff . Jim stand wait for they , look white as a sheet . other expedition member stand in utter shock . some of they be crying . in a instant , all the color drain from josh 's face . josh ( inner monologue ) he 's dead . I wish it . it 's my fault . I kill he . Jim step forward and place he hand on josh 's shoulder . jim you dad 's fine . tight on josh : unable to disguise he relief . dim cast a angry glance at Carl , who stand hold he base jump chute . jim ( disdain ) they just break this cave for you , hurley . ( beat ) jude do not make it . tight on Carl as he take this in . int . underwater deco habitat - 8 hour later . a small bell - shape structure , large enough to accommodate four diver . Frank doze on a bunk with a regulator in he mouth . his rebreather be tethere in the moonpool . George reach over and nudge Frank awake . crazy GEORGE off of 2 . Frank sit up . crazy GEORGE ( continue ) how you doin 's ? Frank groans and bury he head in he hand . crazy GEORGE 104 subtract 7 . 26 frank Christ , George , give I a break ... crazy GEORGE start callin’ the number . frank ( weary ) ci | crazy GEORGE alright . I reckon you be clear . ( long beat ) Jesus , Frank . what happen ? frank breathe hose . ripped clean out of she counterlung . she must have loosen it go through the tunnel . crazy GEORGE or maybe she be too tired to check it before the dive ? frank you think I kill she ? crazy GEORGE down here , it 's all about know when to quit . you teach I that . Frank consider this . frank I should go back for she . crazy GEORGE ai not no way you be draggin’ a body back through that restriction . ( beat ) no . this be how she want it . Hell , she even use to joke : " you can not get bury ... frank " , .. deeper for cheaper " Frank and George smile sadly . a long pause . crazy GEORGE c'mon . let 's get you out of here . 27 ext . kastom village - night a huge bonfire in the center of the village . drum beat a solemn rhythm as the local shaman lead a dozen villager in a death rite around the fire . they paint body glisten in the firelight . other villager watch from the shadow . scatter among they be several expedition member , look utterly defeat . a couple of they be still cry . josh , Carl and Victoria sit inside a open hut . luko sit with they , prepare coconut shell of kava . he chew on the root from a pepper plant and spit the intoxicating residue into the shell . carl ( to josh ) .-- until you have experience it , you will never understand ! any fool can climb a mountain . who know where this cave lead ? josh ( angry ) who fuck care ? death toll 's up to three now ... victoria ( to carl ) you never tell I that . carl ten year ago , two diver stumble across this system . Real experience , I mean , they would be push cave for thirty year ... victoria what happen ? carl no- one know . they equipment be wash up twenty mile away . in the ocean . josh who ...fuck ...care ? carl it 's a tired old world , josh . where else do you get to shine a light where no man have be before ? josh you wanna see something no - one 's see before ? 28 josh pick up a coconut shell and roll it to Carl . josh crack that open . carl ( scathing ) you just do not get it , do you ? you carry on climb you mountain " because they be there '. ( beat ) we be do it because it 's not there . josh and that 's worth die for be it ? carl jude think so . a moment as they consider this . victoria ( to carl ) you think Frank ' 1ll cancel the expedition ? carl he can not . he need it . ( beat ) more than any of we . luko spit into the shell and offer they the kava . carl ( disgust ) he expect we to drink that ? josh kava . to honor jude . josh take the shell and gulp down the intoxicating brew . Carl watch in horror as Victoria reach for the shell . she shrug at Carl . victoria I have swallow worse . Victoria downs it in one . victoria wow ! I can feel my lip go numb already . Carl reach forward and nervously take the shell . 29 josh just do it . Carl sip it , gingerly , hold he nose as he do so . Victoria take perverse satisfaction in watch he discomfort . Carl gag and race out into the bush . victoria ( continue ) lightweight . Victoria stagger to she foot and follow Carl . victoria ( continue ) oh man ! that shit be really good . suddenly , the drum stop beat . silence descend upon the village . josh 's intoxicate mind reel from the kava as he turn to see : Frank , step out of the shadow , look utterly exhaust . he be cake in mud and look like a primordial nightmare . George appear behind he . the villager whisper nervously as they watch Frank approach the expedition member . Jim step forward and offer he condolence . other team member walk away in disgust . josh close he eye . a shadow fall across josh 's face . he look up to see Frank stand above he . josh tense as Frank sit next to he . a long awkward silence . the drum continue they mournful heartbeat , building in intensity over the follow : josh ( finally ) look . if you be gonna bollock I , just get it over with . frank you wanna quit drink that shit . make you sound dopier than you really be . josh you should try it . ( under he breath ) God know you need it . frank you enjoy show off for you new mate ? 30 josh least I get mate . frank I tell you to stay away from Carl . he collect people . ( beat ) use they . josh finally turn and look at he father . josh he reckon you be go back in . ( beat ) say that 's what jude would have want . Frank snort derisively . frank that 's what Carl want . josh and you do not ? Frank look at he . frank you dive cave for long enough , this kind of thing happen . jude know the risk , better than anyone . josh ( mumbling ) she know how much you want this . frank what 's that suppose to mean ? josh nothin’ . frank look , nobody force jude to do anything ! josh whatever . frank you be full of shit , mate . you have not a fuck clue what you be talk about . you be hang around with the yuppie too long . 31 josh ( bristling ) least he treat I like a adult . frank yeah ? well . soon as you start act like a adult , I will consider treat you like one ... josh ( suddenly angry ) you know what ? why do not you just ... josh ( inner monologue ) ( scream ) fuck off ! fuck off!fuck off ! the drum suddenly stop dead . josh ( a weary whisper ) .-- leave I alone . Frank get up and walk away . josh watch he disappear . josh ( inner monologue ) I will never be like you . never . int . judes' tent -— continuous Frank open the flap to jude 's tent and step inside . his torch reveal a clutter of scientific equipment and dive gear . Frank empty jude 's rucksack . he pick up she address book and start search for a number . a photograph fall out : jude with she husband and baby . Frank stare at the picture . ext . jude ‘s tent - continuous the silhouette of Frank : he shoulder rocking in grief . ext . jungle at edge of doline - night Carl be double up in the bush , dry retching from the kava . Victoria stand over he , rub he shoulder . victoria shhh ! listen ! a distant chanting , carry on the wind . curious , she stagger to the edge of the clear to investigate . 32 carl ( moaning ) please , baby . d- do not leave I ! victoria quit whining . Victoria stumble she way through the thick jungle . she 's still pretty intoxicate from the kava . a owl shriek , startling she . she listen again . silence . then a twig snap . victoria who 's there ? the chanting start again . Victoria nervously push forward . she emerge into a clear at the edge of the doline . at the edge of the doline , the kastom shaman be surround by several villager perform a ancient purification rite . the shaman 's grotesque death mask glint in the moonlight as he incant a solemn prayer . Victoria turn to leave . blam ! luko suddenly loom over she , sway in a kava-induce trance . he do not seem to recognize she . Victoria gasp in fright . after a few second , luko stagger past she toward the ceremony . josh step out of the shadow , grab Victoria 's hand and pull she back into the jungle . victoria ( hushed whisper ) Jesus ! you scared I to death ... josh sssh ! you be not suppose to be here ! victoria what be they do ? josh jude death really freak they out . they be try to appease the cave spirit . victoria cave spirit ? josh the one that take jude soul . Victoria watch the shaman lift some burning ember high above he head . the villager whisper to each other as the prayer continue . some of they look really frighten . 33 victoria what be he say ? josh he 's warning they to stay out of the cave . the shaman launch the burn ember over the cliff . shaman ( pidgin english ) josh ( translating ) all man whair oh-lee gat '' only that ... pure of straight heart mo oh-lee gat spirit ... can enter and gud tinktink ee sa-vay go survive '' . inside long taboo ... the ember flare for a few second and then be go . ext . basecamp office - night frank walk back toward the basecamp office , with jude address book . he 's about to open the door when he hear raised voice from inside . Pov Frank : through the window , he see Jim , crazy George and the expedition team huddle around the monitor . they be watch ROV footage from jude death . expedition member ( 0.s. ) ..- he have no fuck right take she through that restriction without bailout ! it be a accident wait to happen ... int . basecamp control room - night Frank open the door . everyone fall silent . frank ( long beat ) Excuse I . I have a phone call to make . the team start to filter out . many of they will not look at Frank . Jim and crazy George pause on they way out the door . crazy GEORGE I have download the data from the ROV . Frank nod grimly . 34 jim you should take a look at it , Frank . before you make you decision . they leave . Frank slump down into the chair , stare at the phone . he glance at the monitor mark cave mapper . Frank can not help himself . he power it up and gaze in disbelief as a 3-d digital image of the cave scroll across the screen . the new section be massive : a huge air-filled chamber disappear into the unknown , the way forward mark with a question MARK . a noise behind he . Frank spin around . Carl stand gaze at the screen . he 's still look green from the kava . carl there 's a rumor around camp that you be pull the plug . I want to know if it 's true . ( beat ) what happen today be a tragedy , Frank . but Columbus lose half he crew push the unknown ... frank ( inner monologue ) carl imposter . drunk on opiate .«-- we value life differently from a shallow world . Chasing now . it 's become too damn dream of immortality . ( beat ) important . you think jude you have sell you soul . now die with regret ? Hell , no. deal with it . she die chase she dream . carl --. I do not think she would forgive we if we quit now . frank ( exploding ) do not tell I what jude would think ! you do not see she die . you be not even there ! carl ( exploding ) I fuck pay to be there ! do not forget that ! frank ( snarling ) do not you worry , hurley . when I make my decision , I ’1ll let you know . a awkward pause . Carl suddenly turn on the charm . 35 carl do not get I wrong , Frank . what you have achieve here be remarkable . he study the new cave on the ROV monitor . carl ( reverent whisper ) she 's the mother of all cave . no one 's ever break she . until now . Carl turn to Frank with a gleam in he eye . he tap he finger against the question mark on the screen . carl put my name on a piece of this , Frank . and I will die a happy man . Carl leave . Frank continue stare at the freeze image of the cave . huge. inviting . irresistible . ext . rainforest - day various establishing shot as the sun edge its way over the rainforest . mist rise from the doline . parrot preen they plumage . chicken and pig in the kastom village . ext . kastom village - day ember from the die fire rise slowly in the pre-dawn air . josh lie fast asleep outside luko 's hut . he 's still fully clothed from the night before . a boot rudely kick he awake . josh 's eye fly open . Frank stand look down at he . frank get up . I want everyone assemble in twenty minute . Frank march off . josh gaze after he , still hungover . int . basecamp control room - day Frank and George be huddle around the computer . Frank tap he finger absently along to a ac - DC tune that 's play in the background . he 's study a satellite image of a STORM . crazy GEORGE I reckon you get three day . frank if she change direction , Jim can give we a shout on the blower . ( more ) 36 frank ( cont would ) she 'il hit the backside of the mountain first . that will give we eight hour before the river start to flood . plenty of time to leg it back up . crazy GEORGE I can help you get Carl and Victoria down to forward base . frank cheer , George . we will take the yuppie for a quick paddle around '' the great unknown '' . let he name he fuck rock so we can all get the hell out of here . Jim walk in , josh trail behind he . frank ( to jim ) be everyone ready ? jim ( shaking he head ) luko 's man be too spook to go back in . frank ( beat ) we can manage without they . what about the other ? jim sorry , Frank . they do not want anything to do with this . Frank consider this . frank they be scared . josh ( angry ) of course they be scared ! be not you ? crazy George and Jim exchange a look . they decide to leave . frank ( to josh ) yes , I be . every time . josh look surprised . frank the day you be not scared before a dive be the day you stop diving . 37 josh it 's a sphincter of fuck rock ! you think that 's worth die for ? frank stop be a drama queen . Frank head toward the door . josh block he path . frank step aside , josh ! a moment of tension between they . josh eventually allow Frank to pass . Frank march outside . tight on josh : a worried expression on he face . he glance at the cave map on the wall . Frank have already pencill in the section where jude die . the new cavern be mark ' jude jewel 's . the final strain of the ac - DC song drift from Frank 's old casette player . ac -dc ( v.0 . ) '' I be on a highway to hell ... '' ext . cliff at top of doline - day a loud argument rage between several villager , include luko . machete have be draw and temper flare . Frank , crazy George , Carl and Victoria watch the argument from the edge of the doline . they be kitted up and ready to rappel . Frank look up to find josh stand there , wear he waterproof and climb harness . frank what be you do ? josh ( sullen ) what you say . you need a rope man . frank you make you position clear . we do not need you help . carl Jesus , Frank . give the kid a break ... Frank flash Carl a murderous look . 38 frank ( menacing growl ) I suggest you stay the fuck out of this . ( to josh ) the chopper leave at ten o'clock . give my regards to you mother . josh stare at he father . bristle in pure hatred . then turn and march away . victoria josh ... Frank shoulder he pack and thread he five bar rack into the descent rope . frank let 's go . victoria Frank , stop . ( beat ) if he leave now , you will never see he again . Frank ignore she and lean back over the edge of the cliff . victoria ( continue ) I be go back for he . okay ? a long pause . victoria ( continue ) okay ? Frank look up at Victoria . then nod he head , imperceptibly . ziiiip ! Frank disappear over the edge of the cliff . victoria Jesus . it 's a wonder the boy 's not in therapy . ext . basecamp Victoria chase after josh . she see he storm away into the jungle . 39 victoria josh ! josh , come back ! but josh have go . int / ext . cave entrance - day the river cascade into the cave across a series of treacherous rock , breach by a rickety rope bridge . mist fill the air . various shot as the team enter the cave : luko wait for they by the entrance . he mumble a quiet prayer as he scoops red mud from a shell and paint each team member 's face . crazy George accept the ritual solemnly . Carl follow . he can not take the ritual seriously . carl ( to victoria ) I guess they do this for all the tourist ? Victoria next . as luko paint she face , she glance nervously up at the blue sky frame the entrance to the cave . acutely aware this might be the last time she see it . Frank bring up the rear . he gaze reverently around the cave as luko perform the ritual . he be about to step into the shadow when he notice a tiny figure perch on the edge of the doline . ext . cliff at top of doline josh sit deject on the edge of the cliff , watch Frank . a moment pass between they . then Frank step into the darkness . josh close he eye . dissolve to : int / ext . josh be tent - night josh lie in he sleep bag , fast asleep . the distant rumble of thunder jolt he awake . josh sit up . a dull roar can be hear , like a far-away train . he stick he head out of the tent . 40 josh 's eye widen in alarm : the sky crackle as a fierce electrical STORM rage on the horizon . josh stagger out toward the light of the basecamp office . int / ext . basecamp office as josh approach the office , it 's clear that something be very wrong . the remain team member be crowded anxiously around the open doorway , whisper nervously to each other . raised voice can be hear come from within . Jim be shouting into the dive com . jim ( 0.8 . ) forward base , forward base , this be basecamp , over . do you read ? Christ , Frank pick up ! josh peer in through the window . the team be huddle around the monitor watch a satellite image of the approach STORM . everyone look really scared . expedition member # 1 I be tell you , the comm be down ! jim there 's plenty of signal . just no one 's answer . expedition member # 2 send someone down , for Christ 's sake ! before it 's too late ! jim it 's too risky ! the river 's already up two foot . expedition member # 2 goddamn it ! you can not just leave they down there ! jim they be probably on they way back up ... expedition member # 1 it 's be over six hour now . if they do not leave soon ... the sentence hang in the air . everyone be fully aware of the implication . Jim grab the dive com . 41 jim forward base , forward base , this be basecamp , over ... josh slip back into the shadow before anyone notice he be there . int . josh 's tent - night josh sit in the entrance to he tent , unable to sleep . he gaze toward the basecamp office , where several team member continue to argue with each other . other hang around , impotent and useless . josh gaze at the approach storm and glance nervously at he indiglo divewatch . a sudden crack of thunder startles he . the storm be clearly get closer . josh fuck it ! josh sit up and angrily start pull on he boot . josh fuck he . Fucking idiot . ext . cliff at top of doline — night a thousand star splinter the night sky . a full moon cast a ghostly pall over the camp . josh stand at the edge of the doline wear he waterproof and climb harness . the roar from the waterfall have increase dramatically . no longer a gentle cascade , the powerful torrent cascade far out over the cliff wall , plunging violently into the cave below . josh deliberate . he stare down at the maelstrom of white - water crashing its way into the cave . it look scarey as hell . look up , josh notice a figure watch he from the opposite side of the doline . the grotesque mask of the shaman glint in the moonlight . a serene look suddenly spread across josh 's face . in a instant he 's calm and confident . josh ( inner monologue ) '' only that pure of spirit '' . josh step off the cliff and drop into the darkness . 42 int . forward base Victoria 's flashlight flicker on . her eye dart around in confusion as she try to figure out what wake she . the noise from the stream have increase dramatically . the level of the water in the lake have rise to the point where it 's drench the bottom of she sleep bag . she kick Carl awake and stumble across to Frank . Frank sit bolt upright as Victoria 's light flit across he face . frank ( urgent whisper ) ( continue ) wake the other . quickly . Frank pull on he boot , grab he flashlight and scramble toward the flood communication tent . int . forward base - communication tent all the electronics be dead , submerge under two foot of water . Frank grab the dive com . frank basecamp , basecamp ... Frank flick a switch . fzzzt ! a burst of SPARKS as the system short out . Frank race back outside . ext . forward base . Frank march toward the sump . the other team member be already gather on the shoreline . they combine light reveal a disturbing sight : the cave be flooding , the water level rise so fast , they can actually see it creep up the shore . Frank have to shout to be hear above the noise of the water . frank we can not stay here ! secure the equipment ! carl fuck the equipment ! let 's just get out of here ! frank you be assume we can . silence as the team consider this . luko look terrify . 43 frank ( continue ) start kitting up . all of you . the team race around the camp , secure gear and pull on they wetsuit . Frank feed rope through a ceiling bolt . George help secure the rebreather to the rope . crazy GEORGE what the hell happen to the early warning system ? frank ( furious ) Christ know . that fucker have better not be asleep up there ! stand clear ! Frank heave on the rope and haul the rebreather toward the ceiling of the cave , where they be tie off and secure . the team start don they climb harness . George pass a rope and clip everyone together . frank ( continue ) all right , listen up . this be gonna get real nasty . keep a close eye on the person in front . Frank start tear excess gear off Carl and Victoria 's harness . frank stay on the rope . Three point of contact at all time . carl ( nervous ) anything else ? frank sure . try not to fuck up . the team wade out into the river . ext . flooded river the raging river surge through mile of narrow passageway . a live force of water that threaten to destroy all in its path . chest deep in the icy flow , the exploration team battle they way upstream . tethere by a single rope , each team member brace themselves against the torrent . 44 Water pound they body , threaten to dash they against the sharp rock lining the riverbed wall . ext . firehose cliff the team pull themselves out of the surging river , onto a wide ledge at the base of a 50ft cliff . carl ( breathless ) w- where to now ? Frank flick he light upwards : the communication cable disappear into a narrow tunnel at the top of the cliff . the tunnel be half - flood . a powerful geyser of water shoot several foot out over the cliff edge , before crash into a deep pool below they . frank through there . carl ( despairing ) we will never make it ! luko start mutter a prayer . he 's clearly terrify . frank wait here . Frank scramble up the cliff face and cautiously approach the water - fill tunnel . his foot slip and slide on the treacherous rock . brace himself against the tunnel wall , Frank sneak a look upstream : the tunnel be impassable , the flow too strong . Frank sag . then he see a flash of light on the other side of the tunnel . frank ( bellowing ) who 's there ?! no answer . then a familiar voice , barely audible against the roar of the water . josh ( 0.8 . ) dad ? Frank 's expression change from shock , to fear , then to anger . frank josh ? what the hell be you do ? 45 josh ( 0.s. ) I come to tell you ... the cave 's flooding ! Frank shake he head in disbelief . frank no shit ! ( furious ) why do not they call we ? josh ( 0.s . ) they have be try all night ! you comm be switch off ! Frank 's eye narrow in confusion . he cast a suspicious glance at Carl , far below . carl ( calling up ) be someone up there ? int . above firehose cliff . josh be surround by a thundering mass of white - water rapid . he be shelter behind a gigantic rock wedge midstream . plume of water jet high around he : it 's all he can do to avoid be suck down into the gape tunnel . frank ( 0.8 . ) feed we the rope ! josh remove a 50 meter rope from around he neck . he glance around for a anchor point and loop the rope around the boulder he 's shelter behind . int . firehose cliff Frank catch the rope as it shoot out of the tunnel . he hoist it out of the water . ziiip ! josh slide two jumar down the rope to Frank . CUT to : luko push past Carl and crazy George and start scramble up the cliff toward Frank . blind panic in he eye . crazy GEORGE Frank ! before Frank can stop he , luko have grab the rope and pull himself into the tunnel . 46 frank luko ! no ! luko I mus run way out long ple yia ! pffffft ! the water hit luko like a sledgehammer , knock the wind out of he and cause he to cry out in pain . CUT to : creak ! the boulder that josh have lash the rope around suddenly lurch forward a inch . josh 's eye widen in fear . he yell down the tunnel . josh stop ! there 's too much weight ! CUT to : luko use brute force to pull himself up the tunnel , he body take the full brunt of the flow . frank luko ! use the jumar ! streamline yourself ! CUT to : creak ! josh see the boulder tilt toward he . josh luko ! go back ! CUT to : luko brace himself and heave on the rope . frank josh ! look out ! cur to : josh spin around just in time to see the boulder come crashing toward he . the force of the water , combine with luko 's weight have turn it into a fearsome projectile . josh leap forward to escape be crush . the river suck he down into the tunnel . crunch ! the boulder slam into the tunnel entrance , sealing it shut . CUT to : 47 luko and josh fly out of the tunnel like champagne cork . they slam into Frank , knock he over the edge of the cliff . badoosh ! all three plunge into the pool below . the waterfall suddenly cease to flow . luko surface , coughing and spluttering . he scramble to the base of the cliff and drag himself out of the water . George and Victoria help pull Frank toward shore . he 's badly wind . josh fight he way back to the surface at the far side of the pool and be almost suck downstream . he grab a rock at the edge of the pool and pull himself out of the flow . various reaction shot as the team gaze up at the tunnel where the waterfall use to be . a eerie silence fill the cave . then a strange groaning sound , like a human voice . the cliff wall start creaking , as though try to communicate . Frank 's eye widen in alarm . frank everyone back down the tunnel ! move ! carl ( terrified ) w- what 's happen ? frank it 's punch a way through ! blam ! a fist -size section of the cliff wall fly toward they as the water blast a new route downstream . pop ! pop ! pop ! more section of the cliff wall explode around they . a large stalactite fall from the ceiling , narrowly miss josh . the cave fill with spray and noise . luko start scramble back up the rope just as ... badoom ! a hissing , malevolent geyser of spray smashes into he like a thousand firehose combine . he be blast through the air and slammed into the far cave wall . luko crumple and fall into the river . he be immediately wash downstream . frank josh ! grab he ! josh be freeze in shock and unable to move . luko break the surface and reach toward he , barely conscious . frank josh ! help he , for fuck 's sake ! 48 josh watch helplessly as luko be wash away into the darkness . various shot as the team react to luko 's death . all eye eventually turn from josh to Frank . Frank gaze around the cave , size up he adversary . the chamber be quickly fill with water . frank we be head back down . carl what ? no ! frank we stay here , we will be drown like rat . ( beat ) we have get to find higher ground . carl ( despairing ) where ? frank ( long beat ) through the restriction . various reaction shot as they take this in . int . forward camp the entire cavern be almost underwater . the team wade , chest deep , through the muddy water , push they way through the float debris . frank grab anything that look useful . George , prep the ' breather . CUT to : Victoria 's hand be shaking in fright as she practice open and close the rebreather mouthpiece . Frank be busy adjust she harness . frank ... try and think of it as a normal night dive . George will be with you every step of the way ... 49 victoria I think George can not dive anymore ? frank we be take he out of retirement . victoria ( nervous ) just how tight do it get down there , Frank ? frank it 's a body tube . same as you have do in dry cave , but with water . ( beat ) you gonna be okay ? victoria ( beat ) I guess I 'il have to be . CUT to : Carl and George be stuff climbing rope into a bag . carl how the hell do he know the cave be not flood past that restriction ? crazy GEORGE Frank reckon it 's clear . that 's all you need to know . crazy George eye the rise water . crazy GEORGE ( continue ) one thing 's for sure : stay here and y'all better start grow gill . CUT to : in the far section of the cavern , josh wade through the water , grab anything that look useful . suddenly , he freeze : in front of he , wrap around a rock , be luko 's body . it 's a ghastly sight . the river have break every bone in he body . his jaw be almost hang off . josh shudder . josh ( inner monologue ) I be sorry ... I be sorry ... I be sorry ... luko open he eye . josh jump in fright . 50 josh over here ! someone bring the medical kit ! the other wade over and stand horrify . Frank take one look at luko and throw the medical kit away . he lean forward to examine he . luko try to speak . bloody froth pour from he break jaw . frank easy . do not try to talk . carl how bad be it ? frank ( long beat ) leave we alone . josh what be you go to do ? frank there 's nothing we can do . josh what do you mean ? frank George , take josh . josh no , wait . what be you go to do ? frank ( beat ) I be go to take care of it . victoria ( horrified ) oh , Jesus , no . no ! Carl put he arm around Victoria . she shrug he off . josh you have to help he ! josh turn to the other . josh ( continue ) tell he ! he have to do something . 51 frank what do you want I to do ? he 's break every bone in he body . he can not hold a reg in he mouth . josh you can not just leave he to die . frank I do not intend to . josh no ! you have no right to do this ! crazy GEORGE c'mon josh , let 's go ... josh get you fuck hand off I ! frank George , get he away from here ! josh ( to frank ) you be go to kill he , be not you ? ( beat ) you murdering bastard . Frank suddenly explode in anger and frustration . frank ( furious ) you have not a fuck clue have you ? any of you ! you have spend you whole life wrap in cotton wool . you wanna play at be adventurer ? well welcome to the show ! first prize - you get to live , second prize , you do not . boo - fuck - hoo ! silence as they consider this . Victoria step forward , lean toward luko and kiss he hand . luko moan in pain . Victoria start to weep . Carl lead she away . josh George . I be begging you . please do not let he do this ! crazy GEORGE come away , josh . josh ( pleading ) there must be something we can do ? anything . 52 crazy GEORGE there be : you can do as Frank say . josh stand helpless . after a few second , he follow crazy George into the darkness . Frank approach he old friend . though barely conscious , luko seem to understand what must be do . cur to : josh flash he light back toward he father . Frank be hold luko 's head beneath the surface of the water . josh shudder and turn away . int . underwater deco habitat - one hour later the team float upon the surface of the moon pool , wear full dive equipment . Frank surface . josh still can not bring himself to look at he . frank ( grim ) that 's it . it 's tetally flood . a moment as they take this in . crazy GEORGE ( to victoria and carl ) alright . let 's start the buddy check ... Frank swim over to check josh 's rebreather . frank so I finally manage to get you into one of this ... josh ( flinching ) get the fuck off I ! a awkward silence . Frank reach forward and tug on josh 's harness , tightening he strap . josh avoid eye contact . frank crazy GEORGE keep hold of the line at all all gass on ? okay . start time ... I teach you how to callin' the number ... clear you mask ? josh carl yeah . a hundred time . oxygen 200 . trimix 220 . frank crazy GEORGE show I . buoyancy and bailout ? 53 josh sigh and demonstrate the technique . frank good . you keep you mouthpiece in at all time . flood the breathe loop and it 's all over ... josh ( provocative ) like jude , you mean ? frank ( not biting ) yeah . just like jude . josh look , I remember how to dive ! Carl have already take I through it ... frank well now you get to hear it twice . Green light 's good , red light 's bad . i'11 monitor you ppo2 and decompression . you remember what I tell you about decompression sickness ? josh carl check . crazy GEORGE ( to victoria Close you mouthpiece . carl here , let I ... victoria ( annoyed ) I be fine ! crazy GEORGE trimix set to 10/80 ? gradient factor 15/85 ? High setpoint at 1.2 ? bubble check ? okay folk , we be good to go ... no , ' cause I be stupid . crazy George suddenly lean over and grab josh . crazy GEORGE hey ! you wanna end up like I ? josh say nothing . crazy GEORGE then you better smarten up . you get bent down here , it 's gonna ruin you whole day . victoria ( sarcastic ) and we day be go so well . frank ( to josh and victoria ) we will have about four hour of decompression to do once we reach the other side . stay at the same depth as I , or you blood will start fizzing like a drop soda . 54 victoria nice. ( acid to Carl ) you actually choose to do this ? frank all right , let 's visualize the dive . visibility 's gonna be stir to shit , so we can not use the dpv 's . we have a long swim to the restriction . stay behind I at all time and pace yourselves . the tunnel get real tight in place . do not freak out if it silt up . just stay on the line and wait for it to clear . crazy GEORGE you want I to bring up the rear ? frank I will lead , follow by josh , then Carl , then you . ( beat ) Victoria at the back . Victoria glare at Frank . the implication be clear : Frank 's worried she will panic . frank ( continue ) focus on breathe . deep and slow . one person lose it down there , we all die . Victoria look sick with fright . carl ( patronizing ) you can do this , baby . be brave . Victoria glare at he murderously . frank everyone clear on the plan ? josh basically , we follow you , keep breathe and hope nothing beep . Frank and crazy George exchange a look . crazy GEORGE that 's about the gist of it . 55 frank any question ? no one say a word . frank I 'il see you on the other side . victoria ( deadpan ) not literally , I hope ? Frank flash the '' down '' signal . they sink beneath the surface . int . under the deco habitat . the water turn a dirty , blood -re ochre as the diver follow Frank into the ' mixing zone ' . they powerful hid light barely penetrate the thick cloud of silt that dance and swirl across they face mask . a surreal descent into a pinkish cloud of ghostly shadow . Frank locate the guideline and wrap josh 's hand firmly around it . josh follow Frank 's fin into the murk . int . underwater sump various shot as a thick shroud of silt cocoon the diver : Frank appear out of the gloom , he thumb and forefinger circle around the guideline . he sweep he arm up and down through the murk , like a blind man use a cane . he pass several plastic cave arrow , clipped to the line at interval , point the way back out . suddenly , the cave wall materialize in Frank 's hid light . josh jump in fright as Frank 's face suddenly loom out of the dark . they exchange '' okay '' signal and descend along the cave wall . crump ! Carl bang into the cave wall , dislodge a huge stalactite . he yell a muffle warning into he mouthpiece . crazy George curse as the stalactite whizze by , narrowly miss he . Victoria tighten she grip around crazy George 's wrist . they continue onward . 56 int . devil' restriction Frank lead the diver along the guideline until they reach the claustrophobic tunnel . it 's barely visible through the milky white - out . Victoria 's eye widen when she see how tight the restriction be . we hear she breathing increase as she fight the rise wave of panic . Frank circle he flashlight : ' okay ? ' he receive a shaky signal back from she . Frank and George remove the equipment pack from they harness and clip they around they ankle , so they can be drag through the tunnel . silt swirl . Frank remove he rebreather and hold it in front of he . the other nervously do the same . Frank signal for josh to ' buddy up 's with he . push he rebreather ahead of he , Frank disappear into the hole . after a few second , josh follow . int . body tube - devil' restriction . Pov josh : he follow Frank into the tunnel , keep he hand on the line at all time . Frank 's pack and fin can just be see scraping along the tunnel ahead . breathe . push . breathe . push . josh ( inner monologue ) stay green . please stay green . do not beep . please . do not fuck beep . int . underwater tunnel - devil' restriction back at the entrance , Carl disappear into the tunnel . crazy George turn toward Victoria and tap she on the shoulder . she jump . George show she a message on he wrist slate : " you can do it " , next to a smiley face . Victoria nod she head , grateful . crazy George squeeze she hand reassuringly . then he disappear into the tunnel . int . body tube - devil' restriction . a nightmarish sequence as the diver crawl down the body tube in near- zero visibilty : Frank glance behind he . the dull orange glow of josh 's light approach . they exchange ' okay 's signal . 57 further back in the tunnel , Carl wedge stick . he try to turn around but can not move . his breathing skyrocket . Carl brace himself and strain against the ceiling . White fragment of rock break free and dance like snowflake against he helmet . he eventually manage to pull himself forward . crazy George freeze as the ceiling start to creak and groan . he glance back and see Victoria wait patiently for he . they exchange ' okay 's signal . after a few second , George continue , he eye glue nervously to the ceiling . Victoria claw she way forward , follow crazy George 's equipment bag . her eye be fix with dogge determination . she 's humming a tune : '' onward christian soldier '' , to calm herself down . int . unexplored abyss . darkness . then the hazy glow of approach light . a thick cloud of silt billow from the tunnel in the cliff wall . like free-fall parachutist emerge from a cloud , the diver break through into the gin-clear water of the abyss . Victoria finally appear , a victorious grin on she face . crazy George swim over , shake she hand and then help she back into the rebreather . Frank show josh he vr3 dive computer : depth 102m . total deco : 245 minute josh nod he understanding . Frank flash everyone the ' up 's signal . various shot as the team slowly work they way up the cave wall , decompress every few foot . Frank swim over to check on the other periodically . the total deco time slowly tick down on they dive computer . crazy George hover next to Victoria , adjust she buoyancy as require . Victoria be shivering from the cold . George rub she hand , try to warm she up . Carl swim away from the other , far out into the abyss . he 's busy explore the far side of the cave . Frank signal for josh to ascend to the next deco stop . his eye narrow in concern when he see josh be not move . he swim over and catch he play the ' octopus ' video game on he vr3 dive computer . Frank mumble angrily into he mouthpiece and signal '' up '' . 58 finally , crazy George flash he beam to get everyone 's attention : the team visibly relax as they light reflect off the surface , far above they . int . unexplored cavern various reaction shot as the team surface . they remove they mouthpiece and gratefully suck down great gulp of air . then they gaze around they in wonder . the cavern be huge : a endless dessert of sand dune rise from the water and disappear into the darkness . a sunless sahara , with no sign of the wall or ceiling . crazy George throw back he head and emit a whoop of delight . his voice echoes into the darkness . int . unexplored cavern - the next day blackness . josh wake with a start and stare up at the cave ceiling . it take he a moment to remember where he be . Frank be busy change the battery in the flashlight . George be fill a dried food pack with water . Carl be sit alone on a rock , stare out into space . Victoria lie shivering inside she space blanket : she 's hypothermic and utterly miserable . GEORGE offer she some food . josh crawl toward the equipment bag and start rummage through the supplies . he pull out a food bag and walk down to the water . Frank crouch by the shoreline , he flashlight fix upon a submerge rock far out in the water . he 's watch , listen , feel the cave . frank how be the supplies look ? josh be still angry . he ignore he father . frank ( angry ) I say ... josh there 's food for a couple of day . frank this place will be underwater in a couple of day . josh ( derisively ) how do you know ? 59 frank see that rock ? last night it be above water . Frank march over to the equipment bag and pull out several item : a rope , compass and vertical gear . Carl shuffles over . carl how long before they come and get we ? frank who ? carl the rescue party . Frank smile at this . frank there 's no rescue down here , mate . only body recovery . carl but when word get out I be miss ... frank then what ? no amount of money be gonna save you now . folk up there already think you be dead . crazy GEORGE ( deadpan ) reckon I should of sell my delvenet share . Frank smile as he shoulder the rope . carl ( fuming ) I just want to know what the plan be . frank no plan ever survive contact with the enemy . and this cave just shat out every plan I have . carl ( shout ) then what , pray tell , do you suggest we do !?! Frank march over to he . 60 frank you could try call you lawyer , so they can sue I . oh , no . I forget ... Frank lower he voice to a angry whisper frank some fucker switch the comm off ! Carl go white as a sheet as Frank storm off . frank ( to josh ) stay here . I be go to scout ahead . Carl shout after he . carl ( calling after he ) I still think we should sit tight and wait a few day ! frank ( over he shoulder ) for what ? the light to go out ? battery will not last forever . Carl consider this . then reach up and switch he helmet light off . carl fucker . josh watch he father 's light disappear into the distance . after a few moment , he decide to follow he . int . sunless sahara a expanse of sand dune stretch along the bank of a underground lake . Frank follow the shoreline , flash he light around the cave . josh follow , keep out of sight . Frank pause to take a compass read . josh duck as Frank 's light swing toward he . when josh look up , Frank be go . josh consider follow . then gaze nervously around he . josh fuck it . he stumble back the way he come . 61 int . unexplored cavern back at the sump , Victoria be still shivering uncontrollably . a single light cast gloomy shadow across the wall . crazy GEORGE ( to victoria ) how you do ? victoria ( shivering ) i- I still can not feel my foot . crazy George lift the space blanket and pull off Victoria 's soak wetsuit bootee . crazy GEORGE they be like block of ice . crazy George start rub Victoria 's foot and leg . Carl cast a glance but decide to say nothing . victoria t- thank you , George . crazy GEORGE ai not nothin’ . victoria I mean back there . the way you h-hel I . it be ...was ... Victoria stop herself before she get upset . carl ( to GEORGE ) pity we illustrious leader do not share you humanity . crazy GEORGE Frank 's get josh to think about now . carl that man only think about himself . he would leave we all to die if he have to . crazy GEORGE do not go sayin ' that . ( try to convince himself ) Frank 's gonna get we out of here . 62 carl Christ , George . wake up . you see what he do to luko . what make you think he value we life any differently ? crazy GEORGE he just life by a different set of rule , that 's all . he do what need to be do . none of we have the stomach for it . carl precisely . and that 's what make we human being . victoria ( angry ) spare we the morality lesson , Carl . you have no right to judge anyone , least of all Frank . it be a mercy kill . carl yeah ? let 's see if the authority agree when we get out of here . victoria you can be such a asshole . carl I can not believe you be take he side in this ! victoria ( bitter ) he 's not the one who get we into this mess ! carl what 's that suppose to mean ? victoria you know damn well . sunless sahara josh scramble breathlessly to the top of a boulder pile . he look confuse and scared when he light fail to reveal the other wait on the other side . instead , a vast gaping tunnel lead further into the cave . 63 josh ( inner monologue ) fuck ! ( beat ) keep go , you be not lose . ( beat ) they have to be through there ... josh stumble on , deeper into the cave . int . unexplored cavern Victoria pull herself to she foot and stagger towards Carl . victoria you turn off the comm system . ( beat ) do not you ? crazy George look up . carl why the hell would I do that ? victoria ( exploding ) '' uncontactable until further notice ! '' well , we be pretty un - fuck - contactable now ! carl you be delusional ! victoria delusional ? look where we fuck be ! you may have just kill we all . a voice from the shadow . frank it do not matter now . Frank step out of the darkness . he 's overhear everything . frank ( continue ) none of it . what matter now be survival . carl you be enjoy this be not you ? make life or death decision . play god. 64 frank there 's no God down here , mate . this cave do not give a fly fuck about you , I , or Christ - all - mighty . we be speck of dust to she , pass through . carl what the hell be I think : let you talk I into this ? you be a fuck animal . even you son can not stand the sight of you . Frank glance around . frank where be josh ? int . sunless sahara josh reach the top of another dune . a vast expanse of nothingness lay before he . josh ( inner monologue ) fuck it . give they a shout , they be bound to hear you . ( beat ) you would never hear the last of it . ( beat ) admit it : you be lose . ( beat ) alright , retrace you step ... josh turn and flash he light back the way he 's come . Three identical - look tunnel lead into the rockface behind he . josh ( inner monologue ) oh , shit . CUT to : Frank and George be follow josh 's footprint . they end abruptly at the edge of a shingle collapse . frank josh ! josh ! his voice echoes eerily around the wall of the cave . crazy GEORGE quit freakin’ out . he will be fine . 65 frank goddamn it , George ! you be suppose to watch he ! crazy GEORGE the boy want to go off explore . ( grin ) remind you of anyone ? Frank scowl and storm away . crazy George smile as he watch he disappear into the darkness . crazy GEORGE ( in pain ) gnnnt George suddenly wince in pain . he lift he arm and flexe it , a concerned look on he face . CuT to : josh be about to enter the large tunnel when ... frank ( distant 0.s. ) josh ! he freeze as he hear Frank 's voice . but he can not tell which direction it 's come from . josh I be through here ! a few second of silence . frank ( closer 0.s. ) do not move ! keep talk ! josh ( slowly circle ) what do you want I to say ? ( beat ) I think I have find the way forward ! ( beat ) I be just come to tell you ... blam ! a hand shoot out of the dark and grab josh by the shoulder . Frank spin he around and shake he . frank I think I tell you to stay with the group ? josh I - I ... 66 frank you get lose down here and it 's all over . do not ever wander off again ! understand ? josh bristle in anger and slap Frank 's hand away . josh get off I ! josh 's voice echoes into the far distance . Frank 's head snap up : it sound like the cave go on forever . crazy George step out of the shadow , still flex he wrist . he grin through the pain and slap josh on the back . crazy GEORGE shoot , I reckon the boy 's do find the way forward ! int . football field chamber a vast chamber , larger than several football field . no sign of the wall or ceiling . Three speck of light appear in the distance . two more light trail behind they . josh plod along next to crazy George . they both struggle under the weight of they rebreather and also carry a heavy equipment bag between they . crazy George keep flex he hand every few second , a worried expression on he face . josh asshole . he 's a fuck asshole . crazy GEORGE Hell , he 's just tryin' to look out for you . easy enough to get lose in a place like this . josh nothing 's ever good enough . I remember write a school project for he once . a cave diving adventure . he hand it back to I with a list of technical note ... crazy GEORGE ( a knowing smile ) yeah . Frank sure like to give a lotta note ... josh I be seven year old , George ! 67 crazy GEORGE do you hear about the time Frank really fuck up ? josh try to conceal he interest . crazy GEORGE ( continue ) couple of year ago , he 's in the outback , check out this massive hole , name of ... crazy George grind to a halt , confuse and then a little scared as he struggle to remember the name . crazy GEORGE damn , what be that place call ? he drop the equipment bag and lean , exhaust , against a large rock . josh look at he , bemuse . crazy GEORGE ( shaking he head ) anyhow , he back he truck right up to the water , so he can tie off he line . then he do he dive . crazy George take a long pull of water from he flask . crazy GEORGE on the way back out , he see the entrance be block by a vehicle , sixty foot underwater . and he 's like : " shit , that licence plate look familiar " . ( beat ) he would only go and leave the handbrake off ! josh smile . crazy GEORGE ( continue ) have to smash open he back window , just so he could swim out ! josh laugh . crazy GEORGE ( chuckling ) and then he have to haul he sorry ass back over 60 mile of desert ! ( beat ) he 's a hell of a guy , you old man . once you get to know he . josh consider this . 68 crazy GEORGE ( beat ) take the bag will ya ? go on , I will catch up directly . crazy George wait until josh have go , then start scribbling number onto he wrist slate . his hand be shaking uncontrollably as he write : 101-7 = crazy George struggle to do the math . after a few second , he realize he can not work out the answer . crazy GEORGE ( scare whisper ) ah , shit ... he open the mouthpiece on he rebreather and flush the loop with the button mark oxygen . breathe from the rebreather , he stagger after josh 's light . int . bottom of boulder pile , football field chamber football field chamber end in a huge mountain of rubble that disappear into the higher reach of the cave . Victoria collapse , shivering on a rock . she watch Carl 's light ascend up the debris slope , far above she . victoria ( annoyed ) Carl ! wait for I ! a voice in the darkness startles she . Frank step out of the shadow . frank be you okay ? victoria ( shivering ) hot bath and a brandy and I would be fine . frank we 'il camp here . Frank nod toward Carl 's distant light . frank ( continue ) I be guess this be a little more adventurous than he usual excursion ? victoria next year we be stick to disneyland . 69 frank how would you ever wind up with a guy like that ? victoria I ask myself that question every day . ( beat ) I be one of he guide on everest. ( smile ) bastard have I fire so I have come and work for he . how about you ? how have you get involved with the dot- com devil ? frank usual sponsor would have turn this into a circus . twenty guy , all with different agendas . I have deal with enough of that fuckstick to last a lifetime . rock clatter down the slope as Carl reach the top . frank I figure you boy up there be the best way to get some real exploration do . ( beat ) this be not quite what I have in mind . Victoria smile as she gaze into Frank 's eye . victoria well . I be glad you be here to look after we . frank do not go fool yourself . down here , you be on you own . a voice from the darkness above they . carl Victoria ! you have to see this . it 's incredible ! Victoria shake she head sadly and start climb the boulder pile . ext . top of boulder pile . Carl stand on top of the high boulder . the team stagger up the final few yard to join he . 70 carl welcome to ' Carl 's Cavern 's . Frank and crazy George exchange a wither look . flash ! Carl 's powerful camera strobe reveal the vastness of the chamber they have just walk through . the wall and ceiling be cover in million of delicate white straw . carl ( clicking photo ) hey , josh ! get up here . we will make the cover of ' National geographic ' yet ! crazy GEORGE ( to frank ) National lampoon , more like . josh scramble up to the high boulder and pose for Carl . Frank storm over and snatch the camera off Carl . he hurl it far over the edge of the boulder slope . after a few second , we hear it smash apart below . a moment of tension as Carl and Frank face each other . suddenly , Carl launch himself at Frank . George stumble between they . crazy GEORGE whoa ! let 's calm it down ! carl ( scream ) you fuck asshole ! you fuck , fuck , fuck asshole ! frank yeah , yeah , yeah . carl why the fuck would you do that ? what give you the fuck right to do that ? to I ? Frank push past George and grab Carl by the throat , slamming he against the boulder . frank you listen to I ! when they pull we body outta here , they be not find no goddamn tourist shot . not of I and not of my son , grin like a idiot ! understand ? josh let he go ! crazy GEORGE Jesus , Frank . you be choke he . victoria Frank , please . let he go . Frank release Carl . Carl slump to the floor , clutching he throat . frank they ’1l1 find we with we tank empty and we finger scrape to the bone . Frank turn to josh . frank ( continue ) they be not hand you mother a goddamn photograph . Frank storm away , back down the boulder slope . int . bottom of boulder pile - next morning tight on Frank : look grim as he fit the last set of batteries into the flashlight . he shoulder he pack and start kicking everyone awake . frank c’mon . let 's move . various groans as everyone roll over in they space blanket in a vain attempt to go back to sleep . frank ( roaring ) now ! int . tunnel various shot : Frank lead the team along a series of narrow tunnel , wind ever upwards . several smaller tunnel branch off . Frank ignore they and continue move forward . int . the drop the tunnel end abruptly at the edge of a sheer drop . no way forward . the team collapse to the floor , utterly exhaust . Frank crouch at the edge of the precipice and launch a rock . 72 after six second , we hear a distant splosh ! carl maybe we miss something ? we could always go back ... frank we be not go back . Frank toss the rope down into the drop and secure it . frank ( to victoria ) I want you to start ferry the other down as quickly as possible ... victoria ( shivering ) I - I 's will try . I be just not sure I c- can hold a r-ope anymore ... josh I 'il do it . give it to I . Frank cast a quick glance at Carl . frank no ! josh sag and slouches away . Frank call after he . frank I need a good rope man below . josh swell slightly at this veile compliment and start eagerly prepping he vertical gear . Victoria flash a approve smile at Frank . Frank shrug as if to say '' yeah , yeah '' . Carl amble over to crazy George , who be rest further down the tunnel , breathe oxygen from he rebreather . he quickly conceal he shaking arm as Carl approach . carl ( concerned ) you okay ? crazy GEORGE Hell , yeah . just catchin’ my breath . carl ( whispering ) why the fuck be ' Captain caveman 's take we deeper ? make no sense at all . 73 crazy GEORGE ( shrug ) guess he 's follow the river . carl all the way to the ocean ? crazy GEORGE if that 's what it take . crazy George go back onto oxygen . Carl call over to Frank . carl we have be climb for six hour now ! surely we must be close to the surface ? frank ( studying the rock ) I reckon we be about ... thirty foot from the surface . Carl gaze up in astonishment . and hope . frank but unless you bring some dynamite , that be not gonna help we much . carl we could at least split up and search that passageway we pass ? frank they be too small . we go back down . and hope the lower cave be not flood yet . carl I say we vote on it . frank ( laughing ) you wanna wake up and have a word with yourself . this be not no democracy . Frank step off the edge of the drop and rappel down into the darkness . josh clip himself onto the rope . carl josh . help I search that tunnel . josh deliberate . 74 carl you do not have to do everything he say , josh . you and I can find we own way out of here . frank ( 0.s. ) josh ! get down here ! josh glance down at he father 's light far below . he shrug and cast Carl a apologetic look . josh disappear over the cliff . Carl glower after he . carl ( annoyed ) idiot . Carl shoulder he pack . carl ( to victoria ) c'mon . let 's go . Victoria glare up at he , shiver and miserable . she slowly shake she head . victoria I - I be stay with they , Carl . tight on Carl : a angry and betrayed look upon he face as he struggle to deal with this rejection . int . below the drop Frank stand waist deep in a underground lake , hold onto the bottom of the rope . he gaze up at josh 's light far above he . ziiiiiip ! josh zoom down the rope and break hard , bounce to a halt only inch above Frank 's head . Frank shoot he a disapprove look . frank quit showin’ off . wait here and help the other . i’1l scout on ahead . Frank shoulder he equipment bag and wade out into the water . josh ( disappointed ) when do I get to scout ? frank soon as you stop get lose . 75 int . the drop crazy George be rappeling down a particularly steep part of the shaft . his rebreather dangle several foot below he , act like a pendulum . his face be screw up in pain as he edge he way down the sheer cliff wall . crazy GEORGE gnnnng ! his body suddenly spasm , he fist clamping up into a tightly ball fist . crazy GEORGE ( scare whisper ) oh , Christ . not now . please not now ... a shout from above cause he to look up . Victoria peer down at he , a concerned look on she face . victoria be you okay ? crazy GEORGE I - I be fine ! momentarily distract , he do not notice he long hair slip into the five - bar rack . George push himself weakly off the wall . ziiip ! he plunge several foot down the rope , he hand too weak to operate the brake . his hair get yanked violently into the rack , almost scalping he . in extreme pain , he grit he tooth and remain silent , reluctant to let the other know he be in trouble . crazy GEORGE ( annoyed , to himself ) that 's just great , George . call the fuck rope police . he swing himself painfully toward a rocky ledge . tries to transfer he body weight . success ! a sigh of relief . reaching toward he dive knife , he carefully start saw away at he trap hair . int . below the drop josh spot something float on the surface of the water . fishing it out , he realize it be a clump of hair . curious , he flash he light up the shaft . 76 int . the drop crazy George have almost freed himself from the tangle . as he go to cut the final strand of hair ... crack ! the rock ledge support he suddenly crumble . shnick ! his knife slice clean through the descent rope . crazy George start to fall , he hand scramble to find purchase , he fingernails scraping the rock until ... crazy GEORGE ( continue ) unnnng ! his finger wedge into a ledge . he cling precariously to the edge of a 300ft drop , he leg and rebreather dangle above the void . crazy GEORGE ( continue ) shit shit shit ! int . below the drop josh gaze up in horror as the rope coil into the water around he . int . the drop Victoria feel the rope go slack . she shout down the drop . victoria off rope ? CUT to : crazy George shake he head at the irony . crazy GEORGE no shit , I be off rope ! a shout from below . josh ( 0.s. ) rig another drop line ! now ! CUT to : 77 Victoria lean over the edge and see crazy George cling to the ledge far below . the severe rope hang several foot above he head . no way he can reach it . victoria ( to carl ) fetch the rope ! quickly ! Carl scramble toward the equipment pack . as he tear through it , a dreadful realization hit he . carl Frank have the rope bag ! CUT to : crazy George 's hand shake uncontrollably as he try to pull himself back up . it 's impossible . he peer down and see josh 's light far below he . he close he eye in terror and mumble a quiet prayer . ext . below the drop josh yell out into the darkness . josh dad ! dad ! no reply . josh 's eye narrow in fierce determination . he steel himself , grab the end of the severe rope and tie it to he harness . josh hold on ! I be come up ! victoria ( 0.s. ) no! josh ! stay where you be ! josh start to free-climb the sheer wall of the shaft . CUT to : in a last desperate effort , crazy George swing he leg toward a narrow crevice . transferring he body weight , he manage to unclip the carabiner support he rebreather . it fall away into the darkness below . CUT to : josh navigate he way up a vertical crack in the rock , he foot slip on the treacherous wall of the shaft . he lean precariously toward a handhold just out of he reach ... 78 smack ! the rebreather smashes into he , spin he off the wall . josh start to fall . lightn reflex as josh manage to grab a narrow ledge . the rebreather smashes apart on the rock below . josh spot a ledge on the opposite side of the shaft and leap toward it , just manage to cling on . josh ( gasping ) this be tough enough without you throw thing at I ! a voice from below . frank josh ! there 's a ledge to you leave ! josh gaze down at he father 's light far below he . then he start to climb . CUT to : Victoria and Carl can see josh edging he way up the wall toward crazy George . victoria he 's nearly there ! hold on ! CUT to : crazy George 's grip be finally about to give way . crazy GEORGE I - I can not hold on ! josh two more second , while I rebelay ! crazy George peer down and see josh hammering a bolt into the smooth cliff wall several foot below he . crazy GEORGE I be slip ! frank ( 0.s. ) no ! josh be right beneath you ! josh below ! josh let the hammer fall into the darkness . CUT to : 79 Frank leap to one side as the hammer splashes into the water . he gaze up at josh , flinching with every movement the boy make . CUT to : josh clip he cow's tail into the bolt , then reach out toward crazy George . crazy George swing tantalizingly out of he reach . adjusting he foot , he lean out further . josh ( continue ) I - I have ... get you ! josh grab crazy George 's harness . just as George 's grip give way . crazy GEORGE ahhbhh ! crazy George tumble away into the darkness , take josh with he . josh keep a firm grip on George 's harness and after a few foot ... twang ! his cow's tail snap taut , slamming they both violently against the wall of the shaft . crazy GEORGE gnnn ! crazy George spin invert , josh clutching he harness . he look up at he , clearly terrify . josh pass you safety ! crazy George 's hand shake as he reach below he and grab he cow 's tail . josh ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) now pull yourself back up ! quickly ! crazy George slowly inch the rope toward josh 's outstretch finger . josh finally grab he carabiner and ... click ! snap he into he own harness . with a grunt of relief , josh release he grip . they both swing free , hang suspend in mid air . breathless and exhaust . crazy GEORGE ( smiling gratefully ) and I think they call I crazy ! 80 josh thread the severe rope into the bolt and rappel down with George dangle below . int . below the drop Frank be perform a full neurological exam on crazy George , who be breathe oxygen from Frank 's rebreather . his own rebreather lay smashed on the rock around he . crazy George be have trouble focuss on Frank 's finger as he wave it in front of he face . josh watch from a few foot away , supervise the rope as the other rappel down . frank ( to josh ) see how he leave eye be tracking much slower than the right ? josh nod he head . frank helium bubble . wedge in he spine . ( to George ) you have bent yourself good and proper this time . crazy George take the mouthpiece out and pat the oxygen cylinder in the rebreather . crazy GEORGE ah , quit worry . couple more hour of this shit and I will be right as rain . ( beat ) just remind I not to smoke . frank ( smiling ) soon as we find some deep water , we will recompress you . crazy GEORGE ( beat ) that be a hell of a thing you boy just do , Frank . Frank walk over to josh and place a hand on he shoulder . frank yeah . it be . josh can not believe it . a compliment ? from Frank ? Frank shoulder one of the rebreather and wade out into the darkness . he pause below the drop and gaze up . 81 frank ( with a wink to GEORGE ) course , I no have stick to the leave - hand side of the shaft . much better hand -hold . josh and crazy George exchange a look . josh roll he eye . int . river tunnel the deafen roar of a waterfall can be hear close by . Frank and josh be busy rigging the easiest route downstream . josh look back to see crazy George staggering through the waist - deep water . josh ( concerned ) what 's gonna happen if he can not walk any more ? frank ( deadly serious ) I 'il have to kill he . josh look shocked . then realize Frank be joke . Frank cast a admire glance back toward crazy George . badly injure , yet still help Victoria navigate the river . frank ( laugh ) we ’1ll stick the poor bugger on oxygen at 10 meter . he will be right as rain . they walk on for a few pace . josh you think we could do something safer next year ? like climb the North face of the eiger ? frank ( grinning ) yeah , sure . I reckon I owe you that . ( beat ) no rope though ? josh walk on . Frank watch he for a few second . frank I have not be the great father , josh . I realize that . josh stop in he track . 82 frank I guess I just get too hook into all of this . josh turn and stare at he . frank but it be never really about exploration . this place be my church . Frank gaze reverently around the cave . frank my sanctum . the only place I get to hold a mirror to my soul . ( beat ) I do this because I have to . josh ( bitter ) yeah ? ( beat ) must be real nice for you . josh walk off . Frank sag visibly as he be overcome with a enormous sense of guilt and loss . he reach out and grab the cold cave wall for support . then gaze sadly after he son . int . waterfalls the river suddenly disappear over a series of three waterfall . a steep cliff border the edge of the fall : no easy way down . a thick mist fill the air . Frank have to shout to be hear above the roar of water . frank reckon you can find the way down ? josh piece of piss ! Frank flash he a disapprove look . josh ( wearily ) I will be careful . frank we will rig the zip line ! Frank wade back over to the shallow at the edge of the fall and pull a 50 meter rope out of the equipment bag . 83 Victoria sit on a rock a few foot away , shivering uncontrollably . she 's help crazy George keep he mouthpiece in place . Frank 's eye register concern : crazy George 's condition have worsen considerably . he 's turn blue and he facial muscle now droop like a stroke victim . frank ( continue ) how you do , tough guy ? George weakly flash he a " okay " signal . frank ( pointing ) ( continue ) look like there 's a deep pool below the fall . hang in there . wo not be long now . CUT to : on the far side of the river , josh navigate he way down the treacherous rock lining the fall . it 's a torturous descent . CUT to : Frank and Carl brace themselves against the flow and wade toward a rocky island that sit midstream above the waterfall . frank pass the cam ! Frank slip a large cam into a crack in the ceiling while Carl prepare the drop rope . cur to : josh arrive at the pool below the last waterfall : it 's deep and crystal clear . josh quickly fix a cam into the wall and flash he light up toward Frank . CUT to : Frank receive the signal and throw the rope far over the fall . josh grab the rope as it float past he . he secure it to the cam and tie it off . cuT to : Carl and Frank heave on the rope . the rope tighten , form a zip line above the three waterfall . 84 carl ( to frank ) I have it ! start send the equipment down ! Frank clip the rebreather and equipment bag to the rope . the first rebreather be launch over the waterfall and zip down the line , splashing into the plunge pool beside josh . another rebreather zoom down the line second later . the equipment bag soon follow . frank George ! you be next ! Victoria help crazy George to he foot . they stagger forward . Pov crazy George : as he wade through the water toward Frank , he world start to spin . vertigo assault he sense . he lurch toward the edge of the fall . crazy GEORGE Frank ... i... his world continue to kaleidoscope until ... splash ! crazy George faceplant the water and be wash toward the edge of the fall . Victoria be drag into the water with he . carl ( pointing ) Frank ! Frank leap into the water . as crazy George sweep by , Frank grab he and heave he toward a boulder midstream . crazy George cling weakly to the boulder as Frank flash he light around , look for Victoria . carl over there ! Victoria be cling to a rock at the edge of the fall , buffete by the cascade of water . Frank wade out toward she , brace himself against the ferocious flow . he manage to grab she safety rope , just as she grip give way . Victoria disappear over the edge of the fall . she hang invert from she harness , engulf by the torrent of water that pound she against the rock . Frank struggle to keep hold of she safety rope . curt to : 85 at the bottom of the fall , josh be about to unclip the rebreather from the rope when he hear Victoria scream . josh race back up the waterfall . CUT to : Frank be slowly be drag over the edge of the fall , he hand and foot scramble to find purchase . Carl release the zip line and stagger over to help they . frank ( to carl ) no ! stay on the rope ! Carl turn back but it 's too late . twang ! the zip line whiplash through the anchor bolt and disappear downstream . CUT to : josh be climb the waterfall below Victoria when he see the zip line suddenly go limp . a glance downstream confirm he worst fear : the two rebreather clipped to the end of the rope be be wash away . a shout from above . frank ( 0.s. ) josh ! grab the rope ! we be lose the equipment ! josh spot the rope in the pool below he . it 's slowly be wash downstream . josh glance up at Victoria , still hang invert fifty foot above he . he deliberate : do he help Victoria or save the equipment ? josh make he decision . he continue to climb up toward Victoria . CUT to : Frank curse in despair as both rebreather disappear downstream . frank josh ! goddamn it ! cut to : Pov Victoria : through the savage jet of water , she can see josh 's light approach from below . she manage to pull she head out of the ferocious flow and into a airspace behind the waterfall . gasp for breath , she call down to josh . victoria ( half drowning ) josh ..! no !...! 86 josh draw level with Victoria . he edge he way toward she , cling perilously to a narrow ledge behind the fall . Water pound he body . his foot slip and he only just manage to save himself . josh glance down fearfully at the rock , fifty foot below he . Victoria pull she head back up toward Frank , coughing and spluttering as the water pound she face . victoria ( pleading ) Frank ! let I go ! Frank gaze down at Victoria , a cold look on he face . Carl 's grip tighten on the rope . carl no ! we have to save she ! Victoria scream at the top of she lung as she see josh 's light edging it 's way toward she . Frank spot it too . victoria ( to frank ) y...got to ....et I go , Frank ! you will ... lose we both ! tight on Frank as he coldly accept she decision . CUT to : Victoria swing she head back into the airspace behind the fall . josh have reach the point of no return . he 's reach precariously toward Victoria . Eye contact be make . josh g- give I you hand ! CUT to : Frank release the rope . it be violently rip from Carl 's hand and disappear over the fall . CUT to : josh be leave stare at the space where Victoria use to be . josh nooocoooce ! CUT to : Victoria plunge 50 foot into the ' wash machine ' , a roaring cascade below the fall . buffete from all side , she be unceremoniously spat over the second waterfall . 87 blam ! she hit the water hard and be immediately drag down by the cascade of water . crack ! her head dash against a rock below the surface . blood cloud the water . badoosh ! Victoria be throw over the second waterfall and drag below again . beneath the water , Victoria struggle weakly toward the surface but cannot move . look down , she see she safety rope have jamme between two rock , trapping she underwater . a wave of euphoria wash over she as she hypoxic brain start to shut down . Victoria desperately tug on the rope , weaker and weaker until ... blip ! a final cloud of bubbles be exhale . CUT to : josh be slip and slide he way back down the rock toward the bottom of the fall . josh Victoria ! Victoria ! he reach the final 30ft drop . his flashlight reflect off Victoria 's body beneath the surface . there be no quick way down . sploosh ! josh leap off the cliff into the pool below . his light flick through the water to reveal Victoria 's lifeless body float a few foot away . she be suspend in mid-water , hang by she safety rope . josh try to swim toward he but the current be too strong . he claw he way across the bottom , raging in anger and frustration . with a cry of despair , josh be force to release himself . he float back to the surface . dissolve to : a dream -like sequence as the team react to Victoria 's death : Carl be hysterical . sob uncontrollably . punch the water in anger and frustration and cursing Frank . crazy George look utterly defeat . he crawl weakly to the edge of the river and collapse next to Frank . Frank gaze down at josh from the top of the fall . 88 josh drag himself out of the water and cling to a rock , gasping for breath . he stare up at he father . a murderous hatred in he eye . dissolve to : int . river rapid various shot as the team stumble they way downstream , follow the raging river . Frank lead the way . a grim look on he face as he navigate the best way downstream . he be wear the last remain rebreather . Carl flash he light back toward crazy George and josh . he consider return to help they , but be too exhaust . he stagger downstream past Frank , he face set in stone . crazy George be in a bad way . josh have to support he as he stumble across the rock . Frank wait for they . Frank help drag crazy George across a set of rapid . he reach back to offer josh a help hand . josh refuse . a moment of tension as they confront each other . josh push past he , into the darkness . four light , continue steadily downstream until finally ... int . sump below chimney the tunnel end abruptly at another sump : a shallow pool where the river disappear beneath a cliff . a small entrance beneath the surface mark the continuation of the underwater cave . the team wearily pull themselves out of the water and crawl up the muddy shoreline . everyone be physically and emotionally exhaust . a depressed silence engulf the group . josh gently ease crazy George to the floor . crazy George curl himself up in a ball , feverish and moaning in pain . josh lift he head clear of the mud . josh ( angry to frank ) he can not go any further . he need oxygen , goddamn it ! Frank lift the rebreather off he back and shoot josh a accuse look . 89 frank I already tell you . this be all we have leave . now . josh ( bristling ) what 's that suppose to mean ? frank ( beat ) it mean , we need it to get out . Frank flash he light around . a dry tunnel lead upwards . frank up there . we will be safe up there . josh from what ? a nuclear fuck attack ? carl ( excite ) over here ! Frank stagger forward . Carl 's light have reveal several footprint in the entrance to the tunnel . Carl begin to sob with relief and excitement . carl footprint ! this must be the way out ! josh a - be you sure ? Carl race back and start shaking josh . carl we be get out of here ! you hear ? we be gonna live ! Carl stagger drunkenly back up into the tunnel . carl oh thank - you . thank - you Jesus thank - you , thank - you , thank - you ... Frank continue to examine the footprint , a grim look on he face . josh ( to frank ) you look disappointed . piss off someone beat you to it ? 90 Frank glare at josh . then turn he attention to crazy George . frank help I get he somewhere dry . Frank haul crazy George to he foot . he gaze at Frank ina half - conscious daze . crazy GEORGE S - sorry to be such a b-burden , Frank . Frank smile sadly at he old friend . int . chimney Frank and josh drag crazy George up the narrow tunnel . the river have become a distant roar below they . they stagger out of the tunnel and emerge inside a tall , dry , chimney - like room . Carl be kneel in the center of the chimney . josh stagger forward , flash he light around the wall . carl do not bother . there 's no way out . josh how can you be sure ? Carl direct the beam of he light toward the back of the cave . josh reel in horror : the skeletal remain of two diver lay on the floor , they bone hold together by they wetsuit . the body be arrange to suggest a violent struggle take place . dried blood stain the wall and floor . one of the diver 's skull have be smashed apart by the other stage cylinder . josh ( horrified whisper ) the miss diver . carl ( resigned ) we be all go to fuck die . 91 int . chimney Frank be on the far side of the cavern , busy check over the remain rebreather . his flashlight cast ghostly shadow over the cavern wall . crazy George lay in josh 's arm , moaning in a feverish sleep . Carl glance down at he crack tag heuer dive watch . Broken now . josh why have you keep look at that ? carl I be wonder when it stop . josh it 's be four day now . it will just be get dark outside . carl I should be fly home right now . josh and Carl hear the faint wisp of coleridge echoing around the cave . carl ( urgent whisper ) he 's out of he mind , josh . just listen to he . we should have check out that tunnel . we could have be out of here by now , instead of be force on some suicide mission ... josh he 's convinced there 's dry cave on the other side of the sump . carl ( sneering ) yeah ? well buddy - breathe through , two at a time be insane . josh you get a better plan ? ( beat ) we can make it . if it 's not too far ... frank ( 0.s. whispered ) in xanadu ... do kubla Khan ... frank ( 0.s. whispered ) a stately pleasure dome decree ... frank ) ( 0.s. whispered ) where alph the scared river , run ... frank ( 0.s. whispered ) down to a sunless sea . 92 carl and what if there be no air pocket , josh ? what then ? josh glance toward the macabre skeleton . and shudder . tight on Carl : he can not take he eye off the remain rebreather . fade to black . int . chimney - next morning Frank sleep , tuck inside a rocky crevasse . he look like he 's part of the cave wall . josh shake he awake , a concerned look on he face . frank what be it ? int . sump below chimney Frank and josh stand by the water . the last rebreather be miss . no sign of Carl . frank Son of a bitch ! josh maybe he 's scout ahead ? Frank flash he a look . josh the tunnel could choke ? then he have have to head back . frank either way , we lose . josh what be we go to do ? Frank gaze around the cave . then march back up to chimney . frank we find another way out . 93 int . chimney Frank sit in a depressed trance , clicking he fade flashlight on and off repeatedly as he stare at the skeletal remains of the two diver . josh watch he from a distance as he tend to crazy George . crazy George 's condition have worsen overnight . he lay in josh 's arm , barely conscious . crazy GEORGE ( delirious ) F - Frank ? josh it 's josh . crazy George suddenly start to cry . crazy GEORGE I - I can not move my leg anymore . josh say nothing . he glance over at he father . CUT to : suddenly , Frank 's eye narrow as he notice something unusual about the skeleton . scramble like a crab , he clamber over the rock to investigate . CUT to : josh scrutinize Frank 's unusual behavior from a distance . crazy GEORGE ( scare whisper ) l-luko be here . last night . I reckon he come for I , josh ... josh do not talk like that . try and rest . crazy George suddenly grab josh . crazy GEORGE do not let they ... come for I , josh . josh who ? crazy GEORGE ( terrified ) they ... 94 crazy George point into the dark . macabre shadow dance across the wall . sinister shape josh 's imagination prefer to ignore . josh shudder . josh nothing 's go to hurt you . I promise . CUT to : crouch down , Frank examine a curious dark stain on one of the skull . his finger come away dirty . he sniff he finger and cast he beam toward the ceiling . CUT to : crazy George lapse into unconsciousness . josh check to see he be still breathe , struggle to fight back he tear . suddenly , Frank loom over he , a manic look on he face . he throw the skull down into josh 's lap . josh jump . frank ( intense ) a samurai prepare himself each day for he own death . that 's what make he invincible . josh gaze up at he , a worried expression on he face . Frank suddenly grin at he . frank c'mon . we be get out of here . josh h-how ? frank we will float up through the ceiling . josh suddenly look scared . his father be clearly insane . Frank wipe the dark stain off the skull with he finger and wave it in front of josh 's face . josh wrinkle he nose . josh ( disgust ) what the fuck be that ? frank bat guano . follow I . CUT to : Frank and josh focus they beam high on the ceiling of chimney . 95 josh you be say there 's a tunnel up there ? frank yeah . trust I . josh we lose all the vertical gear . how be we go to climb up ? Frank hand josh a large boulder from the floor of the cave . then grab one for himself . frank we do not climb . we float . int . sump below chimney Frank and josh carry the boulder down toward the sump . badoosh ! Frank heave he boulder into the water and watch it sink toward the entrance of the underwater tunnel . josh you be go to dam the river ? frank we will flood the cavern . the water will carry we right up to the ceiling . josh that all take forever ! Frank be already on he way back up to chimney . frank you get something better to do ? splosh ! josh throw he rock into the water and reluctantly trudge after he father . dissolve to : various shot as Frank and josh carry rock after rock down toward the river . it 's backbreak work . josh seem determine to select bigger rock than Frank . wetsuit be remove as the sweat start to pour down they body . 96 josh crawl over to check crazy George 's condition . Frank collapse at the edge of the sump and start gulping down the muddy water like a parched beast . josh gaze down at he in revulsion . Frank gaze guiltily at crazy George as he stagger past he : but he 's too focuss on the task at hand to stop . Frank and josh be soon cake in mud . they look like primal being , barely human . josh start gulping down the muddy water along with he father . the pile of rock continue to grow until ... splosh ! josh toss the last rock in place and collapse into the mud next to Frank . a massive pile of boulder now seal the underwater cave . frank ( grim satisfaction ) it 's work . Frank shine he fade beam toward the shoreline . the water be already creep up toward they . josh roll over onto he back and whoops for joy . josh ( laughing ) not bad . ( beat ) for a old man . Frank 's face almost crack a smile . almost . Frank offer josh a shaky handshake . josh be about to grasp he hand when ... badoosh ! the river smashes it 's way through the dam , scatter they effort downstream . josh gaze in horror as he world collapse . josh no. nononononononono! josh sag to the floor and start to sob . he 's finally reach he break point . Frank gaze at the cave wall , a resign look on he face . suddenly he burst into hysterical laughter . josh explode into a fierce rage . josh goddamn you ! you make I believe ! josh start hurl rock after rock at the uncare cave wall . Frank can not stop laugh . josh start throw stone at he instead . it only make Frank laugh more . 97 josh ( continue ) you ...made ...me ... believe ! josh collapse onto the floor , sobbing uncontrollably . Frank eventually calm down . he approach he son , wiping the tear from he eye . frank c'mon , get up . josh why do I ever listen to you ? why ? we be never get out of here . why can not you just admit that ? frank we be get out of here . josh no we be not ! and that 's okay ! we fuck try ! we give it we best shot ! frank quit whining . engage rational think . josh ( finally losing it ) fuck you ! josh hurl another rock at Frank . this time he really mean business . Frank duck as the rock smashes against the wall . josh fuck you , fuck Carl and fuck this goddamn cave ! ( scream ) fuck it ! fuck -it -all !!! josh roll onto he back and lie there gasping for breath . Frank watch he dispassionately . frank finish ? josh just let I die . that 's all I want . just let I die . frank we do not have time . 98 Frank disappear into the darkness , leave josh in the mud . after a few moment , josh start crying . great wrack sob shudder through he body , leave he a quivering mess , devoid of all humanity . josh close he eye . cur to : josh open he eye . they be cake in mud , tear and sweat . he sit up and gaze around he , unsure of he surroundings . his vision blur as a dim light fall across he face . he watch the light approach . hold out he hand in fear . josh ( terrified ) l-luko ? frank you be not dead yet . it 's Frank . carry a rock toward the water . splosh ! Frank heave the rock into the sump and turn back toward chimney . josh can see a fresh pile of rock in the bottom of the sump : Frank have be busy rebuild the dam . josh stagger to he foot . his vision whirl as he stagger after he father . he 's in a state of nervous exhaustion . dissolve to : a hallucinogenic nightmare sequence as josh help Frank be - build the dam . the coleridge poem repeat itself over and over , lay siege to josh 's mind . josh { inner monologue ) in xanadu ... do kubla Khan ...a stately pleasure dome decree ... where alph ... the sacred river run ... down to a sunless sea ... the tunnel whirl in and out of focus as he carry each rock down to the sump . Pov josh : the rock transform into a school book : '' dadn dive '' by josh mcguire age seven . a hand - draw picture of a diver , with Frank 's note scribble in the margin . the coleridge poem become a annoying nursery rhyme , building in intensity over the follow ... Frank gaze up at josh . josh lift the rock and smashes it into Frank 's face . splosh ! the water shatter as Frank 's reflection disappear . 99 luko 's reflection appear in its place . then Victoria 's . they be both scream as they drow . josh reach for they just aswee Frank 's reflection return . he reach toward josh . flashback to 25 year -old frank , dress in short and a t-shirt , pick up 5 year -old josh and play '' AIR - guitar '' with he while a ac - DC tune blast in the background . Frank spin josh around and around in the brilliant sunshine . they be in they back garden . josh be laughing as they spin faster and faster . josh 's mum ( 20' ) can be see in the background , barbecue . her eye be fill with love . then concern . she 's point into josh 's paddling pool . luko and Victoria 's lifeless body float below the surface . the young Frank suddenly start shaking josh like a rag doll . his face a mask of anger . suddenly , he face transform into the death mask wear by the shaman . josh start to scream as ... CUT to : real time : Frank shake josh awake . frank .. ear what I say ? we have get to get out of here . now ! josh blink and gaze around he . he 's stand in waist - deep water . the light from they flashlight have dimme considerably : the battery be almost dead . the dam be complete . the water level have already rise several foot and be work its way into the chimney tunnel . josh and Frank be unrecognizable : cover from head to foot in mud , they finger and face cut and bloody . they collapse into each other arm , share a significant moment of accomplishment and achievement . then they stagger back up toward chimney . int . chimney crazy George sit slump against the far wall , he head rest against he chest . josh race toward he and excitedly shake he awake . 100 josh George ! we have to go now ... josh freeze . his hand come away cover in blood . George 's eye flutter open . crazy GEORGE ( barely audible ) so c-c-cold ... so v-very cold . josh lift crazy George 's arm . his dive knife clatter to the floor . josh realize in horror that he 's use the blade to open he own wrist . josh what have you do ? we be get out of here ! what have you do ! Frank race over . he coldly ass the situation . crazy GEORGE reckon I 's no s-save you the trouble , F - Frank . Frank nod and kneel next to he friend , hold he hand . crazy GEORGE ( smiling ) do not look so ...sad , josh ... you can nort ... get bury ... deeper ... the sentence hang in the air . crazy George be dead . a roar of water . Frank turn and flash he light towards the tunnel . the river be already pour into the chimney . in second they be waist deep . josh and Frank stand in silence and watch crazy George 's body disappear beneath the water . josh ( inner monologue ) you have no control over this . accept it . Frank and josh stare long and hard at each other as the water continue to rise . then Frank start grab they remain item of dive equipment : mask , fin . a wave of water hit they . they start spin around the cavern , carry higher up the wall . the ceiling suddenly loom close : sure enough , a small exit tunnel can be see above they head . 101 Frank reach up and make a grab for the ceiling . he can not reach . he try again . fail . frank it 's no good . i- I can not reach it . suddenly , Frank 's flashlight flicker and die . frank pass I you light ! as josh pass Frank the final flashlight , Frank 's eye narrow in concern . the dull beam reveal a black tidal MARK around the wall of the chimney , leave by the fall water . frank ( scare whisper ) the dam 's give way . josh h- how can you tell ? frank tidal mark . the water 's drop . the same think cross they mind at the same time : they reach up toward the ceiling . it 's already further away . suddenly , a grotesque gurgling SOUND fill the air . in the center of the chimney , a mass of float debris suddenly start to spin . josh see it too : a black whirlpool be steadily form around they as the water subside . frank quickly ! josh swim over to Frank , who wedge himself into a crack in the cave wall . josh clamber up onto he father 's body and manage to grab a outcrop of rock on the ceiling . cling to the ceiling like spiderman , josh inch he way across the roof and up into the escape tunnel . he reach down toward he father . Frank be already fight to stay afloat as the whirlpool spin he around the cavern . josh go to grab he father . miss . grab again . just manage to clutch he hand . neither of they speak . a simple look indicate the sudden shift of power . josh haul he father up out of the water . they gaze down as the water in the chimney get noisily flushed away . 102 then they final flashlight flicker out . total darkness . a long unbearable silence . frank ( deadpan ) Christ . it 's blacker than the inside of a dog . after a few second , josh start to chuckle at Frank 's line . then he laugh out loud . this cause Frank to burst out laughing . they hysterical gale of laughter fill the cave , echoing off the wall . dissolve to : int : bat belfry entrance tunnel tight on josh 's face as he crawl along a narrow tunnel . the only light now come from he cheap indiglo dive watch . josh pause and point he watch back down the tunnel . Frank 's face eventually appear in the dim blue glow . josh ( panting ) we ...we can ... rest here . there 's not much battery leave ... Frank nod understanding . the light snap out . suddenly , we hear Frank sniffing the air . josh what be it ? frank Fresh air ! after a few second , josh realize he can dimly see he father . josh be that ... daylight ? the sound of they both scrabbling forward in the dark . glimpse of elbow , hand , then they face appear , as the light in the tunnel grow steadily brighter . int . bat' belfry . josh reach a small body tube in the cave wall . dim light can be see through the tunnel . josh shiver in delight as a gust of wind howl through the hole , ruffling he hair . josh close he eye and inhales deeply . he smile at he Father . 103 frank after you , son ... josh crawl into the hole . int . bat' belfry - day josh pull himself out of the body tube and gaze in disbelief . a enormous dome - shape cavern , the size of a Olympic stadium . sunlight pour in through a skylight in the ceiling , 200 foot above they head . a tantalize glimpse of blue sky as the godly shaft of light pierce the gloom . swallow and bat swoop around josh , dance in and out of the sunlight . josh flash he light around the wall and ceiling : they be sheer , smooth and impossible to climb . josh ( devastate ) there 's 's no way out . Frank appear next to he . he notice josh 's expression of bitter disappointment . frank c'mon . let 's check out the other side . they stumble forward into the light . CUT to : josh and Frank scramble up the pile of debris that 's form directly below the skylight . as they clear the top they freeze : a m4 -a2 sherman tank lay at the bottom of the slope , rest on its side . it 's cover in 60 year of bat guano but otherwise it 's perfectly intact . frank now there 's something you do not see every day . they scramble down to investigate . frank there be a tank battalion station here during the war . ( beat ) we must be close to the ocean . 104 josh glance up at the skylight far above they . josh Christ . do you think anyone survive the fall ? Frank heave open the turret hatch . the skeletal remains of a crew member fall out . the skull roll toward josh . frank guess not . Frank reach inside the tank and pull out a pack of skration . he throw the pack to josh with a big grin on he face . frank hungry ? cuT to : a roaring FIRE burn brightly in the center of the cavern , illuminate the wall and casting a cheery glow . Frank douse another fallen branch with gasoline from the tank 's jerry can and hurl it onto the flame . whoompth ! josh sit on top of the tank , wolfing down a bar of chocolate . he sigh at the indescribable pleasure of each mouthful as he bask in the heat from the fire . josh ( mouth full ) this. is. Fucking . amazing . josh glance up at the skylight . billow smoke rise up into the blue sky . josh you think someone will see we ? frank hope can be a dangerous thing . we find we own way out . josh gaze at the cave wall . josh it 's almost like it 's teasing we . prank cave do that . 105 josh yeah ? this one 's really start to take the piss . frank do not take it personally . we be here , now . and that 's all that matter . until we accept that , we be never get out of here . int . bat nos belfry - night darkness . a dim blue light bathes josh 's face . he snap awake and gaze around he , a confuse look on he face . josh D - dad ? frank what ? josh spot the star and moon shine down through the skylight . josh nothing . just check . josh gaze up at the star . after a while he close he eye . int . shingle slope . bat 's belfry - day josh 's improvise torch split the darkness . narrow strip of uniform , soak in gasoline and wrap around a rifle butt . josh be search the shadow at the far side of the cavern . Frank 's torch can be see in the distance . early morning sunlight pour down through the skylight . josh arrive at the bottom of a steep shingle slope and scramble up to investigate . int . belfry exit tunnel at the top of the slope , josh find a small tunnel in the cavern wall . it lead steadily downward . josh dad ! over here ! 106 int . body tube the tunnel soon narrow . sweat bead josh 's brow as he squeeze he way down the tight body tube . the torch singes he hair and almost burn he face . josh turn back toward he father . Frank be crawl through the tunnel a few foot behind he . josh listen ! int . connecting sump . the sound of running water . josh 's head pop out of a small hole in the ceiling of a medium -size cavern . he throw he torch to the floor before gracefully ease himself down . josh stand on the shoreline of a small lake . the river gushes out of the deep pool and disappear down a half - flood tunnel . josh eagerly start explore the room while Frank struggle to get down from the hole . crump ! Frank enter the room far less gracefully than josh . josh 's torch reflect off a object lay on the muddy shore : Carl 's rebreather . josh bend down to inspect it . both gauge read '' empty '' . josh Carl 's . Frank nod grimly . shine they torch ahead of they , they cautiously enter the tunnel . int . debris tunnel josh and Frank wade through the waist deep water , follow the sluggish river . they torch reflect against the obsidian black wall . josh wrinkle he nose in disgust . float in the water around they be dozen of drowned rat . josh push they aside and continue onward . the tunnel become fill with debris that have be wash down by the river : tree branch , vegetation and the rotting carcass of several dead animal . josh start recognize rebreather part and dive equipment , smashed and break along the rock lining the tunnel . 107 int . dantexs nightmare rounding a corner , the tunnel end abruptly in a small room fill with half - submerge rock . the rock act as a drain : collect any debris that 's be flushed into the cave . josh cover he nose and fight the urge to retch : the stinking effluent have form a fester lake . a moan in the darkness cause they to spin around . cari sit shivering in the darkness . he be almost unrecognizable : he face be cover in blood , mud and bruise . madness rage in he eye as he raise he hand to protect himself from the harsh glare of they torch . half-eaten rat carcass litter the shoreline around he . a pile of dead flashlight lay discard at he side . Carl stagger toward they , as if in a drunken stupor . carl y - you come for I . i- I know you would ... Carl lift he hand toward the torch and caress the flame . carl ( hypnotised ) so ..- beautiful . Beyond price . I have have give ... anything . everything . just to see again . josh pull the flame away from he . carl h- how long have I be in the dark ? a week ? a month ? Frank and josh exchange a glance . josh you leave we three day ago . Carl 's face register confusion . then fear . he slump to the floor and start to cry . carl you ... have to help I . we have to ... - help each other ... help each other get out of here ... Carl grab josh 's leg . Frank observe , stony -face . 108 carl I only go to ... scout ahead , josh . I be ... go to come back for you . but the current be ... too strong . josh kick Carl away from he . carl you ...- you have to believe I . ask the other ... if you do not believe I ... ask the other ... josh what other ? carl ( manic whisper ) they ! Carl back up against the cave wall , shivering in fear . he cast a terrify glance toward the far side of the cavern . carl ( terrified ) they be here ... all of they ... follow Carl 's gaze , josh and Frank shine they torch into the dark reach of the chamber . it 's a scene from Dante 's own nightmare . scatter among the debris be the hideously mangle remain of jude , luko , crazy George and Victoria . the river have pummele they into a twisted mass of skin and bone . they lifeless eye stare accusingly at they . Carl lie in the mud , ranting at the darkness carl ( muttering incoherently ) now ... we be all here , I should call .... the office ... Frank ignore Carl . he wade toward jude and start tear she rebreather apart , so he can salvage both she cylinder . carl tell ... tell they we be delay . you bring the phone with you ? I have a meeting in just over a hour . we should arrange a press conference ? send photo ... Frank coldly sift through jude dive rig . he find four cylume chemical light stick , tuck behind she wrist slate . 109 he coldly read the word he have write onto she slate : '' trust I ! '' . Frank throw the light stick over to josh . frank c'mon . we be get out of here . Carl crawl over to josh and grab he hand . carl take ... take I with you . please . josh pull he hand away .. carl you be not to leave I here ! I demand you take I with you ! josh and Frank cast a final glance down at Carl . they look at each other . then turn and walk down the tunnel . carl ( 0.s. ) josh ! josh ! int . connecting sump Frank and josh be kneel by the shoreline , fitting jude cylinder into the rebreather . frank I reckon we be only a couple of mile from the ocean ... Frank nod toward the water . frank we can buddy breathe through the sump . follow the river . that will lead we out ... suddenly , a strange look cross Frank 's face . he glance down in confusion and fear . josh be you okay ? frank oh...fuck ... josh reel back in horror . the tip of a dive knife be stick out of Frank 's ribcage . Frank slump to the floor . Carl kneel behind Frank hold the bloody knife . he lift it toward josh 's throat . 110 carl give I that fuck light ... Carl grab the cylume light stick off josh . carl we ...we can still get out of here ... alive , josh . you and I . now we have this ... I want you to fit .... fit the oxygen tank ... josh stare down at he father 's body in shock . Carl push the knife hard against josh 's throat . a sliver of blood appear . carl ( scream ) do it ! josh nod obediently . he reach down and grab the oxygen cylinder . lift it into the rebreather . carl ( a glance at frank ) that ... son of a bitch ... have it come , josh . he have have ... kill we all . even you . you realize that ... do not you ? I be act in ... self defense ... josh slowly nod in agreement . carl life 's ... not a dress rehearsal , josh . sometimes ... you ... you have to ... suddenly , Frank moan . Carl 's eye narrow in concern . he lift the burning torch to take a closer look . josh ( cold ) seize the day ? josh crack open the oxygen cylinder valve . whooomph ! a sheet of flame engulf Carl . Carl be on fire . he reel backwards scream in pain . Carl flail around the cavern floor in agony , he skin blister . fshhhhhh ! a cloud of steam as Carl roll into the sump to douse the flame . Carl surface , gaze around in fear and confusion just as ... 111 badoosh ! josh leap onto he in a primal , brutal fury . various quick cut as they roll through the muddy water , reduce to animal in pure , savage survival mode . bite . claw . gouging . it 's ugly . visceral . almost unbearable to watch . Carl see the dive knife lay in the mud where he drop it . he crawl toward it . josh drag he deeper back into the sump . Carl scream in fear , claw the mud . he kick josh in the head . josh release he . Carl grab josh by the throat and force he head under the water . smack ! josh 's knee thud up into Carl 's ribcage , wind he . Carl slump into the water , gasping for breath . he turn around just as ... crack ! josh smack Carl in the face with the rock . Carl drop to the floor . josh scream in rage as he leap onto Carl and start pound he head with the rock . josh put ... you ..- fucking ... name ... on ...- this ! suddenly , blood spatter josh 's face . josh gaze down in horror and drop the rock . he collapse to the ground and crawl through the mud to check if Frank be still breathe . josh start rescue breathing . Frank 's gape chest wound hiss noisily with each breath . Frank eventually cough up blood and open he eye . gritting he tooth in pain , he reach toward josh . frank the - the rebreather ? josh glance toward the sump . the rebreather be smoulder by the water 's edge : the oxygen cylinder still on fire . josh shake he head sadly . Frank moan in despair and pain . josh use the knife to cut a strip from he wetsuit . he start pad Frank 's wound . Frank gaze toward Carl 's unconscious body . 112 frank ( in pain ) be he ... dead ? josh I - I do not think so . Frank suddenly grip josh 's hand and look he dead in the eye . frank kill he . do it. quickly . before he wake up . josh consider this . then heave Frank toward the sump . josh let 's just get out of here . josh pull the diluent cylinder from the smoulder remain of the rebreather and clip it onto he harness . frank t- there 's not enough gas for ... both of we . take it , josh . leave I and ... ahhhhh ! Frank cry out in pain and fear . josh ( fighting back tear ) I '' - I be not leave you here , dad . Frank gaze around at the cave wall . he 's suddenly fight for breath . frank listen ... listen to I ... you have to ... trust I on this . trust the cave .. follow the river . it 'il lead you out ... josh it will lead we out . josh drag Frank out into the water . as he pull Frank 's mask into place , a groan from the shadow cause josh to look up . Carl be crawl through the mud toward the die torch . his face be cover in blood and burn . he reach for the flame . just as it flicker out . carl no! noooooooce ! 113 Carl be plunge into eternal darkness . int . underwater chamber a eerie yellow glow fill the underwater sump as josh crack open a light stick . Frank and josh bounce they way down the underwater cliff wall , into the depth of the sump . as they hit the sandy bottom , they see a small tunnel disappear into the dark . pfft ! josh crack open the diluent cylinder and snatch a breath directly from the valve . bubbles explode and pop around he . he offer the cylinder to Frank , crack the valve open so he can take a breath . then josh grab Frank 's harness and pull he into the tunnel . josh swim directly above Frank , orchestrate the task - load job of buddy - breathing from the diluent cylinder , while pull they both along the wall . josh ( inner monologue ) open. breathe . Close . pull. open. breathe . Close . pull. open. breathe ... after a while , the routine become fluid , like a beautifully choreograph ballet . two people , work as one . various shot : the tunnel soon narrow into a tight restriction . josh swim through , then reach back and pull Frank after he . a lazy current carry they down a widen passageway . they drift through a huge chamber : spectacular speleothem connect the ceiling to the floor . Frank 's rattled breathing be grow steadily weaker as they continue . josh and Frank ascend up a underwater cliff wall . they surface inside a tiny air bell : only six inch of airspace . josh tilt he head back and gulp down several deep breaths . josh ( breathless ) you ... you get water in you mask .. here ... let I ... josh remove Frank 's mask . Frank loll , unconscious . 114 josh dad ? dad ! josh have to shake he father back to consciousness . Frank blink , spit blood and gaze around weakly . josh you gotta stay with I ! frank ( weak ) N - no more . please . leave I here ... it ... hurt so bad ... josh drag he father 's mask back in place . josh just hang on . it can not be much further now ... josh crack open another light stick with he tooth . they descend . they enter another beautifully decorate room , break through the shimmer halocline , from fresh water to salt water . josh glance up : they exhalation bubbles break the glassy surface of a air-filled chamber . josh kick weakly toward the surface . int . dry cave josh drag Frank high up the shoreline and collapse into the thick black clay cover the floor . josh gaze around : another vast and featureless air-filled cavern : he light stick barely pierce the dark . josh hello ! josh sag wearily as he voice echoe into the far distance . the cavern be huge . no obvious way forward . Frank suddenly cough up more blood . he 's struggle for breath and shivering in pain . josh gaze down at he numbly . josh shuffles over and open Frank 's wetsuit zip to inspect he chest wound . his eye widen in fear as he remove the blood - soak dress . Frank 's lose a lot of blood : a red river trickle down the shoreline . Frank moan in pain . frank j- josh . l-l- leave I ! 115 josh shhh ! easy now . ( obviously lie ) can you feel it ? there 's a breeze come from somewhere . we must be close . josh stagger to he foot . he crack the third cylume stick and hand Frank the old one . josh I be go to scout ahead . ( smile grimly ) do not worry . I will not get lose . josh wade he way along the shoreline , he foot sucking and oozing into the knee - deep clay . after a hundred yard , something make he stop and look back . josh suddenly look very frighten . he retrace he footstep to find ... Frank have go . josh follow the trail of blood down to the water edge . josh dad ! Frank be lay with he face in the mud , desperately try to suck water into he lung in a attempt to kill himself . josh race over and pull Frank 's face clear of the water . Frank rage in anger and frustration as josh drag he back up the shoreline . frank unnng ! goddamn it ! kill I ! do this for I . josh . kill I . please ... you have to ... have to ... Frank suddenly reach up and touch josh 's face . frank ( intense ) .+- forgive I ... josh what for ? Frank lapse into unconsciousness . his head loll against josh 's knee , only inch from the water . josh stare down at he father , shaking in fright . suddenly , josh grab Frank 's head and hold it above the water . josh ( inner monologue ) do it ! do it ! do it !... 116 josh stare at he hand , transfix as it inch Frank 's mouth down into the water . the water be about to cover Frank 's nose when ... josh pull Frank 's head back up into he lap . he throw back he head and weep openly , cradling he father 's head in he arm . he can not bring himself do it . dissolve to : long continuous shot as we follow a set of muddy footprint along the shoreline of the river . next to the footprint can be see the deep imprint of a object be drag . the footprint go on for what seem like mile . we hear a mantra echoing across the distant wall . speak lyric from a old song . josh ( 0.s . ) '' it be not easy ... livin 's free ... season ticket on a one - way ride .... askin’ nothing ... leave I be ... takin 's everything in my stride ... '' ... shit ... how ... how 's ... the next bit go ? we follow the footprint over a huge debris slope . then down the other side , back into the river . josh ( 0.s ) '' do not need reason ... do not need rhyme ... ai not nothing that I would rather do ... '' goddamn it !. help I out ... this be you ... stupid song ... finally , the dim yellow glow of josh 's light stick can be see in the distance . josh stagger along the knee - deep river , he father hoist across he back in a fireman 's carry . the diluent cylinder drag in the water behind they . it 's backbreak work . josh be mumble to himself , close to a complete emotional and physical breakdown . the sound of a waterfall can be hear directly ahead . josh ( 0.s . ) '' go down ... Party time ... my friend be go to be there too .. I be on a ... '' josh emerge into ... 117 int . crystal palace . a cavern of magnificent wonder and beauty . the chamber be finely decorate with million of delicate calcite straw , hang from the ceiling . josh 's light stick reflect the exquisite crystal formation that cover every inch of the wall . a fine mist fill the air . the river disappear into a vast circular pit in the floor of the cave . around the pit , several other river cascade out of the cavern wall to form one great one big circular waterfall plunging into infinity . josh ( hushed whisper ) '' , .. highway to hell '' . josh gently lower he father to the edge of a shallow pool . then stumble to the edge of the precipice and gaze down . he throw he fade cylume stick over the edge and watch it disappear into the darkness . a bottomless pit . no way down . no tunnel lead on . josh crack open the final light stick and fall to he knee . josh smile as he gaze around the cavern , finally accept he reality . his face reveal a peaceful reverence . he 's breathe the cave in . feeling it . finally get it . dissolve to : josh sit in a shallow pool overlook the fall . Frank be cradle in josh 's arm , unconscious . josh gaze around at the cavern . then lean over and kiss he father . Frank 's eye flicker open . he gaze up at josh , a serene look on he face . Frank close he eye . then nod , once . josh gently lower he father 's head beneath the surface of the water . there 's no panic . no drama . josh watch he father die as if it 's the most natural thing in the world . after a few second it 's over . josh ( whisper ) I love you , dad . josh close he eye . darkness engulf we . dissolve to : 118 josh stand confidently at the edge of the cliff clutching the diluent cylinder and the light stick . he turn and take a final look at he father 's body , float lifeless in the pool . josh steel himself , turn and step out into the darkness . int . free falling cliff Pov josh : stare at the yellow glow from the light stick as he fall through the darkness . the occasional glimpse of the cliff wall and the waterfall flash by . the sinister howl of wind as the air rush past he . josh ( inner monologue ) here . now . this be who I be . who you make I . int . final river badoosh ! josh plunge into a deep pool of water at the base of the fall . he break the surface , coughing and spluttering before be whisk away by a fast flow river . boulder loom in the dark . josh steer himself around they as best he can . a cliff wall suddenly materialize . the river be be suck underground at a ferocious rate . josh take a final deep breath just as ... int . ocean tunnel josh be suck down into the inky blackness . he allow the river to sweep he along . crunch ! he be slam against the side of the tunnel . ding ! his diluent cylinder scrape along the ceiling . crack ! his facemask shatter . josh rip it from he face . josh tumble head over heel , bounce off the wall on a roller - coaster ride into hell itself . josh grab a desperate breath from the diluent cylinder and wave he light stick around . Pov josh : in the dim beam , he can see the hazy outline of marine coral cover the tunnel , suggest he may be close to the ocean wall . int . ocean entrance the current suddenly subside and josh find himself drift down a wide tunnel , fill with beautiful coral sponge . he allow himself to be carry by the current . he have a calm look upon he face . no fear at all . 119 pffft ! every few second , he reach down and take another breath from the diluent cylinder . bubbles dance and pop against the ceiling of the tunnel . pffft..fff..f..t...... suddenly , the diluent cylinder be empty . josh smile , shrug and let it fall . inverting himself so he 's stare up at the ceiling , josh can see bubble from he previous exhalation form a tiny AIR pocket in the ceiling of the cave . he see he hazy reflection in the bubble . josh take a sip of air from the bubble and watch it trickle further down the tunnel , like mercury . josh follow the bubble , gaze in wonder as it get smaller and smaller with each breath he take . his reflection steadily reduce until ... shloop ! a final breath ... and the air pocket have go . josh turn away from the ceiling . a school of yellow - tailed jack suddenly dart into he light . the fish circle he , become temporary escort as they lead he further down the tunnel . Pov josh : a dream -like aura cloud he vision , slow he every movement . he 's suffer from hypoxia : severe lack of oxygen . his heartbeat can be hear hammer in he chest . josh 's vision finally start to narrow . shapes warp and spin around he . the sound of he heartbeat grow steadily louder until ... bloompth ! josh exhales he final breath . josh relax . he release the light stick and watch it float away into the darkness . as he sink to the floor of the cave , he be convinced he can see he father gaze at he from the shadow . josh reach toward he . then blackness engulf he . int . sea cave — day darkness . the distant echo of wave shushing against a shore . another sound , less define . the sound of child 's laughter . suddenly , a tiny shaft of brilliant white light pierce the gloom . the dime-size beam track slowly across a rock and illuminate josh 's hand . the light move slowly up he arm and across he chest until it finally caress he face . josh 's eye flicker open . 120 stare down at he be the smile face of six - year old local boy wear a snorkel mask . the boy laugh and wave a yellow tailed snapper in josh 's face . local boy ( pidgin english ) yes mista . you wantem pem sum blue fish ? hem ee good tu-mah ! josh slowly sit up . he 's lay on the shoreline of a sea - cave : a dome -shape room connect directly to the ocean via a gape underwater entrance . Blue shaft of light from the ocean flicker across the wall . josh gaze up : a skylight in the ceiling cast a brilliant beam of sunlight down into the cave . it 's stunningly beautiful . josh smile . the local boy take josh by the hand and lead he back into the water . other child can be see in the ocean entrance , spear fishing with snorkeling gear . the boy continue to laugh and chatter as he pull josh across the surface toward the blue window . josh duck beneath the surface . ext . papua new guinea coastline - day the glassy ocean be rent asunder as josh break the surface . a local fisherman gaze down at he from he dugout canoe , a surprised expression on he face . josh gulp down a deep breath of air . he throw back he head and float , gaze up at the sun . fade to black 121