sandman by Ted Elliott and Terry rossio second drft April 12 , 1998 fade in : ext . churchyard - night close on : a word carve in stone : ' dream '. begin credit pull back to reveal the full inscription : 'for in that sleep of death what dream must come . ' it 's carve on a large obelisk grave marker . beneath the inscription be a name : thibault , and date : 1861-1917 . pull further back : perched on the marker be a stone effigy of the angel of death , wing spread wide , half - smile on she face . and further back : ropes be wrap around the marker . the rope tighten , and the marker be suddenly pulled over , the camera take off with it -- the marker be drag along , through deep grass ... then with a bump it 's on a dirt road , then over a bridge . it 's drag by a team of horse . rain start to fall . the marker pull away , continue on toward -- burgess manor , a dark outline against the gray marble sky -- end credit int . burgess manor - garage - circa 1930 be - night the garage be once the carriage house . several luxury car , circa 1930s , fill the bay . the marker lie in a empty one . two man stand nearby . one be roderick burgess . a commanding presence , radiating a charisma both disturbing and mesmerize . he be in he early twenty , but he soul be much older -- and darker . the other be smith . Middle -ag , face draw , he peer out of the garage furtively . he 's worried , preoccupy . a white clerical collar be almost hide beneath he coat and scarf . smith ( hopefully ) the rain will wash out the track ... burgess move slowly to the marker . burgess I have find it . crowley could not . mather could not . only I could . 2 . smith I do not see anybody on the road ... burgess be not listen to he ; he 's preoccupy with the marker . he examine it gleefully , reverently . burgess thibault have it steal from the vatican Library -- that 's common knowledge . but then it disappear . he tell yeat he would destroy it . but he do not . he could not . and now -- I have find it . smith I do not think anyone see I . burgess finally look at the man . cock he head , amused . burgess do not worry , vicar . no one see you . no one know what you have do -- except you and I . and god. ( insinuate ) just like you other little ... peccadilloe . the vicar shut he eye in pain . smith please ... ( look at burgess ) what they say be true . you be the most wick man alive . burgess ( chuckle ) I have always like that title . he grab up a sledge hammer , startling the other man -- as he intend . he smile , and smashes the hammer down on the marker . another blow . another -- the marker be hollow . Hidden inside be a large oilskin bundle . burgess drop the sledge . lift out the bundle . burgess unwrap it carefully . Inside be a thick book . burgess the magdalene grimoire . finally . the book be heavy , leather bound , brittle with age . burgess page through it greedily . it be fill with tiny , cramped write , arcane diagram , drawing . 3. smith that 's it then ? you can do it now ? you can ... capture the angel of death ? burgess death be not a angel . she 's one of the Endless ... who exist long before angel ... and will exist long after the final cherubim have sung its last hosanna . smith heresy . burgess for you sake , hope it 's not . the magdalene grimoire be all the order of ancient Mystery need . with it , we will summon and imprison death . ( beat ) and I will command who shall live ... and who shall die . smith then ... you will keep we bargain ? ( no answer ) please -- you will keep you promise ? burgess of course , vicar . you have my word . you will not die . and you will never have to stand in the judgment of you god. ( clasp he on the shoulder ; cheery ) good night . he exit the garage , for the main house . Smith look down at the marker , at the shattered effigy of death . smith thank God -- he catch himself , realize he should not be praying . his eye fill with tear ; he slump . smith what have I do ? 4. int . burgess manor - cellar - night candle burn in the darkness . robe figure inscribe a large circle on the floor -- chalk white against the black stone . runic character decorate it . acolyte it be midnight , Lord magus . burgess it be time . elspeth , love ..? a beautiful young woman nod adoringly . she crouch on all four at burgess ' foot . item be place on she back : a ceremonial bowl , inside which float a human heart . a long twisted knife . a feather . coin . the magdalene grimoire . she be a human altar . burgess open the book . he begin to intone , display the item as he name they : burgess I give you coin I make from a stone . I give you a song I steal from the dirt . I give you a knife from under the hill . and a stick I stick through a dead man' eye . I give you a claw I rip from a rat . I give you a name , and the name be lose . he jab he forearm with the knife . blood drip onto the feather . burgess ( cont 'd ) I give you blood from out of my vein , and a feather I pull from a angel 's wing . he throw the feather into the circle . burgess ( cont 'd ) I summon with poison , and summon with pain . I open the way and open the gate . come . the acolyte echo the word ' come . ' burgess ( cont 'd ) I summon you in the name of the old lord . namtar . allatu . morax . naberius . klesh . vepar . maymon . we summon . the acolyte chant ' come . ' 5 . burgess ( cont 'd ) from the dark they call you ... into the dark they call you . coin and song , knife and stick ... in the center of the circle , the air shimmer -- burgess ( cont 'd ) claw and name , blood and feather ... here in the darkness ... the air solidify , take shape -- the acolyte echo ' here in the darkness . ' burgess ( cont 'd ) here in the darkness , we summon you together . come ! there be flash -- -- and a black - cloak figure materialize in mid-air . his head and face be cover by a helm that look like the skull of some dead ancient god ( which it be ) . a large , vibrant heart - shape ruby adorn he neck . a small leather pouch hang from one hand . -- and then the figure collapse . he lie splay on the floor , in the center of the circle . the acolyte be hushed , amaze . acolyte we do it . I do not believe it . we do it -- burgess no . we fail . this be not death . damn it to hell . silence from the other as burgess consider the figure . burgess even so ... strip he . the acolyte nod , reach across the circle -- -- and scream as he arm twist violently , torque by some unseen force . burgess shove he away from the circle . burgess fool ! if you would break the circle , he could have escape ! he grab elspeth by the hair , slashes with the knife -- 6 . elspeth 's head loll to one side . burgess catch she before she collapse . acolyte my god -- burgess let elspeth fall to the ground . he hold he hand up like a surgeon . they be stain with elspeth 's blood . careful not to break the circle , burgess step close to the capture figure . with bloody hand he strip off the cloak . he take the ruby . he take the pouch . and then he remove the helm -- the face reveal be bone white , frame by jet black hair . a aquiline nose and high cheekbone , a face carve from finest marble -- save the eye . this be obsidian , deep as the universe -- and stare directly at burgess . he be the personification of dream . he be sandman . burgess draw back , unsettle . burgess ( shake ) ... I think , at day 's end , this will have be a very profitable evening 's work . with a gesture , he order the acolyte out . burgess continue to stare at sandman as he back out of the room . the door to the room pivot on a axis ; the other side be brick . it be clearly a secret room . the door swing shut . sandman lie on the floor , unmove . and then -- -- a single , small tear slip down he cheek -- from somewhere in the empty room come the SOUND of water dripping , slowly . in the corner , a drop of water slip from a pipe , course down the wall to the floor . dissolve to : ext . the world - various a scratchy recording of ' dream a Little dream of I ' fade in and out . we see image , drift , dreamlike , draw from news reel , photograph , drawing : a bread line . Gandhi . astaire and Rogers , dance . flagpole sit and dance marathon . Hitler at a rally ... 7. int . burgess manor - cellar - circa late 1940s - night close on : sandman 's eye . he 's sit up now , hugging he knee to he chest . but still unmove . burgess , nearly twenty year older , sit in a chair opposite he , study he . burgess I know you can grant I boon . power . immortality . a promise you will not seek revenge . ( beat ) well ? I know you can understand I . say something ! sandman do not respond . do not move . just stare . burgess ( cont 'd ) damn you . the door pivot , and alex burgess push in . he 's seven , and he want nothing more than to please he father . he carry a large folio , dusty and fall apart . alex Sir ! I find it ! burgess yes , Alex ? alex see ? here . in the paginarum fulvarum . he leaf through the folio . it be fill with old drawing and painting . we catch quick glimpsis of figure title destiny , death , desire , figure we will learn more of later . alex you say he have to be one of the Endless . but it be not death . and it 's not desire , or despair -- or destiny . that would be brilliant if you would catch he -- um ... burgess have fix he with a stern look , humbling he . alex ( cont 'd ) uh , anyway ... here . he find the draw he 's look for , display it : a heirmonyous bosch -like portrait of sandman in he helm and cloak . terrify . the draw be inscribe ' here be say thee kinge of dreme . ' 8. alex ( cont 'd ) see ? he 's dream. ( read ) morpheus , Lord shaper . the Prince of story ... the sandman . burgess take the folio , examine it , nodd . burgess yes . I be hope you would work it out on you own one day . and you have . well do , Alex . alex thank you , father -- burgess Father ? alex ( chastise ) thank you , Lord magus. ( gather he courage ) Sir ... since you know he true name , can not you make he do what you want ? burgess cretin . that kind of magick be too trifling for he and he ilk . the Endless be not mortal alex but if they be god -- burgess they be not god . god come and go . god fade away . alex but ... be we safe ? what if he brother and sister come after we ? burgess brood on this ... glance at a shelf . on it lie sandman 's helm , pouch and ruby . he finger the helm . burgess Protection can be have . deal can be strike ... ( to Alex ) you have never see a summoning , have you , son ? tonight , you will . we will conjure a demon of hell . and trade this -- ( lift the helm ) -- for we safety . ( more ) 9 . burgess ( cont 'd ) ( turn to leave ) inform the acolyte . alex yes , Lord magus . but what about ... what about he ? burgess he will not get out unless the circle be break . and the circle will not be break unless I order it . he leave , Alex trail . sandman watch they go .. in the corner , a drop of water slip from a pipe , course down the wall to the floor . twenty year have wear a channel in the stone ; the drop flow along it . and then another ... dissolve to : ext . the world - various more time go by , more image , dreamlike : mccarthy in the Senate . lenin review a May Day parade . Walt Disney open disneyland . hula hoop , 3 - D movie , elvis . the kkk march on Washington . all accompany by the everly Brothers ' version of ' all I ever do be dream . ' int . burgess manor - cellar - circa 1960S - night the door push open . burgess enter , slightly drunk . at sixty , he 's still handsome and vital . with he be -- rachel . beautiful in the extreme , radiating sexual heat . dress in the counterculture style of the day . she be giggle -- then draw up short at the sight of sandman . rachel my God ... it 's true . she circle sandman slowly . Alex , now in he twenty , have follow they into the room ; he watch Rachel 's every step . rachel he 's magnificent . and you catch he , Lord magus ? burgess smile -- but it fade when Alex speak . alex actually , it be a mistake . he be try to -- 10 . burgess shut up , Alex . rachel be he a demon ? burgess ( shake he head ) he 's more dangerous than any demon I have know . he scoops up the pouch from the shelf . burgess ( cont 'd ) here . this be what I tell you about . ( open the pouch ) the stuff that dream be make of ... alex ( to himself ) ' make on . ' quote it right , you old idiot ... he go unheard as burgess sprinkle some of the sand into he own hand . it sparkles . he hold it out to Rachel . burgess no matter how much you take out , there 's always some leave ... try it . rachel how do I ..? sniff it ? burgess sniff it , swallow it , rub it on you skin ... pour it in you eye ... it do not matter . Rachel consider . put one finger in she mouth , moisten it , roll it in the sand . with a wick grin , eye never leave burgess ' , she trail she hand down toward she jeans -- burgess stare , panting slightly -- her finger slip beneath the waistband . between she leg -- burgess oh , Rachel ... you be a wild one ... she smile , show she tooth -- she eye go wide . she be see something beautiful , rapturous . she be see life as a dream . rachel oh ... oh , my ... 11 . roderick set the pouch down , move to Rachel . begins to nuzzle she neck , undress she . she respond to he -- -- but she eye never leave the pouch . Alex 's gaze linger on Rachel as he back away . then he step discreetly out of the room . and sandman continue to watch ... and wait ... int . burgess manor - cellar - night the door open . Alex slip in , follow by Rachel . rachel be he really what old roddy say he be ? alex I do not know ... stupid old roddy should have die by now and leave I in charge ... he really can work some sort of magic ... rachel that sand ... that be magic ... Alex grab the pouch . consider , then take the ruby as well . he head for the door . Rachel catch he . rachel please ... just a little . Alex consider . open the pouch . Rachel pinch out some sand , sniff it . it take effect immediately , transport she . Alex grab she hand . alex come on ... she pull against he , grab for the pouch . he let she take it . she clutches it . one last look at sandman ; then she allow herself to be lead from the room . sandman gaze after they . in the corner , a drop of water slip from the pipe , course down the wall to the floor . flow along the channel , which now lead to a small pool . dissolve to : ext . the world - various more time go by . Nixon , victorious over mcgovern . a EST meeting , slam dance punk , a ' Star Wars ' line . the Ayatollah exhort a mob . the song be ' dreamweaver . ' it skip . 12 . int . apartment - night a man -- call he david -- sleep fitfully in the one-room efficiency apartment . he wear the pants and shirt of a postal uniform ; the rest be scattered on the floor . the tv be on , volume low , show bicentennial celebration news footage . traffic noise come from outside , mix with the sound of a dog barking . all the sound fade out , save the barking . it become rhythmic , constant . David 's eye flutter open . corinthian hello , David . the corinthian be a young man with silver hair , whipsaw build clothed in white silk pants and T-shirt . he wear small , round dark glass and a amused smile . david hello . how do you get in here ? corinthian I want to talk to you , David . to tell you that you be not fulfil you potential . david I be not ? who be you ? corinthian I be you friend . you can call I the corinthian . I want to show you something . he gesture to the tv . the dog continue to bark . on screen : what look like the open credit of a mid - seventies cop show : studio backlot heroic and car chase . it linger on a Pov shot : approach a park red torino . two figure inside , one blond , one brunette -- both woman . they hair be almost ridiculously long and straight . David lean forward at the sight of the woman . his fist clench . the corinthian smile . corinthian I have show other people thing like this , David . all through history . but none as special as you . on screen : the Pov shot continue . a .44 appear in frame , and fire . the windshield shatter , and the brunette 's head snap back -- a bloodless , tv kill . the blond look up and smile . 13 . the gun fire again . David 's eye fill with tear of joy . the rhythmic barking continue . corinthian you see , David ? if you can dream it -- you can be it . David sadden . david that 's all this be ? this be not really happen ? this be a dream ? corinthian sadly , yes . that 's the only way I have ever talk to special people . but ... ( David brighten ) something have happen , David . and now you can help I . you can free I . as I can free you . david how ? the corinthian smile , spread he hand . corinthian wake up , David . just wake up . close on : David , sleep fitfully . his eye flutter open . he look at the tv . the bicentennial footage continue . normal SOUND have return . david just a dream ... a hand drop on he shoulder . the corinthian 's hand . corinthian not any more . he place something on the bed in front of David -- a .44 revolver . David pick it up reverently . heavy and real . corinthian good-bye , David . thank you . he rise , head for the door . david wait ! will I ever see you again ? will you ... talk with I some more ? 14 . the corinthian pause . corinthian I will always be here , David . I will always talk to you . just listen . once again , the SOUND fade away , isolate the barking dog . David listen , nod . the corinthian nod back , then open the door and leave . the door shut quietly -- and normal SOUND return . David lift the revolver . spin the cylinder . point it at the camera -- CUT to : int . burgess manor - cellar - circa 1980s - night burgess lean heavily on a cane . he be now a withere , fragile old man . he stare at sandman , who stare back . suddenly , burgess be wrack by a violent cough attack . he get himself under control . burgess it 's you fault ! damn you ! ( resign ) you be not death , but you live forever . you have not age a day since I catch you . you could have give I power beyond my wildest dream . ( choke back tear ) I ... I do not have to get so old . I should not have have to get old . he have another violent cough attack . slip to one knee . death that 's it , let it out . another person be in the cellar . she look about nineteen . Long black hair , pale skin . a kinda groovy , perky neo-punk girl - next -door , dress in black jeans and camisole . a ahnk , the egyptian symbol for life , hang from she neck . she look genuinely concerned for burgess . and we recognize she face : it be the face of the angel of death on the grave marker . burgess who be you ? she gesture . he look down . see -- his own body . lying on the ground near he foot . Dead . 15 . burgess be you ... you be not death ... be you ? death smile , half -shrug . she know she 's not what he expect . death hi . burgess I try to catch you once . get he instead . death I know . burgess be I ... be you go to punish I ? be I bound for hell ? death I be just here to take you from this world to the next ... destination be up to you . burgess oh ... I be . I be go to hell . I be roderick burgess . I be the most wick man alive . death ( a bright smile ) not anymore . she take burgess ' hand . look up at sandman . death ( genuine sadness ) I be sorry , little brother ... there 's nothing I can do . I ... I miss you . she and burgess fade into the shadow . we hear a soft fluttering SOUND , like wing . she 's go . just burgess ' body on the floor ... and sandman , watch . the water still drip ; the pool in the corner of the room be quite deep now . ext . the world - various image lead to the present day . a student stand defiantly in front of a tank . a evangelist break down in tear . a white bronco move slowly down the freeway . demonstrator join hand in a field of brightly color quilt . 16 . int . burgess manor - cellar - present - night in the corner , a drop of water slip from a pipe , course down the wall to the floor . flow along the carve channel in the stone , into the pool -- the pool overflow . a line of water trickle its way across the floor , across the fade chalk rune of the circle . it wipe the line of chalk away -- the circle be break . with a cry of pain , sandman fall forward , collapse outside the circle . he roll over . weak . in pain . his lip part . his voice be fill with dark mystery , a voice that can inspire dream and command nightmare : sandman at ... last . he gather himself , rise . stands , a bit unsteady . he look down at the remain of roderick burgess , decaye and brittle with age . he pick up the skull . regards it . sandman squeeze . the skull shatter . there be no joy in he eye as piece sift out from between he finger . sandman look at the shelf that once hold he belonging . empty . he look away . move toward the door -- ext . parking lot - night sodium lamp cast a sickly yellow light on the nearly - empty lot . a woman hurriedly click - clack toward she car , key already out . she unlock the door , open it -- someone slam it shut : the corinthian . he have seemingly appear from nowhere . he smile at she . corinthian beautiful night to be alive , do not you think ? woman stay away from I . she crouch slightly , flexe she finger . her red-paint fingernails glint . she know self - defense . the corinthian draw a knife lazily , step forward . the woman kick at he shin -- he avoid it . but she bring she foot down on he -- hard . she grab either side of he head , she thumb claw for he eye behind he sunglass -- 17 . she scream , yank she hand back . she crouch , stare down at she hand , which drip with blood . woman what do you do ? the corinthian straighten he sunglass . the woman crawl under the car . the corinthian grab she ankle -- she scream , clutches at the pavement , grab for the tire , as she be inexorably drag out from under the car . corinthian ( o.s. ) do not worry . I will not kill you . that would draw all sort of the wrong kind of attention . I just want to look into you eye -- suddenly , she be no longer be drag . she twist , peer out from under the car -- the corinthian stand still , look up toward the night sky . corinthian he 's back . he 's back . no ! it 's not fair ! I will not allow it . I will not go back ! he look down at the woman . corinthian ( cont 'd ) do not worry . I can stop he . I be not go back . she cower in terror . open she eye -- the corinthian be go . she blink -- it 's as if he be never there -- -- except for she hand . the woman drag herself out from under the car . raise she hand -- her thumb bleed , as though bitten through by tiny sharp tooth . she start to cry . ext . burgess manor - night board up , window break , overgrown . sandman stand under the night sky . reaches out he arm . shadows move , and darkness stretch towards he . sandman wrap the shadow around he -- -- and he be go . 18 . ext . dream realm - dusk a sandstorm rage ; there be the white noise of the howling wind . shadows flow inside of it , and sandman 's dark outline emerge , one arm raise , a shield against the wind . he peer ahead . in front of he be : ext . dream realm - the gate of horn and ivory - dusk ornately carve . flanke by gargoyle . sandman be relieved at the sight . sandman the Gates of horn and ivory . once through , I will see my castle ... I will see -- the gate part before he . sandman step through -- ext . dream realm - sandman' palace - dusk sandman -- my home . sandman stare in horror -- ahead of he be the remain of sandman 's dream Palace . beautiful , once , but now overgrown and break -- its glass wall cracked , its delicate spire broken . the majestic column have fall into rubble . sandman slump before it as if strike down . from nearby come the sound of gentle weep -- and a voice : lucien ( o.s. ) break you heart , my Lord , do not it ? sandman turn . sandman lucien ? in the shadow of the gate sit lucien , sandman 's librarian . he rise to he foot . point ear and round spectacle , dress as a clown might dress for a formal dinner . he stare at sandman , smile , tear in he eye . we realize he 's weep at sandman 's return . lucien one and the same , my Lord . ( he bow ) at you service , as always . ( he voice crack ) welcome home . 19 . sandman what happen here ? lucien take a breath . wipe the tear from he eye . lucien what happen ? you be the incarnation of this dreamtime , Lord . with you go , the place ... it start to crumble ... he take off he spectacle , clean they . lucien ( cont 'd ) I be aware of it in my Library . slowly , the word begin to fade . some time after you vanish , my book become volume of blank paper . the next day the whole library be go . ( put on he glass ) I never find it again . sandman I be sorry , lucien . lucien I ... I try , sir . I do my best . we all do . sandman let 's see how it be , then . int . dream realm - sandman' palace - hallway - dusk sandman move through the ruin palace , around fall column and past break statue . lucien ( a sad fact ) most of the palace servant turn back into the dream stuff you make they with -- matthew ( o.s. ) he 's back ? he 's really back ? a wild flapping SOUND and a sleek black raven -- matthew streak down , hover in front of sandman . matthew where have you be ? be you all right ? what happen ? sandman I be detain . 20 . matthew ha. detain . you have not change , that 's good news . sandman nor have you , Matthew . sandman survey the devastation . matthew it 's a pisser , be not it ? lucien it hurt I , too , lord . sandman hurt , yes ... some power return to I , simply by be here . but I place too much of myself in my tool . and they be go . he sit down on a break marble stair . sandman ( cont 'd ) I wonder ... I wonder if it be all even worth rebuild . Matthew speak a aside to lucien , not all that quietly : matthew Hell , I wonder if he can . lucien shoot Matthew a scolding look . lucien my Lord -- some thing you should know , item that need attention right away . many of the nightkind be miss . lesser dream . and ... ( he swallow ) one of the major nightmare . sandman cock a eyebrow , wait . lucien do not like be the messenger . lucien ( cont 'd ) the corinthian . escape into the waking world , I be afraid . sandman turn away . before he be he reflection in a crack mirror , hang askew on a wall . he look up into he own eye a moment , then away -- and in the mirror , we get a glimpse of a fat , gray face -- despair . sandman how long ? 21 . lucien twenty year . sandman there be no tell the harm he may have cause in that time . ( beat ) I blame myself . have I be here , fulfil my function ... matthew aww ... it be not you fault , boss . sandman no ? then whose ? ( beat ) and , in my absence , how much further havoc have be visit upon the waking world ? int . stanford research clinic - night face of sleeping people , as see on a row of black - and - white video monitor . cheap public-sector equipment -- out of date , out of focus , one of the screen flipping endlessly . below each monitor ekg slowly churn out ream of graph paper . a doctor move down the line , check the readout with professional indifference . on screen : a man sleep peacefully -- he name be paul - and then he leg twitch spasmodically , stop . a piece of mask tape be hand - label ' plm / nocturnal myoclonus . ' next screen : a elderly man begin thrashing in bed , scream , pull out electrode . his eye be open but he see nothing . doctor ( check he watch ) patient seventeen , night terror episode at eleven - oh- five . the Doctor expect a response , do not get it . he turn , glance down the line -- where a assistant study the length of a ekg read - out , engross . doctor do you get that ? assistant ( be : the read - out ) it 's gotta be some kind of record . Three day observation program , and she 's never make it past a level 2 sleep pattern . even then just for a few minute . 22 . the Doctor look interested for the first time , come over , leave patient seventeen behind , still scream . doctor Three day without rem sleep ? she should see thing crawl the wall by now . assistant no sign of hallucination . she 's part of the benzodiazepine study ... doctor what 's she name ? on screen : be a woman , lovely , she face relaxed in the peaceful beauty of sleep -- but here eye be wide open , stare enigmatically into camera , unblink . assistant ( o.s. ) Rose Walker . int . stanford research clinic - room - day rose WALKER , dress , quickly pack a few item into a overnight bag . the Doctor appear in the doorway . he turn a envelope in he hand . doctor we do appreciate you participation , miss Walker . um , if we could persuade you , we would like to have you back for a individual -- rose ( cut he off ) yeah , yeah , I know . lemme guess . I be special . you have never see anything like I . you want to run blood test and do a night - time polysomnogram . maybe you will do a daytime multiple sleep latency test . you will find that my condition be non - respiratory , and not stress induce . you will find my eye muscle lack tone because my rem sleep be so rare , but you will not know why . ( beat ) be that the check ? doctor yes -- 23 . Rose pluck it from he hand . she sling she overnight bag over she shoulder . rose look , no offense , but ... I have be monitor and study and hook up to wire since I be ten . if I think there be any chance that you guy could get I a good night 's sleep , I would take you up on it . but -- she shrug . a wave of the envelope , and she 's go . ext . stanford research clinic - day the envelope be tear open ; Rose examine the check . paul ( o.s. ) how would you do ? paul -- who we meet briefly , a patient in the sleep center -- have be wait . he wear a clean denim shirt , and one of that wispy goatee favore by sensitive - artist type . rose it will get I through another semester . you ? paul same . walk you home ? rose ... sure . Paul note the reluctance in she voice . paul listen , Rose ... I be sorry I ... sorry that ... Rose glance at he from under raise eyebrow , a smile play across she lip . rose yes , Paul ..? paul that I could not talk to you ... after the other night . rose Paul ... do not worry about it . we just have some kind of emotional meltdown and we end up in bed . it 's be know to happen . 24 . ext . bart station - day commuter exit the bart station . Rose and Paul pause , pull skateboard from they bag . they ride expertly downhill , wind in and out of the pedestrian . ext . san francisco hill - day skateboard in hand , Rose and Paul trudge up a steep hill . paul I really be not look for , uh , you know . I be just ... I have be block for so long , and you listen so easy . ( beat ) I be afraid that I would , I do not know , seduce you -- Rose laugh . Paul look hurt . rose I be a grow woman , Paul ... and the whole torment artist thing be not nearly as attractive as torment artist think it be . ( try to ease he conscience ) look , this be just one of that thing . one of that bell that occasionally ring ... they reach the top of the hill . paul a trip to the moon on gossamer wing ? rose just one of that thing . she set she board down , push off -- ext . rose's apartment build - day brownstone convert into low - cost apartment . the tenant be young , struggle : student , artist , coffee-house employee -- sometimes all three at once . Rose arrive at she entrance , Paul close behind . he look uncomfortable . Rose pack she skateboard . paul hey ... let 's go have lunch . 25 . rose I be sorry -- I have get too much to deal with in my life right now . okay ? Paul look even more uncomfortable . paul I be think ... just , maybe we should talk some more ? rose Paul , no . paul Rose -- Rose shoot he a look -- she 's have enough . Paul see it . paul okay . the truth of the matter be , I know all we be go to be be great friend -- ( can not help smile ) but right now , everybody in you whole building be up with you roommate put together a surprise birthday party for you , and it 's up to I to keep you away from there for the next two hour . Rose be completely shocked . she glance toward she apartment . rose really ? paul uh-huh . Act surprised , okay ? rose okay ... ( back at Paul ) so , um ... pal , then ? Paul regards she ... they smile . a understanding reach . paul pal . for now . ( off she look ) and probably forever . but I just do not like say ' never . ' rose okay . deal . after all , no one know they own destiny , right ? close on : the parchment page of massive book . in beautiful illuminate script it read : 26 . " after all , no one know they own destiny , right ? " Rose say . in destiny 's Garden , destiny close he book and go to he gallery . the huge tome be shut . it be chain to the wrist of -- destiny . oldest of the Endless . tall , wear a hood cassock . we be -- ext . destiny garden - twilight destiny move through he Garden at a measure pace , assuredly as a blind man in he own familiar home . perhaps he be blind , as we do not see he eye , hide in shadow . the garden be all Greek column , statue and sweeping archway . path that diverge and branch , fork and divide . tall hedge maze immaculately cut -- but destiny know he way , walk amid the sound of silence . he leave no footprint . and cast no shadow . int . destiny garden - citadel - twilight destiny move slowly , dwarf by the high -ceiling hallway . Beyond , chamber lead into many room and further chamber . he turn a corner , disappear into shadow -- int . destiny garden - citadel - gallery - twilight six portrait hang on the wall , all paint in romantic style , all the subject garbe in eighteenth - century fashion . destiny stop in front of the first painting -- a ornately - frame oil portrait of death , she in a elegant pose . destiny speak , he voice dry as dust : destiny sister . I stand in my Gallery , and I summon the family to I . it be I , destiny of the Endless , who call you . ( beat ) come . death emerge from out of she portrait , into the hallway . she be she usual sunny self , casually dress . death hiya , big brother . what 's up ? 27 . destiny I be call a conclave of the Endless , sister . do you not feel you should be more appropriately attire ? death pout ... then spin , and be suddenly wear a turn - of - the-century satin dress , black leather boot , black silk glove . the effect be at once wild and elegant . death satisfied ? destiny move to the next portrait . he do not look at she . destiny yes . I be satisfied . ( to the portrait ) sibling , I stand in my Gallery , and I call you ... desire step out from the portrait . perfectly symmetrical , perfectly androgynous feature . her ( or he ) skin be pale as smoke , he ( or she ) eye tawny and sharp as yellow wine . desire smile in brief flash , like moonlight glint from a knife -edge . she ( or he ) be formally dress : black corset , panty , garter and stocking . desire look around , take the place in . desire ( to dream ) I see he have not redecorate in the last three hundred year . so what 's the occasion ? despair destiny will tell we that in he own time , desire . he will not be rush ... despair emerge from she portrait , a heavy woman , naked , roll of fat weighting she down . grey eye that narrow to tiny point . desire I see you dress for the occasion , despair . death shush . be nice . it 's be year since the family be together . destiny pass a conspicuous gap where another painting may have hang . the next portrait be of a young girl , smile , hold flower in a summer field . 28 . destiny sister delirium . youngest of the Endless . I stand in my Gallery , and I call you -- delirium step into the Gallery -- look not all like she portrait . Orange hair , she fishnet stocking tatter . one eye be vivid emerald green , spatter with silver fleck that move ; she other eye be vein blue . who know what delirium see through she mismatch eye ? death hi , sis . how be you do ? delirium uh . yesterday i do some really bad stuff . I meaN real bad . you know . ( beat ) but today i did some good thing . I do not know -- destiny hush , little sister . there be one more to be summon . at the end of the gallery be the portrait of sandman , dress in the finery of the 17th century . destiny pause in front of it -- int . destiny garden - citadel - MAIN hall - twilight sandman , dress as he be paint , sit at a seven-side table . the Endless gather around . destiny stand behind he chair . there be one extra chair , stand empty . destiny you know why I have call this family meeting . despair brother dream be back . ( glance at the empty chair ) I think you have go for good . desire abandon he realm , abandon he responsibility ... sandman I have no choice in the matter . delirium destiny could have told you what be come . but he wouLd not 'cause he 's mean . 29 . destiny I could not turn that page until it be time for the turn . but I can tell you what have occur in you absence . desire oh , do . this could be fun . sandman gesture for destiny to continue . destiny the dream of man become chaotic . one man 's dream could infect thousand . dream of freedom , of subjugation , dream of equality , dream of death . Dark or light make no matter , if the dreamer strong enough . delirium pay no attention . Bright butterfly emanate from she fingertip . delirium i just make butter - fly . look , every body ! look at whaT I just did ... destiny brother dream . you must decide . will you repair you kingdom , and return to you throne ? sandman I be not sure that I be need . or that I wish to resume my mantle . desire lean forward . desire I could make you wish to . sandman frown . desire I be desire , be I not ? where I touch , thing want and need and love , draw like butterfly to a candle - flame . despair you mean moth . desire 's smile widen . desire butterfly . 30 . one of delirium 's butterfly land on a candle flame . it burn quickly , writhe , leave only color smoke . the image be at once repellent and beautiful . delirium that be mine . you do not have to do that ! despair we should not argue . we should not fight . sandman look across the table at death . sandman you have be quiet , sister . what say you ? death what say I ? well , I will tell you . and I be only go to say it once , so you would better pay attention . she rise and come around the table to he . he wait death ( cont 'd ) you be utterly the stupidest , most self - center , appallingest excuse for a anthropomorphic personification on this or any other plane . she sit on the table beside he . death ( cont 'd ) what we do be not just responsibility . this be not just job . we do not answer ad in the classified because we want the health care . destiny , desire , death -- this be what we be . and you -- be dream . her stern attitude fade , and she take he hand . death ( cont 'd ) I be glad you be back . I be worried about you . she kiss he cheek , then move back to she chair . sandman rub he forehead ... decide . sandman I will repair my kingdom . to do so I must recover my tool of power : pouch , helm , and Ruby . 31 . destiny ( nod ) the path be choose , then . sandman but I do not know where they be . brother , could you ..? destiny do not respond , but pull he book closer . sandman ( cont 'd ) no . of course not . sister , can you be of any assistance ? he 's address desire , delirium and despair , who be group together -- a tableau of mother , maiden and crone . sandman my pouch of sand , which control dream . do any of you have knowledge of it ? delirium i know ! I know ! there 's a woman name Rachel -- she has it ! but I do n't know where she be . neither doe she . delirium shut she mismatch eye , furrow she brow . when she open she eye again , they be both blue . delirium Rachel remember another : Rose Walker . perhaps she can lead you to you pouch . ( rub she temple ) it hurt I to be this way . sandman then stop . delirium 's eye shift back to one green , one blue . delirium destiny ? I be sorry . I do not mean to cal L you I a . I mean , i mean to , bUt I did not mean it when I mean to . destiny I know . delirium smile . sandman my dreamstone , my Ruby moonstone , which can alter the fabric of reality . where be it ? 32 . desire seem to enjoy answer . desire a very desirable item , hm ? stolen from a king by a mage , steal from a mage by a thief . and that 's the last I know of it . ( a knife 's - edge smile ) sorry . sandman scowl . then turn to despair . sandman and my helm of office , which protect I between realm ? despair it be trade to a demon long ago . it now abide in Hell . I be too familiar with that place . sandman do not like this news . sandman thank you . he rise , leave the table . ext . destiny citadel - twilight sandman stand on a balcony look out over destiny 's garden . death join he . sandman my ruby be miss . and I be not strong enough to face a single demon , let alone the horde of hell . death so ... the pouch ? sandman yes . my sister , I pray you tell we sibling that I be need elsewhere , and I could not stay . he kiss she hand , and start to fade away . sandman adieu . he 's go . death bite she lip . death great . now I get to worry about he some more ... 33. ext . alexander's yacht - evening a 150 - foot white yacht , sleek , huge engine , build for speed and show , a testament to ego rather than seaworthiness . anchore far away from shore . Silent and dark , save for light in the galley and a forward cabin . int . alexander's yacht - galley - evening plush and elegant . Long center table , huge refrigerator . quiet , cavernous and empty . a door open -- it 's alexander burgess . no longer the ' young ' burgess , he 's in he fifty , now -- and look older . silk robe pajamas , unkempt hair , shuffle along , he be a shocking contrast to the opulence of he ship . close on : a tray , as Alexander carefully place five celery stick in line . each celery stick be exactly the same length . int . alexander ' yacht - captain be cabin - evening Alexander push into the cabin , carry the tray . a huge bed , marble and wood appointment -- this be a yacht Donald trump might have own . on the bed be the body of a muscular young man . Dead . alexander carlos ... ? corinthian Alexander burgess , I presume . the corinthian be stand to one side of the door . Alexander drop the tray , reach into he robe , draw a gun from a holster at he side -- the corinthian move swiftly , a single blow -- Alexander crumple to the deck , and screen fade to black . int . alexander's yacht - captain be cabin - evening fade up : close on alexander , lie where he fall . his eye open -- slightly . he shift he eye only , glance around . Pov alexander -- he see the corinthian , move about the cabin , search . photo on the wall show scene from huge and decadent party -- liquor , drug , beautiful woman , powerful man . the corinthian look at they , shake he head . corinthian ( to himself ) oh my , such decadence . 34 . he move past , examine a empty wall . linger there . corinthian dear Alexander ... you spend a lot of time here , do not you ? it stink of worry ... he glance at a trail we can not see . corinthian you have wear a path . and stand here for long period of time ... he reach up -- a hide switch behind a bookcase slide back a section of marble , revealing a safe . without look : corinthian ( to Alexander ) get up ! you have be awake for the past two minute . you breathe betray you . Alexander open he eye , struggle to sit . he begin to weep -- not in terror , but in resignation . he wipe he eye with both hand . alexander I know ... it have to happen . corinthian yes , well ... you should not have write the book . led I right to you . he fling a book off the shelf down in front of Alexander . ' lord magus : the truths of roderick burgess ' by Alexander burgess . Alexander look at it . alexander stupid . but I have to ... to ... corinthian pay penance ? set the record straight ? make a fortune off the movie sale ? Alexander laugh mirthlessly . alexander hardly . you be probably the only one whose ever read the damn thing . ( beat ) want I to sign it ? corinthian no . 35 . alexander the Ruby . corinthian yes . Alexander stand , move to the safe . alexander be carlos dead ? corinthian yes . you lover ? Alexander work the dial . alexander ( shake he head ) Pilot and body guard . I have not have much interest in lover -- male or female -- in a long time . although I have my share of both , once ... he pull the safe open . it be empty , save for sandman be ruby , set on a velvet pad . he take it out . alexander this give they to I . it give I everything I ever desire ... corinthian ( mock tragic ) except the one thing you ever really want . you father 's love . Alexander make a fist around the Ruby . hurl it at the corinthian -- who make a effortless one- hand catch . he hold it up to the light , then pocket it . draw he knife . alexander you be go to kill I now ? corinthian I believe so . alexander with a knife . how prosaic . ( a bitter laugh ) I buy the yacht for safety . open water , suppose to guard against magic attack . corinthian you father be right , Alexander . you be a idiot . 36 . Alexander wince . the corinthian move to carlos ' body , turn the corpse 's head . he work he knife as he speak . corinthian ( cont 'd ) you have the Ruby moonstone of the King of dream . reality itself in you sway . and all you could do be feed you callow little hunger . he hold up he prize : a eyeball . he lift it to he face -- we think he may eat it . with he free hand , he reach up to remove he sunglass -- corinthian ( cont 'd ) not that I take issue with indulge pleasure ... Alexander gasp at what be reveal behind the corinthian 's sunglass . close on : the corinthian' mouth . he bring the eyeball closer -- -- and past , up , out of frame . even as he speak ( clearly ) , we hear the sound of chewing -- corinthian ( cont 'd ) but you never understand how to truly use the Stone . you have the power to change the whole world . and you waste it . Alexander be stricken . his knee buckle . he slump to the floor . and then we see what he have see : the corinthian 's eye socket do not have eye -- instead , they be both mouth , fill with sharp teeth . when he speak , all three of he mouth speak -- three voice , overdubbe . corinthian but that 's pretty much true of all you mortal , be not it ? he bring he bloody knife up , and advance . alexander who be you ? corinthian ( melodramatic ) I be you worst nightmare . I be -- ( shrug , smile ) that 's it . you worst nightmare . he laugh -- CUT to : 37 . ext . ocean - evening the corinthian , sunglass back on , pilot the yacht 's launch across the bay . he take the Ruby from he pocket , hold it up , look through it at the city . Pov - through the ruby . everything be tinted red . and as the corinthian turn the Ruby , its facet distort the city , distort reality ... close on - a dozen smile party - goer as they yell -- party -goer surprise ! Rose 's eye widen , and she look appropriately surprised ; we be -- int . rose's apartment - live room - night a banner read ' happy birthday , Rose . ' the party - goer , mostly tenant , crowd forward . a cake with one big candle on it be proffer ; Rose blow it out , push through , Paul behind she . among the guest be : kelly , a chubby young woman with a good heart ; samantha , who smoke too many french cigarettes . kelly be you surprised ? rose ( a la roz Russell ) I be a cynical old woman now . nothin ' surprise I . samantha hold up a little white kitten . rose ( a mercurial change ) oh -- oh , look at it ! be it mine ? samantha happy birthday , Rose . Rose take the kitten , pet it , coo to it . samantha ( cont 'd ) I think you need something in you life cute and warm and fuzzy and demand , and I do not know any man , so ... kelly I be not sure you would like it -- 38 . rose no , no ... it 's perfect . purr-fect . I love it . kelly she need a name . rose it 's a she ? that 's easy . her name 's ' dinah . ' she move away , kitten cling to she shoulder . kelly dinah ? samantha oh -- like in Alice in wonderland . you know Rose ... other partygoer wish Rose happy birthday , pet the kitty . Rose smile to everyone , thanking they , move through the crowd -- int . rose's apartment - live room - later tire , Rose collapse into a chair . the kitten burrow behind she neck . someone offer a glass of wine -- Paul . Rose take it from he . smile . rose so ... can I at least imagine I inspire you and you be able to get back to work ? paul I wish . no , still block . I have not paint in ... month , be it month ? shit . and you know about the sleep trouble . I have be have this weird dream ... Kelly , questing for snack , overhear this last . kelly a weird dream ? you gotta tell Sam ... she 's a nut for this stuff . Sam , come here ! ( Sam join they ) he 's go to tell we a dream . samantha ragin ' . so tell . Paul hesitates -- it really be not for everybody to hear , but now he 's on the spot . 39 . paul I dreamt I be climb a rock face , this sheer , like , spire -- and I hate to climb . I hate high place in general . I be a artist , and I do not even open my window to look at the view -- kelly the dream ..? paul right . so I be climb , and I have reach the top . ext . dream realm - rocky spire - day it 's Paul 's dream : a finger of stone push its way into a pale blue sky . at the pinnacle , Paul maintain a perilous hold , he face white with terror . paul ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) I can not go higher . I can not climb all the way back down . and I can not let go . I can not fall . int . rose's apartment - live room - night remember , Paul speak nervously -- he 's genuinely troubled . paul ( cont 'd ) I just can not . because if you fall in a dream , and you hit the ground -- you die . right ? kelly I think that 's just a old wife ' tale . samantha I tend to trust old wife . paul so ... ah ... I figure it 's about be block . right ? samantha it sound like a anxiety dream . kelly it always sound like a anxiety dream to you . unless it 's a sex dream . 40 . rose what if you dream about be anxious about sex ? kelly be that what you dream about ? Rose be suddenly uncomfortable . rose I do not dream . never have . samantha you mean you do not remember . Rose take a drink , look away , and spot -- sandman . wearing a plain leather jacket , give the party a detach once -over . the guest flow around he , seemingly unaware of he presence . samantha ( o.s. ) ( to Paul ) so this spire ... basically long , and phallic ? and you be cling to it , huh ? curious , Rose move toward sandman -- almost draw to he . paul ( o.s. ) whoa , wait a second -- Rose gaze speculatively at sandman . she scoops up a chinese fortune cookie from a snack bowl . step forward , startling he . rose hi . so be you be lonely or just aloof ? sandman glance around for the person she be address -- then realize it must be he . sandman you notice I ? rose yeah ... it be not hard . I look behind the philodendron , and there you be . sandman I be not usually notice unless I wish to be . Rose quickly realize he 's a weirdo , decide to bail . 41 . rose ( turn away ) ah ... okay , ninja-boy . well , have fun lurking . sandman catch she arm . sandman wait . I require you assistance . rose my assistance ..? sandman I be search for a possession of mine . a leather pouch , full of sand . Rose look afraid . she know what he 's talk about , but wish she do not . rose a pouch ..? sandman a woman name Rachel steal it . I want it back . rose then go get it . and leave I the hell alone . she pull away from he . she cross to a window , and climb out , onto the fire escape . ext . rose's apartment - FIRE escape - night Rose nuzzle the kitten . a beat , and then sandman move to beside she -- although he do not seem to come out the window . sandman my sister do not know the woman 's location , nor be I able to sense the pouch . do you know where she be ? Rose 's word spill out , the venom unmistakable : rose Rachel ... be my mother . my mother the junkie . she be stone when I be conceive , she be stone when I be bear , she be stone ... she be always stone . the state finally take I away . ( more ) 42 . rose ( cont 'd ) I hear from she once in a while -- when she remember she maybe have a kid somewhere . ( a bitter laugh ) happy birthday . sandman then you do know where she be . rose I know where she be a year ago . sandman take I to she . I will grant you a boon . Rose stare at he -- this be absurd . rose a boon ? sandman yes . rose like a gift ? like in a fairy tale ? that kind of boon ? sandman yes . I be dream , of the Endless . I be the master of dream . if it be within my power , you shall have it . Rose 's expression be one of surprise -- but not quite disbelief . sandman and ... I need you help . Rose be skeptical -- but she be consider it . sandman ( cont 'd ) ( a single , desperate syllable ) please . Rose soften -- he be in genuine need . rose this be too weird . my mother ... she look down at the fortune cookie in she hand . look up at sandman , into he eye . they gaze at each other a moment , and something pass between they . understand . trust . Rose 's mouth curl in a sly smile . crack the fortune cookie , extract the fortune . read it . shake she head . 43. rose ( read the fortune ) ' be open to new experience . ' she look again at sandman . sigh . rose all right . we really do not get to choose this thing , do we ? I will take you there . sandman nod gratefully . rose but that do not mean I believe you . what a line . the master of dream . yeah , right . ext . rachel be house - night a very bad neighborhood . a taxi screech away from the curb . sandman stand on the sidewalk , Rose beside he . the house be one step above condemn . tall brown weed and break window , flaking paint and decaye siding . sandman the pouch be here . rose how do you know ? sandman I know . Rose step up to the house , ring the bell . check the front door . lock . rose we can go around back and break a window or something -- sandman no . we go in by the front door . sandman gesture . a click be hear , and the door open slightly . Rose look at sandman in astonishment . rose do not tell I you do that . that be chance , right ? because if you do that ... sandman gesture for she to enter . she push the door -- 44 . int . rachel be house - foyer - night the door move open slowly , push a large pile of mail before it -- magazine , letter , bill . Rose enter , frown . rose six month worth of mail ... ( call , panicked ) ohmigod . Rachel ? mother ? she move toward a stairway . sandman stop she . sandman Rose . this place be not safe for you . thing be free in this house that should not be loose on earth . she stare at he blankly , not really hearing he . she pull away -- rose do not give I any more of that crap . she might be in trouble . -- and be off , up the stair . int . rachel be house - - top of stair - night Rose slow she ascent . before she , white cloud obscure the second floor , tendril of mist curling down the stairway . resolved , she step into the mist . look down -- vertigo hit we as the cloud part . below Rose be open sky , the city thousand of foot below . Rose fall -- ext . sky - night the white noise sound of wind as Rose free -fall , plummete toward earth . arm and leg spread , she watch , wide - eye as the ground approach . she scream -- ext . delirium' realm - indeterminate the screen crack like a mirror . piece of it fall away . Rose stand on a misty plane . Color , sound , creature and word whirl around she violently . this be delirium' realm . delirium look up at Rose . delirium have you come to visit my realm ? goodgoodgoodie . I like company ... ( more ) 45 . delirium ( cont 'd ) i like to be alone , too . but not by myself . sandman 's hand touch Rose 's shoulder . he stand beside she . sandman sister ... she be not yours . delirium brother ! now we can all be alone three at a time ! sandman no , little one . not now . delirium make a face . blow a lock of hair out of she face . delirium um. okay . int . rachel be house - top of stair - night the cloud , mist , and realm be go . sandman stand behind Rose , close to she , hold she . sandman Rose . you be here . Rose , shaking , hang onto sandman . take in she surroundings . rose uh. ... so real . I think I see ... you be there . a dream -- like Paul 's . it be only a dream . sandman it be never ' only a dream , ' Rose . here less than some other place . he push open a door . the hallway beyond be black . sandman follow , if you must . ( offhand ) be careful . stay away from the mouth . rose what do you mean stay away from the -- ? but he have already enter the hallway . she follow -- 46 . int . rachel be house - hallway - night the scrape-whoosh of a cigarette lighter . Rose hold the flame aloft , gasp -- the flame light a hellish scene : the wall be not smooth . dozen of grotesque , blood red face bulge from the wall and ceiling . thin tentacle arm reach out , hand grip hand from the other side , block they path . the face sneer , several speak at once : face leave she . do not disturb . she be ours . we from hungry . do not disturb we . Rose shrink back , look around wildly . rose where be she ? mother ! the face gnash tooth , lick drool lip . they flow along the wall , some fade back , other push forward . face foolish foolish . hear it posture ? hear it threaten ? foolish meat thing . sandman let we through . sandman 's voice have instant effect . some face look surprised ; other glance around warily . face who say ? who speak ? not he . he 's go . all go long go . sandman this have go far enough . you have exceed you bound . the face be already pull back into the wall . eye lower , contrite . a few be even scared . face master ? do not chastise . sorry sorry . we think you long go . yes yes master . 47 . sandman move down the hall , the arm untangle before he . a disgusting meaty wet plop sound as the arm pull back into the wall . Rose stare as the hallway become smooth , normal . rose dream , right ? that be dream . and you really be they master . sandman yes . rose do you send they ? be you responsible for this ? sandman no . sandman push open the door at the end of the hall . int . rachel be house - rachel's bedroom - night dimly light . the SOUND of buzzing fly . Rachel 's naked body lie sprawle , partially cover by a sheet , she appearance a shock : she skin be shrivel and decaye , several month beyond death . her eye be open , unsee . Rose move forward , recoil at the sight of she mother . she drop to one knee , sobbing at the foot of the bed . close on : Rachel , as she eye flutter . rachel ( a whisper ) hello ? Rose 's eye widen . rose oh no she 's alive . rachel who 's there ? oh ! ( a ghastly smile ) I dreamt I have a daughter , once . such a wonderful dream ... Rachel sit up . the sheet fall away from she shoulder . we wish it have not . rachel dream dream dreeeeam ... whenever I want to ... all I have to do be dreeeeeam ... 48 . the pouch of sand lie on a night stand . sandman pick it up . squeeze it tight in he fist . he have reclaim he first tool . rachel no that 's mine . mine. gimme ... Rachel lurch for the pouch -- sandman simply take a step back . she collapse face - first on the bed . sandman ( to Rose ) I have the pouch . we can go now . Rose stare at he in disbelief . rose no . you can not just take what you want and go . you can not leave she like this . sandman regards Rachel , who writhes in the bed , hum , a dry , croaking sound . sandman why not ? the sand be the only thing keep she alive . she will die soon . ( a afterthought ) painfully , I would imagine . he move to the bedroom door . Rose stand . rose I request my boon . sandman pause . rose for help you . the boon you promise . sandman turn , eye she -- a almost menace look . sandman yes ? rose give she a ... merciful release from this . please . you can do that , can not you ? sandman be surprised . his look soften . he reassess she . sandman you could choose anything in the world . and you choose to help she . her , of all people . ( more ) 49 . sandman ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I be ... impressed , Rose . she meet he gaze . again , that connection between they . he nod . sandman I will grant you desire , Rose . you must leave the room . Rose close she eye . open they , look on she mother one last time . turn , move past sandman , directly out the bedroom door . close on : sandman 's hand , as he sprinkle dream sand from he finger . it fall -- -- turn into petal that land on Rachel 's forehead . she be somehow young and healthy , now , lie back on green grass . more petal land . Rachel open she eye , smile . we be : ext . dream realm - GREEN hillside - day the sun be shine . a young girl -- it must be Rose , as a child -- giggle as she drop petal onto she sleep mother . Rachel stand , alive and healthy . she laugh , start to spin , arm flung outward . Rose spin with she , twirling -- int . rachel be house - bedroom - night Rachel lie on the sheet , dead . sandman pull the cover up over she eye . pause . suddenly death lean into frame . she smile sympathetically , whisper into sandman 's ear : death that be a lovely final dream you give she , little brother . she lean out . there be the soft flutter SOUND of wing . then silence . sandman be alone . int . rachel be house - hallway - night Rose wait . the bedroom door open , and sandman be there . sandman she die peacefully . she die happy . rose ( flat ) yeah . great . thanks . 50 . sandman back away from she . Rose sigh , look up at he -- the hallway be empty . sandman be go . ext . rachel be house - night Police car and a ambulance crowd the street in front of Rachel 's house . the ambulance ( presumably with Rachel 's body ) pull away . bystander stand behind police tape . Rose sit in the back of a taxi . she gaze up at the house , lose in think . rose ( to herself ) ... mister sandman , bring I a dream ... make he the cutest ... that I have ever see ... the taxi pull forward , move down the street . int . jewelry shop - back room - night several pile of glittering cut diamond be strewn on a workbench . they sparkle in the glow of the overhead light . a hulk fat man lay out jeweler 's tool on a blue velvet cloth . babyish face , he hand seem dainty and too-small for he huge arm , he feature tiny , lose in the mound of fat . he call himself funland . there be a rap on the metal side door . funland move quickly , expectantly . pull the door open . the corinthian stand in the doorway . extends he hand . corinthian funland , be not it ? hi. the corinthian . we meet online . funland ( shake he hand ) right ... wow , I can not believe it 's actually you ... wow . I think you would be older -- corinthian my compliment to you on you bbs . well do . ( look beyond he ) so we be all set , then ? the tool ? funland yeah . I , uh , get you e-mail -- 51 . int . jewelry shop - back room - night the corinthian sit at the workbench . sandman 's ruby be in a small vice ; the corinthian peer at it through a magnify light , measure the stone . funland eat a whole twinkie , wash it down with a swig of jolt cola . he look over the corinthian 's shoulder . try to act nonchalant . funland ( a little proud ) you know , I have get my own little thing go . corinthian ( amused ) oh ? funland I have find my own special place . there 's , like , thousand of people . and there be always beautiful little child wander off , get lose . always pleased to see somebody friendly . the corinthian murmur as he make a adjustment at the bench . he pull out a page tear from a book , consult it . funland ( cont 'd ) and quiet place to take they to , even in the middle of the crowd . and what 's great be , the people who run the place always hush it up . they do not want anyone to know that I be there either . they want everybody to be happy . just like I . the corinthian cut , fashion the gem into a new shape . funland ( cont 'd ) ( dreamy ) it 's a wonderful place , my secret , special place . and the other thing I love , if you can not find any beautiful child to play with , you can always go on one of the ride . corinthian ( without look up ) how very pleasant . 51 . funland yeah . I can not tell anyone else where it be , because , y'know , they would all want to go there . the corinthian lift the Ruby , examine it . put it back . corinthian I would like to make use of you mailing list , funland . there 's go to be a gather of collector . funland -- really ? uh , sure . funland move to a old Mac plus computer on the bench , hunch in front of it . corinthian nimrod be organize it . send he the address you have . and I have some name to add : family man. carrion . Moon River . Dog soup. candy man . Bright shard of ruby chip off as the corinthian work , hit the table , the floor -- and flatten into drop of blood . funland ( amaze ) Dog Soup and candy man ? oh , man . oh , wow ... this will be great ... funland 's finger dance over the keyboard . a bloody shard fly out from the Ruby , hit funland on the cheek . he touch it . look at he finger . funland hey , that 's ... that 's ... corinthian ( helpful ) blood . yes . funland stare at he finger , the blood drop come from the ruby . quickly turn away , back to the keyboard . the corinthian laugh , keep work ... int . dream realm - lucien' library - dusk lucien sift through pile of fall book , carefully place they in order back onto the shelf . a pumpkinhead man silently assist he . Matthew flutter in , perches on a stack of book . 53. matthew so , the library 's open again . lucien yes . Lord dream be good enough to restore it before ... before he continue with he task . matthew so he 's go to hell , huh ? to get he helm ? lucien yes . Matthew shudder . he glance around . matthew I never get into the whole book thing . lucien oh , but it 's a very unusual library , Matthew . ( with pride ) somewhere in here be every story that have ever be dream . matthew yeah ? say , watch this . ( stick he beak into lucien 's face ) nevermore ! good , huh ? lucien hmn . the complete poe be in the southern annex . include storey he never write , or never finish , except in dream -- matthew c'mon ! I be do Peter lorre in that Roger corman movie -- ( he cock he head ) hey , lucien . be that big black thing suppose to be there ? lucien what ? he look where Matthew be look -- in one wall be a large hole . nothing beyond but blackness . even as they watch , the hole enlarge , shelf and book dissolving as the widen edge touch they . lucien oh , dear ! 54 . Matthew flutter backwards , away from the black hole . lucien reach forward , pull volume off the shelf nearest the hole , save they from obliteration . matthew do this mean ... the boss be not do so well in Hell ? lucien no -- it 's a dream vortex . matthew uh , oh . that 's bad . that 's very bad . ( beat ) what 's a dream vortex ? lucien 's arm be stack with book by now . he add more as other fall , back away from the hole . lucien something that can destroy the entire dream ... the waking World ... even Lord dream himself . matthew sheesh ... when it rain , it pour . lucien and Matthew retreat across the room , through a door -- int . dream realm - library - hallway a slam ! as the door shut . lucien 's book fall to the floor as he lean with he back to the door , as if try to keep the vortex lock inside . lucien the master must be inform as soon as he return . matthew if he return . lucien Matthew ... sometimes you can be very infuriate . ( beat ; quietly ) if he return ... ext . dream realm - gate of horn and ivory - night sandman stand outside the gate . a gesture , and a ancient wooden pier grow from nowhere . it rest on rough-hewn pylon , float in a sea of star . 55 . sandman now stand at the edge of the pier , look down . he step off the edge , drop -- ext . gate of hell - day sandman fall , land on a barren landscape . before he be Hell . the wall of Hell be construct of human body , pile up to the sky . Dead body , we presume , until here a eye open , there a chest heave in sigh . the Gates of Hell be wrought-iron - style ornate , intricate , glorious -- but fashioned of live body , horribly distend . near the Gates a severe head have be impale on a spike . the head twist toward sandman , grin . head on spike ah ! there be one at the door ! ( rhyme ) there 's one at the door , at the gate of damnation . be it thief , thug or whore ? sandman greeting . I wish to talk to you master . immediately . head on spike there 's one at the door , and there 's room for one more , ' till the end of creation ! sandman I be the King of dream , of the nightmare realm . I seek Lord lucifer , the Lord of Hell . head on spike ( taunting ) oh , yes , my clown . so where 's you crown ? where 's you be ruby ? sandman unexpectedly lash out with he fist , slugging the head . it spin on its spike -- a comic image if it be not so grotesque . sandman I will take no insult from you , little demon . the head grin through bloody lip . head on spike squatterbloat ! 56 . a minor demon -- squatterbloat -- push open the Gates of Hell . the demon be hunch over , with no mouth ; one of its arm end in the shape of a sharp battle - ax . head on spike take the dreamclown . Guard he and guide he , he 's new in town . squatterbloat nod . step back , lift the battle - ax arm , indicate the way . sandman move through the gate -- ext . hell - wood of suicide - day sandman follow behind squatterbloat , take in Hell as it flow past . they move through a forest of thin , sickly - look tree . sandman the wood of suicide have change since my last visit . I remember it as a tiny grove . now it be a forest . squatterbloat remain silent , continue on ... ext . hell - cliff of tartarus - day sandman be lead past a row of bar cave . he brushes past hand that clutch at he . anguish voice cry out . sandman tilt he head , hearing something . he raise a hand . sandman wait . the demon squatterbloat pause . sandman peer through the bar into one of the cave -- Inside , roderick burgess be chain to a wall , he own arm wrap several time around he body , form a flesh straight jacket . he confide to a fellow prisoner , similarly constrain . burgess ( boast ) I put my curse on a man and he be dead . I capture dream ! oh , I be the most wick man to ever live -- sandman roderick burgess . burgess look out , recognize sandman . he be stricken . burgess you ! 57 . sandman you call yourself wick , without know what that mean . you dream you be the equal of the demon around you . burgess 's mouth drop open , but he have no word . sandman ( cont would ) burgess , for you deed against I , this be my judgment on you . ( beat ) you shall know who you truly be . I take away you dream . burgess frown . burgess special ? of course ! I be roderick burgess ! I be the ... ( falter ) that be , I be the ... uh ... I be ... just ... ( beat ) uh , I . his eye widen . he take in he surroundings , as if note he situation for the first time . burgess oh , no . outside , sandman gesture to move on . squatterbloat lead the way . from behind they come burgess 's scream -- burgess ( o.s. ) oh God no . help , somebody help I -- ext . hell - stair of blood - day squatterbloat stop at the foot of a stairway . blood flow down the step . sandman glance up , climb -- ext . hell - lucifer' throne - day at the summit , the step end at a high parapet , at lucifer 's throne . make of flesh , the throne bleed , source of the flow blood . lucifer lean casually against a railing . he be blond , lean , youthful , a handsome rock star loung in the shadow of he own enormous black wing . sandman greeting to you , lucifer morningstar . 58 . lucifer look sandman up and down . lucifer hello , dream . we hear you be catch by mortal , like a newly - fledge demon . we expect better of you . sandman do not comment . lucifer hop up on the balcony , lean forward expectantly , chin on the back of he hand . lucifer have you come to ally you realm to ours ? to acknowledge the sovereignty of Hell ? sandman you know my view on that , lightbringer . lucifer yes , we do . still this be no social call . what do you want ? sandman my helm be steal from I . I believe one of you demon have it . I would like it back . ( beat ) now . lucifer be amused . he arrange he dark wing about he . lucifer which demon ? there be more than a million demon , after all . sandman I do not know the demon 's name . close on : lucifer , as he eye narrow . his tone change -- this be serious business . lucifer then let we summon all of they to tell , and meet they on the vasty plain of Hell ! pull back : from lucifer 's eye . he and sandman have not move , but everything around they have change . the parapet be crowded with demon , claw scraping , eye glint -- continue pulling back : the stairway be cover with demon of all type and size . some be insect . other look like reptile . some wear they gut outside they skin -- continue pulling back : more and more demon , crawl over each other , bite , fight -- 59 . all of the demon of Hell . lucifer and sandman be tiny dot , stand on a distant mesa . lucifer there . now , dream King . tell we ... which demon have you helm ? sandman scan the multitude . he reach into he pouch , pull out a handful of sand . releases it -- a line of dream sand streak into the demon . it shoot this way and that , search , creature fly past in a blur -- finally the sand swirl , settles on : choronzon , a blood -re demon , fashionably dress . he look surprised . lucifer choronzon , a Duke of Hell . ( to the demon ) well ? do dream speak truly ? do you indeed have he mask of office ? choronzon have two mouth on he face , one above the other . as one speak , the other smirk . choronzon yes , Lord . sandman return it to I . now . both of choronzon 's mouth smile , a double dose of insolent grin . choronzon ssss . I trade for it from a mortal . a fair trade . ( bold ) I break none of the law of Hell . if you want you precious back then you must fight I for it . ssss . demon howl and jeer at the challenge . lucifer be amused . dream regards the utterly confident choronzon . sandman very well . I challenge you , choronzon . we shall play the most ancient game . choronzon sss. sso . as the challenge , I choose the battlefield . ( beat ) I assert ... reality . 60 . int . the hellfire club - night a dingy nightclub . demon sit at small table place too close together , near a dingy stage . lucifer watch from a seat in the shadow , not touch the drink in front of he . the lighting be hellish , of course . choronzon be we host . he wear a tuxedo and dark glass , speak glibly into the mic : choronzon sss . welcome , lady and ' gennelman , to another thrill pack evening of funfunfun here at the hellfire Club . applause from the assemble demon . a female demon -- a voluptuous body and the head of a horse -- snort and stomp she hoof . choronzon I be you host , choronzon , High Duke of the eighth Circle . tonight , for you entertainment , a formal challenge . let 's have a big hand for mister sandman ! a blinding spotlight hit sandman , stand center stage . scatter applause from the demon , amid mostly boos . choronzon move opposite to sandman . choronzon ( deadly serious ) you know the rule , dreamlord ? win , and you get you helm . lose , and you serve as a ssslave of Hell , for eternity . sandman stare into choronzon 's eye . sandman I understand . choronzon I have the first move . ( loudly ) I be a dire wolf , prey stalking , lethal prowler . in a quick flash we see choronzon 's wolf , a hulk creature , stalking through a forest . sandman be quick to reply : sandman I be a hunter , horse - mount , wolf - stabbing . we catch a glimpse of sandman 's hunter , on horseback , as the hunter kill the wolf . 61 . choronzon ( confident ) I be a horsefly , horse-stinging , hunter - throw . choronzon 's slain wolf become a sting fly , and sandman 's hunter be throw . demon cheer . at one table , a toothy demon pick the flesh off another 's face , eat it -- wash it down with beer . sandman I be a spider , fly -consume , eight - legge . sandman 's hunter transform into a spider . choronzon 's fly be catch in a web . choronzon ( hiss ) I be a snake , spider - devour , poison - toothe . choronzon 's fly become a snake ; it eat sandman 's spider . sandman I be a ox , snake - crush , heavy foote . the snake be crush beneath the hoof of a ox . choronzon I be a anthrax , butcher bacterium , warm - life destroy . the demon like that . the toothy demon have nearly finish he snack -- the other demon 's skull be nearly pick clean . sandman 's ox lie on its side , dead and decaye . sandman pause a moment , consider . then : sandman I be a world , space - float , life nurture . we see a GREEN world , float in space . lucifer tilt he head , note sandman 's shift in strategy . choronzon do not hesitate : choronzon I be a nova , all - explode , planet cremate . white light from a bright nova obliterate the world . sandman I be the universe -- all thing encompass , all life embrace . 62 . choronzon lean toward sandman . his top and bottom mouth alternate on each word now , he tone low and deadly : choronzon I be the dark at the end of everything . the end of universe , god , world ... of everything . sandman pause . the assemble demon grin , lean forward , pleased with the move . several of the closer demon lick they fang . choronzon sense victory . choronzon sss . and what will you be then , dreamlord ? sandman speak softly : sandman I be hope . lucifer 's brow furrow . choronzon be catch off guard . all eye be on he . he stammer . choronzon oh . then I be ... sss . I ... he start to sweat . he look around for help , inspiration . choronzon I ... ( he swallow ) I ... do not know . lucifer stand , a look of hate and disgust on he face -- ext . plain of hell - day lucifer and sandman stand on a flat plain , demon form a wide circle around they . choronzon , bound in barb wire , writhes and scream for mercy . two demon hold he tight . lucifer take this pathetic creature from we sight . demonstrate to he we displeasure . the demon pull choronzon away . lucifer turn -- he hold sandman 's helm in he hand . lucifer here , dream master . you helm . you have win it fairly . sandman take the helm . 63. sandman thank you . the king of Hell be honorable . lucifer honorable ? you joke , surely . look around you . ( he sweep he arm ) the million lord of Hell stand array about you . tell we -- why we should let you leave ? sandman look . legion of demon stare back , shout word of hate . lucifer helm or no , you have no power here . what power have dream in Hell ? sandman you say that dream have no power here ? tell I , lucifer morningstar ... his voice grow stronger ; he raise it to include the rest : sandman ask yourselves , all of you ... what be Hell , without the dream of Heaven ? silence . lucifer have no answer . sandman turn away from he , walk into the mass of demon . noiselessly , demon move aside , parting before sandman , unable to meet he gaze . his back to lucifer , sandman dwindle into the distance . pull back to include lucifer in frame , seemingly huge now , hundred of foot tall . he watch sandman take leave of Hell . lucifer one day ... one day we shall destroy he . ext . gate of hell - day the Gates shut heavily behind sandman -- he slump ; he posture more exhaust than imperial . he look at he hand , one hold he pouch , the other he helm . both hand be shaking . he smile a grim little smile -- he have get away with he bluff . 64 . he concentrate , and darkness swirl up , surround he , obscure the Gates of Hell -- int . dream realm - dream palace - dusk Matthew and lucien sit in the hallway , amongst stack of book . the pumpkinhead now wear a hard -hat , and be set up construction warning sawhorse outside the Library door . matthew so if he nib and the dream be destroy ... that 's it for we too , huh ? sandman that be true . he have appear beside they , startling they . matthew geez -- I hate when you do that ! ( be : the helm ) glad to see you survive you trip . welcome back . we be all doom . sandman indeed ..? lucien ? lucien I fear he 's right , my lord . CUT to : int . rose's apartment - bedroom - night close on : Rose , sleep , a troubled sleep . her eye open , and she glance over -- moonlight through the window cut across the darken room . Rose 's closet door be crack open , just a little bit . just enough to drive you crazy wonder what might be in there . Rose climb out of bed . step across to the closet . shut the door . turn , get back into bed . she glance over -- the closet door still hang open . Rose stare . she get up . approach the closet , much more warily this time . reaches out . gently pull it open -- a young woman stand there , smile . Rose jump back . 65 . the smile woman do not move . we may recognize she , because it be rachel , Rose 's mother . but not the Rachel we last see stone on dreamsand . a youthful Rachel , as we first meet she with burgess . rose who be you ? Rachel 's face fall . her gaze lower , unhappy at not be recognize . then she look up , raise a hand , and pull off her head -- -- revealing another head beneath : Rachel , as we last see she lie in bed , wrinkle , decrepit . Rose gasp . rose mother . my God . this be a dream . I be actually have a dream . Rachel reach up again , and again pull off her head . revealed beneath this one be another version of how she look as a young woman . she smile . rose I have hear about this ... a dream where somebody who 's die come back , to let you know they be all right . Rachel shake she head . gesture for Rose to follow she . she step aside -- we see the closet be no longer a closet . it open onto a courtyard , moonlit , stark , high - contrast black - and -white . a little phony -look , actually , like a old b-movie horror film set . amazing how scary that old set can look . Rachel again gesture , turn , glide into the courtyard . Rose follow . ext . dream realm - night Rose move through corridor and around corner , follow Rachel , get just glimpsis of she , always just one step behind ... ext . rose's apartment build - night a big wide convertible pull to a stop . the driver climb out -- it 's the corinthian . he head inside . 66 . ext . dream realm - sandman' palace - hallway - dusk the library door swing open . sandman , lucien and Matthew look out at -- a huge , swirling vortex . there be no library -- a whole section of the palace have be consume . part of the landscape be pull into the vortex as they watch . sandman so it begin once more . the first vortex of this era. ( muse ) Nonetheless , there be something about this one -- this time -- that I do not understand . matthew that make two of we . though I do not think I would have understand it any time . sandman this have be grow for nearly two decade . have I not be imprison , I would have deal with it at the time of its conception . lucien perhaps this be how the corinthian escape ... he find a rift in the dream , and slip out . sandman hm ... ( beat ) the recovery of my Ruby must wait . I must deal with the vortex , first . lucien how will you locate it ? matthew yeah , boy ... that 's gonna be a toughie . ( as if see the vortex for the first time ) hey ! there it be ! lucien that 's merely the manifestation of the vortex , Matthew . the vortex itself be usually a mortal . 67 . matthew a person ? how do he deal with it , then ? lucien how ? he terminate they existence , Matthew . to protect the dream . matthew oh . make I feel kinda sorry for he . the mortal , that be . sandman the vortex be not a he . it be a she . he point - directly at the camera . sandman if you look closely you will see she observe we , now , from the corner of the throne room . Matthew flutter over , stare at US . we realize this whole scene have be a Pov shot ( from Rose 's Pov ) . the effect be quite disconcert . matthew ( tilting he head ) huh . she do not look like much . camera back away , indicate the Pov character 's retreat . lucien she look quite young . matthew I say the boss can take she . a blur as the camera pan away -- int . rose's apartment - bedroom - night Rose come awake even as she be shove herself backwards -- out of the bed and onto the floor , startling she kitten . rose ow ! she get she bearing . rub she head . rose Christ , that suck . I do not think I need to dream after all . 68 . sandman unfortunately that be not true for the rest of the world . Rose look up . sandman step out of the shadow -- or do he just appear from they ? rose oh my God ! stay away from I ! she scramble for she nightstand drawer , pull out a .38 revolver . rose stay back ! I should have know you be some kind of freak ! how do you get in here ? sandman you know . she do . sandman look down . at he foot , the kitten mews . he pick it up , scratch its ear absently . sandman once in every era , Rose Walker , there be a vortex . the vortex , by its nature , destroy the barrier between dream mind ; destroy the order chaos of the dream ... rose this have nothing to do with I . sandman ( over she ) until the myriad dreamer be one . then the vortex collapse in upon itself . and then it be go . it take the mind of the dreamer with it ; damage the dream beyond repair . it leave nothing but darkness . the kitten have grow tired of the attention ; it squirm . sandman set it down . sandman it be one of my function to prevent this from occur again . rose again ? 69 . sandman it happen once ... a world be lose , Rose Walker . aeon ago , and half a universe away . I ... fail in my duty . a whole world perish . ( downcast ) it will never happen again . the kitten come to Rose . she let it crawl into she arm , but she do not lower the gun . she almost speak to the kitten : rose why I ? sandman who be you father , Rose Walker ? rose my father ? I do not know . my mother never ... sandman you father be a dream . a dream you mother conjure , from my pouch of sand . you be bear of the union of a mortal and a dream . you be both , and neither , and by be -- and not be -- such , you have become the vortex . rose but if you be the King of dream -- can not you just , I do not know , wave you hand and make it stop ? sandman I be not omnipotent . no matter how strange the circumstance of you birth , you be of the live . you be the vortex . only when the vortex be dead be the dream safe . he move nearer , crouch to be closer to she . sandman death be not always a bad thing , Rose ... rose yeah ? well , you first . sandman you could come and stay in the dreamworld . some mortal be give that option . my raven , Matthew , be once a mortal man . 70 . rose I do not want to die . sandman I ... I be sorry , Rose . corinthian yes , you be . you be the sorriest excuse for a murderer I have ever see . the corinthian stand in the doorway . Rose raise she gun back up , aim it at he . rose what -- who be you ? sandman corinthian . do not interfere with this . rose you know he ? corinthian yes , he know I . he create I . and now I have come to challenge he . it 's just the same old story , huh ? he move across the room , to Rose . she keep the gun steady . corinthian ( cont would ) but here 's a cool twist : I be here to save you ! ( beat ) he will not let you stay alive , you know . the dream will fall apart . it 's already happen . I can feel it . ( to sandman ) this woman be now under my protection . get that ? leave she be , or suffer the consequence . sandman corinthian . I do not think it possible for you to surprise I . corinthian I have walk the waking world for almost two decade now . as much as I have teach this human , I have also learn . he hold up the Ruby . 71 . corinthian ( cont 'd ) for instance : one should not limit one 's ambition . sandman that ruby be mine , little dream . I command you return it . the corinthian consider . his voice resonate with sarcasm : corinthian have I not earn the praise of my creator ? look what I have do . look what I have find . for you . sandman it be not in you nature to be beneficent . ( hold out he hand ) do not force I to unmake you . corinthian ( shrug ) hokay . you call . he toss the Ruby to sandman , who catch it . sandman hold it up . sandman at last -- the ruby glow , throw off eldritch FIRE -- sandman scream . the ruby drop from he hand . sandman drop to he knee , face wrack with pain . he double over . sandman ... you have ... change it ... corinthian uh-huh . it 's mine now . the power behind it may be yours , but I be the one who call the shot . he pick up the Ruby , aim it at sandman . consider . then kick sandman hard in the side . corinthian there . be that more in my nature ? rose that 's enough . she 's get the gun levele at the corinthian . he look at she . the Ruby glow . 72 . corinthian what be you go to do with that ? instead of the gun , Rose be now hold the kitten in a two - hand grip . it yowls . she drop it in shock . the corinthian hold out he hand to she . corinthian now ... come with I if you want to live . Rose look at sandman , then back at the corinthian . rose I ... do not think so . corinthian Rose . you must come with I . rose no ! corinthian no , see , it 's not a request . he punch the side of she head , hard . she pitch forward . the corinthian catch she in a fireman 's carry . ext . rose's apartment build - dawn whistle a monotonous tune , the corinthian dump Rose into the convertible , hop in , and roar off . CUT to : ext . northern california - santa cruz - day Flying along low over green roll hill . Pacific Coast highway be a wind ribbon below . ahead we see a plain two - story hotel on the ocean side of the highway . the tall sign in front loom up ; it read : welcome cereal convention . int . HOTEL - dealer ' room - day a typical convention floor : dealer table be laid out with video , book , poster for sale . poorly light . Far more man than woman . we pick up snatch of conversation , almost documentary - style . a dealer and customer chat : 73. dealer -- the tv version ? the tv version butcher it ! but I hear you can get it uncut on video in Canada -- a tire man get a drink from a vend machine : tire man hate this little hick town . would not be see dead here , if it be not for the convention -- two buyer examine the liner note of a old lp record album : buyer yeah . he slay I . you hear he do the ' I be John 's coathanger routine ? ' hilarious -- int . HOTEL - MAIN lobby - day a man stride through the lobby ; he carry a clipboard , wear square eyeglass and a worried expression . his carefully hand - lettere name tag read : nimrod . he come to the registration table . funland run it , the metal fold chair strain under he massive bulk . nimrod do we have the corinthian ? funland flip through index card in a tiny metal box . he now wear a little black skull cap with little black cat ear on it that once may have be little black mouse ear . funland have not check in here yet . but do not worry -- I be sure he 's come . nimrod he can not not come . he 's we guest of honor . have we get any other big name so far ? funland 's thick finger flip through the card again . funland um. Moon River , but he seem kind of shy . and the candyman , you know , the one from Connecticut . the guy with the candy - cane . umn , the lip collector be here -- nimrod how many so far ? 74 . funland eighty people have register . pretty good turnout , huh ? nimrod eighty ? Jesus . do not think so many would show -- int . HOTEL - MAIN auditorium - day nimrod , a little nervous , stand at a lectern , look out over a sea of face . all type : young , old , professional , blue color . very few woman . nimrod hello. ( beat ) I , uh , hear a story recently I think might amuse you . it seem that the telephone ring in a police station . the duty cop answer and a woman 's voice say , " help -- I have be reap ! " nimrod take a breath -- he 's a terrible storyteller . nimrod he say , " do not you mean rape ? " " no , she say . " he use a scythe . " a half - second of endless pause while the punchline sink in , then there be a explosion of laughter . nimrod visibly relax . nimrod it 's really good to see so many of we here . so many . this be the first of this con , and if you want to see another , there be a couple rule we must adhere to . ( raise a finger ) firstly , use you prefer sobriquet . no civilian name . ( raise two finger ) secondly , we do not shit where we eat . nobody do any collect until the convention 's over and you be at least two hundred mile away . voice in crowd aw ... nimrod this rule must be follow , with so many of we at risk . ( more ) 75 . nimrod ( cont 'd ) we have reserve the entire hotel ; there be no other guest , so you should not be tempt . a few good - nature laugh at this . nimrod so . do not miss the keynote address -- it 's at eight , and it 's from the corinthian , the man who 's inspire so many of we -- a sudden burst of applause . a few people stand . hoot of approval . there 's no doubt who everyone be here to see . nimrod back away , a little shocked , but he smile -- nimrod welcome to cereal con ' 98 ! int . HOTEL - restaurant - day a distinguished man -- the good doctor -- sit at the counter , sip coffee and examine a flyer . next to he be philip ( aka the bogeyman ) . Young , wild hair , wrinkle jacket , he stare sideways at the Doctor in awe . philip Excuse I , but I have see you before , have not I ? you be that doctor . to think you be a -- a collector . good doctor thank you . you be ? philip I be the bogeyman . good doctor I have hear of you . the newspaper , in they facile way , have also christen I flay-by -night . ( out of nowhere ) seventy nine . philip sorry ? good doctor " give I a number . " that 's you line , be not it ? seventy nine . close on Philip , as he expression become dreamy while he remember : 76 . philip oh yeah , right . she be , like , she have this beautiful eye , like patch of sky early in the morning , and she scream like a angel ... a woman catch Philip 's eye -- she nametag identify she as dog soup . Philip be amaze , eye glue as she pass by . philip Dog Soup be a woman ? oh , man . I gotta go talk to she . he bound out of he chair , dash to go catch the woman . the good doctor frown , follow Philip with he eye -- ext . santa cruz - HOTEL - day a big , long , mean-lookin ' convertible pull up in front of the hotel . the corinthian leap over the door before the valet can get to it -- the corinthian lift the wide lid of the rear trunk . look big enough in there for a family of five , but right now there 's just one large old suitcase trunk . bam ! the trunk hit the pavement . bam ! the rear lid slam down . bam!-bam!-bam !-bam ! as the corinthian pull the trunk behind he up the concrete step , into the hotel . int . HOTEL - lobby - day corinthian' Pov as we move through the lobby . smile and wave from people as they pass by . the corinthian 's name be whisper and people point -- it 's a rock star 's entrance , create quite the stir . funland have a packet wait -- he extend it as the corinthian arrive . funland here 's you stuff , Mr. corinthian . uhn , wear you badge at all time . you will not be permit into the convention area without it . the corinthian look delighted at the material . corinthian certainly ! thank you , funland . you be do a fine job ! 77 . funland glance curiously at the trunk as the corinthian wheel it toward the elevator . Philip appear at the corinthian 's side , out of nowhere . philip wow . mister nimrod say you would be come , but ... um , we be all big fan of yours . corinthian I be so glad you could come . Doors part . the good Doctor be in the elevator . Philip follow the corinthian inside -- in the elevator : the good Doctor keep a eye on Philip . philip say , you ever read a magazine call chaste ? it 's really terrific . corinthian I have hear of it . philip really ? ( dig out a roll - up copy ) hey , can I have you autograph -- up one level , the door part -- corinthian nimrod ! in the hallway , the corinthian hurry out of the elevator , drop the trunk -- thud ! -- put a arm around nimrod . nimrod you be here . good . the convention hall be set up , but we still need to discuss the exact number for the banquet -- Phillip follow the corinthian out , but he have be leave behind , forget . the good Doctor stay in the elevator . the door close on he dark expression -- 78 . int . HOTEL - conference room - day a panel discussion in progress . a wild - eye man with a flow gray beard hold the mic tightly , hoard it from the other two guest , who look piss . the name card in front of he read deliverance . deliverance I be a merciful God and a just God . for I release man and woman and child from the suffer and torment of they life , and I give they a new life in my heaven ! he slam he fist down , rant on . Philip be in the audience , watch , rapt . he be startle when someone whisper : nimrod bogeyman , can we talk ? in you room ? Philip turn , see nimrod , who wear a friendly smile . bogeyman uhn , well , I be watch the religion panel , man , but ... uh , sure . int . HOTEL - philip be room - day the door slam open . Philip be shove into the room hard ; he stumble , fall to he knee . philip listen , you guy -- oh God -- listen , what be this ? Philip have see the good Doctor , stand silently in the shadow of the room . next to he be the lip collector -- a tall , gangly man with a gaunt face and toothy grin . philip I be the bogeyman . really I am. ( soft ) give I a number . any number . nimrod go through Philip 's wallet . the good Doctor pick up a copy of chaste magazine , casually flip through it . the lip collector hang in the background , still grin . nimrod you name be Philip sitz . you be the editor , writer , whatever , of chaste magazine . you number 's up , Philip . you be not one of we . 79 . philip no -- no , I be . I understand it . female be insect create for male pleasure . strength . Energy . lust . the willingness to sacrifice another 's life for one 's own gratification ... he collapse , lower he head , kneel before they . philip I understand it . that 's why I have to get here . to see you all . to learn . nimrod Big mistake , Philip . Big mistake . the good Doctor swing a metal suitcase stand at Philip 's head . Philip sprawl to the ground . the good Doctor and nimrod stare at each other . good doctor " we do not shit where we eat , " Mr. nimrod ? nimrod except when we have to , Doctor . need must , when the devil drive . int . HOTEL - corinthian be suite - day from the bathroom , we hear the SOUND of the shower running . the corinthian in there , whistling happily . the large old trunk sit on the bed . a loud thump , and it jiggle , shaking the bed . something 's inside . another thump , and it move closer to the edge . it 's pretty comic , actually . a final thump -- the trunk tilt over the edge of the bed , fall , clasp - side - down . it split open . a foot appear , then a leg . Rose struggle out from under the trunk . her hand be tie behind she back , and she be gag . she look toward the bathroom fearfully , bolt for the door . int . HOTEL - hallway - day Rose stagger down the hallway , she leg buckle beneath she . she 's frighten , disorient . she push she face against the wall , scrape at the gag , roll it , get it out of she mouth . above she be a hand - lettere sign : 4:30 pm panel discussion : make it pay . voice come from inside : 80 . int . HOTEL - conference room - day a panel discussion in progress , the participant ' name on card in front of they : choirboy ... even ten G 's per victim identify be not too much to ask . carrion right . the thing to remember be that they will pay to know for certain . even if the cop do not go with it , the family will . hello little girl but , carrion , we do not do it for the money -- there be some commotion at the back of the room . head turn as Rose stumble in . rose please . someone . I have be kidnap -- she 's such the damsel in distress , someone laugh . voice in crowd Boy , have she come to the wrong room ! 2 nd voice no kid ! voice in crowd it 's a joke . it 's gotta be . rose please -- he 's go to kill I ... gale of laughter at this . Rose back away -- int . HOTEL - hallway - day Rose turn , run blindly into the bulk that be funland . funland geez . you okay , miss ? rose please . I need help . I need to get to a phone . 81 . funland you do ? sure. sure . we will get you to a phone . here. ( unty she wrist ) uh ... this way . Rose look at he gratefully , mouth ' thank you . ' funland smile , embarrassed . lead she down the hallway . keeps glance down at she out of the corner of he eye . funland say , you look pretty young . how old be you ? rose twenty . funland oh , no . you can not be . I would say you be young than that . a lot young . right in here . int . HOTEL - banquet hall - day Rose step through two heavy door . before she be row of dining table set for the night 's banquet . empty and silent . Rose frown . rose where 's the -- ( realize ) oh , God , no -- funland slap she across the face . move on top of she . funland we be go to play , little girl . we can make believe it 's my special place . he put he hand around Rose 's throat . she choke -- funland it 's a small world , after all . I love that song . it 's so true . so true . he tighten he grip . funland now , when we have finish you must not tell anybody that I play with you ... corinthian ( o.s. ) let go of she , Nathan diskin . 82. funland look up , the expression of a boy catch with he hand in the cookie jar , except he hand be around Rose 's throat . funland huh ? how -- how do you know my name ? the corinthian stand there , furious . corinthian let go of she . you have no idea what you almost do . funland drop Rose . she scurries away , choke and cough . funland cower under the corinthian 's glare . in a little - boy voice : funland be you go to kill I ? the corinthian advance on he . corinthian you do not seem to understand the rule , funland . too bad . ( in he face ) I guess I will have to remind you , then . let I tell you , funland , what the first rule be -- ( he wag a finger ) no kill . the corinthian laugh . funland , panting in fear , laugh , too . the corinthian turn , grab Rose , who shriek as he pull she away . ext . santa cruz - redwood forest - clearing - day a rope be toss over a branch . Philip , gag , no shirt , he chest bare and vulnerable , be strung up by he arm . nimrod I will not bother to ask how you get bogeyman 's invitation . we will talk about something else . we be philip 's Pov -- nimrod stare up at we . behind he be row of huge lovely redwood , a cathedral of tree . a otherworldly scene , like in a dream . nimrod you say you come here to learn . okay . we will teach you . teach you that this be not about sex ; it be not about power ; it be not about cruelty . ( more ) 83. nimrod ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you will learn . behind nimrod , the good Doctor step into frame . stare at Philip , stare right at we . nimrod the good Doctor like to skin people alive . lip collector -- well , the name say it all . the lip collector step into frame on the other side , shy , hunch over , but still grin . nimrod and I be nimrod , the hunter . I can bone , joint and gut any animal in minute . and you know what we be go to do now , Philip ? ( a deadly smile ) we be go to take turn ... ext . santa cruz - redwood forest - later Philip stand up in the forest , look daze . off screen there be a odd SOUND , the fluttering of many wing . philip wow ! when they strung I up , I think I be a goner for sure ! death step up right next to he , but she 's face the opposite way , look back toward the clear . death that 's what you think , huh ? Philip look at she , a little confuse , unsure . philip yeah ... death ( nod toward the clear ) say , be not you go to watch ? they be not nearly finish , yet . Philip turn , look back toward the clear . we hear the final sound of he body be kill . the reality of he death sink in . philip so that 's it ? that 's all I get ? 84 . death ' fraid so -- death squint a little , look toward the clear . death wait a second . I know that guy ! philip so ? death so in my line of work I do not get many , y'know , long term relationship . huh . she look at Philip with interest . death you be one lucky guy , Philip . philip really ? death really . really -really . most people worry they death have no significance . your could be one of the most significant of all time . philip cool ! death smile , put she arm around Philip . he seem to like it . she walk he away from the clear . death so , where would you like to go ? philip um . you mean , I get to pick ? death that 's how it work ... they disappear behind a huge redwood . off screen be that odd sound again -- the loud fluttering of many wing -- int . HOTEL - hallway - day death move down the hallway , look around with interest , peek into various conference room . death ( to herself ) shit , I do not believe this ... 85 . a sign read : ' there be no sanity claus . ' Inside the room , a nervous professional man answer a question : candy man uhn , look , as a practice psychiatrist , I , uh , well , look , none of you , uh , well , there 's no more evidence of mental abnormality among we people than amongst , um , they . less , maybe . death raise a eyebrow , move to the next room . this one be title women in serial killing . in the front , dog soup sit between a nurse and a woman in black . they do not look to pleased as she speak : dog soup I tell you , I be sick and tired of woman in we line be stereotype as black widow or killer nurse . I be a serial killer , and a woman , and I be proud of it ... she move on to the next room : we be what we be . she peek in to hear : oregon devil ... fundamental act of humanity be to kill . they be the sheep and cattle . but we know the truth . we be alive . death stop , shake she head in disbelief . death Little brother , what have you do ? she turn around , go back the way she come -- int . paul' apartment - day typical artist 's apartment . messy , canvass of many size strewn everywhere . weirdly , all of the canvass be blank . Paul ( who we have not see in a while , he 's Rose 's artist friend , the guy with the nightmare ) sit in a large open windowsill , foot dangle over the edge . he look drunk , waste . he turn , stare into camera . paul who be you ? how do you get in ? he follow someone as they move closer -- it be death . she shrug . 86 . death sorry . do not mean to disturb you . the door be open . paul cigarette ? death hold up a hand . death not for I ! paul who be you ? ( she just look at he ) do you come for I ? death no. I be search for my brother . he 's here somewhere , nearby . I have get to find he . paul matter of life or death ? death smile . glance at the windowsill . death ( gently ) it will be soon enough , Paul . why rush it ? Paul look at the many empty canvass . haltingly : paul I use to think I be special . but I be not . I be just like everyone else . I be go to be dead one day , just like everyone else , and then that 's it . death nod . move toward the door . stop . death just go ahead and do whatever you want . it 's not go to make any difference . Paul look at she questioningly . death everybody always get the same deal , no matter what . one lifetime . no more , no less . Paul turn away , a thoughtful look on he face -- 87 . int . rose's apartment - day close on : sandman , as he open he eye , squint into the sun stream in through the window . we hear that loud fluttering SOUND -- like the wing of bird -- death ( o.s. ) there you be ! sandman' Pov : look up as he sister , death , lean over he , block the sun . death ( mock ominous ) I have come for you , little brother ! sandman struggle , lean up on he elbow . death laugh . death just kid . death watch as sandman slowly recover . sandman sister -- thank you for come to my aid . death I be not come to you aid , I be here to kick you butt . sandman stare at she , frown . she lean close to he , explain : death I have find you escape nightmare , little brother . he 's tear the world apart at the seam , and near as I can tell it 's you fault . int . HOTEL - banquet hall - night no empty seat ; the place be pack with serial killer , many of the face familiar to we now . the mood be expectant , excited . nimrod address they ; he 's become a confident master of ceremony : nimrod ... they have call he the Eye guy , and the Dark angel , and shade , and maybe a thousand other name . but we have always know it be one man -- ( he start clap ) gentlemen . lady . we guest of honor : the corinthian ! 88. the corinthian leap onto the stage amid thunderous applause . he gesture for quiet , and the crowd reluctantly comply . corinthian be this on ? all right . many of you know this story . but for that that do not ... ( he cough ) once upon a time -- renewed applause -- like a rock - concert crowd recognize the open bar of a favorite song . the corinthian grin , wait , start over : corinthian once upon a time , the mean Lord of dream be capture . a child be bear of he magic dream sand , make a rift in dream ... and allow you humble servant to escape . the corinthian bow low . applause rise up ; he bask in it . corinthian that child , I be happy to say , be here with we today ! a sweeping gesture . from a side door , Rose Walker be wheeled out -- she 's gag , blindfolded , and bound head - to - toe to a move dolly . catcall and scream . she be leave in the middle of the stage . the corinthian take the mic in hand , move into the crowd like a daytime talk show host . corinthian and the vortex , continue to grow , weaken the Sand King , allow you humble servant to take he magic Ruby dreamstone ! he raise the glitter Ruby high above he . cheer from the crowd . corinthian and now , the happy end . soon , the dream will all be go ... all there will be leave be reality . ( gather they by eye ) you be special people . very special people . and the new reality will be create in the shape of you dream ! the corinthian speak in a evangelical fervor . he whirl , point to deliverance in he long gray beard -- 89 . corinthian deliverance ! in the new world , you will cleanse the world of the wick , and lead you people to righteousness ! and we see a quick image , flame burst to life , a house on fire , deliverance praying as people inside begin to scream -- back to scene , as the corinthian whirl , point to funland -- corinthian funland ! you will be a funny giant , and you little friend will come run to play with you , and never make fun of you ... and we see it -- funland , dance in a line of kid , hold hand , and it 's more than a little disconcert . back to scene , on funland 's blissfully smile face . someone stand up next to he -- it be Dog Soup , the female serial killer . dog soup Excuse I ... corinthian yes ? a question ? dog soup I want to ask , uh , how do we know that it work ? the Ruby . the corinthian blink . corinthian Works ? it 's already work . look at this convention . you be serial killer , for godsake . how can we be get away with this ? where be the maid -- the bellboy ? you think this be normal ? some of the audience shift uncomfortably in they chair . the corinthian hold the Ruby aloft . corinthian it seem normal -- it have become normal -- because of this . ( more ) 90 . corinthian ( cont 'd ) ( quote ) ' behold , I show you a mystery ; we shall not all sleep , but we shall be change in a moment , in the twinkle of a eye ...' ( smile ) you will walk this world like giant . you will be the celebrity , the star -- suddenly , the room be fill with adoring media : spotlight from mini-cam , flash from camera . corinthian you will be the heroes of book and movie , and -- uh ... look out into the crowd , we notice a dark figure , seat , unmove . the corinthian frown , but keep speak : corinthian ... and the face on the cover of people magazine ... now we get a good look : it be sandman , sit in the crowd , watch . the corinthian be unnerve . the reporter stare into the crowd -- corinthian we be gladiator , and we be swashbuckler and warrior and ... uh , king ... sandman stand . all SOUND drop out . only the sandman and the corinthian seem real -- all other have be reduce to backdrop . corinthian ... of the night ... sandman what ... what do you think you be do ? the corinthian twirl the Ruby . corinthian actually , I be glad you be here . I think I have get the hang of this . ( regards he ) but you do not look strong enough to make it interesting . do you ? sandman you must not do this . I forbid you . 91 . corinthian you abandon I . I wait for you return . I remember the gray day that stretch into year and into decade . the slow crumble of wall ... the room that be no longer there ... sandman lower he head slightly . sandman I ... be sorry , corinthian . corinthian well , that do not cut it ! you see , I like the waking world . it need a few change , that 's all . I be stay . lightn quick , sandman reach beneath he coat , and extract he pouch of sand . he toss a handful -- -- into the corinthian 's eye . he stagger back . corinthian no ! he back away , hold the Ruby up like a talisman , claw at he eye . sandman slip quickly to Rose 's side . her bond fall away . rose you come for I ... sandman I have to . he lift she in he arm , and hurry toward a side exit . the corinthian blink , search , still unable to see -- int . HOTEL - lobby - night sandman set Rose down . rose you have get to stop he . he will destroy the world . sandman I do not know if I can stop he . I may not be strong enough . rose because ... because of I . he say nothing . Rose stare at he . 92 . rose ( cont 'd ) what ... be you go to do ? sandman consider . his brow furrow as he weigh he option . and then he decide -- sandman nothing . I will do nothing . ( try to convince himself ) there be countless other plane beyond this one . we can travel they together , and leave this one to the corinthian . Rose stare up at he . she can not believe what he be say . sandman ( cont 'd ) I can not find it in I to harm you , Rose . you do nothing to deserve it . rose deserve . deserve have nothing to do with it , do it ? thing just happen sometimes ... and all you can do be the best you can with what you have get . sandman you sound very much like my sister . rose then I would like to meet she sometime . ( beat ) listen -- this be my world . this be where I live . this be where my friend live . ( beat ) he have to be stop . ( no argument ) he have to be . sandman you know ... what you be ask ? rose ( nod ) I know . I have to . it 's ... it 's my responsibility . sandman study she face . she return he gaze . tear well up in she eye . she turn away . 93. rose do it ! sandman nod slowly . sandman it be my responsibility . he cradle she in he arm , touch she face as she eye close -- sandman wait ! Rose 's eye snap open . sandman there be another way . rose no -- sandman yes ! of course . he be nothing but a dream . and you -- you be that which can destroy dream . together , we can beat he . together. ( beat ) we must join we soul . rose how ? sandman how do any two people join they soul ? sandman lean down -- -- and kiss her . int . HOTEL - hallway - night the door slam open . the corinthian spin -- sandman and Rose stand there , hand link , power radiating from they . sandman come , corinthian . let this be finish . corinthian yes . let it be finish , one way or the other . the corinthian lunge forward , the ruby metamorphose into a dagger . 94 . sandman pour sand from the pouch into Rose 's palm , then he own . sandman follow my lead . he clap he hand together , draw they apart -- he hold a shield of sand . he parry the corinthian 's charge , shove he away . Rose follow suit , create a sword . she look at it , surprised , then lunge forward , swinging for the corinthian -- the corinthian duck , stab the Ruby Dagger into she leg . she cry out . the sword become sand again , cascade to the floor . sandman slam the corinthian with the shield . the ruby dagger still protrude from Rose 's leg . sandman hit the corinthian again -- he sunglass go fly , revealing he eye socket line with teeth . cornere , the corinthian steel himself and punch -- -- through the shield . he grab sandman by the throat . sandman struggle to break free . the corinthian lean in , eye socket mouth snap for sandman 's throat , draw closer -- suddenly , the corinthian stiffen -- a eerie double scream issue from he eye socket . he stagger back -- the Ruby Dagger have be plunge deep into he back . Rose stand behind he , stare at she handiwork . the corinthian reach toward she , almost shrugging -- and then he be dead . Rose look up at sandman . sandman step to she , sweeping she up into he arm , look deep into she eye -- they kiss again , passionately , as we dissolve to : int . dream realm - sandman' palace - day sandman and Rose break they kiss . in best fairy - tale movie fashion , they now stand in the throne room of the palace , dress in finery . sandman lead Rose up the step , to -- two throne , identical , equal . he gesture for she to sit . she do ; he take he place beside she . Rose look around in happy wonder at the palace . she turn to look at sandman , who be already watch she . 95 . camera move in as he take she hand , they finger intertwine -- death ( o.s. ) brother ... int . HOTEL - lobby - night death stand there . she be subdued , sad . sandman look up . a tear run down he cheek . death that be a lovely final dream you give she . sandman cradle Rose in he arm . her head loll back . she be dead . sandman she deserve no less . death nod . she sweep a arm across Rose 's body -- there be the SOUND of wing , and then death be go . sandman rise . there be mirror tile on one entire wall . sandman glance at he many reflection -- float just beyond one of they be despair . despair no . do not enter . I do not want you in my realm . sandman nor do I wish to be there . he turn away from the mirror as despair fade . corinthian so , you do it . the corinthian stand in the hallway . he stare at Rose 's body , prone on the tarmac . corinthian why , you be a inspiration to we all . ( look up at sandman ) I still have the ruby . it be enough to kill you . more than enough . sandman stand , reach beneath he coat , produce he helm . 96 . sandman perhaps it can . it have absorb much of my soul - self already . but if you would fight I , you shall not do it here . the dream realm be repair . sandman put on he helm , give he voice a even more otherworldly sound -- sandman if you would steal a dreamlord 's power , than you shall do it in dream . sandman pull darkness around himself , and then he be go . corinthian coward . ( to the Ruby ) follow he . take I into dream , my darling ... the ruby flash blood red -- ext . dream realm - dusk a line of light appear , become the outline of a door . the door open , and the corinthian step through -- corinthian ( shouting ) I be no mere nightmare now , sandman . I be here to kill you . the corinthian stand in a cemetery . a grave stand empty . corinthian show yourself , sandman . you can not hide forever ... a pause . no answer . the corinthian use the ruby to blast a section of the cemetery -- -- and the illusion of a world be ripped away , tear like a painting . revealed behind the tear be many clockwork gear . corinthian can you see I , stinkard lord of piss and mire ? look ! another blast -- the clockwork fly to piece , as well as the rest of the cemetery . revealed behind the clockwork be -- 97 . hundred of face , float in darkness , eye shut in sleep . a sky of face , a landscape of face , surround the corinthian . this be the world of the dream . corinthian can you see I use you power to rip you ragtag dreamworld apart ? can you see I ? another blast -- the face twist in pain , waver . several scream out . sandman ( o.s. ) stop ! enough , corinthian ! I be here ! desist . the lense of sandman 's helm reflect the corinthian , who smile . corinthian yes . you be here . hello. ( indicate the ruby ) this be a lovely thing , be not it ? it contain you life . you magick . you power . ( beat ) right ? sandman ... right . corinthian and the last time you use it , it suck out more . yes ? ( beat ) yes ? sandman corinthian ... stop . you be tamper with the order of thing ... corinthian shut up ! I be go to ruin all of it . every bit . he hold the Ruby over he head . it glow . a beam knife into sandman 's heart . he moan -- corinthian do that hurt ? I bet it do . I bet it hurt . a lot . the beam widen . sandman slump , seemingly shrink -- corinthian what do it feel like ? to have the life suck out of you ? 98 . sandman stop -- the dreamer -- the face still look on , themselves be drain of vitality , grow gaunt , withere , desiccate -- corinthian I hold you life in my hand . I can kill you . he close he hand around the Ruby , squeezing -- corinthian this be you life , dreamsneak . and I be crush it out with my hand ! ext . destiny garden - twilight destiny stand in he garden , read from he great book . his finger trace the word , reach the bottom of the page . he prepare to turn to the next one -- -- and hesitate . just a moment -- and then he turn the page -- ext . dream realm - dusk the corinthian 's knuckle be white with strain -- the ruby shatter -- blood -red light flare , hurt the eye , fill the screen -- and then it fade , leave a white screen -- -- and the small figure of the corinthian , look surprised , and then smug . corinthian it work . he 's go . he can scarcely believe it . corinthian the king be dead . and long live the king ! look who 's in charge of the dream , now ... ( glance around ) ... what 's leave of it . he take a few step . the world remain pure white . he drop to he knee . alone , by himself , the corinthian actually smile -- a genuine , relieved smile . 99 . corinthian I be free again . finally . sandman ( o.s. ) thank you , corinthian . camera pull back , way back , revealing -- the corinthian have be stand in the pale white palm of sandman 's hand . pull back more . sandman be huge now , a giant . he peer down at the tiny figure of the corinthian . sandman it have be so long . I have forget ... I have forget how much of my power I have place in that jewel . and you release it . ( consider ) I doubt I would have think of that . the corinthian look up at sandman , not quite cower , but no longer cocksure . timid . corinthian what be you go to do to I ? the sandman begin to shrink . sandman you disappoint I , corinthian . you be my masterpiece , or so I think . he stand beside the corinthian now . sandman a nightmare create to be the darkness and the fear of darkness in every human heart . a dark mirror , make to reflect everything about itself that humanity will not confront . he touch the corinthian 's face . sandman but look at you . twenty year walk the earth , and what have you give they ? nothing . you have tell they there be bad people out there . ( sadly ) and they have know that all along . the corinthian wrench away from he . 100 . corinthian do you expect I to submit quietly ? to go back -- to never again know the delight of a eye as it pop between my tooth ? be that it ? sandman no . that 's not it . he grab the corinthian by the jaw , tight . sandman ( cont 'd ) I create you poorly , then . as I do uncreate you now . the corinthian scream -- his skin dissolves , leave the skeleton -- the skeleton fade away , except the skull , still in sandman 's hand . sandman stare into its eye socket fill with tooth . behind he , around he , the sleep face fade in . hundred of they , all race , all age , all gender ... ... and all sleep peacefully . sandman turn to camera -- sandman and you , that call yourselves collector -- ext . HOTEL - banquet hall - night he 's behind the podium , address the audience of killer . sandman until now , you have all sustained fantasy in which you be the maltreate heroes of you own storey . nimrod slouches in he seat . funland look away . sandman ( cont 'd ) comfort daydream in which , ultimately , you be show to be in the right . ( beat ) no more . and now all the eye in the room be on he . 101 . sandman ( cont 'd ) for all of you , the dream be over . I have take it away . for this be my judgment on you : ext . HOTEL - night the killer leave the hotel . some seem to want to talk to other , but ultimately , they do not . sandman ( v.o. ) that you shall know , at all time , and forever , exactly what you be . and you shall know just how little that mean . ( tired ) now , leave . funland be one of the last . he take off he cap , and drop it . the wind kick up , blow it across the parking lot . the killer just drift away , fade into the darkness . fade to black ext . cemetery - day a bright day , not at all proper for a funeral . the white flower around the casket look almost festive in the sun . Rose 's friend be gather at the gravesite . most we meet at the party , include Kelly , Sam ( hold Rose 's kitten ) , and Paul , who stand at the head of the grave . paul I , uh , I would like to read something ... a poem , from one of Rose 's -- ( he voice break ; he gather himself ) this be from Rose 's favorite book , and it , uh -- it mean a lot to she ... ( clear he throat ) " in wonderland they lie " drifting as the day go by " watch as the summer die " lying in the golden gleam ... " ext . dream realm - sandman' palace - dusk the palace have be rebuilt . the surround land be green . sandman stand on a balcony , head inclined , listen . paul ( v.o. ) " ... life be but a dream . " 102 . lucien step onto the balcony , nervous about disturbing sandman . Matthew , perch on lucien 's shoulder , be not . matthew hey , boss . head up . sandman raise he head , but do not look at they . sandman yes ? lucien my lord ... there be nightmare to be inspect . sandman turn . he peer at the two of they . sandman lucien ... in my absence , you do not leave . you remain at you post , in the Library . lucien ah ... yes , lord . I be a librarian , after all . sandman that be true . still ... ( beat ) thank you , lucien . lucien be startle -- but genuinely pleased . lucien you -- you be welcome , my lord . Matthew flutter to sandman 's shoulder . cock he head . matthew you have change , boss ... you know that ? sandman have I ? I be still dream , and I still have my responsibility . lucien the nightmare ..? dream glance down -- almost as though he 's look back at the funeral . sandman of course . but , first , I think something a bit more ... inspirational . 103 . ext . dream realm - rocky spire - day we recognize Paul 's dream : he cling to the spire , unable to climb higher , afraid to fall . he grasp for a better handhold , then glance up -- sandman stand precariously , impossibly , on the very tip of the spire , Matthew perch on he shoulder . paul who -- who be you ? matthew hey , buddy . you look screw . paul I never should have climb up here ! I learn my lesson ... sandman have you ? it be sometimes a mistake to climb . it be always a mistake to never even make the attempt . paul but I be catch here ! if I even move , I will fall ! I will die ! be not you scared of fall ? matthew not I . sandman hush , Matthew . ( to Paul ) be it that bad to fall ? sometimes you wake , and sometimes , yes , you die . sandman turn and nonchalantly walk away -- across thin air . he pause , turn back to Paul . sandman but there be a third alternative . Paul stare into he face . it be the same face that roderick burgess look into nearly seventy year earlier : the same aquiline nose , the same sharp cheekbone , the same dark eyesbut now it be less harsh . less forebode . Paul swallow . he nod . and -- paul lets go . he arc away from the spire , out and down in slow motion . be he fall -- or be he fly ? 104 . int . paul be loft - night Paul wake up . across the room , a large blank canvas stand on a easel , beckone , taunting . Paul stare at it , then rise . like a sleepwalker , move toward it -- Paul mix paint on a palette -- he use a roller to create a powder blue sky , like the one in he dream -- he sketches in the spire with charcoal -- he begin to paint a figure -- the figure be in mid-air , have let go of the precipice -- and it be fly , arm outstretch . but it be not Paul . it be rose , smile as she soar . camera push in on Rose 's smile face , closer and closer until detail be lose in nearness , and we fade to black the end