devil on the mountain by Michael Worth current revision 06/25/05 2nd draft name : Michael Worth - Grizzly peak production address : 25811 tournament rd h-14 Valencia CA 91355 phone : ( 661 ) 753-9627 wga registration number : 1047332 devil on the mountain " the way grow narrow and dark ... suddenly you find yourself face to face with a tower figure , a shadow compose of all you doubt and fear and well armed to defend a treasure " - Joseph Campbell , the hero 's journey ext . mountain roadway - night a long stretch of road . pretty damn lonely . we be way up there . surrounded by dark tree and darker mountain . walnut creek , vermont - 15 year ago a lone woman , sit road side , she car steaming . this we will get to know as SARA . late 20 , pretty , vulnerable . a tow truck 's red light appear through the night mist casting a eerie glow across the road . the truck pull up behind the car , the door open and the driver step out . this be chase jackson , 30 to 40 , strong fellow . the two approach each other , stop a few foot short . chase car trouble huh ? SARA nothing better at this time of night . chase well mam , let I see what I can do . chase move to the front of the car , look it over as Sara watch over he shoulder . SARA be it bad ? chase could be worse . busted water heater hose . chase face the woman , he eye penetrate hers . SARA expensive , huh ? he look she up and down . ( continued ) continued : chase well , at this time of night , it might be extra costly . SARA ( take a bit by surprise ) oh really ? you mean , you will charge I more for a night call ? it be obvious where chase be go with this flirt . chase well , it 's possible ... I might be able to accept payment ... in other way . she seem to be give in . SARA well .... this do not sound ethical . he move in ... very close . chase well , let 's just call it a barter . SARA I see ... then the two engage in a long kiss . Sara pull back and punch chase in the chest SARA ( cont 'd ) chase ... how could you let I go to work with a bust water hose ? chase ( rub he sore chest ) honey , I tell you about that hose a week ago . SARA telling I and fix it be two different thing . chase what about all that woman 's 1ib ? SARA I be still happy be a woman thank you very much . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 1 woerin wrong ratgpngr ' rw tradition in this life ... like the man fix thing . ( beat ) who be watch raquel ? chase move back to he truck chase you know for a twelve year old , she can almost run the shop herself . she 's fine honey , she can get we on the cb if she need to . chase fish through he tool BOX for a clamp and hose . and then we hear that _sound ..... the haunting cackle of the cb radio from he truck . it cut through the rustic silence like a knife . radio ....hey ... someone out there .... anybody ?... chase stands up slowly , wipe he hand . he listen as the radio once again go silent , suddenly make he surroundings feel a lot more spooky . radio ( cont 'd ) ( crack ! ) somebody on the line ?.... Holy mother that thing be huge .... move like the wind too ... bigger than a bear .... hello ? chase slowly move towards the radio , as if it be alive . he reach across the seat and grab a hold of the mic . chase this be chase Jackson . who be that ? over . nothing . he wait a moment , maybe hope there will be no answer . chase ( cont 'd ) come on back . over . a beat . then ... radio hey ....hey .... what 's you ten four ? chase jump , sigh . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) chase highway twenty four , just east of lonesome Trail . another beat , maybe longer . feel like it . radio .... do you see it then ? it 's incredible . it 's head you way . have you see ..... nothing . chase hello ? what 's head my way ? come back friend . wham ! a flash of light hit chase like a club . Sara stand near by with a old time video camera , filming she husband playfully . chase ( cont 'd ) geez honey ... you can blind a guy with that thing . she smile , shift it around the area . SARA grumpy husband ... that 's what you be . grumpy , stubborn , want to do thing he way , full of pride . but you know what ... you also believe in the best in life like no one I have ever know . no matter how bad time get , no matter how hard you want to resist .. you always find a way to come shine through . he smile and get back to work . her light cross the forest , illuminate the thick tree in a eerie light . SARA ( cont 'd ) this video camera be worth every penny ... suddenly something huge move through frame , in the thicket ! Sara jump , startle . her eye now rivete on the tree-line and what it hold . she move , hypnotize towards where the disturbance be , across the highway , she camera still train on the tree . chase continue to fidget with he gear , not notice . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) chase grumpy , huh ? why not ? I support my family drive a tow truck . I live in a town that be not even on some map . my accomplishment I could count on one hand . yeah , I grumpy ...? Sara be still transfix on what she see in the dark , move towards it . the air be almost completely silent . wham ! a car smashes into she from out of nowhere ! chase spin ... chase ( cont 'd ) Sara !!! too late . her body be throw into the air . chase run to he wife in a panic , drop to he knee at she crumpled body . he cradle she easily in he lap , know damn well what be about to happen . chase ( cont 'd ) no sweetheart ....no . please do not go . beside she be the camera . batter and tear . the car weave onward , it 's drunken driver have no intention of stop . chase watch he wife slip from he as he rock she slowly . her eye reach out to he . SARA do you ... see it ?.... do you ? be not it ... amazing ...? and she be go . then ..... something appear just ahead of he . something in the darkness , quiet but yet very overpower . the huge figure appear to be stand upright , watch chase from the depth of the tree . it 's breathe low , from the bowel of the earth . whatever it be .... it be enough to draw chase 's attention to it , he teary eye strain in the night to see what he wive 's eye have . ( continued ) continued : ( 5 ) then we : CUT to : black screen the short title begin as we hear the voice of a interviewer . interviewer so , have you actually ever see a Sasquatch ? and then : ext . walnut creek - day the kind of sleepy village you would expect to find . the one where the local grocery store sponsor the yearly fair . rustic but beautiful . grandma-town . a wire -rimmed glass wearing red head kid about 12 , look into lens , the subject of a obvious news piece . we be see this through the grain of 16 mm or the pixilation of video . a festivity in the background . kid yeah .... I see he once . he be steal a chicken from we yard . he be big and scary and hairy . ( beat ) then he get back on he giant space ship and fly back to outer space . ( beat ) and they have really bright light . series of shot - title walnut creek - today we move through the town of Walnut Creek as we credit roll . a rockwellian picture . not much have change here . but like roswell , it be apparent this town have grow famous for something else : bigfoot . image , some absurdly humorous , of the hairy man beast adorn everything from shoe store to gas station . a sign with the giant humanoid read ; home of the famous jackson footage . a tourist trap if there ever be one . and it 's in full swing here as car and truck move down the small street , toot they horn . it 's national bigfoot day , at least accord to the sign in the hand of the guy in the gorilla suit . ( continued ) continued : ; ; ; Disposable camera click away , capture the town 's big event . we see through the unseen news crew's camera as they grab sound bite from the many resident who either shun or delve heavily into the idea of bigfoot roam they land . all this home spun interview be penetrate by quick burst of old bigfoot style photo , Men hold giant foot cast and sketches of what might be . there be also clip of sara' video footage . that _night ... in the dark . something giant move through the tree . interviewer we be here in Walnut Creek , a once sleepy town awaken by the now famous video clip know in the bigfoot community as the Jackson footage . capture by the late Sara Jackson who be kill in a accident that same night , it have become the Holy grail in the cryptozoology circle , the great find in Sasquatch study . asa result , this once obscure village now share in it 's own kind of celebrity . the news crew approach who we will get to know as sheriff harris zeff , but you might not know it . the early side of 70 , he be dress in he civy . probably past he prime but the job here require only so much from he . he seem a bit uncomfortable on camera , but smile all the same . harris have I see he ? uh no sir I have not . I have see the occasional prankster in a monkey suit . but all this attention do put smile on most people 's face here . not to mention a few helpful tourist dollar . next we see ken robinson . deputy , 30 , dark feature , fixate , he eye scan the area . the kind of guy that take charge . he smile , humoring the tv crew . ken Sasquatch be a very old legend . teddy Roosevelt even write about a apparent Sasquatch attack in he book back in 1890 . the tradition have not die out yet . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) ( nie kemgrontudly ) now what do that tell you ? it be obvious this town have finally earn a spot on the map . ext . STREET - day a nice corner of the town . a traditional family walk through frame . and then ... like some dement Abbey Road satire a very differently dress group enter the frame . dress in black city -slick style , they clash with the surroundings like rosie o'donnel and a bikini . end credit the apparent leader we will come to know as travis jensen , mid 40s , seasoned , the most focus . a samll ear cell phone hang from he lobe . dustin , 40 , a slick competitor . saunter next to they be kayla keller . let 's just say she be the sexiest bank robber you ever see . then we have WADE and kyle thompson , 30 , street hone , trouble . this two brother would be join at the hip again if they could . they move across the street to a parking lot , grab some look as they go . they pull around a corner , stop ina parking lot next to a beat up lincoln . wade turn to Kyle . WADE what do you think , chupacabra or Loch ness monster ? kyle easy bro ... the same think hit they head . WADE kyle Loch ness . Loch ness . kyle ( cont 'd ) he would swallow that goat sucker down like a shot of tequilla . WADE Little critter might take ol nessie 's tonsils out on the way down . kyle maybe toho studio should make it . they have not have a good one since ... ( continued ) continued : WADE kyle ... War of the gargantuas . ... War of the gargantuas . kayla what 's with you guy anyway ? be not you suppose to be identical twin to have all the esp ? WADE usually , but it be not a exact science . some say .. kyle ... it 's all baloney anyway . but .. the two hold up fist . WADE .. it make rock , paper , scissors a real bitch . the two both bang out " paper " with they hand and slap each other five . travis wish you guy be half as quiet as you be psychic .... ( beat , hold up hand ) Charlie , what ya get ? okay , buy a thousand share at seven fifty . I do not care how high the pe be , buy it . I 'ma buy and holder , you know that . would not sell unless my life depend on it . check with you ina bit . dustin we stick out like Alice in wonderland around here . travis wo not much matter in ... ( look to watch ) Fifteen minute . he open the car trunk , begin pulling out a cache of weapon , hand they to he crew . kayla where 's lover boy ? 10 . int . sergio' cafe - day the kind of place you would expect to find in the middle of nowhere . quiet , uneventful . sirom ,30s , we local law man sit at the bar with he coffee move at the speed of syrup . the kitchen door open . we buxom waitress move slightly dishevel over to sirom 's table . she fumble for she note pad from she badly buttone shirt , the name tag read '' priscilla '' . priscilla sorry about the wait , sirom . you want some more coffee ? sirom naw . this should do I fine . priscilla well , have a good day sirom . say hi to Louise . Priscilla shrug , lick she lipstick smear lip , and move down the diner . int . kitchen - day Priscilla move through the hall , into the darker kitchen . a_ pair of tattooed arm wrap around her , cover her mouth . luke ( 0.c. ) shhhhhhhhh . the man step back and into the light . luke stewart be 30 a shirt louder than he personality . year of torture flesh wrap around a child . he tap he gun against he thigh . luke ( cont 'd ) take off you top . Priscilla watch he closely , start to take off she shirt luke stare as she get down to she skirt and bra . he move over to she , grab she face and kiss she hard . he pull back , after a beat .... she blow a bubble . priscilla you do not get tired do you ? luke do not put off tomorrow what you can do today . ( continued ) 11 . continued : he grab she in another embrace , throw she down on the table . priscilla I get customer out there . luke they can wait a second . priscilla a second ? guess you really do not wait for tomorrow , do you ? ( beat ) hey luke , you really go to come back to take I out of here ? luke smile , sort of sweetly . luke baby , have I ever lie to you ? priscilla I guess not in the whole four day I know you . ext . walnut creek - day Harris be lock up the pharmacy , hang the sign up back in 30 minute . ken ( 0.c. ) sheriff ! Harris turn as Ken approach . ken ( cont 'd ) close up the store ? harris well , get a call from Ms. Starr and she say she get herself a car block she drive way . go to see if I can figure out whose it be . ken sheriff , I would be more than happy to take care of it for you . ( beat , smile ) besides , you put in you four hour of duty today . ( continued ) 12 . continued : Harris return a half smile , some pride take out of he sail . harris I know that insurance company do not like I put in more than a couple hour under my badge , but I be still the sheriff . turn seventy be not a death warrant . ken ( recover ) Sir ... I just mean ... I know you can do it ... I just want to help if you want to keep the store open . Harris place a hand on Ken . harris you can help by back I up as Ms. Starr can get pretty ornery sometimes . Ken smile and the two set off down the street to Harris ' truck . ext . bank - day the band of would - be robber step from the shadow of the local store just outside the bank . Travis size up the quiet establishment . travis look good . every one on they game ? dustin as long as that boy luke be here on time . travis he will be here . better we do not have a damn car sit in front of the bank too long . WADE so we get three camera , no guard ... kyle ... and five hundred grand with we name on it . ( continued ) 13 . continued : travis and it 's all suppose to go out tomorrow morning . but we do not come all the way out to jerkwater for nothing . easy enter , easy exit . kayla let 's go . I need some excitement after hang around you guy . the crew take one last look around the empty street and start towards the bank ... they mask go on as they near the door . int . kitchen - day Priscilla be fix she shirt while luke sit on the stove , lighting a cigarette off the flame . he now sport a hat that say " I lie to Girls " . priscilla I never be to New York before . luke yeah ? well , you will love it there . get building and everything . priscilla will we get a house with a big yard and a dog ? luke blow a cloud of smoke . luke baby , I be the silver car to you future and you be just need to sit back and enjoy the ride . she smile , loving the crap come from he mouth . she notice the time . priscilla ah ... one o'clock . I get to sweep the floor . luke jump up . luke one o'clock !? damn . I get to go baby . ( continued ) 14 . continued : he start to grab he stuff while Priscilla scramble for a pen and paper . priscilla well ... you will come back soon , will not you ? luke yeah ... yeah ... you bet ya . she scribbles something down and hand it to the hurried young man . priscilla here 's my number . sometimes my momma answer but she will get I for ya . ( kiss he ) call I soon . I will be dream of that day we drive out of here for good . luke touch she face sweetly . luke do not you worry none . you kingdom await princess . he jet out the door , leave Priscilla among all the pot and pan . ext . sergio' diner - day luke move from the store and over to the wait van . he check the surroundings and hop in . start the engine take a look at Priscilla 's number , kiss the paper and throw it into the wind . the van speed off and sirom step out to watch it go .... ext . bank - day luke 's van pull up to the front of the van . his eye dart back and forth on the street . inactive . perfect . he reach up and stroke the fuzzy dice on the mirror as he slowly pull up to the front . luke come on seven . once parallel with the window , he peer in . ( continued ) 15 . continued : through the window we see what must be Wade and Kyle animatedly wave they gun around the room at the few patron on the floor . kayla carry two big bag in she hand , motion to the other . luke begin to put on the mask when he note in the side view mirror .... sirom ! the cop be walk slowly towards the van from across the street . luke ( cont 'd ) this really suck . he look to the mask and then he face in the mirror . luke ( cont 'd ) mask scenario or face scenario ? mask scenario or face scenario ? ( beat ) face . he jump out of the van , face sirom , act confuse . luke ( cont 'd ) Officer , thank god you be here . I have be drive around in circle leave and right ... well of course if I be drive in circle it 's get to be leave and right ... but I be look for how to get back to New York . sirom you blinker be not work . luke I be sorry . my blinker ? thanks . I will get that fix in the very next town . sirom I have to write you a ticket . sirom pull a pad , start to write . luke turn to the bank see the group scatter by the window . luke can I get a warning ? ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) sirom get to enforce this thing . sorry son . the door bust open . luke turn to sirom and shrug . luke I be sorry too . luke punch sirom as the group move from the bank to the van . Travis see the cop . travis what be you do luke ?! luke watch tv . what do you think ? kayla he see you face . luke you do not like my face ? the group move into the van quickly . sirom roll over , moan as he pull he gun , fire , break out the van window . sirom get to he foot , he gun still fire . sirom stop ! Kyle stick he gun through the window and shoot ... hit sirom in the chest ! as the van speed off through a group of scream people , sirom fall to the warm cement , he blood stain the asphalt pretty quickly . ext . gas station - day nine minute earlier a gas station whose clock stop work around the 1969 rest just off the side of the road . a s.u.v. pull up to the pump . the door open and we see erin price , late 20 . a face to fall in love with but eye that look like they have see the bad side of that already . Erin stretch a moment and then turn to she finger . ( continued ) 17 . continued : a engagement ring , catch the light of the sun . she stare at it , begin to slowly push it off she finger with she thumb ... then stop . she sigh and turn to ... a long table , display a array of goodie , antique and trinket . include a video tape .... one we may have see before . she walk over to all of it . raquel ( 0.c . ) that 's a special tape . Erin turn to see raquel jackson , 20 , country pretty . blonde hair and blue eye that make you want to smile . in she coverall , she move over to Erin . erin special ? raquel move over , extend she hand . raquel raquel . erin ( shake hand ) erin. ( beat ) raquel ? raquel my daddy love raquel welsh . I mean , he love my momma too , but you know man . erin yeah ... Erin give a half smile , something in that comment maybe tear at she . Erin pick up the tape . erin ( cont 'd ) so , what 's special about this ? raquel this tape be kind of infamous , or even famous depend on who you talk to . they call it the Jackson footage . for better or for worse , kind of put this little town on the map . you might have even catch a piece of it on tv at one time or another . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 2 ) Erin be now curious as to where this girl be go . raquel ( cont 'd ) it 's the last thing my mother ever see before she be kill . Erin react to this , she attention now lock . raquel ( cont 'd ) and in some way , it 's now the first thing my father ever seem to remember . ( beat ) it only last a couple second , and kind of hard to see as be usually the case , but there be something there . maybe a bear , someone in a suit ... but it 's there . ( raquel try to remain strong ) it 's grab you attention , like it do my mother that night . Erin , lose in the moment , want to hear more , begin to speak when raquel snap back into today , pull out of the past , laugh . raquel ( cont 'd ) you want I to fill she up ? erin uh...yeah . please . raquel move to the pump while Erin watch she go . ext . gas station - day Erin climb into the car as raquel finish pump the gas and move to the window . Erin pay she . erin here ya go . raquel thanks . so where you run to ? Erin almost look catch in the headlight . erin " running to " ? ( continued ) 19 . continued : raquel nod to the seal box in the back seat , tape up in a hurry . raquel not that I be be nosey ... well , maybe a bit . I watch a lot of that detective show . I see all they box tape up like you be in arush . but everything else in you car look so neat . make I think you be not sloppy so you must have be in a real hurry . Erin laugh , know she have be peg . erin that be pretty good . yeah .... guess I be in a hurry . try to leave one life behind and start a new one . ( beat , play with ring ) maybe I be in too much of a rush . raquel look at Erin , think a beat and then hand she the tape . raquel you take this . I really do not know what I could have sell this for it would have either be too much or not enough . I think if anyone should take this out of my life it 's someone who know how to move on . ( be : the indian totem ) I will even toss this in for free . for luck . erin thanks . that mean a lot . raquel believe I , my pleasure . Erin begin to drive off . she stop a moment at the road when she notice something . she tilt she rear view mirror to see the side of the gas station . stand there , watch she leave , be a man , 5as . partially obscure by the screen door . his pierce gaze hit she even from there . this be chase jackson , twenty year older since we last see he . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 2 ) bang ! bang ! the echo of gun shot ring out in the distance . Erin turn to listen a moment and when she turn back , she see chase as he disappear around the back . Erin shrug and drive off . ext . roadside - day we pan across the beautiful landscape of this mountain oasis but the view soon turn into something not so beautiful ... the totem from Erin 's vehicle lie break on the ground . we catch piece of smoking metal before get to the first automobile carcass . on it 's side , be Erin 's truck , its body already engulf in flame ! int . s.u.v . - day Erin 's eye flutter open . blood drip down from she forehead . she look through she crack windshield and see : another car up on a rock . Wade stumble around aimlessly . the window be kick open as Travis move out with kayla . flame erupt around Erin 's cab . she reach for she seat belt , release it , drop to the ground and look to a backpack at she foot . she toss it to the ground outside . as she scramble to get out , she notice a hand grab she backpack . as she move towards the window , the same hand suddenly reach in and yank she out . ext . roadside - day dragge from the burn vehicle she look up to she savior and see luke 's bloody face , she backpack in he hand . luke how ya feel ? erin I ... I do not know . okay , I guess . luke you get insurance ? luke laugh , drop the backpack and move off . Erin look around she , the scene grow more surreal by the second . ( continued ) 21 . continued : Travis and kayla begin pull automatic weapon from the van , Dustin be scramble to stuff some cash lay on the ground into the bag . Kyle be lay motionless on the ground . travis grab the money Wade ! but Wade be to focus on he bloody brother . WADE Kyle ! he move towards he fall body , shake he . WADE ( cont 'd ) get up ! come on get up ! Kyle ! as Erin move to she foot , kayla move towards she . erin ( to kayla ) be you okay ? kayla answer with a front kick to Erin 's stomach , drop she . kayla just fine . how be you ? Wade turn to Erin , fire in he eye as he pull he gun ! WADE I will kill you . i'1l kill you ! luke jump in , grab the gun hand as it go off into the air . WADE ( cont 'd ) let go you ass ! travis Wade . stay cool . WADE Travis , Kyle be dead ! my brother ! because of this bitch . Travis point he gun at wade . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) travis do not question I . he 's dead . I be sorry . we get to move . Wade be froth at the mouth as he turn to luke . WADE do not touch I you crazy bastard ! I never want you here in the first place ... he shoot Erin a death glance and turn back to he brother . Erin slowly get to she foot , the gravity of the scene sink in . Dustin start laugh . travis something funny to you Dustin ? dustin yeah it be . this be sucha metaphor of you life Travis . one frickin car wreck to another . WADE shut you mouth Dustin . dustin I do not feel sorry for you brother , Wade . no one here can feel sorry for anyone . not I , not you and especially not Travis . we would all turn on each other for a extra dollar and you know it . Travis shove Dustin to the ground . travis I take it the crash get you think funny . whatever redeem quality we piss away in we life , there be one that have to remain . loyalty . because without that ... be just some kind of animal . ( beat , move closer ) right now , I be grasp for every bit of it like a desperate man . Dustin , brushes off the dirt and stand . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 3 ) dustin I be not interested in be you salvation Travis . luke ( 0.c. ) here come John Wayne . they turn to luke on top of the over turn car , he point down the road . Ken 's squad car follow by Harris ' truck quickly approahes . travis everyone load up . ( be : Erin ) grab she . luke move to the other as kayla yank up Erin . erin who be you ? kayla just you friendly neighborhood bank robber . Ken 's car and the truck pull up to a skid halt . they jump from they vehicle , weapon draw . they be join by craig stone , young and probably never really sure why he take this job . his uniform unbuttone , sloppy . stanley vaughn be the new one of the bunch , ready for the next step . and he 's about to get it . stanley geez ... there they be ! there they be ! the one that kill sirom . Harris cock he shot gun . harris Stan , keep you head . Ken , you see anything ? Ken be tuck behind he car . ken more than four . they might have a female hostage . craig damn . what the hell we do ? this be real bank robber . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 4 ) Harris take a breath , he man look to he . he move to he car mounted bullhorn . harris this be sheriff Harris Zeff . throw out you weapon and release the hostage . let 's keep from shed any more blood . behind the over turn s.u.v. , the crew wait huddle for order from Travis . they attention draw to the new threat Dustin spot a wad of cash and grab it . he then take a beat and move quietly to the mountain edge .... and disappear . kayla there 's only four of they . luke that 's a nice truck too . Toyota with a eight inch lift . travis guess we could use the ride . ( beat , touch ear phone ) hey Charlie ... how much be it ? okay , buy two thousand share then . listen , get to go . ( look at the cop ) okay , let 's try not to hit anything but the cop . and then they begin to unload ! bullet bounce off of the hood of the car and truck as the local law hit the ground . stanley they be shoot ! they be shoot ! Craig drop behind he truck . craig Stan you get a damn knack for state the obvious . Ken return fire . the chain reaction begin and bullet be fly everywhere . Harris begin to fire with he shot gun which take piece off of the suv . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 5 ) behind the suv , Wade take a quick look around , note the miss Dustin . WADE Travis . Dustin 's go ! Travis look the area over , frown . as the cop continue to fire , Harris throw he hand up . harris seize fire ! Ken watch , or more appropriately listen , carefully . Harris get back on he bullhorn , clear he throat . harris ( cont 'd ) listen up . we do not want any more get kill . what do you say we talk ? no response . craig what be they wait for ? should we keep shoot ? ken sheriff ? Harris take a breath then look into the cab of he truck and see : a dusty korean war medal , hang from the visor . next to that , a photo , somewhere in the 1950s , of Harris and he wife . a past long go . he take a breath and move forward into the street , he gun hold high . craig sheriff ! what be you do ? harris cover I . ken sheriff..wait.. damn . Ken quickly take up another position , cover , as Harris move across the road , vulnerable in the open . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 6 ) Harris try to maintain he breathe , tapping into a ancient instinct . he look to the other car , into the windshield . no reflection . he pop around the overturn car and see ... nothing . they be go ! he quickly move to the edge of the road and look down . the open range dwarf the small group of robber as they vanish into the dense tree below . Harris catch he breath . harris they be in the timber ! the man move over to he quickly , look over the small perimeter . Craig be pump . craig wow . wow . we get ourselves some real damn bad guy ! stanley should I get Gary on the horn and get back up ? harris tell he we need everyone . make sure that eli close up the hardware store and bring all he rifle out here . stanley move off . the other look to the vast forest ahead of they . ken that 's some bad country they in . harris you right about that . ext . forest # 1 - day Dustin move quickly through the tree , he breath and footstep out do each other with noise . he finally stop .... listen . the silence surround he . nothing but tall tree above he . he smile . free at last . SNAP ! a twig break . Dustin pull he gun . his untrained eye scan the green wall around he . nothing . he move a further .... 27 . continued : ext . forest # 1 - day Travis , Erin and the other ( minus luke ) move through the tree . it be obvious that none of this be indigenous to any of they . they be in new territory . kayla maintain close contact with Erin , then turn to wade . kayla I always think Dustin be a loser . travis well , it 's too late now . WADE which way do we go ? travis straight . the border can not be more than a few mile from here . better than get trap on that road until more of they boy show up . WADE I can not tell , leave from right in this damn amazon . erin just leave I behind . I be no good to you . travis you may be if they come after we . kayla look around . kayla where 's boy toy ? the other turn to look , luke be no where in sight . WADE where the hell be he ? travis luke ! a beat and then ... wham ! a body drop in front of they ... on he foot . luke have just jump from a tree to the side of they . ( continued ) 28 . continued : WADE you freak ! what be you do ? luke sight see . the law dog seem to have company comin' . we should move . luke look to Erin and smile . she turn she head . luke move ahead , dance through the mud puddle as he go . Erin take a look behind they , the forest now completely close around they . she look to kayla . kayla you look nervous there sweetheart Erin make a noise that could be a laugh . erin funny , so do you . Erin move ahead , leave kayla to ponder what she have say as the tree seem to close around they . ext . roadside - day a beat up truck pull up to the other officer . jumping from the creaky door be eli , 5as and as rusty as he truck . he carry a high powered rifle in one hand and a long sport bag with rifle in the other . he head to Harris , hand he the bag as the two move towards the clear . harris eli , you get here quick . eli be just down the hill help van cleef get he trailer out the mud . Heard the call . this the bastard that shot up sirom ? harris yeah . eli get ourselves some wild one . harris ( note something ) where the dog ? ( continued ) continued : Craig catc they stop turn to E this hit 29 . eli curse you timing Harris . both they girl be get they canine clean and be fly high on somethin' the doc give ‘em . do not worry , be not nothing they can smell that I can not anymore . hes up with they . harris we get to move on this now , they get themselves a hostage . eli you will be eat my dust ol ' boy . I will have they tag and bag before dinner . at the hill , look into the thick forest . Ken li , hand he a walky talky . ken you know this terrain ? eli here ? no one know this area . not even funny monkey man . craig you talk about crazy old chase Jackson ? Harris somewhere . harris hey , watch where you mouth boy . craig geez Harris , he think he dead wife film a monster and then he turn this whole town into a tourist freak show . harris chase be a good man . he lose himself a lot . just look for he way ... like the rest of we . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 2 ) eli ( be : he rifle ) I and the old lady will be all you will need . I will get myself ahead of they by night . harris they be dangerous eli . just lead the way . eli start down the hill , not wait . craig hey .. slow up you old fool . eli flip he off without turn around . eli I will leave you child some marker where to find I . Harris pass one rifle to Ken and hang on to the other . harris here ya go Ken . you the best shot . craig Harris ! I can shoot that boy under the table ... Harris ignore he , turn to stanley . harris stanley , you stay and wait here until back up arrive . Ken turn to Harris . ken sheriff , you might want to stay yourself . let Craig and I go . Harris look to he , avoid the statement . harris we be go into Dark territory . cell phone and radio will last about a mile . let 's get some flare gun . Craig smile , ready for a change . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 3 ) craig Hell yeah . this be better than parking ticket detail . time to put some real mile on this badge . the three move towards the mountain await they . ext . forest # 1 - day the bad guy crew move upon a rapid river , dissect the area with a heavy current . travis damn . WADE which way Travis ? Left or right ? you bring we out into this damn place . travis Wade ..... you just take the step I take , swing you stick the way I do and as always you will have some pocket change to blow on you car and whore . Wade move off , piss , lean against a tree . WADE it be Kyle that like the whore . Travis sigh and look the area over . luke ( to Erin ) thirsty ? erin no . luke well , I be . as he open the pack he pull out some plastic bottled water . luke ( cont 'd ) ah ... the french stuff . ( beat ) be this poison ? ( laugh at himself ) that 's a french joke . ( continued ) 32 . continued : erin ( dry ) that 's a good one . he take a sip and offer it to she again . she only stare , he shrug and stuff the bottle back in . ext . forest # 1 - day a yellow marker tie to the tree . the lawmen grab it , Harris on the radio . harris eli , we get you marker . where you at ? over . eli ( 0.s. ) work my way around , think I be already ahead of they . if you hurry you slow butt up , we can intercept they . over . harris just keep you distance . over and out . ken they be really burrow themselves in there . move north . probably the border . harris Radio stanley , find out where the back up be . Ken get on the walky . ken stanley , you on ? over . the static from the radio now apparent . stanley ( 0.s. ) ..- yeah ... it 's I . over . ken any luck with we back up ? over . stanley ( 0.s . ) ... we have a bit of a problem ...over . ( continued ) 33 . continued : ken what problem be that ? over . ext . roadside - day stanley be on the side of the road . he pace around nervously , not sure what to do next . stanley well , it 's just they can not get no chopper up here to help until late tomorrow . they say they can have a full out border patrol wait for they to get through . that ... and I be still alone up here . over. ken ( 0.s. ) ...so .... we be .... all on we own now ? over. stanley you break up . ( beat ) they recommend you come back , not go any deeper . over . ken .... they .... hostage ...... the radio turn to a mush of static . stanley what ? can not hear you ? over . nothing . silence . stanley frown , look around on at he lonely surroundings . stanley ( cont 'd ) this be not good . ext . forest # 1 - day eli move through the tree , he look to the ground , spot the track conspicuously in the mud . a cocky grin cross he face as he tie a yellow marker to the tree . eli you dumb fool . walk yourselves right into the mouth of Satan . SNAP ! ( continued ) 34 . continued : something in the forest . eli spin , he reflex still good . he press up against a tree , watch the foliage for any movement . his nostril flare , smell something that do not sit right with he . after a moment of silence , eli stand and then make he way after the robber , but he sense now on definitely con 2 . eli tie another marker to the tree and continue on when once again .... he stop . the tree around he give no sign of what may have catch he attention . he look as confuse as we have see this old coot . then a SOUND ... not a branch , not the wind .... but something like a deep , deep , strain breathing . eli cock he gun , move ahead . as he raise he head over some bush he eye begin to widen like nothing we have ever see before . something amazing go on in front of he make he shake like a little boy . then the SOUND ..._a SMALL animal crying .... eli ( cont 'd ) my god .... this can not be ... we see the walky clutch in he startle hand and then , something move behind he ... ext . river bank - day as the group of robber walk along the river ... gunshot ! a scream ! the group look ahead , suddenly very on edge . luke that do not sound very good . ext . forest # 1 - day Harris and he posse hear the same sound , they gun at the ready . ken the hostage ? ( continued ) 35 . continued : then ... they walky scream to life ... literally ! eli' scream jump from the small device in a rush of static . the lawmen react as once again it go suddenly dead . craig what the hell ? Harris get on the walky . harris eli come in ..... eli .... the other look to he . ext . river bank - day a small man make bridge cross the water to the other side . the group of robber stop . Travis look back up the river shake he head . kayla you do not think that scream be Dustin do you ? travis can not tell . kayla we be walk right towards it . travis yeah . Erin turn to look at luke who be crouch on a rock , keep a eye on the forest , the backpack still on he shoulder . erin I be just hold you back you know . luke I be not have a problem with you . erin you on you way out of here now . let I go back . luke look to she ring . luke get a fiance ' wait for you ? this almost anger she . ( continued ) 36 . continued : erin what I get wait for I be none of you business . she turn from he coldly . Wade stand near the river , he face in a almost glaze over stare . kyle ( v.0 . ) rock , paper , scissors . Wade look up quickly . WADE Kyle ? the other turn to he . travis what ? Wade take a breath , note no one seem to have hear what he do . WADE nothing . Travis look to the ground , note a large hole lead down to the water below . he motion to it . travis Wade , cover this . ext . river bank - day Dustin , dishevel and tired , move to the water where he bend down and begin to slowly rub he hand in the water , watch the dirt and grime flow from he finger tip . he pull they out and begin to caress it over he face , cleanse what filth he can from himself . he let he eye settle on the river bed as the ripple flow away and he face begin to take shape in the reflection . he stare a moment at himself , shake he head . dustin we will never be clean enough . then Dustin take a whiff ... something irritate he nostril . ( continued ) 37 . continued : as he take a sigh , he gaze still on he reflection , the water instantly fill with a new configuration ... one that pass Dustin menacingly . Dustin turn , he gun out . nothing there . he then move on through the river . ext . river bank - day Harris , Ken and Craig show up at the area where the bridge be . Harris lean against the tree , take in some much need breather . Craig hold up the walky . craig we have not see one of eli 's damn marker in a mile and he 's not answer this thing . Harris know this be not good . Craig raise the radio and turn it on again . static ! Ken bend down , check the ground . ken they all cross here . Craig laugh . craig damn Robinson , even I can tell that print be go that way and I be not no injun . Ken move over to Craig . ken Craig , you get anything else in that skull of yours beside stereo type ? craig I get lot in my skull . just say we redneck get as much common sense as you red skin . ken Fine . lead the way . craig with pleasure . ( continued ) 38 . continued : Craig take a couple step and what follow be simultaneous : Craig 's foot step right into the cover over the hole and begin to go in .... just as Ken grab he arm , prevent the inevitable fall . Craig look down , swallow . Ken then let 's he go as he regains he foot and turn to Harris , who be lean a against a tree . Ken move to he and Harris stop he . harris just catch my breath . ( beat ) let 's head down river , we will find a crossing . the trio move quickly down river . ext . roadside - day stanley be on the car radio , look to the sky , anxious . stanley we get ourselves a real situation here freddy ! I be all by myself out here and it 's get late . ext . mountain top - day on a hill top , somewhere else , a cb radio on the ground continue the transmission from stanley . stanley ( 0.s. ) Harris be out there with they . I know , I know . just tell Judy I be sure he will be home for dinner . we pull back to see the back of a man ( chase ) . in he hand , a large knife . he stick it in the log and grab the radio . ext . forest # 2 - day the group of bank thief move through the visibly more confusing area of tree . hard to get a lead on which way you be go . branch cross they face like crooked claw . they reach a small clear , Travis rest he rifle against a tree , he be hit he ear phone . travis damn cell reception . need to get this stop loss in before the market open . ( more ) ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( beat ) travis ( cont 'd ) let 's take a breath here . luke , why do not you pass we little friend 's water around . luke reach into the pack and begin to pull out the water . he scrounge through it . luke you get a sandwich in there or something . erin couple trail bar . luke ( frown ) healthy stuff ? he pull out the tape from raquel , smile . luke ( cont 'd ) porn ? she shake she head at he . ext . forest # 2 - night the three cop move through the wood , strain to see with the SMALL flashlight they have . craig hey Robinson . ken yeah . craig you think you ancestor go to give we a bless or something . you know , from up there in the great big sky . Ken lean closer to he smile comrade . ken Craig , my mother be white . my father be chinese . the only indian I ever know be the one that run the cigar shop on Alvarado and 13th . Ken lean back to get some rest , Craig leave stupify . ( continued ) 40 . continued : craig I ... I always think you be a indian . Harris smile , then .... splat ! he look down , something he have step in . harris what in the world ...? the other look to he foot and see what he be look at . a gooey , wet web mix with what can only be ... blood . craig what be that ? Ken move to it , look it over . his face frown . ken if there be not so much , I would say .... it 's after birth . craig that 's really gross man . ken but this be way too much . harris bear ? ken I guess . but still ... crunch ! they spin , gun ready . craig what be that ? ken do not know .... they move slowly towards the bush , cautious . Harris reach out , grab a branch and pull it back . there seem to be nothing there and then .... eli' body fall out ! craig oh my God ! look at he . Harris move over to eli , look he over , feel the loss of another fall soldier . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) harris sorry old boy . ( beat ) look like he be beat to death . no bullet hole . Harris look up . craig what do that crazy sum bitch do ? harris can not figure . beat he pretty good . Ken move back in . ken nothing 's out there . craig this be not right , this be not right . Ken move over to Harris , check eli out as well , smell the body , pull back . ken strange smell ... craig what be we go to do ? we gota dead body . I mean this be a real dead body ! Harris stand , grasp Craig 's shoulder , he leadership start to show . harris easy . do not focus on he . focus on what we need to do . we will have to leave he here . we head back out and find this people before they can do this again . the three man look to each other , know they be in the fight of they life . 42 . ext . forest # 2 - day the group of thief be take a nervous rest . Wade stand over by a tree , he breathe quick , erratic . almost paranoid . the ghostly voice return . kyle ( v.0 . ) she kill I . Wade shake he head , snap towards Erin . WADE she 's just hold we back Travis . kayla he 's right about that Travis . Dead weight . what do we need she for ? travis look , we need all the bargain chip we can . Wade move towards Erin . WADE if it be not for this stupid bitch we would be in Canada by now . luke , sit on a rock , stick he leg out as Wade pass and trip he . Wade hit the ground , piss . luke watch you step around here . he be up on he foot and charge luke ! the two go fly up against a tree . luke spin out of Wade 's grip and take he down . kayla smile , enjoy the show as the sound of combat echoe in the valley . travis break it up . they do not listen . Travis start to move in on they when .... crash ! a tree , or something , crash into another tree . the branch above shaking . suddenly all be forget as every one go for they gun . the group go silent , listen ... kayla what be that smell ? ( continued ) 43 . continued : snap ! another branch and Wade unload he gun ! bang , bang , bang ! a_ SOUND follow the shoot .... a weird sound . almost a scream ... ext . forest # 2 - day Harris , Ken and Craig all stop . the SOUND of gunfire die in the distance . ken that 's not too far . craig what be they shoot ? a army ? Harris grow concerned . harris let 's hurry . ext . forest # 2 - day Travis move to Wade . travis hold it ! stop fire ! ( beat ) how many damn bullet you shoot there Wade ?! Wade stop , he face register the same as everyone else . kayla what be that ? you hear that noise ? luke well111111 .... let 's go see . kayla poke Erin along as everyone move slowly through the bush . clear a break tree , Travis note something and motion . travis there , on the tree . the other look and see drip from the tree like red sap ... blood . it drip to the ground where we see a trail of it lead into the forest . ( continued ) 44 . continued : a patch of dark hair float through the crimson . WADE that 's a lot of blood . kayla human ? travis ( relax ) Wade ... you hit yourself you first bear , I think ? Wade laugh . WADE get that right . Wade turn back to luke , point at he . WADE ( cont 'd ) do not screw with I again . as the group enjoy they moment of relief , Erin move back slowly in the bush ... and bolt ! ext . forest # 2 - day Erin move through the tree as fast as she leg will carry she . twig snap below she foot , branch slap against she face . her muscle pound into the dirt like a Olympic sprinter and then ... a brown Mass cross in front of she ! she stumble , hit the ground . Erin roll over , she eye darting around where the intruder just be . nothing . her heart beat through she chest . footstep ! she turn ..... luke catch up to she , he gun in hand . luke woah , you run fast for a chick . Erin continue to look the area over , not entirely sure what she see . luke wave the gun . luke ( cont 'd ) you be not go to make I chase you again be you ? ( more ) ( continued ) 45 . continued : cuz , I might krront bhoot you in the foot or something . Erin stand . erin we need to go back . luke sorry ... erin ( forceful ) you do not understand . this be wrong . this whole thing be wrong . can not you feel it ? ( beat ) you guy have make a big mistake . luke ya think ? erin this all funny to you ? what 's wrong with you people . do any of this look like it 's get better and better ? luke just do not do that again so I can get you back safely to you future husband . Erin throw a punch that land on luke 's jaw ! he pull back stunne . erin do not talk about my life ! you have get no right to even mention my life . you do not give a damn about yours , so what do you care about mine ? Erin do not wait for luke as she head past he , back to the other . luke follow and we we pull up to see what they just walk through : footprint ! Big one , and definitely not bear . int . gas station - night raquel move back and forth between the dining room and the kitchen . some great dinner make by hand . ( continued ) 46 . continued : | she be set two place . in the background , the screen door between she and the great outdoors . as she pass it maybe a third time , what be once not there , now be ! a large figure silhouett by the moonlight , something huge in it 's hand . raquel jump ! she then relax . raquel dad ... what be you do out there ? Supper 's ready . the figure open the door and a shaft of light catch chase 's face . on closer look , we see a strong face , handsome . his lip smile but something in he eye be not so happy . raquel pour some wine . raquel ( cont 'd ) make sure and close that screen door , the mosquito be terrible right now . chase near the table , smile . chase smell good . as always . raquel well , I learn a few thing right from Mom and this be one of they . where you be anyway ? chase take a seat , grab a fork . chase be up on the mountain . raquel stop , look to he father and then to the dark shape lay on the porch . raquel why be you out there again daddy ? she move slowly towards the screen door , stare at the large object . chase just checkin for trap . poacher still wander around there . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) raquel daddy .... what be that ? she get to the door and note the body of a large buck lay outside . chase deer. raquel you shoot it ...? chase no. found it out there . it 's neck break . raquel move back to the table . raquel why would you bring it back here ? chase because .... something gut it tore out the inside . just want to look he over , that 's all . raquel sigh . raquel look he over ? ( shake she head ) just take a scientific curiosity ? chase get a bit work up . chase look ... something kill the deer . I just want to make sure it be not some bunch of kid , that 's all . she smile , touch he hand . raquel dad , there be a lot of mysterious to life . some you can explain some you can not . Mom 's death you be just go to have to explain , because the longer you keep it a mystery to yourself , you will never stop look . ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 3 ) chase bite he lip , she have hit a nerve . he delicately touch she back but hold the other force deep inside . int . jackson house - night chase move through the live room , stop by a window . next to he be a bookshelf , a cb radio cackle on the shelf . chase look over he shoulder and realize he 's alone he reach behind a row of book and pull out a small book , and begin flipping through it . then the radio grab he attention .... radio tee this be deputy stanley Vaughn .... we just see the first flare .... still out in the wood . we be position at Grizzly peak ... we need that chopper by morning .... as chase listen , raquel step in from behind , startling he . raquel sorry daddy . chase it 's okay . you can startle you crazy old man anytime . raquel I do not think you crazy daddy . I never do . I just do not like leave the door open in we life for other people to think that way . whatever you see that day , whatever be on that tape , do not matter to I . you put we on the map . you be a good man and it 's not right have everyone we pass in the street lookin at you like you anything but . chase do not matter what anybody think . you all that matter to I . and I promise I will not drag you into anything like that again . she smile , nod . raquel okay , well night daddy . ( continued ) 49 . continued : chase night sweetheart . she step back into the hallway and chase look out the window , he mind racing . he drop the book on the window sill and quickly move off . we finally get a good look at the book and see sasquatch : fiction or fact . the ominous image on the front grab we attention . ext . forest # 2 - day the group push through the tree . Erin and kayla walk side by side . kayla smirk . kayla you know , some of we do not have the luck of be bear or marry into money . so we look for the only other way to get it . erin you think somebody owe you ? kayla ( laugh ) honey , we all think somebody owe we . I can look at you in two minute and tell you think somebosy owe you something . it may not be cash ... but it 's something . Erin break away from she and push up to Travis . erin you have any idea where you go davy crockett ? Travis snort , look she up and down . travis well , I know where I could be send you so maybe just keep the tough girl attitude down to a whisper . luke pee break . Travis stop . ( continued ) 50 . continued : travis alright , let 's take a minute . luke move off . Erin watch he go as he turn back to she and wink . then , something grab she attention . a pebble land near she arm . she look around , try to figure out where it come from . then , it happen again . this time she turn she head behind the tree and see .... Ken ! his finger press to he lip . he beckon she to move away . she take a beat and slowly , casually start to move from the camp . luke stand over the bush , look down and stop in he track . below he , gun aim straight up , be Harris . luke aw hell . harris sshhhhhh ..... travis ( 0.c. ) hurry it up luke , we need to get a move on . harris go ahead ... answer he . luke you bet Sam . Travis look up , suddenly very alert at luke 's response . he look to kayla travis grab the girl . kayla move quickly towards Erin . Erin see this and move towards she backpack , grab it just as kayla near she that 's when the first shot ring out at kayla 's foot she suddenly dive for Erin , both of they hit the ground . Craig rise up shoot towards Wade as the crook dive for he gun . Travis open fire . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) luke drop into a back roll , out of Harris 's immediate sight . harris hey .... Harris be on he foot now , shoot . kayla yank Erin further back into the forest Travis grab the bag of cash . Wade pull back as the area be tear up around he . luke go for he gun over by the tree .... just_ as Ken 's boot come down on it ! luke sigh and relax ... then explode upward , take Ken against a tree ! the gun fall from Ken 's hand and the two man engage in a vicious " street " brawl throw each other around in a frenzy . at one point , Ken as luke pin against a tree and a noise , almost sound like a growl , grab both they attention . they pause a beat , but luke be the first to recover , fight back once again . ext . forest # 3 - night Harris move through the wood , he breathe heavy . he charge ahead , focus . ext . forest # 2 - night luke and Ken continue to fight when Craig appear , he gun draw . craig freeze right there or I will shoot you dead ! the two dog , water now throw on they , pull away . Ken move to he gun and grab luke 's as well . ken hold he here Craig . I be go to go help Harris . get that signal flare off ! Ken be off at a gallop . 52 . ext . forest # 3 - night Travis , kayla , Wade and Erin move quickly through the wood . Erin suddenly make a break ... run through the wood . kayla move after she . travis let she go . kayla Hell no . ext . forest # 3 - night luke sit on the ground , Craig hold he rifle on he . the officer fumble for he flare gun at the same time . luke hey you get a smoke ? craig oh yeah ... I get a smoke for ya . ( he pull out the flare ) this be the last smoke you will ever have . you come to the wrong damn town to rob the wrong damn bank and shoot at the wrong damn law . luke that 's a lot of damn . Craig hold the flare above he head , cocky . craig damn straight . as he twitches to set the flare off .... wham ! the world explode !! what can only be describe as some huge brown Mass plow through luke , send he literally fly into the tree ! his body hit the branch , tangle upside down . Craig 's scream rip through the air as blood fly across luke 's face . luke eye flutter open , catch a fleeting invert image that paralyze he : a_ brown hairy mass seem to tear the cop 's body in two ! then the world turn black . 53 . ext . forest # 3 - night kayla move on Erin and dive for she at a run . the two go down . Erin do she best to take kayla out , but the robber be a over match . kayla rain a couple punch down on she and put she into a choke , slowly close down on she wind pipe . kayla I always hate that well to do snob that think life be go to always be there just for they . well , guess what ? no one owe you nothing ! Erin throw she head back , knock kayla from she neck Erin rub she throat , stare at the daze kayla , she eye burn . erin you do not even know I bitch ! click ! a new sound . travis ( 0.s. ) okay , okay . enough of this hostility . they turn to see Travis and Wade , gun in they hand , now stand behind kayla . before Erin can stand , she be suddenly sweep off she foot by something ..... Ken ! the cop tackle she into the bush !! before the three can register what be go on ... harris ( 0.c . ) Drop the weapon ! Travis and the other turn , Harris stand off to the side , he rifle train on the robber . the older officer be breathe heavy . harris ( cont 'd ) enough be enough . let 's just put that down and we will all walk out of here . Travis clutches the money tightly , not about to run yet . Ken pop up with he gun . ( continued ) 54 . continued : as the group of robber face off across the field from they would be captor , a_strange out of focus shape begin to materialize behind they . travis you boy be out of you league . ken and you be out of you element . WADE you be all out of you head . Erin peer through the bush and note the new form move behind they . Ken now have begin to take notice of the dark figure and he eye widen . ken what .... be that behind you ? Travis smirk . travis be you kid I ? then the loud breathing .... it grab the attention of kayla who turn slowly , she eye finally rest on what stand behind they . kayla oh my ..... the other turn and the darkness come to life . the giant simian face of sasquatch roar it's introduction ! shroud in the dark , the eight foot tall creature be still a ominous sight . and then it charge .... as the beast close in on they , Travis finally aim and fire as the three of they move out into the field . Ken grab Erin and turn to Harris . ken move ! the man move down the hill , the trio of robber not far behind they . Harris turn and fire as the dark beast move from the dense tree . there be a roar and then the monster be go . 55 . ext . forest # 3 - night the group move quickly down a hill , barely steal glance behind they out of fear of what they might see . they move through the forest as fast as they can , steal quick glance back occasionally as the sound of tree snap continue behind they . Erin turn and see : a wood cabin , old , un -care for . she quickly turn and head towards it erin come on . the group push quickly towards it . int . cabin - day the group blast through the front door , seek solace in between it 's flimsy wall . Wade slam the door shut WADE what be go on ?! what the hell be that ? ken check the window . they all move to the window . travis anything ? kayla I do not see anything . a moment of pause and then they current situation come back into play . Travis spin he weapon at the cop . travis okay , drop they ! Harris and Ken be quick with they own draw . the mexican stand off . harris do not do this . put ‘em down . ( continued ) continued : 56 . travis no cowboy ... I ask first . WADE you guy drop they or I swear I will start shoot . I really do not care . I will start shoot . harris easy now son , just stay cool . travis calm down wade. ( to Harris ) now look , this be go to get we nowhere . harris that 's the right attitude . kayla we be not put we gun down Travis . not now , no way . ken Lady , please just relax and surrender you arm . travis ( agitate , scared ) not happen ! I just see the biggest , freakiest animal I have ever see and whatever it be , it 's really piss off . kayla ( feel the strain ) what the hell be that ? ken look , we can help with this . WADE oh yeah ? you go to go talk to it for we ? Erin , still press against the wall , look out the window in the kitchen . something large move quickly through the bush ! ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 2 ) she walk towards the window , crossing behind Harris in the line of fire . everyone slowly turn to she , almost read she thought . erin it 's out there . crash ! a rock barrel throw the window , fly past Erin 's head , destroy a stack of shelve . Wade fire out the window ! Harris throw he hand up . harris hold it ! hold it ! the shoot stop . everyone remain quiet , wait for what be to follow . kayla what be out there !!?? Wade look to ken. WADE well ? go on , talk to it . Travis , take the moment and seize he opportunity : he spin he sight on Erin . travis okay folk , time to settle this right now . I do not shoot the nice lady and we can all make it out of here okay . Wade and kayla do the same , all three weapon train on a single target . Harris and Ken look to each other . ext . forest # 2 - day luke hang upside down from the tree branch . blood stream down he face , he eye shut . the crackling of twig bring he slowly back to he painful life . his eye look around , blurry as the muzzle of a shotgun poke he in the face . chase lean he head in . chase well , you be still alive . ( continued ) 58 . continued : luke help ... help I . chase sure . chase grab he shirt and yank he down ... hard . ext . forest # 2 - moment later luke look across at chase who sit on a rock , he shotgun across he lap , the barrel still point at luke . the blood run down luke 's hand . luke how would you find I ? chase not too many gigolos out here . ( beat ) what be you do hang around in that tree ? luke become more alert as it all start to come back to he . luke look , whatever the hell that thing be it 's still out here . chase tighten . chase thing ? luke yeah . I do not know what it be . a weird gorilla . this grab the older man 's attention . chase ( look for some reaffirming ) weird gorilla ? luke ( mumble ) think gorilla be only in Russia or someplace . chase you sure it be not a bear ? ( continued ) 59 . continued : luke I do not know bear that well ... but it do not look like one . I mean it hit I like a damn truck . ( lift he hand ) I think it bit I . ( concern ) I be not go to turn into one of they be I ? chase 's face grow alive as he look the area over . chase that 's a werewolf . ( beat , excited ) where be it ? how big ? luke stand , try to get he bearing , point . luke over there somewhere . chase prod he . chase let 's go . luke move forward , staggering . chase ( cont 'd ) hurry up . luke hey ... I just get my ass kick , give I a break . chase forcefully stick he rifle into luke 's gut . chase you lucky I do not take you out right now ! you kill a police officer and I would have every right to gun you miserable self down . have himself a family . luke look as if this may effect he ... just a bit . luke I try to knock he out . chase stop here . ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) luke stop as chase scan the area , bend down to check the track and the blood . his face light up . chase ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) I know it . I always know it . ( beat ) but what be you do ? luke what do you say ? chase look back to luke . chase you stumble on to this thing feed or something ? threaten it ? luke threaten it ? let I tell you something , there be nothing that could make I threaten that thing . chase nod , he face show it all . chase tell I where you friend be head . int . cabin - night we move with Ken across the quiet live room until we see Erin and Harris seat on the couch , gun -less . he join they . Travis be seat at the fireplace , the warm glow lighting the room . kayla watch the window . travis so .... can one of you two fine gentleman tell I what the hell be out there ? everyone in the room be quiet . maybe unsure ... maybe too afraid to speculate . travis ( cont 'd ) some help you all be . well , it 's nothing that can not be cure with enough bullet . ( continued ) continued : 61 . WADE we be go back out there ? kayla we be go to have to sometime . no piss off bear be go to stand between I and my money . harris seem nothing stand between you all and you money . some people have strange loyalty . Travis note this key word . travis meaning ? harris just what it be son . life be all about loyalty . question will always be , where do you place yours ? Travis smile at the older man . travis you be a pretty smart ol ' guy , be not you ? a lot go on upstairs in that head of yours . harris ai not no more in here than in yours partner . I have just be make the right choice . Travis be lock into this guy now , something between they . travis whose the one stare down the barrel of the gun ? harris be that you criterion for the right choice ? Travis stand , uncomfortable . travis we be go to need you two to get we safe and sound to the canadian border . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) now it 's Harris ' turn to laugh . WADE what 's so funny ? harris you lookin for Canada , huh ? well , I would say you be a hell of a lot closer to it this morning . but somewhere a long the way , you start walkin back to we fine little village . kayla what ? a circle ? travis how much ? ken well , take we about ninety minute at a slight jog to be back in town . bump ! something upstairs ! everyone shift they focus . Travis motion to he two partner . the group pull back from the stairwell , they gun train on it in grasp in they shaky finger . Harris , Ken and Erin eyeball the stairwell . ken ( cont 'd ) give we a gun . travis shhh . something move down the stair .... approach cautiously . everyone 's eye train on it when ... luke step out ! luke hey ... thanks for leave I back there . travis damn boy . as they lower there gun slightly .... chase appear , push luke into the center of the room , he gun pop back and forth between the crook . chase Drop the gun . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 3 ) WADE put it down now ! chase Drop ‘em . travis we just go through this partner and I be not about to again . you want to get out of here alive , be smart . luke look to Erin , wink . luke hey . she shake she head , but be probably still glad to see he . chase I be the only chance you have of get out of here alive . travis how you figure that farmer Fred ? this realization be almost hard for chase to say after all this year . chase because ... I think I know .. what 's out there . travis oh yeah ? what 's you guess ? yeti ? luke the yeti be actually the abominable snowman , it life in the himalayas . in tibet it mean " little man- like animal " . ( everyone look at he , luke shrug ) this guy be a encyclopedia on all that stuff . Travis turn back to chase , all eye now on he , maybe buy he do have the answer . ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 4 ) chase what you have out there right now be something very powerful , very smart and for some reason he seem to want you all dead . travis how do you figure ? chase because he 's be follow you a good four mile and it look to be a bit more than curiosity . Travis fidget with this , find for once they must be up against a wall . travis so you try to tell I you can get we safely out of here ? chase laugh at the absurdity . chase I just say I be the only chance you get . WADE Travis , we can not shoot that son of a bitch if we do not have gun . chase and you can not shoot if you do not have arm . wham ! a loud metallic bang outside . erin what 's that noise ? luke at this point it could be a great white shark ... wham ! this sound more deliberate . and then ... wham ! the light go out ! the generator hum quickly die out . Ken move to the window and peer out . 65 . ext . cabin - night Ken press he face close to the glass to see what 's out there . a huge form move by frame ! Ken fall back , startle . int . cabin - night travis what 's go on out there ? glare at he . erin well , since there be no monster out there I guess nothing could have take out the generator . kayla what ? it can not be that thing , can it ? I mean , it do not have a brain . ( turn to chase ) do it ? ken get a better idea ? slam ! something heavy and hard hit the front porch . everyone spin to the door . wham ! again the noise . Wade grab he face , look like he 's lose it . wham ! luke jump up and move over to Travis , take he sidearm from he belt . Travis look at he . travis you want to check that out ? luke ( sarcastic ) I be just die to . they move towards the door together .... slowly . Wade and kayla aim they gun as steady as they can . luke grab for the handle and stop , whisper to Travis . luke ( cont 'd ) let I ask you ..... why be we even open this door ? ( continued ) 66 . continued : Travis just give he that glare and luke shrug , turn the handle . the door creak open , everyone tense . the air outside be cold and still and very , very dark .... luke peer outside , he gun ready . nothing . all be quiet . he close the door slowly ... luke ( cont 'd ) nothing . then it happen ! eli 's body fly through the open door knock luke to the ground . Wade fire at they ! WADE come on Kyle ! let 's take he out !!! travis stop ! Travis slam the door , back up . luke pull out from under the body and charge on Wade . luke Wade you idiot ! Wade stick he gun on luke . WADE I do not know what it be ! kayla try not to come unwound . kayla who be that old man ! chase appear to be at a loss as everyone else . Erin look to the corner of the room , she back pack sit unguard . she move to it quickly , flip it open and pull out from a small zipper inside .... a gun ! she charge up to Travis in the commotion and stick the gun in he ear . erin I start shoot in three ... ( cock gun ) two .... ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) travis okay ! he drop he . kayla stare at she a moment and then finally drop hers . luke snatch wade from he hand as well . Erin look at luke . erin you too lover boy . a moment of stunne silence and he toss he gun . Harris and Ken go for the gun when Erin ... erin ( cont 'd ) hold it . they stop , try to get this figure out . travis well , look like we damsel in distress have a dark side . chase you okay there little darling ? Erin be shaking . rage , nerve ... but shaking . erin oh I be just fine . I be real fine now . and why be I fine you ask ? trapped in a cabin with a bunch of bank thief with gun and some angry rock throw monster ? she grab hold of she quickly tensing finger . travis easy darlin ' .... Erin look at Ken and Harris . erin that 's easy . because if you spend you life do everything to please someone else , eat the way they want , live the way they want ... even marrying the way they want . you can feel pretty ... dead . she begin to flick the ring again on she finger , dangerously close to the trigger . luke move slowly towards she ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 3 ) erin ( cont 'd ) so , I go from one man who my whole life would never show he care to nearly marrying another who care too much . and for once in my life I just do something for myself and just leave . and look where I find myself ? ( beat ) and the funny thing be , that 's what make I feel fine . if thing can go from that bad to this worse ... then by all mean they get to be able to get a whole fuckin lot better . Erin look the group over closely , come back to reality . erin ( cont 'd ) so ... you want to know what I think ? if even one of you want to try and get out of here and start you damn life over again right ... then quit point this thing at each other and start back each other up ! Erin toss luke the gun . erin ( cont 'd ) here 's you chance lover boy . take this thing and use it right . for once . luke slowly , almost apprehensively , take the gun .... he turn to everyone , take a breath . there be a tacit consensus in the room as every one reach for the gun and slowly pick they up . no one point they at each other this time , they just go back to check the window and door . Erin sit by the fire place , stare into the flame . ext . cabin - night the rear door to the cabin open slowly .... Harris stick he head out , look around , SMALL flashlight in he hand . harris can not see nothing . ( continued ) 69 . continued : Travis and chase step into the door frame cautiously , look outside as well . travis " can not see nothing " ? do that comfort you ? harris Son , at my age I be comfort know I be still stand here talk to somebody . travis so , '' at you age " can you still fix that generator ? Harris shoot he a glance , offer out he hand . harris Age before beauty . Travis smirk and move out , Harris follow behind . chase press himself up against the door , rifle ready . Harris and Travis move over to the SMALL generator along side of the wall . a cable have be break off , the dent and scratch on the generator very apparent . they rotate the flashlight to the side where a large rock sit . travis how do it know ? Harris look back to chase who have the same worried look on he face . the sheriff bend down for a closer look at the damage . harris look pretty clean . I think I can reattach it . he fumble around with the cable as both chase and Harris scan the area closely , nervously . everything seem to move . the tree . the bush . the night itself . travis hurry up pop , it 's start to feel funny out here . Harris finally reattach the cable , reach around to a switch and it hit it . whoomp ! the generator hum to life . 70 . int . cabin - night kayla and luke look around the room as the light come back on . ext . cabin - night Travis smile . travis Nice work . and as he light from the cabin slowly illuminate the tree behind Travis we see the blurry but distinct image of the giant watch they ! chase see it first , he face in a momentary state of shock and awe . then , he be back on reflex . chase move it !! he shoulder he rifle and fire , tear up the bush as it roar in anger . Travis and Harris quickly stumble back to the door as the thing charge ! int . cabin - night the three man move in the door as quick as they can as the violently move shape descend on they . they slam the door just in time ... back down the hall , they gun train on the door . nothing . quiet once again . the pound and roaring never come . the three drop to the ground , exhaust as the other file in the shadow of the background , silently watch . int . cabin - night Ken and Wade stand near each other , look out into the darkness . occasionally , they steal glance at one another WADE so what be we go to do ? just mope around here like a bunch of sit duck ? ken sitting duck ? that 's like a thirty gangster term be not it ? Wade casually wave the gun towards Ken . ( continued ) continued : 71 . WADE be careful Mr. mountie . when the shoot start again you do not want to get catch in front of a stray bullet . luke move from the kitchen look to Ken . luke move luke hey . ken hey what ? luke you scrap pretty good . ( turn to Wade ) guy hit pretty hard . WADE well , not hard enough apparently . luke thanks . that 's real nice . off , spot Erin by the fire . Ken look to Wade and the two exchange a quick uncomfortable glance . int . cabin Erin play - night with the videotape in she hand . a old tv near by . luke stand over Erin , stand near she . kayla roll she eye at he . he catch this , turn to Erin . luke sound like you have have a pretty crappy day . she do not answer . luke ( cont 'd ) hey , you make a move . you say screw what everyone else think , I be do this for I . that 's good . she look to he , ( continued ) 72 . continued : erin oh this come from the womanize bank robber . well , thanks for the moral booster , but somehow it lack a bit of credibility . this sting luke , but he hide it as well as he can . luke what ? like I can not have moral ? erin you just can not see it can you ? go look in the mirror luke . but look real hard , past the smile and green eye . look at the heart ... if you can . luke try to find he posture - of - cool again while face this onslaught of truth . luke I be past all this okay . you do not want my friendly pick I up , that 's fine . he move away , drop into the couch , look to kayla smile . kayla shot down .... luke reach for a pack of something on the table . pull out a food substance and start to chew it , react and look to chase in the corner . luke what be this stuff ? chase freeze dry jerky . luke ( take another bite ) I really want to get out of here . Ken look at he , laugh . luke ( cont 'd ) you know , sometimes life sneak up on you . ( more ) ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 2 ' vba ) think joke go rd grow up and be a rock star and find that life have just cornere you in some alley and the only way out be to fight . Ken shake he head . ken do you just not realize what you do hurt people ? chase grab a ash tray and throw it at luke , who reflexively grab it . he look stunne at chase . chase he know when something be go to hurt , just like the rest of we . he know what to do to stop it too . just like the rest of you . ( beat ) Priscilla back at the cafe cover for you sorry butt boy . I know that girl . she do that cause you make she feel important , do not you hot shot ? Said something to make she feel like you be go come back and make she a princess . but you do not give a damn , do you ? and you do it anyway . luke look to Erin , feel naked . luke you know what mountain man , I think that 's enough of you mouth tonight . luke get to he foot , Ken take aim . luke ( cont 'd ) I do not owe you a explanation ! chase motion to Ken it 's okay . chase no ... you do not owe anyone anything , do you ? but at least right now ... you be not fool no one either . luke look once more to Erin , he shield down . 74 . int . cabin kitchen - night chase take a seat at the kitchen table , try to peak out into the night . Harris join he at the table . there may be some estrangement here . chase I be sorry about you officer . he seem like a good kid . harris he be . Harris fidget a bit , but remain focus . harris ( cont 'd ) I just .... well , I want to say , consider this circumstance ..... all this year ... people in town not understanding ... not ... chase you do not have to apologize for no one sheriff . harris well , okay . I will apologize for myself then . I always figure whatever it be out there that night you lose Sara ... it be not ... I also know I have a lot to say about you not be a part of my department . it 's just ... just I chase stand . it 's uncomfortable , but he can also understand . chase no hard feeling Harris . what be you go to do . I have to pull over some guy speed through town , he look up at I and say with a snicker : " hey officer , be not you the guy that film bigfoot ? I see you on tv . " ( beat , have hear it before ) you can not have someone wear that badge that make a name for himself talk about a big ape . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . continued : the crazy ferre gant ibbt he wife and have a breakdown ... Harris look to he , place a hand on he shoulder . harris I hate to say it but I wish I could say you be crazy at this point . ( beat , look outside ) but you not . then , to both of they surprise , the voice of SARA laugh begin to drift from out of the live room ... SARA ( 0.s. ) grumpy husband ... that 's what you be . grumpy , stubborn , want to do thing he way , full of pride . chase move from the table as if in a dream , towards the live room . int . cabin - night as chase round the corner , he note the tv on , the haunt image of himself and he wife on the screen and the group in the live room watch closely , rivete . the tape in the vcr . SARA but you know what ... you also believe in the best in life like no one I have ever know . no matter how bad time get , no matter how hard you want to resist .. you always find a way to come shine through . chase stop , she word return to he once again for the first time in who know how many year . and then the large image cross the screen and pull everyone at_a_new attention . chase grab a remote on the table and hit the pause . the creature 's misshapen form freeze on the screen . he place the remote back down , look to the other . luke what be this thing ? you be old friend with it . chase look to the window , shaking he head . ( continued ) 76 . continued : chase bigfoot . Sasquatch . the Mountain Devil . get itself a lot of name . but kid , outside of that , everything I think I know ... be wrong . the captive audience do not move a inch . kayla well , I do not know about the rest of you killjoy , but I get a bladder that 's be yell at I for a hour now . ( to Erin ) come on GI Jane , let 's go powder ourselves . Erin stand , a bit unsure but follow she down the hall . luke stand , move to the window . luke I think this Sasquatch guy eat berry and crap . int . cabin bathroom - night Erin lean against the bathroom door . kayla be pull up she pants , the scar run up and down she beautiful leg . kayla note Erin be stare . kayla admire my beautiful leg ? see , I do not keep photo of my ex boyfriend all fold up in my purse . this be all the reminder I get . she button they up and move to the sink to wash she hand , look at Erin 's reflection in the mirror . kayla ( cont 'd ) that 's right . we all get we scar . some of we just wear they on the inside . cover they up better with a nice car , a interesting life or a pair of big tit . kayla move close to Erin , look at she a beat . ( continued ) 77 . continued : kayla ( cont 'd ) some of we can not hide they . some of we have to carry they around for the whole world to see . kayla move out the door . int . cabin hallway - night kayla and Erin move down the narrow hallway . as they pass a door .... thump ! something on the other side . the two woman stop , look towards it . Erin ready she gun . nothing more . kayla look to Erin and reach for the handle . erin easy . she turn it slowly and the door creak open ... Pov the two look into the room , it 's darkness hardly invite . int . cabin - night the other in the live room align themselves to see down the hall . chase move closer . Wade stand near the front door . chase what be it ? kayla do not know old timer ... probably nothing . as chase move closer , that in the live room stand stark still . Wade stand by the front door , smell the air . WADE there 's that stink ag .... boom ! the front door explode forward and Hell follow with at ! the beast burst into the live room , ramming Wade against the far wall . everyone jump , completely catch off guard . this thing be more vicious than any of we have even imagine . ( continued ) 78 . continued : , ; ; Wade begin scream in the creature arm as it pound he against the light . chase , Harris , and Ken all try and get a sight on it , but the man in he arm make it near impossible . travis shoot it ! WADE help ! !!! harris wait will he drop he ! int . cabin hallway - night as Erin bolt for the live room , kayla take she chance and fly through the room and out the window . int . cabin - night Harris try to get a shot and then ... harris damn it to hell ... he shoot the creature in the leg . it roar and spin Wade smack into Travis who fly across the room . it 's eye on fire it move towards Travis . Harris see this and rush to Travis , grab he , drag he out the front door harris ( cont 'd ) everyone out now ! luke spot the cash on the counter and move for it . Erin pop in the room see he grab it . he turn to she , a beat , then . luke come on . she run towards luke as the rest of they move outside quickly , the beast swatting at they and then return to the kick and scream wade . ext . cabin - night the group be outside , turn back to the nightmare inside the house . Ken look to Harris . ( continued ) 79 . continued : ken we can not let he ... Harris be already move back to the door . harris stay there . as Harris move to the door , gun raise , the SOUND of scream and destruction suddenly halt . the silence be deafen . all look towards the dark house stare back at they . Ken reach over and grab the cash bag from luke 's hand . footstep in the tree ! they all swing to look and see kayla move as fast as she can through the dark . wham ! the creature charge the front door ! all the gun open fire ! tearing the front of the cabin up as the beast roar back inside . chase hold it . hold it . the gun fire stop , the SOUND of footstep tearing through the house . a glass break . instinctively all look around the side of the house . luke dude , I think he 's back outside . snap ! a noise in the cabin again , gun train to the door instantly . and then ... Wade stumble out ! a bloody mess . he collapse to the porch , dead as they get awho00000000000000000 ! a howl that chill everyone 's blood , off in the distance . but not far enough . Harris turn to Travis , toss he a gun . harris let 's go . the group start at a run , the same direction kayla vanish in . 80. ext . forest # 3 - night the anxious group plow through the darkness , the moonlight they only guide . they heart carry they leg faster and further than they be use to . Harris ' breathes deeply , he gasp painful . ext . forest # 3 - night kayla move quickly through the tree , not sure where she be go and not caring . instinct on auto drive . as she pound through the mud and earth , the sound of crash tree grab she attention . she stop , wait , listen . the SOUND again . her breathe speed up , the sound too close . kayla turn to a tree and frantically begin to climb . her arm grasp for any branch . we grit we own tooth watch she climb . then beneath she , Sasquatch appear ! ext . forest # 3 - night the group stop , kayla' scream off in the distance . erin which way ? they all look around , tense . ext . tree - night kayla struggle up the tree . the Sasquatch begin to ram it 's massive body against the tree ! kayla aim she gun un steadily at the monster and fire off several shot to no avail . and then the gun finally click ! ext . forest # 3 - night as they stand by , listen hopelessly , luke raise he shot gun and fire off a blast in the air . the other turn to he , get the idea and also fire shot off into the air . ext . tree - night the Sasquatch turn for a moment , the shot grab he attention . kayla make some distance ... but not enough . she have hit the top of the tree ! she turn back to see the Sasquatch now once again focus on she . kayla 's face grow 's defiant as she spit at the beast . ( continued ) 81 . continued : kayla you do not get the pleasure you ass ! and kayla dive from the tree ! ext . forest # 3 - night the group be now suddenly aware of the quiet . the scream and growl no more . Harris , he face in immediate pain , clutches he chest as he collapse to the ground . Ken turn to he . ken sheriff ! the young cop move to he , grab he . ken ( cont 'd ) sheriff . take a breath . come on . Travis watch closely , shake he head . something about this sight , he know . travis breathe be not go to help he . Ken snap . ken shut up you ass ! what do you care ! and then , in a agonizing moment , Harris go limp , he breath pass he lip in a final wheeze . Ken place he head to the older man 's chest . he then begin to press hard on he chest , over and over . the other watch , feel the helplessness . Travis take a deep breath and toss he gun to chase , move towards Harris . as he approach Ken , the young cop grow defensive , like a lioness over she dead cub . ken ( cont 'd ) back off ! travis cool you heel gomer . let I in . ( beat , firmer ) come on ! ( continued ) 82 . continued : Ken pull back , sense that it may be the best thing as Travis move over the fall sheriff . Travis crack he finger . what take place over the follow dialogue be the difficult and desperate cpr tactic for a heart attack . it 's hard to tell if the tension in he voice be from he action or he memory . travis ( cont 'd ) I be thirteen year old and my old man could drink a irish man blind . drag I to more beer buddy drinkin contest than I can remember . but one night , he push he limit . I new that bastard have let he ego get the best of he . we be walkin down the dock , chesapeake Bay , I see he take this big gulp of air , thinkin maybe he be try to get some fresh sea salt in he lung . then he fall flat on he face . I turn he big bloat belly over and begin beat on he chest like a drum ... over and over ... screamin and cryin . try to get that rusted heart of he go . I say " come on you old heart . beat you son of a bitch ! " then , Harris ' eye open ! his breath snap back into he lung as he sit up . Travis fall back , exhaust from the effort as Ken move to Harris . ken Harris ! thank God ... all eye turn back to Travis who slowly rise as if he never once break from he story , lose in think . travis .. but , that old boy 's heart never do start beat again . ( beat ) Dumb bastard . Travis move over to get he gun back from chase , who hand it back gladly . ext . forest clearing - night the group come to a open in the tree , a stretch of open field ahead of they . ( continued ) 83 . continued : chase this clear up ahead , it 's another half mile and we be at the edge of town . they continue to look behind they , nervously . Erin look back to see luke write something on a envelope and stick it into he pocket . she frown , know there be cash inside of it from the bag . she move over to he . erin still have you mind on " priority " huh ? luke what be you talk about ? Erin realize as she speak ... erin you know , it 's really not hard to change if you want to . it 's only hard when you really do not give a damn . she move off , leave luke alone once again . Ken be walk with Harris , stick close . he turn to look behind he , see the dark length of forest they have manage to clear . but he seem to be look further than that . Harris move ahead , up to Travis . the two man look to each other , nodd . harris thank you . travis sure. ( beat , smile ) just do not tell any of my friend . that 's when it happen : sasquatch vault from the tree and blast into Travis , he gun fly from he hand . chase be knock to the ground . luke and Ken charge up fire they weapon into the monster 's back . it flinch , but be so far go in it 's primal rage , they do not slow he down at all . ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) click . click . they gun empty . the beast turn a menace face to they that would freeze the most harden man . it raise it 's arm in what can only be take as some sort of primitive warning . Travis groan at it 's foot , crawl towards the nearby tree , where he gun lie . he grab it , just as the thing turn to he . and then .... we hear the cell phone ring ! both Travis and Sasquatch react . travis ( cont 'd ) hello ? Charlie ? the Sasquatch move to Travis , whose face now register the inevitable , smile . travis ( cont 'd ) ah what the hell Charlie . sell it all .... then the giant grab Travis and sling he into a tree ! Ken 's gun empty , grab for he knife , and in a sudden impulsive moment , charge the beast , jump on it 's back . luke hey ! the thing thrashes around try to throw the human parasite off of he . harris Ken ! luke go for a log and then ... chase forget it ! you two cut back through the tree . keep run and do not stop . luke pause a moment as chase pull Harris with he through the tree , back into the forest . he fire off a shot at the beast as it begin to pummel both Ken and Travis . the beast turn to chase as luke and Erin slip away in another direction . it turn to they , fang glistening . boom ! chase fire another shot and Sasquatch turn back to the older man , move towards they . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 3 ) luke and Erin slip further into the bush at a run . ext . road - night Erin and luke tear through the wood , they heart racing as fast as they foot . they approach a dark clear , the tree open up . bam ! bam ! the sound of gun fire stop they . they both listen , the loud voice and growl in the distance . chase ( 0.c. ) hah ! come on !! bam ! then it 's quiet . cricket . the wind . whoomp ! a truck drive by they ! it 's huge carcass of metal pass by at seventy mile per hour . the two jump . they look to the ground and see the cement . they be on a road ! they turn to the truck , yell . but it continue down the road , the light slowly dissolve into the dark and then it 's go . erin damn it . and then the two look to each other , realize the cricket be no longer chirp . they turn to the wood , the low breathing suddenly audible . the hot steam become clear in the tree . they step back slowly , watch . luke turn to look at Erin , catch the look on she face . we see the change in he eye . luke ( whisper ) it would have be nice . she turn to he . erin what ? luke just start run and do not stop . ( continued ) 86 . continued : she look at he , maybe see the change in he face . luke grab a stick on the ground , snap back to she . luke ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) just go ! she do , she foot carry she down the road . luke turn to the dark form take shape in the tree and charge . luke ( cont 'd ) come on big boy . he charge into the darkness . Erin turn and see as the arm reach out from the blackness and carry luke up into the air ! she stop . erin luke ! slam ! like a car hit you at 50 mph hour , the SOUND of luke 's breath leave he body in a explosion . the SOUND of flesh hitting bark , over and over . it be hard to tell where the crunching noise be come from . Erin be unable to leave he behind . erin ( cont 'd ) hey ! stop ! I be here !! luke 's limp body sail out of the tree onto the cement . Erin begin to move to he when .... the giant step forward onto the road ! he move over to luke , reach down and touch he . luke groan but offer no resistance . then , the Sasquatch turn to Erin and begin move slowly towards she . chase ( 0.c. ) Erin ! she turn , surprised to see chase and Harris limp they way from the tree . chase 's gun now train on the simian . they move to she as it close in on they agonizingly slow . chase 's rifle remain focus on he . chase ( cont 'd ) well , come on then ! ( continued ) 87 . continued : ( 2 ) but then , something begin to happen ... the creature begin to slow , move at a exhaust walk . his head begin to drop , he once vicious snarl slowly replace by a soften face . that_is when we notice the trail of blood he be leave behind . his wound from the battle leave they mark on the cold cement . as the three step back , the giant then turn slowly toward the tree-line and drop to he knee , still try to move forward . he no longer seem to want to get they , he just want to move ... somewhere . it crumple to the ground , a sigh of breath escape from it 's collapse lung . it 's long arm reach for the tree as if to touch they one more time . the three watch as the giant lose it 's battle to life . Erin move over to luke , cradling he . and then with one final groan .... the Sasquatch die . the two man move towards it cautiously . luke look up to Erin , blood come from he mouth . luke that .... that ... be intense .... she nod , stroking he hair lightly . then ... another noise catch all they attention ... in the forest . chase raise he rifle as the tree part ... another sasquatch ! Harris , chase and Erin freeze . this one a female , lighter in color . the face of the new comer turn to they , it 's expression a calm that we have not yet see on one of this animal . after a beat , she pull she gaze from the smaller invader and move over to the fall one . she smell he , twice , and then let out a noise that could only be a sigh of pain . she know she mate be dead . she then grab the fall body and slowly begin to drag she mate back to they green world . ( continued ) 88 . continued : ( 3 ) at the tree , it stop one final moment , the dead creature cradle in it 's arm and turn to chase . chase return the look to this new one , and we now feel that we may have be somewhere like this once before , a long time ago . and that 's when we notice the baby sasquatch on she shoulder it 's small newborn arm wrap around she neck , grasp she fur tightly . it 's matte hair , still wet from it 's recent birth . chase lower he rifle , Harris lower he head and Erin hold back what may be a tear as they all come to realize who have be the real invader here . with one final breath , mother and child step back with the fall father and disappear into the darkness of the timber . luke 's eye return to Erin . luke ( cont 'd ) reach ... reach in my ... pocket . she reach in , careful as he flinch from the pain . she pull out the large bill fold of cash in the envelope . luke ( cont 'd ) I make a lot of promise ... for once , I want one to be more than just a promise . Erin nod , know what he mean . erin I guess even a guy like you have something good go on in that heart of yours . he smile , faintly . luke even a break watch .... be right twice a day .... she smile , then turn , see chase and Harris watch they . Harris sigh , look up as if he do not see a thing . Erin look back to luke who be now obviously ... go . Harris reach for he walky , place it to he mouth . ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 4 ) harris stanley ? you there ? over . a beat ... and then a very excited stanley pop on the walky . stanley ( 0.s. ) Holy moley sheriff ! be that you ?? harris yeah , it 's I . stanley ( 0.s. ) uh.. sorry for the language but it 's good to hear from you sir . where be you ? over . harris not sure son , but it 's a heck of a lot better than where I be before . ext . roadside - day stanley 's truck and chase 's tow truck sit off the side of the road . Harris , Erin and stanley carefully place luke 's coat cover body into the back . off to the side , chase with he arm wrap over raquel 's shoulder , stare out into the forest . stanley ( be : luke ) that one of the bad guy ? Harris look to the body and then turn back to he deputy , hand he the bag of money . harris no . that 's one of the good guy . raquel look to she father . raquel what happen out there ? chase take a beat , think . he hug she tighter chase I get a lot of make up to do with you . he pull she across the street as they move towards the other . stanley turn ( continued ) 90 . continued : stanley what ... well , what happen ? be ..was it a bear or something . Harris look to chase who watch amused , for once on the other side of the fence . harris yeah ... a bear or something . stanley damn . the young cop move off as Harris shoot a final look to chase . chase join the club sheriff . chase and he daughter move off towards they truck . Harris turn back to see Erin who stand at the far end of the street . Erin look down to see the envelope in she hand . a smile touch she lip as she reach down and pull the ring from she finger . erin someday . someday when I want to . and then she haul the ring off into the distant sky . with a sigh she look to the beautiful horizon ahead of she . ext . diner - day the sun bathes the mountain side with fresh new warmth . in front of the diner from the open scene be Priscilla sweeping the porch , the routine she have do most of she life . a rental car pull up into the lot , stop shy of the front . we follow the female legs as they move towards the hard work waitress . Priscilla turn to see Erin approach . erin hi . ( continued ) g 1 . continued : priscilla hi there . erin be you Priscilla ? priscilla that 's I . Erin reach into she purse and pull out the envelope . erin I have something for you . priscilla for I ? what be it ? Erin hand it to she . erin a whole lot of hope . ( beat ) do not ever let it go . Erin move back to the car as Priscilla look to the envelope and read the note from luke on it : enjoy the ride to you future - luke she open the envelope and see the huge wad of cash . her jaw drop as she sit on the porch , stunne . she look up to see Erin 's rental car pull away down the dirt road . the dust swallow the car in a cloud and we hear a strange sound that may be the distant screech of tire .... or maybe something else . the end ( more )