S a V I N G p R I V a T E R y a N by Robert roday ( early draft ) typed for the Internet by : David pritchett screenwryter@hotmail.com -------------------------------------------------------------- fade in : credit : White lettering over a back background . the thunderous sound of a massive naval barrage be hear . the power be astonish . it roar through the body , blow back the hair and rattles the ear . fade in : ext . omaha beach - normandy - dawn the roar of naval gun continue but now we see they firing . huge fifteen inch gun . swarm of landing craft head directly into a nightmare . massive explosion from german artillery shell and mine obstacle tear apart the beach . hundred of german machine gun , load with tracers , pour out a red snowstorm of bullet . offshore superimposition : omaha beach , normandy June 6 , 1944 0600 hour hundred of landing craft each hold thirty man , near the beach . the cliff at the far end of the beach , a ninety - foot cliff . topped by bunker . ringed by fortify machine gun nest . a clear line - of- fire down the entire beach . ten landing craft make they way toward the base of the cliff . running a gauntlet of explosion . superimposition : the following be base on a true story the lead landing craft plow through the wave . the camera move past the face of the men boy . most be eighteen or nineteen year old . tough . well - train . try to block out the fury around they . a direct hit on a nearby landing craft a huge explosion of fuel , fire , metal and flesh . the lead landing craft the motorman hold he course . shell explode around they . flaming oil burn on the water . cannon FIRE smashes into the bow . the motoraman be ripped to bit blood and flesh shower the man behind he . the mate take the control . a young soldier his face cover with the remain of the motorman . start to lose it . begins to shudder and weep . his name be delancey . the boy around he do they best to stare straight ahead . but the fear infect they . it start to spread . a figure pushes through the man . put himself in front of delancey . the figure be captain JOHN miller . early thirty . by far the oldest man on the craft . relaxed , battle -harden , powerful , ignore the hell around they . he smile , put a cigar in he mouth , strike a match on the front of delancey 's helmet and light the cigar . delancey try to look away but Miller grip he by the jaw and force he to lock eye . Miller smile . delancey be terrify . delancey Captain , be we all gonna die ? Miller Hell no , two -third , top . delancey oh , Jesus ... Miller I want every one of you to look at the man on you leave . now look at the man on you right . feel sorry for that to son - of - bitch , they be go to get it , you be not go to get a scratch . a few , include delancey , manage thin smile . Miller release he grip on delancey who move he jaw as if to see if it 's break . Miller pat he on the cheek and move on to the bow . miller look over the gunwale at the hell in front of they . pan down to miller' hand it quiver in fear . Miller glance around , see that none of the man have notice . he stare at he hand as if it belong to someone else . it stop shaking . he turn he eye back to the objective . the lead landing craft hit the beach the six survive boat alongside . explosive propelled grappling hook FIRE from the landing craft . Arc toward the top of the cliff . the lead craft ramp goe down a river of machine gun FIRE pour into the craft . a dozen man be instantly kill . among they , delancey . miller somehow survive . jump into the breaker . miller move , goddamn it ! go ! go ! go ! explosion everywhere the german on the edge of the cliff . rain down machine gun FIRE and grenade . the AMERICANS struggle through the surf . firing up as best they can . make for the base of the cliff . incendiary grenade , hurled from above , explode , spread FIRE miller ignore the explosion and bullet . use hand signal and curt order . miller there ! there ! hook there ! FIRE squad , that rock ! the men obey instantly . set the grapple hook . take position . return fire . the sound of battle drown out most voice . except the scream of the wounded and dying . the men know what they have to do . start up the rope . into the tooth of the german defender . miller back -strap he Thompson sub-machine gun . start climb with the first group . the cliff face the Americans swarm up the rope . take turn fire up at the Germans . miller sees a stall climber a soft -face boy . grab he by the back of he collar . roughly yank he up . nearly choke he . they boy climb on . half - way a american private be hit . fall , take two other with he . all three land on the rock below . another way to die . near the top less steep . they leave the rope . free climb , scramble up the rock . miller join half - a- dozen pin down man . other bottleneck behind they . Miller scan the route and the defender . see a open gap . deadly . Beyond be a protective overhang . with a clear line to the top . miller that 's the route . Miller motion to six man huddle near he . miller go ! the six men take a instant to get ready . then scramble into the gap . miller and the other do they best to cover they . pour FIRE up at the Germans . bad angle . no Germans be hit . the six men be CUT to ribbons by machine gun FIRE . all kill . they fall to the rock below . sarge , mid-twenty , experience , Miller 's right arm and best friend , dive into the rock next to Miller . sarge that 's a goddamn shoot gallery , Captain . miller it 's the only way . miller turn to the next half - dozen man . miller you're next ! the second six move to the head of the gap . Miller move for a better angle against the machine gun . call to jackson , a tall , gangly Southern country boy , sharp - shooter . miller jackson , pick off a few of they , will you ? jackson ( heavy Southern accent ) you betcha , Captain . Miller signal other where to direct they cover fire . turn to the second six . miller go ! the second six take deep breath . head into the gap . miller and other blast surprising FIRE jackson , nail a pair of Germans . miller cut down two more . sarge get one . not enough . the second six be raked by machine gun . all be kill . miller turn , look for the next six . his eye fall on sarge and reiben who be a cynical , sharp , New Yorker . reiben smile . reiben ( heavy Brooklyn accent ) Captain , can I put in for a transfer ? miller sure , meet I at the top , we will start the paperwork . the third six move into place . sarge and Miller exchange a look . they both see the madness of what they be do . miller and the other OPEN up on the Germans . miller go ! sarge roll he eye , take a breath . scramble into the gap . the other five right behind . in the gap bullet everywhere . Three be hit . then another . potato masher grenade bounce down . explode below . the german machine gun swing toward sarge and reiben . Miller see they about to get it ... miller step out into the OPEN . a perfect target . Captain 's bar glint . firing . try to draw the german FIRE . the german machine gunner sees miller stand in the OPEN . too much to pass up . he swing the machine gun away from sarge and reiben , toward Miller . a row of german bullet approach Miller ... he 's a instant from death . sarge and reiben dive under the overhang to safety . miller dive back to cover , barely make it , he boot heal be blown off . under the overhang sarge and reiben untangle themselves . reiben I will be goddamn ! I be not dead ! sarge holler back to Miller . sarge captain , if you mother saw you do that , she'd be very upset ! miller I thought you be my mother . Quick smile . miller and he rangers lean out and FIRE . hit more Germans . sarge and reiben run up the path , under the overhang . stop near the top . pull pin on grenade . Count . both throw long , arcing over the crest , perfectly aim . the two grenade explode . putt out the two worst machine gun nest . miller cross the gap . his man follow . at the crest the Americans swarm over the top . firing . two dozen german FIRE back as they retreat . abandon the perimeter defense of the bunker . the Germans be CUT down . miller motion to WADE , a small , wide - eye , demolition man who 's struggle under the weight of half - a dozen satchel charge . miller okay , Wade , you turn . Wade Captain , I love it when you say that . Miller , sarge , reiben and Jackson cover Wade as he race to the first of three bunker . dodging bullet from inside . Wade toss a satchel charge into a gun port . a huge , muffled explosion , rock the bunker . miller and sarge Survey the field . sarge what the hell be you do ? drawing fire ! miller worked , do not it ? sarge you tryin ' to get yourself kill ? miller do not need to , the kraut go that cover . sarge shake he head at Miller , then he look over the cliff at the score of man , they shattered , burn body cover the rock and the beach below . he 's clearly affect . Miller coldly glance at the dead and wounded . then he move on , lead he survive man toward the two remain german bunker . the sound of big gun and machine gun FIRE surround he . dissolve to : ext . war department build - day the SOUND of clatter machine gun FIRE segue to that of clatter typewriter . a huge government building stand in the heart of Washington , d.c . superimposition : war department WASHINGTON , D.C. JUNE 8 , 1944 int . communications office - war dept . - day very busy . a dozen , somber military clerk work behind desk , quickly and efficiently . no small talk . a clerk older than the other , sad -ey , add a sheet of paper to a large pile in he out - box . close shot a outgo telegram . it read : " we regret to inform you ... kill in action ... heroic service ... " this be the paperwork of death . the clerk pull out a file . read . find something troubling . quickly shuffles through some other papers . find what he 's look for . rise from he desk and hurry out of the office . int . lieutenant's office - war dept . - day see through the glass wall . the clerk speak to a young lieutenant who be visibly shake by what he be be tell . he motion to the clerk to follow and he stride out of the office with the clerk on he heel . int . captain office - war dept . - day again , see through a glass wall . the Young Lieutenant speak to a young captain who , like the Lieutenant be clearly bother by what he 's be tell . the Captain take the papers from the Young Lieutenant and stride out . int . colonel' office - war dept . - day a busy office . aide and secretary scurry about . the wall and table be cover with map of normandy and complex deployment chart . a one -armed colonel with a chest full of ribbon pour himself another cup of coffee . he clearly have not sleep in a long time . the Young Captain , he staff officer , walk in . Young captain Colonel , I have get something you should know about . one-armed colonel yes ? Young captain two brother die in normandy . one at omaha Beach , the other at Utah . last week in guam a third brother be kill in action . all three telegram go out this morning . they mother in Iowa be get all three telegram this afternoon . the life drain from the Colonel . other in the room hear and freeze . one-armed colonel oh , Jesus . Young captain there 's more . there 's a fourth brother . the youngest . he parachute in with the hundre - and - first airborne the night before the invasion . he 's on the front . one-armed colonel be he alive ? Young captain we do not know . the Colonel regains he bearing . stands and motion curtly to the Captain . one -arm colonel come with I . the Colonel regains he bearing . stands and motion curtly to the Captain . one-armed colonel come with I . the Colonel stride from the room with the Captain on he heel . the aide and secretary watch they go . ext . farm road - iowa - day a black car drive along a dirt road , a cloud of dust rise behind . pass through a endless expanse of ripening corn . ext . ryan farm - iowa - day a whit farmhouse . a barn . a stand of tree . cornfield as far as the eye can see . in the yard a tire swing . a bushel basket nail to the barn over a dirt basketball court . a porch swing sit empty . move slightly . on the glass of the front door four american flag decal . each one , a man in service . margaret ryan step out . around sixty . her face show the line of a life of hard work and mother hood . a good woman . she wipe she hand on she apron and look out across the field . Far in the distance she see the dust rise behind the black car . she watch the car get closer , then see it turn toward she house . she start to grow uneasy . as the black car approach , she breath come hard . she reach out and steady herself on the porch post . the car pull up to the house . she see three man get out , one wear a clerical collar . the first of she tear come . int . general marshall's office - war department - day another busy office fill with aide and secretary . general GEORGE marshall , Army Chief of staff , stand next to he conference table , read the Ryan brother ' file . half - a-dozen subordinate , among they the one -arm Colonel and the Young Captain , wait . General Marshall put down the file . general marshall ( softly ) goddamn it . one-armed colonel all four of they be in the same company in the 29th infantry but we split they up after the Sullivan brother die on the juneau . general marshall any contact with the fourth brother , James ? one-armed colonel no , sir . he be drop about thirty mile inland , near ramelle . that 's still deep behind german line . General Marshall harden . general marshall well , if he 's alive , we be go to send someone to get he the hell out of there . that 's just what the General 's staff want to hear . ext . normandy - crater field - day near constant mortar explosion . heavy machine gun FIRE . Miller 's Ranger company be pin down by a superior force of german troops . the Americans hug the bottom of the crater , firing back as best they can . big gun thunder in the distance . superimposition : normandy 1300 hour June 9 miller trailed by a radioman , dash through the fire and dive into a sludge - fill crater . he surface , see sarge and reiben , and reel from a horrific smell . they conversation be repeatedly break by firing and ducking german FIRE . miller Jesus Christ ! what the hell be we swim in ? reiben shit , sir . sarge fertilizer , Captain , I think we be in a cranberry bog . reiben out of the fry pan , into the fuck latrine . miller look at the bright side , the kraut sure as hell do not want to advance and hold this cesspool . Miller bark to he radioman . miller get Fire Control , we need some artillery ... radioman try , sir . more explosion . they all duck . reiben 's worried . reiben Sir , what if they send some other company into caen ahead of we while we be pin down here ? miller do not worry , we be the only ranger this side of the continent , we have get to be first into caen . sarge who care ? reiben I care . do not you know what caen 's famous for , sarge ? sarge frog ? reiben lingerie . sarge yeah ? so ? the german FIRE diminish for a instant . Miller , sarge and reiben immediately rise and pour FIRE at the german position . german machine gun FIRE respond and they duck down again . reiben so , you ever hear of employee discount ? my uncle sell shoe , get twenty - five percent off everything in the line , get a closet fill with the best look shoe you ever see . more mortar explosion . reiben just picture some french number be spend all day , every day , make cream -color , shear - body negligee with gentle - lift silk cup and gather empire waist , what the hell you think she wear at night ? miller reiben , how the hell do you know so much about lingerie ? reiben lingerie be my life , sir . my mother 's get a shop in Brooklyn , I grow up in it , from the time I could crawl , we carry caen lingerie , it 's the best there be , it 's all I be think about since the invasion . another pause in the german shelling . reiben rise and blast he b.a.r , then duck as the german return FIRE . miller there 's a war on , good chance they be not still make lingerie in caen . reiben oh , Captain , they will always make lingerie , it 's one of the three basic need of man -- food , shelter , silk teddy . Miller dream on , private . reiben happy to , sir . radioman Captain , I have get Command , they want you back at h.q. , right away . miller maybe the war 's over . a mortar shell explode very close . after the debris stop fall , sarge and reiben rise , spitting out sludge . reiben look dubiously at Miller . reiben I do not think so , Captain . miller ( to radioman ) stay at it until you get fire control . ( to sarge ) keep them down , wait for the navy . sarge yes , sir . Miller wait for a pause in the mortar barrage , then scramble out of the crater and take off in a crouch -run . ext . normandy - field h.q. - 19 th infantry - day Chaos . under fire . intermittent mortar , some big german shell and fairly close SMALL arm FIRE . miller run over the break ground and make it to the sandbagge h.q. he stumble down the make- shift stair . int . h.q. sandbagged bunker - day Sand and dirt fall with the close of the explosion which continue through the scene . Miller salute a Major . miller Miller , company B , second ranger . Major go on in . Miller go deeper into the h.q. bunker where he find a dozen officer with as many aide , runner and radiomen . very busy . a field map dominate the center of the small space . the man in the room note Miller , a few nod to he respectfully . he 's clearly someone special . colonel SAM anderson be in command , talk on a field - phone . he 's about fifty , firm and steady , the calm at the eye of the storm . he see Miller and motion for he to wait . colonel anderson ( into field - phone ) ... I understand you problem , but if we do not get that tank off - load by 0600 , we be go to have a entire division up at caen with its ass hang out of its pants ... a lieutenant step up to Miller and hand he a sheet of paper . Lieutenant Captain , here 's you company address list . miller my what ? Lieutenant for letter to the family of you kill - in - action . Miller hand the list back to the Lieutenant . miller find a chaplain . colonel anderson ( into field - phone ) ... alright , let I know when . Anderson hang up , speak to a aide . colonel anderson have the second and third regiment hold at St. Michel until we get that tank . aide yes , sir . Colonel Anderson turn to Miller . colonel anderson report . miller sector four be secure , we put out the last three german one - fifty -five , find they about two mile in from ponte du hoc . colonel anderson resistance ? miller a company , wehrmacht , no artillery , we take twenty - three prisoner , turn they over to intelligence . colonel anderson casualty ? miller fourty -four , twenty one dead . a instant of silence , all hear , none look . miller they do not want to give up that one - fifty -five , sir . colonel anderson it be a hard assignment , that 's why you get it . miller yes , sir . colonel anderson where be you man now ? miller pin down , a mile east of here , wait for some help from the navy gun . colonel anderson I be send Simpson to take over for you , the division be go to caen , you be not come with we , I have something else for you . miller Sir ? colonel anderson there 's a private James Ryan who parachute in with the hundre - and - first near ramelle . I want you to take a squad up there . if he 's alive , bring he back to the beach for debarkation . take whoever you need , you have get you pick of the company . miller a private , sir ? colonel anderson he 's the last of four brother , the other three be kill in action . this be straight from the Chief of staff . miller but , sir ... i... I ... colonel anderson spit it out , Captain . miller hesitate , then : miller respectfully , sir , send man all the way up to ramelle to save one private do not make a fuck , goddamn bit of sense . ( beat ) Sir . the other officer freeze , listen without turn . Colonel Anderson glare at Miller . colonel anderson you think just because you hold the congressional Medal of honor , you can say any damn thing you please to you superior officer ? Miller consider the question , then smile . miller yes , sir , more or less . Colonel Anderson look as if he 's about to bit Miller 's head off , then he smile , too . colonel anderson alright , I will give you that . continue . miller the number do not make sense , sir . his brother be dead , that 's too bad , but they be out of the equation . send man up there be bleed heart crapola from three thousand mile away . one private be simply not worth a squad . Colonel anderson this one be . he 's worth a lot more than that . which be why I be send you , you be the best field officer there be . Miller shrug . miller yes and no , sir , what about Morgan ? Fine officer , regular church goer , write poetry , he might like a mission like this . ( beat ) and he 's taller than I . Colonel Anderson listen with amused tolerance , but it 's time to get back to business . colonel anderson that 's enough , Captain , you have you order . Major Thomas will fill you in . Miller know when to back off . he salute . miller yes , sir . Miller and Colonel Anderson exchange a private look . colonel anderson good luck , John . miller thank you , sir . Miller join Major Thomas at one of the smaller map table . Colonel Anderson watch Miller for a instant , then notice the other officer in the tent watch . a glare and they go back to work . ext . battleship - day a massive barrage of fifteen -inch shell blast from the deck of the enormous ship . ext . crater field - cranberry bog - day huge explosion . the big naval shell slam into the german position on the far side of the cranberry bog crater field . in the crater Miller 's Ranger company duck and cover . the barrage subside . the ranger rise , firing , leap -frogging from crater to crater , advance against the remain Germans who return SMALL arm FIRE . miller crouch-run and dive into a crater with sarge . miller put on you travel shoe , sarge , we be head out . sarge caen ? miller I wish . you and I be take a squad up to ramelle on a public relation mission . sarge you ? lead a squad ? miller some private up there lose three brother , get a ticket home . sarge what about the company ? miller Simpson . sarge Simpson ? Jesus Christ on a fuck pogo stick ! miller I want reiben on b.a.r ; Jackson with he sniper rifle ; beasley , demolition . sarge beasley 's dead . miller okay , Wade . Translators ? sarge Fresh out . miller what about Talbot ? sarge twenty minute ago . Miller damn , I will go see if I can find another one . you get reiben , Jackson and Wade , meet I at transport . sarge yes , sir . they wait for a lull in the fire , then scramble out of the crater and crouch -run in opposite direction . ext . transport h.q. - nineteenth infantry - day just in from the beach . distant artillery and explosion . nothing close . dust. confusion . vehicle of every sort move out . tank , half - track , troop truck . in the middle of the mess , a cigar - chew supply sergeant work at a make - shift desk make out of crate . he yell at a private . supply sergeant get that goddamned half -track out of there ! private they be block in ! sergeant then unblock ' em ! sarge&lt ; reiben , jackson and WADE wait nearby . reiben be beside himself , pace , mutter . the other be relaxed . miller stride through the chaos , avoid the pass vehicle . he see he man and walk toward they . reiben hurry up to Miller , plead . reiben please , sir , you can not take I to ramelle , I gotta go to caen , sir , please , I tell you , they make caen lingerie there , it 's beautiful , it 's the best there be , it 's ...oh , please , sir ... miller sorry , I need a b.a.r. man , you be the best . reiben ( desperate ) no , I be not , kaback be , honest . or what about faulkner ? or that little guy with the glass ? miller trust I , you be the best . reiben ( whimper ) but , sir ... Miller jerk he head for he man to follow and he stride off toward the supply sergeant 's table . sarge fall in next to Miller . sarge you get a translator , Captain ? miller I have get a line on one . transport operation table Chaos . vehicle thundering by . the supply sergeant juggle runner and paperwork . Miller step up to he . miller sergeant , I need a truck . supply sergeant sorry , sir , fresh out of truck , how ' bout a ' 38 Ford roadster , hard - top , red with black interior . miller White -wall ? supply sergeant no white - wall , sir , there 's a war on . ( to the private ) not there , you goddamned idiot , over there ! ( to Miller ) I can not help you , sir . miller a half - track , anything . supply sergeant sorry , sir . division be use everything on wheel to get up to caen . ( notice Miller 's shoulder patch ) how come you guy be not go ? Miller ignore the question . he spy a jeep . miller how about that jeep ? supply sergeant that 's General gavin' . his lap dog tell I if anyone breathes on it , I will get bust and if anyone so much as touch it with they little finger , I will get court marshale . if you be to take it , they would shoot I . jackson cap and , do that mean we get to walk all the way up to ramelle ? supply sergeant what 's at ramelle beside a lot of Germans . miller a paratrooper name Ryan . he 's go home , if he 's alive . supply sergeant Senator 's son ? miller no , three brother of he be kill in action . Command want he out of there . the supply sergeant grunt as if punch in the belly . supply sergeant damn ... I get a couple brother ... Miller look at he , note he reaction coldly . the supply sergeant shift he eye toward General gavin 's jeep . ext . road leading from transport - day Miller and he man drive off , fast , in General gavin 's jeep . sarge be at the wheel , weaving and bounce through the bedlam of man and vehicle . Miller ride shotgun . reiben , Jackson and Wade be cramme in the back . the supply sergeant watch they go . behind he , general gavin , pure piss and vinegar , stride up , trail by he huge staff . he look around for he jeep , come up empty . general gavin sergeant , where the hell be my goddamned jeep !? the supply sergeant puff he cigar with a smile and turn to take he lump . ext . road - day Miller and he man weave through the chaos of the american staging area . miller we have get to make one stop . Miller point the way for sarge . ext . intelligence tent - day Miller and he man skid to a stop in front of a perfectly white , taut - line tent . a steady stream of roaring vehicle and chatter man move out around they . distant gun rumble . sporadic medium -distance explosion boom . Miller hop out . miller wait here . he stride into the tent . int . intelligence tent - day Three bookish corporal hover over map table like studious nerd the day before final . they be break down and grid field map and cover they in plasticine . tedious , detailed work . one of they be tim upham , a thin , twenty - four year old , patrician with gentle , thoughtful eye behind he thick glass . he nervously jump at the sound of a very distant explosion , then he force himself to concentrate on he work . Miller stride in . Miller I be look for corporal upham . upham raise he eye from he map and re-focus . upham Sir , I be upham . miller I understand you speak french and german . upham yes , sir . miller do you have a accent ? upham a slight one in french . my german be clean . it have a touch of the bavarian . miller good , you have be re-assign to I , we be go to ramelle . upham know enough geography to know what that mean . upham uh , sir , there be Germans up at ramelle . miller that 's my understanding . upham lot of they . miller do you have a problem with that , corporal ? upham Sir , I have never be in combat . I make map . I translate . miller I need a translator , all mine have be kill . upham but , sir , I have not hold a gun since basic training . miller it will come back to you . get you gear . upham hesitates . upham Sir , may I bring my typewriter ? Miller look at he closely , not sure if he 's joke . upham I be write a book and I ... Miller 's expression give he he answer . upham uh , how about a pencil ? miller a small one . Miller shoos he off . miller go , go ... upham scurries away . Miller sigh . ext . road leading from intelligence tent - day Miller and he man peel out , now with upham cramme with the other in the back of the jeep . as they drive off , the camera crane up to reveal the vast tableau of the biggest invasion in military history . the scope of the operation be stun . the beach be cover with mountain of supplies . a steady stream of vehicle wind up the dune . hundred of barrage balloon , anchore by heavy steel cable , hover over the entire scene . off - shore , a massive Mulberry port be under construction , worker swarm over it like ant . Beyond that , thousand of ship and boat of every type and description . the smoke of hundred of fire rise on the horizon . explosion , some distant , some close , boom and rumble . it 's a awesome , breathtaking sight . Miller and he tiny band of man , weave they way through the middle of it , speed away from the beach , head inland , leave the bulk of the american Army behind . ext. french road - day Miller and he man drive fast pass american vehicle and infantrymen move forward . the side of the road be litter with the debris of burn german vehicle , abandon equipment , body . sarge drive . Miller read a map . upham , cradling a pristine m - 1 rifle , be all eye and ear . Jackson and Wade calmly take in the view . reiben check out the close quarter in the back of the jeep . reiben Captain , can I ask you a question ? miller sure , reiben . reiben where be you plan on put private Ryan , sir ? Miller do not raise he eye from the map . reiben ( continue ) it 's just that it 's kind of crowded back here , I be wonder if you be expect to have more room on the way back ? Miller point out a turn to sarge . miller Left . sarge make the turn . Miller fold up the map and pocket it . miller now we have get a straight shot , due north , to ramelle , twenty - six mile , two village between here and there , St. mere , then bernay . we will take the jeep as far as we can , then go on on foot . sarge we in radio contact with anybody up there ? miller somebody put the wrong crystal in every one of the hundre - and - first 's radio the night before the drop , not one of they work . we be go in blind . reiben I usually like surprise . sarge what be we likely to run into ? miller a fuck mess , two maybe three kraut division , no front , no line , the drop be completely foule up , we have get little pocket of paratrooper all over the place , try to hang on . Command say we hold St. mere , but north of that , it 's all kraut . even if Ryan 's where he 's suppose to be , he 's more than likely dead . sarge Hell of a mission . miller yep , hell of a mission . in the back of the jeep upham avidly take in everything . he notice reiben stare at he , grow nervous under he look and offer a hopeful smile . upham hi . so , uh , you be all ranger ? reiben , Jackson and Wade look at upham as if he be a insect . upham I be upham . ( point at he corporal 's stripe ) ignore this , please , I know all that break down in combat . they jaw drop . reiben ( to Wade ) you want to shoot he , or should I ? Wade it 's not my turn . reiben ( politely ) Jackson ? jackson Hell , no , last time I shot a corporal , cap and Miller near bit my head off . upham react to the metion of Miller 's name . upham Miller ? miller I do not want anybody to shoot he , that 's a order . he speak french and he german have a touch of the bavarian . upham Sir , be you Captain John Miller ? Miller sigh , he know what 's come . upham ( continue ) ... who win the congressional Medal of hon ...? upham 's word be freeze in he throat by the warning glance of Miller 's man . Miller himself remain relaxed but stone - face . no one speak for a few second , then the moment pass as if it have never happen . reiben Captain , I gotta tell you , the irony of this mission be fuck kill I . miller yeah , how so ? reiben I should be on my way to caen , sir . it 's like Beethoven , the guy 's one of the great composer ever live and he go deaf . go figure , I mean , who would he piss off ? and here I be , the Beethoven of lady foundation garment , one step away from caen , the center of the know lingerie universe and instead , I be go to ramelle to save some fuck private who 's probably already dead . miller there 's to be a bright side , look for it . reiben Sir , you know what ramelle be famous for ? cheese . the rest of the company be go to caen and we be go to the goddamn cheese capital of France . there be no bright side . miller there 's always a bright side . reiben I be listen , sir . miller well , I , for one , like cheese . Wade pipe up cheerfully . Wade Hell , I do not mind go to ramelle , as long as there 's something up there for I to blow up . reiben well , you be a happy idiot . they round a turn skid to a stop at a : bottleneck of american vehicle a lieutenant be roadmaster . Miller call to he . miller how 's the road up to St. mere ? Lieutenant bad , sir . there be some eighty - eight hide somewhere , knock the hell out of we traffic . miller anybody get through ? Lieutenant the lucky one . Miller nod to sarge who floor it . they take off , spraying gravel behind they . ext. St. mere Road - day the jeep barrel down the road , fast . the road be pock -mark with crater . they pass the wreckage of a pair of american jeep . direct hit . sarge swerve around they without slow . a american troop truck smolder on the side of the road , surround by the char body of a dozen american troops . it 's a nightmare vision . upham grow weak at the sight . Miller take note of upham 's reaction . in the back the man bounce up and down like stuff animal , do they best to not be throw out . reiben Hell , this be better than coney Island ! a huge bump bounce reiben up and slam he back down on he shovel . he hollers in pain . miller just try to make room for Ryan . reiben shoot Miller a smile and shift he belt , move he shovel from under he bruise ass . they round a bend see a long , straight stretch of road . half - a-dozen burn , obliterate american vehicle . a gauntlet to run . a eighty - EIGHT shell scream in land right behind they . blows a new crater miller ( sweetly ) sarge ? sarge floors it . everyone hang on . another shell explode thirty yard ahead of they . miller direct sarge off the road . miller they have get the road zeroed . sarge yank the wheel , drive the jeep off the road . the jeep bounce off the shoulder . nearly throw everyone out . somehow they hang on . the jeep tear along the rutte field . another explosion just behind they . sarge drive madly not slow down . try to avoid the biggest rut and bump . another explosion Close on they side . shower they with debris . sarge Jesus Christ ! miller scan the terrain see a cluster of building about half - a- mile ahead . miller they have get a hell of a spotter somewhere . another explosion even closer . the jeep 's peppered with shrapnel . they barrel through the smoke . miller s-curves , sarge . sarge turn shallow curve without slow down . suddenly sees a crater tries to avoid it . too late . brake . plows into overturn earth . stop short . reiben , upham , WADE and jackson thrown from the jeep . tumble into the dirt . not hurt . sarge and miller hang on . stay in the jeep but be batter . all stunne . miller be first to regain he bearing . jump up . check out the jeep . undamage . deep in the soft dirt . a eighty - EIGHT shell scream in explode thirty yard left miller sarge ! reverse ! sarge put he head back on and throw the jeep into gear . the wheel spin . Miller throw he shoulder into the jeep . yell to the other . miller come on ! you wanna walk ? still day reiben , Wade , Jackson , upham screw they head back on . shoulder into the jeep . push for all they be worth . the wheel still spin . another eighty - EIGHT shell land explode thirty yard right miller ignore it he 's the only one who do . sarge Captain , they get we zeroed . upham be very nervous . upham that 's brackete , right ? they all ignore he . upham I know about brackete . I read about it . the next one be go to land right on we . miller forward ! forward ! ( beat ) now reverse ! sarge slam the jeep into reverse . rock it . slam it back into forward . make progress . all the men push , all eye up . waiting for the next shell . sarge uh , Captain ... miller push ! sarge uh , Captain ... the tire scream a bit more progress . it 's almost out . they all push like maniac know the shell be come any second . upham be beside himself . sarge ( sweetly ) oh , Captain ... one more push the jeep rock back in , deeper . miller shit ! they hear the scream of the shell miller bark to he men miller go ! the men instantly take off . away from the jeep . as fast as they can . the shell scream in the man hit the dirt . direct hit obliterating the jeep the men barely out of the blast perimeter . stunned by the concussion . showered with dirt , rock and debris . miller be first up . sarge and the man struggle to they foot . hear more incoming . Miller grab upham by the collar and pull he up . miller here come the mortar ! they all take off running as fast as they can . the first of the mortar shell come in the eighty - eight be big , with pause space between . but there must be a dozen mortar fire . the shell be almost constant . the field the six Americans run madly , in zig - zag pattern through the gauntlet of mortar explosion . boom running , stumbling boom , boom , boom upham be thrown to the ground Miller yank he up . half - drag he to the edge of the field . they make it to the tree keep run . through the bush and bramble . thirty yard in . the explosion stop the men all stop pant . struggle to catch they breath . check they body part . everything 's there . they have they weapon , most of they gear . reiben look back through the tree at the jeep , which be nothing more than a burn carcass . he shake he head . reiben General gavin be go to be very irritate at you , Captain . miller stands on the edge of the wood , almost in a trance . upham Captain , I ... sarge sssssh ! Miller , far away , quickly shift he eye and ear from position to position . miller sarge , map . sarge quickly open up the map case . the man be dead silent , freeze in place . miller two eighty - eight , just under two - and -a-half mile , that way , vector from the jeep , through that two tree at the base of the hill . the mortar come from behind that rise , there , four of they . sarge quickly start vectore on the map . Miller snap out of it . miller Wade , the radio . Wade instantly start cranking it up . upham be amaze . upham you can tell all that , just by the sound , sire ? miller that 's not all . there be nine gunner on the eighty - eight , one have a break heel on he boot , two have bratwurst for supper last night , one of they be name fritz , the other , han , maybe , I do not know , it 's hard to tell . jackson corporal , you have just see one of Captain Miller 's many god-given talent . if , by some miracle , you survive , you will witness many more of they . sarge finish vectore . sarge get it , sir . we gonna go take care of that eighty - eight ? miller that 's not what we be here for . WADE ( re. radio ) I have get command , Captain . Miller take the handset from Wade and the map from sarge . miller ( into radio ) this be Baker charley one , fire mark , sector three , foxtrot quadrant , four - three by baker - three . two eighty - eight . tell we boy to come in low from the east in case the kraut have ack -ack . good hunt . over . a voice on the radio sign off through the static . Wade pack up the radio . Miller fold up the map . Jackson Sir , would not take we but a minute to put out they eighty - eight . sarge he 's right , Captain , it might be kind of dangerous for that flyboy . miller tell that to private James Ryan . we have get we order . let 's go . Miller head off without pause or look back . the rest of the man do not like it , but they follow . upham trail , amaze at Miller . ext . wood - day Miller walk point . his man follow warily . upham fall in alongside reiben . upham so , where be you from ? reiben get lose . upham smile lamely and move on to Jackson . upham so , where be you from ? jackson you writin ' a book or somethin' ? upham as a matter of fact , I be . jackson figure . Wade overhear and smile at upham . WADE I be Wade , that 's spell , w-a-d-e , I be small but wiry , with pierce , steel - gray eye , and a rough -hewn but handsome face , I be from Colorado , my father 's a mining engineer , do not you take note ? upham shake he head . upham demolition , right ? WADE since I be nine year old . they get a lot of explosive around mine . I and my little brother could get into any warehouse you ever see . damn , we have fun ! Jackson shrug . jackson I be Jackson . I be from West fork , Tennessee . my pappy 's a preacher . him and he two brother get a ministry , the bless Church of the wandering Gospel . upham in West fork ? jackson in the back of a nineteen and thirty - one stretch Hudson with a big ole ' trailer . upham no kid . jackson I do not make joke about thing of , or related to , the preaching of the Holy Gospel , include the ministerial call of my family . upham so they travel around from place to place and preach ? jackson we get we a tent , forty - two foot across , eighteen foot at center , hundred - and - ten foldin ' chair . circuit 's eleven town , cover all 'a hasset County and most 'a weller County . I expect that upon completion of my military service I will be joinin ' say ministry . upham what about the Captain ? where 's he from ? they all shake they head . Miller 's out of earshot . jackson you figure that out , you get yourself one nice prize . sarge over three hundred buck , last I hear . Wade company 's get a pool , five buck get you in , whoever guess where the Captain 's from and what he do as a civilian get it all . jackson the whole kit and caboodle . upham but everybody 's hear of he , he win the congressional Medal of honor , he save a dozen man . reiben we know . upham somebody must know where he 's from , what he do for a live . sarge somebody probably do . upham why do not you just ask he ? jackson the Captain prefer not to discuss certain aspect of he life , in particular , everything up to and include he enlistment in the United States Army . sarge I have be with he since anzio . I be closer to he that I be to my own brother but I do not even know what state he 's from . somewhere in the Northeast as near as I can figure . I do not even have a clue what he do for a live as civilian . reiben shake he head . reiben no one 's gonna win the money for the simple reason that the Captain never be a civilian . they assemble he at o.c.s. out of spare body part from dead g.i. 's . I know this for a fact . jackson ( defensively ) you get something ' against the cap and ? reiben Hell , no . I think he 's the best officer in the whole goddamn army , bar none . they all nod in assent , no argument there . jackson you get that right . Miller walk on ahead , unaware of they conversation . upham watch Miller , with even more curiosity . ext . hedgerow field - day Miller and he man walk along a hedgerow that parallel a country cow path . they be stay close to the cover of the brush . Miller walk tall now . jackson Captain , my foot be most uncomfortable . if I would 'a know we be gonna have to walk all the way to ramelle , I never would 'a volunteer for this here mission . miller you do not volunteer , Jackson . jackson I most likely would have , sir , have I be give the opportunity . reiben if we find Ryan and he 's still alive , that son-of - a-bitch be gonna carry this goddamn b.a.r. back to the beach for I . jackson Army life be too dang easy , my foot have go soft . back home , we go out squirrel huntin ' , I walk forever and a day and then some , do not even raise a blister . reiben you know what a b.a.r. weigh ? nineteen and a half pound , not count ammo. ( re. ammo bandoleer ) and you think this thing be comfortable ? they may look good but they weigh twelve pound each , that 's thirty - six pound , right there . WADE so what ? I have get three satchel charge , six gammon grenade , a dozen - and - a-half pineapple , and all my regular gear . you do not hear I complain . reiben that 's because , as I have point out on numerous occasion , you be a happy idiot . WADE no , I just happen to take the Captain 's advice and look at the bright side of thing . upham how do you do it ? WADE it 's easy , it run in my family , take my grandfather , for example ... reiben oh , Christ , now we gotta listen to that grandfather thing again . WADE as I be say , before I be so rudely interrupt , my grandfather get old , as grandfather tend to do . he need someone to take care of he . we move around all the time , go from one mine to another , so we have to put he in a home . Nice enough place but kind of depress . but not for granddad . he just convinced himself he be on a cruise ship , go to tahiti , he have he own cabin , first class , with room service . it just so happen that the weather be always lousy , so he never bother to go up on deck . happiest guy you ever see until the day he die . upham you think he really believe it ? WADE who know ? it work . reiben Fine , you convince yourself you get a pack full of feather and goddamn private James Ryan can carry my fuck gear . WADE reiben , you can be very unpleasant to be around sometimes . reiben you want unpleasant ? just wait , I can do much better than this . WADE look at upham , you do not hear he complain . upham , feel bold and a bit naughty , decide to give it a shot . upham well , as a matter of fact , I be just think ... the man roll they eye , expect the worst . upham ( continue ) that I be so fuck tired of this goddamn walk , I would pay a thousand dollar to see that bastard Ryan crawl on he belly over a acre of break glass to hear my great - aunt martha fart through a field - phone . the man be stunne . reiben Jesus Christ , he 's a natural ! miller upham , be you sure you have never be in combat ? upham wiggle with pride . upham positive , sir , I be certain I would remember . Miller eye upham respectfully and nod to the man . miller he 's good . they walk on . jackson cap and , my foot be most uncomfortable . Miller smile , situation normal . ext . ST. mere - late afternoon a small town have be reduce to rubble and be still a active battlefield . heavy SMALL arm FIRE . grenade and mortar explosion . medium artillery beyond . american soldier crouch in doorway , firing at well - place Germans . some french civilian dash across a street . a man and a couple of woman , one carry a child . they make it across and disappear into the remain of a building . Miller run up and flatten himself against a wall at a corner . sarge and the other man follow in leap -frog , spread out down the block behind he . Miller glance around the corner , take a quick mental picture of a gathering of g.i. 's crouching in the cover of a alley across the street and down the block . they be captain hamill , about Miller 's age , and he men . as Miller duck back behind the corner , a german bullet smashes into the brick where he head be a instant before . Miller motion Jackson across first . miller stay low . Jackson gather himself , take off . german bullet blast , kick up the cobblestone behind he . Jackson zig - zag and make it to the cover of the far side . jackson dang ! that be close ! Miller nod to upham . miller you turn . upham , scared shitless , do not move . Miller speak to he very gently . miller Zig-zag , change you pace a couple time , you will be alright . upham 's freeze . he can barely breathe . Miller sigh . miller okay , I be go to draw fire for you . ( sternly ) but if I do , you goddamn well better go . upham nod . Miller gather himself , take a deep breath . close shot : miller' hand quiver . miller look to upham miller ready ? upham nod , still terrify . miller step into the OPEN stands motionless , present himself to the german sniper . miller go. upham run . a german bullet hit the brick near miller . he do not budge . upham tear across the STREET very , very fast . reiben watch upham run . reiben hey , that guy can move . a german bullet whizhes past Miller 's ear . upham get to the far side . miller duck back around the corner . reiben and Wade do not even react to what Miller have just do . sarge be piss . he shake he head at Miller , like a irritate parent . sarge ( under he breath so only Miller can hear ) damn fool . ( beat ) Sir . reiben Captain , he 's fast ! miller ( glance at sarge , speak to reiben ) glad of it . upham on the other side of the street , crouch in a doorway with Jackson . upham be a bit in shock , less from the nearness of the bullet than from what Miller just do for he . miller dash across the street . german bullet trail he , shatter the cobblestone , inch behind he . he make it across . call back to sarge . miller bring them over . upham , try to thank Miller . upham Captain , I ... Miller ignore he , motion to sarge , reiben and Wade . miller one at a time . miller duck out of the doorway and crouch - run down the block . he pass a : bombed out build out of the line of fire . a dozen dead american soldier line up on the ground . the batter , bloody body , only partially cover by ponchos . some badly wounded g.i. 's be be treat next to the dead . blood puddle have spread out onto the sidewalk . miller see the dead and wounded , show no reaction . run to : a alley Captain hamill and he man be bunched there , out of the line of fire . he 's send off a squad to continue they door-to-door . Captain hamill Fundamentals , short run , double up at the corner , one man close , one man wide . be careful . go. the squad take off . Captain hamill see Miller . the two captain glance at the bar on they shoulder , then speak familiarly . Captain hamill how be the road in ? miller we have a jeep until a few hour ago , a nice one , it have a cute little flag with a couple of star on it . Captain hamill oh , what a shame . one by one , Miller 's man join they in the alley . miller we call in a strike on the eighty - eight that take it out , but it 's the kraut spotter that count , wherever the hell that bastard be . Captain hamill point across a wide field toward a distant chateau that have a private chapel with a fifty - foot steeple . Captain hamill that 's where you boy be . we have be try to get he since this morning . he kill two of my man try to get close enough for a shot . Miller eye the distant steeple . miller Jackson . Jackson step up . Miller point to the steeple . Jackson know what he 's suppose to do . he put down he m - 1 and take off the long , zippere , leather sheath , strapped to he back . he spit a massive bullet of tobacco juice , then calmly and methodically unzip he leather case and pull out a very unusual , long - barrel , rifle . Miller and he man give he some room . hamill and he man , along with upham , watch curiously . Jackson open a two - foot tripod with a flick of he wrist , sit down and carefully attaches the rifle to it . then he take a scope from a narrow wooden box and mount it . he adjust the eye-piece and click in the bolt-action . upham be fascinate . upham what be that ? Jackson pull back the bolt and load a single , over-size shell . jackson thirty-ought-six , norton long - barrel with dual - groove , parallel rifling , elevate three - glass scope and a single - throw hammer . upham the Army give you that ? jackson yep . upham you must be a hell a shot . jackson not where I come from . Jackson sight on a tree about a thousand yard away and fire . evaluate . calibrate the scope . he re-load . Jackson fire again . evaluate . perfect . he wipe the dirt and sweat from he forehead , put he eye to the sight and wait , absolutely motionless . upham that must be four thousand yard . jackson ( without take he eye from the scope ) forty-two -hundre , I figure . upham you take account of the wind ? Jackson do not dignify that with a answer but he look back with a expression that clearly say , " what be you , some kind of fuck idiot ? " reiben put himself between upham and Jackson . reiben ( put - on Southern accent ) dang right , he take ' count of the wind , be not ya will ever hear a kentucky windage ? Jackson keep he eye to the scope and he finger on the trigger . jackson reiben , how many time I get to tell you , I be from Tennessee . reiben they get squirrel there , too , right ? Jackson fire . wait . a tiny smile . he start take apart the rifle . a very impressed Captain hamill bark to he radioman . Captain hamill get a hold of Command , tell they the St. mere road be open . the radioman crank up he radio . Captain hamill turn to Miller . Captain hamill how far back be the rest of division ? miller very far , they be not come this way , they be go to take caen first . Captain hamill goddamn it , I be afraid of that . we be in a lot of trouble up here , and it 's gonna get worse before it get better . how many man do you bring ? miller five , but we not stay , we be on we way to ramelle . Captain hamill shit , be you the guy go up to find private Ryan ? miller yeah , you know about that ? Captain hamill Command radioe , want to know if he come in with the early wounded or dead . several of captain hamill be men , among they a gentle - face private , prick up they ear at the mention of private Ryan . Captain hamill we be suppose to tell you , they intercept a german transmission after you leave . the kraut have two company on they way to ramelle to take back that bridge , they will be there sometime late tomorrow . miller wonderful . Captain hamill if Ryan 's alive , you would better get he the hell out of there before that kraut show up . miller how do we get out of here ? Captain hamill you do not , until tonight , we be hemmed in real tight . after dark you try to slip out to the east . if you tip -toe , stay off the main road and roll a few seven , you have get a fair chance of make it up to ramelle by tomorrow night . Miller process the information . Captain hamill shake he head . Captain hamill tough , huh ? Three brother ? Miller shrug . Captain hamill we sure as hell could use you help here , but I understand what you be do ? miller yeah ? Captain hamill good luck . miller thanks . Captain hamill I mean it . find he . get he home . Miller be a bit take aback by Captain hamill 's forceful sincerity . then he shake it off and motion to he man . miller let 's find someplace to hole up . Miller nod to Captain hamill , then , as he move to the head of the alley , Miller pass upham . upham Sir , I be sorry about what happen , I ... miller ( interrupt ) it be nothing . upham but you could have get kill and I ... miller ( interrupt ) like I say , it be nothing . ( to the man ) do not bunch up . he take off , crouch -run back down the block . upham watch he go . upham do you see what he do , back there ? he step right into the open , so I could get across . jackson shit , that be no big deal . WADE they can not kill he . sarge like hell they can not . reiben Wade 's right , it 's some kind of scientific , magnetic thing , I can not explain it , but I have see it . WADE we all have , he 's get nine life , or he 's bulletproof , or some damn thing . the man be equal part joke and admire . sarge be neither . sarge no one 's bulletproof . no one. ( beat ) c'mon , stay low . sarge take off after Miller . ext . ST. mere cathedral - dusk Miller and he man be bivouace in the middle of the ruin of a medieval church . Miller , settle into a comfortable spot in the debris , eat he k-ration , look very relaxed . reiben pace . reiben Captain , could you please explain the math of this mission to I ? miller sure , what do you want to know ? reiben well , sir , in purely arithmetic term , since when do six equal one ? what 's the sense in risk six guy to save one ? miller our be not to reason why . reiben huh ? miller never mind , do not worry , we will pick up this kid , high - tail it back to division , everything will work out fine . reiben I would much rather die in caen than ramelle , sir . it 's a personal thing . miller reiben , there 's a fairly good chance you be not go to die at all . reiben easy for you to say , sir . ( beat ) Fucking James Ryan , I would like to wring he fuck neck . sarge Jesus , reiben , think of the poor bastard 's mother . reiben hey , I get a mother . Jackson , you get a mother ? jackson last I know . reiben Wade , sarge , corporal insect , all of we , hell , I will bet even the Captain have a mother . Miller smile . reiben eye he and reconsider . reiben well , maybe not the Captain , but the rest of we have mother . miller you have order , too . jackson Sir , I have a opinion on this matter . miller I would love to hear it . jackson seem to I , cap and , this mission be a serious misallocation of valuable military resource . Miller go on . jackson well , sir , by my way a thinkin ' I be a finely make instrument of warfare . what I mean by that be , if you be to put I with this here sniper rifle anywhere up to and includin ' one mile from Adolf Hitler , with a clear line of sight , war 's over . Miller nod . miller reiben , I want you to listen closely to Jackson . this be the way to gripe . Jackson , continue . jackson yes , sir . it seem to I , sir , that the entire resource of the United States Army oughta be dedicated to one thing and one thing only , and that be to put I and this here weapon on a rooftop , smack - dab in the middle of Berlin , Germany . now I be not one to question decision make up on high , sir , but it seem to I that save one private , no matter how grievous the loss of he family , be a waste of my god-given talent . miller Wade ? WADE Hell , I do not mind this mission , sir , as long as there 's something up at ramelle for ... reiben ( finish Wade 's sentence ) ... for you to blow up , yeah , yeah , we hear that . miller upham ? upham pass . miller sarge ? sarge I be just here to keep a bunch of numb-nut , include one certain , frequently suicidal , tempter - of - fate , from get themselves kill . reiben eye Miller . reiben and what about you , Captain ? Miller look at reiben , shocked . miller reiben , what 's the matter with you ? I do not gripe to you . I be a captain . there 's a chain of command . griping go one way , up , only up , never down . you gripe to I , I gripe to my superior officer . up , get it ? I do not gripe to you , I do not gripe in front of you . how long you be in the army ? reiben I be sorry , sir , I apologize . ( beat ) but if you be not a captain , or if I be a major , what would you say ? Miller consider he response . miller in that case , I would say this be a excellent mission , with a extremely valuable objective , worthy of my best effort . reiben roll he eye . Miller play it straight , with no obvious sarcasm . miller ( continue ) in addition , as I point out earlier , I have a fondness for cheese and I hope to have the opportunity to sample some of the ramelle product , when we arrive there , to see if they live up to they excellent reputation . moreover , I feel heartfelt sorrow for the mother of private James Ryan and I be more than willing to lay down my life , and the life of my man , especially you , reiben , to help relieve she suffer . the man thoroughly enjoy the performance . reiben Sir , if you be not a captain , I would compliment you , now , for be a excellent liar . miller but I be a captain . if I be not a captain , I would thank you for the compliment and tell you that the ability to lie come from be a top - notch poker player , which I be , have learn at the side of my mother who be , by popular acclaim , the best poker player in ... the man all learn forward expectantly , believe they be about to find out Miller 's home town . Miller smile . miller ( continue ) ... my home town , which shall remain un - name . the man ease back , disappointed . miller any further thought on the subject ? reiben yes , sir , as a final note , I would like to say , fuck we order , fuck ramelle , fuck the cheese capital of France and while we be at it , fuck private James Ryan . miller I will make a note of you suggestion but I will leave that last one to you , especially if he 's already dead . the man wince and laugh . Miller check he watch and get serious . miller we move out in two hour , try and get some sleep . the man know when to can it . without another word , they all settle down into the debris , close they eye and try to follow Miller 's order . upham look around at this strange man , then , a simple , hard glare from Miller make he follow suit . Miller look at he man , then pull out he map case and he flashlight . he turn it on , in the dim glow of the light , he study he map while he man rest . ext . ST. mere cathedral - night ( later ) Dark . artillery rumble in the distance . reiben , Jackson , Wade and upham sleep . Miller still sit in the glow of he flashlight , study he map . sarge lie near he , awake , watch he . sarge notice some unopen envelope in Miller 's map case and speak quietly to he . sarge you ever go to open that letter ? Miller keep he eye on the map . miller maybe . sarge it 's not normal , not read letter from home . miller since when have thing be normal ? sarge you get I . afraid of bad news ? miller nope . sarge good news ? Miller look at sarge . a moment pass between the two of they , then miller take refuge in the map . sarge look at the man . sarge you think they will be alright ? miller they be fine . as long as they can gripe , they will be alright . sarge and what about you ? Miller consider the question , do not answer . miller they guy here be not go to be able to hold out until battalion show up . sarge nope . miller Command be not go to let they withdraw and the Germans sure as hell be not go to let they surrender . sarge Three for three . miller if we stay , we could make a difference . sarge you be kid yourself . miller you never know . they sit in silence for a moment . sarge I hope this boy Ryan be worth it . miller now you be the one kid yourself . ( beat ) Hell of a mission . sarge yup , hell of a mission . Miller look at he watch , rise and bark at the man . miller rise and shine , boy . let 's go . grumbling , the man get up and start shoulder up they gear . ext . ST . mere STREET - night SMALL arm FIRE echoes through the village . distant artillery boom . Miller lead he man from the ruin of the cathedral toward the outskirt of town . they be just a small squad , but this six , heavily - armed man , in full battle gear , be very formidable - look . ext . ST. mere - outskirt - night Miller 's man be get ready to move out . Captain hamill and a few of he man be there to see they off . suddenly : a flash of light appear on the horizon then repeated flash of light . the sky be on fire . the AIR trembles . a far off rumbling thunder roll over the countryside like a tidal wave . then , the opposite horizon light up as well . it be a massive artillery battle . the magnitude of the FURY be incredible , strange , other - worldly . every man there be transfixed . frozen in place . the light play on they face . miller look down and see he hand quivering . sarge notice , say nothing . miller stare at he hand , force it to stop . they eye go back to the blazing sky . sarge ( awe-struck ) make you feel small , do not it ? miller it do not take this . upham 's face show more fear than awe . upham I be not make for this . miller ( bitterly ) you think the rest of we be ? upham recoil . Miller instantly regret he word . he turn to upham and see that he 's really scared . Miller get a hold of himself and speak gently . miller do not worry , upham , God will protect you , this shit 's gonna keep he up all night , anyway . upham manage a slight smile . Miller watch the light for a moment more , then he pretend to shrug it off . miller let 's go , this be not what they pay we for . Captain hamill be next to snap himself out of it . he point the way . Captain hamill along the wall , about thirty yard , there 's a gate , on the other side , a drainage ditch , stay low until you clear the second field , then you will hit the wood . as Miller and he man shoulder they gear and prepare to move out , on of Captain hamill 's man , the Gentle - face private who be so interested in the talk of private Ryan , step up with a couple bandoleer of b.a.r. ammo . he offer they to reiben . Gentle - face private here . reiben look at the bandoleer and be about to give a smart - ass response , when a look at the Gentle - face private 's vulnerable expression stop the comment dead . Gentle - face private my older brother be kill at guadalcanal ... this might come in handy . reiben take the ammo . reiben ( gently ) just what I need . Miller step over , take the bandoleer from reiben and hand they back to the Gentle - face private . miller thanks , but you may need this more than we , or Ryan . Captain hamill nod to the Gentle - face private who take the ammo back . miller let 's move out . Miller and he man head off along the wall into the darkness , light intermittently by the distant flash . Captain hamill and he beleaguere man , watch they go with dread and a strange bit of hope . ext . french country side - night the final rumble of the distant artillery fade away . the night be dark . the band of six Americans make they way warily along a french cart path . sarge ease up alongside Miller and speak quietly to he . the other do not overhear . sarge how long 's you hand be shaking ? miller a couple of week . it start in Portsmouth when they bring we down for load . sarge be it get worse ? miller no . it come and go . it stop when I look at it . sarge you may have to find yourself a new line of work , this one do not seem to agree with you anymore . miller I will be alright . sarge look at Miller , closely , evaluate he , they walk on . ext . french cart path - night ( later ) farther along . the man be tired but alert . Jackson be at point . Miller behind he . the other at interval . sarge bring up the rear . a SOUND . Jackson stop . no one speak , they communicate only with hand signal . jackson signal to Miller , ten , twenty , thirty man come . miller signal for the man to get off the path . they ease into the brush . a instant later , a pair wary german infantry men appear . reiben grip he b.a.r. and look to Miller for permission to open up . Miller shake he head and signal , " let they go . " a moment later a entire platoon of german round the bend . fifty man . heavily armed . reiben breathes a sigh of relief and lower hi b.a.r . the german platoon pass , they boot no more than two foot from the face of the hide Americans . upham be wide - eye with fear . the other be stone - face . the german pass . miller motion for he man to hold they position . upham do not see the signal . he stand , breathe a sigh of relief , just as a german whip - tail squad appear , trail the platoon by thirty meter , protect they rear . upham freeze . he 's stand , barely in the shadow , nearly expose . shit brick . piss , miller prepare to fire . the whip -tail squad approach . then , the german pass , miraculously , not see upham in the shadow . they walk on and disappear . upham be weak - kneed , amaze that he 's still alive . miller shoot a devastating glare at he , then signal the rest of the man to follow he into the wood . upham scurries after Miller , stay close on he heel . ext . field - night the little band of Americans walk along the edge of a field , parallel to a cart path . wary . Miller notice Jackson and Wade drift too close to each other . he snap he finger , get they attention , and motion curtly for they to open it up a bit . they do so . ext . crossroad - night Dark . faint distant artillery . Miller check the map as sarge shine a red flashlight on a array of directional sign . one of they read : " ramelle 16 km . " Miller put away the map . check the horizon . the first glow of dawn be visible . miller it will be light , soon . let 's pick it up . ext . french countryside - dawn first light . the SOUND of distant gun have be replace by the chirping of bird . the Americans be take five . Miller stand , a bit apart from the other , look out at the view . it 's lovely . Dew shimmer on the long grass . the war be far away . upham walk next to he . they look out at the view together without speak for a moment . miller it look like a renoir . upham yes . do you know sibelius ' fourth symphony , the normandy ? miller I have be hum it . upham I hear . miller it seem appropriate . upham you know classical music ? miller some . upham where be you from , Captain ? Miller smile . miller what 's the pool up to ? upham smile , catch . upham over three -hundre . miller I will tell you what , if I be still alive when it hit five -hundre , I will let you know and we will split the money . upham if that 's the way you feel , why do not we wait until it 's up to a thousand . miller I do not expect to live that long . upham look closely at Miller and see that he mean it . upham five hundred , then . Miller take a last look at the view and allow himself to feel a overwhelming wave of sadness . then he turn himself back into a commander and bark at upham . miller let 's go , private . Miller stride away . upham watch he , try to figure he out , then he simply follow he . ext . hedgerow lane - dawn the seven Americans walk along a hedgerow lane , untouched by war . spread tree arch gently over the lane which be line with hedgerow , thick , roote mass , impenetrable , hundred of year old . Miller see smoke ahead . he motion to the man . they advance . ext. french farm - day a burn house and barn . a old french farmer kneel on the ground , weep , next to this slaughtered family , two adult woman , a adult male and a boy , no more than ten . his animal , a pair of cow and a draft horse and some pig be dead as well , shot to piece . a dead american paratrooper lie sprawle in the dirt with empty shell casing around he body . Miller and he man approach carefully . Miller motion to upham who squat down next to the french Farmer and speak gently to he in french . the farmer speak softly as if in a trance . upham stand and translate . upham five night ago , he find this paratrooper catch in a tree with a break leg . the leg get infect . last night he go to ville cholet to get a doctor . the doctor refuse to come and when he get back , this be what he find . the kraut must have show up while he be go . miller do he see any sign of they ? upham gently ask . the farmer answer . upham no , but he hear fire , just east , less that a kilometer . miller thank he and tell he we be sorry about he loss . Miller head off without glance back . the man hesitate . sarge jerk he head for they to move out . they do so . upham squat down and speak softly to the Farmer , put he hand on the man 's shoulder , then rise and follow the other . ext . hedgerow field - day a beautiful , hedgerow - line field of tall grass . the last of the dew and morning mist be just burn off . the six Americans walk carefully through the wood to the edge of the field . Miller notice something . he silently signal stop , crouch and scan the field and the hedgerow on the far side . sarge and Jackson ease up next to he . Jackson point to some tree nearby , freshly shattered and pock -mark with bullet . Wade call quietly from a tangle of root and brush . WADE Captain . stay low , they join Wade who have find : two dead american paratrooper a trail of blood and flatten grass lead from the field . miller , sarge and jackson crawl to the edge of the field , scan the far hedgerow . the other crawl up behind they . miller where ? jackson in the shadow by that two tree . miller my guess , too . upham what be it ? miller a machine gun . Miller ease back from the edge of the field into the cover of the brush . he stand and take off he pack . reiben Sir , I have get a idea , let 's go around . miller we can not leave it here . jackson we leave they eighty - eight . miller they do not send plane to put out machine gun . ( beat ) two flank runner with surpress fire . I be go right , whoever go leave have to be fast . upham steel himself and step forward . upham Sir , I run the 220 in high school . reiben he 's fast , Captain , I see he . Miller take upham 's measure . Wade laugh with a sneer . WADE how fast ? upham twenty -four-five . WADE shit , that 's nothing , I run twenty - two flat . miller Wade go leave . Wade join Miller in peel off he extra gear . upham be impressed . upham twenty - two flat ? Wade take a grenade from upham 's chest strap . WADE I would have win the state if some bastard have not trip I in the final . Miller point the other to they fire position . miller sarge , upham , here . Jackson , reiben , ten yard , either side . as they take they position , Miller and sarge speak quietly , out of earshot of the man . sarge rule of thumb , Captain , say you ought to detail this one , instead of go yourself . Miller look at the two dead paratrooper . miller yeah ? what rule of thumb be that ? sarge how about I go right , sir ? miller how about you take you position ? sarge hesitates . sarge how about ...? miller ( interrupt ) how about you shut up and take you position ? sarge nod . sarge yes , sir . sarge find a spot . Miller join Wade . Miller wait near upham as the other man settle into they fire position . upham good luck , Captain . miller do not need it , I be a cat , I have get five life . upham the man say , nine . miller what do they know ? ( beat ) I have nine , but I feel through the ice when I be seven , my brother pull I out . then I use one when a grenade land in my foxhole in Sicily , it be a dud . I figure one on the beach , one on the cliff and two get here . upham that only leave three . miller plenty . Miller see that the man be in position . he nod to Wade . miller ready ? WADE yes , sir . Miller and Wade take deep breath . Miller now . miller and WADE take off at full run . onto opposite side of the field . nothing happen for a moment . then : a heavy german machine gun open up . murderously loud . shatter the quiet . in the nest a squad of Germans , dig deep , blasting the machine gun , a big schwarzlose 8 mm , a stunningly powerful weapon . four Germans in the nest , four more outly riflemen . miller take the first FIRE . he hit the dirt . the bullet scream just over he . the machine gun swing toward WADE miller jump up and sprint WADE hit the dirt the bullet graze the back of he helmet . sarge , reiben , jackson , upham Zero the machine gun . FIRE fast as they can . they bullet thud ineffectually into the hedgerow . the machine gun swing back toward miller WADE jump up and sprint miller hit the dirt bullet smash into the ground all around Miller . sarge fire a long burst from he Thompson . no effect . piss . pop the clip . slam in another . fire . the machine gun swing from miller he rise and run . fast . almost to the far hedgerow . WADE ten more yard . too slow . a deadly row of bullet kick up dirt toward he . miller make it to the far side . scramble up the root . dive through the brush . WADE on a slight rise . can not hit the dirt . a line of bullet . desperately sprint . WADE be hit . heavy bullet rip apart he belly . he spin . go down . sarge , upham and the other be horrify . FIRE at the nest . miller struggle through the hedgerow . stumble onto the path . roll to he foot , run . swing he Thompson into fire position . Racing toward the nest . sarge and the other pour FIRE at the nest . miller tearing along the path . see a german rifleman . fire a burst . cut he down . run over the body without break stride . sarge step into the OPEN , intentionally drawing the german FIRE from Miller . the german zero sarge . bullet thud all around he . somehow he 's not hit . miller tear through the tree . blast he Thompson . cut down two more german riflemen . grab a grenade . pull the pin . the nest the Germans see Miller come . wheel from sarge . too late . miller throws the grenade , veer and dive . the grenade explode . the four Germans in the nest be kill . sarge holler to the other . sarge hold you FIRE ! miller roll to he foot . FIRE another burst . kill the last of the german riflemen . do not pause . run onto the field . sarge and the other see Miller run toward Wade . they instantly race onto the field . WADE lies in the grass . holding he belly . astonish by the pain . all the AMERICANS run converge on Wade . Miller point , and yell , without slow down . miller reiben , upham , perimeter ! cover ! reiben and upham stop instantly . turn toward the perimeter of the field . sarge root through he medical kit as he run . drop and scatter inessential behind he . WADE Wide -ey . not even writhe . too much pain . miller and sarge get to WADE throw themselves onto the ground next to he . they both tear out sulfa-pack . sarge frantically fumble . ripping one open . powder spill . reiben and upham repeatedly glance back at Wade . sarge pull Wade 's hand from the wound . pour sulfa powder . miller about to pour he sulfa . see the wound . stop . know it 's fatal . miller damn it ! throw the sulfa aside . quickly pull out a morphine pack . sarge fumble with a second sulfa bag . sarge sulfa , more sulfa ... WADE frozen in agony . look at Miller . see he prepare the morphine shot . they both know . WADE yeah ... morphine ... make it a double ... huh ... Captain ...? miller shove the needle into Wade 's neck . thick vein . pump the morphine straight to Wade 's brain . motion impatiently to sarge . miller more morphine , hurry up , come on , come on ... sarge hesitates . then drop he sulfa . fumble in he pack . find the morphine . miller snatch the morphine from sarge . quickly and efficiently prepare a second shot . he 's do this before . reiben on guard , glance back . piss off . reiben goddamn it ... goddamn it ... goddamn it ... upham freak out . try to keep he eye on the perimeter . can not . jackson watch . miller give Wade the second shot . WADE feel the effect of the first shot . he see upham and manage a pain smile . WADE lock eye with miller . look at he without blame , without forgiveness . drift with the morphine . then : WADE die all be frozen in place upham begin to weep . reiben furiously mutter : reiben goddamn it ... goddamn it ... goddamn it ... miller be silent . motionless . he gently close Wade 's eye . his hand quiver slightly as he unclip one of wade dogtag . he fumble and drop it . sarge notice . Miller stare at he hand and steady it before the man see . he pick up the dogtag and pocket it . then Miller carefully re-pack the un-use morphine and sulfa , rise and pick up he Thompson . upham shake he head . upham that be no twenty - two flat . Miller slam a fresh clip into he Thompson . miller he lie . let 's move out . Miller turn and walk away without look back . the man hesitate , then slowly follow he . ext . french country cow path - day a narrow footpath , arched over by tree , almost a tunnel . the five g.i. 's walk , spread out . reiben fuck private James Ryan , fuck he , just fuck the goddamn son-of - a - bitch . jackson shut up , will you ? reiben you shut up , this be the most fuck up mission I ever hear of . goddamn Ryan , fuck the little bastard . jackson just shut up , Ryan do not kill Wade . reiben the hell he do not . Miller motion to they curtly . miller keep it down . they shut up . Miller fall in step to sarge . speak quietly , the man do not hear . miller we have get to find someplace to hole up for a bit . sarge look at Miller closely . sarge you alright ? miller let 's just find someplace . ext . narrow gully - day Miller lead the man into a heavily overgrown gully . a good hide place . miller Rest . one hour . Jackson , reiben , perimeter . keep you eye open . I be go to re-con . Miller speak authoritatively and say the right thing , but there 's something miss . it 's subtle . only sarge notice . he watch Miller head off into the brush alone . ext . SMALL clearing - day Miller walk into a small clear , slow then stop . the life drain from he . he stand there , look at the dirt , tilting he head , this way and that , as if listen for faint , distant voice . his face show a battle raging within , as he fight to keep from lose it entirely . behind he , sarge step to the edge of the clear and watch . Miller sense he presence , turn and look at he if he be a thousand mile away . sarge sit down on a log and wait . miller what be the name of that kid at anzio , the one who get he face burn off ? sarge vecchio . miller yeah , vecchio , I could not remember he name , he be a good kid , remember how he use to walk on he hand and sing that song about the man on fly trapeze ? sarge yeah . miller you know why I be such a good officer ? because of my mother . have I ever tell you about she ? sarge bit and piece . miller she 's the best poker player you ever see . my father use to go to this Saturday night game and lose he shirt . finally , my mother give he a ultimatum , either she get a regular seat at the table or she lock he in every Saturday night . he squawk and so do he buddy but after a while they give in and from the first night she sit down , she never lose . she could read that cocky bastard like they be play open hand . and he bluff ? he have sixteen level of bullshit . her eye , the tone of she voice , she bet , she joke , the way she sipped she coffee , she be a master . she win more money on shit hand than anyone in the history of the game . every Saturday night , my father would lose two , three hundred buck and she would win it all back and then some . and I would stand there , glue to she shoulder , from the time I be five year old , watch every hand , every move , study how she do it . ( beat ) that 's why I be such a good officer , I can look at a man 's face and tell you exactly what he 's hold , and if it 's a shit hand , I know just what card to deal he . sarge and what about you own hand ? miller no problem . a pair of deuce ? less ? so what ? I bluff . it use to tear I apart when I would get one of my man kill , but what be I suppose to do ? break down in front of the one who be stand there wait for I to tell they what to do ? of course not , so I bluff , and after a while , I start to fall for my own bluff . it be great , it make everything so much easier . sarge be that why you hand 's be shaking ? miller it could be worse . you know the first thing they teach you at o.c.s .? lie to you man . sarge oh , yeah ? miller not in so many word , but they tell you you can have all the firepower in the world and if you man do not have good morale , it 's not worth a damn . so if you be scared or empty or half - a- step from a section eight , do you tell you man ? of course not . you bluff , you lie . sarge and how do you bluff yourself ? miller simple , number . every time you kill one of you man , you tell yourself you just save the life of two , three , ten , a hundred other . we lose , what , thirty - one on the cliff ? I will bet we save ten time that number by put out that gun . that 's over three hundred man . maybe five hundred . a thousand . then thousand . any number you want . see ? it 's simple . it let you always choose mission over man . sarge except this time , the mission be a man . miller that 's the rub . I like Wade . who 's Ryan ? if they be both stand in front of I and I have to shoot one or the other , how do I choose ? look at my hand , there it go again . sarge John , I have get to tell you , I think you be about use up . miller I think you be right , keith . sarge you want I to take over ? the question help Miller pull himself back together . he look at he hand and force it to stop shaking again . miller no , but if I get any worse , you will have to relieve I . sarge ( sigh ) just what I want to do . they share a smile . miller you know Wade be the eleventh of the twelve , you be the last one still alive . sarge I know . miller do not let yourself get kill , if you do , they might make I give back the medal and then I will not be able to lip off to colonel anymore . sarge I will do my best . they shake they head at the madness of it all . Miller Hell of a ... ( beat ) ah , forget it . Miller pick up he Thompson and look around , re-orienting himself . he 's about ninety - five percent there . miller thanks for draw that machine gun off I . sarge you be welcome , John . miller but , that 's my personal brand of stupidity , I feel kind of proprietary about it , if you do it again , you be bust . sarge allow himself a slight smile . sarge yes , sir . Miller jerk he head for sarge to follow . they head back to the man . ext . clearing - day the man be all in they private world , think of Wade . no talk . Miller and sarge walk back into the clear . Miller bark at the man . miller up. we be move out . reiben I think you say we have a hour , sir ? miller well now I be say we be move out . get off you ass . the man get up . Jackson be a bit slow . miller what the hell 's the matter with you , Jackson ? jackson Sir , I be not feel so chipper on account of Wade . miller who 's Wade ? no one respond . miller I say , who the hell be Wade ? the man exchange look . Jackson speak for they . jackson Sir , I understand what you be doin ' , but I respectfully request permission to grieve in my own manner . miller you will grieve the way I tell you to goddamn grieve . there be no Wade , there be one , but he die a long time ago , he 's be dead for so long you can hardly remember he name , you understand ? jackson Sir , I understand . I do not like it , but I understand . miller good , now get you goddamn gear . the man pick up they equipment and prepare to move out . sarge and Miller exchange a silent look . Miller shake he head to himself , amaze that the man still allow this shit to work . he know they have no choice . ext . french road - day Miller and he man walk along the road . the man be silent , grim . ext . french path - day Miller check he map . figure out where they be . fold up the map , point the way and they move out . ext . french field - day more progress . the man be still grim . reiben you know what the best possible thing that could happen be ? jackson yep , you step on a rusty nail , get lockjaw , never say another word as long as you live . Miller laugh . Miller I will bite , reiben . reiben I have give this a lot of think , sir . the best thing that could happen be , we find Ryan and he 's dead . miller why 's that ? reiben well , sir , consider the possibility . a : Ryan be alive . we have to take he back to the beach . know you , you do not let he carry my gear , even though he really should , and we all get kill , try to keep he alive . miller except for the last part , that one 's not bad . reiben B : Ryan be dead . he 's be blow up by the german equivalent of Wade , whose name I know you do not want I to mention . there 's nothing to find . the biggest piece be the size of a pea . we wander around , look for he until the Germans pick we off , one after another . miller I do not like that one . reiben neither do I , sir . C : and this be the worst one , we find Ryan and he 's wounded . not only do he not carry my gear , we have to carry he gear . and he . miller but we accomplish the mission . reiben maybe . but what if he die on the way back ? you see what I be say , sir ? the best possible situation be , he 's dead , we find he body , more or less intact , we grab one of he dog- tag and high - tail it back to the beach , or better yet , we head over to caen and catch up with division . miller have anyone ever tell you , you be officer material ? reiben no , sir . miller that 's a mystery to I . no one smile , but they trudge a bit less . ext . crossroad - day the SOUND of heavy firing . Miller check a map in the brush near the crossroad . a sign read : " ramelle 3 km . " Miller fold up the map . sarge look like we be go to beat that kraut company to ramelle . suddenly Miller stop dead . he listen , hearing something the other do not hear . he motion for they to freeze , they do . the SOUND grow louder . it 's a ominous rumble . miller I do not think so . ext . french road - day the rumble turn into the roar of a big german convoy . troop truck , armored personnel carrier , a regiment of crack wehrmacht troops . heavily armed . impose . cross a bridge . camera pan down to reveal Miller and he man crowded into a culvert under the bridge . brush and debris partially shield the end of the culvert . german flank squad hurry along the field on either side of the road , try to keep up with the vehicle . miller and he men catch a glimpse of a approach german flank squad . they flatten themselves into the mucky water . ready they weapon . prepare to fire . the german squad approach the bridge . pair of german private see the culvert obscure by brush . move to check it out . miller be just about to open up on they . the german sergeant see he flank squad lag behind and call to they . the german private obey . hurry after the rest of the convoy . in the culvert the Americans breathe again . upham I wonder where they be go . miller same place we be . Jackson , at the mouth of the culvert , motion that the coast be clear . they head out . ext . outskirt of ramelle - day a gently - slope valley with scattered farm cottage and small , cultivate field , border by ancient , moss - cover stone wall . the twos be visible beyond . Miller and he man crouch - run to the cover of one of the stone wall . Miller pull out he binocular . on the far side of the field there 's a large gather of german troops and vehicle . miller scan the Germans with he binocular . reiben look like tea time , maybe they be brit . upham I sure hope so . sarge what do you think they be wait for , Captain ? just then they hear a ominous rumble , deeper and more threaten that that of the convoy . the sound get louder and louder . Miller and he man exchange look . they know that sound , they do not like it . four massive german tank appear down the road , head for the german soldier who greet they enthusiastically . the tank be tiger , huge , far bigger than a american sherman . each one , sixty - two ton , with a big 88 - mm gun , four heavy machine gun and impregnable armor . each one , a infantryman 's nightmare . there be four of they . miller put away the binocular and jerk he head for he man to follow , low , along the wall . the man be happy to do so , look back nervously at the german tank . ext . town square - ramelle - day the sound of sporadic SMALL arm FIRE . the town square be a desert battlefield , litter with burn debris , shell casing and body , german and american and a few french civilian . Miller and he man enter the square , weapon ready , leap - frogging from doorway to doorway . Miller and sarge crouch - run to the cover of some overhange debris . they listen , try to pinpoint the exact source of the fire . sarge motion he guess . Miller nod in agreement . he signal for the man to follow he around , not toward , the fire . they move on , dash from cover to cover . ext . bridge - ramelle - day a dozen american paratrooper on the bridge exchange sporadic FIRE with a few german sniper hide in the building near the bridgehead . the bridge have clearly be the scene of heavy fight . crater , burn debris and shell casing be everywhere . the bridge be intact , only slightly damage . there be dozen of german body along the riverbank on both side of the bridge . miller and he men crouch - run and take cover as they get within sight of the bridge . reiben look like they have be have a hell of a party , here , Captain . miller on the bridge ! we're coming in . a young but griz*le voice call back . voice from bridge kiss my ass , fritz . miller you FIRE at US and i'll do a hell of a lot more than that . voice from bridge who won the ' 38 army - navy game ? Miller turn to he man . they all come up empty . miller I have no fucking idea . here we come . ( to he man ) cover I . reiben what if we guy open up , sir ? miller you be only allow to shoot at Germans , that 's one of the rule . reiben have it you way , Captain . Miller take a breath , then dash out into the open , toward the bridge . the german sniper OPEN up bullet smash into the ground around Miller . miller' men pour FIRE at the german position , surpressing the german FIRE . on the bridge the paratrooper pour a heavy stream of bullet at the german position . Miller make it to the bridge and dive over a defensive jumble of crate , sandbag and body . he find himself next to sergeant bill forrest who be the young but grizzle voice that call out . with forrest be some very wear - out , young american paratrooper . Miller catch he breath . forrest navy , sir , twenty - one to nineteen . they win on a field goal in overtime . miller I will keep it in mind . ( call to sarge ) okay , sarge , one at a time . Miller and the paratrooper FIRE cover for Miller 's man as they come in . Miller and forrest alternately take and FIRE . forrest be we glad to see you , sir , we be suppose to hold this bridge for twenty - four hour , it 's be six day . miller thing be tough all over . we be look for a private James Ryan . forrest Ryan ? miller be he here ? forrest motion to one of the paratrooper . forrest go get Ryan . ( to miller ) what do you want he for , sir ? Miller do not answer . Jackson leap over the barricade and scramble to they . miller Jackson , get a hold of command . Jackson crank up the five-thirty - five . Miller turn to forrest . miller how many man do you have ? they pause to FIRE , cover sarge , the last of Miller 's man to leap over the barricade . forrest eleven , sir . we start with thirty - six . the bridge be easy to take but the kraut have be come back at we ever since . they must want it intact or we would be long go . Jackson speak into the radio handset , repeat Miller 's hail i.d. no response . jackson not yet . miller keep try . forrest Sir , what do you want with Ryan ? Miller do not answer , he look past forrest and see : private jame ryan dash from cover to cover , make he way toward they . Ryan be a american classic , nineteen year old , earthy , handsome , sharp , cocky . though he 's exhaust , unshaven , and smear with dirt and blood , he 's very alive . his eye shine , he face have a spark . you can not help but love this kid . miller be men all watch Ryan run toward they . jackson so , that 's Ryan . reiben look like a flame asshole to I . they eye remain glue to Ryan as he make it to the barricade . he salute Miller . reiben I be Ryan , sir . you want to see I ? Miller look at Ryan for a moment , amaze that he 's finally face - to - face with he . Ryan wait . Miller hesitates , search for word . then he speak gently but clearly . Miller private , I have get some bad news for you . you brother have be kill in action . the life instantly drain from Ryan . his breath come hard . somehow he remain upright . Ryan all three ? miller yes . Ryan sway . Miller grab he and ease he back , lean he against some sandbag . the paratrooper be stunne at the news . they look at Ryan , there 's nothing else they can do . miller be men also look at Ryan , but then , one after another , they turn away , advert they eye , look a they own boot , the debris on the bridge , the sky , anything other than Ryan . miller we have be send to get you out of here . you be go home . Ryan weakly wave Miller off . Miller motion to he man and the paratrooper to move away . they do so , give Ryan a little room . forrest Three brother , the poor son-of - a-bitch . miller sergeant , we be move out and I be take you and you man with I . forrest but , sir , we order be clear , we be to hold this bridge until we be relieved by forward element of the twenty - ninth division . miller I be give you new order , sergeant . forrest Sir , you can not do that , this order be from command . miller I be not go to leave you and you man here to get kill . get they together , we be move out . a voice from behind they speak simply , clearly , firmly . ryan ( o.s. ) no , sir . they all turn and see Ryan stand there . Miller be about to automatically rip Ryan a new asshole for contradict he , but he quickly calm himself , gently touch Ryan on the arm and speak softly to he . miller come on , private , you be go home . Ryan jerk away from Miller . ryan no , sir . all eye be on Miller and Ryan . Miller remain patient . miller private . I be sorry about you brother but stay here and get yourself kill be not go to help . ryan Sir , if the kraut be hold this bridge when division show up , we guy be go to be sit duck . miller this bridge can not be hold . the Germans have two company less than three mile from here . they have tank . that news clearly affect Ryan and the other paratrooper , but Ryan hold he ground . Ryan Sir , I be still not go . Miller speak with restrain , but grow , anger . miller private , if you want to commit suicide , that 's you choice , but you be go to have to wait until after I get you back to the beach . and you be not go to take this man with you . Ryan stand eye- to- eye with Miller . ryan I be not leave , sir . Miller start to boil over . miller the hell you be not , you be comin ' with I if I have to drag you every inch of the way . you hear I , private ? ryan I hear you sir , but I be not leave . Miller grab Ryan by the lapel and shake he . Ryan do not resist . miller listen you little son-of -a-bitch you be come with I or I will ... I will ... Ryan speak softly . ryan what be you go to do , sir , shoot I ? Miller consider it . then reiben speak up from behind Miller . reiben ( politely ) uh , excuse I , Captain . Miller slowly turn and glare . reiben ( continue ) so , what be a few tank , sir ? Miller 's more amaze than piss off . reiben smile . reiben ( continue ) he 's right , we can not shoot he ... well , we could but we would get in a enormous amount of trouble . and he 's right about the bridge , it 's a hell of a lot more important than he be . jackson step forward . jackson cap and ...? Miller turn he glare on Jackson . jackson ( continue ) seem to I , we get we a opportunity , here , to kill two bird with one stone . Command seem to think keepin ' this boy alive be worth somethin' . if we be to do that and hold this bridge , good chance we would get we a bucket full of medal . I might even get I one 'a they big , fancy one like you get , so 's I could sass any officer in the whole dang army , you include . Miller do a slow burn . upham step forward upham I would like to stay , too , Captain . miller you do not count . sarge step up sarge I do and personally , I would rather get the hell out of here , but somebody 's get to stay and take care of you and this pin-head private of yours . Miller look at forrest and the paratrooper . forrest we be not plan on go anywhere , sir . reiben smile . reiben see , Captain ? the vote 's unanimous . Miller 's eye almost pop out of he head . Miller the vote ? what the hell be you talk about ? we do not vote . this be not a democracy . this be the army , I give order , you follow they . we do not vote ! reiben yes , sir , of course , sir , I be merely speak hypothetically . if this be a voting situation , then the vote would have be unanimous . but of course , it 's not a voting situation , you be the captain , and you give the order , sir . miller you be goddamn right , I give the order . vote ! Jesus Christ ! listen to I , you little pissant piece of shit , I be the rank officer here and what I say go , be that clear ? they all quickly nod . jackson yes , sir . reiben of course , sir . all the other yes , sir . yes , sir . Miller look from face to face . miller in that case ... ( beat ) I vote we stay . that 's what they want to hear . Miller do not give they time to enjoy it , he immediately start bark order . miller reiben , the b.a.r. , there . Jackson , get up on the bridgekeeper hut with you sniper rifle . sarge , you and upham move that machine gun so it can cover the leave flank , it 's worthless where it be . forrest , I want a full inventory of all you weapon , ammo and ordnance . go . they all hurry off , except for Ryan who lock eye with Miller for a moment . ryan thank you , sir . miller ( gruffly gentle ) yeah , yeah . I want you right next to I , no matter where I go , you understand ? Ryan salute . ryan yes , sir . miller alright , come with I . Miller shake he head at himself and stride off to check the defensive perimeter with Ryan at he side . ext . bridge - day Miller and reiben watch as forrest , Ryan and a couple other paratrooper lay out they weapon and ammo inventory . forrest two machine gun , twenty - two grenade , two gammon grenade , six satchel charge , twenty - six m - 1's , eight Tommy gun and about sixty round per man . miller that 's it ? reiben look at the sparse array of weaponry . reiben Sir , can I change my vote ? Miller sigh , worried . ext . bridgekeeper be hut - day Jackson , perch on the bridgekeeper hut , protect by a crescent of sandbag . his eye be at he scope . he fire . a german sniper Falls from a window on the edge of town , dead . upham sit beside Jackson with a pair of binocular , search for another target . the german sniper fire have subside for now . ext. bridge - day Miller watch as Ryan and several other paratrooper dig a series of trenches across the street , lead to the bridge . reiben , Jackson and upham , stone -face , watch Ryan . Miller eye the building near the bridge head . he speak to sarge who hold several satchel charge . miller sarge , see what you can do to make that building inhospitable . sarge yes , sir . just then they hear the sound of a big gun firing in the distance . they all turn at the sound . upham eighty -eight , right ? Miller nod . upham I can tell what the gunner have for dinner . miller that gun be close . forrest just south of town . the kraut have a two gun emplacement , we see it on the way in . that 's how we know they want the bridge intact , they do not blow the crap out of we . miller let 's hope they do not change they mind . upham listen to the eighty - eight with particular interest . int . build - day within sight of the bridge . sarge carefully plant a wire - trigger satchel charge at the door of the building . he set the wire , then carefully back away . ext . bridge - evening reiben and Ryan pile sandbag , finish a forward machine gun nest . Miller look around , evaluate , sarge and upham at he side . sarge what do you think ? miller well , if we have ten time the man and a lot more ammo , we might stand a chance , but not against that tank . sarge what be we go to do ? miller we be go to hope like hell the tank be on they way somewhere else . reiben maybe caen . miller let 's hope , because we be sure as hell not go to do any damage to they with what we have here . upham what about we grenade ? miller that be Tigers , they have six - inch armor , they do not even notice grenade . upham would they notice and eighty - eight ? miller sure , you get one ? upham the Germans do . Miller be stone - face , then he smile . miller upham , go find Jackson , he and I be go hunt . upham run off . sarge shake he head . sarge uh , oh . miller out of the mouth of babe . ext . bridgehead - night Dark . Miller , Jackson and forrest darken they face with blacken soot . the rest of Miller 's man and several paratrooper , include Ryan , look on . upham be distress . upham it be my idea , sir , you have get to let I go . miller upham , you have get to learn the difference between whining and gripe . you can not just rely on natural ability , you have get to study and practice . upham but , sir ... miller there you go again , that 's whining , that 's not okay . upham goddamn it , sir ... miller that 's better , but you have still get a long way to go . talk to reiben , he 's a natural and work at it , he will give you some pointer . reiben leave he to I , Captain , I will have he pissing and moan with the best of we . miller see to it . ryan step up to Miller . ryan I would like to go , sir . miller no , private , I want you to stay here , keep you head down , do not do anything brave or stupid . reiben be not they the same thing , sir ? Miller smile . miller reiben , I do not know what I would do without you . sarge , keep Ryan close to you and alive . sarge yes , sir . Miller check Jackson and forrest . miller you ready ? forrest yes , sir . jackson you betcha , sir . Miller , forrest and Jackson prepare to move out . reiben ( southern accent ) y'all come back . jackson reiben , be you makin ' fun 'a the way I talk ? reiben ( heavy southern accent ) Hell , no ! Jackson shoot he a glare , then he follow Miller and forrest into the darkness . sarge , Ryan and the other watch they go . ext . german eighty -eight emplacement - night a german eighty - eight fire , send its big shell into the night . it 's eight - man crew re-load . in the darkness a slight movement . it 's Miller . he crawl to the edge of the emplacement and freeze in the shadow . a moment later he 's join by forrest . a moment after that , Jackson silently crawl up to they . miller eye the emplacement . look for a weakness . there be none . he motion to forrest and Jackson to wait . the three of they settle into the darkness . ext . machine gun nest - bridge - night sarge , upham and reiben sit with Ryan in the darkness . Ryan be lose in think , far away . one after another , Miller 's man eye he . sarge private , I be sorry about you brother . Ryan nod . then , with some difficulty , he make the trip from Iowa back to France . he turn to sarge . Ryan what be the name of the guy who get kill come up here ? sarge Wade . ryan Wade . huh , he die come up here to keep I alive ... I never meet he ... he do not know I from Adam , strange . what be he like ? sarge a good man , kind of cheerful , reiben , here , use to call he a happy idiot . reiben like hell , I do . ryan my brother would be mighty piss off at I , if they know I let some guy get kill try to keep I alive . sarge you do not let anybody get kill , you do not even know we be come up here . ryan sure , I know , but ... ( sigh ) goddamn it all ... the other nod in agreement . they look closely at Ryan . ext . german eighty -eight emplacement - night Dark . no fire . two german soldier on watch . a shadow it 's Miller . ease through the darkness . closer to one of the sentries . Miller see Jackson ease up behind another sentry . Miller nod to Jackson . they move at the same moment . behind the sentries . slit there throat . behind the eighty -eight forrest remove the wheel - block . a german sentry approach . he see forrest . just as he 's about to open up with he sub-machine gun , Miller grab he from behind , stab he , ease the body silently to the ground . miller and jackson join forrest at the eighty -eight . together they attach the eighty - eight 's carriage to the german 's truck . another german sentry round a corner . see they . open up with he sub -machine gun . forrest dive , fire back . other german Race over , firing . jackson cover they , open up . kill the advance Germans . miller frantically attaches the eighty - eight to the truck . forrest cut down , several more Germans . jackson take a grazing shot in the shoulder . spin . still firing . give Miller cover . miller leap into the cab of the truck . jackson and forrest leap into the back . jackson fire into the approach Germans . the windshield be shattered by bullet . Glass fly everywhere , cut Miller on the face and hand . forrest in the back of the truck . spray the Germans with he Thompson . miller floors it . the truck drive through the Germans . the Germans FIRE at the truck and trail eighty - eight . miller , jackson and forrest drive into the night . the Germans firing after they . ext . road leading to the bridge - night Miller , Jackson and forrest barrel down the road through a gauntlet of Germans . as they approach the bridge , the other american 's FIRE cover for they . Miller drive the truck onto the bridge . smashes into the sandbags the other AMERICANS , with Ryan in the lead , leap over the barricade and drag the capture eighty - eight onto the bridge . miller ryan ! get back there ! Ryan ignore he . they get the eighty - eight safely behind the barricade . Miller grab Ryan . ryan sorry , sir . Miller fume . he see reiben , sarge and upham , shrugging , clearly not piss at Ryan . miller do not do that again . ryan I will not need to sir , it 's already here , behind the barricade so ... Miller growls . ryan yes , sir . Miller glare at Ryan , then stride off . ext . field - night Miller and upham carefully dig up a german mine . very gingerly they place it on a grow pile of other mine . ext . road leading to bridge - night Miller and Ryan lay a mine into the dirt . they cover it and step back carefully . then they proceed with the next . upham be cover they track while Jackson be digging the hole in which they will place the rest of the mine . ext . bridge - night quiet . Dark . everything be ready . there 's nothing to do now but wait . on the bridgekeeper hut reiben and Jackson sit behind the sandbag . they can see Ryan sit in the moonlight about twenty yard away , man the rear machine gun nest with sarge . reiben what do you think ? jackson I think I be we get that eighty - eight . reiben I mean , Ryan , what do you think of he ? Jackson shrug . jackson he be not half - bad , I guess . reiben I guess . they be quiet for a moment . jackson he be not Wade . reiben nope , he be not Wade . they eye keep come back to Ryan . miller crouch -run through the shadow and stop at the bridgekeeper hut . miller reiben ... Miller point , direct reiben to the forward machine gun nest . reiben yes , sir . reiben jump down and move forward . miller run across the bridge and join sarge and Ryan in the rear machine gun nest . miller you set ? sarge nod . ryan yes , sir . Miller and sarge exchange a look . then Miller slip off to check the other . ext . bridge - dawn first light . the Americans be ready for battle . we see they in they position : reiben and upham man the forward machine gun nest . jackson behind the sandbag , on top of the bridgekeeper 's hut . forrest and the paratrooper behind the second of two barricade set up between the forward and the rear machine gun nest . ryan and sarge man rear machine gun . miller at the bridgehead , wait . SOUND from down the road all eye turn . single german soldier dash across the street . expose only for a instant . then another . and another . miller cock he Thompson . settles down behind some sandbag . miller here they come ! a rush of german advance , blasting at the bridge . the AMERICANS return FIRE reiben open up with the machine gun . the german at least fifty of they , advance on the bridge . running from cover to cover . a squad push a french truck , use it as a shield . jackson calmly pick off the attack Germans . the german infantrymen make they way down the street . along the riverbank . through the house . there be german firing from all direction . reiben fire in arc . miller see reiben and upham be cut off . grab the b.a.r. , stand and fire . reiben and upham running out of ammo . see that there 's nothing else they can do . reiben time to go . reiben roll out of the nest , carry the fifty caliber . upham follow , carry the ammo box . they run as fast as they can . the other AMERICANS FIRE cover reiben take a glance slug . Falls . roll and get up . bleed from the side , but not mortal . upham help he . they make it to the sandbags of the first barricade . dive over . the Germans be almost on they . ryan be firing with the rear machine gun . drop several Germans . german everywhere they swarm over the first barricade . miller fire a burst into a german 's belly . hit another with the stock of he Thompson . hand-to-hand . forrest and the other paratrooper firing cover for Miller , reiben and upham , do not see a flanking Germans squad ease along the riverbank . two of the Germans lob potato masher among the paratrooper . the paratrooper see the grenade . too late . the potato masher explode killing forrest and the other paratrooper ryan sees forrest and the other die no time to react . hand -to-hand fighting half a dozen Germans break through . Miller kill two more with a burst . ryan be jump on by one . upham fire . kill the german . miller struggle with a pair of Germans . jackson fire . drop one of the Germans on Miller with a head shot . cut open Miller 's face with bit of skull . ryan leap onto the final german attack Miller . that german raise he rifle on Ryan . upham and reiben and jackson all see it . simultaneously shoot the german . the stunned german about to kill Ryan . torn apart by bullet from three direction . upham I get he . reiben like hell you do , I get he . jackson smile he get he . miller slam in a fresh clip . fire a arc . drop four Germans . see a oncoming rush of german . bark to reiben and upham : miller back ! let' go ! they retreat , fire back as best they can , try to make it to the barricade . sarge see they in deep trouble . leave Ryan fire the rear machine gun . grab the b.a.r. advance , firing cover . expose . bullet everywhere miller , reiben , upham make it to the barricade . dive over . sarge see they have make it . fire a final burst . race for cover . a trail of bullet right behind he . the other AMERICANS FIRE for all they be worth . try to cover sarge . too many Germans . sarge take a shot in the back . fall . miller and the other continue to fire , horrify . sarge struggle to he feet cradle the b.a.r. stumble toward cover . slow . bleed . the AMERICANS desperately try to cover he . the german open up with a volley . sarge be almost there . all the AMERICANS stand and FIRE as best they can . right past sarge . it 's not enough . sarge five foot from the sandbag , he back be torn apart by Germans fire . he look down , stunne at he chest . amaze to see gaping hole . a instant of surprise , more than fear . he look to Miller . take two more stumbling step . Falls onto the sandbag . drop the b.a.r. over the edge . dies. the AMERICANS FIRE madly , continuously the german who kill sarge be kill . the other back off for now . reiben , upham , jackson , ryan fire at the retreate Germans . miller grab sarge and pull he over the barricade . see that he 's dead . the german retreat . around the corner . miller stun , lay sarge down , kneel next to he . the other watch , start to gather . reiben goddamn it ... goddamn it ... goddamn it ... miller get back to you position ! they hesitate . miller go ! they follow the order . all except Ryan , who do not move . he can not take he eye off sarge . miller do not move . he just stare at sarge 's body . ryan look at Miller , see he grow weak , start to sway . he gently try to move Miller aside . ryan I will take care of sarge ... Miller look up at Ryan , then back at sarge 's body . Miller grow cold , make the same startling transformation he make as he kneele over Wade 's body . miller sarge ? who 's sarge ? but this time it do not work . he can not make it stick . the hard expression , disappear . he drift , utterly lose . he 's call he own bluff . ext . bridge - night dark. quiet . the distant gun be silent for once . wait . reiben , upham , Jackson , Ryan and Miller have tightened they perimeter . Miller be in a trance . the other glance at he nervously . they eat in silence . k-ration . some bread . a last supper . then , from out of nowhere , Miller speak : miller English teacher , addley , Pennsylvania . slowly , Miller 's man turn to he . upham what would you say , Captain ? miller I teach English at addley High School in addley , Pennsylvania . reiben well , I will be goddamn , I know it . jackson like hell , you do . upham Captain , what about we deal ? miller I change my mind . reiben what deal ? miller I coach the baseball team , too . jackson no kiddin' ? reiben what deal ? upham forget it . they all sit in silence . miller you know that cruise ship Wade 's grandfather be on ? they all nod , except Ryan who do not know what Miller 's talk about . miller ( continue ) I wonder if he cabin be still available ? reiben that 's not where I be . Miller no ? where be you ? reiben I be in a dress room with Mrs. Rachel troubowitz , we super 's wife . she 's a easy forty - four , double E , but I have convinced she she 's a thirty - eight D and I be watch she try and squeeze herself into a side -stay , silk -ribbone , three - panel girdle with 's helf - lift brassiere . ( smile ) she 's have a devil of a time , get into that thing . they all share reiben 's dream for a moment . then Jackson smile . jackson I ? I be walk with my hound , Lucy , it 's about a hour ' fore sunrise and we be out huntin ' coon . I get I a flask of pure kentucky mash whiskey ... reiben Jackson , how many time I get to tell you , you be from Tennessee . jackson I be , but I like import whiskey . so there I be and I hear the biggest ole ' coon you ever do hear , 'a rustlin ' right there in front of I . that ole ' boy come right out of the brush , I get a clear shot and he know he 's ' bout to meet he maker . I aim , I get my finger tight on the trigger and then I just smile and say to that ole ' coon , go on , now , you get out 'a here . then I sit down on a hollow log and take I a right long pull a' that mash whiskey . upham smile . upham I do not know , I kind of like Wade 's idea about the cruise ship . I have never be to tahiti . reiben what about you , Captain ? Miller smile . he know exactly where he be . miller I be in my backyard , lie in my hammock , with my arm around my wife , listen for the sound of break glass . jackson say what , cap and ? miller you see , I have get the best house in all of addley . it 's not the biggest house , but it 's get the best location , right next to the junior high baseball field . the garage window face leave field . the guy who own the house before I have this heavy screen S put over they . the first thing I do when I buy the place be take off that screen . two-hundred - twenty - two yard from home plate to my garage window . it take a hell of a junior high kid to hit a ball that far . I look at my garage window as a motivator and a way to scout the kid come up , the one who be go to give we a shot at the state championship . I lay there in my hammock and every time I hear the sound of break glass , I know we be one step closer to win it all . jackson do not that get kind of expensive , cap and ? miller it 's worth it . jackson to each , he own . they be all silent for a moment . then Miller turn to Ryan . miller how about you , James ? Ryan sigh . ryan I be home , play basketball with my brother , it 's evenin ' time , we be try ' to get in a few more point before it 's too dark to see the ball . that 's where I be . they all nod . Miller tear off a piece of bread and pass it to Ryan who tear off a bit and pass it on . they all eat in silence . ext . outskirt of ramelle - dawn first light . Lovely . Dew shimmer . a ground fog drift . a SOUND . louder . and louder . a german TIGER tank rumble toward the village . ext . bridge - ramelle - dawn all be awake . at they position . wait . miller hear the faint distant rumble of the tank . barely have time to react . see : the german advancing again miller here they come . reiben fire a burst . Germans drop . miller fire a burst . more Germans drop . the german keep coming lot of they . move from cover to cover . firing . miller man the forward machine gun . Way out front . see that he 's go to be cut off . he grab the hot gun . the barrel burn into he flesh . he ignore the pain and run back toward the bridge . he dive over the sandbag . barely make it . trailed by bullet . the german take position near the bridge . move in . firing . overwhelm . they be everywhere . three german break through the perimeter . ryan shoot one . grapple with the other two . reiben see Ryan . race over . shoot one german . stab the other . ryan fall back . stun , unhurt . reiben only give he a quick look . get to the machine gun . open up against the Germans who be still come . fire a long burst . Germans drop . miller fire again . more Germans drop . the german take position in the building near the bridge . they start work they way to the top of the nearby building . make they way along the riverbank . reiben and ryan forward . reiben firing . Ryan feed the ammo belt . reiben more ammo ! upham hear that . do not hesitate . he grab a pair of ammo box . run toward reiben and Ryan . several german zero upham OPEN up on he . bullet trail upham . he 's outrun they . almost there . upham take half-a-dozen slug . torn apart . stumble the final few step to the machine gun nest . Falls on the sandbag , give reiben and Ryan the ammo . upham' dead . ryan stunned . for just a micro-second . no time . grab the ammo . reiben firing . Ryan clip the new ammo belt onto the tail of the one almost out . reiben continue firing . cutting down the advance Germans . the german start to fall back miller know what that mean . he hear the rumble of the tank . miller tighten it up ! here they come ! ryan and reiben immediately grab the machine gun and ammo and race back to the rear nest . then ryan and miller converge at the eighty - eight . the first tank appear huge . terrify . clank . trailed by two german infantry platoon . jackson on the bridgekeeper 's hut . pick off german soldier who follow the tank . a german infantryman spot jackson . holler into the tank voice-tube . the tank stop . grind its gear . turn it 's turret towards the bridgekeeper hut . miller jackson ! jackson know what 's come but he hold he position , continue to pick off german soldier . the tank blast the bridgekeeper's hut and jackson be obliterated in the explosion . miller and ryan see jackson die . a bare moment to react . then , they turn they attention back to the eighty - eight . frantically turn the aim crank . lower the barrel to point blank . tank against eighty -eight . which can fire first . miller and ryan win the race . FIRE the eighty - EIGHT blast the lead tank destroy it in a shower of metal and flame miller and ryan quickly reload the eighty - eight . FIRE again . destroy the second tank . miller shove the final shell into the breech of the eighty - eight . pat Ryan on the back . grab a satchel charge . run down the bridge . right toward the two advance tank . ryan fire the eighty -eight . destroy the third tank . miller race through the debris . trailed by bullet . reiben with the machine gun . cover Miller . keeping most of the german infantry down . ryan jump behind the second machine gun . open up . helping to cover Miller . the last german tank turret spin . turn toward the fast approach Miller . ready to blow he to bit . miller be almost there . he arm the satchel charge . the tiger's machine gun open up on he . blast a trail of bullet miller throw the satchel charge under the tank . roll off the edge of the bridge . land on the embankment below . the last TIGER tank explode miller , ryan , reiben continue firing . almost out of ammo . miller scrambling up the embankment , back onto the bridge , hear something over the sound of firing . miller hold it ! hold it ! Ryan and reiben cease fire . now they hear it , too . a rumble , deeper and more ominous than any they have hear yet . miller goddamn it ! reiben more tank ... Ryan lot 's of they the fear on they face turn to resignation . they know that they be dead man . they settle into they position , and prepare to fire and die . they wait . the rumble get louder and louder . then miller' face start to change ... a hint ... of a smile ... then a real smile ... a american sherman tank appear from over the rise . then another ... and another ... and another ... miller , reiben and ryan stand there , stunne , watch tank after tank appear , along with score of heavily - armed american soldier . they keep come and come . american tank , with wave after wave of U.S. infantrymen , look for target . they find a few among the depart Germans . the advancing troops run onto the bridge and start to secure the position . a sergeant and a few of he men look around , curiously eyeing Miller , reiben and Ryan , batter and bloody , stand among the body . a major stride up . Major report , Captain . miller Miller , company B , second ranger , that 's private Richard reiben and that 's private James Ryan , hundre - and - first airborne . the sergeant and several other soldier overhear . sergeant Ryan ? one of the soldier speak quietly to another . soldier that 's he , that 's Ryan . the Major put he hand on Ryan 's shoulder . Major Command be look for you , son . you be go home . Ryan look up , tired . he nod . ext . ramelle bridge head - day american tank and hundred of fresh troops stream down the road and over the bridge . miller , ryan and reiben watch . in a small area , clear of the debris , the body of Jackson , upham , sarge , forrest and the other paratrooper be laid out , neatly , respectfully , cover . Miller and reiben stay protectively close to Ryan , as if they do not want to risk he be bump into or run over by any of the advance troops or vehicle . miller walk to the body . he kneel down next to sarge and look at he for a long moment . then , with a steady hand , he take one of sarge 's two dog-tag . then he do the same to Jackson and upham . reiben and ryan watch silently . miller stands and walk back to reiben and Ryan . he hand the dog-tag to Ryan who grip they tightly and nod in thanks . Miller take a last look at the bridge and the body , then he shoulder he gear . Miller let 's move out . reiben and Ryan gather up they gear . they walk with Miller down the road , away from the bridge . camera crane up the three dirty , bloody , tired man walk down the road , ignore by the fresh troops march in the opposite direction . ryan Captain ? miller yes , private . ryan upham and Jackson , what be they like ? miller upham ? good kid , smart , he be write a book . ryan yeah ? reiben yeah , and he be fast , too , run the 220 in twenty - four-five . ryan no kid . miller Jackson be from West fork , Tennessee , he be go to be a preacher , he father and uncle have a travel ministry out of the back of a stretch Hudson . ryan and sarge ? miller sarge ? ( beat ) he be the best friend I ever have . ( smile ) lemme tell you about sarge ... they walk on , disappear in the distance among the hundred and hundred of american soldier who be march down the road and over the bridge . fade out . the end - --------------------------------------------------------------