saving mr . bank written by Kelly marcel &amp ; Sue Smith ext . maryborough park - australia - day ( 1906 ) over black : music - string violin treat we to a familiar song open and then a voice - male . traver ( v.o . ) ( singing ) wind in the East mist come in -- fade in : a whoosh of wind spin we around in a blue sky , spin , spin until we slow to a stop and find ourselves amongst white fluffy cloud . a shadow ( oddly shape like a umbrella ) dance amongst the nimbus . traver ( v.o . ) -- like something be brewing , about to begin -- the shadow 's direction become purposeful - take we down through the cloud , whipping we on the wind towards a small town in the distance . traver ( v.o . ) -- can not put I finger on what lie in store -- downward and downward until it skittishly circle a large , bustling park and then swoops we into the lavish garden . there , a ten-year - old girl play in the lush grass ; she put the finish touch to a miniature version of the large park she sit in - bench make from twig , tree from flower , picnic cup from acorn - and give a satisfied nod . she wrap she arm tightly around she chest , lift she face to the sky , a half - smile threaten to break across she concentrate face . this be the young p.l. traver ( whom we will also know as ginty . ) traver ( v.o . ) -- but I feel what 's to happen , all happened before -- her little brow be furrow with imagination and then , all of a sudden , the smile break free as something in she mind become real . int . shawfield ST - pamela' office - london - morning ( 1961 ) p.l. traver sit in she rock chair ( in the same position as above ) arm clasped tightly around she body , face to the sky . older , beautiful ; strike blue eye aid she air of stiff and steely determination . her office be a canvas of a life well travel . buddha smile from every corner , frame poetry and letter adorn the wall alongside picture of pamela throughout the year with man we will not come to know and everywhere , china hen sit on shelf , they wing clasped to they chest , brood . despite the multitude of object , the room be peaceful , white . downstair the doorbell ring . pamela close she eye , breathes . it ring again , pamela shake she head , tut . she stand up , smooth down she skirt with flat palm . breathes . int . shawfield ST - downstair hallway - morning pamela open the front door and squint as a flood of sunlight and cherry blossom petal float over the threshold . diarmuid russell ( 45 ) - bright , youthful - wait to be ask inside . pamela be not pleased to see he . diarmuid Mrs travers . int . pamela' live room - morning pamela and diarmuid sit in silence . diarmuid look at she , she look out of the window . diarmuid pamela you be ready to --? like pink cloud on stick . diarmuid Excuse I ? pamela the cherry blossom ( beat ) I be try to think of what they -- diarmuid look at he watch . diarmuid the car should be here , may I use -- ( the phone ) pamela ( over ) I cancel it . diarmuid you --? ( panicked ) what ? pamela ! pamela Mrs travers . diarmuid Mrs travers , please , why -- ( sugaring he tone ) why would you cancel the car ? pamela I sha not be go . diarmuid bury he face in he hand . diarmuid we have be through this -- pamela I have change my mind . diarmuid you can not . pamela with all due respect Mr Russell I be on very good term with my own faculty and exceedingly confident in its decision make capability . diarmuid 's shoulder visibly sag , he let out a long frustrated breath . diarmuid you make a agreement . do you understand ? a verbal agreement . pamela why in the world be you speak to I as if I be a neonate ? diarmuid he'll -- pamela he will what ? Sue ? he be most welcome to every penny I do not have . diarmuid look -- ( he sigh ) -- I have represent you for a long time . I like to think of you as a friend -- pamela snort . diarmuid ( cont 'd ) I like to think of it , believe I I know it 's not reciprocate . ( beat ) I would never suggest you do something that would cause you anguish but there 's no more money pamela -- Mrs travers . simply no more . sale have dry up , no more royalty . you refuse to write further book so -- ( beat ) do you understand ? I be frighten that you do not understand what that mean . pamela look out of the window , the cherry blossom she focus . pamela I know what he 's go to do to she - - she will be cavort and twinkle ! careen towards a happy end like a kamikaze -- diarmuid -- we have be try to do this deal for twenty year ! he 's agree to both you stipulation . no animation , script approval -- I -- pamela use she to pay my bill ? if I believe in a hell I would be sit in its wait room -- diarmuid ( over ) -- script approval ! he 's never grant anything like that before ! I do not know what else to -- he look around . diarmuid ( cont 'd ) where be polly ? pamela I fire she . diarmuid shake he head , sigh . pamela ( cont 'd ) it 's just as well . it seem I can not afford she anymore anyway ! pamela look to the ceiling , breathes . pamela ( cont 'd ) ( momentarily soft ) you do not know how much she mean to I . diarmuid polly ? pamela of course not polly ! pamela huff , dig she heel into the rug . pamela ( cont 'd ) ( it 's a filthy word ) Los Angeles . diarmuid you have only to go there and work for two week . collaborate . that 's it . you have not sign the rights over , yet . pamela yet ! diarmuid you must make it work Mrs travers -- pamela oh I must , must I ? diarmuid you need the money . I do not want you to see you -- ( break ) . pamela ( over ) stop say money ! it 's a filthy , disgusting word ! diarmuid I be pick up the telephone Mrs traver -- diarmuid get up . pamela I have final say ? diarmuid you do . pamela ( to herself ) I have final say . ( to diarmuid ) ( more ) pamela ( cont 'd ) and if I do not like what they be do to she ? diarmuid you do not sign the papers . he can not make the film unless you grant the rights . ( beat ) it 's a exploratory trip -- pamela look at the cherry blossom again , a piece float away from the tree and stick to she live room window . diarmuid ( cont 'd ) what do you say ? pamela ( to herself ) I want to keep my house . ext . maryborough park - day a large hand tap ginty on the shoulder , she look up and smile . traver goff ( 35 ) be handsome and rugge , a wild poetic look , like Ted Hughes or Dylan Thomas . traver Excuse I mar 'am , have you see my daughter ? I be quite sure I have leave she around here somewhere ! ginty giggle . traver ( cont 'd ) her name be helen , no , shirley , erm - - goodness ! I have quite forget ! could it be prunella ? ginty no ! traver pamela ? ginty no . traver you be right still do not sound quite -- I be sure I have a special name for she -- ginty ginty ! traver why , thank you mar 'am ! ginty it be of course ! ( beat ) now , have you see she ? ginty it 's I ! travers put he nose right up to hers , peer into she face . traver gosh ! so it be ! well , thank goodness for that ! I be positive I be go to be behead for lose her highness the Royal princess ginty Mc featherfluffy ! ginty you can not lose I ! traver never . I promise . I will never lose you ! he swing she up onto he shoulder and gallop off through the park , neigh like a horse . traver ( cont 'd ) hurry now ! we must not be late ! the adventure be about to begin ! int . plane - day pamela be hot and bother try to wrestle a bulg carpet bag into a overhead locker . flight attendant can I help you ? pamela I be perfectly capable thank you . the flight attendant try to help anyway . pamela ( cont 'd ) they have use all the space ; so greedy . she glare at the people around she . flight attendant I will take it madam . I can put it up here - pamela I do not want it up there . I want it here , in the corresponding hold area for my assign seat ! flight attendant the flight 's close in just a few moment ma'am . I will have to take it . pamela narrow she eye at the attendant as if to say ` I dare you . ' a woman , with a infant , stand up . woman ( to attendant ) you can put my bag up front instead . the flight attendant smile thankfully and replace the woman 's bag with pamela 's . pamela ( to woman ) will the child be a nuisance ? it 's a eleven hour flight . woman ( taken aback ) er -- no , I - - pamela jolly good . pamela give she a watery smile and take the seat next to the window , she look out at the tarmac . she close she eye , take a deep breath , open she eye again and tuck she foot tidily together . she fold she hand neatly into she lap and look straight ahead . pamela ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) I hope we crash . the passenger across the aisle hear she , horrify ! ext . goff residence - maryborough - day ( 1906 ) biddy ( 3 ) and margaret - the girl mother , delicate , weak - stand outside of they lavish red-bricked home . suitcase bulge at they foot . Margaret breathes a sigh of relief as she see travers hurry towards they , he swing ginty from he shoulder and plop she on the ground . margaret the carriage ? traver who need a carriage my love ? a stroll be a gift ! ( beat , excited ) everybody ready ? ginty &amp ; biddy yes . yep ! Margaret take she youngest child moya ( 1 ) from the nanny . traver come along my team ! we must not miss the train . margaret ( to she staff ) thank you so much . for everything . ginty ( to nanny ) see you soon Katie nanna ! she pick up she own case ; Katie nanna turn away , heartbroken . traver walk bus ! the family get into line , one behind the other , travers in the lead . traver ( cont 'd ) do not forget Andrew ! ginty take Andrew 's leash , she own case and somehow help she sister too . traver ( cont 'd ) ready ? and off we go ! passersby tut and shake they head at the noisy display as travers and the girl march down the street . traver ( cont 'd ) Left , right , leave , right ! come through ! Margaret stay for a beat , longingly take in and store a picture of the home she leave behind . ext . downtown maryborough - day the procession continue into the bustling downtown . ext . train station - day it 's hectic as ticket be purchase and a clerk mark a chalkboard with destination and mileage . ginty stop , look at the list . the last city be -- ginty allora -- ext . countryside - day the great western queensland train chug its way westward from the verdant green of maryborough toward the brown cake of allora . ext . angle on maryborough - day as it disappear . ginty stand on the last train platform , watch she home , she past , fade into the distance . ginty 's face speak resignation as it , and the train , recede as billow white smoke and dust fill the frame . int . plane - day pamela jolt in she seat , she eye flit open . she 's disturb by she dream , she flick she hand in front of she face as if somehow bat the memory away . she sigh loudly and dig she heel into the carpet of the plane . int . lax - arrival - day a bleary eye pamela carry she two bag into the arrival area . she 's immediately hit by dazzle sunlight and a sea of sign bear the name of various passenger and company : she scan paramount , Warner Brothers , mgm , finally fall upon she own name - p.l. travers - underneath " Walt Disney present " . pamela oh do he indeed ? she approach the uniform driver ( ralph - mickey mouse on he lapel ) who burst into a beam smile . ralph travers ? p.l. travers ? pamela Mrs. ralph welcome , Mrs p.l. travers ! welcome to the City of angel . pamela sneer . he grab she bag . ralph ( cont 'd ) let I take that . pamela I be perfectly capable of -- oh , nevermind . Ralph usher pamela through the door -- ext . lax - day -- and into the sunlight . ralph Sun come out to say hello just to you . pamela do not be preposterous . pamela sniff the air . pamela ( cont 'd ) it smell . like -- ralph jasmine . pamela -- chlorine and sweat . Ralph chuckle . pamela ( cont 'd ) it 's dreadful . ext . limosine - day the shiny black , tinted window limo cruise up La cienega Blvd , pass all kind of monstrous architecture and garish billboard advertising . int . limosine - day pamela be diminutive on the back seat of the sprawling car . she eye the champagne on ice , the flute clinking in the in - car bar . pamela ( to herself ) absurd . Ralph look at she in the rearview . ralph you okay back there Mrs p.l. travers ? pamela it 's not Mrs p.l. it 's just Mrs -- oh , it 's so hot . ralph no problemo ! we get a brand new air conditioning system , missus ; cool you right down in no time . just about make you feel like you be in good old engerland again ! thing they can put in car this day -- ( he shake he head in amazement ) gosh almighty . pamela press she finger to she temple . she look around , find a button , push it and the screen rise between passenger and driver miraculously relieving she of Ralph 's natter . ralph ( cont 'd ) ( happy as a clam ) no problemo . ext . beverly hill HOTEL - day with its pink facade and flag fly turret the hotel resemble a candy castle simmer under a midday sun . the limo glide into the forecourt . int . suite - beverly hill HOTEL - day a porter open the door to pamela 's suite and place she belonging on a luggage stand in the hallway . porter would you like I to unpack for you mar 'am ? pamela unpack ? porter to take you item from they case and hang they in the wardrobe mar 'am . pamela Young man , if it be you wish to handle lady garment I suggest you take employment in a launderette . the porter have no idea what to say , he hover at the door . pamela ( cont 'd ) yes ? his eye flick to he empty palm and back to pamela . she close the door on he . pamela ( cont 'd ) odd . she turn and for the first time take in -- pamela ( cont 'd ) oh my . -- the ludicrous suite she have be assign ; it be opulent beyond imagine but it 's classy decor have be rather diminish by the array of Disney gift splatter across every surface of the room . pamela ( cont 'd ) oh no , no , no . Disney Flowers , Disney champagne , Disney exotic fruit basket , Disney chocolate , Disney poster , cuddly Donald , Pluto and minnie toy and - take up the entire bed - the biggest stuff mickey mouse imaginable . imagine it . nope . bigger ! pamela can not contain she horror . she stare at it in disgust for a moment , and then she eye fall upon three pear in the fruit basket . she stop still for a second before rush over and pick they out . she turn they over in she hand before a enormous wave of panic wash over she . pamela ( cont 'd ) ( mutter to the pear ) this will not do . she throw open the balcony door for fresh air and be greet with dry arid heat , dust , dazzle sunlight -- ext . goff house - allora - day -- arid heat , dazzle sunlight . travers , Margaret and the child climb stand in a line at the top of a pathway . from they perspective all there be to see be a cloud of swirl red dust ; it obscure and then gradually reveal she new home . the surround land yellow and burnt - unlike the lush green of maryborough . the house be ramshackle and meagre . a swayback white nag wander near a solitary tree and a few skinny chicken strut about the porch . traver a palace ! complete with mighty steed . ginty and chicken . margaret oh -- travers put a arm around she shoulder . traver we will build beautiful memory here my angel . Margaret offer he a trust smile . margaret yes . travers take ginty and biddy 's hand and they run towards they new home . the chicken scatter . traver ( in the distance ) -- in this house you get to share a bedroom ! Margaret look at the surround area , there 's simply nothing but barren land and red dust for mile . ext . beverly hill HOTEL - pool - day underwater splosh ! a green bomb disturb the tranquil surface and then another splosh ! we rise through the water to see pamela on she balcony throw the pear , one by one , into the swimmer - free swim pool . int . beverly hill HOTEL - suite - continuous pamela good riddance . she breathes a sigh of relief and close the balcony door . pamela ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) well , first thing first . she gather up the Disney paraphernalia and shove it all in a closet . she pick up she bag and go through to the bedroom where the biggest stuff mickey mouse imaginable take up the entire bed . imagine it . nope. bigger ! pamela ( cont 'd ) good Lord . pamela drop she bag , grab mickey and place he on the floor , face the wall . pamela ( cont 'd ) ( to mickey ) and you can stay there until you learn the art of subtlety . pamela open she carpetbag and begin to unpack . she take from it a bottle of pill , which she place on she night stand , follow by another bottle and another and another . the potion keep come , as do creams and book and make - up , the bag be endless . thing , thing and more thing come stream out of it and once the night stand be full she use windowsills and any other available surface for she miniature buddhas . finally she take out a impossibly large frame picture of herself . she hold it up , admire it , take down a exist painting and replace it with she own image . pamela ( cont 'd ) there . pamela be restless , she look around the room , stand in front of a full length mirror , admire herself . she turn she face slightly to catch it at its best angle . she lean forward and explore the contour of she face , surprisingly unline for a woman of she year . she smile , full of vanity . pamela ( cont 'd ) ( satisfied ) yes . ( answer a imaginary question ) well , no , I do not suppose I do mind . she laugh , but pamela find joy difficult so it come out as a ugly snort . pamela ( cont 'd ) now , really ! flatterer ! ( then scolding herself ) silly girl . she turn she attention away from the mirror and pick up a remote control stare at it with bemusement . she point it at the television hit random button until suddenly the tv burst into life . pamela ( cont 'd ) oh ! she click again , the tv go off , again and it 's on . a housewife advertise dish soap with glee , as if dish soap be the great thing ever invent . pamela ( cont 'd ) soap for the brain . she change the channel and stare blankly at a man on a black and white screen . it take a moment before she realize that stare back at she be the charming , moustach , kindly face of walter elias disney ( 58 ) on the wonderful World of Disney show . pamela raise a eyebrow -- pamela ( cont 'd ) well , well -- there you be . cu : tv screen Walt be ringing a little bell but no sound come out . walt do not worry ! there 's nothing wrong with you television set . this be a pixie bell , the sound be much too high for human ear . tinkerbell fly into shot . walt ( cont 'd ) oh there you be tink ! she cover Walt in fairy dust . walt ( cont 'd ) ( laughing ) hey ! get that stuff off of I ! ( to audience ) you know , a little sprinkle of fairy dust can make you fly ! pamela can not help but be draw in for a tiny moment and then just as quickly , narrow she mistrust eye at Walt and switch he off . pamela off ! that 's how we deal with you . ext . suite - beverly hill HOTEL a tray of untouched dinner sit outside the door . int . suite - beverly hill HOTEL - night pamela lie in bed awake , stare at the ceiling , she shake she head - try to free it of whatever be trap in there . the moonlight cast a shadow of mickey on the wall beside she bed . ext . beverly hill HOTEL - morning pamela wait under the hotel awning , dress immaculately , not a hair out of place . the limo pull up to the curb and pamela groan as she see Ralph jovially jump out of the car and rush round to open the passenger door . ralph good morning mrs! pamela it 's not Mrs , it 's -- oh , why do I bother ? we be just not go to get it right be we ? ralph hm ? pamela will it be the same driver every day ? ralph ( oblivious to she tone ) yes mar 'am ! I be all yours . ( beat ) Sun come out again ! pamela you say it like you be surprised . like the sun be particular about whom it appear for . it seem you think that I be responsible for it 's miraculous dawn every day . for goodness sake , it 's California ! ralph it certainly be ! he gesture for she to get in . ralph ( cont 'd ) ( try a british accent ) Madame . pamela grimace . int . limosine - continuous pamela tuck she leg in and fold she hand into she lap . Ralph climb into the driver 's seat . pamela ( as much to herself as ralph ) I would so much rather be accountable for the rain . ralph oh , that 's sad . pamela sad be entirely the wrong emotion . I sha not bother explain why ; it'll simply ( she make gesture for fly over he head ) Zip ! ralph okey dokey . pamela the rain bring life ! ralph so do the sun . pamela be quiet ! ralph yes mar 'am . Ralph start the engine and drive away . ext . disney studio - burbank - day three men in suit wave at the limo as it drive through the enormous gate of Disney 's burbank Studio and pull up in a very twee forecourt . they be : don dagradi ( 45 ) and the sherman brother , ROBERT ( 34 ) , he lean on a old wear cane and richard ( 31 ) , who have a bright , sunny , almost cartoon - ish face . Don open the car door for pamela and put out a hand to help she from the vehicle but she push it away . don pamela ! good morning ! pamela it be so discomfite to hear a perfect stranger use my first name . Mrs travers . please . the sherman 's look at each other . uh oh . don I do apologize , Mrs travers . ( beat ) I be Don dagradi , the script writer . pamela co-script-writer . I shall certainly be have my say Mr. digraydi . don gradi . wonderful ! I welcome it . pamela if indeed we ever sign off on a script . Bob and Dick flash each other a look . what the fu ? don uh. okay , so this be the rest of you team , Dick and Bob sherman ! Music and lyric . ( to sherman ) boy , this be the one and only Mrs p.l. travers , creator of we beloved Mary . pamela poppin . don who else ? pamela Mary poppin . never ever just Mary . ( to Dick and Bob ) a pleasure to meet you , though I fear we sha not be acquainted for too long . bob Excuse I ? pamela this book simply do not lend themselves to chirp and prancing . no. certainly not a musical . now , where be mister Disney ? I would very much like to get this start and finish as briskly as be humanly possible . bob Don ? dick pamela not a music - -? if you will point I in he direction ? don uh -- erm . ha ! we have plan a little tour of the studio for you mrs traver -- pamela no thank you . don -- want to show the place off . pamela no one like a show off . pamela take herself off in the direction of a building . don Mrs trav - - it 's a long way to -- Don hurry behind she , Bob look like he be about to murder the woman and Dick be find the whole thing incredibly amusing . ext . disney studio - burbank - day the sherman , Don and pamela be riding through the studio on a golf buggy . pamela I be perfectly capable of walk . a couple of Disney character ( Donald and goofy ) bounce up to the golf cart , wave brightly . goofy open he arm to pamela for a hug and she recoil in horror . pamela ( cont 'd ) shoo ! go away ! the character stop bounce and Di gradi give they a nod meaning `beat it '. pamela ( cont 'd ) ghastly . Bob and Dick sherman be in shock . int . disney - exterior office - day Don lead pamela into the plushly appoint outer office , where dolly - a young , perky secretary - smile brightly at she . don ( to dolly ) could you let -- pamela ( over , to dolly ) would you let mister Disney know I have arrive please ? dolly lose she smile at the terse tone , nod curtly and pick up the phone . dolly ( whisper into phone ) she 's here ! don a word of advice Mrs travers , if I may . pamela you may . whether I heed it or not will be another matter entirely . don wow . uhm . it 's just that he can not stand be call Mr Disney . we be all on a first name basis here . ( to dolly ) dolly ! be he --? we hear a man 's cough before a beam Walt Disney , in the flesh , appear at the end of the corridor , he arm outstretch . walt well , there ya be at last ! pamela get up , smooth down she skirt , and make she way serenely towards the man , who rush down the corridor to greet she . walt ( cont 'd ) oh my dear gal ! pamela be open mouth . walt ( cont 'd ) you can not imagine how excited I be to finally meet you ! pamela do not know what to do with this amount of enthusiasm . she extend a formal hand before he manage to get she in a embrace . pamela oh ! he squeeze she tight and then let go . pamela struggle to compose herself , she have not be that close to a man in decade ! pamela ( cont 'd ) hum - - ah . it 's a honour , mister Disney . Disney wince . walt Walt , you gotta call I Walt , ya know . ` mister Disney ' be my old man . there 's a hint of something mournful in the way he say `old man . ' walt ( cont 'd ) come here ! come here ! he link he arm through hers , much to she chagrin , and lead she into he interior office past a impose floor to ceiling cabinet burst with Academy Award . int . disney - interior office - day he smile at tommie - who man the second desk . walt tommie , say hi to the one and only p L travers ! tommie hi there ! it 's so nice to -- but pamela have already be whisk through to Disney 's personal office . int . disney's office - day Disney 's office be tastefully furnish and fill with picture of he daughter and wife . frame poster of he film provide splashes of color to the cream wall . walt have a seat , sit down . he gesture to a comfy couch in the corner but pamela take a seat in front of Walt 's desk instead , glance at the sign above it : we can make they live . Walt perches on the edge of the desk , close to she , gaze at she . walt ( cont 'd ) ya know , I can not believe it . p.l. travers , right here , in my office , after all this year -- almost twenty of `em . ( shake he head ) twenty . long. year . pamela narrow she eye . walt ( cont 'd ) wish ya coulda ' see I then Pam ! as lean as a whippet I be ! a race horse ! interestingly , she do not pull he up on use she first name and shorten it too ! walt ( cont 'd ) but now , here you be . look at you ! I could eat you up ! pamela that would not be appropriate . he turn a photo of he daughter - Diane and Sharon - to face pamela . walt when Diane here be seven year old I - - can I get you a drink ? coffee ? soda ? pamela a pot of tea would be most welc -- walt ( over ) she be seven year old and I be walk past she bedroom and there she be on she bed read to Sharon , and well , they be just giggle they little sock off ! ( he pick up the phone , press a button ) tommie , pot of tea please dear -- you be a doll . ( he put the phone down ) she 's a doll . anyway I ask they " Girls , what 's so funny ? " and Diane say to I , " Mary poppin daddy ! " well , I have no idea what a Mary poppin be ! and then she give I you book . and by gosh ! he stand up and throw he arm in the air to emphasise he point . walt ( cont 'd ) my imagination be catch on fire ! and I mean on FIRE ! and that ember have burn ever since -- as you know . pamela walt I do . twenty year ! pamela walt yes. twenty . so you keep I have be ask , ask , saying -- asking -- pamela stop talk and wait for Disney to calm down . walt ( cont 'd ) I get old ask . he sit back down on he desk . pamela what a charming story . walt about my get old ? pamela about you daughter . walt yeah I suppose it be . ( he look at the picture ) they be both woman now . gosh ! can you believe it ? pamela Children grow up . walt now Pam , a man can not break a promise to he kid . no matter how long it take to keep . no matter how long ! you might have keep I dangle all this time but now we gotcha ! pamela gotcha indeed ! mister Disney , if you have dangle then it be at the end of a rope you have fashioned for yourself . walt pamela -- pamela I be quite clear when you approach I the first time that she be not for sale and clear again when you approach I a year later and clear again when you approach I every annum for the subsequent 18 year . honestly , I feel corral , ensnare -- walt Pam , Pam , the last thing I want be to make you feel -- pamela my name , if you please , be mrs travers . walt you see , I promise they . that 's a fact . you get kid ? pamela not -- walt ( over ) I have never , I swear , never break a promise to either one of my Disney girl . pamela well , that 's very honourable of you but -- walt that 's what be a daddy be all about right ? pamela ( deep breath ) be it ? walt this movie be not just go to make my kid happy . it 's go to make all kid happy ! you see my guy be gonna do thing with it that be , well , be revolutionary . he 's up again . walt ( cont 'd ) revolutionary , Pam ! pamela oh dear -- pamela rub she temple as she watch he fly about the room . walt Mary poppin will literally fly off the page of you book ! the door open and tommie come in with the tea , Walt gesture for she to bring it to he . walt ( cont 'd ) now imagine ! this magical woman who have only live in you head , you ' will be able to meet she , speak to she , hear she sing . tommie place the tray on Walt 's desk and leave the room . Walt pick up the tea pot . pamela yes , this sing , I be glad you have come to that . ( address he tea making ) milk first ! Walt put the pot down immediately like a scold child and pick up the milk jug , he pour . pamela ( cont 'd ) that 's right . now the tea -- he pick up the pot again and pour the tea . pamela ( cont 'd ) and a spoonful of sugar . he stir . pamela ( cont 'd ) you do not mean for this film to be a musical ? walt ( taken aback ) I absolutely do ! he present she with the cup . pamela no . walt no ? pamela no . she take a sip , he wait anxiously to see if he tea be any good . pamela ( cont 'd ) not bad . no , mister Disney , Mary poppin do not sing . walt oh yes she do ! pamela when ? walt in you book ! pamela that be not song ! they be recitation . she be not a giddy woman , she do not jig ! sing be frivolous and wholly unnecessary for a governess , a educatress . no. it would just ruin it . Walt be baffle . he take a sip of tea , it 's disgusting , he spit it back into he cup surreptitiously , then cough loudly . pamela 's jaw drop . pamela ( cont 'd ) I will not have she turn into one of you silly cartoon . Walt take a sharp breath on `silly ' and then plaster the smile back on . walt tell ya what . you just listen to what my sherman boy have come up with and if they do not knock you sock off then I be the King of England . pamela roll she eye . pamela if you be the King of England then you sha not exist and know the little of you I do ; I should not think you would like that very much . walt Bet you would . she smirk , as do he . pamela ( beat ) I do quite like greensleeve . walt greensleeve huh ? pamela come to think of it . that 's a song I would not object to . walt greensleeve . pamela yes . he 's not sure if she 's play with he . walt Pam , I want you to know that the last thing I would do , the very last thing , be tarnish a story I have cherish . he move closer to she , take she hand , she need it for she teacup , it 's awkward . walt ( cont 'd ) ( gaze into she eye ) the page be wear down to tissue , dog ear and fall out . I have pour over they grip , torment . because I love Mary poppin , you get to share she with I . pamela be tear between find Disney captivate and totally bark . walt ( cont 'd ) a course nothing happen without you say so . absolutely nothing . pamela quite right . she extricate she hand . walt it 's all in the rights agreement . as approve by you agent , dermot . pamela diarmuid . walt darmitt . Disney hand the rights agreement and a pen to she , pamela take it without look and fold it up . pamela ( wave the agreement ) a live action film . no animation . walt live action . pamela I would like that on tape . walt hm ? pamela you promise -- and all the discussion we have here -- on tape . walt tape you say . she pop the rights document in she bag . Walt 's joviality , he bright demeanour , vanish in a split second . pamela ah there you be . ( beat ) Mary poppin and the bank 's , they be family to I . walt I understand . I do . pamela well then ! she stand up and smooth down she skirt . pamela ( cont 'd ) shall we begin ? he hold out he hand for she to shake . walt let 's make something wonderful . she leave he hand hang in mid air . pamela let 's see if that 's at all possible . pamela get up , smooth down she skirt , snort at a picture of Disney in a silly hat astride a model train and purposefully stride out of the room , a smile across she face that Disney do not see . walt ( perplexed ) woah . ( beat ) damn . ext . verandah - dusk travers sit , look out at the dimming sky , play a mournful air on he tin whistle , ginty curl up in he lap , Andrew the dog asleep beside he . Margaret step out onto the veranda a almost imperceptible glance at the half - empty bottle at he foot . margaret it 's rather late -- travers continue to play . margaret ( cont 'd ) biddy and moya be already asleep . travers take the pipe from he lip and sigh . traver ginty . he kiss she cheek and gently lift she from he lap . ginty good night father . ( beat ) `night mother . margaret good night dear . Margaret stroke she hand over ginty 's hair as the little girl slip into the house but hover unseen by the door , watch she parent . travers pat he knee and Margaret perches on it . traver I will make we a good life . ( beat ) I promise . ( beat ) I will make you proud again . Margaret stroke travers face and turn she face to the sky . margaret look at the star . int . rehearsal room - day pamela sit at a large meeting table as dolly bustles around she place refreshment . pamela lay out she pencil one by one , make sure she notebook be `just so . ' a bowl of fruit be set down upon she notebook and she snatch it away , glaring at the table which be now laden with every type of snack and beverage imaginable from bagel to candy , coffee to soda , there be exotic fruit , enormous bouquet of flower . pamela ( peer around a vase at dagradi ) what be all this jollification ? don we have a whole script to get through . it 's gonna be a long day Mrs T. she shoot he dead with a killer stare . don ( cont 'd ) -- raver . pamela we could save a starve country with benefaction from this room alone ! ugh , it 's so vulgar . she get up and move the giant bouquet of flower off the table and plop it on top of Dick 's piano . Bob move it from the piano to the floor . bob ( seething ) that be a very expensive piano . pamela and this be beautiful bloom butcher for we visual and nasal enjoyment when we could have just as easily go to the window , look out and gaze upon they happily mind they own business and very much still alive . Bob have not a clue what to say . pamela smoothes down she skirt and re-take she seat . everybody wait . pamela flick she eye at the tape recorder which Don duly turn on . pamela ( cont 'd ) let we begin . she perches she glass on she nose and raise a eyebrow at the cover of she script - " Walt Disney 's Mary poppin . " pamela ( cont 'd ) hm . a rustling of papers and one or two uneasy glance as the man , too , open they script . don dagradi pamela ( reading ) ( reading ) scene one . exterior cherry scene one . ext. ext ? what 's Tree Lane . London . Day . bert -- ext ? Dick and Bob cover they face with the embarrassment of it all . don exterior . it mean the scene be take place outside . pamela ah , I see , a abbreviation . ( beat ) scene one. exterior -- ( beat ) oh , I be sorry Mr dagradi , do you feel you should --? don no , no , Mrs travers please go ahead . pamela yes , I do think it 's best . I have the most practise . readings of my book you know ? anyway -- ( beat ) scene one . exterior . 17 cherry Tree Lane , London . Day . she nod . pamela ( cont 'd ) yes . that 's good , that can stay . dick ( laughing ) that 's just the scene head ! pamela -- though I do think we should say number 17 , instead of just 17 , yes ? it 's proper . bob &amp ; dick no one 's go to see it . pamela I will see it . she make a note in she script and look to the other who be dumbstruck . pamela ( cont 'd ) write it down , write it down , chop chop . Don make the note and be ready to move on but pamela be stare at Dick and Bob . they dutifully pick up they pencil and note they script too . pamela ( cont 'd ) be that on the tape ? Don glance towards the swirl tape recorder and nod . don yes . pamela good -- onwards . they be interrupt by dolly carry a new tray of refreshment . dolly I be sorry to interrupt . pamela be this a joke ? dolly Excuse I ? pamela do you think you be a comedienne ? dolly I be sorry I do not understand . dolly gingerly place the tray on the table and hover , distribute fruit and biscuit within reachable distance . pamela unbelievable . pamela shake she head but decide to ignore dolly and carry on . pamela ( cont 'd ) scene one. exterior . number 17 cherry Tree Lane . London . Day . ( more ) pamela ( cont 'd ) bert , a one - man band -- ( she look up ) the rumour be that this be to be you mister Van dyke be it ? dick we do hope so ! pamela hmmm , we will see about that . he 's totally wrong , totally and utterly . bob Dick be one of the great ! pamela Dick Van dyke ? Robert , my dear , olivier be one of the great , burton , guinness - great without question . ( speak loudly into the tape recorder ) I can assure you Dick Van dyke be not . ( back to script ) bert , a one - man band play to a small gather outside the gate to the park . ( beat ) bert say -- ( she look to Don ) you can do bert . don ( through gritt tooth ) thank you . ( be bert ) alright lady and gent , comical poem , suitable for the occasion -- Dick jump up and sit at the piano . don ( cont 'd ) -- extemporize and think up before you very eye ! alright , here we go -- Dick begin to play and sing , he pound the key with gusto , smile away , act it out with all he heart and soul , almost unable to contain himself with glee . Bob occasionally join in for a word or two but be much more serious , eyeing travers for she every reaction . dick ( singing ) room here for everyone gather around , the constable be bob / dick " responstable . " dick now , how do that sound ? pamela no no no no no no no . dolly wince on everyone 's behalf and leave the room . pamela ( cont 'd ) responstable be not a word . dick ( excite ) we make it up ! pamela well , un - make it up . Dick quickly hide the next set of sheet music entitle : supercalifragilisticexpialidocious . pamela ( cont 'd ) I have a think ! I have always like ta ra ra boom De ay . now , that would be a wonderful song for the film ! oh! and Admiral boom could sing it ! do you see ? Dick 's finger crunch the piano key . ext . suite - beverly hill HOTEL - evening pamela 's door open a crack and another half - eat room service meal appear as she kick it into the hallway . she shut the door quickly behind she . int . suite - beverly hill HOTEL pamela lie awake stare at the ceiling . pamela irresponstable . ext . field - near goff house - day close on : a tiny park , about half a metre square - it have grass , tiny tree make from flower , a small hole fill with water for a pond , park bench make with twig and miniature wooden clothes - peg people . ginty put the finish touch to the bandstand and sit back , stare in wonder . the moment be break with the sound of hoof as she father appear , atop he horse . traver ahhh , there 's my girl . the horse move up to she . traver ( cont 'd ) that 's it Albert . give ginty a smooch . there 's a good boy , give she a little smooch . the velvety muzzle of the horse " smooches " ginty 's neck and ear as travers climb down from the nag . traver ( cont 'd ) poor old Albert ; he 's you secret uncle you know ? but a miserable , horrid witch turn he into a nag . ginty why do she do that ?! traver because she hate the sound of he laugh . ginty poor uncle Albert ! how can we fix he ? traver we have to teach the witch how to be happy again . ginty how ? traver I be not quite sure darling . ( beat ) you mother 's be call you for a good hour . I should not go if I be you , she 's after little slave for housework ! ( reciting yeat ) ah , I must scrub and bake and sweep till star be beginning to blink and peep ; and the young lie long and dream in there bed of the match of ribbon for bosom and head . travers sigh , let 's the word ring in he ear , touch the end of daughter 's nose . traver ( cont 'd ) do you want to know what it feel like to fly ginty ? she nod . he haul himself onto Albert , lean down and swing ginty up so she be face he . traver ( cont 'd ) you trust I ? she nod and wrap she arm around he look backwards over he shoulder . he grip she firmly around the waist and she spread she arm . traver ( cont 'd ) gee up , Albert . yah ! travers kick the horse into a trot , then into a canter , he point a finger in the air as if shoot for the star . traver ( cont 'd ) yah ! ginty squeal with delight . int . limosine - morning pamela look out of the window at the palm tree , the empty sidewalk . she look daze , extremely tired -- pamela nobody walk . ralph ( sadly ) leisurely stroll 's a gift . ext . laurel canyon - morning the limo float along the windy canyon road , crest the top of the hill and revealing a awe inspiring vista . ralph beautiful be not it ? pamela ( refuse he the satisfaction ) if you like that sort of thing . ralph I do . ext . field - allora - day travers and ginty gallop at great speed . the horse kick up great clod of earth as they hurtle away into the distance . int . rehearsal room - day Don dagradi and the sherman be escort pamela along a row of storyboard illustration for the film . dolly trundle along behind , carry a tray with a cup of tea on it which pamela occasionally pick up and take a sip from . don we do find it help to have a visual . it 's fun ! she stop in front of a sketch of the bank house . pamela no , no , no . goodness no . dick no ? pamela the bank house do not look like that ! my house be a terrace house with a pink door , white brick with a crack in the gable . the window frame be lead - line and the flower box grow pink nasturtium to go with the pink door and -- ( gesture to the tape recorder ) do we get that ? ( to herself , slightly hysterical ) oh dear , it 's all a big mistake . it 's all wrong . don it 's all wrong ? pamela it 's too grand ! the bank family - they be normal , everyday sort of people . this be not normal . it be not everyday ! they be not aristocrat ! dick interesting . Don allow a tiny smile . she be right . pamela linger over a picture of the parrot head umbrella , a split second of something like recognition on she face and then she simply move on . pamela ( to herself ) okay . she stop again in front of a sketch of Mrs bank wear a suffragette ribbon . pamela ( cont 'd ) ( sighing ) do I even have to say it ? don um -- yeah ? pamela why in the world have you make Mrs bank a silly suffragette ? bob I wonder if emmeline p would agree with that adjective -- pamela quite possibly , look back . Dick mouth `oh my god !' don it do seem strange that Mrs bank allow she child to spend all of they time with the nanny when she have no job to speak of -- pamela be you call Mrs bank neglectful ? bob yep . don no ! of course not ! we just feel that if she have a job it would go some way to explain -- pamela be a mother be a job . a very difficult job and one that not everybody be up to , that not everybody should have take on in the first place ! the boy see that pamela be talk about something meaningful to she and they begin to soften for a brief moment , until -- pamela ( cont 'd ) I will not have she call Cynthia ! absolutely not . it feel unlucky . Dick make a curly wurly cuckoo sign at Bob . pamela ( cont 'd ) no it should be something warm , a bit sexy . they all nearly choke at the word `sexy ' come out of she mouth . pamela ( cont 'd ) how about mavis ? don sybil ? bob sure . pamela prudence ? dick gwendolyn ? bob great . pamela winifre ! don I could go with winifre . pamela yes , that 's because it 's very good . she come to the next sketch and stop abruptly in front of it , a split second of utter confusion cross she face . pamela ( cont 'd ) this be not Mr bank ? she turn to face Don and the boy . pamela ( cont 'd ) this be not he . don ahm , yeah , that 's he -- pamela he have a set of moustach ! don in the book he -- pamela I tell the illustrator I do not like the facial hair but she choose to ignore I . this be my film and this time around I shall have my way . dolly ( clear she throat ) Mrs travers , it be a specific request , from Walt . pamela do not acknowledge that dolly have speak ; dolly flush . pamela ( to the boy ) why ? everyone shrug , they do not know why . pamela ( cont 'd ) he do not , he do not , Mr bank be clean shaven ! Bob bury he face in he hand and let 's out a long , loud , unashame moan . bob do it mattterrrrrrr ?! don Bob , Bob , Bob -- pamela stare at Bob . pamela you can wait outside ! she point at the door , order he out with she finger . Bob be literally stunne . Dick stifles a laugh . pamela ( cont 'd ) I sha not say it again Robert . Bob storm out of the room ( as fast as he limp and cane will allow he ) slamm the door and from behind it we hear : bob ( o.s. ) kill I ! kill I now ! pamela ( to dick ) what be wrong with he leg ? dick he get shot . pamela hardly surprising . pamela smile sweetly . pamela ( cont 'd ) can I expect anymore drama from anyone else ? int . bar / lobby - beverly hill HOTEL - late afternoon pamela enter the lobby and head for the elevator . she spy the bar , full of people laugh , exclaim , enjoy one another 's company . she take it in melancholically for a second and then jab the elevator button repeatedly , relieved when the door finally slide open . int . goff house - washroom - allora - morning travers face he reflection in the mirror as ginty look on from the doorway . he pick up he razor and begin to scrape away the stubble . ginty why do you do that ? traver for you my dear ! ( he flick the blade in the air like a swordsman ) swish ! which kind of kiss do you prefer gintamina ? swoosh ! scratchy one or silky one ? ginty ( thinks ) silky one . a man must shave for to spare he daughter 's cheek ! swish ! int . beverly hill HOTEL - suite - morning pamela stare at herself in the cloud bathroom mirror . she run a finger through the steam on the glass . pamela swish . and again . pamela ( cont 'd ) swoosh . int . disney studio - corridor - day dolly , carry a tray of cake , stop at the rehearsal room door where fractious voice ring out . pamela ( o.s. ) stop ! stop ! stop ! what on earth be you talk about ? supercali--? supercali -- or whatever the infernal thing be ! dick it 's something to say when you do not know what to say ! pamela well I always know what to say . the slamm of a piano lid . dolly push the door open with she foot . pamela ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) if you so much as step one foot in here with that tray I shall scream ! one can not live on cake alone ! int . disney office - day dolly stand in Disney 's office . disney hit I with it . dolly she have a lot of -- idea . disney ya ? what kind of idea ? dolly about how she , uh , see thing . disney and just how do she `see ' thing ? dolly sigh and pull out a note pad . dolly ( reading ) the name Cynthia have be change to winifre . walt okay that will work . dolly she will not approve Dick Van dyke . Walt laugh , dolly allow herself a little giggle too . dolly ( cont 'd ) the sketches of the bank house make it look too opulent , there must be no hint of romance between Mary poppin and bert , she want to know why Mr bank have be give a moustache , the -- walt I ask for that . dolly yes . they do tell she but she want to know why . walt because I ask for it . dolly right . of course . uh -- the tape measure Mary poppin use to record Jane and micheal 's height must be a roll tape , not a ruler , we must add gravi - - gravitas , she say . disney gahd ! anything else ? dolly she only want green vegetable and broth , I do not know what that be but she want it in the room from now on and oh ! she do not want the colour red in the film -- at all . int . rehearsal room - day Dick , Don and pamela sit around the meeting table . Bob hover by the door in a right humph . Disney prefer to stand , graze occasionally from a bowl of candy . pamela I have simply go off the colour . they mouth be agape . pamela ( cont 'd ) you do say I be to have final say do you not ? disney we can not make the film without the colour red ! it 's set in London for pete 's sake . pamela and ? disney there 's bus and mail box and guard uniform -- heck ! the british flag ! pamela , I be not sure why you 're -- pamela I understand you predicament Mr Disney , I do . I just -- hm -- I do not know what it be , I be just suddenly very anti-re . I sha not be wear it ever again . Disney come and sit on the table in front of Pam and lock eye with she . disney be this a test Pam ? be you require proof of how badly I wanna make you happy so that we can create this beautiful thing together ? pamela avert she eye for a split second , embarrassed about vcreat something beautiful ' with Walt , but quickly recover and eyeball he right back . pamela I take you at you word Mr Disney and it seem my first stipulation have be deny . there will be many more , so -- perhaps we should just call it quit and I should hand you back this ? she take the rights agreement out of she bag and offer it to he . Disney smile at pamela . disney alright . no red in the film . pamela glance at the tape recorder . don what ?! dick Walt ? Don and the sherman can not believe he have give in ! Disney stride out of the room . int . disney studio - corridor - continuous Disney march down the corridor away from the rehearsal room . he stop , turn , go back to the door , put he hand on the handle , stop himself and move on . int . rehearsal room - continuous Dick , Don and Bob be leave astound . they look at one another . bob he do not have the rights -- all three turn they head to turn to she . pamela quite . pamela smile a broad satisfied smile at the boy , smooth down she skirt and open the script . pamela ( cont 'd ) now , if you be insist upon this musicality you feel be so important for my film then I suggest I hear one of you ditty . no one be in the mood to sing for she . pamela ( cont 'd ) I shall keep a open mind ! dick nanny ? don yeah , do nanny . Dick begin to play -- bob ( spoken ) want a nanny for two adorable child . pamela sigh , so do Don and Bob . dick ( cont 'd ) pamela if you want this choice ( expect Dick to stop ) position , no no ! they can not make deman -- have a cheery disposition -- but Dick ignore she and carry on . dick rosy cheek -- bob pamela no wart ! who in the world put that in ?! dick ( cont 'd ) pamela play game , all sort ! hm . dick ( cont 'd ) pamela you must be kind , you must be well of all the ridiculous --! witty very sweet and fairly pretty dick ( cont 'd ) pamela take we on outing , give we completely defeat the -- treat Bob and Don be try to stop themselves from laugh as Dick barrel right over everything pamela say , almost as if the two of they be do a duet . dick ( cont 'd ) pamela sing song , bring sweet no sweet ! dick ( cont 'd ) pamela never be cross or cruel who would give a child cast -- never give we castor oil or ? gruel Dick grimace ( a la Michael bank . ) dick ( cont 'd ) Love we as a son and daughter bob pamela and never smell of barley what in the world do water smell of barley water have to do with anything ? bob you write that in you book ! she write that in she --! don yeah , I think -- dick pamela ( over ) you can not say that -- if you will not scold and dominate US dick ( cont 'd ) pamela we will never give you cause hate be too strong a wor -- to hate we -- dick pamela we will not hide you spectacle ( into tape recorder ) so you cant see nobody 's listen to I ! dick pamela put toad in you bed -- ridiculous ! dick ( cont 'd ) pamela or pepper in you tea no. dick hurry , nanny ! many thanks sincerely , Jane and Michael bank : Jane and Michael bank . pamela well I simply do not know what to say . that 's the worst song I have ever hear . ( beat ) ever . dick alright . int . disney's office - late afternoon Walt stand look out of he window . disney Pov : pamela sit on a bench , she foot tuck together , she arm clasped around she body , she face to the sky . she sit perfectly still until the limo pull up and Ralph get out , patiently wait beside the car so as not to disturb she . pamela , open she eye and Ralph nod hello . he open the back door for she and she climb in . walt tommie ! tommie appear in he office with a glass and hand it to Walt . tommie scotch mist . walt what do you think ? tommie what do I think I - - what ? walt you be a woman . tommie that 's a canny observation Walt . walt what be I miss ? tommie you think the female of the species have some kind of psychic insight when it come to other of she kind ? Walt continue to stare out of the window . tommie ( cont 'd ) we do not . ( beat ) you will get yourself a ulcer with all that unriddle . give it up . tommie wait for a response but he 's still window bound , fill with intrigue as he watch the car disappear . walt ( under ) that woman . int . bar / lobby - beverly hill HOTEL - late afternoon pamela enter the lobby and head for the elevator . she spy the bar again , a few people chat over cocktail . the elevator door open but she choose to go and sit at the bar instead . barman good afternoon ma'am . what can I fix you ? pamela a pot of tea . barman sure thing . pamela look around at the other woman in the bar , all glamorous , coiffure , very different to the practical Mrs travers . the tea pot arrive . pamela thank you . tea be a balm for the soul do not you agree ? but the barman have already move on to another patron . time move swiftly , the teapot be drain , the customer come and go . the barman talk with another customer further along the bar . nobody notice pamela . in this set she look like a little old lady , awkwardly perch on a stool , stare into she empty cup . ext . belhatchett bank of australia - allora - day ginty - in a rather tatter school uniform - be diminutive in front of the huge double door to the bank . a upright , top hatted gentleman hold the door of the bank open chivalrously for she . int . belhatchett bank of australia - allora - continuous ginty and the man enter the bank . ginty thank you . a bank worker tip he hat to the gentleman . bank worker good afternoon Mr belhatchett . cashier look up from they post and nod courteously . ginty and randolph belhatchett be startle for a second by a loud crash . they eye flit to the glass door of travers ' office . the etching on the glass read : traver goff - bank manager int . traver office - day travers have just drop ( purposefully ) a tray of coin on the floor . he have a wild edge to he , he may well have be drink . traver ( to clerk ) belhatchett . bell. hatchett . ha ! it 's a ridiculous moniker ! clerk sir -- traver and Mr belhatchett have complain that I open he stupid bank five minute late have he ? hahaaa ! ( in a comedy voice ) time 's money , goff , y'know ! time 's money my man ! the clerk laugh nervously . traver ( cont 'd ) Bell hatchett ! beautiful hatchet . that 's what it mean . and I suppose if the poor dumb lamb on he downs , be five minute late with they calve , or they do not drop dead on schedule when he want a roast , he take to they with the business end of he beautiful hatchet . travers wield a glint letter opener in the air , stabbing pile of papers , filing cabinet , desk . traver ( cont 'd ) there , whack ! that will teach you for not drop you bairn on schedule . whack ! whack ! whack ! travers look at the figure stand outside he door and he eye widen . traver ( cont 'd ) whack . whoops ! ( through the door ) Mr belhatchett ! allow I to -- travers push the door open to reveal ginty at he side and be fell . traver ( cont 'd ) ginty ! randolph I want you go . all eye fall upon the little girl whom everyone seem to have forget . travers be overcome with embarrassment and guilt . traver sweet thing ! what be you do here ? ginty look up at belhatchett and the manager . ginty you say today be -- traver Ice cream day ! yes ! I do ! what kind of father be I ? ginty ( scare ) be you fire again ? traver ah , yes it do seem that -- randolph ( to ginty ) no . no sweetheart -- he be not . traver ( to ginty ) just wait in my office for a second darling . randolph walk away , stop to whisper in travers ear . randolph if you can not straighten up for you own sake . do it for you daughter . ( mutter to himself ) irresponsible . travers hold out he arm to ginty and she run into they . traver Ice cream be so rare because it only come from siberian cow . do you know that ?! ( beat ) brrrrrrrr ! ext . river - allora - day ginty and travers sit by the river . ginty eat a enormous ice cream and travers sip continuously from he hip flask . traver we share a celtic soul , you and I . this world be just a illusion , ginty old girl . as long as we hold that think dear , they can not break we . money , money , money . do not you buy into it ginty ! it will bite you on the bot ! how do we end up here eh ? look at it . barren . breathless . get as far away from this place as possible my love . find yourself a patch of green . ( he sigh ) it 's a chimera you know ? the world , the bank , you and I , Mr randolph - whackety - whack -belhatchett . all a illusion . he stare across the river , experience a wave of deep melancholy . ginty look up at he , aware of he profound unhappiness , but unable to understand its source . ext . suite - beverly hill HOTEL - night another untouched meal in the hallway . int . suite - beverly hill HOTEL - night pamela lie in the dark , the phone press to she ear . pamela ( into phone ) I loathe this place , Mr Russell . how can a place so sunny be so cold ? we do not hear what diarmuid say . pamela ( cont 'd ) I mean heartless . I be afraid a jumper would not suffice . it 's bring up this -- it 's so hot and stuffy I feel like I be be attack . this odd dream , like my subconscious be after I . punish I for entertaining the idea that I might hand she over . I be at war with myself Mr Russell . ( beat ) the script be ghastly , exactly as I expected -- ( beat ) yes , a few more day and then I will decide -- ( beat ) I know , I know I need the money . the money . the money . ( to herself ) money . it will bite you on the -- ( into phone ) it 's all a illusion you know Mr Russell ? all a illusion . ( beat ) very well . good morning and goodnight . she hang up the phone , and continue sit upright . Wide awake . stare into the darkness . pamela check through she multitude of pill bottle for something to help she . nothing . she groan as she drag herself out of bed , pace the room , count step . pamela ( cont 'd ) serve I right . money , money , money . bit I on the bot . her eye stray to the big mickey mouse . she drag it onto the bed with she and climb back under the cover , cling onto the stuff toy for comfort . int . rehearsal room - morning the room be decidedly more lively , with sketches of the cast and model of the set all about the place . and of course , the requisite abundance of brightly coloured food now accompany by some healthier option - vegetable and a fluorescent look soup . Bob and Dick be at the piano . Don sit in the corner , sketching energetically on he notepad what seem to be a cartoon sketch of pamela travers . dick it 's gotta be like a slogan ! bob her prescription for life . dick yeah ! yes ! a stitch in time ! bob a apple a day . don ( from across the room ) time and tide wait for -- bob sugar ! dick sugar ? dick ( cont 'd ) what ? that 's not -- bob Jeff have vaccination day at school yesterday . dick ouch . bob no ouch . dick no ouch ? bob sugar . they put it in a cube . dick Medicine in sugar ? bob cube 's a odd word . bob ( cont 'd ) spoonful ? Dick throw he hand and leg in the air almost fall off he stool ! don ( under ) yeah , we have sugar . ext . disney studio - burbank - morning pamela step from the car and Walt be there to greet she . walt May I walk with you ? pamela I be sure you country do not have any law about share a pavement . as they walk the sound of the piano filter out of the rehearsal room window and down onto the lot . int . rehearsal room - morning Dick be play about with a verse . bob go back to the chorus . dick &amp ; bob ( sing it incorrectly ) just a spoonful of sugar help the medicine go down ! bob wait ! wait ! she always do what 's unexpected . she go up the bannister . Dick be confuse . bob ( cont 'd ) so go up . Dick play a high note . bob ( cont 'd ) try B. he take a pencil from behind he ear and mark Dick 's sheet music . Dick immediately begin find the tune on the piano dick &amp ; bob ( sing `down ' in a up key ) just a spoonful of sugar help the medicine go down . Don look up from he sketching . dick yes ! the sound of Walt 's cough signal he imminent arrival . don man be in the forest . pamela and Walt enter the room . don ( cont 'd ) ( to walt ) I want you to hear this . ( to the boy ) play he what you get . Walt take a seat beside the piano . pamela fold she arm across she chest defiantly . dick it 's just a chorus - - bob tell we what you think . he know dum dum will help dum dum dum duuuum ! Bob whistle what will end up be the Robin 's part of the song . dick ( singing ) just a spoonful of sugar help the medicine go down -- the medicine go do - own , medicine go down just a spoonful of sugar help the medicine go down in a most de da dee daaa ! bob we will work out the other lyric . dick you see how it go up on the word down ? bob on the word down it go up ! pamela ( unhappy ) up. don it 's ironic . pamela be it ? walt forget ironic , it 's iconic . pamela roll she eye . pamela ( sarcastic ) bravo . walt I will not be able to stop sing that for week ! pamela it seem enormously patronise to I . the very sort of annoying tune you would have play in you theme park I daresay . all giddy and carefree , encourage child to face the world unarm . all they need be a spoon and some sugar and a brain full of fluff and they be equip with life 's tool . wonderful ! Dick be completely deflate . walt what 's you point Pam ? pamela mrs travers ! my point be that , unlike yourself , Mary poppin be the very enemy of sentiment and whimsy . she be truthful , she do not sugar coat the darkness in the world that this child will eventually come to know . she prepare they for it , she deal in honesty . one must clean one 's room ; it will not magically do it itself ! she wave the script in the air . pamela ( cont 'd ) this whole script be flim flam ! where be its reality ? where be its heart , where be the gravitas ? she open a window and fling the script out . pamela ( cont 'd ) no weight mister Disney ! see ? Dick , Don and Bob look out of the window as the page flutter downward and spread themselves over the Disney lot . walt no whimsy or sentiment say the woman who send a fly nanny with a talk umbrella to save the child . pamela you think Mary poppin be save the child Mr Disney ? pamela sigh , shake she head . pamela ( cont 'd ) oh dear . ext . disney studio - late afternoon pamela make she way to the bench she wait on for Ralph . she sit down , wrap she arm around herself , close she eye . pamela ( to herself ) it go up . ext . back paddock - allora - day Margaret sweat as she hang out laundry whilst desperately shushing she scream infant . margaret there there . shush shush now -- ginty and biddy run in and out of the sheet , chase a large hen that squawk and flap its wing try to escape the girl . margaret ( cont 'd ) ( to the girl ) if you could just -- traver ( calling ) ahoy goff ! the girl and Margaret look up , surprised to see travers so early . ginty Father ! she run at he and swing she high into the air with one arm , catch biddy with the other . margaret what a lovely surprise ! do you finish early ? traver I could not stop think about my beautiful girl on this beautiful day in this beautiful place and I think to hell with it ! ( to ginty and biddy ) and what do we say about beauty lady ? ginty / biddy / traver a thing of beauty be a joy forever ! margaret but -- traver but be for goat my love ! he dip she and smooches she . ginty &amp ; biddy urgh ! traver ( whisper to Margaret ) I will put in extra hour tomorrow . ( to ginty ) what be we play ? ginty the hen get out and we have be try to catch she ! travers spy the cluck demon . traver that 's no hen ! that 's aunt ellie , you mother 's horrendiferous sister ! ginty ( laughing ) that 's a make up word ! biddy really ?! ginty not the aunt ! ( beat ) Quick ! catch she before she fly away on the -- traver / ginty East wind ! travers throw he jacket to the ground and begin to chase the hen , tear through the clean sheet and tread they into the ground . margaret oh ! traver I will wash they again my love ! Margaret look at the dirty sheet and shrug . the kid run after they father squealing and giggle as the poor little hen run for its life . even the dog join in , Margaret go to retrieve the discard jacket and see a whisky bottle protrude from the inside pocket , she slip it back inside - out of sight , out of mind . traver ( cont 'd ) go sergeant ginty ! fell the beast ! ginty dive on the hapless bird , who peck she soundly and scarper . it 's chaos . travers , the girl , the dog and the evasive hen run into each other , fall over each other , cursing and laugh . ginty aunt ellie ! traver oh she 's a foul fowl ! int . traver's bedroom / children' bedroom - evening biddy and moya sleep but ginty be awake , the hen snuggle firmly under she arm . she can hear the tense voice of she parent . margaret -- darling , it 's just that um -- a little concerned -- traver -- meg sweet , I have a throat scratch - - margaret -- the bank be get you down again ? perhaps my sister -- traver God no ! no. I can endure . I will endure . for the girl 's sake -- just , please -- not ellie . margaret oh my dear -- travers weep and ginty close she eye , bury she little face in the hen feather . ginty ( whispering ) foul fowl . int . suite - beverly hill HOTEL - night pamela sit up in bed - lean back into the open arm of mickey mouse - apply face cream , then hand cream , she face be screw into a twist of unhappiness . ext . disney studio - burbank - night Disney sit on pamela 's bench , deep in contemplation . piano music tinkle from somewhere in the building and then a voice -- dick all around the cathedral the saint and apostle look down as she sell she ware Walt be drag from he thought and get up to follow the sound . dick ( cont 'd ) although you can not see it you know they be smile each time someone show that he care -- int . disney studio - burbank Walt walk towards the music room , visibly move by the song , a cough rattling in he throat . int . rehearsal room - night also in lamplight , Dick sherman sit at he piano . Bob asleep on a couch in the corner . Walt push the door open , Dick know he 's there but keep tinkling away . dick though she word be simple and few listen , listen , she 's call to you -- " feed the bird , tuppence a bag tuppence , tuppence , tuppence a bag . " walt that will work . Dick nod , still play . Walt make he way to the piano , sigh , sit next to Dick on the stool . walt ( cont 'd ) she 's go to say no be not she ? ( beat ) woman 's a conundrum . Dick stop play and flick to a new page of sheet music . dick a man have dream of walk with giant to carve he niche in the edifice of time ( singing ) before the mortar of he zeal have a chance to congeal the cup be dash from he lip the flame be snuffed aborn he 's bring to rack and ruin in he prime -- Walt laugh out loud , he sing with Dick read the lyric from the music sheet . walt &amp ; dick my world be calm , well order , exemplary then come this person , with chaos in she wake and now my life 's ambition go with one fall blow it 's quite a bitter pill to take . walt inspire by someone we know ? dick ( feigning innocence ) you would have to ask Bob . the man smile , bittersweet . dick ( cont 'd ) she might surprise we all . walt she will not . dick you do not know that . walt I do . I know it , I know it only too well . ( beat ) I have fight this battle from she side . Pat power , he want the mouse and I do not have a bean back then . Dick raise he eyebrow . walt ( cont 'd ) he be this big terrifying New York producer and I be just a kid from Missouri with a sketch of mickey but -- it woulda ' kill I to give he up . Walt peer down at the sleep bob. walt ( cont 'd ) honest to god kill I . that mouse , he 's family . ( beat ) go home . Walt leave the room . ext . beverly hill HOTEL - pool - night pamela sit by the pool , arm clasped around she , look at the star . the pink and green of the hotel shimmer in the water make it look like a chalk painting . traver ( v.o. ) the world be a illusion ginty . ext . goff house - allora - late afternoon ginty sit on the front step of the porch , arm clasped around she body , face to the sky . the sound of the evening close in - cricket , the last deafen chorus of the bird . travers walk up the path to they home , trail he suit jacket over he shoulder , he shirt and tie loosen . his shirtsleeve be mark with sweat . his face be a study of something close to despair . he look up to see pamela sit on the front step and immediately arrange he feature into a bright smile of greeting . traver ahh the countess Mary sparklestick ! pray tell I , what be you concentrate so hard on ? ginty I be lay egg ! traver really !? fabulous ! ginty today I be a hen . traver indeed ! I can see the feather sprout as we speak ! Margaret step out onto the veranda , take one look at she husband and know he be drunk . margaret helen goff , would you lay the table for supper please ? ginty I be not helen ! traver ( over ) she can not possibly lay a table ; she 's busy lay egg ! margaret I need -- ( help . ) traver she 's lay ! margaret ( she face contort in pain ) I be sorry ! she go back indoors and slam the door behind she . ginty get up to go indoors and travers catch she by the arm . he swallow hard , eye welling . traver ( urgent , he voice breaking ) do not you ever stop dream ginty my love . you can be anyone you want to be . anyone . ginty I want to be like you . traver do not . ( he choke ) do not leave yourself always search for -- something -- he cough to stop a cry jag and leave she alone on the porch . ginty be unnerve by she travers ' demeanor , she creep around to the side of the house where she watch she father appear in the window of the washroom . she do not know what to do as he lean he head against the wall and break down sobbing . omitted int . limo - morning Ralph look at pamela in he rear-view , she seem weak , the steely fight fly away on the East wind . her arm wrap around she chest , she face turn to the window . ralph ya alright Mrs ? pamela do not even hear he . int . allora school - afternoon ginty stare out of the window , in a daydream , a paintbrush in she hand , drip colour down she arm . she be nudge to the present by she teacher , mrs corry . mrs corry helen goff ? wake up dear . you want you banner to be ready for the fair do not you ? ginty turn back to she painting - she banner read : allora fair around the word ginty be painting a gorgeous carousel with stun horse , one of which be white with rose on its bridal . int . fairground - allora - day Margaret , biddy and ginty walk into the fairground . tents be erect , farmer show off they sheep , child clutch stick of cotton candy and a carousel spin with one stun white horse amongst the drearier other , rose upon its bridal . biddy Mrs brill say Father 's present the medal . margaret ( a flutter of pride ) he be indeed ! on behalf of the bank . int . rehearsal room - morning pamela stare out of the window , not really concentrate on what 's go on in the room . don Mrs travers ? again , she do not hear . don ( cont 'd ) Mrs travers ? pamela look at don. don ( cont 'd ) we be just say that we would like to play you the song in the bank . ( beat ) would that be good ? pamela nod , noncommittal . don ( cont 'd ) ( as daw snr ) so you have tuppence ? May I be permit to see it ? ( change voice to Michael bank ) no , I want it to feed the bird ! ( back to daw snr ) fiddlestick boy ! feed the bird and what have you get ? don / dick / bob fat bird ! dick ( sing more sotto than usual ) but ! if you invest you tuppence wisely in the bank ext . fairground - allora - day dick ( v.o. ) safe and sound -- a small stage and dais stand central of the event over which a large sign read : sponsored by the belhatchett bank of australia dick ( v.o. ) soon that tuppence safely invest in the bank will compound -- the allora townsfolk be out in force . ginty walk with she family . her father attempt to memorise speech note as they pass through the crowd . dick ( v.o. ) and you will achieve that sense of conquest -- Margaret nudge he as randolph belhatchett and he family walk past . traver ( clear he throat ) Mr belhatchett . randolph look at travers , then at travers shaking hand , he family nod and move on . Margaret look upset by this . dick ( v.o. ) as you affluence expands -- travers busy two immense stick of fairy floss and hand they to ginty and biddy . margaret travers , biddy 's stomach -- traver oh , for god ' sake , meg , stop whinnying like a old nag will you ? Margaret be aghast at be speak to like that in public but she keep she mouth shut . ginty notice travers eye stray towards the refreshment tent . ginty ( panicked ) Father - - will you ride the carousel with I !? but the refreshment tent have travers in its grip . traver meet you there in a blink of a eye ! int . rehearsal room - day as before . dick ( singing ) in the hand of the director who invest as propriety demand . ext . fairground - allora - day ginty stand with she family at the carousel , eyeing the refreshment tent . margaret ( to ginty ) I will take biddy to get ready for she dance . ( beat ) where 's you father ? Margaret see the direction of ginty 's gaze . her face fall but she take biddy by the hand and head for the stage . margaret ( cont 'd ) come on biddy . int . refreshment tent - day ginty appear in the tent 's entrance . on first glance she see only a unidentified group of local drinker . relief begin to dawn and she turn away . it be then that she hear travers laugh , and turn back to see the group part , revealing travers at its centre . traver indeed , a publish poet -- she take a deep breath and move forward , grab travers hand . ginty Father , come and look . biddy 's dance . traver in a moment , my princess . I be talk . ( beat ) back in Ireland , I miss she green hill so -- ginty but she 's -- she really want you to watch , dad . you will miss it . traver not now biddy ! ginty I be ginty . traver ginty ! shoo ! devastate , ginty do not know what to do , she pull at he shirt sleeve again . ginty you say do not give up . a waiter approach and take she by the arm , lead she away . waiter Excuse I , miss . it 's gentleman only in this section of the tent . I think you will be more comfortable at the far end . ( beat ) be you alright sweetheart ? ginty ( to waiter ) I be scared my father be -- despair she look up and see she mother , carry moya , in the entrance . her mother 's face fall and crumple . ext . fairground - allora - continuous travers step heavily , one at a time , up the step onto the dais , and find he way to the speaker 's podium . Margaret and ginty watch , heart in mouth , biddy blissfully unaware . traver good afternoon , distinguished guest , we biggest supporter Mr randolph belhatchett and he lovely wife , lady and gentleman , boy and girl ! randolph look at travers with displeasure and then at one of the bank staff . randolph why be he speak for the bank ? bank worker he 's the manager . traver I be honoure to be here on behalf of the belhatchett Bank of Australia . shortly , it will be my very pleasant duty to present the award to we young performer . but before I begin , I would like to say a very few word to we very youngest citizen about the role of the - er , the Bank in we community . ginty allow herself to breathe . so far , so good . margaret he 's use too many `very ' . he always say `very ' too much when he be -- she can not say it . ginty take she mother 's hand but Margaret push the hand away . int . rehearsal room - continuous pamela turn away from Don and the sherman and take herself to look at a sketch of Mr bank , pin to the wall , he still have a moustache . don ( as daw snr ) very well , my boy , give I the money ( as michael ) no I will not I want it to feed the bird ! ( as daw snr ) bank ! ( as bank ) yes sir . now micheal ... dick when you deposit tuppence in a bank account , ( more ) dick ( cont 'd ) soon you will see that it bloom into credit of a generous amount semiannually ext . fairground - allora - continuous travers be now in lip synch with Dick sherman . traver dick ( v.o. ) and you will achieve that sense and you will achieve that sense of stature of stature as you influence expands as you influence expands to the high financial strata to the high financial strata that establish credit now that establish credit now command -- command -- int . rehearsal room - continuous Don be up and sing with the boy . they be enjoy themselves so much that they do not notice pamela 's eye well slightly . don / dick / bob you can purchase first and second trust deed think of the foreclosure ! bond ! chattel ! dividend ! share ! ext . fairground - allora - continuous as before . traver bankruptcy ! debtor sale ! opportunity ! all manner of private enterprise ! shipyard ! the mercantile ! colliery ! tannery ! incorporation ! amalgamation ! bank ! int . rehearsal room - continuous as before . don ( as daw snr ) while stand the bank of England . England stand ! ext . fairground - allora - continuous there 's a smatter of applause , travers be encourage , Margaret and ginty look relieved , even hopeful . but then travers momentarily look lose , a slight breeze tug the speech note from he hand and they float down in front of the dais . traver uhmm . thank you kindly . thanking you . now - - what , what be I do next ? oh ! it 's a marvellous idea to encourage child to open account . my daughter , the princess ginty -- she 's -- uh . ( look at ginty ) how old be you ? come up here . ginty - what ? I ? ginty glance to she mother and then , on tremble leg , make she way forward and up the stair onto the dais . Margaret watch , grow uneasy . traver ( cont 'd ) ginty have a bank account -- and that 's good . give she a drink ! the audience be shocked . traver ( cont 'd ) ( mumbling ) I mean give she a hand . everyone be beginning to look uncomfortable . traver ( cont 'd ) I shall return in just a moment to present the award . but right now I must -- relieve myself . gasp from the audience . Margaret - die . traver ( cont 'd ) give we you shoulder , ginty , will you ? I be busting . there 's a good girl . Father and daughter walk towards the edge of the stage , travers lean on ginty 's shoulder . the shameful glare of allora burn into they . don ( o.s. ) when fall the bank of England , England fall ! travers somehow lose he foot before reach the step and topple off the stage . there 's a audible , horrible snap as he land in a undignify pile . but , despite he ugly injury , travers can not stop laugh . int . rehearsal room - continuous the boy be laugh , congratulate one another . don I love it ! dick you think Walt 's gonna like it ? pamela take a last look at the Mr bank picture and spin around viciously . pamela why do you have to make he so cruel ? the boy jubilance be halt immediately . pamela ( cont 'd ) he be not a monster ! don who be we talk about ? I be confuse . pamela you all have child yes ? don yes . dick bob yep. yes . pamela and do that child write you letter , make drawing for you ? don of course . dick mine like to make fold paper -- pamela ( cut he off ) and would you tear up that gift ? in front of they ?! silence . they know where this be go . pamela ( cont 'd ) it 's a dreadful thing to do ! I do not understand ! why must father tear up the advertisement he child have write and throw it in the fireplace !? why will not he mend they kite ? why have you make he so unspeakably awful ? ( beat ) for all the world to see , in glorious technicolor ? you claim to make they live -- if that happen can not he ? can not they at least live well ? pamela choke back a sudden rush of distress . pamela ( cont 'd ) I can not bear it . ( softly ) please don 't -- the boy be shocked at the level of upset . pamela ( cont 'd ) please do not -- I will feel like I let he down again -- she leave the room , head hang . int . traver bedroom - goff house - day travers be in bed , he leg elevate and set with plaster . he be shaking badly with dt 's , he mood be poisonous . ginty sit on the edge of the bed as the doctor pack up he bag . traver I do not suppose there 's any more you can give I for the pain ? the doctor shake he head at travers wanton greed for more . doctor ( leave the room ) when will enough be enough travers ? ginty I have bring you something father . traver be a darling ginty my old pal ! help father out will not you ? ginty be wary . traver ( cont 'd ) in my washroom -- there 's a bottle of medicine that father need -- ginty mother take it away . travers slam he fist on the bed , scare ginty . traver godammit ! nervous , hopeful , ginty withdraw a fold sheet of paper from she pocket . ginty I write a poem for you . it - it win first prize , at school . travers take the page , try to hold it steady in he shaking hand . ginty ( cont 'd ) would you like I to read it to you ? the agony as ginty watch the shaking hand . finally , the humiliation be too much for travers . he scan the page rapidly and lower he hand . traver it 's hardly yeat , be it ? ginty be devastate . but more than this there 's a harden in she small face , a sense of disillusionment that so far she 's hold in check . here be the first sign of the pamela to come . int . disney studio - burbank - day pamela rush from the rehearsal room , down the corridor , she face twisted , desperately try to maintain composure . Don rush out after she . don Mrs travers ! he stop , recognize she do not need to be follow . int . kitchen - goff house - day ginty rummages through kitchen cabinet , drawer , the trash but do not find what she 's look for . ext . disney studio - burbank - day pamela rush past minnie mouse and Daisy duck , through the lot , past Ralph - who 's take he lunch at the cafeteria - and towards a patch of green , a communal lawn at the back of a soundstage . ext . goff house - day ginty fight the smell of the warm rubbish in the midday sun as she ransack the outdoor trash can , finally find what it be she 's look for . ext . grass area - disney studio - burbank - day pamela flop down onto the ground , digging she finger into the dirt and lawn . int . traver bedroom - goff house - day ginty creep into she father 's room , he sleep fitfully , and press the half - full bottle into he hand . cover both hand and bottle with he bed cover before leave the room . ext . grass area - disney studio - burbank - day pamela pick a daisy , find a stray twig and arrange they in the grass . ralph Mrs ? pamela look up , she eye be red rimmed but she 's not cry . ralph ( cont 'd ) I , uh , bring you a tea . he hand she the tea in a takeaway cup . pamela it 's blasphemy to drink tea from a paper cup . Ralph , shift nervously from foot to foot . he 's not quite sure what to say to she or why he bring the tea . pamela put the tea down and continue to fiddle with bit and piece of twig and bloom that she 's pluck from the area around she . ralph everything okay ma'am ? would you like I to drive you home ? pamela all the way to England ? yes , please . Ralph lower himself onto he haunch . ralph you get family back there Mrs ? pamela you be a impertinent man you know ? you ask a awful lot of question that have no relevance to you be able to carry out you duty . ralph ( laughing ) I know ! I do , do that . yes ! pamela and you have no barometer . Ralph be confuse . pamela ( cont 'd ) let we say that I have not family who would notice whether I be halfway across the world or sit in my live room . she pull a thread from the hem of she skirt , tie two twig together . ralph ma 'am ; I -- Ralph see that she have a little collection of thing , he look around for some more . pamela take a stick and dig a small line through the grass then hand it to he . pamela make a little furrow , there . Ralph dutifully do as he 's tell , look over he shoulder for fear of be catch digging hole in Disney soil . Ralph poke the ground , think . ralph I gotta kid . pamela well , most people do . ralph Jane -- she 's get all kind of trouble . pamela raise a eyebrow . ralph ( cont 'd ) handicapped you know ? myelitis -- transverse . ( beat ) she 's in a wheelchair see ? that 's why I concern myself with the weather -- sunny day she can sit out in the garden . rainy day I have to leave she coope up inside . ( beat ) worry `bout the future , but then I stop cuz you can not do that . only today . pamela take the plastic lid off the paper cup and poke hole in it . pamela now look . she take the lid , twig now stick out of the poke hole and place it in the centre of what we now see be one of pamela 's tiny park , she gently rest a leaf on the twig strut form a roof . pamela ( cont 'd ) it 's a band stand . she take the cup of tea and gently pour the steaming liquid into Ralph 's trench , which run all the way around the park . ralph a river ! pamela ( correcting he ) Lake . ralph Lake . ( beat ) hey ! I wish I could take she there ! he point at the miniature park . pamela would not that be nice ? int . ginty biddy &amp ; moya' bedroom - night ginty , biddy and moya sleep soundly , ginty clutching the poem to she chest . the door creep open and Margaret stand in the shadow look at she child , tear stream down she face but she seem calm , something have cross over in she eye . there 's just nothing there -- margaret ( whispering ) I know you give it to he . ( squeezing ginty 's hand ) all the hope be in the bottom of that bottle , helen . ginty mother ? margaret I want you to take care of the child . ginty be groggy , she do not understand . margaret ( cont 'd ) watch over they . ginty sit up . margaret ( cont 'd ) I know you love you father more . but one day you will understand . ginty what ? Margaret leave the room and ginty be straight out of bed follow she . behind , in the room , moya have awoken and be cry . ext . goff house - allora - night ginty run out onto the porch where she see she mother in she white nightdress stride purposefully through the garden like some ethereal ghost . ginty mother ! she run out into the yard but stop as she hear biddy . biddy ( o.s. ) ginty ! ginty turn back to the house and then back towards she mother but Margaret have disappear into the darkness . ginty ( calling ) mother ! mother ! the baby be scream now . int . ginty biddy &amp ; moya' bedroom - night ginty wrench the eiderdow off the bed and wrap biddy in it , she scoops moya up from the crib . biddy where 's mar ? ginty once upon a time there be three little girl alone in a house . they be frighten of the big wide world just outside the door . she take they through the hallway , stop momentarily outside the door to she father bedroom . it be slightly ajar and he look incredibly frail and delirious . ginty ( cont 'd ) they be so afraid . she move forward , she eye flit to the front door , expect she mother to be stand there any minute but there be nothing . ext . creek - night the mud-stain hem of Margaret 's nightdress sweep along the ground , as she foot move towards , and then into , the water of the creek . one step , two , three , the water come up over she ankle , soaking the nightgown . ginty ( v.o. ) but the star be guard they , they glitter as they speak " we shall send a guide to show they the way to the magical ladder which will bring they all the way up to see US " ext . live room - goff house - night biddy and moya be calming as ginty place the girl in front of the fireplace . ginty and who do you think that sparkling messenger send ? who be it that come fly through the starry , starry sky to carry we up to see they ? ginty wrap moya in a blanket and put she in biddy 's arm . biddy a elf ? ext . porch - goff house - night ginty begin to untie Albert from the fence still speak to the girl through the window . ginty they old uncle Albert of course ! ( beat , to biddy ) stay right here , be good -- ginty climb atop the horse . biddy be you go to the sky ? ginty I be go to find the end of the story so I can bring it back for you ! biddy be it happy ? ext . paddock - night ginty ride fast , desperately search the darkness for she mother and turn back frequently to check that the lamp still burn on the porch . ext . creek - night Margaret be up to she neck in the freezing water of the creek . shiver cold . she will herself forward into the water . she want to sink down and simply float away . from behind she come the clip clopping of hoof . Margaret turn she head and there , atop the horse , be ginty . Margaret begin to weep . ginty jump down from the horse and rush to she mother , wading into the water to grab hold of she . ginty bob up and down in front of she mother in the deep water . margaret sometimes a person we love , through no fault of he own , can not see past the end of he nose . ginty it 's time to go home , mar . she reach out she hand -- omitted int . suite - evening pamela look through a stack of book intently , jotting something down on a piece beverly Hills Hotel stationery every now and then . presently , the phone ring . pamela almost jump out of she skin . she rush to grab it . pamela ( into phone ) Mrs travers ! hello ! int . disney's office - burbank - evening . Walt sit at he desk , flick through cartoon drawing of penguin . walt ( cough into phone ) Pam ! intercut between phone call as necessary . pamela ( disappointed ) Mr Disney . walt callin ' to check up on you . pamela be you a doctor ? walt hm ? pamela check up be for medical practitioner no ? walt Pam , be you always so battle ready ? p.l. travers in she breast plate and chain mail , sword up in the air and off with you head ! pamela what can I do for you mister Disney ? walt please , I beg of you , please please call I Walt . pamela Walt -- er. walt I hear thing do not go so well today . pamela they go as well as they have go every other day that I have be here . I do not recall `special ' phone call from you on any of that other evening . walt what 's this all about Pam ? really ? silence . walt ( cont 'd ) I be wonder what I have to do to make you happy . pamela ha ! walt be not you wonder that too ? silence . walt ( cont 'd ) ( he have a idea ) you know , you have never be to disneyland ! it 's the happiest place on Earth ! ( shouting away from the phone ) tommie ! cancel my morning tomorrow . I be take a ride with my favorite author ! ( into phone ) any excuse . pamela I can not tell you how uninterested , no , positively sicken I be at the think of go to see you dollar printing machine Mr -- walter . she notice mickey 's innocent eye stare at she and gently turn he face away . walt oh come on ! when do anybody get to go to disneyland with Walt Disney himself ?! pamela disappointment be to the soul what the thunderstorm be to the air . Walt slam the phone down . pamela stare at it in shock ! pamela ( cont 'd ) hello ? hello ? he hang up ! I be ! i! I can not believe he hang up ! Walt lean back in he chair and grin , tommie enter . walt I be not a violent man tommie but if Mrs p.l. travers be to get hit by a large truck I - - ( he do not allow himself to finish ) int . rehearsal room - day Dick , Bob and Don be drain . they stare at each other in silence . just the look tell we how much this all mean to they . it 's desperate . Walt fling the door to the room open . walt okay boy . we gotta fix this . int . goff house - traver bedroom - allora - morning ginty sit beside she father , he be restless and sweat in he sleep as she wipe he face with a damp sponge . the sound of a buggy pull up outside break the silence . margaret ( o.s. ) oh my ! and then a new voice , clear as a crystal bell . aunt ellie ( o.s. ) Margaret , my poor child . I simply have to come . we must fix this . travers eye spring wide open in horror . traver the aunt . int . goff house - allora - morning a parrot head umbrella hang from the back of a chair . a enormous carpetbag - similar to the one pamela carry - plonke on the live room table and there beside it , upright , impose and matronly be aunt ellie herself . Hair scrape back , hand neatly perch inside she apron pocket - a very different version but Mary poppin all the same . ginty look on in awed silence as ellie begin to remove a endless supply of belonging from she bag . ellie now , I have bring every new fangle treatment available in Sydney . biddy be open mouth . ellie ( cont 'd ) Close you mouth please biddy , we be not a codfish . ( to both girl ) I spy a multitude of job to be do ! margaret they have be so worried -- I have -- ellie do stop babbling nonsense ! I be here now and I shall fix everything . ( beat ) Girls ! ( beat ) feverfew and camomile to lower he body temperature . garlic , sorrel , sage . deadly nightshade . and if that do not work -- well I should not like to say . Young pamela and biddy look on in a kind of bewilder trance as item after item emerge from the carpetbag . ellie ( cont 'd ) -- tincture of horseradish -- laudanum -- ( to ginty and biddy ) ( more ) ellie ( cont 'd ) I think I have make it quite clear you be to begin help . ellie clap she hand together . ellie ( cont 'd ) spit spot ! int . limosine - morning Ralph drive along solemnly . pamela look out of the window , confuse . pamela where be we --? this be not the way . ralph Change of venue this morning apparently . pamela ( realize where she 's be taken ) ugh . ralph I be think about we -- tea party ? pamela I be sure I do not know what you be -- ralph ( over ) yesterday , the little park . pamela Little park ? I have not a clue what you be talk about . ralph but -- pamela concentrate on the road . always chitter chatter ! ext . disneyland entrance - day Ralph drive pamela up to the entrance to the park . two security guard stop the car briefly and then the gate pull open to reveal Walt Disney wait for pamela . int . car - continuous Ralph be goggle - eye at see Walt . ralph oh ! be not that nice ? Holy mackerel ! wowzer . never meet he myself but there he be ! right there . Real . live , breathe . oh boy ! ext . disneyland - day Ralph jump out of the car to let he passenger out but Disney be there first . walt welcome to the Magic Kingdom ! pamela step out of the car and she eye nearly pop out of she head with brightness of the place , unbelievable colour and excitement . pamela be it all like this ? pamela pop a headache pill . walt yup ! be not it wonderful ? Ralph hover at the car , fill he eyeball with as much Walt Disney as he can get before he have to drive away . pamela do you always get everything you want walter ? walt pretty much ! pamela with the exception to the rights to my book of course ! walt War be not over yet Pam ! Walt take pamela by the arm and lead she through the gate and a murmur go through the crowd as they gawp . a young woman break free and rush up to Walt . young woman I love you so much ! can I --? she proffer a pen and paper but Walt be prepare , he take a sign postcard with he face on it from he top pocket and hand it to the woman . pamela ( disgust ) pre-sign ? walt ( to woman ) you should get hers too . ( gesture to pamela ) this woman 's a bona fide genius ! the woman look expectantly at pamela who just snort . she realize she 's get nothing and , clutching she precious postcard to she chest , melt back into the crowd who part like the red sea for Walt and he guest . ext . MAIN STREET - disneyland - continuous Walt and pamela make they way down Main Street . Walt stop anyone from get too close by immediately hand out postcard to anyone who get near . walt in adventureland there be a tree -- this be a fun fact . a titbit . pamela tidbit . walt ( over ) it have three million leave , four million flower . pamela gosh . walt and they say only God could make a tree ! pamela roll she eye . there be a protract silence as they walk , both encompass by they own thought . the sunshine , the joyful crowd just background colour . they pass by a store front and Walt glance up at the window . it read : elias Disney contractor est. 1895 . pamela notice the look but do not say anything . walt ( cont 'd ) where do she come from ? pamela who ? walt I think you know who . pamela she fly in through the window one day . walt through the window huh ? pamela nod curtly . walt ( cont 'd ) it 's just that easy be not it Mrs travers ? he see right through she . walt ( cont 'd ) I know you do not wanna be here so I be gonna take you to one ride -- my favourite amusement and then I will set you free . Way ahead of they the carousel spin in the distance . ext . king arthur' carousel - disneyland - day the carousel slow to a halt and a herd of excited child climb down from the horse and disappear into the park . walt Mrs travers , I would be honoure if you would ride jingle . she 's Mrs Disney 's favourite horse . he escort pamela to a beautiful white horse , rose on it 's bridal . pamela no thank you . I be happy to watch . walt no great joy than that see through the eye of a child . pamela look at the child climb onto the carousel . walt ( cont 'd ) there 's a child in we all . pamela maybe in you mister Disney , but certainly not i. walt get on the horse pamela ! pamela sigh and allow Walt to help she onto the horse . walt ( cont 'd ) when we first meet , you say to I `they be family . ' pamela I say what ? walt Mary poppin , the bank 's , they be family . ( beat ) the boy have have a idea for you mister bank . I think it will make you happy . pamela you bring I all the way out here to tell I that ? walt no . I bring you all the way out here for monetary gain . have a wager with the boy that I could not get you on a ride . I win ! he clamber onto he own horse , gesture to the ride controller and off they go ! pamela gently bob up and down , Walt wave to she and she see the unbridle thrill from the child in mister Disney spilling out . the tiniest , tiniest of smile threaten to surface on she lip as he point a finger in the air as if shoot for the star . walt ( cont 'd ) yah ! int . traver's bedroom - allora - day travers have a violent cough fit , he look to he hand , disturb to see blood there . he grimace at ellie who have she back to he as she fold clothes , a look of deep satisfaction on she face . ellie well begin , be half do ! his face soften as he hazy gaze fall upon ginty , outside the window , sweeping . they eye meet for a brief moment , a unspoken understanding of what be to come , before he close with tiredness . int . rehearsal room - day all the table have be push to the wall , Don be just push the last one away as pamela come in , follow by dolly with the tray carry pamela 's tea . don good morning Mrs travers ! she look at the new arrangement of the room . pamela what horror have you in store for my beautiful character today , hm ? Bob clenches a fist but Dick give he a look that say : keep calm . don now , Mrs travers you sit here . he usher she to a chair face the centre of the room . he hand page to Bob and page to dolly . Don and dolly drop to they knee so that they be half the height of Bob . pamela raise a eyebrow . don ( cont 'd ) we think about what you say Mrs travers and Mr bank be not cruel . he be not . we have get a new end for the film . oh god , I hope you like it . Bob pull a kite out from behind he back . don ( cont 'd ) ( as michael ) Michael say , " he mend it ! it 's wonderful ! " dolly ( as jane ) however do you manage it ? pamela ( to herself ) he mend it ? Dick strike a chord on the piano . dick ( singing ) with tuppence for paper and string you can have you own set of wing with you foot on the ground you be a bird in flight with you fist hold tight to the string of you kite oh oh oh oh Bob take the hand of Don and dolly and he dance around with they ( awkwardly as they be still on they knee and Bob have a limp . ) pamela 's eye on the fix kite . dick &amp ; bob let 's go fly a kite up to the high height let 's go fly a kite and send it soaring up through the atmosphere up where the air be clear oh let 's go fly a kite Don notice pamela 's foot tapping , he stand up . don and then Mrs bank go to fetch she suffragettes ribbon . dolly ( as Mrs bank ) " a proper kite need a proper tail do not you think ?! " Don drop to he knee again . bob / dick / don / dolly let 's go fly a kite up to the high height be pamela hum too ?! bob / dick / don / dolly ( cont 'd ) let 's go fly a kite and send it soaring Don bow to pamela put he hand out to she and to he surprise , she accept and they begin to waltz . pamela be surprisingly elegant and accomplish . bob / dick / don / dolly / pamela up through the atmosphere up where the air be clear oh let 's go fly a kite everybody be up and dance , it 's like something out of a Disney movie ! dick when you send it fly up there all at once you be lighter than air dolly break away and rush from the room . dick ( cont 'd ) you can dance on the breeze over house and tree -- int . disney outer office - day dolly pants she way to the top of the stair , and see Walt just about to enter he office . dolly Mr Disney ! Walt ! Walt spin around . dolly ( cont 'd ) I be sorry to interrupt . it 's just she -- she 's dance ! Mrs travers . she 's dance with Don ! he crack a great big smile . dick ( v.o. ) with you fist hold tight to the string of you kite int . rehearsal room - day as before . bob / dick / don / pamela oh oh oh oh let 's go fly a kite up to the high height let 's go fly a kite and send it soaring up through the atmosphere up where the air be clear oh let 's go fly a kite ! they all collapse in a heap , exhaust and thrilled . pamela well . bob well ? pamela yes ! he fix the kite ! oh , I love it ! Dick punch the air . pamela ( cont 'd ) though proper English would be ` let we go and fly a kite . ' Bob glare at she . pamela ( cont 'd ) but I might be willing to overlook that . bob do we get that on tape ? everybody sigh with relief and pamela look to the caricature of Mr bank with deep warmth . int . traver bedroom - goff house - evening ginty sit with she father , he 's a shadow of he former self , extremely ill . the shaking have stop , he lip be parched and blueish . traver look at you -- all ship shape . travers reach up a shaking hand and muss up ginty 's perfectly plait hair . ginty I re-wrote the poem father . travers do not respond . ginty reach into she pocket , take out tuppence . ginty ( cont 'd ) the aunt give I tuppence . she show it to he in she open palm . ginty ( cont 'd ) shall I buy you something father ? traver ( barely audible ) pear -- int . suite - beverly hill HOTEL - night pamela sit bolt upright in bed , panicked . pamela Father ? ext . goff house - allora - day ginty skip off the porch , clutching she tuppence . chatter to herself about pear . ext . laurel canyon - morning the limo crest the top of the hill . int . limo - morning Ralph admire the view as he always do . pamela do you know you be quite right ? it be beautiful . exquisite . ralph it 's always new . int . rehearsal room - day pamela lean on the piano peer at she script . the boy be dot about the room ; all be mid-work . don ( to pamela ) so jolly holiday 's in ? pamela as you wish . pamela be genuinely curious . pamela ( cont 'd ) now , how in the world do mister Disney propose to train penguin to dance ?! bob be you serious ? pamela I have hear about he implausibly leave tree so I assume he do have some insane penguin wrangle scheme but it do seem rather far fetch . can you train penguin ? don ( laughing ) no I do not think you can train a actual -- dick ( over ) they be animated . pamela be confound . pamela sorry ? don Dick . dick cartoon . he draw a little squiggle in the air to illustrate he point . don Dick . pamela 's face turn beetroot red , she push herself away from the table and storm out of the room , slamm the door behind she . don ( cont 'd ) crap . dick what ? be we get real penguin ? int . disney - outer office - day pamela come storming into the office suite . dolly smile up from she desk . dolly good afternoon Mrs travers ! pamela where be mister Disney ? dolly if you would like to take a seat -- pamela I would not like to take a seat thank you . I would like to -- she head for Disney 's office and dolly be up and run after she down the corridor . dolly Mrs travers , please ! pamela blow past tommie 's desk . pamela disney ! int . walt office - day pamela push open Walt 's door , catch he in the midst of signing a stack of postcard of he grin face , a unlit cigarette in he pen hand . tommie Walt , I be so sorry . walt do not worry tommie , please close the door . Disney gesture to he cigarette . walt ( cont 'd ) never let anybody see I smoking . I would hate to encourage bad habit . please , sit down . pamela I shall not sit in the seat of a trickster ! a fraudster ! a sneak ! walt pamela -- pamela mrs traver . please ! walt Mrs travers , what in the world have upset you so ? pamela penguin ! Walt be confuse . pamela ( cont 'd ) penguin have very much upset I mister Disney ! animate , dance penguin ! now , you have seduce I with the music Mr Disney , yes you have . that sherman boy have quite turn my head but I shall not be move on the matter of cartoon . not one inch sir ! walt it 's a sequence -- pamela you promise I . you promise I that this film would not be a animation ! walt and it be not ! pamela so they be real penguin ? walt no they be animated . pamela ( sudden realization ) oh. ( to herself , smile ruefully ) you foolish old woman . pamela reach into she purse and pull out the assignment of rights papers and leave they on the table . pamela ( cont 'd ) good day mister Disney . she turn on she heel and leave . Disney stare at the page aghast . walt Pam ! pamela ! Mrs travers ! wait ! int . disney - outer office - day pamela fly past dolly 's desk . pamela please call my driver and have he pick I up . dolly yes mar 'am , when ? pamela now ! ext . disney studio - day pamela flee to she bench , wrapping she arm around herself . Disney come after she . walt please Mrs travers -- you must listen . pamela you should not make promise you can not keep , especially to child , they hold on to they you see ? and that promise they just sit there inside of they , like little dose of poison , all that break promise , eat away forever . walt pamela ? I do not understand why this be so hard for you . please , make I understand -- pamela the book be not write for the child . they be write for the promise breaker . walt the promise breaker ? Mrs travers I - - but she 's go , face to the sky , eye close , breathe . walt ( cont 'd ) Mrs travers ? Ralph pull up and get out of the car . ralph woah ! mister Disney ! walt hi. ralph hi ! I be such a huge fan . it 's such a honour to -- he suddenly see that pamela be more deeply entrench in herself than usual and he priority become she . ralph ( cont 'd ) ( to walt ) Excuse I . Ralph move past Walt and gently tap pamela on the shoulder , she open she eye , relieved to see he . ralph ( cont 'd ) you ready to go Mrs ? pamela yes . thank you . walt pamela -- pamela ( tearing up ) I be so sorry mister Disney . to have put everyone to so much trouble . walt you must reconsider . you must . pamela I simply can not give she up . not yet . perhaps not ever . I do not know why disney you do know why ! pamela I can not , he 's -- disney he 's ? pamela I just -- Goodbye Mr Disney . she go to get in the car and Disney put a hand to stop she but Ralph block it . ralph the lady 's ready to go now sir . Walt step away and Ralph close the door to the car . walt he 's ? Walt watch the car disappear , wrack with frustration and confusion . he take a seat on pamela 's bench and wrap he arm around himself and look to the sky . ext . lax - day Ralph climb out of the limo and open the back door for pamela . he gesture for a valet to come and take she bag and open the trunk of the car . ralph it 's be a pleasure drive you Mrs. pamela no one like a fibber . ralph ( chuckle ) I really have enjoy it . do not know who you be at first and then guess what ? pamela you find out ? ralph I be tell my daughter all about my day and how I be drive this nice writer lady , Mrs travers for Mr Disney and -- pamela and -- ralph and -- ( he lean into the passenger window ) and she make I go to she bedroom and get this ! ( he pull out a Mary poppins book ) can not stop read it . I be very slow mind you . pamela smile . pamela would you like I to sign it ? ralph ( delighted ) would you ?! pamela I would be honoure . Ralph hand she he pen and she begin to write . pamela ( cont 'd ) you daughter name ? ralph Jane . pamela really ? ralph uh huh . like the girl in the book . pamela ( read as she write ) to Jane and she dearest father -- ( she look at he ) I have just this instant realize I do not know you name . ralph Ralph . she shake he hand . pamela pamela . ralph pamela . pamela you be the only american I have ever like , Ralph . Ralph be chuff to bit . ralph May I ask why ? pamela no . now take this -- she hand he the piece of beverly Hills Hotel stationery with she note on . ralph ( reading ) Albert Einstein , Van gogh , Roosevelt , frida kahlo-- ( beat ) what be this ? pamela they all have difficulty . Jane can do anything that anyone else can do , do you understand ? Ralph look at she in awe . pamela ( cont 'd ) look at the bottom . ralph Walt Disney ! pamela deficiency in concentration and hyperactive behavior . explain everything ! pamela turn to leave . ralph thank you Mrs. pamela do not look back . int . disney - outer office - late afternoon tommie and dolly silence they gossipe as a tired and break Walt Disney appear in front of they . walt she 's go ? tommie look down at she paperwork and nod at Walt apologetically . tommie Flight leave 10 minute ago . tommie hand he the itinerary , he glare at it . walt ( expect to read she name ) pamela tra -- ( beat ) goff ? who 's helen goff ? tommie her . that 's she real name . Walt be confuse . dolly yuh , do not you know ? she 's all hoity toity . british this and british that and she 's really a aussie call helen goff . stuck up -- walt then who 's travers ? tommie and dolly look at each other and shrug . walt ( cont 'd ) ( smile to himself ) I have be talk to the wrong person . ext . goff house - day ginty skip up the path , clutching a brown paper bag . she ruffle Andrew 's fur before enter the house . int . goff house - day ginty sense something wrong , she hear hushed , urgent and emotional voice in the hall . she poke she head into the hallway . there , huddle together , whisper be she mother , the doctor and aunt ellie . ellie be hold a pile of blood stain sheet . ginty stand freeze , try to still the panicked beat of she heart . Margaret spy ginty and move towards she as if in slo-mo . there be fleck of blood on she dress . she be ashen , shattered . she come down to ginty 's level . margaret daddy -- ginty can not react . Margaret sweep she into she arm and ginty drop the brown paper bag ; it tear and scatter pear all over the floor . ginty 's eye fix on aunt ellie 's umbrella on the back of the chair , draw into its beady black eye . ginty I want to see my father . margaret no , you must not . ginty I want to see he ! suddenly she turn into a wildcat - lash , thrashing , bite , scream . nothing will stop she see travers . aunt ellie let she go Margaret . Margaret be force to let go and ginty run for she father 's bedroom . int . traver ' bedroom - day ginty stand in the bedroom , a long way from the bed . she stand there , it seem , for a eternity . then , finally , step by step she draw closer . the empty bottle on the floor . the sheet twisted , still wet with sweat , fleck and spot with blood . the front of she father 's nightdress be also bloodstain . ginty 's eye reach he face . travers lie , eye open , mouth open , tooth slightly red-stain , neither peaceful nor distress . just -- nothing . ginty I drop the pear . she perches on the edge of the bed and take he hand . ginty ( cont 'd ) I be sorry daddy . ellie appear in the doorway , ginty address she without turn around . ginty ( cont 'd ) you promise you would fix everything . ext . shawfield STREET - london - day a black London taxi pull up outside the house . pamela climb out of the car , struggle to pull she huge mickey mouse out too . int . shawfield STREET - london - day pamela move through the vestibule , lug she suitcase . pamela hello house . int . pamela' live room - night pamela sit in a chair in the live room watch in darkness . she gently close she eye , ringed with sadness and a lifetime 's despair . there 's a knock at the door and she jolt awake , she do not know how long she 's be asleep but it 's black outside . she get up and rush to the door as quickly as she foot will take she . she swing it open . pamela oh dear god ! stand on the doorstep be Walt Disney . pamela be , quite literally , speechless . walt it be one heck of a job get a seat on the very next flight , let I tell you . pamela but , you always get what you want eventually . be not that right walter ? he look down at she hand clench into a fist and shaking . walt how about you show I how to make one of that nice English pot of tea ? int . pamela' drawing room - night pamela sit at the table , as Disney carry in a tray with a teapot , a milk jug , a sugar bowl and two cup . this he place on the table and proceed to pour tea . pamela milk . the milk go in first . he attend to it . walt I remember . pamela and whiskey . I will have whiskey in mine . Disney follow she gesture to the whiskey decanter . she take it from he and pour a generous slug into she teacup . walt ( surprised ) oh. ( beat ) oh well , when in Rome ! he pour a slug into he tea too . pamela you have come to change my mind . to beat I into submission . walt no , I have come because you misjudge I . pamela how do I misjudge you ? walt you look at I and you see some kind of Hollywood King Midas . ( more ) walt ( cont 'd ) you think I have build a empire and that I want to use you Mary poppin as just another brick in my kingdom . you think I see she with a carpetbag full of greenback . pamela and do not you ? walt if that be all it be would I have pursue a cranky , stubborn dame like you for twenty year ? I would have have save myself a ulcer ! ( beat ) no , you expect I to disappoint you and so you make sure I do . you see , I think life disappoint you , Mrs travers . I think it 's do that a lot . maybe Mary poppin be the only person in you life who have not . pamela Mary poppin be not real . walt oh , no , that 's not true . she 's real as can be to my daughter 's and to thousand of other child -- adult too . she 's be there as a nighttime comfort to a heck of a lot of people . pamela well , where be she when I need she ? hm ? I open the door to Mary poppin and who should be stand there but Walt Disney ! he laugh . walt Mrs travers , I be so sorry . I hope this would be a magical experience for you , for all of we . but I let you down -- and in do so , I have break a twenty year old promise to my girl . ( beat ) I have be wrack my brain , try to figure out why this have be so hard for you and I -- ( beat ) you see , I have my own Mr bank . mine have a moustache . pamela ah ! not true then that Disney create man in he own image ? walt but it be true that you create yourself in someone else 's yes ? she do not answer . Walt take mouthful of lace tea and cough a little . walt ( cont 'd ) ever be to Kansas City , Mrs travers ? do you know Missouri at all ? pamela can not say I do and as I have no plan to ever set foot on american soil again I be afraid I never will . walt it 's mighty cold there in the winter . bitter . Walt stop talk , catch himself , look away and then give in . his enthusiasm completely disappear and he 's suddenly as rag and as weary as pamela . walt ( cont 'd ) ( it pour out ) my dad , elias Disney , he own a newspaper delivery route there . thousand papers . twice daily . Morning and evening edition . elias , he be a tough businessman . a save - a-penny anywhere you can type of fella so he would not employ any delivery boy , he just use I and my big brother Roy . I be eight then -- eight year old . ( beat ) like I say , that winter be harsh and old elias do not believe in new shoe until the old one be wear right through so -- ( beat ) honestly , Mrs travers , the snow would be up to here -- he gesture to he knee . walt ( cont 'd ) you would push through it like wading through molass . ( more ) walt ( cont 'd ) and the cold and the wet would be seeping through the shoe and the skin would be raw and peel from we face -- and sometimes I would find myself sink down in the snow , waking up , cuz I must have pass out for a moment -- I dunno . then school , too cold to figure out a equation . and back into the snow so by the time we get home it would be just get dark , and every part of you would sting like crazy as it slowly come back to life in the warmth . my mother would feed we dinner and then it would be time to go out again for the evening edition . ( beat ) best be quick Walt , best be quick or poppa 's gonna show you the buckle end again boy . Walt smile at pamela , sip he tea . walt ( cont 'd ) now , I do not tell you all this to make you sad Mrs travers , I do not . I love my life - it 's a miracle . and I love my daddy , boy I love he . but , there be not a day go by where I do not think of that little boy in the snow and old elias with he fist and strap and I be just so tired -- I be tired of remember it that way . be not you tired Mrs travers ? we all have we tale but do not you want to find a way to finish the story ? let it all go and have a life that be not dictate by a past ? ( beat ) it 's not the child she come to save . it 's they father . ( beat ) it 's you father --? ( beat ) travers goff . pamela I do not know what you think you know about I walter -- walt you must have love and admire he a lot to take he name -- pamela I -- walt Mrs. travers . it 's all about he be not it ? all of this . everything . pamela look at she hand , they be shaking . walt ( cont 'd ) forgiveness . it 's what I learn from you book . pamela I do not need to forgive my father . he be a wonderful man . walt no , you need to forgive helen goff . life be a harsh sentence to lay down for yourself . pamela look down at the table top . walt ( cont 'd ) give she to I , Mrs travers . trust I with you precious Mary poppin . I will not disappoint you . I swear that every time a person go into a movie house - from Leicester to St Louis , they will see George bank be save . they will love he and he kid , they will weep for he care , and wring they hand when he lose he job . and when he fly that kite , oh ! they will rejoice , they will sing . in every movie house , all over the world , in the eye and the heart of my kid , and other kid and they mother and father for generation to come , George bank will be honoure . George bank will be redeeme . George bank and all he stand for will be save . maybe not in life , but in imagination . because that 's what we storyteller do . we restore order with imagination . we instill hope again and again and again . trust I , Mrs travers . let I prove it to you . I give you my word . int . pamela' kitchen - night pamela be alone . the unsign rights papers in front of she on the table . she look at mickey who occupy the chair opposite she , she face soften under he gaze . pamela enough . ext . animation build - three year later - day Disney employee pass by a giant movie poster which read : mary poppins - open soon ! Walt exit the building . he 's but a few step out of the door when tommie appear behind he . tommie Walt . she hand he a sheet of paper . tommie ( cont 'd ) invitation list for the premiere . walt be that everyone ? tommie not everyone . she look at Walt questioningly . walt ( sigh ) we will premiere in London as well . it will be more convenient for she . tommie hold he look . walt ( cont 'd ) there will be camera , press , interview -- I have to protect the picture . tommie okay . Walt walk away , he 's lose a bit of steam . Tommy watch he go . omitted int . pamela' office - day . pamela tap away on she typewriter with gusto . she ping the return and breathes , satisfied . pamela I should say so too . the doorbell sound , voice . pamela begin to tap again . polly ( o.s. ) Mrs travers ! pamela tut , try to carry on with she work . polly ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Mrs travers ! pamela rise from she chair , smoothes down she skirt . pamela for goodness sake ! she rise from she chair , smoothes down she skirt and make she way to the front door . pamela ( cont 'd ) please do not screech like a alleycat ! int . pamela' live room - day pamela and diarmuid sit together . pamela be quite change , she look young , radiant , worry free . diarmuid I be so pleased to hear that Mrs travers . pamela I should think you will have a draft very soon . ( calling out ) polly ! where 's that tea ? ( to diarmuid ) it 's come along marvelously ! polly kick the door open with she foot and plonk the tea down in front of pamela and diarmuid . she sneeze twice , do not bother to pour and turn to leave . pamela ( cont 'd ) ( to polly ) would you pour please ? polly you be perfectly capable of do it yourself . polly leave , pamela roll she eye . pamela she 's quite the worst may I have ever have ! diarmuid so why do you keep she ? pamela I do not know -- she remind I of I . diarmuid laugh . diarmuid do you have a title ? pamela Mary poppin in the Kitchen . diarmuid wonderful . should we start talk about the film rights ? pamela narrow she eye at he . pamela never again . diarmuid okay . ( beat ) now , tell I , have you get you tiara for the premiere ? pamela oh , I be not go . diarmuid why not ? pamela Hollywood premiere be not for old trout like I . anyway , it 's not convenient -- diarmuid he have not invite you , have he ? pamela do not reply . diarmuid ( cont 'd ) Mary poppin would not stand for that . int . plane - day pamela be hot and bother try to wrestle she cabin baggage into a overhead locker . the same flight attendant from the top of the film appear . flight attendant can I help you ? pamela I be perfectly capable thank you . the flight attendant recognize she with something akin to horror . flight attendant suit yourself -- mar 'am . pamela ( cheery ) I shall ! captain ( o.s. ) lady and gentleman , good afternoon and welcome aboard this flight to Los Angeles . just a few announcement before we begin we taxi for takeoff -- pamela take the seat next to the window , she look out at the tarmac . she close she eye , take a deep breath , open she eye again and tuck she foot tidily together . she fold she hand neatly into she lap and look straight ahead . int . disney studio - outer office - day Walt enter the outer office walk briskly towards he own office . walt Morning dolly . dolly open she mouth to speak but he 's already past and approaching -- tommie' desk tommie sit , arm cross and stare , half bemuse at Walt . walt ( cont 'd ) what ? tommie nod toward he office . pamela be sit in a chair , back to they . pamela I again ! int . disney office - day Walt semi-recover as quickly as possible and enter he office . walt Mrs travers ! how wonderful to see you . what bring you to -- pamela I be here for my premiere . walt great ! pamela I do not receive my invitation , but I just assume the american postal service have fall down on the job as per usual . she smile sweetly . walt I will have a -- uh , replacement send to you hotel right away . pamela that 's very kind , Mr Disney . I know you would not have forget I . walt Pam , how could I ? pamela how indeed ? you do , after all , assure I that I would not be disappointed . int . suite - beverly hill HOTEL - day the porter let pamela into she room , and do not even bother hover for a tip . pamela turn and it 's like deju vu - the flower , the chocolate , the champagne , a VIP invitation to the premiere of Walt Disney 's Mary poppin . and , of course , the ubiquitous stuff mickey mouse . pamela ( to mickey ) I think I leave you in London . ext . beverly hill HOTEL - forecourt - night pamela look wonderful in a long white gown with turquoise silk glove to she elbow and match wrap fall from she shoulder . pamela ( to doorman ) would you call I a taxi please ? doorman absolutely . the doorman go to find she a cab and in he absence a limo pull up to the kerb . pamela do not dare get she hope up but the door swing open and there he be , she favorite person in America . ralph have a feel a certain friend of mine might be need I tonight . pamela Ralph ! she rush to he and they give each other a friendly hug . ralph you look like a million buck ! let 's get you to the ball . he open the back door for she and she climb in . ext . grauman' chinese theater - hollywood - night it 's spectacular ! Disney 's biggest Hollywood open . bulb flash continuously as limo after limo pull up at the red carpet . usher be dress as English bobby . Reporters stand on podium in colourful suit , penguin dance they heart out in front of the theater . pearly king and queen play for the onlooker . crowd and crowd of fan scream every time a bulb flash , wave they autograph book and poster in the air . every Disney character imaginable bounce up and down the line of well - wisher , hugging they , dance for they , signing they booklet . Hollywood Blvd be completely shut down and the atmosphere be like the happiest party you could ever go to . int . limo - night Ralph take the car slowly through the crowd . onlooker press they face against the window try to make out who be inside . pamela be nervous , everyone else have someone with they but pamela must brave the crowd alone . ext . grauman' chinese theater - hollywood - night the limo stop at the edge of the carpet and Ralph jump out . he rush round to pamela 's side and help she from the car . immediately a round of flash go off and pamela put she arm up to shield she eye . it 's too much . ralph ( in she ear ) this be you night . none of this would be possible without you . she bring she arm down , straighten she dress and break into a smile , make she way down the carpet to frantic whisper amongst the press and autograph hunter of : " who be that ? " " be that anyone ? " pamela spot Walt , Dick Van dyke and Julie andrew be interview together up ahead . mickey mouse bounce down the carpet and slow -- he and pamela lock eye for a brief moment . he hold out he glove hand , she take it and together they watch as a huge toy train chug to a halt on the blvad and hundred upon hundred of coloured balloon fly out of it 's roof and into the air . ext . grauman' chinese theatre - night pamela move through the spangling , glitter , perfect toothe Hollywood crowd and no- one pay any attention to she . int . grauman' chinese theatre - auditorium - night the auditorium be jam pack . pamela be seat in front of Walt Disney . Don , the sherman and they family be in the same row as she - Bob sherman next to she . the light begin to dim . the overture begin -- we stay close on pamela as the sound of the overture fade and the melody of a single tin whistle play one of travers old melody 's ring in she ear . we hear snippet of the film in the background but we remain with pamela . she look around at the face in the audience - laugh , hum , sad , happy , joyous . intercut with image from pamela 's childhood and the voice of bert and Jane - ellie 's parrot head umbrella -- bert you know , begging you pardon , but the one my heart go out to be you father . the carousel horse at the allora fair -- bert ( cont 'd ) there he be in that cold , heartless bank day after day , hemmed in by mound of cold , heartless money . the tuppence and roll pear -- bert ( cont 'd ) I do not like to see any live thing cage up . uncle Albert with ginty on he back , carry she river soak mother back to the house -- jane Father in a cage ? ginty press the final bottle into she father 's hand -- bert they make cage in all size and shape , you know . the image of the dead travers in he bloodstain bed -- bert ( cont 'd ) Bank -shape some of them , carpet and all . dissolve to : Children in the audience , they little face tilt upwards . rapt . micheal you will not ever leave we will you ? jane whatever would we do without you ? mary poppins I shall stay until the wind change . and then a image from the film : George bank walk away from we down the misty tree - line London street , on he way to be fire from the bank . Walt Disney watch with quiet satisfaction . pamela however have tear coursing down she face . her shoulder heave as she try desperately not to sob out loud but people be notice , look at she . Disney lean forward , place a hand on she shoulder . she reach up and grip it tightly , unable to speak . walt it 's all right , Mrs travers . it 's alright . Mr bank be go to be all right . I promise . pamela nod in gratitude , but cannot contain she sob . it 's all pour from she now , in one immense catharsis . pamela no , no . it 's just that -- I can not , I can not abide cartoon ! we stay on she face as we bring up the final song of the film : let 's go fly a kite . the audience around she be smile , laugh , sing along . pamela , the tear , silent now , still pour down she cheek as she slowly begin to mouth along with the lyric . and in she head one final image appear . travers gaze fall upon ginty , outside he bedroom window , sweeping . they eye meet for a brief moment , a unspoken understanding of what be to come , before he close with tiredness . traver ( v.o. ) never . I promise . I will never lose you . dissolve to : ext . maryborough park - day the shadow of a umbrella leave the ten-year - old ginty sit in the lush grass , arm wrap tightly around she chest , face to the sky as a smile break free across she face . traver ( v.o. ) ( singing ) wind in the East mist come in -- the shadow of a umbrella , float higher and higher -- traver -- like something be brewing , about to begin -- and further and further -- traver ( cont 'd ) can not put I finger on what lie in store -- we give chase but cannot catch up -- traver ( cont 'd ) but I feel what 's to happen , all happened before -- and the umbrella float up , up , up into the atmosphere and away -- fade out : end