saw written by James Wan &amp ; leigh whannell darkness . the soft sound of move water can be hear in the background . from the top of the screen a tiny , float light move its way downward across the screen . as it pass , we see just under the water part of a young manus face . his eye be close . the light disappear , and across the darkness appear the title S a W . the title fade away . the tiny light appear again , this time float down at the end of a tub of water , just near someoned bare foot . the camera cut again to the face of the young man underwater . this be adam . suddenly , he eye fly open and he come to life , open he mouth and gasp for air . as he wake up and struggle within the bathtub , we see he foot catch on a drain plug , unplugge it . the water start to drain , and we see go with the water the tiny light , which we can also see have some kind of key attach to it . the room itself be pitch black , but we can still just barely make he out in the dark . Adam lift himself out of the tub and fall onto the floor , cough and gasp from the shock . he manage to get to he foot , but as he move forward he realize that he ankle be chain to something . he feel he way over to a pipe in the corner , reach down and pull at he chain that be attach to it . he cry out , he voice frantic , frighten , and a bit hysterical . adam help ! someone help I ! ( he stop when he hear a loud drag sound somewhere in the room . he look out into the darkness and call out . ) be someone there ? hey ! ( he turn back to the corner to which he be chain , say in a slightly softer but still panicked voice ) shit , I ’m probably dead . suddenly , from out within the darkness come a manus low , raspy voice . it startles Adam . the voice , we will soon learn , belong to lawrence . lawrence you’re not dead . Adam quickly turn in the direction of the voice . holding he arm out for balance , he try to look across the room to whoever be speak , but still can not see a thing . adam who 's that ? who 's that ?! lawrence ( he voice strangely a bit on the calm side , and almost irritate with adamus reaction to the situation . this shall be he tone for many scene to come . ) there 's no point in yell , I already try it . adam turn on the light ! lawrence would if I could . adam what the fuck be go on ? where be I ? ( he turn into he corner , touch the wall . ) lawrence I do n’t know yet . adam ( smell something ; in disgust ) what be that smell ? lawrence shh ! hang on a second , I think I find something . with a loud click and a even louder buzzing sound , the very bright fluorescent light come to life , lighting up in row , start from lawrence’s end and move towards Adam . as they come on , Adam be nearly blind by the sudden change from pitch black to bright white and squint in pain , hold up he arm to cover he face . in the light we now see that he be in he mid-twenty , with short brown hair , wear a dark blue stripe shirt over a white tee shirt and jeans , look like a drown rat from the tub . it take he a moment but he eye finally start to adjust , and he look around the room . he and we see lawrence , who also wince from the glare of the light , stand by the light switch and the door . he be on the opposite end of the room , also chain to a pipe in the corner by he foot . he wear a blue button - down dress shirt , now soak with sweat stain . he be middle age , mid to late forty , with pale blonde hair and even paler skin . Dark circle be under he eye . both man be barefoot . lawrence’s eye adjust to the light and he see across the room . then , he gaze start towards the center of the room , as do adamus , who step forward as much as he can , a look of horror on he face . we see lie face down the body of a man who have blow he brain out , lie in a pool of blood , clad in only boxer short and a tee shirt . in he leave hand be a gun , in he right hand be a micro cassette recorder . a gunshot and a scream be hear as the camera move up and in a fast 360 ° angle above and circle the man , end in a full overhead view of he . the shot cut to Adam , who reel in shock and disgust . adam Holy shit ! he turn towards the tub and lean over , gag and cough . lawrence in the meantime hop forward the best he can , study the body with a look of fear and concern . Adam stop cough and turn back around , take another look at the body and around the room . he look down at he chain then start to completely freak out , grab and pull at he chain . adam ( scream ) help !!! ( he fall back onto he bottom on the floor as he yank at the chain as hard as he can . ) help !!! help ! lawrence just stand and watch he with a almost embarrassed , appal look at he behaviour . it seem that lawrence , despite be in the situation heus in , be above that kind of uncontrolled reaction . he speak a bit coldly . lawrence no one can hear you . Adam stop pull at the chain , stand up and look to lawrence , he breathe fast and heavy . his voice be not yell anymore but still just as hysterical . adam what the fuck be this ? lawrence calm down , just calm down . ( he know that to remain calm be to remain in control , something he must be no matter what the situation . ) be you hurt ? Adam look down at himself , shrugging slightly . adam I do n’t know ... yeah ! lawrence move over to the pipe in the corner , lean against it for support . lawrence ( calmly ) what 's you name ? adam ( sarcastic ) my name be very Fucking confused ! ( demand ) what 's you name ? what 's go on here ? lawrence ( internal eye roll ; heus get more and more aggravate with adamus behaviour ) my name be lawrence Gordon , I ’m a doctor . I just wake up here , just like you . ( he reach up , wipe he face with he sleeve ) Adam kneel back down face the pipe , pull at he chain once more , but not with he prior panic . he wince at the metal bite into he skin . adam ( in pain ) ah ! lawrence look at Adam with a look that seem to say I ’m stick in here with this guy ? he then glance down at the body . lawrence recognize he ? Adam continue to pull at he chain , do not and will not look at the body , just shake he head . adam ( sharply ) no . lawrence ( try to get something out of this kid ) well , do you have any idea how you get here ? adam no . lawrence what 's the last thing you remember ? adam nothing . ( he sit back onto the floor , stop pull at he chain for a moment . ) I go to bed in my shithole apartment , and wake up in a actual shithole . ( he raise he leave leg slightly , start try to pull he foot out of the iron cuff . he glance to lawrence , who have move over to the wall to he leave , bent over slightly and rest a hand against a pipe . ) so what about you , huh ? lawrence ( he shrug slightly , shaking he head . ) well there’s ... there’s not much to tell , really . ( across the room , Adam give up with the chain for the time be but remain sit on the floor . ) I be on my way home from work and uh , I do n’t remember anything else . Adam just sit there , glance over to the body and then focus on it much more . the initial panic have wear off for now , replace simply with fear and shock . his voice be a bit softer . adam first dead body I ’ve ever see . look different in real life . they do n’t move . lawrence slowly lower himself into a sit position against the wall . he poke slightly at the iron cuff around he foot . lawrence from the look of this chain , someone do n’t want we to go very far either . suddenly , Adam leap up , lift up he shirt and expose he abdomen . his panic be back , but not at full force like before . he study himself then glance to lawrence . adam can you see any scar ? lawrence ( look at he strangely ) what ? adam huh ? this be what they do man , ( he gesture to he stomach , where there be in fact no scar . ) they kidnap you and drug you and before you know it , you’re in a bathtub and you kidney be on ebay . ( a ridiculous theory to we and to lawrence , but Adam state it with conviction . ) lawrence ( a scoffing tone in he voice ) no one have take you kidney . adam ( disbelief ) how can you tell from way over there ? lawrence ( matter of fact ) because you'd either be in terrible agony , or you'd be dead by now . trust I . adam what be you , a surgeon ? ( he lower he shirt and turn and bend down to prod at the chain around the pipe again . ) lawrence yeah . ( he sigh . he 's get tired of Adam already . he speak sharply . ) so , you gonna tell I you name , or what ? Adam stand back up , turn to lawrence , he voice once again calm . adam Adam . lawrence ( get to he foot , he voice a bit calmer ) well Adam , what we need to do ( he lean with one hand outstretch against the pipe to he right . Adam watch he , scared but calm ) be start think about why we’re here . whoever bring we there could’ve kill we by now . but they didn’t . they must want something from we . ( he look up and around the room ) question be what . ( he see something up on the wall , move forward a bit towards it . we see that it be a brand new clock on the wall , tick away . it read currently at 10:22 . ) that clock . adam what about it ? lawrence it 's brand new . ( squint , study it ) adam ( not get what heus imply ) so ? lawrence ( sigh ; it 's quite simple , why can’t Adam see it ? ) so , someone obviously want we to know the time . ( Adam look a bit confuse still , mull over that information . lawrence think for a moment . ) wait , I think I may be able to reach that door . lawrence move over as far as the chain will allow he to the giant , wooden slide door , push against it as hard as he can . in the meantime , we see Adam think . he pause , then reach down and start go through he pocket . there be nothing in the front two , but in he back leave pocket he pull out a plastic baggie with a white envelope in it . he unfold the baggie ; the envelope say adam . he stare at it in he hand , wonder what it be . lawrence continue struggle with the door , quickly glance over he shoulder to see what Adam be do . he see Adam hold the baggie . Adam reach into the envelope , pull out a micro cassette tape . a close up show the word play I write on the tape label . Adam hold it in he hand , study it . lawrence turn away from the door , look over and try to see what Adam have in he hand . lawrence what be that ? ( Adam do n’t answer , continue look at the tape . lawrence 's voice grow impatient . ) Excuse I . adam ( glance up briefly at lawrence , then back down at the tape . his voice sound slightly surprised . ) it 's a tape . lawrence where do you find it ? adam it be in my pocket . lawrence think about that briefly then start digging through he own pocket , find within they a white envelope with lawrence write across it in the same black lettering as adamus . adam ( regard he tape ) it say play I . lawrence tear into he envelope , empty the content into the palm of he hand . first , he hold up a similar tape to adamus . it also say play I . then he hold up a single bullet , study it , not sure what it 's there for yet . then , he hold up a tiny key . he bend over , get down on the floor and start to try to unlock he chain with the key . it do n’t seem to be work . lawrence ( frustrated , mumble to himself and to the key ) come on , come on , come on .... adam ( see that it do n’t seem to be work on lawrence’s lock ) throw it over here . lawrence give he a slightly mistrustful look , but then hold up the key and throw it . Adam miss the key at first as it hitus the floor in front of the dirty toilet near he corner . adam fuck . ( he lean over and pick up the key , then bend down and try the key on the lock on he ankle , which do n’t work . he try the lock on the chain around the pipe . it be n’t work there either . ) lawrence ( watch he ) no ? Adam give up , drop the key onto the floor frustratedly , shaking he head . that 's when he look over to the body again , and the shot close up on the hand hold the tape recorder . a small loop handle jut out of the handy grip . Adam stand up , then bend down and pick up the tape on the floor , look at it . he put it back down then stretch himself flat out on the floor , try to reach . unfortunately , there be still a good three to four foot between he and the body . lawrence use you shirt . adam ( get back up to he knee ) what ? lawrence you shirt . Adam look down at himself , then take off the long sleeve blue shirt . he lay back down , hold the shirt by the end of each sleeve , and throw it , try to catch it on the tape recorder . it miss . he try a second time ; same result . lawrence come on ... Adam try again ; it miss . it be just barely reach . he pull the shirt back , get back up on he knee , aggravate . adam it will n’t work . lawrence ( try to get he to not give up yet ) well , look around , there must be something else you can use . adam ( stand , ready to give up , skeptical ) there 's nothing . lawrence ( insistent ) well there must be something ! Adam look around he area , then into the bathtub . he see something , bend over , take out the tub plug , which be attach to a long cord . he tie the cord around the sleeve of he shirt . he kneel down , hold out the shirt , aim . lawrence come on , you can do it . Adam throw it , attempt to get the plug through the loop at the end of the tape recorder . he miss . lawrence come on , come on , again . he try again and miss . on the third try , however , he get the plug right through the loop . lawrence smile in relief . Adam very slowly pull it back , drag the tape recorder along the floor towards he . he pick it up , get rid of the plug and drop it and the shirt on the floor . he pick up the tape , pop it in and press play , hold the tape recorder out a bit so that they can both hear , but keep he head tilt so he can hear better . a chill deep , raspy , sinister male voice the jigsaw killer come from the tape . as it speak , adamus expression be fearful , but the think how do he know ? can be detect . jigsaw ( on tape ) rise and shine , Adam . you’re probably wonder where you be . i’ll tell you where you might be . you might be in the room that you die in . up until now , you simply sit in the shadow , watch other live out they life . but what do voyeur see when they look into the mirror ? now , I see you as a strange mix of someone angry and yet apathetic . but mostly just pathetic . so be you go to watch yourself die today , Adam ? or do something about it ? ( end ) Adam look frighten but not sure of the entire meaning of the message . adam I do n’t get it . ( he press the stop button on the tape . ) lawrence ( eagerly , gesture . ) throw I the player . adam ( pause , think ) no , you throw I you tape . lawrence ( a heavy sigh . he look at Adam as a slow - minded fool who simply do n’t understand the full capacity of the situation that they’re in , and speak to he as such . ) look , we’re go to have to work together if we want to get out of here . now just throw it to I . adam ( pick up on the tone , speak defensively ) I ’m not go to risk break it ! you throw I you tape ! lawrence pause , look at Adam as though he’d like to smack he , then hold up and toss the tape . it hit the floor behind Adam , who kneel down and pick it up , pop it in , press play . it 's the same chill voice as on adamus tape . as the tape play , Adam stare at lawrence , and lawrence at the tape recorder . jigsaw ( on tape ) Dr. Gordon , this be you wake up call . every day of you work life , you have give people the news that they be go to die soon . now you will be the cause of death . you aim in this game be to kill Adam . ( Adam glance down at the tape recorder wide - eye , then back up at lawrence ) you have until six on the clock to do it . there '' sa man in the room with you . when there 's that much poison in you blood ( another view of the body from lawrence’s Pov ) , the only thing leave to do be shoot yourself . ( jigsaw cough ) there be way to win this hide all around you . just remember : X mark the spot for the treasure . if you do not kill Adam by 6:00 , then alison and diana will die , Dr. Gordon . and I ’ll leave you in this room to rot . let the game begin . ( end ) the look on each manus face clearly say oh shit . the tape end . lawrence stand up . lawrence ( firmly ) give I that . now . ( Adam toss he the tape . he catch it , rewind , play back . Adam stand up from he spot on the floor . ) jigsaw ( on tape ) ... then alison and diana will die , Dr. Gordon . and I ’ll leave you in this room to rot . adam ( think , try to figure this out ) any idea who that be ? jigsaw ( on tape ) let the game begin . adam he know we . lawrence wait a minute . ( rewind more ) adam ( false hope ) what do you think ? probably a joke , right ? lawrence shh , shh ! ( press play ) jigsaw ( on tape ) let the game begin . lawrence ( softly ) listen ... jigsaw ( on tape , in a very hushed tone after a brief silence ) ... follow you heart . lawrence stop the tape . adam what the hell do follow you heart mean ? lawrence be look around , on the wall and everywhere else in the bathroom for a heart . he spot a small one draw in brown on the toilet next to Adam and point . lawrence there ! right next to you , on the toilet . Adam look , see the toilet . slowly , he bend down , rest he hand on the seat , look down into the bowl of liquid shit , not really sure what heus look for . lawrence ( impatient , gesture ) come on , come on . Adam glance up at lawrence with a look of you’ve get to be kid I , but lawrence watch he expectantly . Adam sigh , then reach in with he right hand , fishing around in the mess . adam oh man ... ( he gasp , make gag sound , he face turn away from the bowl . he cough , fish around for another brief moment , then quickly pull back , try to shake some of the shit off of he hand , spitting . lawrence ( expectantly ) anything ? adam ( disgust ) no solid . lawrence take off the lid . ( he point to the lid . Adam look to it , slowly stand up , reach for it . lawrence have no patience . ) come on ! Adam take off the lid , place it down on the toilet seat . the water be clearer inside , and he reach in and pull out something wrap up in a black garbage bag . he hold it up for lawrence to see , turn to he . adam I really wish I have check in there first . lawrence huh . ( he smile slightly ) what be it ? Adam tear into the bag , reach in and pull out two hacksaws . he drop the bag on the floor , bend down and take up he chain , hold one of the hacksaws and beginning to see at the chain with it . lawrence watch he for a moment . lawrence hey ! ( Adam turn and look . lawrence speak in a irritate voice ) mind pass I the other one ? Adam reach over and pick up the other hacksaw , then carefully throw it across the room . it hit the pipe to lawrence’s leave . lawrence reach down and pick it up , then sit down on the floor . Quick shot back to Adam , who , while lawrence be preoccupy with pick up the hacksaw , quickly pick up the garbage bag and toss it into the bathtub . both man start to see away at they chain furiously , but neither be make any progress . suddenly , adamus see snap in the middle , and he temper flare . adam ( enraged ) fuck ! fuck ! ( he react violently , hit the break see twice against the iron pipe then turn and hum it across the room , right into a mirror . a small piece of the mirror break off and fly to the floor . ) lawrence glance over at what Adam have do , then go back to saw for another moment . Adam sit back down , breathe heavily , lean against the pipe in he corner . finally , lawrence give up , turn and sit with he back against the pipe , also breathe heavily for a moment . he sit there , when a look of realization come across he face . he hold up the see , look at it , understanding . he lower it to the floor , shaking he head slightly . lawrence ( everything be become more clear now ) he do n’t want we to cut through we chain . he want we to cut through we foot . ( Adam look up at he , eyebrow raise . ) I think I may know who' do this to we . adam what do you say ? ( he stand up ; be lawrence hide something from he ? ) lawrence it 's not someone I know personally . it’s ... just someone I know of . adam ( get slightly frantic again ) Jesus Christ ! tell I , who be it ?! the camera close up on lawrence’s face . to the right of it , the screen be fade into a flashback of a crime scene . as lawrence speak , he face fade and the flashback scene grow clearer , until it be only the crime scene , with three detective walk down a flight of stair . lawrence the last I hear ... the police still have n’t catch he . we now see the three figure descend through a trap door down a flight of stair . the lighting be a bright lime green that be strangely dark at the same time . the trio enter a small , cell like room with a low ceiling . they be tapp , sing , and kerry . tapp be a tall black man in he late forty - early fifty . sing be a asian man in he mid to late thirty , and Kerry be a caucasian woman in she mid to late thirty with long , curly brown hair that be tie back in a ponytail . all be well dress , sing and tapp in suit , the woman in a jacket and dress slack . they be the detective work on this case . as they move into the room , sing see something that bring a look of shock to he face , shine a flashlight on it . we can not see it yet . lawrence ( vo ) and the only reason I know that be because I be a suspect . tapp come into the room last , ducking slightly from he height , and come up alongside sing , look at the same thing . lawrence ( vo ) I ’ll start from the beginning . kerry this oneus not fresh anymore . at least three week out . ( detective tapp squint as he peer in and study the body ) victimus a 46 - year old male . ( Quick flash of a crime scene photo , a closeup of behind the manus head and upper back . there be deep cut all over . the camera cut upwards to the detective . ) die of massive blood loss . mostly through the femoral artery . ( the camera pan around to detective tapp , who move around the side of the cage to get a better look inside , shine he flashlight in . ) he start at the back of the cage and tunnele he way through the razor wire so fast it 's amazing he get as far as he do . cut himself so deep , we find trace of stomach acid on the floor . ( another more gruesome crime scene photo shot of the body from the side ; we can see the razor wire digging in under he arm . also , a close - up shot of some of he wound ; long , deep cut . ) we also find this . ( she hold up a evidence baggie with a micro cassette tape recorder , just like the one Adam and lawrence find in they cell . she press the play button , and tapp and sing listen . it 's the same chill voice from Adam and lawrence’s tape . ) jigsaw ( on tape ) hello Paul . you be a perfectly healthy , sane , middle - class male . yet last month , you run a straight razor across you wrist . do you cut yourself because you truly want to die , or do you just want some attention ? tonight , you’ll show I . the irony be that if you want to die , you just have to stay where you be . but if you want to live , you’ll have to cut yourself again . ( flashback shot of Paul waking up in the cage , look around , scared and confuse . the shot go back and forth between the detective and the Paul flashback , with he grab and shaking the razor wire , scream . his scream sound distant under jigsaw’s voice . ) find the path through the razor wire to the door . but hurry . at 3:00 that door will lock and then this room become you tomb . how much blood will you shed to stay alive , Paul ? ( end ) kerry ( stop the tape ) the door be on a timer . it be unlock until 3:00 . then it slam shut . he be give two hour . cut back to detective tapp , who notice something and shine he light on it . we see a strange wound on paulk body , a piece of flesh carve out into the shape of a jigsaw piece . tapp jigsaw piece . ( sing look in as well , see it . there be a quick flash of crime scene photo show a close up of the wound . tapp sigh . ) I think we’re gonna be here for a while , sing . ( sing look to he . we get another quick crime scene shot of Paul . ) lawrence ( vo ) the newspaper start call he the jigsaw killer . cut back to lawrence in the bathroom . for he next two speak line , the shot switch back and forth between he and the detective in the razor wire room . lawrence actually , technically speak , heus not really a murderer . he never kill anyone . sing , wear glove , get in the cage and examine paulk body a bit . a flash of another crime scene photo of the wound with a ruler hold up to it be show . more gruesome crime scene photo of that and other wound be flashed across the screen . lawrence ( vo ) he find way for he victim to kill themselves . cut to sing kneele down over a char corpse , completely blacken , at another crime scene . we hear jigsaw’s voice from a tape recorder play over the scene as the detective look around , and over the flashback shot . jigsaw ( vo , on tape ) hello Mark . if you’re so sick , then why do I have so many photo of you up and about ? ( there be a quick montage of a camera snap several black and white shot of Mark up and about , look around and get into a car . ) letus put you so-called illness to the test . ( flashback image of Mark waking up . he be a young man in he mid to late twenty , with dark brown hair . he be completely nude , smear in some kind of vaseline - like ointment . in front of he be a small , square glass plate hold up by some chain . on the plate be a micro cassette player , a light votive candle , and a box of match . he get up , look around confusedly and scared . ) right now , there be a slow - act poison in you vein . the antidote be in the safe . ( Black and white crime scene shot of the safe , then a shot of Mark stand over it , scream , he scream distant under jigsaw’s voice , as with Paul . ) the combination to the safe ( quick montage of several black and white crime - scene photo of number write all over the wall ) be write on the wall . hurry up and program it in . but watch you step ( mark bare foot step on the break glass scattered all across the floor ) . and by the way , that 's a flammable substance smear on you body ( shot of Mark look at the ointment on he hand , up he arm , everywhere ) , so I would be careful with that candle , if I be you ... MARK ( huddle over the safe ; scream , but it be still distant sounding ) help !!!!! jigsaw ( vo ct’d ) .... or all the people you’ve burn with you act ( Mark start to turn the lock on the safe ) just might have they revenge . we see Mark desperately go around the room , hold the candle , look at the wall , try to find a combination . the camera go back and forth a few time in a sped - up shot to he do this and turn a the lock on the safe , try to program the combination into the safe . he move in a circle , clockwise to we . when he get to face right in front of we , the flame from the candle flare up and engulf the shot , flaring into a close - up crime scene photo of mark char face . the shot move back to the trio of detective , with sing hold the tape recorder . kerry I find something else . well , two thing , actually . ( she move past they and we go with she over to a wall where there be a small hole cut , about a inch or two in diameter . the light from the outside shine in . ) there be someone stand outside here watch through this peephole . look like we friend jigsaw like to book himself front row seat to he own sick little game . he be there at the last one as well . ( she walk over to sing and tapp ) only this time , he leave we he penlight . ( she hold up the penlight in a evidence baggie , click it twice then hand it to tapp . ) tapp ( take the baggie , study it ) get a rush on the print . ( he hand it back to she . ) kerry ( take the baggie , move out of the room ) copy that . CUT to Hospital room . lawrence in he white doctork coat along with three blue-scrub clad medical student . a nurse in white stand off to the side . lawrence be go over the patient chart . he go over to the x- ray display , push the light on to view two x- ray of someoned skull . he point to it with he pen as he speak . lawrence okay . this patient have a inoperable frontal lobe tumor extend across the midline . start as colon cancer . ( he turn back to the three young medical student . one of they , a pretty asian girl name carla , smile at lawrence as he speak , seem particularly infatuated with he . ) the patient have come in for a standard checkup by which we be able to monitor the rate at which he condition be decline . in the doorway , a orderly push a cart of clean supplies be pass by and stop when he see lawrence and the medical student in the room , listen to what lawrence be say . this be Zep . he’s a man in he early to late forty dress in orderly white with short brown hair and large blue eye that show a kindness that the other in the room seem to be lack . kindness , and something else below the surface . he glance down at John sleep , then up at lawrence . lawrence the patient have ... zep ( cut he off ) his name be John , Dr. Gordon . ( he look down at the patient , who we see be a man in he late forty - early fifty , hairless except for a small white goatee . his head be to the side and he be sleep . on the tray table in front of he be a notebook and some color pencil . as Zep look at he and speak of he , there be caring in he voice , something Dr. Gordon have yet to display regard this patient . ) he 's a very interesting person . lawrence look almost slightly embarrassed , not for himself but maybe for Zep . a condescending , smug smile play across he face and he nod . his tone match he look . lawrence thank you for that information , Zep . ( he look to the student , who all share he smug smile ) as you can see , we orderly form very special bond with the patient . ( Zep just stare at lawrence , he expression mostly blank but with pure loathing just underneath the surface . the look seem to say fuck you , Dr. Gordon . he stare at he for a moment , then turn away , and continue down the hall with he cart . ) continue on , the patient .... but he be cut off by a voice on the intercom . intercom Dr. Gordon , Dr. lawrence Gordon , please page the operator . lawrence ( a smug but annoyed smirk ) obviously someone do n’t want I to tell you what the patient have . Excuse I . ( he step around the student , leave the room . the three student watch after he with great admiration . ) cut to lawrence 's office at the hospital . Inside , tapp be lean against Dr. gordon chair , study the various frame degree on the wall . sing be sit in one of the two chair across from the desk , twisted around in he seat to look at a couple of small picture frame on the bookshelf behind he . lawrence open the door and enter , and the two detective turn to look at he . he remove he white coat and hang it on a rack by the door . tapp speak first , he tone be friendly , but search . tapp Dr. Gordon , I ’m detective tapp , this be detective sing , City homicide . ( he gesture to the degree on the wall . ) very impressive . lawrence smile , pretend to care about what they think , truly just want to get this over with so as to not waste any more of he time . as he speak , he walk over to the chair behind he desk . lawrence oh . thank you , I do my best . ( he sit in he chair . tapp take the seat next to sing across from he . sing study he silently , chew gum . ) tapp sorry to interrupt you while you’re work . lawrence that 's fine . now , how can I help you gentleman ? tapp’s tone turn a bit more serious , but still amiable enough . tapp be you able to tell we where you be between the hour of 11:00 p.m. and 1:00 a.m. last night , Doctor ? lawrence ( he tone just barely mask he concern ) why be it that you’re interested ? tapp we’d like to ask you a few question about it . for you sake , I think it 's best if we do it down at the station . would you like to follow we there ? lawrence ( shake he head , this be unbelievable ) no , I ’m afraid that’s ... that 's quite out of the question . I can n’t just leave , I have work to do . plus , my wife have the car today , so ... sing ( amiable but hint that he know something ) oh , that 's okay , you can ride with we . Doc . lawrence ( chuckle uncomfortably ) I ’m sorry , you’ll have to tell I again . what be this all about ? tapp produce the penlight from he pocket , hold it up for Dr. Gordon . tapp be this yours , Doctor ? he put the penlight down on the desk . lawrence pick it up , a brief oh shit look flash across he face only to be quickly cover up . he look at the pen strangely . the two detective carefully study he reaction . lawrence look back up at they . cut to the Police Station . in a interrogation room , lawrence pace back and forth nervously , now wear he suit jacket . his lawyer sit at the table , take note . lawyer so you have no idea how you penlight show up at the murder scene ? lawrence of course not ! lawyer I have to ask . what be you do last night . lawrence ( a slight hesitation , a bit of guilt in he voice . as much as he would allow . ) I be see someone . lawyer ( a slight pause ) who ? ( lawrence do n’t answer , just continue he pace . the lawyer get frustrated , noisily put down he pen . ) look , if you can n’t be honest with I ... lawrence ( his tone quick , almost blurt ) I be visit someone . it be n’t a patient . alright ? ( he sigh , shake he head . he 's fuck , either way . ) what be I gonna do ? lawyer well , as you lawyer and you friend , my advice to you be to bite the bullet and give they you alibi now . because no one be go to believe you later . cut back to the bathroom . lawrence , still sit against the wall , throw down he hacksaw next to he , rest he hand against he knee . lawrence ( sigh ) that be five month ago . he try to set I up for murder . cut back to the interrogation room , some time later . lawrence be sit alone at the table . sing come through the door , shut it behind he . sing okay . we check you alibi . it hold up . ( his voice indicate that he still believe there’s more to it ; he do not and will not trust lawrence . ) lawrence good ! can I go home now ? sing ( continue ) we have one of the victim who manage to escape . ( as he speak , we see a young woman with brown hair in a ponytail wear a visitor pass be lead carefully into the room next to they and sit at a table . this be amanda . lawrence and sing can see she clearly ; she can not see they . ) want to know if you would n’t mind stick around and listen to she testimony ? maybe it’ll trigger something . ( tapp and a unidentified bald black man in a suit enter the room . the man guide amanda into she chair , stand behind she against the wall . tapp sit in a chair to she leave . ) lawrence ( do n’t really care ) i’d like to help , really , but ... sing ( cut he off quickly , will n’t let he out of this that easily ) well , we’d really appreciate it . she 's the only one who make it . lawrence ( quietly , give in . ) okay . camera move into the interrogation room with amanda , tapp , and the unidentified man . as tapp speak , the camera slowly move closer over he shoulder and towards amanda . as we get closer to she , we see long , strange , scar- like marking along each side of she mouth . she be shake , she eye distant , never look anyone , include tapp , in the eye . it be clear that she mind be still lose somewhere within she nightmare . tapp ( speak slowly , gently ) amanda ... in you own time , tell I the first thing you remember . we move closer and closer to amanda , then suddenly the camera spin round quickly and snap into a alternate view of she , she flashback . the room she be in have the same lime - green lighting as paulk cell . amanda sit in a chair wear a strange iron contraption around she head , a bear- trap like device cover she mouth . we can see she eye , surround with black eyeliner , as they slowly open , groggy , just waking up . amanda ( vo ) I wake up . all I could taste be blood . ( the camera move back quickly , and we see she tie to the chair , she wrist bound to the arm of the chair . she pull against she bond , moan loudly , try to speak or cry out but cannot . ) and metal . she continue to struggle against she bond some more . the camera circle around she , and we get a better view of the strange device on she head , and the padlock and timer on the back of it . a long wire hang down from the timer and below the screen . the view switch to the side of she and we see next to she a old television set , which suddenly switch on , startling she . after a brief moment of static , the frightening image of a dement clown - like doll its face white with red spiral on its cheek , its red eye leer at amanda from the screen . she stare at it , she moan a bit softer to match she fear and utter confusion . the doll speak , the jaw move ; it be the voice of jigsaw . jigsaw ( from the tv ) hello amanda . you do n’t know I , but I know you . I want to play a game . here 's what happen if you lose . ( the video move next to the doll , to a device like the one sheus wear attach to a mannequin head . as he continue , explain what it be , she breathe grow faster and heavier , and she moan pick up more . ) the device you’re wear be hook into you upper and lower jaw . when the timer at the back go off , you mouth will be permanently rip open . think of it like a reverse bear trap . here , I ’ll show you . the video pan back to a view of the doll and the device . the doll head move and look down at the device , and the camera zoom in on it . a timer tick away . a few second later , SNAP ! the device spring and the fake head be crush and explode . amanda shriek , she eye widen . the video switch back to a close up of the doll . jigsaw ( from the tv ) there be only one key to open the device . it 's in the stomach of you dead cellmate . look around , amanda . know that I ’m not lie . you better hurry up . live or die . make you choice . the video go to white and gray static , then switch off . amanda begin to struggle like a madwoman against she bond and the chair . the camera swing around she , circle , make she movement fast and jerky . amanda manage to pull one arm free , then the other and stand up quickly . that 's when the cord in the back of the device be pull out , and the timer start . she freeze , she eye widen . we see a close - up of the timer , and it begin its sixty second countdown . she reach behind she head , pull at the lock and the timer , try to pull it off , but it be stick there . she start freaking out , pull at it as much as she can , the camera movement once again fast and jerky around she . the camera spin back to amanda sit still in she chair in the interrogation room , sniffle . we see a brief shot of lawrence , who watch and listen to she with grim amazement . back to amanda . amanda and then I see the body . we switch back into amandak cell . over she shoulder , we see near the corner the body of a man lie on the floor on he back . amanda cautiously approach it , the timer still tick away , she hand still at the device . she kneel down cautiously next to he . she reach down and with a shaking hand lift up he shirt , revealing a large , black question mark draw on he abdomen . she sob harder , hunch over he . Quick cut to the interrogation room , amanda in the center of the shot . amanda there be a knife . back to the cell . amanda , still lean over , pick up a small knife next to the body . she slowly bring it up in both of she shaking hand , clutching it . she look closer at it . a quick shot of the timer show it to be at 25 second now , almost halfway . the camera move to a shot of the manus face , when ... he open he eye and start to wake up . he moan , unable to speak or move . his eye slowly , groggily look around a bit . he can not even open he mouth ; someone have very heavily drugge he . he see amanda over he with a knife and he eye widen ; he try to moan at she to stop , to not do what sheus about to do , but she turn the knife upside down in both hand and quickly stab down . he moan in agony in the background as she stab down again , and again , and again . blood splashes on she hand . a quick shot back of lawrence as he listen , he mouth open slightly , eye wide , stare at she . cut back to amanda in the cell as she stab down a few more time . then back again to the table in lawrence 's interrogation room . sing throw down a evidence baggie with a use syringe in it . sing ( vo as camera pan up to lawrence ) he’d be injected with a opiate overdose . he could n’t move or feel much of anything . lawrence you mean .... he be alive ? sing ( stare , nod slightly ) be . back to amandak interrogation room , she head still hang , still sniffle . a view of tapp as he ask tapp what happen after you take it off ? cut back to the cell , she bloody hand sifting through intestine for a key . cut back to interrogation room amanda , then cut back again to she hold up a liver or some other organ . back to interrogation room amanda , the horror on she face grow , then back to the cell . amanda’ 's hand pull a small key from inside the organ sheus hold . she reach around the back of she head , quickly try to unlock the padlock . the timer tick away , faster and faster . she get it , pull off the padlock and open the device in the back , rip it away from she head and throw it down as it snap open . she let out the most terrible , agonize , heart - wrenching scream , sobbing loudly , she hand hold out in front of she , rock back and forth . suddenly from another corner of the room , a light come on , revealing the puppet from the video in the corner . amanda see it , stare at it wide eye , she sob soften for a moment as she stare at it . slowly , it wheel towards she on a tricycle . she can only stare and cry , not sure what to do or expect . it stop , leer at she , then speak . jigsaw congratulation . you be still alive . most people be so ungrateful to be alive . but not you . not anymore . cut back into a close up of amanda in the interrogation room , she head still shaking a bit , almost like a series of slight spasm . she continue to sniffle , she eye far off . cut to tapp . tapp you be , in fact , a drug addict . be n’t that right , Mandy ? ( she nod , but do n’t look up . ) do you think that be why he pick you ? ( she let out a sob , briefly nodd once . ) be you grateful , Mandy ? she finally raise she head , look into he eye for the first time . amanda ( softly ) he ... help I . as she start sniffle and breathe more heavily , tapp look over he shoulder into lawrence’s room , right in he direction . he may not see he , but he know heus there . the camera then cut back to amanda , who start sobbing more heavily again . slowly , the camera move down into and under the table , fade back into a overhead view of the bathroom where lawrence and Adam be . Adam sit in he corner , stare down at the floor as he have be listen to lawrence’s story . he look up across to lawrence . adam ( softly ) be you sure it 's he ? lawrence ( nod slightly ) yeah , I ’m sure . adam ( become a little hysterical again . he speak accusingly ) how do I know you’re tell the truth ? you can be the one who put I in this room ! ( he gesticulates as he speak , point to lawrence and himself . ) lawrence ( internal eye roll , speak slowly , as to a simpleton ) I ’m in exactly the same situation you’re in . adam wrong . ( he stand up , kick he chain foot out . shout . ) wrong ! you’ve get one thing I do n’t : information ! ( he hover as close as he can in a threaten pose , point ) you know who do this ! ( he pick up a glass shard that fall when he break the mirror , hold it up threateningly to lawrence ) now you either tell I what be really go on ( lawrence roll he eye , turn he head over to he leave , away from Adam ) or I ’ll cut you with this , you hear I ? i’ll cut - ( but he stop short as he see something in the glass . he flip it over , study it , flip it back . he look over to the mirror on the wall , study it , think . ) lawrence notice that adamus ranting have end , glance over at he . lawrence what ? adam ( look over at lawrence , then back at the mirror . ) it 's a two - way mirror . Adam drop the shard down on the floor carefully , then reach over to the corner behind he , lean down and pick up a loose padlock . he lift it up and throw it as hard as he can against the mirror , shatter most of the glass . lawrence briefly startles at the sound and force of the glass shatter . Adam reach back down , find another piece of debris and throw that at the mirror with just as much force . the rest of the glass break away , and a camera with a red light can bee see behind a clear glass . lawrence stand up to get a better look at it . we movie in closer to the camera , get a better look at it as well . suddenly there be a flash of static and we find ourselves look at a fuzzy , black and white surveillance video of lawrence and Adam in the bathroom , stare right at we into the camera . the shot pull back a bit and we see that the video be on a silver surveillance monitor . a partial view of other recording - type equipment can be see on either side of the monitor . a manus voice speak , though it do n’t sound quite the same as on the jigsaw tape . as he speak , a hand wear a black leather glove raise up slightly and wave its finger at the screen . man ( os , taunting ) I can see you ... adam ( from on video ) so that 's what this be . reality tv . man ( os . still taunting , sound as though on a power trip ) do n’t look at I . I can n’t help you . the shot transition from the video view of Adam back into regular view in the bathroom . Adam stand in a threaten pose to the camera , speak angrily , loudly to it , he voice drip with sarcasm . adam can you hear I in there ? huh ? I ’m have a blast . ( he bend down and pick up another piece of debris from the floor ) this be the most fun I ’ve have without lubricant . ( hum the piece of debris at the window . it make a thwack sound , but do n’t break . not even a crack . ) make sure you’re get everything . ( bend down , throw pick up and throw another piece of debris . it hit , but no breakage . leans down for another piece . ) lawrence ( scoff tone as he watch Adam try to break the glass ) that 's not go to do anything . adam ( pause , look to lawrence ) you just want to leave it run on we ? ( the shot switch to surveillance view ) lawrence ( very matter - of - fact ) well , you will n’t stop it . ( shot switch to regular view ) that 's why we can n’t cut through this chain . it 's why you will n’t break that glass . ( he gesture to the pipe then the glass ) every possible angle have be pre-thought out by he . ( he appear deep in think , start to understand the set - up more so , figure out the way this guy think . almost admire he . the situation may be bad , but it 's a brilliant design . ) adam you sound like you admire this prick . lawrence ( explain ) to overcome something , you have to understand what a perfect engine it be . that 's how you fight disease . ( he look up at the ceiling , at the wall , around the room ) now the tape tell we to find a X . that X have to be somewhere in this room . ( determine ) help I find it . Adam do not help he look . he simply cannot believe lawrence’s calm demeanor in this situation anymore . it seem that he be almost become as sick of lawrence 's attitude as lawrence be of he . he speak a with a bit of a hyper tone again , accusingly . adam how can you be the calm Doctor guy when you wife and kid be out there . ( shot of lawrence look around the room ) he 's get they , too . ( shot of the clock ; it 's now 12:05 . ) he could be do anything to they right now . be you think about that ? lawrence ( suddenly look right at he , snap angrily ) I am think about that . ( Adam back off a bit . lawrence pause a moment , he voice change to calm but sad . ) I ’ve be the last thing I say to my daughter . lawrence turn away from Adam , place he hand on the pipe behind he , and the shot move up into blackness , then up at the foot of a little girlusl bed in a darken bedroom . the little girl be diana . she 's about 5 or 6 year old , with long , wavy light brown hair . she lay tuck in with she eye close , she favourite teddy bear wrap in she leave arm . the camera move up and over she a bit , move in closer to she . Chimes can be hear tinkling very faintly against a soft breeze . as the shot pause just above she , she eye suddenly open , blink away sleepiness . she sit up , pull away the cover , still hold she teddy bear . she remain sit in she bed , stare over into the dark corner to she right . the chime jingle away . we move in closer to she face ; something have she spook . a clock tick be suddenly hear as the image fade from diana get out of bed into a strange , mechanical - look clock on the live room wall of the Gordon Household . the shot lower and we see the nicely furnish live room of the Gordon home . the wall be a dark , crimson red , the furniture in tone of red and brown . it definitely be the live room of a well - off family . not too cold , but not as warm and homey as it could be . diana slowly make she way across the live room towards she parent bedroom , move almost dream -like , she teddy bear hang limply from she right hand . she move to the frost glass double door of she parent room , open they both into the bedroom , where we see she mother , alison , lay on she side , fast asleep . alison be in she early to mid thirty with long blond hair go just past she shoulder and very pretty despite she sleepiness and messy hair in this scene . diana move into the room , stand next to the bed , say nothing , just watch she mother sleep . alisonk eye slowly open ; the feel of be watch plus the instinct of a mother have awoken she . she reach over and turn on the light , look upon she daughter with concern . alison diana , honey , be you okay ? ( she push back the cover and get up , crouching down in front of she daughter . look up at she , she place she hand on she daughterus arm . ) diana , honey , can you hear I ? diana ( very softly , but show almost no fear ) mommy ? alison reach up and touch dianass hair , bring she hand down in a soft caress on dianass cheek . alison oh , what be it , sweet pea ? diana ( very calmly ) there 's a man in my room . alison ( sighing , but not rudely . this be not the first time this have happen ) oh honey , be you sure heus not just hide in you imagination ? diana he talk to I . alison ( sigh ) okay , I ’ll come and check you room . ( she smile a small , assure smile ) diana I want daddy . he’ll get the scary man . alison ( she smile fade a bit ) alright , if you want . come on . she stand and lead diana out of the room . cut to lawrence 's office . lawrence sit hunch slightly over he laptop computer , focus on some paper heus write . diana and alison appear in the doorway to he leave . he do n’t even look up , just keep type . alisonk tone when she speak indicate that she know he’ll probably say no , or put it off on she . alison Larry , sorry to bother you , but you daughter have a bad dream again . lawrence ( he eye never leave the screen ; raise he finger to pause they ) just a minute . alison she want you to check she room . lawrence ( keep type , never look up ) mmm hmm , mmm hmm , just gotta finish this paragraph . alison wait a moment , then turn to diana . alison ( softly ) you know what sweetie ? i’ll go check with you . they turn , slowly start to walk away as lawrence quickly finish type , then close the laptop . lawrence nope ! I ’m do . ( he smile , turn to look at they . ) cut to dianass room . lawrence reach over and turn on the lamp on dianass side table . diana lie in bed , slightly propped up against she pillow and stuff animal . lawrence sit on the side of she bed . lawrence ( very reassuringly ) see ? ( he pull the cover up over she , up to she chest . ) there 's no one in you room . there 's no such thing as the bad man . now can you go to sleep ? diana I ’m still scared . lawrence you be ? give I you tootsie . ( he pull back the cover and she pull out she foot . he take it in he hand . ) oh , what a big tootsie . ( he turn to she , raise he eyebrow up ) remember this one ? ( he count on she toe as he say the follow ) this little piggy go to market , this little piggy stay home , this little piggy have roast beef , this little piggy have none , and this little piggy go '' weeee ! '' ( he tickle up she leg to she tummy and she giggle ) all the way home ! just then , lawrence 's beeper go off . he lean back , take it out and look at it . diana I hate that thing . lawrence well I have to go to work , sweetheart . you know what daddy 's job be like . now , come on . ( he re-tuck she in , she smile at he . ) letus see . try and get some sleep now , okay ? ( he give she a kiss , smile , stand up and go to the door . ) diana you’re not go to leave we , be you , daddy ? lawrence ( suddenly concerned ) what ? ( he stop at the door , turn , go back over to she bed , sit down next to she and lean over . this be the last thing he’d expect she to say ) what be you talk about ? you mean , leave you and mommy ? ( she nod ; he reach up and gently brushes she hair away from she face . ) no , no sweetheart , I would never do that . who give you that idea ? diana no one . lawrence well it 's not true , okay ? diana ( very softly ) okay . lawrence how much do I love you ? he move he face closer to she and together they say lawrence &amp ; diana Love you very much lawrence that 's right , that 's right ! ( he give she a kiss , pull back . ) good night , sweetie . diana good night , daddy . lawrence get up and go to the door , flipping the light off . he pause before he step out . lawrence tomorrow , I ’ll read you you favourite story . diana ( with a small smile ) okay . lawrence okay . ( he go out . ) Quick cut to the entrance Hall of the Gordon residence . lawrence walk towards the door , alison behind he . alisonk voice start to cut over the scene . her tone be very piss off . alison I do n’t know how much longer I can do this , Larry . lawrence ( sound as though he have no idea what she mean ) what , what be you talk about ? alison ( piss , in disbelief ) how can you walk through life pretend that you’re happy ? lawrence I be happy . alison ( confrontational ) that be complete bullshit . ( cut to a shot of diana , lay on she side in she darken room , clutching she teddy bear to she chest . her eye be open , she can hear everything . we stay with she for the rest of alisonk line , she voice now off a bit in the distance but still very audible ) i’d rather you break down and tell I that you hate I . at least there’d be some passion in it . lawrence would you like to see she ? ( he reach into he pocket and take out he wallet , throw it across the room to Adam , who be sit with he back against the wall , face lawrence . Adam pick up the wallet and open it . he see two picture of diana , side by side . the one on the leave be diana hugging a dog . the one on the right be a smile portrait outside somewhere . adam she 's beautiful . lawrence thank you . adam ( sigh , then look up at lawrence ) you gonna have any more kid ? lawrence ( a bit wearily , but not snobby ) we’ve talk about it , but uh , with we schedule , it 's difficult enough to concentrate on one . ( the tone of he voice indicate that maybe heus start to realize that he should’ve spend more time and attention to he daughter . ) adam ( refer to the wallet ) so where 's the lucky wife ? ( a small smile ) lawrence there 's another picture behind the one you’re look at . ( Adam reach behind the photo on the right and pull another photograph out . lawrence smile slightly as he speak ) it 's my favourite one because we’re all in it together . someone , usually I , have to hold the camera , which mean I ’m always miss from the photo . cut to Adam , look at the picture he pull out . his face be blank , but you can sense great disturbance behind it . cut to a shot of the photo he be hold . it be not the one lawrence describe , but a Polaroid of alison and diana bound and gag , and the message regards with a jigsaw piece draw next to it . he turn the photo over , and there be a message . as he read it , jigsaw read it aloud in a voiceover . jigsaw ( vo ) X Marks the spot . sometimes you see more with you eye shut . Adam do he best to hide what he have see , look up to lawrence . adam it 's uh , it 's not here . lawrence ( a slight disturbance from he momentary nostalgic bliss ) what ? adam uh , this photo you’re talk about ... itus not here . lawrence ( slightly surprised , reach out he hand for Adam to toss the wallet . ) really ? be you sure ? adam yeah . ( tuck the picture in he right hand , he shift slightly by lift himself a bit with he right hand , sneakily put the photograph down and toss the wallet with he leave hand . lawrence pick up the wallet and start look for it , crease he brow in concern , while Adam back up against he wall , hold the photograph out of lawrence’s sight against a pipe he rest he arm on as he look at the photograph . ) lawrence ( disbelief , shaking he head ) he ...he must’ve take it . I ... alisonk voice over be hear as he say this and continue to look through the wallet , and we hear alisonk voiceover from the scene in the main hall . alison ( vo ) how can you walk through life pretend that you’re happy ? CUT to the Main Hall of the Gordon residence , back to the earlier flashback of lawrence and alison . this time , we stay with they . lawrence I be happy . ( he walk over to a chair , lean over it as he put something down , get he briefcase ready to go to work . alison stand a few foot behind he , try she best to get he to react , to stop the bullshit and end the masquerade . ) alison ( piss ) that be complete bullshit . i’d rather you break down and tell I that you hate I . at least there’d be some passion in it . lawrence ( tired of this , brush it off as not that important , like there really be nothing wrong ) we can talk about this alter , okay ? ( he lean in to kiss she , but she shake she head . he pause there . ) alison ( firmly ) just leave . he look at she for a moment , search , then slowly turn away and head out the door . voice goodnight , little girl . ( camera pan up closer into the closet , and we a widen blue eye and part of a face ( yet unidentifiable ) watch she . ) the closet door burst open and diana scream . cut back to the main hall where alison stand alone , she head lower slightly . as soon as she hear the scream she turn and bolt towards she daughterus room . alison diana !? alison get to just outside the door to she bedroom . alison diana ! ( open the door and flip on the light , gasp when she see a figure cover by a blanket loom over dianass bed . the figure suddenly grab diana and she scream , struggle against he . alison go for they . Quick cut to now , in alison and lawrence 's bedroom . waistline shot of a figure wear a black coat , black leather glove and blue jeans , hold a stethoscope . a gun be tuck into he belt and dianass teddy bear tuck under he arm . he saunter over to the gag and bound diana and alison , on the floor and tie to a corner end of the bed . alison , she eye stream tear , struggle and pull against she bond to try to get at he but fail . diana keep cry mommy ! over and over again and sobbing . the figure crouch down beside diana , drop the teddy bear behind she , he face still unseen . he take the stethoscope and hold the end to dianass chest . the sound of a loud , steady heartbeat be hear . alison scream at he through she gag . alison do n’t do that ! leave she ! get away from she ! he pull away the stethoscope and the heartbeat halt . he reach with he right hand and pull from he belt the gun . dianass scream become more desperate , alisonk more frantic , more angry . he put the stethoscope back against dianass chest and move the gun up and down in front of she , then bring it up to she motherus head . we hear the heartbeat again , double in speed . alison ( through she gag ) keep you motherfuck hand off of my daughter ! he pull away the gun and the stethoscope , tucking the gun back into he belt . he reach down behind diana and pick up the teddy bear . as he do , we catch a brief glimpse of the lower half of he face , but not enough for a clear identification yet . he hold the teddy bear out in front of diana for a moment then tuck it in front of she . he pat she on the head and stand up , move over to the window . he part the curtain slightly and lean forward a bit , and we see he face more clearly . it be Zep , the orderly from the hospital . cut to static , and then a surveillance video view of the exterior of the Gordon home , of the window where Zep be stand . the camera zoom in on he and we hear a raspy , male voice speak . voice ( vo as we view shot of Zep ) who be you little man ... I see you ... ( cut to a television screen with the video of Zep in the window . fade back and to the right as we get a view of someoned apartment . plaster on the wall be various photograph , which we can barely make out , and a desk in the corner with some recording equipment . as we move further right and hit the window we see detective tapp , lean over the camera shoot the gordon window , adjust the view . something about he seem just not right . we cut back to he view from the camera . ) do Dr. Gordon know you’re at home with he wife ? I know you know something . ( he voice go up a bit louder ) what be you do in there ? wait for the doctor ? I ’m wait for the doctor , too . hmm . cut to a view over tapp’s couch of the television with Zep on video on the screen . tapp walk over and sit down in front of the television , he back to we . tapp I never should have let you go ... camera pan up to a wall of article , all about the jigsaw killing . it move quickly and zoom in on each headline we see . jigsaw hunt bring d.a. before judge , miss man discover at bizarre crime scene scream be hear then a quick flashback shot of Paul in he cage , first struggle against the wire then hang dead in he cage killer '' preach '' say top cop , psychopath teaches sick life Lessons , quick shot of Mark go around look for the code on the wall , with the sound of he scream over the shot , escape , victim survive maniack game quick flashback footage of amanda in the interrogation room , then fight with she mask , and a shot of lawrence watch and listen to she testimony , Doctor question in case flash of shot of lawrence be question by the tapp and sing and then he lawyer . it end on the flashback shot of tapp look back at lawrence through the two - way glass after amanda tell she story , and the shot slide into a shot of a car pull up alongside a building . tapp ( vo , fade , hushed against soundtrack ) I never should’ve let you go ... the car pull up alongside a building , with lawrence in the passenger seat , and tapp drive . lawrence’s awkwardness , tapp’s distrust , and general uncomfortable tension can be easily detect between they . lawrence ( pretend like heus try to be helpful , really just glad to be out of tapp’s company ) here we be . that be uh , quite a amazing story that poor woman tell . ( tapp just nod , say nothing . lawrence smile very uncomfortably , get out of the car . ) lawrence ( lean down and look back into the car window . ) look , I ’m sorry I can n’t be of more help to you investigation . tapp ( nod very slightly ) you know , we arrest a dentist last week who like to play with kid a bit too much . he live two block from here . the sewer line run under this neighborhood too , Doctor . ( hint hint ) lawrence stand straight up , walk away . tapp wait a moment , then drive off . bam into static and then the video from amandak cell . we be not at tapp’s desk in the police station , watch he obsessively watch the video , stare at the screen , remote control in hand . as he watch , the camera circle around behind the television to give we a better view of we obsessed detective . jigsaw ( from the video ) hello amanda . you do n’t know I , but I know you . I want to play a game . here 's what happen if you lose . there 's a timer at the back of the device you’re wear . when the timer go off , you mouth will be permanently rip open . in the background of the station we hear a couple of detective talk , then sing walk in behind tapp , over to he own desk . he turn , watch tapp watch the screen . tapp stop and rewind the tape . sing ( to the other detective leave ) I ’ll catch you guy down there . ( he reach over and get something off of he desk ) jigsaw ( from video ) think of it like a reverse bear trap . tapp fast forward a bit , hit play . jigsaw ( from video ) I ’ll show you ... tapp watch closely the demonstration of the timer then the device go off and explode . sing watch too , not pay as close attention . as soon as it explode , sing speak . the look on he face and the tone of he voice indicate he grow concern for he partnerus obsession over this case . sing hey tapp ? tapp do n’t look up , resemble lawrence in the earlier scene when alison and diana come to he to check she room while he be work on he paper . tapp mmm ? sing we’re gonna go down to the Grill , go get a beer . you wanna come ? tapp I do n’t think so . thanks anyway . sing ( figure he might answer as such ) you know I always ask . ( he put on he jacket ) jigsaw ( on video ) there be only one key ... sing I ’ll leave you to have fun up here . ( he put he hand on he hip , watch some more of the video . ) jigsaw ( on video ) it 's in the stomach of you dead cellmate . sing ( still try to reach he , break he from he obsession groove ) hey tapp ? I do n’t mean for this to be disrespectful ... ( pause ) maybe you should find yourself a girlfriend . sing chuckle , hit tapp playfully on the arm , tapp laugh a bit too , but do n’t look up . sing remain grin a bit . but then tapp continue and rewind the video a bit . jigsaw ( on video ) it 's in the stomach of you dead cellmate . tapp fast forward . jigsaw ( on video ) look around , amanda . know that I ’m not lie . ( sing step off to the right ) you better hurry up . ( tapp rewind again , suddenly pause ) tapp wait wait wait , sing ! sing stop , turn . tapp get back here ! sing what ? tapp mmm ! ( he gesture franticly for he to come over . ) sing ( sigh then come over ) what ? tapp rewind one second then pause , hold pencil to the screen to a grafitty wall on the video . tapp remember 118th Street ? sing ( look at the screen , think a minute ) ah ...k2k . that gang territory be only about four block . tapp now listen to this . they listen with the volume up high . over the static , the sound of a fire alarm can just barely be hear in the background . they look at each other . tapp hit stop . tapp ( look up at sing ) we gotta check the record from all the fire emergency that occur there in the last two week . go , right now ! mmm ! sing turn and quickly walk off . CUT to Close up of a map , with sing speak in a voiceover . as he speak , there 's a brief shot of the two of they sit over the map , then quick shot of a few black and white photograph of a warehouse , include a close up of a street sign stygian St . sing ( vo ) on the night of Tuesday , the 17th , we get a fire alarm go off in the rear wing of 213 stygian Street . it 's a old list . use to be a mannequin factory . ( cut back to view of the two detective ) you think we have enough for a warrant , though ? tapp who say anything about a warrant ? ( he grin , get up and grab he jacket . ) sing ( be you serious ? ) right now ? tapp why not ? sing yeah , why not ? ( he grab he gun , snap a cartridge into it , grabsup he coat , and quickly follow tapp . brief shot of k2k graffiti on the video and then loud static , which snap into a exterior nighttime view of a old warehouse building and a car speed by . we view be from inside the car as it pull up alongside the building . a police radio can be hear in the background . so can the sound of a gun be load and cocked . tapp ( vo ) at least we’ll have the cover of darkness . sing ( vo ) yeah , well , so will anybody else . a shot of inside the factory , various clutter and table pile up on one another . no sign of life ... yet . a bang from the outside of the door be hear . a couple more bang and a shot of the giant , slide wooden door as it slide open , and sing step in , hold out he shotgun , ready for anything wait for they . cut up to a staircase , light by eerie green light , the same as from paulk razor wire room , as the detective make they way up cautiously , tapp in front , sing cover behind they . they come up another level , one that have be recently use we see as tapp point over to a desk with a computer , a radio , and some other miscellaneous item . then , right next to the desk , we see the k2k graffiti from the video . tapp I get you ... they continue on , move into a room separate with a chain link fence . there be a slightly raise platform , go along part of the wall , with a few step lead up on either side . tapp go up the step . on the raise area be some table cover in heavy red cloth . tapp point to one , reach down , and pull back the cover . he reveal a small diorama of the bathroom scene where Adam and lawrence doll , complete with the body , doll represent each of they . tapp what the hell be this ?....... ( he voice almost a whisper ) oh shit ... they move onto the next table , and tapp pull back the cloth cover that one , revealing the leer puppet from amandak video . tapp stare at it wide - eye . next to the puppet be a strange , boar- like mask with long dark hair . the camera pan back so we have the view of another large object cover in red cloth that tapp and sing have pass by . tapp lean in closer to look at the puppet , when suddenly the still - cover form start to move and muffle moan sound be hear . it startles the detective . sing oh fuck ! they both go over and stand on either side of it , take one end of the red cloth whipping it off . underneath be a man tie to a chair with duct tape over he mouth , hold in place by a manacle around he neck . a contraption on the chair hold two power drill about six inch from either side of he head , point directly at he temple . his eye wide , he moan through he tape at the detective . suddenly , a door be hear clanging open on the other side of the building , and the detective spin to face the sound , gun ready . tapp ( look to sing , say softly ) wait sing ! sing ( try to keep he voice low but come off a bit loudly ) what ? tapp ( eager ) letus see what heus gonna do . sing why ? we ’ve fuck get he . tapp however , have study this guy for so long , want to get a good look at he before heus capture , see he in he element . tapp we do n’t know what he look like . letus see what heus gonna do . sing ( rather loudly , again ) no fuck way ! as the two argue , the man in the chair continue to protest he position . tapp sing , sing ! ( he move in front of the man a bit , hold up he hand to try to halt sing , try to convince he to go along with he . ) sing ( be n’t buy into it ) fuck that . I ’m gonna take he . tapp sing ! sing what the fuck ? shit ! tapp wait sing , listen . whoever it be be move closer , so they quickly cover up the man and the other thing they uncover . the man in the chair protest loudly through he gag and struggle as much as he can in he chair . sing and tapp go and hide behind a tarp cover the entryway to another room while a figure in a black robe line in red come up on the elevator . the elevator stop , and the figure move forward , slowly and carefully . he go up the step to the man in the chair . the figure hood be up ; we do not see he face . as he walk , he seem like he might be have a somewhat difficult time with it . he reach and uncover the man , who beg in muffle tone through the gag . when the figure speak , we instantly know it be jigsaw ; it be the unmistakable voice from the tape and the video . jigsaw awake already , Jeff ? I need more powerful tranquilizers next time . ( Jeff continue he cry , shed a few tear . jigsaw reach over and touch he shoulder ) do n’t cry . I ’ve give you life a purpose . you’re a test subject for something great than yourself . that 's when sing cock the shotgun and the two detective move out of they hide spot , aim they weapon at jigsaw . sing freeze ! Police ! tapp hold it right there ! do n’t move ! sing put you fuck hand in the air ! jigsaw slowly raise he hand , start to turn to face they but then quickly step down hard on a red button on the floor , and the drill trap on jeffus chair come to life . he remain with he back mostly to they , hand still raise . jigsaw now you’ll make a choice . ( sing run up the step to try to where jigsaw be , gun aim at he . tapp remain where he stand . ) in 20 second , the life of this man will be end . tapp shut up and get down here ! sing ( keep he gun steadily aim ) what do you do ? turn it off ! Jeff in the meantime be struggle in he seat as the drill come closer . tapp sing , stop that thing ! I ’m take this bastard down . ( sing toss tapp the shotgun . ) move ! sing ( to jigsaw ) how do you turn it off ?! tapp tell he how to stop it ! jigsaw back up a bit towards the stair . jigsaw one key will unlock it . sing ( frantic ) where be it ?! jigsaw it 's in the box . sing box ! ( he see a box on the side of the chair and open it . Inside he pull out a ring of at least 30 key , and go over to behind Jeff to try to unlock the device . he try a couple of key , none work . ) fuck ! which key , which key ?! tapp tell he which key it be ! jigsaw ( now face tapp , move closer to he . his back be to we , we still do n’t see he face . ) time be run out . tapp shut up and get down here right now , asshole ! jigsaw slowly move down towards he more . jigsaw what 's more important to you Officer , arrest I or the life of another human be ? sing keep try various key . tapp go up jigsaw and grab he , push he down to he knee . jigsaw keep he arm slightly raise . tapp get down on you knee ! sing Jesus ! tapp ! tapp ! tapp ( gun aim at the back of jigsaw’s head ) hand behind you head ! ( jigsaw oblige ) sick bastard . jigsaw yes , I be sick , Officer . sing ( still try various key , none work . he’s in a full - fledge panic . Jeff close he eye , cry , as the drill be only 2 inch away ) tapp ! it 's like , there 's a hundred key in here ! jigsaw sick from the disease eat away at I inside . sick of people who do n’t appreciate they blessing . sick of that who scoff at the suffer of other . sing finally whip out he gun and shoot each drill , break and stop they . tapp glance up at he , briefly distract by the gunfire . jigsaw ( as he pop a blade out of a wristband hide up he right sleeve ) sick of it all ! ( he lash upwards , slashing tapp’s throat ) sing ( see the throat slash ) tapp !!! ( run down from Jeff towards they . tapp clutches he throat , completely surprised , gurgle . ) jigsaw run , fast as he can , out of the room . sing take a couple of shot at he and miss . he stop when he reach tapp , who be slump against the fence / wall and bend down next to he . sing ( desperate , a trace of despair ) no , no ! tapp ! shit ! tapp gurgle at he , hand he the shotgun . sing ( stand , touch tapp on the shoulder then head ) I ’ll be back , okay ? I ’ll be back . tapp just kind of nod , gurgle and hold he throat . sing spin around and then start chase jigsaw through the warehouse , out of the room and down a flight of stair . he move down a long , misty corridor , gun up , move quickly but still cautiously . he take a right , go down another flight of stair then take another right , stop and look down a short flight of stair . Quick cut to tapp start to try to get up , hold he throat . he drag himself along the floor . back to sing , who cock he shotgun , then move down the stair very cautiously . he take a leave around the corner , find himself face down another corridor , where he see jigsaw try to get away . he take aim . sing ( shouting ) freeze or I ’ll shoot ! jigsaw continue move , so sing fire . he hit , and jigsaw go down . sing pause , wait to see if he get back up . jigsaw do n’t move , so sing cock the gun again and start to slowly move forward towards he . cut to a shot of tapp as he struggle to he foot and start towards the stair to follow sing . back to sing , move further down the hall . he get about halfway down it when we see a shot of he foot just at a trip -wire . over it be some cobweb hang down . he reach to part they , and step forward into the wire . as he step we see a shot of a shotgun with wire slowly pull down on the trigger . sing look up , and the trigger of that gun and six other shotgun point down directly at he fire . sing be hit , blood splattering against he and the wall . we see only from he shoulder down . he spasm for a moment , then fall forward to he knee . cut to tapp , who be make strange vowel sound , move down the flight of stair just before the hallway where sing now be . on he knee , sing remain upright for a moment , spasming more . we go to a shot of jigsaw on the floor . jigsaw start move and get himself up to he foot , and start hobbling further down the hall . sing body finally fall forward onto the floor , spasming still . tapp continue down the stair , fall against the wall a couple of time . we see jigsaw as he get to the end of the hall and start slide a large door open . at that moment , tapp reach the bottom of the stair and turn into the hallway , collapse back into a sit position on the stair . jigsaw hobble through the door and start to go leave . tapp sit up a bit and look down the hall , where he see sing , who have stop spasming . his eye widen , tapp remove the hand from he throat and reach forward towards sing , he mouth open and move but no sound other than some gasp come out . the shot fade to a slow - pace black and white , and then snap into a few crime scene photo of sing body , include a nice gory one of the top of he head , part of which be now miss . at the last photoflash , we cut back to a shot of tapp presently , sit on he couch . the shot show a good view of the scar across he neck . tapp ( weak , desperate ) have you ... have you on you knee . ( he sit forward , get some thing off the coffee table ) you’re run . you’re run ... ( he get up and go over to the desk in the corner with the audio recording device and dozen of photo pin to the wall , take a seat ) you’re run scared because we have you . I ’m go to close this case . Ram close it . ( he pick up a small frame photograph , which we can n’t see , but likely , it 's of sing . ) right , sing ? right ? we’re gonna close it , sing . lawrence X Marks the spot ... ( he stand , touch the pipe and look up and around a bit . ) X mark the spot ... we need to search this room again . ( he turn and look over at Adam . ) what be you do over there ? cut back into regular view in the bathroom , with a shot of Adam sit on the tub , hold the photograph of alison and diana just beneath the edge of the inside of the tub , look down at it . he ignore lawrence , flipping the photo over . lawrence ( irritate ) Excuse I ? adam ( glance up ; calm irritation ) just because I ’m stick in this room with you do n’t mean I have to report to you every ten second . lawrence ( sigh ) I really do n’t see the point in we not help one another . adam well what do you want I to do ? I ’m on a leash . lawrence that 's exactly why we need to talk . we need to think ! adam I be think ! lawrence ( snap at he ) well then do n’t keep I in the dark about what you’re think ! there be a pause as something about that statement strike Adam . adam turn off the light . lawrence what ? adam ( let the photo fall into the tub as he stand ) turn they off now , please ! lawrence ( do n’t get it ) why ? adam ( impatiently ) just turn they off for a second ! lawrence stare at he oddly but move backwards , reach over and flipping off the light . Adam look around . lawrence look around too , but he see nothing . he do n’t seem to think this be go to help any . then we see on the wall next to he a glow in the dark X paint on the tile . he do n’t see it and shrug , but Adam spot it . adam Jesus , behind you ! lawrence ( turn and see it , be surprised ) how come we do n’t see that before ? adam the light in here have n’t charge it . it must be glow in the dark paint or something . lawrence turn and flip the light back on , both of they wince slightly at the sudden transition from dark to bright white , though not as much as before . lawrence lean over and pick up he hacksaw , go over to the tile where the X be and start hit the tile with the handle of the hacksaw . he break through , reach into a small cavity in the wall and pull out a small brown box with a hinge lid . he can n’t believe it . he look to Adam , a small grin on he face . he place it on the floor and sit down behind it . adam ( excitedly ) open it ! lawrence ( turn it around so we and Adam can see the small lock on it . ) it 's lock . ( he pause , think , then realize something ) the key , the one from my envelope . where be it ? Adam look around he , then lean down , look on the floor for the key . adam ( soft , hushed tone as he look ) where the fuck ... here . ( he find it , pick it up and toss it over . ) lawrence pick up the key , try it on the lock . it work . he take the lock off , open the box . he hold up a cell phone , smile in relief . adam ( big smile ) cell phone . the most beautiful invention on this planet ! lawrence take out and hold up one of two cigarettes . Adam let out a joyful laugh . adam make that second most beautiful invention ! ( he reach out he hand for lawrence to toss it . ) give I that . lawrence be you joke ? you’re gonna put something we find in this room in you mouth ? adam ( pause , then ) yes , I ’m willing to risk it ! give I that sweet cancer . ( lawrence ignore he request , toss out the other cigarette and a lighter . he find lastly a small fold up note with the word shh , Doctor , write on it . ) I do n’t care , I really don’t . give I one of that . jigsaw’s voiceover read what 's write on the note as lawrence open the paper and read it , keep it low in the box where Adam can n’t see it . jigsaw ( vo ) the cigarettes be harmless , I promise . smoke be only poisonous when it end in bloodsh . think about this - you do n’t need a gun to kill Adam . adam ( grow impatient ) May I please have a cigarette ? lawrence ( ignore he plea ) I ’m try the police . ( he flip open and dial on the cell phone , but a weird beep noise indicate the call can n’t go through come from the phone . he dial again , same result . ) shit . ( pause , think . ) this be mean to receive call , not make they . ( a moment ; he realize something . ) wait a minute ... this have happen before . cut back to a overhead descend view inside a parking garage . lawrence ( vo ) last night , after I finish at the hospital . ( fade into another closer shot of the car , and lawrence walk down the corridor , carry he briefcase . ) I be walk back to my car . ( he stop a moment ) I think I be alone , but I ’m sure someone else be there . ( he squint , bring he hand up over he eye . there be a flash from the side . he look up , startle , look in the direction in which he think it come from , but see nothing . he look around he for another moment , then continue forward to he car . ) cut to a shot within a circular overhead mirror of lawrence’s car pull up to a abandon security gate station . he get out of the car , shutting the door and go over to a phone on the wall to dial security to let he out . when he dial , though , it give he a busy signal . as it beep , we cut to another shot of he car in the mirror . the back door on the passenger side start to slowly open . back to lawrence , who hang up the phone , aggravate , and reach into he pocket for he cell phone . he open it and dial . back in the mirror , we see something get out of the car on its hand and knee . it be in a red robe and have a strangely shape head with long , tangly dark hair . lawrence finish dial , hold the phone to he ear but receive the same beep tone as the phone in the bathroom , indicate that he cannot make outgo call . perplex , he hold up the phone , try to get a better signal . alongside the car , the thing move even closer now . it get up slowly . we see that it be wear the strange boar mask previously see in the flashback of jigsaw’s workshop . it suddenly rush upon he as heus distract with he phone and grab he . cut back to lawrence sit on the floor in the bathroom , still hold the phone . lawrence ( his eye distant , off in he memory ) that ... thing . it be wait for I . ( he exhales sharply , then look back up at Adam . Adam be just stand there , stare at he . something seem a bit ...off . with a suspicious tone , lawrence address he . ) how do you know to turn off the light ? adam who care ? it work . lawrence yeah , but how do you know ? adam ( a slight pause ) instinct . ( his tone be far from believable . ) lawrence ( do n’t believe a word of it ) instinct ? adam yeah . lawrence you know what ? ( he look down , then back up at Adam . ) you’re a terrible liar . adam ( quiet offense ) you say that like you know I . lawrence ( speak calmly , but anger lie underneath the surface ) what else be n’t you tell I ? adam ( cocky and sarcastic ) well , um , letus see . on my sixth birthday , my best friend at that time , Scott tibbs , stab I with a rusty nail . I do n’t tell you about that . I didn’t’ tell you that my last girlfriend , ( lawrence lower he head into he hand . un-fucking - believable ) who be a feminist vegan punk , break up with I because she think I be too angry . uh , I have n’t tell you that one of my toenail be slightly ... lawrence ( snap at he , feed up ) just stop it . you know to turn off this light . adam ( turn away from lawrence ) what -ever . lawrence ( stand up , frustrated . ) I ’m deal with a juvenile . adam ( have have it , look right at he ) you wanna know ? lawrence ( exasperate ) yeah ! Adam lean down and reach into the bathtub , pull out and hold up the picture of alison and diana . adam ( with a somewhat aggressive attitude ) here it be . ( he throw it towards lawrence , who look down at it , then back up at Adam before get down on the floor and pull it towards he with the hinge box . he pick it up , sit up as he look upon it with shock . ) lawrence ( very softly , shakily ) oh God ... ( he turn it over , then back . Adam cast he eye downward , still stand but cool off , feel bad for lawrence ) w... where do you get this ? adam ( softly ) it be in you wallet , behind the photo of you daughter . lawrence w... why do n’t you show I this before ? adam I couldn’t . ( lawrence begin to shakily sob , touch the photo . ) I ’m sorry . ( Adam go over and sit against a pipe in he corner , lowering he head and upper body forward , hold he head in he hand . ) lawrence sniffles , shaking , then look right to the surveillance camera behind the glass and scream . lawrence what be you do to they you bastard ?! ( he go back to huddle over the photograph , sniffle and cry for a moment . then , he sit up , try to pull himself together ) okay ...okay .. ( he look around a bit ) okay , I ’ve get to think now ... ( he look down , see the note again in the box . ) jigsaw ( vo ) think about this ... you do n’t need a gun to kill Adam . when there 's that much poison in you blood ( a slow shot move to the pool of blood from the body in front of lawrence ) , the only thing leave to do be shoot yourself . lawrence look at the body , then down . he 's get a idea . he take a cigarette , glance over at Adam , who still have he head down in he hand . he dip the end of the cigarette in the blood , then put it back in the box . he start to get up . Adam look up , see he stand . adam what be you do ? lawrence go to the light , look at the camera , suddenly flip off the light . we see a shot of Zep startling when the light go out on the monitor , then we go back to the darken bathroom . adam hey ! what the hell be you do ? lawrence ( whisper so the surveillance camera will not pick he up ) Adam , listen to I . I want you to play along with I on this . Zep lean in , try to hear what 's be say , but the static of the video be too loud . he try to adjust the sound , but to no avail . shot go back into the bathroom , where lawrence be finish say something to Adam . lawrence you get that ? ( he turn the light back on , both of they again wince at the bright light . lawrence glance at the surveillance camera , then look to Adam . lawrence ( try to be nonchalant ) so you uh , still want that cigarette ? adam um ... yeah , sure . lawrence make a show of reach into the box where the poison cigarette be , but take the other un - dip one instead . he throw it to Adam , who reach down and pick it up from where it land . lawrence throw the lighter as well . Adam put the cigarette between he lip and reach down , pick up the lighter . he glance over at lawrence , who watch he intently . Adam just shrug then light up . he take a long drag , then exhales in a sigh of relief and with a smile . he take another drag then suddenly freeze , he head jerk and a strange gurgle sound come from he throat . his head jerk more then the rest of he body , he eye widen . his hand drop the cigarette and go to he throat as he turn , still jerky and make a strange , almost squeaky choke sound in he throat . the sound grow louder as he fall to he knee , then back a bit , he leave arm hold out in front of he dramatically . he fall backwards onto the floor , twitching some more , still choke . he let out a long cough , suddenly stop jerk , and close he eye . the death in its entirety be very , very fake . lawrence ( watch Adam , then turn to the surveillance camera , speak with angry finality ) there ! I ’ve do it ! I ’ve kill he with the poison , just like you want . ( shouting ) now where 's my family ?! where be they ?! suddenly , we go to a shot of Adam lie there and a loud , electrical buzzing sound be hear as he body jerk to life and he cry out . he spasm and jerk around as he be electrocute , and lawrence look upon he in shock . finally , the electrocution stop , and Adam sit up slightly , gasp , eye wide . adam ( he shriek in pain and shock ) Jesus Christ !! lawrence’s reaction be not one of concern ; he simply can n’t believe that Adam just screw up the plan . lawrence ( disbelief ) what ? adam ( wide eye ) I just get electrocute ! lawrence what ? ( he roll he eye . unbelievable . he speak in a hushed tone . ) that be we way out ! Adam look at he in shock , cannot believe lawrence would think he’d make something like that up . adam ( yell at he ) do you hear what I say ? ( he desperately grab at the manacle around he ankle , pull at it and shriek ) get this thing off I ! get it off ! lawrence ( piss off ) stop act ! adam ( stop pull at the manacle and chain ; now heus piss at lawrence for he disbelief ) you think I would make that up just to mess up you stupid fuck charade ? lawrence ( give up on Adam , frustrated once more ) all right , that 's it ! ( he lean over and pick up he see , sit down and start try to see through he chain again , grunt . Adam , in the meantime , just sit back against the wall , breathe heavily , look daze . lawrence continue to franticly see , but it do n’t work . he get piss off and throw the blade down . ) ah , damn it !! back to Adam , still look daze . suddenly , a look of realization dawns upon he face . the electrocution have jogge he memory . adam ( wide - eye ) I remember everything now . ( lawrence glance over at he . ) I remember how I get here . flashback to Adam walk up the stair in he apartment building , a camera around he neck , smoking a cigarette and listen to music on he headphone . he walk with a uncare , slow swagger . he get to the top of the stair and walk down a red-lit hallway to he apartment . he go inside , close the door behind he then move into the kitchen area , throw he key onto the table and open the fridge . the entire apartment be very rundown , decrepit , dingy and old ; truly a shithole apartment as Adam describe it earlier . there be graffiti on the door and wall , the wallpaper be fade and peel , the refrigerator be dirty . Adam open the fridge and look inside for a moment . he sigh , then close the door . he head over to he darkroom , close the door behind he . the lighting be dark red . he put the camera down on the table , take the strap off from around he neck , take off he headphone and cd player , press stop and put they down off to the side . he sigh tiredly and go over to a tray where a photo be develop and pick it up with he finger , gang it with a closepin on a hang line with other photo . it be a picture of a man wear sunglass . the man be in fact lawrence . to the leave of that one be a shot of lawrence in the parking garage with he hand over he eye . the camera cut to a shot of the newest photo through a peephole in the darkroom door as the camera fade out and back , view the grafitty door of the darkroom before the shot fade to black , industrial music play over the shot . cut to Adam sleep in the now pitch - black darkroom , he head down on the table . he wake up abruptly , as though he have n’t mean to fall asleep . he look around , confuse , wonder why all the light out . he give a great , another problem type of sigh . he stand and yawn , reach over for the lightswitch . he move it up and down a few time , but nothing happen . another aggravate sigh . he reach down and find a flashlight on the counter , press the on button but it do n’t work . piss , he shake it hard , try to get it to come on , but that do n’t work . he look at it , scoff . adam great . suddenly , he hear something move outside the door , somewhere in he apartment . on alert , he listen . he look down and pick up he camera , slinging it around he neck and hold it out in front of he . he open the creaky door into he also pitch - black apartment . he take a few step forward , speak nervously , but try to be brave . adam be someone there ? ( he take a picture , the flash lighting up the area in front of he . ) I can hear you . ( he take another picture , the flash lighting up a live room area . nothing yet . he move forward more , into the kitchen entryway , snap away for light . ) suddenly , from behind he , a evil doll laugh be hear . he startles , spin around . adam ( he voice alarmed but confuse at the same time ) what the ...? ( he snap a picture in its direction and see the puppet from jigsaw’s workshop and video sit in a armchair , continue its evil laugh . ) Christ ! ( he reach down and find a baseball bat on the floor , and start hit the doll as hard as he can until the laugh start to fade and then just die out . ) what the ... he hear the sound of movement again , come from just behind he in a closet . he go on alert again , hold up the baseball bat and the camera . adam who be that ?! who 's in there ?! ( he move towards the door , shaking but try to be a tough guy ) come on out ! i’ll kill you , you motherfucker ! ( he open the door , hold the camera and take a picture . as soon as the flash go off we see the red-robe pig thing that originally grab lawrence quickly move forward and grab Adam . ) suddenly , the cell phone ring . lawrence look down at it in slight surprise . Adam snap out of he daze to look at it as well . lawrence glance over at Adam and then carefully reach down , pick it up and answer it . the scene will cut back and forth to diana and alison in the room and lawrence on the phone for the duration of the conversation . lawrence ( not sure what to expect ) who be this ? diana ( on the phone , sobbing ) daddy ? lawrence diana ? ( he stand ) diana daddy , be that you ? ( cut to a shot of she be hold by Zep , the phone to she ear . ) lawrence ( get sniffly ) yeah baby , it 's I . I ’m here . ( Adam watch he intently ) diana ( sobbing ) I ’m scared , daddy . lawrence ( try he best to reassure she ) do n’t worry honey , everything 's go to be okay . where 's mommy ? diana she 's here with I . lawrence ( stay as calm and collect as he can for he daughter ) let I talk to she sweetie , okay ? put mommy on . diana the bad man from my room be here . he have we tie up and he have a gun . lawrence w... what man ? diana please come home daddy ! ( Zep kiss she on the top of she head and take the phone away to give to alison . ) lawrence hello ? hello ? diana ? Zep push some of alisonk hair behind she ear with the barrel of the gun . lawrence ( desperate ) diana ! diana ! Zep put the phone up to alisonk ear . alison Larry ? lawrence ally ? be that you ? ( we see a shot of alison give a threaten look through she tear to Zep . ) alison be Adam there ? lawrence ( surprised , look to Adam , who continue to watch he worriedly ) how do you know ? ally , what be go on ? alison ( through she sob , try to calm they and get this message to he ) do n’t believe adamus lie . he know you . he know all about you before today . ( Zep quickly take the phone away , hang up . cut back to the bathroom , lawrence on the phone . ) lawrence ( a dial tone be hear from the other end hang up . lawrence be desperate ) hello ? ally ? ally ? ( no answer , just the dial tone . he stand up . ) hello ? ( he look to the surveillance camera , scream ) God damn you ! if you so much as lay a finger on they , I ’ll kill you ! you hear I ? you son of a bitch ! I ’ll kill you ! ( he sit down , lean forward over the floor , cry a bit . he slam he fist fiercely against the floor . ) adam ( quietly , as though cautiously approach a dangerous animal ) be they okay ? lawrence ( sit up . his voice be calmer , but rage be clearly underneath the surface ) my wife , she uh , she mention you name . adam ( a brief oh shit look appear in he eye , but he act surprised ) what do she say ? lawrence ( not look at he yet . speak very firmly , try to suppress he rage . ) she tell I ... not to believe you . adam ( can not even look at lawrence . ) believe I about what ? ( there be no doubt heus hide something ) lawrence ( finally turn to look at he , the look of 1000 death ) she tell I you know I . ( he stand , loom menacingly , the look stronger on he face ) who be you ? adam ( still try to cover up and lose , still not make eye contact ) you know who I be . lawrence ( snap , shouting at he ) stop the lie ! you’re a liar ! I need to know the truth ! adam ( his tone change , heus have it with hide , have it with lawrence ) I ’m a liar ? ( finally , he look up , right at lawrence . his voice be firm and accuse . ) what do you do last night , lawrence ? work at a hospital ? save sick child ? you tell I that after you leave you house last night , you go to work at a hospital . lawrence ( defensively ) that 's because it 's the truth . adam ( almost deadly ) no it 's not . you wife be right , Larry . ( lawrence be now the one wear the oh shit look . ) you do n’t recall get you picture take in that parking lot ? brief flashback shot of lawrence in the parking garage , pause and cover he eye for a moment when the camera flashed . we see a shot of Adam hold the camera and take the shot from around a corner , ducking back behind the column . lawrence look up at the flash , startle . cut back to the bathroom . Adam stand up , he stance and body language accuse of lawrence . he speak fiercely , disgust with lawrence’s two - face bullshit . adam I can prove that you do n’t go anywhere near a hospital last night . ( he lean over and pull out the garbage bag from the tub . lawrence stand , stare at he in near disbelief . he have be catch . Adam take a handful of photo from the baggie he’d keep hide inside the garbage bag , hold they up and throw they down , scatter they . ) it 's not the first time I ’ve do it either , Larry . ( lawrence lean over to look at the photo on the floor in front of he with complete and utter disbelief , pick one up and look down at it ) I ’ve be take picture of you for a few day now . ( Shots of some of adamus picture . lawrence go into a building , lawrence at a outdoor café eat lunch . ) lawrence ( still hold the photograph ) but ... why ? adam you wanna know what I do ? I get pay to take picture of rich guy like you who go to seedy , out - of - the - way motel to fuck they secretary . ( we start see more shot Adam take while follow lawrence ) last night I go to you house . ( flashback of Adam hold he camera , then cut to several photograph of lawrence leave he house , glance over he shoulder and move down the sidewalk ) I watch you leave . I follow you ( lawrence in the parking garage , photograph of the exterior of the Hotel barfly . lawrence inside the hotel , knock on the door to one of the room while Adam hide around the corner with he camera ) all the way to that shitbag hotel . ( photograph of lawrence stand outside then go into the room . ) lawrence ( calm with rage just beneath the surface ) you’ve uh , have this with you the whole time ? adam I find they , in there ( point to the toilet ; quick flashback of Adam pull the bag out of the top of the toilet , then Adam open the bag and see the hacksaws and a glimpse of something else in the bag. ) with the hacksaws . ( flashback of Adam toss the bag into the bathtub while lawrence be n’t look . ) I do n’t know how they get there . lawrence ( angry ) yeah , right . you’re so full of it ! ( he angrily crumple up and throw the photo he be hold at Adam ) adam ( scoffing tone ) aww , face it , Larry , we’re both bull hitter . but my camera isn’t . it do n’t know how to lie . it only show you what 's put right in front of it . just out of curiosity , what do you do in that motel room ? you get out of there pretty fast . cut to a flashback , the hotel room . carla , the pretty asian girl from the hospital , be inside the room , now in a black lacy top and a gray / blue skirt , wait for he . she open the door , take a step back as he enter . he look unsure of the whole situation , a change attitude this evening from all the other . he shut the door behind he , and carla smile at he . lawrence’s tone when he speak be unhappy . not enraged , just somewhat disapprove . lawrence why do you um , deem it necessary to page I when you know I be at home ? carla I do n’t know if you be go to make it . ( turn , go and sit on the bed . ) lawrence ( sounding very business - like ) but I give you a precise time at which to page I . ( he put the briefcase on a chair by the door then go over and sit down next to she on the bed . ) you can n’t do that . carla it 's not like I know the rule for this sort of stuff . ( she start unbuttone she shirt . lawrence hold out he hand and stop she . she look up at he , concerned . ) what 's wrong , Dr. Gordon ? lawrence ( a sigh in he voice ) look , it be wrong for I to make you come here . carla ( confuse , hurt ) but I think we - lawrence - please . ( very softly ) I ’m sorry . ( he stand and head over to the door . carla remain sit on the bed . she sniffles slightly but do n’t cry . ) suddenly , the hotel room phone ring . carla and lawrence both look at it , unsure , startle . carla look to lawrence . lawrence you tell anyone you be here ? carla no . ( she stand , go over to the phone and answer it . ) hello ? ( she listen , turn to lawrence ) it 's for you . ( she hold out the phone . ) lawrence for I ? ( he walk over , take the phone . ) hello ? the voice on the other end be male , slightly raspy . it be unidentifiable ; it could be either tapp or Zep , or someone else . it be very accuse . voice I know what you’re do ... Doctor . lawrence I - ( but the other person hang up , and a dial tone be hear ) lawrence hang up the phone , turn and move to the door . carla move with he , watch , wait for he to say who it be . lawrence ( nervous ) I have to go . carla what happen ? lawrence I ’ve get to go . ( he pick up he briefcase from the chair , and head out the door . cut to the underground parking lot , the same shot as where Adam take lawrence 's picture . he walk along , pause to wince and cover he eye , then the flash . he look up startle . the shot cut back to lawrence lean forward against the wall in he corner , hand against a pipe . he slowly look up at Adam , think of something . lawrence who be it ? adam who be what ? lawrence the person who pay you to follow I , who be it ? adam ( internal shrug ) he call himself Bob and he give I the money up front . two hundred buck a night . if i’d have know I be gonna end up here , I would’ve ask for a hell of a lot more . lawrence ( pissy ) what do that mean ? do that mean you see what happen to I ? adam ( internal eye roll ; speak as though heus be over this 100 time before ) what I see be you get into you car . that 's it . I do n’t ask you name . I do n’t know who you be . I do n’t know how I get here , I do n’t know how you get here . I just take the shot ( as he speak , a quick flashback of Adam take a picture , go up apartment stair , then in the darkroom ) and go straight home to develop the . next thing I know I ’m chain to a pipe in some prehistoric bathroom , stare at the guy I ’ve be take shot of all night . lawrence ( see a major break in this mystery ) clearly , whoever pay you to take the picture of I be the one who put be in here . adam ( they do n’t know that for sure ) maybe . lawrence maybe ? what do you mean maybe ? of course it be ! what do he look like ? adam ( internal shrug ) I do n’t know , he be just a guy . ( shot of inside adamus apartment and a unidentifiable figure towards the back of the room , the image darken so we can n’t make he out . the figure slowly take a step towards we / Adam ) lawrence be he tall , be he skinny , obese , what ? adam I do n’t take note about he appearance . ( shot inside apartment , the figure move closer ) lawrence ( aggravate , how can he not remember anything ? ) you must remember something about he . adam I can’t . ( shot of inside the apartment , the figure move closer ) lawrence you’re tell I you do n’t remember a thing about the guy ? adam I tell you , I - ( inside apartment , the figure move closer , just about close enough for identification ) lawrence ( enraged , throw he hand up ) oh for fuck sake ! I give up ! adam ( give up he play dumb tone , give in due to irritation with lawrence ) he 's a tall black guy , heus get a scar around he neck , okay ? ( shot of inside the apartment , the figure move into a viewable light ; it be tapp . ) lawrence be lean against the wall face away from Adam . at hearing adamus description , he slowly move back , turn around to face Adam . lawrence tapp ! ( shot of inside adamus apartment , tapp hand we / Adam money . adamus / we hand reach out and take it quickly . then , back to lawrence ) detective tapp ! adam whoa , the guy who pay I to take this photo be not a cop . lawrence no , no , he be discharge from the police force . ( shot of tapp at he desk with the amanda video , look at note . ) he break down after he partner be kill ( tapp and sing sit next to each other in lawrence 's office ) , but that do n’t stop he from harass I . ( lawrence sit in the car next to tapp ) the guy become obsessed . ( tapp in he current apartment adjust the camera in the window , then a shot of he lean over a notebook , go over note . ) he 's convinced himself that I must have somehow be involved with the murder . he’s ... heus crazy . ( tapp at the corner desk in he apartment , give a crazy - sounding heh heh heh laugh . the shot cut back to lawrence , who point accusingly at Adam . ) and you help he . ( disgust ) you take money from he to invade my privacy . how could you do that ? adam ( bite I tone ) call it my need to eat . lawrence ( sarcastic ) right , right . you know what Adam ? you’re not a victim of this game , you’re a part of it . ( point accusingly at he as he say this . ) adam oh really ? obviously this cop think you’re the one behind it all . lawrence ( facing into the corner of he cell , turn around slightly , internal eye roll . ) I tell you , heus not a cop . he 's a bottom feeder , just like you . ( a slight sneer from lawrence at Adam . lawrence turn back into he corner ) adam ( get really piss at lawrence 's attitude towards he ) what be you more piss off about ? the fact that I take some shot of you or the fact that I take some shot of you while you be cheating on you wife ? lawrence spin out of he corner , scream in rage . lawrence I do not cheat on she !!! adam what do you care what I think anyway ? I do n’t give a crap if you cover yourself in peanut butter and have a 15 - hooker gang bang ! a pause , then lawrence collapse onto the floor . he 's lose the last of any strength , level headedness or control he have before . lawrence ( weakly ) how do I get here ? ( Adam sit down on the pipe in he corner , lean forward a bit . ) I have ... I have everything in order . ( he lay down on he side , face Adam , who watch he with sympathy ) my whole life be in perfect order . ( he hold up and look at the picture of alison and diana gag . ) cut to the gordons’ bedroom . Zep put alisonk gag back on she , then leave the room . alison move she head around to loosen the gag then spit it out . she try to fight she sob as she speak softly to diana . alison sweetheart , be you okay ? ( diana shake she head no ) mommy just need you to be really , really , really strong right now . I ’m not gonna let anybody hurt you . you get that ? ( diana nod ) okay , that 's my good girl . ( she start cry as she hand work behind she to loosen the rope around they . ) cut back to Adam in the bathroom , look up slightly from he position . he glance back down at the photograph on the floor , notice something odd about one of they . he furrow he brow and get down on he hand and knee , reach over and pick it up , lean back and look at it , study it . camera cut to a shot of lawrence through the black and white surveillance camera , sit on the floor . adamus next line be a voice over over this shot . adam hey , be there someone else at you house last night besides you wife and daughter ? lawrence ( on camera ) no . adam ( still on camera ) well , there 's someone here . ( he toss the photo to lawrence , whosits up , pick it up and look at it . after a moment , the shot cut back to a regular view of they , in the room . ) lawrence ( realization ) I know he . ( we see the photo as well . it be a shot look up into lawrence 's window , with Zep stand there , look out , completely unaware of he picture be take . ) Zep ! ( cut to a shot of Zep listen . the shot go back and forth between he as he eye widen while lawrence make he threat . ) his name be Zep . he’s a orderly at my hospital . ( he voice become a growl , furious ) Zep . you pervert little psychopath . I ’m gonna take great pleasure in see you pay for this ! you bastard fuck ! suddenly the shot cut to Adam , who look up at the clock with a very worried look . he point up to it . adam look . ( lawrence momentarily break from he Zep rage , look up . the clock read at 6:00 . ) we’re out of time . diana ( cry ) mommy help I ! alison continue to untie she . cut to Zep , get up from he chair , turn to go into the bedroom . alison hear he move near , see he form through the frost glass door . she quickly replace dianass gag and then she own , and resume she position with she hand behind she back just as the door open and Zep step into the room . he look down at they , raise he eyebrow slightly . he seem to have get himself together , ready to just do what have to be do . he take the gun from he belt and lean down next to alison . he look at she with wide eye , shake he head sadly . he speak calmly . zep Dr. gordon time be up . now I ’ve gotta do what I ’ve gotta do , and ... I ’m afraid it have to be you that tell he he fail . ( he undoe she gag , hold the phone to she head and he gun in front of she chest . ) Quick cut to the bathroom , where lawrence be still look at the slightly crumpled picture of Zep in the window . the phone ring , startling they both . lawrence quickly answer it . lawrence ( speak quickly , the growl voice ) be that you Zep , you bastard !? ( Adam get up from he corner , move forward slightly ) I know its you , you son of a bitch ! alison Larry ? lawrence ( he eye widen , he fierce tone replace with worry ) ally ? cut into the bedroom . alison ( look right at Zep , firmly ) you fail . quickly , she grab Zepus gun and push he hard over to she leave . he be take by surprise and go down easily . lawrence ( who can only hear the sound of a struggle ) hello ? hello ? alison rip the gun right from he hand , quickly back up a stand . she keep the gun aim right at Zep . he sit up slightly , try to slowly get up , but she keep the gun fiercely aim at he , keep he there . his eye be wide , likely he one think right now be fuck . alison do n’t move , stay on the ground . give I the phone . give it to I ! ( he sit up a bit , carefully slide it to she . he be watch she , look for a opportunity to overcome she once again . she pick the phone up , still keep she eye and she gun at he . ) Larry ? lawrence ally ! honey , be you all right ? alison no ! no we’re not ... ( Zep start to move up a bit more , he right hand out , lean against the edge of the bed . ally threaten he more fiercely with the gun . ) get down ! Larry , where be you ? lawrence ( unsure himself ) I do n’t know . I ’m be hold captive in a room somewhere . alison ( disbelief ; she sniffles a bit ) what ? what be you talk about ? lawrence ( start to cry ) I ’m so sorry , ally . alison ( desperate ) honey , we need you here . ( Zep slowly ready himself to move forward , wide eye still stare at alison . ) lawrence ( cry , apologize ) I ’m sorry for everything . it 's my fault . please forgive I . I ’ve always be happy with you . diana ( cry out ) mommy ! alison turn to look at diana when she call she , and Zep seize the moment . he leap up and grab the gun from she hand , and they start struggle with it . diana start scream . lawrence , on he end , hear the scream and sound of a struggle . in wrestle for the gun a shot be let off , and diana continue to scream . lawrence ( panicked ) ally ! cut to a shot of static on tapp’s tv set , then tapp waking up to the sound of gunfire . he quickly look over to the window . back to Zep and alison , who be still fight for the gun . Zep manage to spin she around and into a lean forward position , but she still hold on tight . another shot go off . cut to a shot of tapp , who hear it , then look at the tv . he see the flash from the window on the television . he pick up he handgun and load it quickly , get up and head out . back in the apartment , we see diana cower , still tie , hold she teddy bear . Zep get behind diana , try to grab she but she keep she arm and the gun upwards . another shot be fire off . lawrence ( scream ) ally ! ( Adam watch he with wide eye . ) the shot cut back into the bedroom . diana mommy , help I ! the struggle move over and into the dresser . Zep get the gun in he right hand and wrap he leave arm around alison , who quickly pull open and take out of the top drawer a pair of scissors . she spin around and with a scream stab Zep in he leave leg . he scream in pain and go down , fall onto he side , clutching he leg by a wooden column , moan in pain . alison quickly go over and finish untying diana . cut to the Main Hall of the residence , where we see tapp enter and move down the hall with he gun ready . he move cautiously but quickly . he see Zep on the floor squirming around and aim at he , scream . tapp freeze ! Zep turn and see he , fire a shot in he direction but do n’t hit . tapp fire back and skim the top of Zepus head . Zep clutches the surface wound , fire back . cut back to lawrence on the phone , hearing only he daughter scream and gunshot . he sob , collapse forward onto the floor , cry out oh no . Adam watch he , can only imagine what heus hearing . back to the bedroom , tapp stand next to another wooden column and fire at Zep again , miss . alison finish untying diana and the book from the room . Zep fire at tapp again and miss . tapp fire back , but he gun jam . Zep see alison and diana run from the room , and he attention go to they once more . tapp ( try to fix he gun ) what the fuck ? Zep get up off the floor more , but just then tapp give up on he gun and charge at Zep , scream . he tackle Zep , knock he flat on he back . Zep push he way up but tapp grab he from behind , pull he towards he . cut back to lawrence , still on the floor , sobbing with the phone clutch in he hand . back to tapp and Zep , who get up to they foot . Zep grab a vase on the floor and turn , smash it over tapp’s head . the blow stun tapp and send he down . Zep kneel down and pick up he gun , then get back up and start hobbling after alison and diana . he reach the live room , but they be no where to be see . zep Mrs. Gordon ? ( drop old cartridge out of he gun , pop in a new one ) diana ?! ( his breathe be fast , desperate . he clutches the wound on he leg . ) I ’m gonna kill you husband now , Mrs. Gordon . ( he stand up a bit straighter and hobble over to the computer station , take key from the desk and then hobbling down the hall and out the door . we see tapp groan , start to get up . Zep glance over and see tapp get to he foot , but quickly hobble to the doorway and out the door . tapp start to follow , just a we bit daze from the hit . he empty he gun cartridge and replace it , then run towards the door , scream . back to lawrence cry on the floor of the bathroom . he 's just a complete wreck , make low moan sound . suddenly , there be a loud buzzing sound he body be jerk up and he be flung onto he back as he be electrocute . adamus eye widen and he start to panic . adam lawrence ! ( a bit of foamy spittle come out of lawrence’s mouth as the electrocution continue , and then a moment later stop . Adam watch , frighten , unsure . lawrence be out . ) lawrence , get up ! CUT to car chase ! Zep be in the lead , with tapp in hot pursuit behind he . they race through the street as fast as they can . cut back to the bathroom . Adam look around he , not sure what to do , panic . lawrence can n’t be dead , he can n’t be alone in here . he can n’t handle this alone . he need he calm , collect Doctor , no matter how badly lawrence have treat he . adam ( cry out , close to tear ) lawrence ! get up ! I need you ! ( he lean down and find a piece of debris on the floor , throw it at lawrence . it do n’t hit he . he lean down , pick up another , throw it . this one bounce onto the floor but ricochet and hit lawrence , who begin to stir . a moment , and lawrence start to move more , reach for he head and sit up . Adam cry out in relief . ) oh , thank God ! I think you be dead ! lawrence ( sit up , daze and confuse ) he ...he electrocute I ... adam I tell you ! the same thing happen to I , see ? I be n’t lie , see ? lawrence lean over and grab he chain , the source of the electrocution . suddenly , he snap . lawrence ( scream ) fuck this shit !! back in the bathroom , lawrence continue to grunt and struggle with he chain . suddenly the phone ring and he turn . he quickly move to get it , but it be out of reach . he lay flat on the floor , just a foot away from it , try desperately to grab it . in the hallway , tapp enter , keep he gun aim out in front of he . he look down the hallway , see nothing . cut to Zep climb down a ladder into another level , grunt in pain . tapp hear he and follow the sound down the hall . in the bathroom , the phone keep ringing . lawrence grab the hinge box , turn it upside down and try to catch the phone with it . he can not reach , and start to cry loudly again . he toss the box away , cry / scream as he try to reach the box with he arm . Adam watch with a terrify look , not know what to do . Zep reach the bottom of the ladder , lean against it , moan from the pain of he leg . he hear tapp above he , hobble off further down the hallway . tapp climb down the ladder , move in the same direction as Zep . as tapp can move faster than Zep , he round the corner and catch Zep hobbling down the hallway . Zep turn and see he , fire a few shot but miss . tapp duck behind a large stone column jutting out of the wall . he lean out and fire at Zep . Zep fall back slightly but remain stand . if he get hit , it be n’t clear where . Zep then turn and quickly hobble further down the hall . cut back to lawrence still cry and try to get the phone as it keep ringing . lawrence no !!!! ( he lower he head and cry loudly . ) adam ( frightened but try to stay calm for lawrence . ) lawrence , calm down . there must be a way out of this ! ( it seem to be a complete role reversal for the two of they from the beginning , where Adam be the one freaking out and lawrence be calm . here , Adam be terrify but still calmer than lawrence , who have just lose it . ) lawrence ( scream ) I can n’t be calm ! my family need I ! no , God ! ( he cry and scream , still can n’t get the phone . he quickly turn and sit up , grab the chain and pull it as he let out a terrible scream of rage . adamus hand be up clutching he head , try to keep he cool but have a very hard time . ) adam ( loudly try to speak over lawrence 's continue loud , primal scream . ) lawrence , I have a family too ! I do n’t see they , that 's my mistake . it 's a mistake i’d like to fix ! cut to Zep hobbling down the hall . tapp be there run after he . Zep turn a corner , and tapp run to try to keep up . tapp I ’m gonna kill you you sick asshole ! back in the bathroom , lawrence continue to freak out as he mentally break down , clutching the chain and scream more . adam ( desperate , lose he attempt calm stance ) lawrence , stop it ! lawrence sit up , stop pull at he chain but continue scream . he start to unbutton he blue button - down shirt . that be too slow , however , so he start to rip it open . adam ( sob in he voice ) lawrence , please calm down ! there 's a way out of here , there 's a way out ! lawrence get he shirt off , down to a plain white tee shirt underneath . he start to wrap one end around he manacle foot and tie it off . Adam realize what he be prepare to do , completely lose it and freak out , scream . adam lawrence ! no ! oh my God ! what be you do ?! lawrence hold the other end of the shirt in he mouth , bite it for a brace . the look in he eye be one of complete madness and desperation . he take up the hacksaw in he right hand , put it against he ankle and start to see into he foot while Adam begin to scream in complete horror . lawrence scream through the cloth between he tooth . the blood squirt up onto lawrence 's shirt and neck . Adam collapse to the floor in he corner , scream and wince . back to Zep round another corner in the hallway . he move into a old break room and tapp run in after he , finally catch up . tapp tackle he , trip he backwards and cause Zep to hit he head against and old mini-refrigerator . tapp grab he and bring he up , throw he hard against the stone wall . Zep fall down to he side . tapp grab he up and throw he forward against a cage wall . back to lawrence , still saw away , blood on he face , neck and shirt . back to tapp pummel Zep from behind in the back . a look of twisted glee be upon tapp’s face as he hit Zep . Zep fall to the floor , gun beside he . he look like he just want to curl up and die . tapp go down for the gun but Zep react , grab it . tapp grab he hand , and Zep push himself up into a stand position , the wall in front of he , tapp push up behind he , try to take the gun . back in the bathroom , Adam be on he hand and knee , scream and cry as he beg lawrence to stop . lawrence do stop , sit up and toss the see of to the side . Adam collapse forward a bit . back to Zep and tapp , who continue struggle from the gun . Zep squeeze he way down , groan as he suddenly drop down between tapp and the wall , he gun aim up at tapp . he pull the trigger and the shot hit tapp in the chest , a loud surprise to the former detective . back in the bathroom , lawrence crawl along the floor , moan . he find and pick up the single bullet from he envelope , look at it . Adam watch he in terror . adam ( scream / cry ) what be you do ?! ( lawrence crawl on farther , towards the body . ) cut back to a close up of the bloody hole in tapp’s chest . tapp remain stand a moment , in shock , gasp , then fall down backwards onto the floor . Zep be still on he knee , hold the gun up at a diagonal . tapp’s eye flutter , then finally close . Zep turn and get up , limping in pain out of the room and down another hall . back in the bathroom , lawrence reach the body . he take the gun , open the chamber . adam what be you ... ( he suddenly realize lawrence 's intention . his eye go wide , and he start to cry out and beg . ) adam oh my God ! oh my God ! lawrence don’t ! ( lawrence put the bullet in , then close the chamber ) no ! lawrence , please , I ’m begging you ! ( lawrence aim the gun at Adam ) lawrence , it 's not I who do this to you ! lawrence ( look like death , he voice hoarse ) you have to die . adam ( his hand up in front of he defensively , move side to side to try to throw off lawrence’s aim ) no , I want to live ! lawrence ( move the gun along with adamus movement ) I ’m sorry ... adam I want to live ! lawrence my family ... ( he aim and pull the trigger , hit Adam in the upper chest area . Adam fall down forward onto the floor , he scream stop . ) lawrence collapse , sobbing . then he sit up a bit , turn to the surveillance camera and scream . lawrence I ’ve do it ! now show they to I ! ( he continue to cry , drop the gun next to he , collapse back down with he forehead to the floor . ) cut to the gordon neighbor '' live room . alison pace back and forth , hold a cell phone to she ear . two neighbor sit off to the side on a couch with diana . neighbor ( os , on phone ) thank you very much , Officer . alison ( on cell phone ) Larry ? neighbor ( hang up the phone and go over to alison ) do you get through to he ? alison there 's still no answer . neighbor ( reassuringly ) it 's all right . I ’ve call the police . everything 's okay . alison go and sit on the couch . diana come up to she , and alison embrace she daughter . cut back to the bathroom , with a shot of the slide door . the sound of a lock be undone and a bang be hear . lawrence push himself up into a kneel position , a look of shock on he face . the door slide open and there stand Zep , green mist behind he in the hallway . lawrence turn and see he . Zepus eye dart around the room , seem to say what the fuck happen in here ? he see lawrence on the floor , and a eager look come into he eye . he walk in , and lawrence start to yell at he . lawrence you bastard ! i’ll fuck kill you ! ( lawrence grab Zepus leg as he pass but be too weak and Zep pull away , look down at he , move over to the other side of the body ) I ’ll fuck kill you ! you fuck bastard ! ( lawrence quickly cralw forwarrd and take up the gun , pull the trigger several time , but there be no more bullet . it just click . ) I ’ll fuck kill you ! you fuck bastard ! i’ll fuck kill you ! i’ll fuck kill you ! Zep go over to Adam , push he side with he foot a couple of time , but to no reaction . he then look to lawrence and aim he gun at he , shaking he head . zep you’re too late . lawrence ( weakly ) why ? zep it 's the rule . Zep be about to pull the trigger when suddenly Adam come to and grab he ankle , pull he down . the back of Zepus head hit the floor hard . Adam pull he towards he , struggle to get the gun from Zepus hand , scream . the gun go off once off to the side . Adam move Zepus arm back and forth , and it go off again . finally , Adam slam Zepus arm down and get the gun away from he , toss it away . he slug Zep hard across the face , stun he . lawrence start crawl towards they . scream like a madman , Adam sit up and grab the toilet seat lid from the toilet , and slam it down onto Zepus head as hard as he can . he repeat this seven time before the lid snap in half . lawrence reach the two and reach up for adamus arm as Adam bring the break lid down again . lawrence grab he arm and Adam drop the lid , fall forward a bit and clutching he shoulder wound with he free hand , cry hard . lawrence move in , touch he head to adamus . lawrence ( he voice very weak and shaky ) you’re go to be all right . ( Adam stop sobbing for a moment ) you’re just wounded in the shoulder . I have to go and get help . adam ( grasp lawrence 's shirt , begging . ) do n’t leave I ! no ! lawrence nod , pull away from he and start to crawl off . Adam reach for he as he turn himself around and away . adam no !! ( he keep cry ) no! no ! ( lawrence crawl towards the door . ) lawrence ! lawrence ! lawrence ( he pause , turn to look back at Adam ) don’t ... do n’t worry , I ’ll bring someone back , I promise . ( he continue crawl on , out the door while Adam watch he pathetically , still cry and reach out for he . ) lawrence make it out the door , and start drag himself down the hall . Adam be now alone in the room with two corpse . Adam look to the door one more time then turn to Zepus body . he pull himself on top of he , wince at he shoulder pain . adam ( think ) Key ...key ... he start go through Zepus pocket , patting he down . he find Zepus wallet , open it and feel through it ; there '' 's nothing of value to he right now . he toss it down . he continue feel for something , suddenly feel something in Zerpus coat pocket . his eye widen as he reach in , wince from the pain in he shoulder . he pull out a tape recorder . he stare at it , he eye and mouth start to widen . he glance down at Zep , then at the tape recorder . sitting up a bit more , he press play . it be jigsaw’s voice . jigsaw ( vo ) hello Mr. hindle . or as they call you around the hospital : ( shot of Zep in the hospital with he clean cart , stop at johnus room ) Zep . I want you to make a choice . ( shot of the closet door in dianass room fly open , diana scream , alison come in and see he loom over she . shot of he tie and gag alison and diana . shot of the photo of diana and alison tie and gag . ) there 's a slow -act poison coursing through you system ( shot of Zep watch the monitor , hold he hand to he mouth . he actually look rather ill ) which only I have the antidote for . will you murder and mother and she child ( Zep rock aback and forth , get ready to kill alison and diana ) to save yourself ? ( shot of Zep next to alison , say Dr. gordon time be up ; hold the phone to she ear . shot of Zep in the live room , scream Mrs. Gordon ! shot of Zep on the floor fire up at tapp . ) listen carefully , if you will . there be rule . ( lawrence on the floor look up at Zep , ask why ? to which Zep say it 's the rule . ) JOHN the key to that chain be in the bathtub . flashback montage Zepus voiceover of he’s a very interesting person , with a shot of John in he hospital bed with Dr. Gordon and the mo student . his name be John . shot of lawrence point at the chart , he have a inoperable frontal lobe tumor . Close up shot of John in he bed , eye flicker open slightly . shot of tapp in the workshop , hold a gun to johnus head . sick from the disease eat away at I inside . shot of the detective at paulk cage , shot of the jigsaw puzzle piece wound on Paul , Kerry say sound like we friend jigsaw . johnus voice sick of people who do n’t appreciate they blessing . shot of lawrence with diana , check he beeper , on he computer ignore diana and alison , try to kiss alison as she pull away . frontal shot of John in he robe in the workshop with the detective , he arm raise , he face clearly visible . cut to Kerry at the peephole in mark room , say look like he like to book himself a front row seat to he own sick little game , with overlap footage of John on the floor in the bathroom , eye open slightly , then a shot of the pig creature crawl out of lawrence’s car . JOHN ( vo ) hello Mark , Paul , amanda , Zep , Adam , Dr. Gordon . ( as he say each name , the follow image of they appear : a shot of Mark scream with the safe , Paul in he cage while still alive , amanda in she mask in the chair , Zep watch on the monitor , Adam hold the tape recorder to he ear , lawrence hold the tape recorder to he ear . then , a shot of the puppet on the video as he say ) I want to play a game . back to the shot of Adam stare at he , shocked . suddenly , Adam look down , grab Zepus gun and aim for John . but before he can pull the trigger John hold out the remote for the electricity and start to electrocute Adam , who start jerk around and drop the gun . as he spasm , a very , very fast montage of image from the entire film from beginning to the end , start with a shot of Adam be electrocute after he fake death , then lawrence , then go back to the beginning , all the way up and end with Adam stretch out on top of Zep , spasming still from the electrocution . suddenly the electricity stop and he gasp , raspy loud breathe . John turn away , start towards the door . Adam can only watch after he . JOHN ( vo ) most people be so ungrateful to be alive . ( John turn off the light at the door , only the green lighting from the hallway illuminate he and then Adam just barely . John move out the door , slowly . ) but not you . ( Adam reach out for he and scream . John turn around and take the door handle , start to slide it shut . ) not anymore . Adam scream as loud as he can in terror and despair as John pause for a moment with the door halfway shut , and say JOHN game over . John slam the door shut the rest of the way , and we be leave in darkness with the sound of Adam scream no! don’t !!! over and over and cry . the scream fade out , and be replace by the end title and instrumental music . the end