" scary movie 2 " screenplay by shawn wayan , marlon wayan , alyson fouse , greg grabianski Dave polsky , Michael Anthony snowden , & Craig wayan fade in : int . house -- live room -- night a party be wind down . only a few guest remain . they all be gather around the piano . a young priest , father harris , play a old standard . everyone sing along . a woman in the group , mid - 40' , conservative , really get into the song , start give a soulful rendition , drop to she knee ala James Brown . the song end . everyone cheer . Father Harris start another . harris who know this one ?... ( sing ) " who let the dog out ?! " they all join in . a young girl , megan , enter the room . she watch the group . the group notice megan and slowly stop sing . close on : megan . her eye seem vacant , almost like she be sleep walk . she mutter something . megan you be go to die . the group look confuse . the young girl pee on the floor . close on : a woman in the group , mid - 40' . she be the girl 's mother . the mother apologize to she guest . mother I be sorry . she 's be really sick . close on : megan . thwack !! she be smack on the head by a roll newspaper . reveal : Mom hold the newspaper . she shove megan 's head into the pee and rub she nose in it as she continue to whack she with the newspaper . mother no ! bad girl ! bad girl ! dissolve to : ext . hell house -- night the street be cover in thick fog . the only light be by a street lamp . a taxi pull into the frame . it read " yellow cab . " a tall , dark figure get out of the taxi . cab driver ( v.o. ) hey you , pay you fare . the figure take off , run into the fog . cab driver God damn priest always pull this shit . cab drive off . CUT to : int . foyer -- continuous a doorbell ring . it play the theme to " the exorcist . " close on : the mother answer the door . the dark figure lift he head up , revealing that it 's Father mcfeely . father mcfeely uh ... I be Father mcfeely mother Father , come in , please . Father mcfeely enter . the mother close the door behind he . mother I be so glad you be here . father mcfeely I come as fast as I could , but at my age the little soldier need a lot more thumpin before it start pumpin . if I tickle my ass before ... mother it 's okay . I understand . father mcfeely how be she ? mother ( sadly ) she 's get worse , Father . she will not eat , she will not talk . the child will not even let I touch she . father mcfeely ( reflect ) yes ... sometimes you have to give they candy . the mother give Father mcfeely a odd look . they be interrupt by Father Harris . he extend he hand to mcfeely . harris Father . father mcfeely not unless you have a paternity test to prove it . Harris look confuse . harris no , I be send by the church to assist you . my name be Father Harris . they shake hand . harris would you like to see the girl ? father mcfeely soon . first , I must bless this house . mcfeely walk to a room and open the door . int . room -- continuous small bare wall . a window in the center wall . mcfeely close the door . he sit and open a bible and begin to read . close on : the window . fly begin to appear . close on : mcfeely . he wipe sweat from he brow . back to the window : more fly . they buz be loud . mcfeely , now sweat , profusely . he begin to cough . the window be now cover with fly . the buz be deafen . mcfeely , cough and gag . father mcfeely Lord , please help I to release this demon . pull back to reveal : he 's on the toilet . he let out a loud fart follow by plopping noise . father mcfeely thank you , Father . a demonic voice be hear . demonic voice ( o.s. ) get out !!! you fuckin ' pig !!! the room door swing open . mcfeely try to flush the toilet . it bubbles over with black goo ala " the amityville horror . " he hustle out of the bathroom . int . hallway outside bathroom -- continuous mcfeely stagger out . Father Harris rush over . harris Father , be you okay ? father mcfeely yeah , but you might wanna light a match before you go in there . ( then ) do you bring my bag ? harris yes . father mcfeely then let we prepare . both priest walk up the stair . CUT to : int . megan' bedroom -- night mcfeely and Harris enter . father mcfeely remember , do not ask she too many question . harris because she will lie ? father mcfeely no , because she breath smell like a horse 's ass . megan lay tie to the bed post of she bed . her face be cut up and twisted , eye a eerie red . she 's hook up to a i.v. with a small tube run out of she nose . it 's shape like a crazy straw with red fluid go through it . the straw lead to a cup . " slurpie ! " megan be wheeze , heavily . she wear a tee-shirt that read , " I go to Hell and all I get be this stupid t-shirt . " they go to opposite side of the room . megan stare straight ahead . Father mcfeely see that next to megan 's bed be some get - well card , flower , balloon , and a teddy bear . he pick up one get - well card : it feature a cheesy , happy cartoon dog say : " Heard you be possess by the Devil " ... he flip the card open and read the punch line : " he picked one Hell of a Nice girl ! " mcfeely , shiver , he breath visible , take the metal cross from he pocket and kiss it . but it 's so cold in the room that he lip instantly stick to the metal . he struggle to pull he lip off the cross and finally manage to painfully tear it off he face . mcfeely make the sign of the cross to megan . megan shove it up you ass . you worthless piece of shit ! father mcfeely silence !! Father mcfeely toss a mint in she mouth . father mcfeely look , my child . we have come to help you . Harris look at megan . he sit down on a chair besides the window . megan / demon you mother 's in here with we , Harris . would you like to leave a message ? I will see that she get it . harris if that 's true , then you must know my mother 's name . what be it ? megan keep a sharp stare on Harris . Harris ' smile turn to a angry stare . he rise and move to she bedside . harris what be it ? megan lean forward . blanchhhh !!! she vomit a disgusting green bile in Harris ' face . Harris wipe it off , cough . harris that 's right . blanche be my mother 's name . you be the devil . Harris toss holy water on megan . she fall back , writhe . father mcfeely it burn ! it burn ! close on : mcfeely , hold he crotch . father mcfeely damn Tijuana hooker . Harris and mcfeely begin to pray . mcfeely / harris we Father who art in Heaven ... megan you mother suck cock in Hell , Harris . Harris try to ignore she . father mcfeely oh shit , you gonna take that ? harris what ? father mcfeely what she say about you mother ? Harris fire back at megan . harris oh , yeah , well you mama get one leg and do jump jack like this . he put he foot together and jump they from side to side as he clap he hand over he head . megan so , you mama 's so fat when she walk by my bed , it do this . her bed bounce and buck off the floor . harris what about you mama ? her butt be so big , she wipe she ass like this . he make a exaggerated movement of put he hand behind he head then bring it up high and back down over he face . the exchange continue with the possess girl get the best of Harris . harris enough ! begone from this child of God . I command you by the power of the live and the dead ... megan groan , flick she tongue wildly at mcfeely . harris ...to leave the young servant so that she may return to she ... mcfeely respond back with the same gesture , then simulate she give head , then start wildly thrust he pelvis , simulate sex . megan fall back on she pillow and moan . Harris shoot mcfeely a hard look . mcfeely stop . Harris continue . harris in the name of the Father , the Son , and the Holy Spirit , I cast you out . mcfeely , cough , hardly able to catch he breath . megan on the bed , laugh . smoke billow out of she mouth . Harris rush to mcfeely . harris Father , be you alright ? mcfeely nod yes , revealing he 's smoking a joint . father mcfeely this be some good shit . he offer a hit to Harris . harris no thanks . father mcfeely my holy water . Harris give he the bottle . mcfeely take a swig . father mcfeely ahhh , that 's better . mcfeely splashes some on Harris , playfully . he clear he throat and start again , take turn splash the booze on she and take sip from it . father mcfeely the power of Christ compel you ! he splashes she again , then take a sip . she roar . light flicker . the scary , pale " death head " flash over she again . but this time , it 's pick its nose . the " death head " realize it 's see and quickly pull its finger from its nose , try to look all scary again . father mcfeely the power of Christ compel you ! he splashes more booze on she and take a sip . by this time , Father mcfeely be get drunk . father mcfeely ( slurring ) the power of chrishht compelshh yooo . he 's stumbling around , splash the wall . father mcfeely ( slurring ) power of compelshh chrishht you , or something ... suddenly , the girl 's strap break and she start float up . Harris watch in awe . a magician' assistant pass a hoop over she . father mcfeely David blaine , kiss my ass . the girl continue to float up into spin blade out of the ceiling fan . whack ! the blade slam into she head , send she fly back down on to the bed . harris Father , I think you should rest . father mcfeely no , I be fine . he stagger over to the bed , kneel and start to pray . Harris exit the room to retrieve he medical bag . he return to find mcfeely lie unconscious on the bed . megan , sit , quiet look at mcfeely . Harris rush over to mcfeely . harris Father ! Harris grab mcfeely and throw he down to the ground . mcfeely 's eye open . father mcfeely I must have doze off . Harris , catch up in the moment , be oblivious that mcfeely be okay . he start pound violently on he chest . harris no !!! Harris knee - drop mcfeely . his effort to revive mcfeely resemble a wwf grudge match . Harris diving off of furniture , slamm down on mcfeely . finally , he check he pulse . he think mcfeely be dead . Harris shout out at megan . harris look what you have do ! megan sit , quietly . Harris dive on top of megan and start choke she . harris take I ! take I ! new angle : mcfeely sit up , still drunk and disorient . he notice Harris on the bed . mcfeely Pov : he see Father Harris on he hand and knee . his robe be hike above he waist expose he naked ass . harris take I ! God damn you , take I ! mcfeely , now on he foot , smile as he move toward Harris . close on : Harris ' face . it turn to shock and horror . he look possess as we hear the sound of penetration . harris nooooo !!!!! Harris dive out the window . mcfeely watch as Harris tumble down the long staircase . megan begin to giggle . megan you fail , mcfeely . you weapon be useless against I . father mcfeely you be mistaken my child . the Lord have great weapon than I . mcfeely pick up he bible . father mcfeely hear the word of the Lord and be humble ! mcfeely lift up a crucifix . father mcfeely see the cross of the Lord and tremble ! if ye still not have faith , then ... mcfeely reach into he jacket and pull out a .44 magnum . father mcfeely ... suck on this !!! megan 's eye widen . blam !!! the screen goe black . smash CUT to : title card " scary movie ii " CUT to : ext . college campus -- day -- establishing shot the campus be alive as student make they way to class . close on : a soupe - up muscle car drive through the parking lot . CUT to : int . car -- continuous the driver , dwight , a nerdy man between 25 - 30 , glass , thinning hair line . he drive recklessly , shouting at the people in he path as he honk he horn . dwight come on . move it . a guy on crutch walk in front of the car . dwight come on , peg leg . I be not get all day . dwight whizze past , cause the man to fall . dwight notice a girl in a short skirt . dwight hey , sweetie , ever hear of a gym ? I have see pool stick bigger than that thigh . dwight continue . he find a parking space , whizzing before another car that have be wait to take the space . dwight yell at the irate motorist . dwight sorry , but the fastest foot win . dwight shut off the engine , and open the door before he exit . we see a wheelchair unfold . dwight hop in . he be paralyze from the waist down . his leg dangle , lifeless . on he foot , a new pair of Air Jordan sneaker . dwight wheel around to he trunk . he pop it open and remove he briefcase and a razor scooter . he place he foot on the scooter and roll the wheelchair with he hand . off he go . CUT to : ext . campus -- later in the middle of the campus quad , there be a distinguished statue of Thomas jefferson . pan down to reveal : a black woman slave and a bunch of nappy-head black kid . a plaque read : " once you go black , you never go back " ... sitting on the base of the statue be cindy and shorty . cindy so , do you think you make it into the class ? shorty I do not know , but I sure hope so . cindy you could use the grade , huh ? shorty Nah , I need a place to stay . so how do you like be in college ? cindy okay , I guess . it 's so intimidating . you know be away from home , not know anyone . I feel like such a geek sometimes . everyone 's so cool and I be so not . shorty aww , you be not that bad . you just need a little flava . first thing we gotta do be get you some new gear . cindy huh ? shorty gear . you know , clothing . cindy oh. shorty let 's start with some rhythm . sway back and forth like this . Shorty demonstrate . Cindy begin to mimic , clumsily . shorty yeah , something like that . ( then ) now , go leave , right , leave , right , crossover kick ... Shorty demonstrate . Cindy follow . cindy Left , right , leave , right , crossover kick ... shorty now you gotta learn the correct slang . Shorty begin to demonstrate . cindy yo ! that jacket be tight . shorty yeah , now go uhn , uhn , uhn ! cindy uhn ! uhn ! uhn ! shorty yeah , you feel that ? now put it all together . Cindy now completely rhythmic and soulful , execute the combination , just as a nicely dress young female student pass by . cindy Left ... pow !!! Cindy connect with the student 's jaw . cindy pow !!! another crunching blow . cindy crossover kick ... Cindy smashes she foot to the face of the student . the student fall to the ground . cindy uhn ! that jacket be tight . now run that shit , bitch . the student nervously give Cindy she nice leather jacket . Cindy slap Shorty high - five . the student take off run . Cindy put on the jacket and pose in a gangster lean . cindy be I cool now ? shorty almost ... look , I gotta bounce . I will holla at you later . Cindy give Shorty a hug . they go they separate way . CUT to : int . men' dorm -- ray' room -- later ray , and he roommate , tommy , be get dress . they friend , buddy , wait impatiently . buddy hey , man , you two boner be not ready yet ? we be gonna miss the bus , Ray . coach say if we gpa drop below 2 we be off the squad . ray do not worry , we will make it . say , what do you guy think , tuck in or out ? reveal : Ray , naked with he dick tuck between he leg , make it look like he have a vagina . buddy / tommy out !!! ray no doubt . that 's what I think . Ray and Tommy continue to get dress . buddy wait . buddy if you two have not be out party last night , you would be ready by now . tommy it be awesome , dude . we get fuck waste . I have like a whole keg . dude , I be so shitface . I wake up naked in a tub of ice . ray ( laugh ) I wake up naked , too . tommy hey , dude , you get a tattoo . ray what do it say ? tommy it say , " Ray . " ray ( check Tommy 's back ) sweet . hey , you get a tattoo , too . tommy get out ?! what do it say ? ray " fucked I . " tommy aww . cool. dude . they read each other 's tattoo ala " dude , where 's my car ? " tommy " Ray ! " ray " fucked I . " tommy " Ray ! " ray " fucked I . " tommy / ray " Ray fuck I . " tommy hey ! ray what ? buddy give Tommy a wedgy . buddy wedgy moment . tommy totally get I , fuck . he try to fix he underwear . buddy come on , dude . we be gonna be late . Ray grab he stuff . he and buddy exit . ray see you later , man . CUT to : ext . campus -- day Cindy pass several activity booth . she notice a young pretty girl on the phone , obviously upset . her name be alex . alex ( into phone ) that 's it ! I do not want to be treat like this anymore . it 's over . Goodbye . have a nice life . she hang up the phone . Cindy approach . cindy be you okay ? alex yeah , I be fine . I just break up with my boyfriend , that 's all . cindy that 's always tough . how long be you together ? alex well , we never make it official , so I guess we be technically never really boyfriend and girlfriend , but I be see he in school . I see he at the mall about six month ago and I be too nervous to introduce myself so I follow he to he car , and jotted down the license plate number . it be register to he mother , so I go to she house . she be so nice . I mean , she seem like she would be nice ' cuz I never really speak to she . I just wait till she go to work then I climb in through she window and borrow she phone book . I say borrow because I be go to give it back one day . but anyway , I call everyone in it till I find she son . he be not home when I call so I leave this message how much in love I be with he . I be , and how I want to have he child . just really open up , and he never call back . I would call and call , and anyway , six month and two restrain order later I just decide I deserve better . what about you ? do you have a boyfriend ? cindy no , I have not date in a while . my last boyfriend 's ... Alex interrupt , totally uninterested in Cindy 's story . alex hey , look there . my friend Brenda . close on : brenda be on the financial aid line , stand before the cashier . cashier okay , here 's you loan check . you grant check . you disability check . and oh , a block of government cheese . brenda thanks . she step out of line . we see behind she a homeless man , a welfare mother with kide , a crack addict , etc . Cindy and Alex approach . alex hey , Brenda . brenda do I know you ? alex well , actually , we have never meet officially , but I bump into you at the cafeteria and you be so sweet . I say , " I be sorry , " and you say , " watch it , white bitch , or I will put my size eight in you ass . " I think how cool . I wear a size eight , too . anyway , this be my best friend , Cindy . cindy we already know each other . hey , Brenda . brenda hey , Cindy . you friend need help . cindy actually , I just meet she . this be Alex . brenda oh my god . madam elsa , my psychic , tell I I would meet somebody whose name start with a letter of the alphabet today . cindy really ? that 's amazing . brenda hey girl , that jacket be slamm . cindy thanks . brenda you better be careful . I hear some girl get she ass whoope and jacket steal earlier today . ( off Cindy 's look ) hey , what class do we have next ? cindy psychology . alex I , too. 101 ? brenda in room " 302 " at ten o'clock ? alex that 's it . brenda oh , this be too much . I be gonna have to play this number . remind I to pick up a lotto ticket . the girl take a few step before Brenda grab Cindy by the arm just as they be about to pass a iron post between they . brenda wait , do not split the pole . it 's bad luck . Brenda walk around Cindy 's side and they go on to class . alex you do not really believe that stuff . just then , two other student split the pole on either side and be mow down by a car . brenda oh yes , girl . after my near- death experience , I have become very spiritual . I can feel my angel all around I , oh , look a penny ... Brenda pick up the penny . they walk past a fountain . brenda that 's good luck . wait , let I make a wish and throw it in the fountain . ( close she eye ) I wish for a lot of money . she toss the penny into the fountain . brenda ( open she eye ) oh , look , it work . she reach down in the fountain and grab both hand full of coin . brenda God be good , y'all ext . college campus -- establishing shot -- a short time later CUT to : int . science build -- continuous a student walk up a flight of step through a set of swinging door . he see dwight come towards the door in he wheelchair . student there you go my man . dwight hey , pal , I can handle a door by myself . student Fine . the student let the door go . they swing , smash into dwight , send he fly . another young student rush to help . student # 2 be you okay ? let I help you to the handicapped ramp . dwight I be not handicapped ! I can use the step like anyone else . dwight wheel himself over to the stair . he successfully navigate one step then go tumble violently down the rest . dwight that 's one more than last week ! int . science build - professor oldman' office - a short time later dwight and professor oldman , 50' , distinguished , be present . dwight I finish all the interview . professor let I see the file . dwight they be on top of the bookshelf . I will get they . dwight wheel himself over to a bookshelf . as he attempt to retrieve the folder , the professor move to assist he . professor let I help you . dwight I do not need you help . I be perfectly capable . dwight climb the bookshelf , reach the top , and lift up the folder . just then , the bookshelf topple over on top of dwight . his hand extend from the mess , hold the folder . dwight here you go , Professor . professor be this all the subject ? dwight , dishevel , glass bent , get back in he wheelchair and make he way over to the Professor . dwight yes . the score all over the kiersey temperament sorter just like you ask for . professor any of they hot ? dwight roll he eye . dwight I also take the liberty of put that with near- death experience on top . professor good think , dwight . traumatize co -ed be a sure thing . dwight ( drip with contempt ) as I be sure you be aware , Professor , subject who be close to death be statistically more likely to have the suggestibility require for paranormal investigation , which be , of course , why I have give they special consideration . professor look , whatever you say , kid , but the more they be hurtin' , the more they need a squirtin' , if you know what I mean . ( then , off Cindy 's picture ) ooh , I like she . dwight Cindy Campbell . classic abandon personality disorder . she seem guard , but willing to do this . professor willing ? I like that . ( then , off Ray 's picture ) and , this one ? dwight that 's Ray Williams . I could not quite figure he out , but he seem very eager and excited when we meet . professor what 's this ? Professor hold up another photo of Ray . in this one , he 's get he shirt off and he thumb hook in he jeans ' pocket . dwight oh , that 's the picture he send I after we interview . the Professor continue look at the picture and file of Shorty , Ray , Brenda , and Cindy . professor car accident , gun shot , multiple stabbing , a hook through the back ... where do you find this kid ? dwight they be the survivor of the steveston County massacre . professor fantastic . this kid be exactly the kind of catalyst need to awaken Hell House . dwight how be we go to get they all up there ? professor I will make it part of the class . we will tell they they be participate in a study on sleep disorder . dwight and what happen when all hell break loose ? professor we record and document it . we be gonna make history , dwight . the first document , unrefute evidence of life after death . the book sale alone will be worth million . I will be rich , and you my friend , will have one hell of a thesis paper . now , what time be orientation ? dwight in about fifteen minute . professor remember , dwight , not a word to anyone . CUT to : int . science build -- hallway -- moment later buddy , Ray and a couple of other guy be horsing around . smiling , buddy , flick a guy 's ear . slap another be hat . they all take it good and naturally return the friendly abuse . buddy whoa ! who laid one ? ray whoever smelt it , deal it . buddy hit Ray in the chest . buddy open chest . Ray return . ray loose nut . you better hide they . Ray stand grab the guy 's crotch . everyone stop laugh . ray what ? you guy do not know this game ? the girl walk past , interrupt the moment . buddy dude , look out . Ray turn . he and Cindy collide . her book fall to the ground . Ray , not recognize she , bend down to help she with she thing . they eye meet . they be both shocked to see each other . cindy I be sorry , I should have be watch where I ... ray it 's okay . cindy oh , my God , Ray ! what be you do here ? ray it 's the sequel . cindy oh , right . ray listen , no need for you to worry . all that stuff that happen before be behind we . let 's just try to move on . cindy I be . so just do I a favor and stay away from I . Cindy storm into class . Brenda push through the guy . she see Ray . they eye lock . ray hello Brenda . brenda hello Ray . though guard , we can see they still have feeling for one another . Brenda hurry into the classroom . CUT to : int . professor oldman' classroom -- continuous the Professor address the class : Cindy , Alex , Brenda , Shorty , dwight , Ray , buddy , and Theo . professor welcome everyone . I be Professor oldman . all of you have be carefully select to be in this class . this course be very unique in that each semester my student take part in a bona fide study for which they receive a automatic grade of " a " upon completion . this semester 's study be insomnia . all of you have some kind of sleep disorder that we will attempt to resolve or at least find the origin to . Theo , a strike look woman who be drop-dead gorgeous , with a body to match , raise she hand . Theo ( stand ) Excuse I , but I do not have a sleep disorder . professor it 's okay . you have a " D - cup . " you be in the right place . theo sit . professor my assistant , dwight , will be pass out direction to everyone . dwight roll over to the desk , pick up some papers , then roll over to a few step . cindy would you like I to help you pass they back ? dwight I do not need you help . dwight tip over in the wheelchair and fall hard against the floor . everyone be take aback . crawl , dwight pass out the papers . everyone reach down to collect one from he . professor you should arrive no later than 6 pm tonight , and plan to be there until Monday . that 's it for now . I will see you all this evening . class end . everyone exit . buddy notice Cindy have leave she book . he grab it and go after she . int . science build -- hall -- continuous buddy catch up to Cindy . buddy hey , you leave you book back there . cindy thanks . I be Cindy . buddy hand she the book . the cover read " dummy guide to the paranormal . " buddy so , I see you be really into spook . cindy no . I never date outside my race . buddy I mean you be into ghost . cindy oh , yeah . I be just curious about that kind of stuff . buddy so it look like we be go to be spend the weekend together . cindy yeah . buddy maybe we can study together or something . cindy I be sorry , buddy . you seem really nice , but I be just get over a really bad relationship , and I be not ready to start dating yet . buddy look disappointed . cindy but , hey , maybe we can be friend . buddy ( excited ) sure , that would be cool . Friends . cindy ( playfully ) okay . see you later , friend . she turn to walk away . buddy notice the top of she panty , grab and yank they up . buddy wedgy !!! Cindy hear the rip sound and feel the burn . she turn to see buddy run away . buddy smell you later ! ha ! ha ! Cindy smile . CUT to : ext . country road -- day a small car drive by . CUT to : int . car -- continuous Cindy , sing along with the radio . she sound terrible . the song stop . radio ( v.o. ) hey , will you shut the fuck up and let I sing ?! Cindy , embarrassed , stop sing . the song start up again . Cindy check the address as she drive up . CUT to : ext . country road -- continuous Cindy 's car make it 's way up a long driveway . CUT to : ext . hell house -- moment later Cindy walk up carry luggage . close on : door . Cindy grab the knocker . reveal : the knocker be a set of ball hang from a bronze male figure on the door . she slam they hard against the door . no answer . she bang the knocker again . still no answer . she push against the door . it open , slowly . CUT to : int . foyer -- continuous Cindy enter , walk through the house . she make herself at home , nose into thing she should not and speak in general to no one . cindy hello ? she walk over to a answer machine and hit " play . " answering machine no new message . cindy anybody home ? she put that down and move a couple of piece on a chess board . cindy checkmate . hello ? she take a bite off a half eat sandwich and drink the last of a glass of milk . cindy hello ? she deliberately knock over a domino and set off a elaborate carefully plan layout . cindy be anybody here ? she dig through the cushion of a chair and pocket some change . cindy I be tell there would be somebody here . she open a couple of piece of mail and read it , then ... cindy hello ? you test result be in . Cindy continue walk through a swinging door and find hanson , a well - dress man , middle - age , with a short arm and a little hand . he 's in the middle of prepare food . he hold a meat cleaver in he hand as he turn toward she . Cindy be startle . cindy oh my God ! I be here with the ... hanson yes , Professor oldman 's group . forgive I . I do not mean to frighten you . he put down the cleaver , and move he hand towards Cindy 's face . hanson my be not you a lovely child . hanson stroke she face . Cindy fake a strain smile . hanson ( tapping she nose ) and what be you name ? Cindy , almost cross -ey , watch he finger . cindy I be Cindy . hanson ( extend he hand ) I be hanson the caretaker . Cindy reluctantly shake he hand . hanson I will show you to you room . let I help you with that . he grab the luggage . hanson whoa , that 's heavy . I better use my strong hand . he grab the luggage with he little hand . the bag open , spilling all of Cindy 's item over the floor . hanson I be so sorry . I will get they . as hanson retrieve the item with he little hand ; a toothbrush , underwear , and other personal effect , Cindy look on in horror . CUT to : int . basement -- later a makeshift lab as be set - up with monitor and other high tech equipment . dwight and the Professor discuss the project . dwight be wear a brand new pair of roller blade . dwight I have take care of everything , include medical supplies and blood storage . we want to be safe . professor right . what about condom ? dwight Professor ! professor hey , you be the one who bring up safety . I be perfectly willing to go in raw . dwight would you please focus ? professor Fine . ( then ) what 's all this stuff ? dwight well , this measure the amount of thermal imbalance within a room down to the tiniest molecular disturbance . the Professor be distract by a bank of monitor . professor be that camera all throughout the house ? dwight yes , I think that it would be best . professor even in the bathroom ? dwight gesture to a monitor . professor so , if one of we little chickadee be take a shower which one of this button do I press to get a close - up ? dwight ( annoyed ) that one . professor after dinner , you and I will take shift throughout the night . I do not want to chance miss anything . hanson Excuse I , sir , but the student have start to arrive . dinner will be ready shortly . dwight thanks , handyman . hanson I be the caretaker , not the handyman . ( off dwight 's footwear ) Nice skate . be careful . you do not want to fall and break something . hanson exit before dwight can respond . professor I be go to change for dinner . I will see you shortly . dwight sound good . I be just go to run up to my room . hop in the shower . jump into my jogging suit , and I will be right there . the Professor exit . CUT to : int . dine room -- night Cindy enter . Ray , Shorty , Professor , dwight , Alex , Brenda and buddy be all already gather . cindy ( excitedly ) hi guy . group ( barely notice Cindy ) hey . what 's up? uh huh . theo enter the room . everyone stare . Theo hey guy ! group ( excited ) hi theo ! buddy approach Cindy . cindy ( smile ) hi buddy . buddy open chest !!! buddy punch she in the chest . Cindy go fly . buddy gotta be quick than that , " a - cup ! " Cindy stagger to she foot . Theo well , be you boy just gonna stand there with you mouth open , or be somebody gonna offer I a seat ? Cindy sit just as buddy unknowingly grab the chair from under she to give to theo . Cindy crash to the floor . Theo many chair be push in front of she include dwight 's wheelchair . reveal : dwight sit on Ray 's lap . dwight ( refer to he wheelchair ) it 's the best seat in the house . I warm it up for you . ray second best . theo sit next to the Professor . Cindy and dwight reseat themselves . cindy Professor , be this the same house that a young girl be possess by a demon or something ? professor yes , it be report , but never substantiate . shorty yeah , just like that charge regard I and that blind haitian girl . brenda pass I the salt . Brenda toss a handful of salt over she shoulder . it go into dwight 's face . dwight hey , what be you do ? brenda keepin ' evil spirit away . and if that do not work I always get this . Brenda pull out a gun and cock it . professor not to worry . there 's be no report activity in the house for over twenty year . dwight let 's not forget , folk , this be a study on sleep disorder . professor ah , yes , which remind I , who here think they would wake up if somebody snuck into they room and start sniff between they leg ? hanson roll in a cart fill with a variety of food , include a huge turkey . buddy enough spooky stuff . let 's eat . brenda well be not we gonna bless this food first ? alex allow I ... God be good , God be great , but not all the time . sometimes he could be a real asshole , because it seem as though every time I try to establish a relationship with he , he never return my call . I have be praying for twenty - four year and I have not hear he voice yet . not one message on my answer machine . you miracle do not impress I . it 's you quality time I want . so , if you hear I , and I know you be up there , thanks for the food . it 's the least you can do . in Jesus ' name , do not let I get start on he , amen . Alex look up to see everyone stare in awe . hanson anyone care for appetizer ? everyone chime in they request . hanson remove the long napkin drape over he arm , revealing he short arm and little hand with its stubby finger . he use this hand to hold the tray of appetizer . he offer some to the Professor . hanson finger food ? hanson walk around the table with the tray , offer . everybody reach to take one . they realize that the appetizer look creepily like hanson 's finger . Cindy break the tension and reach for a roll . cindy how about this bun ? ray yeah , they be so warm and soft . buddy Ray !!! Ray pull he finger from buddy 's ass . pop ! ray oh , my bad . hanson sure , I will just set they down and you can help yourself . everyone grab a roll . Cindy take a big bite . cindy ummm !! they smell delicious . hanson thanks . I make they by hand . everyone drop they roll . Cindy spit a mouthful into she napkin . hanson the potato be just about ready . let I just go whip they up real good . he whip the potato . his knuckle dip into the bowl , cover they with potato . hanson lick he knuckle . hanson ah , that 's good . dig in . hanson place the bowl on the table . hanson and now for the turkey . ray say , what do you say you let I do that ? you just relax . you have do enough . hanson oh , nonsense . it 's my pleasure . hanson raise a large knife , then rest he little hand on the turkey to hold it steady . hanson you know , make a turkey be a real art . the trick be in the stuff . a lot of people be afraid to get they hand dirty . not I . when I stuff it , I like to get the whole hand up in there . and you know I use a secret ingredient in the stuff ... hanson pull out a box of " hamburger helpless " with a crippled white glove on the box . everyone moan . they appetite , ruin as hanson continue to tear up the turkey . hanson who 's first ? anyone like a wing ? dwight your , or the turkey ? hanson I suppose you would like a leg . how about two ? dwight that 's it . I be gonna put my food in you ass . I should warn you , I be a black belt in karate . dwight pull out a picture of himself in karate outfit lie on the floor with one leg up in a pose . hanson you do not scare I . I be a Golden glove champion . hanson pull out he own picture of himself , shirtless in a box pose with a regular glove and a miniature glove on he little hand . professor relax , dwight . ( then ) I get a idea . ( to hanson ) be there anything you do not make ? hanson well , the dessert . I order out . professor great . what do you say we just skip the heavy stuff and go straight to the dessert ? hanson well , I guess if that 's what you all wish . hanson go to retrieve the dessert . he return with a large cream pie . everyone smile . hanson cut a piece , slowly . everyone watch to see if he will put he hand in it . he do not . hanson place the pie on Cindy 's plate . Cindy smile . she 's about to take a bite when buddy stick he finger in the pie . buddy my germ ! he take the pie from Cindy , but before he can take a bite dwight stick he finger in the pie . dwight my germ ! ha , ha ! everyone laugh . the professor reach to cut himself a piece of pie when ... hanson shove he finger in the pie . hanson my germ ! ha , ha ! everyone toss down they napkin and get up from the table . hanson ( lick he finger ) funny , I always win that game . dissolve to : int . live room -- night everyone gather around the fireplace , enjoy after dinner beverage . Theo she stand behind the bar , mixing drink for the guy . Theo what can I get for you , boy ? shorty yo , I will take a " sex on the Beach . " Theo Professor ? professor make mine a " scream orgasm . " Theo Ray , what do you want ? ray ball on my Chin ... ( off they reaction ) what , you out of " bacardi ? " Fine , give I a " mud slide . " theo get behind the bar and begin to entertain everyone with a nice display of bottle toss . she be flipping bottle of alcohol behind she back , under she arm , between she leg . she then jump on top of the bar and lay on she back and start spin the bottle on she big tit ! cindy Professor , what 's the history of this house ? professor I be glad you ask . it actually make for a pretty good bedtime story . the Professor pick up a child 's book . " this Old haunted House . " he sit in front of the fireplace . professor Gather around . everyone gather around the fireplace . professor this house be build in 1898 by a man name Archibald keaton as a gift to he wife , cora . brenda yes , I feel they spirit . cora ... keaton ... I be here to communicate ... professor no , they sell the house in 1920 to a millionaire , uriah bloodworth . brenda yes , of course , uriah . I feel he evil presence . professor no , he lose the house after the stock market crash . brenda but he could still be haunt the house . he 's angry that he have to leave . professor he 's not dead , you idiot . he life in Florida . now , shut up and let I finish . Brenda , sheepishly , sit down . new angle : ghost's Pov of the group . it move slowly towards they . professor anyway , the last owner be a very rich man who build he empire off the blood and sweat of the people in this town . he live like a king until one day the servant of the house kill he . a log in the fireplace snap , startling everyone . brenda I think there 's more to the story . I can feel something evil in the house . it 's all around . in the wall , the floor , this piano ... she strum the wire key . one snap and smack she in the head . brenda ouch !! cindy Brenda , be you okay ? come sit . brenda no , you do not understand . it 's here in this statue ... she touch two statue , hold light . they smash she in the head . she stagger over to a cuckoo clock . brenda this clock ... the clock strike twelve . the bird shoot out and peck she in the face . she fall into a mirror . brenda this mirror ... her own reflection punch she in the face . Brenda sail against the wall . she see a collection of sword and knife display on the wall . brenda this ... the knife start to rumble . group no !!! brenda you be right . not in the knife . she turn to see on the adjacent wall , antique gun . brenda it 's in the gun . blam ! the gun fire . Brenda go down . dwight my God ! be she dead ? professor no , they be just powder burn , thank God . they be empty . get she upstairs . alex maybe this house be possess . professor no such thing . what you all witness be psychosomatic , purely self - induce reaction bring on by hysteria . now I want everyone to get some rest . we will start we testing in the morning . CUT to : ext . hell house -- night the wind howl . Doors and window rattle . a full moon shine overhead . CUT to : int . lab -- night the Professor speak into a tape recorder . professor the group respond beyond expectation . Cindy and Brenda seem most susceptible to the suggestion of horror . Brenda exhibit both delusion and hysteria . Group fear should manifest itself and intensify as the night progress . dwight be review the video tape from earlier . he notice a image on the tape . dwight Professor , I think you should see this . professor what be it ? some tit ? a beaver shot ? what ? dwight no , this be the tape from the live room . check this out . dwight rewind the tape . we see Brenda be attack . dwight the image there . professor be you sure it 's not the tape ? dwight I do not think so . it 's on all the camera , and check this out . the thermal reading inside the house drop ten degree when the image be record . professor congratulation , dwight , it 's begin . CUT to : int . live room -- later Cindy walk past a bird cage . she notice the little bird be dead . cindy oh no , little bird . Cindy gently remove the bird from he cage . CUT to : int . bathroom -- continuous Cindy enter , lift up the toilet seat , and be about to flush the little bird when Shorty walk in hold a cigar box . shorty oh , my bad . he notice the bird . shorty aww , the little bird die . cindy yeah , I do not know what else to do . shorty ( look at the cigar box ) hey , I get a idea . CUT to : int . kitchen -- moment later close on : open cigar box . we see little bone be toss into the box . pull back to reveal : Cindy and Shorty eat the fry bird . cindy that be a great idea , Shorty . shorty I tell you it would taste just like chicken . Cindy and Shorty finish eat , and toss the final bone in the box . Cindy close the box , she notice something strange in the kitchen . new angle : all the cabinet door be open and the chair be stack on the table . cindy ( to Shorty ) do you do that ? shorty uh , uh . cindy you better go get dwight and the Professor . Shorty exit . CUT to : int . kitchen -- moment later Shorty return with the Professor and dwight . Cindy finish draw something on the floor . professor alright , Cindy , what 's so important ? cindy Professor , you guy gotta see this . dwight , come here . Cindy grab dwight 's chair , place he in a circle on the floor . in front of the circle be arrow point to the wall . dwight what the hell be you do ? cindy just wait , you will see . a beat dwight 's chair move by itself , slamm dwight head first into the wall . cindy ( excited ) yippie ! be not that amazing ? professor it 's some kind of energy field . we better record this . cindy get my camera right here . Professor grab dwight 's chair . dwight be still daze as he be place back in the circle . again , he chair fly forward , slamm he into the wall . cindy I get it ! professor that 's fantastic . we first phenomenon . this be go to be a great weekend . you guy better get some sleep . dwight and I will take over from here . CUT to : int . dark hallway -- later ghost Pov : it move through the hallway to theo 's room . int . theo's bedroom -- continuous ghost cam find theo sit at the vanity table remove she makeup . theo sense something . she look around . Theo hello , hello ? she shrug and continue to remove she make -up . theo notice a pimple . Theo damn . splat !!! goo hit the mirror as she pop the pimple . ghost's reaction . theo reach for a brush . as she look down the mirror be tip - up by the ghost . she do not notice . theo look up and notice something else . there 's a booger in she nose . Theo oh , my . how long have that be there ? she pick she nose and flick the booger . the booger land on the ghost . we see it shaking wildly as the ghost try to get it off . theo lift she foot up and crack she toe . she examine she foot . Theo oh , I need a pedicure . she look on the table for something . Theo shit , forget my clipper . aw , fuck it . she raise she foot to she mouth and bite she toenail . ghost ( v.o. ) ugh . Theo huh ? who say that ? theo get up and lock she door . not know the ghost be behind she , she turn and face he . ghost Pov : theo unhook she bra . close on : the bra . as it hit the floor we see two false breast fall out . reveal : theo 's real breast be saggy . theo scratch she breast under , on top , and around the nipple until she 's satisfied . Theo ahhh , that 's better . she walk past the ghost still scratch , this time under she arm . Theo whew , not fresh be we ? by now , the ghost be ready to give up . from he Pov we see he do not follow theo . theo bend over to get something out of she bag . ghost Pov : theo 's perfect ass . he make he move . the ghost camera move in on theo 's ass . just as he 's about to attack , theo fart , loudly , release a translucent green gas that make the ghost sicken face visible for a instant . the ghost , wave in front of he nose . Theo whew . I be hold that one in all day . she stand and turn . we see she 's hold a box of tampon . that 's it . the ghost take off run , slamm the door behind he . CUT to : int . hallway -- night Cindy be walk to she bedroom . suddenly , she hear someone whisper she name . voice Cindy ... Cindy Cindy . she stop and listen . voice Cindy ... Cindy ... cindy who be it ? who be you ? voice help we Cindy . help we . cindy help you how ? voice check the music room . the voice disappear . cindy where be you ? new angle : buddy , walk down the hallway , toss a football in the air , see Cindy . buddy hey Cindy . she turn . buddy think fast . buddy fire the football . bonk !!! the ball bean Cindy right in the head . she go down . buddy approach . buddy dude , you suck . Cindy stagger to she foot . cindy you know , buddy , about this friendship thing ... buddy yeah , it 's great , be not it . I think it 's so cool ... have a girl as a friend . cindy that 's just it , buddy . I be a girl . you can not be so rough with I . buddy then what kinda stuff can we do ? cindy Gentle stuff like talk , share thought and idea , secret and past experience . stuff like that , you know . buddy it sound gay , but guess since you be a girl it 's okay , huh ? cindy yeah , it will be fine . I wanna check something out . will you come with I ? buddy ( sweetly ) sure . we can practice talk . cindy ( smile ) okay . int . music room -- short time later Cindy and buddy enter . buddy 's in the middle of a story . buddy so , this hot Spanish chick be lick my ball and I be fingerbanging she , right , just then ... Cindy , annoyed . cindy buddy ... buddy wait , I be just about to tell you the best part . Cindy notice something on the floor . cindy oh my god. look . bloodie footprint . buddy dude , somebody 's on the rag . cindy shhh ! buddy and Cindy follow the footstep . they lead to a secret passage . Cindy open it to reveal a secret room . CUT to : int . secret study -- continuous it 's a old , dark creepy study . shelves of dust cover with book , several painting on the wall , a old wooden desk . cindy it must be a private study , or something . Cindy find a old newspaper . headline : " servant kill Hugh kane . " there 's a picture of hugh kane and a article on the kill . cindy there 's more to the story of this house than the Professor tell we . it say here that Hugh kane have a wife who die mysteriously a week before the servant kill he . buddy look at the painting on the wall . he wipe away the dust expose the face . the painting be of a woman . it look like Cindy . she 's wear a pendant around she neck . buddy whoa , check this out . she look like you . cindy wow , she 's beautiful . you really think she look like I ? buddy her hair do not have as many split end at yours . her skin be not as oily as yours , either . also , sometimes you eye get kinda squinty and they look like you might have down 's syndrome or something . otherwise the resemblance be uncanny . Cindy be feel terrible about herself now . for a moment we think the criticism be do . buddy oh yeah ... another difference be she look more sophisticated and classy . more feminine . and she tit be perfect . not pointy and funny look , or space too far apart ... cindy ( annoyed ) alright ! Cindy find a small chest , ornately decorate . the name " carolyn " inscribe on it . cindy buddy , look at this . I think it belong to she . suddenly , a loud noise . Cindy and buddy nearly jump out of they skin . reveal : a black cat . buddy come on , let 's get out of here . this place be give I the creep . Cindy grab the chest and they exit . int . brenda's bedroom -- night the room be dark . the only light be the moonlight . Brenda stir in bed . Ray be next to she . ray shhh ... it 's okay . brenda Ray , have you be here all this time ? ray I just want to make sure you be okay . brenda I be fine . just a few bruise . ray so , I guess I can go now . brenda no , stay . ray you sure ? brenda yeah , I think I will feel better sleep in the arm of a strong man . ray yeah , I too . Brenda give a confuse look . brenda I be gonna take a shower . I will be right back . Brenda exit . Ray sit on the bed for a moment . he notice a clown doll sit in a rock chair across the room . the moonlight give the clown face a eerie glow . Ray take off he shirt and toss it at the clown , cover its face a cause the chair to rock . Ray get down and do a few push-up . close on : the door . a fog-like mist come into the room . Ray feel a chill and check the thermostat . ray damn , it 's cold . Ray go to retrieve he shirt . he notice the clown be go . Ray look around and do not see the clown doll anywhere . suddenly , a rustling noise come from under the bed . Ray 's breathe , quicken . he know where he must now look . Ray slowly lower himself head first to the floor of the bed , in preparation to look under it . he very , very carefully lift the dust ruffle and let the top of he head touch the rug . Ray be upside - down as he look into the darkness under he bed . under the bed . the clown be there , face to face with he , smile sardonically . in the split-second it take for a child to draw a breath and let it out through the vocal chord , the clown wrap its five foot extension arm around Ray 's neck , cut off half he air . wide angle high . struggle now for he life , Ray be drag helplessly under the bed and out of sight . under the bed we hear a struggle , follow by the evil laugh of the clown . clown doll ( v.o. ) hee ! hee ! hee ! hee ! ray ( v.o. ) oh , you want to play ! we hear more struggle . clown doll ( v.o. ) hey , stop that ? homey do not play that . the clown attempt to climb from under the bed , only to be drag back under by Ray . now we hear Ray laugh , maniacally . ray ( v.o. ) hee ! hee ! hee ! hee ! clown doll ( v.o. ) no! no! noooooo !!! int . brenda's bedroom -- moment later Brenda enter to find Ray out of breath , and buckle he pants . brenda be you okay ? I think I hear scream . ray oh , I be fine ... just clowning around . angle on : the clown doll . his pants be down by he ankle . his head turn to the camera . his smile be go , replace by a frown . a single tear be run down he face . int . alex' bedroom -- night the window blow open . curtain flutter in the wind . Alex sleep . her head back , she mouth open . she snore , lightly , unaware of the presence in the room . a breeze brushes past she cause she hair to move . Alex remain asleep . close on : alex the ghost pull up she t-shirt to reveal a pair of perfect breast . her breast get squeeze at the base , and bulge out like water balloon , but she still do not wake up . the ghost continue kissing she neck . Alex moan , still sleep . close on : alex' face her mouth open wider . we see a grow indentation in she cheek as if something be go in and out of she mouth . suddenly , Alex 's eye open . she sit up and try to speak . alex mmph ! mmph ! the back of she head stretch to the shape of a penis . Alex struggle with the force , finally break free . alex somebody help ! help ! the ghost pin she to the bed and attack she . throw she arm over she head , Alex scream . alex ( startle ) ah ! then throw she leg behind she head , she scream again . alex oh! okay . the ghost start fuck Alex . he 's very rough and dominate . alex ( intrigue ) oh , my God . yes ! yes ! the ghost drag she up the wall and over a portrait of a solemn look man . then Alex 's butt slide over he face and the man be now smile . the ghost drag she across the ceiling and crash she head into the light fixture . the sexual Olympic continue as she spider - walk down the wall and be drag across the floor , smoke come up from beneath she . alex oooh . oooh . rug burn . rug burn . the ghost get Alex back to the bed and flip she over to reveal tire skid mark down she back . still the sexcapade continue . CUT to : ext . house -- continuous the bedroom window be totally fogge over when Alex 's hand hit it and slide down the glass ala titanic . CUT to : int . alex' bedroom -- continuous suddenly , it stop as quickly as it begin . Alex lay dishevel on the bed . alex ( desperate ) call I . the door slam . Alex light a cigarette . int . cindy bedroom -- night Cindy , sit in bed , try to open the chest . she be startle by the sound of the door creak open . cindy ( nervous ) who 's there ? the black cat enter . Cindy give a sigh of relief . cindy hey , kitty , kitty . how you doin ' girl ? the cat pause and give she the finger by flick he claw out with the gesture . cindy huh ? suddenly , the cat attack grab and scratch she throat . Cindy toss the cat off and jump to she foot . the cat land and pounce right back . Cindy catch it and throw it down harder , send it crash into a table which smashes into piece . Cindy and the cat circle each other . the cat grab a bottle from the table , break it , hold the jag side out towards Cindy . the cat jump on Cindy , knock she to the floor , pin she down . the cat try to shove the break bottle into Cindy 's face . Cindy , desperately , hold back the cat 's paw . her tooth gritting with effort . Cindy slowly turn the bottle towards the cat , who now look worried . Cindy make she move , flipping the cat over . now , she 's on top push the bottle close to the cat 's throat . the cat give a huge effort and shove Cindy off of itself . Fighting dirty , the cat reach into its litter box and throw some of the sand in Cindy 's eye . the cat then pick up a chair and break it over Cindy 's head , then jump on she back and try to strangle she with piano wire . but Cindy manage to flip the cat forward over she shoulder . Cindy run into the bathroom and lock herself inside . CUT to : int . cindy bathroom -- continuous Kitty 's paw reach for she from beneath the door . reveal : his eye peek through the keyhole . suddenly , a ax chop through the door make a big enough hole for the kitty to reach in and turn the knob . cindy ( scream ) somebody help I ! Cindy be desperate . she look for anything that might save she . Cindy grab a ball of yarn . cindy here , kitty , kitty . look ... Cindy play with the yarn . the cat can not resist . he want the yarn . cindy go get it . Cindy toss the ball of yarn , it fly out the window . the cat leap after it , fall to its death . CUT to : int . cindy bedroom -- continuous Cindy stagger out of the bathroom , bloody clothes tear . theo rush to she . Theo be you okay ? cindy I think so . Theo come on . we better get you clean up . CUT to : int . kitchen -- night -- short time later theo tend to Cindy 's wound . the professor pour a cup of tea . cindy I be tell you , it be possess . professor theo , do you see the animal ? Theo no , I just hear the commotion , and when I get there I guess it be go . cindy what , you think I do this to myself ? professor no , I be just say cat be know to be very territorial animal , and it be likely it do attack , but it do not mean it be possess . maybe the two of you should sleep together . cindy what be you get at , Professor ? professor only that if this cat do attack , he 's less likely to come back if the two of you be , let 's say , together . come on , it 's college . time for you two to experiment . Theo Cindy , I do not think we be go to get any help here . professor actually , I would be more than willing to walk you through it . Theo come , cin , I will make sure you be tuck in . theo and Cindy rise to exit . professor good idea , and do not forget to give she a good - night kiss . cindy there 's something go on in this house . I be not crazy . CUT to : int . cindy bedroom -- moment later Cindy enter and say good - night to theo . Theo good-night , cin . I will be next door if you need I . cindy thanks , I will be fine . Cindy close the door and walk to she bed . she notice a picture have fall off the night stand . Cindy place it back on the nightstand . Cindy turn to climb into bed when she hear the picture fall again . this time the frame break , revealing a key hide in the frame . Cindy examine the key . she get a idea . Cindy retrieve the chest she find in the secret study form beneath she bed . she place the key in the hole and turn it . the chest open . Cindy find several item . picture of carolyn . a diary . a old fashioned dildo . the pendant wear by carolyn in the photo . Cindy walk to the mirror , slowly place the pendant around she neck . she look up into the mirror . her eye have a strange look . she slowly turn and look at the bedroom door . dissolve to : int . kitchen -- later that night the refrigerator door open . we see the Professor look for a snack . he grab a apple . reveal : Cindy wear a sexy red dress ala " Michelle pfeiffer . " cindy hello , Professor . he smile . professor hello , Cindy ... she shake she head . cindy forbidden fruit . she take the apple . cindy get a problem with that ? professor yeah , bitch , give I my apple . what 's get into you ? he snatch the apple back . Cindy walk over to a basket of fruit on the counter and pick up a banana . provocatively , she peel it and , look deep in he eye , she slip the banana into she mouth , slide it in and out simulate a blow job . suddenly , the banana break off in she throat and she start to choke on it . she turn red , gag and cough . cindy gock -- gock -- gock ... finally , realize that something be wrong , the Professor run over to she and do the heimlich on she . she finally spit up a big chunk of banana and it plop on the floor . recovering , she sit back down on the stair , continue she seduction . she pick up a whole pineapple and start lick it sexually and finally shove the whole thing in she mouth , again simulate a blow job . angle on : the professor he 's get back in the mood , get turn on again . professor ooo , yes . angle on : cindy she drop the pineapple and pick up a watermelon , shove that in she mouth -- stretch out she mouth and face , insanely . she slide it in and out of she mouth . angle on : the professor professor ohh ... mmm ... satisfied that the Professor be well turn on , Cindy drop the watermelon . she then grab a light candle and strut to the kitchen step where she sit and place the candle between she leg . the Professor watch , seductively . Cindy spread she leg , lift the front of she dress . a strong gust of air come from between she leg , blow out the candle . the wind be so strong , it begin to blow papers and the Professor back . cindy there . that 's better . Cindy get up and walk over to the Professor . only the desk stand between they . Cindy grab he by he tie , choke he as she pull he up onto the table . professor I take it you be not mad at I . cindy I would not go that far . she grab he belt and pull he into she , then hold the apple to he mouth . he take a bite and she mash it hard into he mouth , then pull it out along with he denture . he quickly pop they back into he mouth . Cindy rip open he shirt to reveal unusually large nipple for a man . then unbuckle he belt and pants to reveal a adult diaper underneath . she push he back onto the desk and straddle he . professor I do not like this , this ... cindy ( pin he down ) why do not you shut up , Professor ? just relax . Cindy reach she hand down the Professor 's pants . she feel something then stop and stare deeply into the Professor 's eye . cindy I think she 's start to suspect something ? professor ( confused ) who ? suddenly , Cindy 's face turn into ray' face . ray you wife ! the Professor scream , then push ray off he . he get up from the desk and start fix he pants and run out of the room . angle on : Cindy 's face as it morph back . cindy oh , my God . it happen right here . she come home . she see they . professor saw who ?! cindy do not touch I !! Cindy pass out . dwight rush in , see the Professor , he pants by he ankle , and Cindy unconscious on the floor . dwight what the hell ?! professor it 's not what be look like . she 's have a breakdown . help I get she to she room . dissolve to : ext . hell house -- the next day Cloud and a overcast sky set a dark mood over Hell House . the grey sky tell we a storm be brewing . CUT to : int . foyer -- continuous buddy , come down the main stair notice the Professor duck behind a door . buddy investigate , follow the Professor . CUT to : int . basement -- continuous buddy slowly creep down the step . he peek around the corner , keep the Professor in sight . buddy see the Professor enter the lab . CUT to : int . lab -- continuous dwight Professor , we need to talk . professor what be it , dwight ? dwight I think we should consider cut the experiment short . professor what ? dwight the force in this house be far great than I anticipate . in one night I record cold spot , shifting magnetic field , the e.u.p. be pick up white sound everywhere . professor that 's why we come here , remember ? dwight yes , but I have see the tape . this poltergeist be become increasingly more violent . we all could be in danger . I say we pull the plug . professor whoa , dwight , I say when we pull the plug . get a hold of yourself . dwight , we be on the verge of greatness and I be about this close to get laid . now , the bus will be here on Monday . until then no one leave . close on : buddy he 's be listen to everything . professor now , here be the key to the gate and the cell phone . no one get access to either , understand ? dwight nod yes . CUT to : int . shorty' bedroom -- moment later Shorty be water the seed plant . it be a tremendous size . it 's as tall as a tree . Shorty close a window , and climb into bed . he reach over and set he digital alarm clock to wake he at " c.p. time . " next , he pull back the cover on he bed and pop a gold tooth out of he mouth . he then place it in a little drawstring bag mark " tooth Fairy " and put it under he pillow . finally , he close he eye . suddenly , he 's awaken by the sound of rattling chain and creak floor . shorty I can not sleep like this . he pop a tape mark " ghetto lullaby " into he radio and push the play button . the sound of gun fire , police siren , and a woman scream be hear . woman ( v.o. ) they do kill my baby ! why Lord ?! why ? shorty ah , that 's better . Shorty try to sleep , but just toss and turn . shorty I know what I need . Shorty find a joint and light up . CUT to : int . alex' bedroom -- continuous Alex be now pace the floor , smoking a cigarette , piss off . she go over to she " ouija board " and begin to try summoning the ghost . alex ( move the arrow along the board ) hello ?... ghost ?... baby , be you there ?... I have be wait on you for almost ten minute now ! where be you ? CUT to : int . shorty' bedroom -- moment later Shorty , sit up , totally stone , talk to a " Wilson " volleyball . the rest of this scene to come . CUT to : int . alex' bedroom -- moment later Alex be now sit on she knee in the middle of a circle of candle . she 's chant as she rock back and forth . alex oh , ghost of the night , I beseech thee . oh fickle fleeting ghost of the night , I beseech thee . still no response . alex ( piss ) fuck you ! fuck you ! fuck you ! she begin to tear up the room . smash lamp and vase against the wall . ripping he portrait down and kick it with she foot . tearing the feather out of she pillow with she bare hand . CUT to : int . shorty' bedroom -- moment later Shorty lie in he bed , totally paranoid . his eye wide with fear . every sound make he jump . suddenly , there 's a bolt of lightning , and it begin to rain . shorty ahhh !!!!!! Shorty jump out of bed and run around the room look for the volleyball . shorty Wilson ! Wilson ! Wilson ! CUT to : int . alex' bedroom -- moment later Alex be sit in a corner , she hair a mess , she make - up run . a empty wine bottle and glass , along with a ashtray fill with half - smoke cigarettes be at she foot . music cue : the soundtrack from " madame butterfly " plays . Alex , stare straight ahead , flick the light on and off . she be Glenn Close in " fatal attraction . " CUT to : int . shorty' bedroom -- moment later Shorty , still count , be interrupt by another flash of lightning , and rumbling of thunder . the lightning illuminate the weed plant , give it a ominous shape . Shorty , terrify , clutches the volleyball . shorty one one thousand . two one thousand . Three one thousand . suddenly , the weed plant come to life . its limb smash the window as it reach in and grab Shorty . Shorty scream . Ray , buddy , and Brenda enter . they see the plant use the sheet like roll papers roll Shorty into a human joint . they all rush to help he . CUT to : int . cindy bedroom -- moment later Cindy be read carolyn 's journal . carolyn ( v.o. ) tonight , Hugh and I make love for the first time . ha , ha , ha , talk about little . I can not take live with he any longer . he 's become a monster . darkness be all around we . poor hanson die today ; burn alive in the furnace . they say it be a accident , but ... Cindy close the journal . cindy oh , my God ! suddenly , she door slam . close on : Cindy 's closet . a bright light begin to glow inside . Cindy see the light . she sit up . suddenly , she bedroom door slam shut . a huge wind start to suck the item in the room into the closet . Cindy grab the headboard at the bed and start to yell for help . cindy help ! somebody help ! CUT to : int . shorty' bedroom -- moment later a bolt of lightning strike the tip of the human joint , lightning the tip on fire . shorty help ! help ! he 's try to smoke I , son ! Ray and buddy grab Shorty and pull he to safety , just as the plant be suck out of the window , into the night . just when they think it 's over , they hear the sound of Cindy scream . brenda oh my God , Cindy ! CUT to : int . cindy bedroom -- continuous Cindy cling for dear life to the bed as bam ! Alex kick in the door just as Cindy 's panty slide down to she ankle . alex you cheating son of a bitch ! touch she and I will make sure that 's the last piece of possession you have . ( alternate ) you son of a bitch ! oh , what you gonna play like this ? I know you do not do that ! the wind stop , drop a unconscious Cindy to the bed . alex what , one woman be not enough for you ? must you channel every girl in this house ? how would you like it if I fuck another ghost , huh ? heavy invisible footstep make they way to the door . alex where do you think you be go ? this be not finish . that 's just like you , every time thing get serious you disappear . the door open and slam shut as Alex continue to scream after he . alex do not forget ! I know where you rot ! ( then to herself ) selfish bastard . all you entity be the same . enter buddy and dwight . buddy what happen here ? alex ask you poltergeist steal whore ! Alex storm out . dwight she 's in shock . we have to get she in a tub of water . CUT to : int . bathroom -- continuous buddy place Cindy in the tub , turn on the water , and splashes some in she face . dwight check she pulse . dwight she 's okay . she will not be able to move for awhile . her body have to recover from the trauma . just leave she here . buddy and dwight exit . close on : the tub faucet still run . close on : the drain plug . it close shut . the tub start to fill with water . CUT to : int . bathroom -- continuous Cindy be still in the tub . as she eye open . terror cross she face . the bath water be rise above she chest . close on : Cindy 's hand . she can barely move a finger . close on : Cindy 's foot . she wiggle it over to the chain hold the plug . the bath water be now at Cindy 's mouth . Cindy lift the chain with she foot , then slam down she heel up - end the drain plug . relief ... until she realize the water be still rise . her foot dig down the drain and pull out a clump of hair . Water at she eye and still rise . her foot hop out of the tub and grab a plunger . the foot plunge the drain . still nothing . Water rise . Cindy , head tip back . all we see be nostril . Water spill out of the tub and onto the floor . Cindy 's foot grab a pen and paper , write a note , stuff it in a bottle , and then toss the bottle into the spill water . the bottle float away . CUT to : int . foyer -- ( or whatever room easiest to do this gag ) -- Water pour in the room around the group 's foot . ray I say we leave now . everyone agree . brenda wait . I be sense someone else in danger . crash !!! a bottle smashes across Brenda 's head . shorty ( hold a break bottle ) do not start that shit again ! the note fall out of the bottle . alex look , a note . buddy ( read note ) " help , I be drown -- Cindy . " group Cindy !!! they all rush to the bathroom . int . bathroom -- continuous Cindy , totally submerge , stare fare to face with a whale . suddenly , she be lift out of the tub . buddy you okay ? Cindy nod " yes . " buddy now we get everybody . let 's get out of here . CUT to : int . kitchen -- a short time later alex she sing a happy tune as she cook breakfast . Cindy , Ray , theo , and Brenda gather around the island . Shorty enter . shorty damn , it smell good . he reach for a piece of bacon . Alex slap he hand . alex that 's for someone special . shorty I be glad somebody get laid . Alex smile . alex I never kiss and tell . angle on : the island Shorty join the group . ( note : during this scene , no one be pay attention to Alex ) shorty yo , there 's some freaky shit in this house . y'all hear that loud bang and scream ? alex ( giggle ) sorry about that . cindy Brenda be right . there 's more to the story than the Professor tell we . I find a secret room . it have all this news clipping about Hugh kane . he be a very evil man . alex ( talk to the sky ) ah , they just do not know you the way I do . cindy I find a picture of he wife . alex wife ?! Alex grab the plate of food and throw they in the trash . alex let that bitch make you breakfast . Cindy pass the picture to theo . Theo wow ! she look just like you ... except she do not have as many split end as you and she skin be not as oily . theo pass the picture to Ray . ray yeah , and sometimes you eye get all squinty and it look like you get down 's syndrome . Brenda take the picture from Ray . brenda yeah , girl , damn near twin ... except she 's more sophisticated and classy . you get that cute , trailer park look . Brenda show the picture to Shorty . shorty no doubt ... and she tit be perfect , not at all pointy or funny look . you get they National geographic orangutan titty . Cindy snatch the picture back . cindy okay , I get the point . Theo so , whatever happen to she ? cindy she kill herself a week before he die . alex oh , he be a widower . why do not you say that ?... ( address the sky ) do not worry , sweetie , I can whip up a new batch in a flash . cindy I think he want I . alex ha ! right bitch ! everyone look at Alex . Theo Cindy , that do sound a little crazy . buddy enter . buddy she 's not crazy . I see the picture , and I will tell you guy something else , the Professor be up to something . him and dwight get a whole lab set up in the basement . we be here for a experiment , alright , but it be not insomnia . I hear dwight tell the Professor there 's a poltergeist in this house and we could be in danger . Theo what ? I be get outta here . buddy we can not leave . the gate be lock and dwight be the only one with the key . Theo do not worry . give I five minute alone with dwight . I will get the key . CUT to : int . basement -- later dwight , work on equipment , be distract . theo , stand in the doorway , dress very sexy . Theo hello dwight . dwight hi. theo swagger over to dwight . Theo what be you work on ? dwight just a little experiment . theo rub he shoulder . Theo work , work , work . be that all that you do ? dwight well , there 's a lot riding on this project . theo straddle dwight . Theo the Professor might have everyone else fool , but I know who the real brain of the operation be . dwight you do . Theo that 's what turn I on about you , dwight . you be so smart . dwight and sexy . Theo of course . so sexy . she run she finger through he hair . Theo ooh , you hair be so soft and silky . what do you use on it ? dwight just a little rogaine . theo notice clump of dwight 's hair have fall out into she hand . she wipe it on he shirt . Theo and that sexy eye . she remove dwight 's glass . close on : dwight 's eye , both look in different direction . he have no muscle control . theo quickly put on he glass . Theo what do you say we put on some music ? theo turn on the radio . she turn to a station . song one " walk on by ... " she quickly change the station . song two " walk this waaay !... " again , she change the station . song three " these boot be made for walking ... " theo turn off the radio . Theo what do you say we make we own music ? she kneel in front of dwight stroking he thigh . Theo you know , dwight , I hear you be the only one who have the key to the gate . dwight that 's right . Theo what if I want to borrow that key ? dwight oh , I could not do that . theo unbutton dwight 's pants . Theo sure you can , baby . look , you help by give I the key , and I will help by give you ... she pull he dick out and be about to give he a blow job . dwight I do not need you help . I can do it myself . dwight start suck he own dick . theo look on in shock . dwight be go to town on himself . theo grab a object and smashes dwight in the head , knock he out cold . she rifle through he pocket and take the key . she exit . CUT to : int . live room -- moment later the group be gather in the live room . Shorty watch tv . theo rush back to the group . Theo ( dangle key ) I get them . buddy great ! we should leave before it start to rain . suddenly , lightning and thunder . rain pour against the window . Theo I say we wait till the rain let up , then we make a break for it . angle on : newscaster on tv . newscaster this just in ... heavy rain will continue to plague the region for the next two day . brenda we will just call a taxi . newscaster now , a update on the recent taxi strike . no progress in sight . cindy hey , we can take my car . newscaster there 's be a major recall on all japanese make car . Auto maker warn when expose to rain the car explode . loud boom and fireball out window . ray fuck it . we will hike if we have to . newscaster the body of six hiker be find today tear to shred by wild animal . shorty I know , we can build a plane and fly outta here . newscaster now , that 's just fuck stupid . buddy shut off the tv . buddy alright then , we will just hunker down for tonight . maybe we will get a break by morning . CUT to : int . lab -- continuous the Professor enter and find dwight with he head in he lap . professor dwight , what the hell be you do ? dwight ? no answer . the professor lift dwight 's head and see what he be do . professor now that 's a talent . dwight , wake up . dwight slowly come to . dwight ( groggy ) I can do it myself . professor yeah , I can see that . later I want you to teach I that trick , but right now we have a job to do . dwight the key . she take the key . the Professor notice buddy on the monitor , unplugge the camera . professor shit . they be onto we . keep a eye on they . I will take care of this little shit . the Professor exit . CUT to : int . dine room -- moment later buddy climb down off a chair and join Ray . buddy I think we get the one 's up here . ray I think it 's time we have a little talk with the Professor . CUT to : int . basement -- moment later the Professor exit the lab and head for the stair . out of the corner of he eye , he catch sight of a beautiful female ghost in flow white robe . she illuminate a brilliant white light . professor hello ?... have we meet ?... hi ... the ghost lure the Professor down the corridor . new angle : we be in a different section of the hallway . the Professor continue to follow the ghost . he have a bit of trouble keep up . professor ( call after ) ummmm ... hello ?... umm ... the Professor follow into yet another area of hallway . new angle : the ghost tempt the Professor into a pitch black corridor . professor ummm ... be you Mrs. hanson ? ( alternate ) ummm ... who be you , you gorgeous creature ? the Professor disappear into the darkness . he take out a lighter to illuminate he way . professor hello ?... hello ? be you hide ? ( alternate ) where be you , sexy pants ? a horrific look cross the Professor 's face . the beautiful spirit morph into Hugh kane 's ghost . the Professor take a beat . professor ( resign ) what the hell ? I have do worse . the Professor walk into the darkness . ( rest of scene to come ) CUT to : int . alex' bedroom -- night Alex sit in front of she vanity mirror , wear a sexy robe and nightgown . she brushes she hair , hum to herself happily , full of anticipation . she take she perfume -- " obsession " -- and dab some on she neck , behind she ear , inside she thigh . then she put the bottle to she mouth and -- glug , glug , glug -- drink the whole thing down like gatorade . Alex apply hot wax to a waxing strip then to she leg , tear it off . satisfied she leg be smooth , she do she underarm . she then apply a wax - soak strip between she leg then tear it off . alex ouch ! she check the strip to reveal she pussy lip stick to the strip . alex oops . she put they back between she leg . she rise and walk over to the old 19th century - style portrait of the suppose ghost , which once hang prominently downstairs . it now sit propped up in a corner of she room with a shrine set up all around it consist of candle , little " I love you " heart , and she vibrator . Alex walk over to the portrait , regards it lovingly for a moment , and then kiss the figure sweetly on the lip . then she work she way down the portrait -- hungrily kissing , nibble , and lick . when she pull back , seductively , the cobweb , dust and spider that be cling to the portrait be now all over she face . she do not care , she simply brushes they aside -- she 's in love . close on : radio d.j. ( o.s. ) this one go out to that someone special from Alex over at the Hell House . she say that even though you two have only know each other for a short time now , she feel a certain connection to you that she 's never feel with any man alive . and even if it do not work out between you two , she want you to know that there will always be a special place for you in the heart . so , poltergeist , this one 's for you . Alex climb into bed and spread rise petal all around . everything 's ready . she sit back and wait . while she wait , she put the time to good use by do some sexual calisthenics . she lie flat on she back , stick she leg in the air , and stretch they wide apart a few time . one-two -three - , one -two -three . then she get on all four and do a few stick - your-ass - high - in- the-air stretch . one-two -three . then she do the simulate oral sex gesture , first with the right hand , then with the leave , make sure she forearm be nice and loose . one-two - three , one -two -three . a few facial and mouth exercise and she 's do . alex well , I be go to sleep now . so , if there 's some ghostly man out there who want to take advantage of I , there 's probably nothing that I will be able to do about it because I be really a heavy sleeper ! okay , here I go . Alex get under the cover and pretend to fall asleep . a beat and Alex open she eye and look around . alex I be asleep now . I really be . she close she eye . a count of ten and she sit up . CUT to : int . downstair foyer -- moment later just as the gang be about to leave the house , a loud rumble , along with a violent wind , all the door and window lock . everyone desperately try to open a door or break a window . cindy he will not let we go . he 's go to kill we . dwight Quick , everyone to the lab . CUT to : int . basement stair -- moment later dwight lead everyone to the basement door . he open it . a long flight of concrete step . dwight that step look kind of hard . I be gonna need some help . by now , the group be so use to dwight go down step , they simply give he a push . dwight go tumble down the hard step . the gang run behind he . dwight land hard at the bottom of the step . the group trample he as they rush by . dwight ( heroic ) do not mind I . save yourselves . CUT to : int . lab -- continuous everyone assemble inside . dwight finally catch up , he wheel slightly bent and he glass , a mangle mess . dwight Quick . lock the door . buddy and shorty lock the door . cindy what be we gonna do ? dwight we have to destroy he . ray how we gonna destroy what we can not see ? shorty I get it ! we shave off we pubic hair and use the shampoo for ten day . what ? ya will never have crab ? dwight roll over to a complex machine with a circle mark on the floor in front of it . dwight ghost be just energy field . we can capture that energy . we can dissipate it ! but in order to do that , we have get to get he in here . on that spot . buddy that 's great Einstein . how be we gonna do that ? there 's a powerful force out there ready to render we helpless , tear on we flesh , and penetrate we body . ray he 's right . I should go first . brenda he 's so brave . dwight roll over to a supply cabinet , open it and start to hand out equipment . dwight be arming the teenager , give they each a strange look gun . dwight this be highly experimental gun that emit a bolt of concentrate energy able to damage ectoplasmic cell , give it the ability to injure or even destroy a ghost . there be no ammunition . you only get three shot a piece , so use it very wisely . goofing with he gun , shorty fire it at Brenda 's butt , burn it . brenda hey ! Shorty laugh . dwight conserve you ammunition ! shorty sorry ... right , right ... Shorty be startle by a cockroach and shoot it . dwight the only way we be go to track down this ghost be if we be all wear one of this ... dwight pull out a dick pump ! they all look at he cross . dwight realize what he 's hold in he hand . buddy a dick pump ? dwight I mean this ! dwight hold up a pair of goggle . dwight this be thermo-goggle . the kid be put on they goggle , try they out . dwight this can be use to track the ghost . this goggle work on the principle of body heat . they be so powerful , they will even show where body fluid of any kind have be recently , even if it be wipe clean . the kid look at each other and notice dwight have goo in he face . dwight he may be invisible , but we have the advantage of be armed with the most innovative and complex high - tech equipment know to man . brenda how be we gonna stay in touch with one another ? do we have walkie-talky or something ? dwight no , we have this . dwight bring out several set of two paper- cup with a string attach the two . the string be only about 10 - 15 foot long . dwight all the money be spend on the gun and the goggle . he hand they out . dwight let 's get that bastard ! Alex point she gun at the group . alex no , I will not let you do it . cindy Alex , what be you do ? alex shut up , you slut . you think you can take he from I ? well , over my dead body . Alex run out of the lab . Cindy try to stop she . theo step in the way . Theo let she go , cin . cindy but he will kill she ! Theo that mean more screen time for we . dwight alright , let 's split up . brenda every time some scary shit go down and we need to stick together , you white folk always say " let 's split up . " Theo she 's right . we should stick together . dwight alright . come on , you guy . all four of the white people take off , leave Ray , Shorty and Brenda behind . shorty ai not that some shit ? Ray , Shorty , and Brenda head off in the other direction . CUT to : int . secret study / foyer / live room / dine room -- continuous Alex exit the basement , frantically search for the ghost . she run into the secret study . alex huey , where be you ? ghost Pov : the ghost , in the foyer , catch sight of Alex and try to hide . Alex see he and start for the foyer . alex huey , huey , baby , we have to talk ! to protect himself and do harm to she , the ghost hurl a chair at Alex in the foyer . alex baby ? he hurl a statue at she . massive boulder come tumble down the step in hope of crush she . Alex run into the music room , smash through a television . alex come on , baby , we can work this out . she take a few step and trip over the carpet . alex if we just stick together no one can hurt we , love ! the piano fly up , landing on Alex . alex ( in pain ) I think we have to get a little therapy , hun . she crawl from under the piano . as Alex head for the dining room , the door slam shut . immediately , several knife come fly at she . the knife form Alex 's outline in the door . Alex swing the door open and enter the dining room . almost immediately , she 's pull ( by the ghost ) across the dining room table , eventually landing full force to the floor . as she lie there , the chandelier drop from the ceiling , pin she down . Alex be die . theo enter . Theo oh my god ! Alex ! theo cradle Alex 's head . alex I think I be die , theo ... I just want you to know , you be the best friend I have ever have ... ( she cough , pain ) do you remember that time we meet ? theo nod , sadly . alex and remember the time in the sixth grade , at the dance ? we wear the same dress , but that do not stop we from have the best time ever . theo look confuse . Theo um ... we -- Alex cough some more . alex and remember that trip we take to Africa ? that safari be so wonderful . I , you ... best of friend ... forever . Theo uh , Alex , we have only know each other one day . alex oh ... I guess I will die now . Theo okay ... maybe that would be best . Alex close she eye , seemingly die . theo start to get up . suddenly , Alex open she eye ... alex oh , remember that time I get my training bra and you -- Theo never happen ! theo look at she watch , impatiently . alex right ... well , bye . Alex lay she head down and seemingly die again . theo start to leave . Alex sit up again . alex my favorite memory be when we -- Theo would you die already ?! theo look around and grab a pillow , finally smother Alex to death . theo slowly get up , surveying the scene . as she exit , we CUT to : int . downstair foyer -- later Theo and dwight dwight you check down here , I will check upstairs . theo look confuse as dwight crawl upstairs , drag he wheelchair . CUT to : int . basement area -- moment later Shorty , astray from the rest of the group , try to find Ray and Brenda . shorty ( loud whisper ) Ray ! Brenda ! Shorty take a breather . he take a seat and enjoy a blunt . shorty ah ! that 's what I be talkin ' about . fuck this ghost hunt shit . I do not know where to look for no ghost . Shorty exhales the smoke , reveal the ghost sit next to he . ghost ( menace ) boo ! Shorty scream and jump to he foot . shorty yo , son , why I ? what you want with I ? Shorty blow out more smoke in a effort to reveal the ghost as he buck away . it work . another puff and the ghost 's face appear again . ghost boo ! shorty leave I alone . stay away from I . Shorty continue the process of toke the blunt and blow the smoke . finally , Shorty take a huge pull , blow the smoke out , and the menace ghost face appear . Shorty curl in fear . the ghost approach Shorty . it 's apparent that Shorty be a dead man . the ghost bring he face very close to Shorty 's . ghost ( playfully ) boo. the ghost laugh , hysterically , obviously high . CUT to : int . basement area -- continuous Ray and Brenda . brenda you hear that ? she notice Shorty be go . brenda where 's Shorty ? ray I do not know . he be right behind we . wait here . I will be right back . int . basement area -- continuous Shorty and the ghost be joke it up . shorty ( sing ) there's something strange in you hood ... ghost who you gonna call ? shorty / ghost ghostbuster !! shorty hey , shotgun . Shorty blow smoke in the ghost 's face . they inhale . it appear that Shorty have inhale the ghost . a count of two . Shorty exhales , blow the ghost out . ghost that be awesome . the ghost run straight at the wall , and go through it . he peek he head through . ghost you try . Shorty take a hit off the blunt then charge at the wall . slam !!! Shorty knock himself unconscious . CUT to : int . basement furnace room -- moment later Cindy and buddy enter the furnace room . buddy where the hell be we ? cindy it look like the furnace . buddy let 's get outta here . cindy wait , I want to check something . give I a hand . buddy help Cindy open the large furnace door . close on : the inside of the furnace . Black ash be all that can be see . Cindy pick up a iron poker and poke around the ash . buddy what be you do ? Cindy see something . she stop . cindy I find Hugh kane 's wife 's diary . it say hanson the caretaker die in the furnace . Cindy clear away the ash to reveal a human skeleton . buddy well , if that 's hanson , then who 's the guy with the hand ? cindy Hugh kane . suddenly , the skeleton come to life . it rise from the ash . buddy and Cindy run . the skeleton follow . cindy let 's split up and meet at the other end . CUT to : int . basement area -- continuous close on : Brenda . she hear someone yell . Brenda peek around the corner . she see Cindy run towards she . Cindy be scream for help . Brenda duck behind the wall . cindy help ! brenda now , why that bitch gotta bring that shit this way ? I hope she do not see I . Brenda peek around the corner . Cindy trip and fall . the skeleton get closer . brenda good ! I hope that shit kill she and just leave . God be look out for I . Cindy be back to she foot and haul ass . Brenda duck back behind the wall . she be now nervous and shaking . the scream get closer . Brenda begin to pray . brenda Lord , if I die , I be go to fuck this bitch up for get I involved . Cindy round the corner to discover the dead end . cindy oh my God ! we be dead ! brenda it would have just be you , if you would have keep you mouth shut . they hear the footstep get close . cindy it 's come ! brenda what ?! what be it , a monster ?! the skeleton turn the corner . Cindy see he first . cindy aahhh ! there it be !!! Brenda turn and see the skeleton . her fear subside . brenda aw , shit girl . this what you be run from ? he be not nothing but a skeleton . his skinny little ass can not hurt anybody . Brenda just stand she ground . this skeleton run up and grab Brenda by the arm . Brenda make a face as if she 's not very impressed . brenda what ?... this be not shit . with the skeleton still grip she arm , Brenda raise she arm , effortlessly lift the skeleton off the ground . it hang there , look worried and look down at it 's foot dangle . brenda ( to Cindy ) it 's just a bunch of old bone . no muscle , no strength . he hardly even weigh anything . she flick the skeleton off she arm . it hit the ground . daze , it get back on it 's foot . Brenda stomp she foot and move like she 's go to jump at it . the skeleton cower , throw up its arm and look scared . brenda what you gonna do ? as the skeleton try to run , Brenda pluck off its head . Cindy smile , realize the skeleton pose no threat . skeleton head hey , give it back . Brenda and Cindy play keep - away with the skull . the skeleton 's headless body run back and forth between they , arm flail , try desperately to get its head back . finally , Cindy catch the skull , move aside and stick she leg out , trip the body . it tumble to the wall and lie there . Brenda reach down and grab the bottom section of the skeleton 's spine , destabilize the body . like a house of card , all of the bone crash down into a heap . Brenda hold a bone to she head . brenda hey , look , I be wilma flintstone . cindy hey , I have a idea ... CUT to : int . basement area -- few moment later the skeleton be put back together , but completely mess up . it 's hopping on one hand , it 's head stick on its tail bone , one leg stick balanced on top of the rib cage , etc . brenda go on , get out of here . the skeleton go hopping along the hallway , humiliate . CUT to : int . basement hallway -- later buddy join Cindy and Brenda . buddy you guy okay ? brenda yeah , it take more than a bag of bone to scare I . suddenly , buddy be lift off he foot , he arm and leg swinging wildly . cindy oh my God , the ghost have buddy ! Brenda do something ! brenda okay . Brenda take off run . Cindy watch , confuse . buddy help ! Cindy fire at the pipe , one burst . the steam reveal the ghost . Cindy have a clean shot . she take it . the ghost be hit . he drop buddy and flee . buddy fall , bang he head . cindy ( rush to buddy ) be you okay ? buddy check he head . buddy yeah , I think I be bleed . cindy come on . there 's a first aid kit in the lab . Cindy help buddy to he foot . they head to the lab . CUT to : int . secret study -- later the following scene be shot entirely from the ghost's Pov : the ghost enter to see that the room be no longer a mess , but have be clean with a woman 's touch . first , he spot a teddy bear sit in he chair . he see flower place around he portrait . a vase of rose on he desk . there be a pair of woman 's panty on the desk lamp . he pick they up to inspect they . disgust , he throw the panty on the floor . the ghost then catch sight of a three - layer wedding cake set on a table . finally , he see that Alex have paste a photo of she face , over the face of he beloved carolyn in she portrait . this send he into a tirade . he smashes the vase of flower to the floor , before do the same to the wedding cake . the ghost smashes the mirror . finally , he tear Alex 's photo from the painting . as he back away , we : CUT to : int . lab -- a few moment later Cindy be tend to buddy . buddy Cindy , I have be think about this whole friend thing . I never have a friend that care for I the way you do ... I mean , there 's Ray , but he care for I in a different way . you know , bring I flower . running my bath water . and then there 's night I wake up scream and I look over and Ray 's in my bed . holding I . and see that tonight might be we last night together , I be think ... cindy that we should take we friendship a little further ? buddy yes ... cindy oh , buddy , I be think the same thing . it might be we last night in this house . and I think we should take full advantage of it . buddy ( excited ) I be think the same thing . he pop a mint in he mouth and unbuckle he pants . cindy ( lose in think ) we should act out we inner most fantasy . buddy great !!! cindy like , I have always want to walk on the moon . buddy huh ? Cindy turn around and do a slow motion imitation of a astronaut . cindy what about you , buddy ? buddy well , I be hope to get my ball lick . they hear a noise . cindy he 's here . buddy shit ! Cindy get a idea . she run in the freezer , and grab several bag of blood . suddenly , she hear a noise . Cindy stop and look around . she see nothing . Cindy begin to open bag of blood and pour they on the floor . she empty out all of the blood . suddenly the phone ring . she answer . cindy hello ? int . hospital room -- same time . a doctor be on the phone talk with Cindy . a dying little boy lay in the hospital bed with he parent stand over he , cry . doctor yes , this be Doctor Peterson . I be call for dwight hartman . he be store some blood over there for I . it 's for a little boy who 's in desperate need of a blood transfusion . CUT back to : int . lab -- continuous Cindy , on phone look down at all the blood spill out on the floor , shocked . cindy ( mexican accent ) dwight hartman , no live here . Cindy slam down the phone . she watch the blood carefully , look for footprint . she see nothing . behind she , she hear a noise . she turn and be slap hard in the face by the ghost . she raise she gun , but the ghost be too quick . he smack it from she hand . new angle : the ghost smack Cindy , send she fly into the freezer . Cindy fall hard , hit she head , and dazing she for a brief moment . buddy attack the ghost . the ghost be strong and easily punch buddy around . buddy be throw into the freezer . he 's hurt . Cindy get up and rush to help buddy . int . freezer -- continuous suddenly , the door lock and be bolt shut . close on : the temperature gauge be break . the temperature begin to drop . Cindy rush to the door . through the window , she see the ghost leave . buddy we gotta call for help . Cindy hold up she cup and talk into it . cindy hello ? do you read I ? come in ... it 's useless . they do not work in here ... must be the wall or something . CUT to : int . upstair hallway -- night dwight be look for the ghost . dwight see the ghost through he goggle . the ghost be play hide - and -seek with dwight . dwight ( angry ) come on you coward ! show yourself ! fight I like a man . suddenly , dwight 's wheelchair be ram by another wheelchair drive by the ghost . dwight take off . the ghost follow . dwight and the ghost zigzag down the hallway bump and cut each other off . slow -motion shot : the wheel of the two chair lock together send they into a 360 degree spin . dwight , he hair be flow . match shot of the ghost . the chair crash into the banister . it break the back of dwight 's charm which dangerously hang over the edge . dwight gain control . as the ghost chair approach , dwight speed towards the ghost . just before the chair pass each other , dwight leap out and hang on the side , fire he gun at the ghost . the ghost duck and the shot miss he . dwight be drag painfully through the hallway smash into open door , statue , cupboard . finally , dwight leap back into the chair . not a moment to soon . the ghost chair whip in front of dwight . dwight think fast . he use a break table as a ramp . he catch some good air . dwight land , slam on the brake , send he chair tipping forward . dwight show he skill by spin he chair as it balance on the front wheel . dwight and the ghost chair now be at opposite end of the hall . the scene play very dramatic and in slow-motion . dwight in he wheelchair at one end of the hall and the ghost in he wheelchair at the other end . white dove begin to flutter through the hallway ala a " JOHN woo " movie . one of the dove fly by in slow motion . it plop right on he face . the tire of dwight 's wheelchair begin spin and squealing , burn rubber and cause smoke to come from the tire . the ghost 's wheelchair tire burn rubber and start barrel toward dwight at full ( wheelchair ) speed . dwight start roll with all he might toward the ghost in he wheelchair . come towards each other like the motorcycle scene in " MI : 2 " . angle on : the ghost's wheelchair it speed towards dwight . angle on : dwight in he wheelchair he speed toward the ghost in he chair . dwight be go so fast that he hair be blow back and bug start splattering up against he face and sunglass . like two speed train , dwight and the ghost be head right towards one another . angle on : dwight' wheelchair one of he tire blow out . we see that it read " firestone . " dwight still race towards the ghost . right when they be about to collide head on , dwight leap up out of he wheelchair and the ghost leap out of he wheelchair . the two wheelchair impact and explode !!! dwight go to grab the ghost , but he go right through it and go crash out of the window at the end of the hallway . dwight noooo !!!!! ext . hell house -- night dwight , dangle from a statue on the house exterior . he 's slip , lose he grip . suddenly , in the window above , appear hanson . he extend he little arm out to dwight . hanson here . take my hand . close on : hanson 's nubby little hand . hanson come on . take it . dwight can not bring himself to touch the little hand . he look at the ground below . it 's sure death if he fall . hanson reach further . we see he finger as they touch dwight 's hand . dwight ahhhh !!! dwight let go and fall to he death . int . freezer -- moment later frost have build up on the window . icicles hang off of we heroes . buddy ( practically freeze stiff ) what be we gonna do ? I be cold . I can not move , I be so cold . cindy ( rub he leg ) can you feel that ? buddy no . try a little higher . Cindy start rub he thigh . cindy feel that ? buddy ( enjoy it ) no. keep rub . Cindy start rub harder . buddy better try a little higher . cindy ( catch on ) now , come on -- you know I be not ready for that kind of -- buddy Cindy , please ! it 's a matter of life and death . I be ask you a friend . cindy well ... okay ... but only as a friend . Cindy make ready to start rub buddy 's dick . buddy lean back , get ready to enjoy it . he put he arm around he head , but then realize that this whole thing depend on Cindy believe that he can not move he arm , so he quickly put they back where they be before Cindy realize what he 's do . Cindy be still rub buddy 's crotch . buddy I be come ! buddy explode Cindy , eye wide as she look down . she jump back just as the goo fly towards she . close on : the goo . it freeze in mid-air . Cindy know there 's no more time to waste . she desperately scramble for a way out . she try the door , but it 's bolt shut . she look over to see some loose nut and bolt , a wire and a defibrillator . she go to work piece something together , MacGyver -style . Quick cut of she snap a wire loose . she magnetize the nut and bolt . she turn on the defibrillator . we pull back to reveal Cindy have build with the loose scrap a cat bulldozer . Cindy help buddy out of the freezer . cindy you stay here . I have get to warn the other . Cindy exit . CUT to : int . basement hallway -- moment later cindy ( into she cup ) come in somebody . can you hear I ? ray ( v.o. ) this be Ray . what 's up ? where be you ? cindy the ghost be close . he almost get we . buddy be hurt . ray ( v.o. ) what 's you location ? I repeat , what 's you location ? cindy right behind you . reveal : Cindy stand behind Ray . ray Roger that we be on we way over . Ray turn to Cindy . cindy where 's Shorty ? ray I do not know . he be right behind I a minute ago . CUT to : int . kitchen -- later music : the same gentle piano music as in " hannibal . " Cindy walk into the kitchen and see Shorty seat at he table , strapped to a chair . hanson be nearby , grill something on a portable grill and converse amiably with Shorty . alarm , Cindy grab a snow globe . angle on snow globe : Cindy hide the snow globe behind she back . hanson ah , Cindy . sit down , dear . dinner 's almost ready . Cindy manage a smile and near the table . hanson oh , and the little weapon you be hide ? put it on the table . caught , Cindy sheepishly place the snow globe on the table and move to sit . hanson come now , give it up . Cindy pull a heavy little statuette from under she shirt and clunk it down next to the snow globe . hanson shake he head no and gesture for she to come clean with what else she have . Cindy keep pull out more weaponry , toss it on the table . a bear-trap , a crowbar , a medieval battle axe , a crossbow , case of dynamite , and a Star Wars lightsaber , which she turn on and toss onto the pile . Cindy sit . hanson go back to he cooking . cindy ( whisper ) Shorty , be you alright ? speak to I ! Shorty be slump and daze , drool on himself . Cindy notice some hypodermic needle , chloroform and a rag . cindy ( to hanson ) morphine ? chloroform ? horse tranquilizers ? you have drugge he ! hanson no , actually , I find he like this . that 's he stuff . with grow alarm , Cindy notice a cookbook on the table : " martha Stewart 's easy Brain recipe " , feature a picture of a pleasantly smile martha Stewart on the cover , she mouth and chin soak in blood and gore , clutching a chew brain in she hand . hanson sit down and join we , Cindy . shorty ( to Cindy ) yeah , I always want to watch you eat . cindy she would have to be really pretty and I would have to be very drunk . shorty ( delirious ) I be go to work in Washington , Cindy . cindy be you ? shorty that 's where my best customer be . marion Berry , George Bush , the redskin . I would like to offer you a job , Cindy . can you type ? take dictation ? swallow balloon fill with cocaine ? hanson now you be be rude , Shorty . shorty Washington be full of cornpone country pussy -- just ask jesse Jackson . hanson put down he spatula and step to Shorty . hanson alright ! everyone ready for the main course ? hanson pull off Shorty 's sweatband and take a can opener to Shorty 's head , run it all the way around the crown as Cindy look on in horror . Cindy gasp as hanson lift off the top of Shorty 's head , revealing he brain . it 's a sad sight . small and underdeveloped , it 's surround by smoke . corrode and half smoke away . there 's a small band - aid on it . hanson put the top of Shorty 's skull on he own head , hair and all . hanson ( a la Shorty , gesture with a little hand ) yo son , check this out . shorty Dog , you look hot . hanson grab a knife and go to carve the brain . cindy hanson , please . hanson do not worry Cindy , the brain itself feel no pain . hanson cut into it . the brain scream in fright and shrink away from the knife , compress itself into a corner of Shorty 's skull . hanson stab over and over , the brain gracefully avoid be cut , move from corner to corner of the skull . it tremble . hanson watch and aim carefully , finally stick the knife into the brain . hanson it 's such a fascinating organ . hanson point out a section . hanson this part here control intelligence . watch what happen when I touch it . hanson touch it . shorty ( suddenly smart , with a british accent ) salutation , offspring . the fecal matter be infirm . by the by , I do not wish to monopolize the conversation , but I believe I have just figure out the cure for cancer . it 's really quite simple -- hanson take he finger off the brain and point out another section : hanson and this part control a person 's manners . Shorty start to belch and fart uncontrollably , wetting he pants . cindy stop touch he brain ! hanson um , I be not touch anything . shorty sorry , y'all . my bad . hanson Shorty , why do not you say grace ? shorty me? Grace ? okay -- dear God -- just as Shorty bow he head , the little brain plop out onto the table . hanson pick it up and put it back in . shorty amen . hanson now carve a little section of the brain . hanson this part remove the sense of humor . shorty I be Tom Green , I be Tom Green . daddy want some sausage , sausage . daddy want some sausage ... hanson drop the piece of brain on the fry pan . Cindy look over and look at the grill hanson be use . a logo in the side read : " the George Foreman Brain Grill " , with a picture of George Foreman 's smile head next to the word . the top of George Foreman 's head be miss , revealing he brain . hanson take the brain tidbit off the pan -- it have grill mark now , and serve it to Shorty . Shorty start hook up the piece of brain with the hot sauce , pepper , salt , " a - 1 " steak sauce , melt velveta cheese , etc ... hanson start scraping the leftover off the dish into Shorty 's head . Cindy grab the snowglobe and go after hanson , but hanson grab she just as it 's about to strike and slam she back against the refrigerator , get in she face , lock she hair in the door and break off the handle . hanson tell I , Cindy . would you ever tell I " stop . if you love I you would stop . " cindy not in a thousand year . hanson lean in and press a kiss against Cindy 's lip . cindy ( muffle ) stop ! -- hanson ( pull away ) make you say it ! suddenly off screen we hear handcuffs click close . pull back and reveal that she 's handcuff he small hand to she . the handcuff be extremely loose on he hand . off screen hanson hear Brenda and theo approach . look around , he grab a cleaver . then he slam he and Cindy 's cuffed hand on the kitchen counter . hanson it look like I will have to give you something to remember I by ... this be really go to hurt . cleaver come down hard . cu of Cindy scream in slo -mo . reveal hanson 's crooked penis on the counter , the foreskin cut -off . hanson I have be meaning to do this since my bar mitzvah ... here . hanson hand she the piece of foreskin . as she stare at in horrify shock , hanson slip he baby hand out of the cuff , no problem , and run off . Cindy run after he , hair still catch , drag the refrigerator after she . theo and Brenda arrive . brenda Cindy , what 's go on ? cindy it 's hanson , he 's evil . let 's get he ! the girl free Cindy and they run off . Cindy 's hair be freeze stiff in the air with a pork chop stick to it . they leave Shorty behind , pass out at the table . CUT to : int . lab -- later Ray and buddy be scoping out the area . suddenly , there 's a knock at the door . as the knob begin to turn , buddy and Ray take aim . the door open . a very dishevel dwight , on he hand and knee , appear . dwight ouch ... ( alternate ) mommy ... buddy and Ray help dwight into a chair . buddy dwight , be you okay ? dwight I can not feel my leg . ray you never could feel you leg . dwight what do you know about it ?!... listen , the ghost be too powerful . the only chance we have be to use this machine . ( to buddy ) I need you to go get the other and meet we upstairs . buddy okay ... buddy run out . dwight ( hesitantly ) alright ... I might need you help . ray my help ? dwight a little bit ... give I you belt . ray I be not even wear any drawer . forget about a belt . dwight okay , give I my belt . Ray check dwight 's pants . ray you be not wear a belt . dwight alright , go to the belt store ... as they continue , we : CUT to : int . basement hallway -- night Cindy , Brenda , and theo start to lose article of clothing . Cindy remove a pin and let down she hair . music cue : independent woman reveal : we girl now resemble " Charlie 's angel . " hanson come upon a lock gate and cartwheel between it . Brenda and theo brace they hand and help Cindy over the gate . Cindy leap over the fence and grab a chain hang from the ceiling and swing toward the hanson . she kick he in the chest . he fall to the floor . Cindy drop from the chain as Brenda and Brenda climb the gate in cat-like fashion . hanson rise to he foot and strike a defensive pose . it 's Cindy and hanson . she take a run leap and kick at hanson ala cameron diaz in " Charlie 's angel . " she slowly move through the air at he until hanson pick up a bat . Cindy see this and begin to back pedal , but it 's too late . hanson swing and connect . swack !! he bean she in the head and she go fly . the girl gather again on the other side in front if a fountain and assume the famous " Charlie 's angel " pose with theo and Brenda hold one leg up as Cindy squat in the middle . now with the fountain behind they , it appear all girl be take a piss . new angle : the girl be close in . hanson know it . Theo Brenda ! hanson snatch one of Brenda 's braid and run it under he nose smell it like the villain in " Charlie 's angel . " Brenda , angry , assume a fierce , expert look kung fu pose -- but then break into a girlish schoolyard fight technique , arm pin-wheel , etc . hanson then take on theo . she run to back wall , flip and roundhouse kick he . hanson throw theo into a wall . her boob expand and break she fall . it 's now just Cindy and hanson . Cindy begin to display different kung fu fight technique . cindy the crane style ! she do crane - like fight move -- cindy the crouch Tiger style ! she do TIGER - like fight move -- cindy the drunk monkey ! Cindy start stumbling around the room , act drunk and make monkey noise . cindy the mad cow ! Cindy frown , make a mad face and start " moo " like a cow ! cindy the horny dog ! Cindy begin humping hanson 's leg wildly . then she get carry away with she impression of different animal , a deer , a bear , etc . hanson watch she totally entertained . cindy the camel toe ! this move disgust hanson . Cindy do the " crouch Tiger " tornado - spin upwards and land on a higher level , ( joke to come ) . Cindy finish she move and back - up as hanson start to short circuit . the girl run in and they all watch the ghost start to combust . buddy run up from the hall to the fence . buddy you gotta get out of there ! he hold open the gate as the girl run down the hall . they give one last look back as hanson explode . buddy , Brenda , Cindy and theo run to the lab . CUT to : int . lab -- moment later buddy , Brenda , Cindy and theo enter to find Ray and dwight there . dwight there 's only one thing leave to do . you guy , go upstairs and get the machine ready ! CUT to : int . music room / foyer -- moment later the group be gather . dwight be strapped to Ray 's back . dwight someone be go to have to lure he onto the platform . cindy I will go . buddy Cindy , let I ... cindy no , buddy , I be the one he want . buddy actually , I be go to say let I have you computer if you die . Cindy move to the foyer . dwight cool , but remember , as soon as he get on the platform you gotta get out of there . ( alternate : ) nobody want to go . cindy alright , let 's take a vote ... Rest to come ... Cindy cross into the foyer . buddy , Ray , dwight , and theo stand in the doorway . the machine be gather at the bottom of the step . Cindy move about , yell to the ghost . cindy Hugh kane , it 's I you want , come get I ! I be not afraid anymore ! show yourself ! suddenly , the foyer window explode . the ghost break through the window . come down the step , he trip and fall . the ghost rise into frame , step on the machine . ghost prepare to die ! ( alternate line : ) now you will be mine forever ! Cindy stand in the circle . buddy throw the switch . a digital read-out ... 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... buddy Cindy , get outta there . you will be kill . ( alternate : ) do something , dwight ! dwight I can not , she 's still on the platform . if I throw the switch she will die . ahh ! no !!! ray I will get she . with no concern for he safety , Ray , still with dwight strapped to he back , bolt towards Cindy . close on : Ray . he 's run in dramatic slo-mo . Theo why be he run so slow ? Brenda shrug . brenda Ray , run faster . ray okay . Ray look back and nod . he break outta slo - mo and speed towards Cindy . digital read-out ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Ray tackle Cindy , hurl she out of the way just as the machine 's energy field zap the ghost . Cindy , Ray and dwight hit the ground with a bone-jarring impact . cindy Ray , you save my life . be you okay ? ray yeah , I break my fall . dwight , all wuzzy , complain . the force - field turn on and the ghost be instantly in agony . he scream . Cindy manage to drag herself to the ghost . cindy do not fight it . let it go . it 's time for you . Rest time . peace . carolyn be wait for you on the other side . this word make the ghost relax . his evil expression change . cindy yes , go to she . you will be together with she for eternity . a brilliant , heavenly light ala the final scene in " ghost . " syrupy music begin to play . the ghost smile . he place he hand against Cindy 's as a kind of gesture of good - bye . Music swell . ghost rise towards the light . cindy Goodbye , Hugh kane . ghost take care of yourself , Cindy . suddenly , another ghost appear . it 's Alex . Ray , dwight and Cindy turn they head from the bright light . alex there you be , my love . I have be look for you . now we can be together forever . the ghost 's expression change to fear . he begin to leave ... alex do not you float away from I . ghost no ! no ! alex do not you run from I !... I be come my love ! in a flash , both Alex and the ghost be suck into the light and disappear . CUT to : int . foyer -- moment later as the ghost go off to he wretch eternal fate with Alex in the afterlife , the kid look around at each other . outside the window , dawn be beginning to break . bird be chirp . ray we do it , you guy ! we make it ! the gang -- Cindy , Brenda , Ray , buddy , theo and dwight -- hug . Shorty wander into the room . shorty hey , y'all ! what 's go on ? cindy Shorty ! you be alive !! but ... what about you head ? shorty that turn out to be a good thing ! it 's gonna make smuggle a whole lot easier . remember that weed ? I be about to get pay . Cindy and Shorty hug . cindy ( triumphant ) come on , guy . let 's get out of here . suddenly , the door open . a ray of blind sunlight flood the room . Father mcfeely enter with some cop and emt . father mcfeely I be afraid we be too late . the kid watch , confuse , as the priest and the officer rush past without acknowledge they be even there . the kid look bewilder . cop # 1 walk up to cop # 2 . cop # 2 I find one in the kitchen . cop # 3 run up to cop # 1 and cop # 2 , very excited . cop # 3 there 's ass , blood and gut everywhere ! cop # 1 give they the " thumb up " and walk away without say a word . cop # 2 and cop # 3 walk away . on the back of each of they jacket read " director' relative . " then cop # 1 walk away revealing the back of he jacket , " just a extra . " Cindy run up to Father mcfeely . cindy Father ! mcfeely my child , you be alive ! cindy yes , we make it ! mcfeely we ? what do you mean ... we ? cindy I and my friend ... you see there be this ghost . he come out of nowhere and .... mcfeely my child you be the only survivor . cindy no , my friend be right here ! the kid stand in a group behind Cindy , but mcfeely look right through they . mcfeely I be sorry . cindy Father , I do not understand . tell I what happen ? mcfeely soon , but first I must bless this house . mcfeely walk off . Ray and dwight , still strapped to each other , watch the entire scenario . they look at the other . ray you mean to tell I we be dead ! dwight I guess so . Ray undoe he belt and dwight fall of he back . dwight try to stand up , but even though he 's dead , he leg do not work . cindy noooooooo ! suddenly , a bus ( or car ) drive through , smash Cindy . the end postscript version # 5 int . dormroom -- day Cindy sit at she desk talk to someone off screen . cindy now that we be out of the house and back at school , I know that everything 's go to be okay . I be doubly lucky that I make it out of the house with you ... reveal Cindy be talk to the bird . bird will you just shut up ? shut the fuck up ! the phone ring . cindy hello ? oh hi dad . yeah , I be so happy to be back in college . I love my new roommate , but I have to say I be a little nervous at first because she 's so religious . show megan fuck herself with a crucifix . megan let Jesus fuck I ! megan 's head spin around , then she spew green vomit and piss everywhere . cindy and I get the cutest little parrot . bird be such clean animal , he 's no trouble at all ! bird uh , what do they put in this birdseed ? the bird spray shit out he ass all over she wall . cindy sorry to bother you about this , dad but I need you to send I some more money . for some reason , the college would not accept the cash you send for my tuition . she look at a stack of 100 's that be obviously counterfeit smear ink , " one hundre dollar " spell wrong , Ben Franklin in dreadlock . Cindy load some item into a care package ; a copy of " the Hurricane , " a shank , a zip gun , a file , a carton of cigarettes . cindy keep check you mailbox , I be send you a care package . oh , and I be put in a little something for you bitch dwayne . she put a industrial - size bottle of " ass -troglide " into the box . there 's a knock at the door . cindy there 's buddy ! gotta go ! bye dad ! Cindy open the door , and buddy be wait there with a bunch of flower . Cindy smile , then punch he through the flower , in the chest . cindy open chest ! buddy be sprawle on the floor with the wind knock out of he , flower everywhere . cindy gotta be faster than that , thimble dick ! Cindy and buddy exit . megan keep spew and swear . regan fuck I ! fuck I ! bird girl , I would not fuck you if I be lie in the desert die of thirst , with buzzard all around , and you ass be a water fountain . CUT to : int . dorm hallway -- day Tommy be pace up and down the hall , shaking uncontrollably . Ray walk up . ray yo ' Tommy , what up , man ? tommy I be totally freakin ' dude . I keep have this nightmare , then I wake up scream with this awful back spasm . I can not take it anymore , man . ray aww , man . you just need to chill out . come on , there 's this party tonight it 's gonna be fun . lot 's of alcohol and honey . tommy alright , but I be not drink . and you be gonna have to look after I . ray do not worry , I get you back . Ray put he arm around Tommy and they walk off down the hall . we see a tattoo " ray fucked I . " on he back . Ray move he hand and we see another tattoo that say ... " again ! " CUT to : ext . dorm build entrance - a little later buddy and Cindy exit the dorm . buddy stop Cindy on the step . buddy there 's something I really want to share with you . cindy there 's something I want to share with you too . here , smell this . Cindy swipe she finger under buddy 's nose . buddy react , and Cindy run off . ext . park - a little later Cindy and buddy be sit under a tree together . buddy Cindy , about this whole friendship thing ... cindy yeah , I know , I just love have a guy for a friend . buddy I know , but I have be think -- cindy ( interrupt ) I know , but I have be think -- buddy listen to I I -- cindy ( interrupt ) listen to I I -- buddy look , what I be try to say -- cindy ( smile , fuck with he ) look , what I be try to say -- buddy slap Cindy in the back of the head . buddy stop it ! I be just try to say I think we should take we friendship to the next level . cindy oh. buddy I do not want to be you friend like this anymore . cindy then what be we go to do ? buddy you know , walk on the beach , hold hand , kissing , make love ... cindy that sound kinda gay , but since you be a guy , I guess it 's okay . buddy let 's get a hot dog . they get up and start walk . buddy see a bee and protect she from it . buddy hey , look out , a bee ! cindy ( charme ) oh , buddy , I have never have someone be so protective of I ! buddy that 's what you man be suppose to do . CUT to : ext . campus -- continous Cindy and buddy come upon a ice cream vendor busy work on he cart . buddy hey , wanna ' share a soda ? cindy oh , buddy , that 's so romantic . buddy yeah . ( then ) can I borrow five buck ? Cindy pull the cash out of she pocket . cindy what should we get ? buddy I do not care . you pick . cindy hot dog . the vendor turn to reveal it 's hanson . cindy oh my God ! buddy , what be we go to do ? no response . Cindy turn to see buddy sprinting across the campus . cindy it be you ... hanson yes , it be I all along . I kill Hugh kane and he mistress . cindy both of they ? hanson do not I just say that ? Fucking listen . anyway , I do it all for carolyn . he never appreciate she , but I worshipped that woman and still she reject I . so , I come back for you . just like I do for carolyn . cindy this can not be happen ? hanson now you will be mine , Cindy . hanson move toward Cindy . cindy noooo !!! hanson yes !!!! blam ! hanson be blindside by a car which miss Cindy by mere inch , but kill he dead . int . car -- continuous shorty be drive the car , surprised by the thud . shorty what ? a girl with a bag over she head ( the ghoul ) , lift she head up off he lap , revealing a hole in the bag through which she be blow he , as we ... fade out . the end