#00766 " enjoy yourself -- every day above ground be a good day . " anonymous , miami 1981 1 a prologue 1 crawl up the screen -- with narrator . narrator in May 1900 , fidel castro -- in a effort to normalize relation with the Carter administration -- open the harbor at mariel , Cuba with the apparent intention of let some of he people join they relative in the United States . within seventy - two hour , 3,000 U.S. boat be head for Cuba . in the next few week , it become evident that castro be force the boat owner to carry back with they not only they relative but the dregs of he jail population . 3y the time the port be close 125,000 ' marielitos ' have land in Florida . a estimate 25,000 have criminal record . this be the story of that minority -- that they call ' Los bandidos . ' the prologue be shred diagonally by the blade of a stilleto and in the empty black void we : CUT to open montage - documentary footage : 2 the disembarkation 2 from the harbor in mariel , Cuba . vessel of every nature , wave mass , demonstration .... ; I the crossing 3 I . 3 i7 Sun and storm . , 1 4 the landing - key west 4 the flag of the United States . chopper swoop over the rag coastline of the key . emerald water dot with fishing trawler and pleasure craft , a " America the beautiful " - type Immigration theme surging over ' this . # 02154 2 Rev. 11/22/82 5 the processing 5 Long line . Immigration and nationalization official , custom , Public Health , FBI , Church and relief organization . Babies bawling , argument over paperwork , refugee be interview by tv news , people cry , people eat , family huddle on floor ... chaos . the music theme continue in stately calm as we : CUT to 6 int . office - processing hall - afternoon - a full 6 and closeup of tony montana ant 7 7 the scar-face one , in the young angry prime of he life . we dwell first on the scar which he like to scratch now and then . we move to the eye , pure in they fury . finally we encompass the face -- the face of a man about to explode -- muscle , tissue , brain -- a man willing to live or die and on the increment of a moment , inflict or receive either one . he be clothed in rag cross with hole , he shoe break cardboard , he hair unkempt , he complexion sallow from prison . over this : voice # 1 ( 0.8 . ) okay so what do you call yourself ? voice # 2 ( 0.6 . ) corn0 se llama ? montana ( X ) tony Montana ... you ? voice # 1 where would you learn to speak the English , tony ? montana ( xl sailor . my old man -- he be american . I always know , y'know , one day I bum . I see all the gonna come to America . movie .... voice #l so where 's you old man now ? montana he 's dead . he die . somewhere .... voice # 1 mother ? tony she 's dead too . continued . # 02154 3 Rev. 11/22/82 6 continued 6 and ant 7 7 voice # 2 what kind of work you do in Cuba , tony ? tony this . that . the Army . some con - struction work .... voice # 2 unhunh . get any family in the States , tony ? cousin , brother - in-law ? tony ( a beat ) nobody . everybody 's dead . no . man # I y'ever be in jail , tony ? tony I jail ? no way . we now reveal three man in civilian clothing in the dark afternoon light of the little room . actually it 's a plywood office somewhere in the processing hall and we hear the din from the hall over the question and answer . two of the man sit around a desk , the third man stand in a corner , stare at tony , the most authoritative - look of the three . man #l ( check off a list ) you be in a mental hospital , tony ? tony ( grin ) yeah , in the boat come over . man # 1 how ' bout homosexuality , tony ? you. like man , y'like to dress up like a woman ? tony ( to man # 2 ) never try it . what the ( X ) fuck 's wrong with this guy , what 's he think I be ? man # 2 just answer the question , tony . the voice of the man remain cool and collect throughout . continued # 02154 4 ( xl Rev. 11/22/82 6 continued - 2 6 and ant 7 7 tony ( to man # l ) fuck no . man # 1 arrested ? vagrancy ? marijuana ? tony . never . nothing . no ..no . i his eye movement be rapid ( over shoulder , side , door ) and he do a lot of touch -- object -- lightly with the tip of the finger . man # 3 be step forward out of the shadow . man # 3 so where would you get the beauty scar ? tony ?' this ?.. ( scratch the scar , shrug ) I be a kid . you should see the other kid . ( a grim chuckle ) man # 3 and this ? he hold up tony 's hand and indicate the tattoo between the thumb and second finger -- a heart with the word " madre " scale through it . tony oh that be for my sweetheart . man # 3 sweetheart ? ( to the other man ) we be see more and more of this . it 's some kinda code this guy use in the can . pitchfork mean a assassin or something . this one 's new ... you want to tell we , Montana or you want to take a little trip to the detention center ? tony hey , so I be in the can once for buy dollar . Big deal . contnmed # 02154 5 Rev. 11/22/82 6 continued - 3 -- 6 and be 7 7 man .# 3 that 's pretty funny , tony . tony some canadian tourist .... man # 3 what would you mug he first ? get he outta here ! ( start to walk out ) tony so I fuck castro , what 's it to hey , you ? you a Communist or something ? how would you like it they tell you all the time what to think , what to do , you wanna be like a sheep , like everybody else . baa baa ? puta ! you want a stoolie on every block ? you wanna work eight hour a day and you never own nothing ? I eat octopus three time a day , fuck octopus be come out my ear , fuckin ' Russian shoe be eat through my foot . whaddaya want ? you want I to stay there ? hey , I be no little whore , I be no stinking thief ! I be tony Montana and I be a political prisoner here from Cuba and I want my fuck ' human rights ' just like President Jimmy Carter say , okay ?... silence . 7 - there 's a certain eloquence to the manis plea but it fall on disbely ear . one of they chuckle . man #l Carter should see this human right . he 's good . he 's very good . what do ix : you say Harry ? man # 3 ( walk out ) I .. ' freedomtown . ' let they take a look at he . a long look . continued # 02154 6 Rev. 12/16/82 6 -4 continued 6 p - and ant 7 7 tony hey , that 's okay , too , Harry . no hard feeling . man # 3 at the door stop , look back . tony send I here , send I there . this . that . nothing you can do to I Harry , castro do not do -- nothing .... that taunting smile on tony 's lip as , to the music of the immigration theme , we : dissolve to 7-a wt . federal bus - hour later 7 - p the bus be pack with the harder - look refugee- type . the noise the window be cage and we see INS guard . level be high , like a sack of monkey . manny ( manolo ) ribera 's get he foot up on a empty seat . ( X ) he 's big , strong , handsome , with dash darkly feminine eye -- young than tony , and dapper in he cheap clothing . he 's eat a baby Ruth candy bar . seat 's take . tony so I will sit in you lap . tony push he foot off , sit . he take the baby Ruth out of manny 's hand , peel out the bar of chocolate , then return the empty wrapper to manny , tony so what would you tell they ? I tell they what you tell I to tell they . I tell they I be in sani - tation in Cuba . . tony I tell I do not tell you sanitation . you to tell they you be in a sani - tarium , not sanitation . the bus pull out now . continued # 02154 6-a Rev. 12/g/82 ( xl 7-a continued 7 - a be that what you tell I ?.. you do not tell I that . tony you know if you have not open you mouth , they woulda think you be a horse . I tell you to tell they you be cure . have TB and fuck you tony .... tony you do nothing right . I shoulda leave you in Cuba . 7-b ext . miami from bus - establishing shot 7 - B of Miami as , to the music of the Immigration theme , we : dissolve to 8 int . tony's tent - freedomtown - night ( six month later ) 8 a movie projector ... we be watch . . . the face of bogart -- unshaven , paranoid . a badly damage 16 mm print of the treasure of the Sierra - madre . it 's near the end of the film and he 's alone , talk to himself just before the bandit get he .... the rag-tag audience be noisily yammer back at the screen , the camera move past manny Ray , chew gum , hair slicked , eye in cat-like repose ...to tony , enrapt , eye like a eleven year old , mouth hang open . bogart what a thing . conscience . conscience . xf you believe you have get a conscience , ' it`ll pester you to death . but if you do not believe you have get one , what can it do to you ? make I sick so much talk and fussing about nonsense . time to go to sleep . ( close he eye but not for long ) CUT to 6-b # 02154 Rev. 12/9/82 9 int . tent - later thatnight 9 tony be move down 23rd Street , the walk proud and jungle in the rock of the hip and the cast of the shoulder -- now accompany by he handsome compadre , manny tony that bogart , chico , hunh ? continued # 00766 7 9 __ continued 9 Fucking crazy , hunh ! tony that gold dust blow in the wind . y'see manny , he 's always look over he shoulder . hunh ? like I .... he hunch , darting exaggerated look over he shoulder , imitate bogart . manny laugh . in he black shirt with zig - zag dot and color and the baggy pants and sunglass , tony 's start to look american . he 's even get himself a pop button pin to he shirt that say " fuck off and die . " and hi6 English roll faster off he tongue , he confidence more pronounce . tony I . . do not trust nobody . yeah all that gold , hunh -- I guess you get 60 crazy you never trust no - body no more . tony never happen to I , chico . that 's one thing I never gonna be . I never gonna be crazy like that . yeah , how do you know .... tony I know . I do not know . sometime6 you crazy , too , tony . tony asshole , I go crazy . you manny , I never go crazy with you . you be like my brother , I love you ! yeah , sure . tony c'mon . hey , playfully punch manny and they walk on into the tony humid night , intersect a young punk , chi- chi . continued # 00766 8 's 9 continued - 2 9 chi - chi ( to manny ; Spanish ) hey manny . oye chi - chi , what 's go down . chi - chf usual shit . want some peanut ? pago 's carry tonight . I do not know , I get all fuck up on it .... chi - chi want some new snatch ? a pussycat name of yolanda just roll onto the boulevard --- oh yeah , what she look like ? chi - chi she look like you ' cept she get a snatch . a real snatch ? chi - chi you be not kid . it talk . as they chatter , tony move on with a movement of the head for manny . " later . " he 's in the middle of the " boulevard " where a bustling black market in toiletry , clothing , cigarettes , and transves - tite be conduct nightly in the harsh glare of barrack neon . he amble past a bunch of young guy throw a frisbee , past a " Viva Carter ! " proclamation in graffiti .... transvestite ( pass ) what about you sugar -- you wanna party ? tony ( pass she ) yeah with whose cock , honey ? CUT to # 02154 9 2nd Rev. 11/22/82 ( X ) 10 ext . freedomtown ground - night , -- 10 tony , five minute later , in a phone booth , in the middle of ._ a bank of they , dozen of marielietos press to get in , try still to contact somebody -- anybody -- on the outside . tony be dial , he eye shifting down to the telephone number write in pencil on the back of a snapshot - as he finish the number , he flip the snapshot over and we see a young girl , about thirteen year old , dark , tiny , fiery , stand together with a dog and tony , early twenty , in shadow , the fringe of the photo heavily tatter with handle . tony stare at it , he mind drift as the phone ring in a distant place . a brief moment of repose we have not yet see in tony . someone pick up the phone . a older woman 's Voice . his expression alter to uncertainty . voice yes ? .. hello ?.. who be this ? tony change he mind , hang up . pause . the face of that in line peer in , the next party rap on the door , but tony ignore it , slip the snapshot back into the wallet in he pants , then at he own pace , exit the phone booth . he walk a few beat , he eye pensive . then recognize somebody in another phone booth and go over . angel frenandez have get the face of one , as he argue on the phone , then hang up , a desolate look on he face , a wear phone book in he hand . tony angel , how ya doin ' ? angel you know how many goddamn fernandeze be live in fuck Union City ? and I gotta call every fuck one of them to find my brother ! tony pass ) ( in do not waste you dime , chico . you know you brother hate you . angel go fuck yourself , tony . manny catch up to tony . continued # 02154 10 2nd Rev. 11/22/82 ( xl 10 c0 nt1 nued 10 tony whatcha hang around with that hustler for ? hey chi- chi 's okay , he hear thing , tony what 's he hear I do not hear . come angel over , listen . he hear we get problem . Im - migration be have this hearing , y ' know ? and they be say nine out of ten of we be gonna get back ! ship tony oh yeah ? yeah . and a lotta shit just go down at indiantown gap . in Pennsylvania . riot , fire , break head .. - thing be gonna pop here . tony shit , I coulda tell you that . yeah , so what do you think the immigration 's gonna do when we riot ? you think they be gonna let we out ? they be gonna throw away the key , that 's what . angel oh shit ! what 's I say . this be gonna end bad , muchachos .... tony hey , I tell youguy this be not Cuba here , this be the United States . they get nothing but lawyer here . we be on the television . we be in the newspaper . whatta they gonna do -- ship we back to Cuba ? castro -- he do not want we . nobody no place want we so whatta they gonna do -- put we in a gas chamber so all the people can see ? they be stick with we , chico -- they gotta let we go ! continued # 02154 11 and 11-a 2nd Rev. 11/22/82 10 c0 nt1 nued - 2 10 ( xl yeah , well , what if we gotta sit here another six month , hunh ? tony you worry too much , mis hermano . like the man say , ' when you get them by the ball , they heart and mind gonna follow ' -- hunh ? tony wink and walk off . the radio be play hard rock , something like blondie or benatar from the stoop of a nearby barrack . tony love the sound and swing into it , snap he finger and roll he hip like presley . he back - pedal , smile at manny and angel . tony ( in awful imitation ) ' oh yeah America ! Love - to love you baby , oh yeah ! ' cutto # 00766 12 ext . playing field - day - two week later 11 camera on tony shuffle and feint a soccer ball in al impromtu game ; he 's cover with sweat , tire a fancy mo\ around a young kid who not only steal the ball away fl he but manage to lay he flat on he face . tony ( lie there ) aw fuck .... the game , leave he behind , shift downfield . qye ! tony ! c'mon ! mamy , just arrive at the edge of the field , wave he of tony , get up , brush himself off , walk off the fie towards he . angel ( at a distance ) hey tony where ya go ? tony I get better-things to do . angel Chicken liver , hunh ? tony ( to manny ) yeah ? ( look zd ) let 's walk . they walk . you ready for the good news , cone ? tony yeah . manny we can be outta here in thirty day . not only that . we get a green card and a job in Miami ! hunh ? we be make , chico , we be make ? tony yeah , whadda we gotta do , go to Cuba and hit the beard or what ? c0 nt1nued # 00766 14 continued 12 12 angel be walk towards they . tony signal he . ( shake he head ) forget it . oh yeah -- there 's a hundred greenback in it , for both of we . tony ( enthusiastic ) hey you be kid , that 's great ! but manny , you tell you guy angel get out with we . as rebenga , in long - lense closeup , nervously smoke a cigarette , eye rove as the guard examine he papers . CUT to montage - the riot - freedomtown - day 13 13 the visual be swift , dispassionate and documentary - like . the refugee storm the barb wire at the main gate , carry brick and wooden slat . all ( in unison ) libertad ! libertad ! national guardsmen and state police 14 14 form rank outside . 15 refugees 15 flee through a hole in the fence . guard 16 move on they , wield club . 17 several refugees 17 be scoot down a highway . 18 police dog on chain be glimpse . # 00766 15 , .-- 19 refugees 15 throw stone and debris from the rooftop of a barrack . 20 rebenga 2c nervously hurry a cigarette in he mouth , into a barrack . 21 angel 21 track he , signal .... inside - refugees 22 22 be pull apart they bed , go for the wooden slat . other set fire to they mattress . 23 the police and guard 23 be move through the gate , restore order . loudspeaker blast . injured refugee lie bleed on the grounds . 24 a entirebarrack 24 now go up in flame . 25 inside the barrack 25 a bewilder emilio rebenga grab he papers and valuable . manny run up on he . rebenga see he , sense danger , flee down the aisle with he satchel , intersect other panicked refugee . manny follow . rebenga stumble into a bed frame , shatter he glass , then run on . into the smoke and flame . out of which scarface now appear -- in he kill wrath . tony rebenga ! of the voice . rebenga snap to the sound tony ( Spanish ) from the friend you fuck ! continued # 02154 16 Rev. l/18/83 ( xl 25 continued _ , .- 25 the work be fast . the stiletto punch nine quick hole in , -~ - he lung and he heart .. . and the figure of death be go . . . . and emilio rebenga stagger wildly in the smoke , uncompre - hend eye encase in break glass sinking out of frame . 26 ext . freedomtown - day 26 the riot be over . the grounds be still , smoke and debris the aftermath . dissolve to 2.7 int . processxng room - day - a month later 27 a Immigration Officer pass a sheaf of document across a desk into a pair of hand . the camera glide along a Green Card pin to the top of the stack . it say " ANTHONY montana " and it have picture and stamp . it 's official , as the camera move with triumphant immigration theme music.to the face of Mr. Montana examine quite contentedly the reward of he effort . end of montage . Music continue . dissolve to 27-a ext . downtown miami - sunny day 27-a the new Miami be rise ubiquitously above biscayne Bay , the camera move past blossoming skyscraper , workmen , huge crane , glass , mirror booming upwards into a beautiful blue Florida sky , fleece with perfectly white cloud .. . past a giant billboard : how about a million dollar loan ? come talk to US ... at the banco do miami ... today ! past bank of glass ( caribank , banco de Venezuela , amerifirst ) .... insert a car sticker go by with the image of the american flag and the reminder : " wili . the last american leave Miami please bring flag ? " tony and mamy bop al.oig the street in they hand - me-down clothes , oogl the chica and the bodegas ( in a plush modern area of Miami ) . boat . building . cars. continijeid # 02154 16-a Rev. l/18/83 ( xl 27-a ?' continued 27-a tony ( look around ) j3oy -- can you believe this place .' chico ? ( Spanish ) man , they be not kid around . tony ( point to a little old man walk towards they ) see that old guy over there ? yeah . tony millionaire . how do you know ? tony go over there . ask he gimme some money . he will give you the silver right outta he pants -- that 's America man , that 's what they do here . ( almost believe ) yeah ? hey tony catch this tomato . ( adjust he pants ) ooooh baby doll ...(* see note ) a hot Cuban girl in heel come down the sidewalk towards they with a female friend . note ) ( * see tony hey baby what you say ? (* see note ) she look at he like he be the last thing in the world she would say anything to . continued # 02154 16 - B Rev. l/18/83 ( xl 27-a c0 nt1nmd - 2 27-a tony wave she off , then change he mind and run up behind she and throw up she skirt and peek at she ass . before she can react , he hop away laugh as the two Cuban girl ad-lib Spanish expletive at he . bey that 's not cool , man . you wanna score one of this chick , watch I . mira ! he wiggle he tongue up and down , fast like a small whirring motor part , then slip it back into he mouth in the flick of a eye . tony ... the fuck be #at ? you do not see it ? you be not look . hey you gotta watch for it . do it again , quickly ; it look like a baby robin 's head peek out of a nest iin he tooth , then it 's go . tony what the hell 's that for -- eat bug ? that 's disgustin ' . you think so hunh ? well you do not when know shit ' bout chick chico . they see this , they know . they go crazy . they do not resist I . do it again . tony try but lack the speed and agility , provoking manny 's laughter . many double check himself in a shop window . ( do it again ) take practice , mis sangre , but they just love it when you flop that pussy with it .... tony oooh ...cono ! how ' bout that one ? point to a tall , cool blonde across the avenue . no problem . # 02154 16 -c ( xl Rev. l/18/83 27 -b ext . miami shopping STREET - day 27 - B tony walk right out into the avenue , stick .out he arm and stop traffic . Cars honk angrily but he could not give a shit . tony come on ? manny follow as tony now move across the opposite lane , a car screeching to a halt in front of he . tony ( point ) okay rober retfor , strut you stuff . the blonde have pause to look in a shop window . manny stop alongside , pretend to look . when he catch she eye , he flick he tongue . she look at he , confuse , then back into the window . manny look back at tony , wink , sidle closer to she . tony , wait off to the side , catch the gaze of a somber child , four , toddle along with it 's'mom . be make he own version of a funny face at the kid who look back at he puzzle . tony produce another face . the kid now smile . the mother look over . tony shrug . she smile and move along . meanwhile , manny have move close to the blonde and suggest something , he eyebrow raise , the smile crooked . it take a moment , then the blonde smack he across the face and walk away . tony walk over to he , mock . tony pobre hijo de puta -- you get it all mix up . this country first you gotta get the money , then you get the power and when you get the power , then you get the woman -- and then , chico , you get the world by the ball . por 10s conjone . there you go talk bit again man . you do not know shit about the world . who be it get we the green card , who get we the friend with the connection , hunh -- who 's get continued # 02154 16 -d . Rev. l/18/83 : 27-b c0 nt1nued 27-b manny ( cont would ) we a job ? you or I ? not you man . you lucky you have any friend . you lucky to have I as a friend .... they walk off , back as to camera . ( xl tony ( X ) yeah , so where 's this job ? ( xl do not push man , my friend gonna take care of everything . CUT to ( xl 28 little havana restaurant - littlehavana - night 28 on Southwest 8th Street . n Calle ocho " .... the parking lot be cramme with moby dick-size car and casual cuban in sport clothes bunched in conversation around they wheel or at the ice cream stand . the inside be a brightly light glitterdome with fancy mirror and chandelier effect , Spanish in influence , and every it combine the social function of a table be take . family restaurant , cafe , tourist haunt and late- night water hole for various beast of prey . the waitress move like well - oile troops along the path to the kitchen , turn the table at a speedy rate . the camera follow past the pot and the pan and the steam and the yell cook -- to the deep , darkest recess of this dungeon .... . . . to reveal tony Montana stubbing grease off the pot and manny Ray wash a stack of dish . they be filthy and exhaust . a dish slip through manny 's finger and crash to the floor . a look between they suffice to tell we all . continued # 02154 17 Rev. 11/12/82 28 continued .-- 28 tony you big shot friend better come up with something soon . I do not come to America to break my fuck back , querido . ( equally xate ) hey he 's come okay ! what do you want ? CUT to 29 int . / ext . little havana restaurant - night - hour later we be look through a cubbyhole at the diner . Young Cuban guy with chiquita drift in with they fancy clothes , diamond and -- the mark of status -- large bodyguard . they be out front with the flash , shaking hand with friend , kissing , talk loud , familiar with the waitress . stare through the smear window enrapt be tony and m - -q , wiping the sweat off they face with towel . look at that chick man , wow ! look at they knocker . tony yeah , look at the punk with she . what 's he get that I do not get ? he 's good - look that 's what , look at he clothes , flash chico , pizzaz !.. a litte coke money do not hurt nobody .... ( xl tony junkie ! -- they get no fuckin ' character . ( look at he hand ) look at this ... fuck cono ! onion ! they outta be pick gold ( xl off the street . his hand be shrivel white from dishwater . cook ( Spanish ) hey you two , outside ! you get company . . continwed # oil54 10 Rev. 11/12/82 29 continued 29 that 's he -- El mono 's here ! tony ( contemptuous of the name ) El mono ? shit .... CUT to 30 ext . parking lot outside little havana restaurant - night 30 ' Omar Suarez ( El mono -- " the monkey " ) be so name ' cause he look like one . nervous , crooked , darting eye , feverish intelligence , constantly smoking a cigarette and cough between word , he face pock - mark and pitte like the moon from a old acne scar , he cut a skinny figure at the wheel of a big beige coupe De ville , idling the motor ... with he be waldo rojas eat a large foot and a half banana . in contrast he 's amiable , heavyset with a recede hairline , flash a lot of gold when he smile . ( lean in the window ) hey Omar , waldo , coma esta ... my friend I tell you about . tony Montana .. . Omar Suarez , waldo rojas .... waldo mumble something indistinct , Omar just stare briefly as tony hang back , nodd arrogantly . Omar 's eye move back to manny . omar I get something for you . that 's great ... what do we oh yeah ! gotta do ? ( X ) we gotta unload a boat -- grass , twenty - five ton -- that 's what we gotta do . you get five hundred each . okay ! ( to tony ) what would I tell you . see , tony you gotta be kid ! whaddayou think we be -- baggage handler ? continued #cl2154 19 Rev. 11/2/82 30 continued -- 30 Omar look at he somehwat incredulously as tony wipe he hand on he greasy apron as he talk . tony ... five hundred dollar -- shit ! what would I do for you guy in the slammer , hunh ? what be the rebenga hit -- game of domino or somethin' ? you be talkin ' to important guy here . ( shocked ) hey tony , c'mon , it 's okay Omar , we .... tony shaddup ! Omar snigger , he eye shifting to waldo who shake he head and laugh . ( to manny 'Zy ) so what 's it with . this dishwasher , chico ? do not he think we coulda get some other space cadet to do rebenga -- cheaper maybe . fifty buck ? tony ( shrug ) so why do not you ? and who the fuck you call a dishwasher , I will wipe you monekyshit ass all up and down this boulevard . step forward . manny grab he . bey ! -- tony , tony .... in the car , Omar look over at waldo . omar guy 's a lunatic , let 's go . waldo what about they Indians --- ( xl he busy it , somewhat amused . the idea cross Omar 's mind , omar yeah .. . . ( xl continued # 02154 20 Rev. u/12/82 30 continuea - 2 30 ( back to i? y ) all right , smart ass , you wanna make some big buck ? you know anything about cocaine ? tony you kid . omar ... there 's a bunch of columbian . ( xl Flying in Friday . New guy . they say they get two key for we for opener . pure coke . in a motel over in Miami Beach . I want you to go over there , and if it 's what they say it be , pay them and bring it back . you do that , you will make five grand . ( to tony - ) hey , that sound great , tony .... tony say nothing . omar you know how to handle a machine gun ? sure we be in the Amy together . omar you be gonna need a couple other guy .... no problem . omar meet I at hector 's bodega Friday at noon . you get the money then . some - ( xl thing happen to the money , pobrecito , and my boss ' gonna stick you head up you ass faster and a rabbit get fuck . throw the remain of he cigarette at they . foot and pull the coupe De ville out of the lot . continued # 02154 20 -a Rev. 11/Z/82 30 continued - 3 30 tony I be scared . ( relieved ) tony you be pushin ' you luck . c0 nt1nued # 00766 21 30 continued - 3 30 tony ( walk away ) you worry too much manny -- you ' be gonna get yourself a heart attack one of this day . ( catching7 yeah , so who be this columbian ? tony so what do it matter ? so whatcha have that look on for when Omar bring it up ? tony strip off he greasy apron . tony so nothin' . I just do not like fuckin' columbian that 's what . they be animal ! cook ( intersect , Spanish ) where you greaser go , hunh , I get plenty of plate here . tony wash yourself . I just retire . `em throw the cook he apron . cook ( Spanish ) what the fuck you gonna do ! tony look after my investment . CUT to ext . miami 3 each - day - moving shot 31 31 the somewhat run-down , art -deco cheaper hotel of South Miami Beach . the porch be fill with senior citizen play card , read papers , stare , slowly walk the street . the ramshackle sedan , jamme with tony and he gang , rattles past . it 's a beat - up black and blue monte Carlo , jack up on its spring with dune buggy thread and need paint . you would arrest this guy on sight . # 02154 22 rev - 11/22/82 -- . int. / ext . tony's cadillac - mi-1 32 beach - day 32 see from the inside of the sedan . tony turn down the salsa beat on the radio , smoking a cigarette tensely . driving be manny . in the delapidate backseat be angel , the baby - face punk , and chi - chi , both from freedomtown . reflect the tension , whistle a vapid series of manw , note under he breath as he wait for a light to change . hey look at that chick , hunh ? lookit that tit man , she 's begging for it ! at the curb , a old crone hunchback she way in front of the teenage chick , who be come off the beach in a bikini , block she off . chi -c?xi ( look over ) whatta you crazy ? she 's 103 year6 old . not she stupido ! her .... camera revealing the teenager . tony ( the light change ) drive , willya . ( mock ) sure , sure . not to worry , tony -- you get a heart attack . ( look in the rearview mirror ) &amp ; gel , whatcha wear the face for ? angel ( tense , make light of it ) ah , it 's okay . I just y'know forget to make a offer . I be suppose to go by the madrina today . you still go to that cuncha ? `( xl continued # 02154 23 Rev. 11/22/82 32 continued 32 angel she know she shit . she talk to yemaya and chango like nobody y'ever hear . as he talk angel finger a negrita charm hang around ( xl I he neck -- chango , cod of Fire and Thunder , he black face tilt at a carnal angle . sharp tooth glint , he eye roll in orgasmic imagery , he head crown with gold . many of the marielitos in the film will be wear this , also pendant with a eye to ward off the evil spirit , red and white bead , red kerchief , black hand charm silver - bangle bracelet , etc. , all relate to they afko-catholic spiritualism . ( make fun ) yeah , chango look out for we , . angel ? ancel chango look out for all the ' bandidos ' everywhere . but you gotta pay he he due , y'know . you gotta let he know you respect he . you do not , chango -- he get piss a ' .... tony ( angry ) shaddup -- all of ya ! I tell ( xl hey , you before I do not go for that mystical voodoo shit . that 's for the old cunchas wave they rooster cock in some dark alley , there 's no god , there 's no chango -- nowhere ! you make you own luck . so shaddup and act like you be in the United States here . silence . through the windshield , the sign of a motel -- tbe SUN ray -- be come closer . ( X ) tony okay , this be it . pull over across the street . the motel be come closer in silence . tony ( to manny ) money stay in the trunk till I come out and get it . me. nobody else . if I be not out in fifteen minute , some - I be in room 9 . you thing 's wrong . ready , angelito ? continued 23-a # 02154 Rev. 11/22/82 32 contmue - 2 3 : , _.-- angel sure thing . . as manny pull the car up , they pull out Ingram model - 10 machine pistol with fold butt and suppressor , ten inch of kill power capable of fire 1100 round a minute -- it into a man 's purse , it 's in vogue . tony can be slip gettting out , to angel : tony let 's go .... CUT to # 02154 24 Rev. 11/2/82 ext . SUN - ray motel - day 33 33 tony and angel come slowly , gingerly down a exterior corridor to a room mark " 9 " . nodding to angel who ( xl remain in the stairwell with the Ingram machine pistol , tony knock . pause . 34 ext . toad be motel room - day 34 the door 's open casually by a ugly , squat five - foot-four - inch columbian , " the toad " . he 's in he forty , sport shirt hang over he polyester pants , old acne scar on he face , like Omar ; he 's good - nature , a nice guy , he smile . toad hey , oye amigo .... spread he arm in such a fashion to indicate he 's clean . 35 int . toad be motel room - day 35 tony , step into the conventionally tasteless orange and blue motel room ( with heavy blue drape block the window ) , spread he hand in a similar posture inducate he too be not carry ; but this be only symbolic , it 's not mean to be a body search . tony ( as he step in ) how you do amigo ...? the other person in the room be a tough -look little dark columbian chick with expressionless eye , red fingernails , and short boy - cut hair , " the lizard " ; she 's tinier than the toad , about five -two . the toad look around the corridor , ease the door close . tony ( check out the room ) mind leave the door open so my brother know everything 's okay ... okay ? toad shrug and readjust , leave it open a few inch , the conversation clipped and nervous throughout the scene . ` to@ problem ... this be marta . sure , no continued # 00766 25 3 continued 35 tony hello , marta . she nod woodenly , stay across the room . behind she , the television set be on to the cable newswatch . the protagonist intermittently flick they eye to it , soothing the tension . toad I be hector .... pause . tony yeah . I be tony . so Omar say you be okay . toad yeah , Omar 's okay . tony you know Omar . toad Omar , yeah , I talk to he on the phone . tony okay .... toad okay ... so you get the money ? tony yeah , you get the stuff ? toad sure I get the stuff , but I do not get it right here with I . I get it close by . tony yeah well I do not get it either , I get it close by , too . toad where , in the parking lot ? tony how far 's you stuff ? no. tony pace back towards , the door casually , $ 0 check angel out .. . the lizard stare at he . .. continued # 00766 26 35 continued - 2 35 toad not far . pause . everthing seem okay . tony so what do we do , walk in and start over ? toad ( change6 subject } where you from ? tony 's eye check out the bathroom . tony what fuckin ' difference do it make where I be from ? toad I like to get to know who I do business with . it 's like he 's stalling for time . the lizard have make a move somewhere off - center andis now sit on the bed , coiled and always watch . tony you get to know I when you start do business and not fuck around , hector . toad hey I be just a friendly guy , maybe you do not .... tony okay , what 's the stall here ? you guy late or something ? 36 int . toad be motel room - day 36 there 's suddenly a door slamm somewhere outside , then commotion . angel tony ! tony go for he cheap handgun when he hear a frightening female shriek , like a bird . continued # 02154 27 Rev. 11/2/82 3 6 continued 36 lizard ( slang Spanish ) do not ! get up ! now shithead ! she 's stand there with a .32 point steady at he , the eye like angry steel . there 's no mistake she ability to shoot . the toad pull a 9 mm out of the small of he back , approach tony . angel be shove into the room , follow by two more columbian , " the kid " . they slam the door , both carry uzis with silencer , neither of they higher than five - four ( xl or older than twenty , with they straight black indian hair cut across they blank eye , they look like hungry little pirranha careless about kill , mutter with the lizard in fast columbese slang . as toad strip the handgun from tony : tony frog face , you just fuck up . you steal from I , you be dead . toad shrug , he could not care less . toad yeah , okay , you gonna give I the cash or be I gonna kill you brother first ? ' fore I kill you ? tony try stick you head up you ass . see if it fit . toad , complete the body search , rip out the stiletto tape to the small of tony 's back . as he mutter something in hard columbian slang to the two kid who shove angel into the bathroom , produce strand of thick rope . even more worrisome be the chainsaw that the lizard now pull6 out of the suitcase under the bed . toad begin6 assemble it as lizard , still cover tonywith she gun , complete the deadpan process by turn up the volume on the television set . the news , not 50 ironically in Miami , be about a drug-relate triple-homicide . CUT to : ext . SUN -rry motel - day 37 37 chi- chi sit at the wheel of the sedan , park across the street . manny pace outside the car , glance . # 00766 28 38 ext . SUN - ray motel - day 38 a small woman -- the lizard -- step out in shadow in the parking lot of the sun- Ray across the street , look around , see nothing , casually go back in . 39 ext . SUN - ray motel - day 39 manny look at he watch . CUT to 40 int . toad be motel room - day 40 angel hang suspend on the rope from the top of the shower curtain bar , he leg straddle the edge of the bathtub . toad slap a tape over he mouth . tony , coverd by the two kid , watch from the lip of the bathroom . he buck angrily but the two kid ram they pistol up against he temple and pin he to the door . angel look at tony ; the eye between they steady . they be dead and they know it . toad , well - prepare , connect a voltage adapter and extension cord . toad ( to tony ) you watch what happen to you friend okay ? if you do not want this to happen to you , you get the money . lizard reenter the room , shake she head at the toad who nod and turn on the whirring machine . the toad smile amiably and angle the chainsaw slowly towards angel . the two kid press tight against tony , gun point at he brain ...o.c. we know what 's happen as we hear the chainsaw and we watch tony 's shock and rage . no expression lizard have on she face . the machine cut off . the toad step back from the tub , blood splatter on he shirt , examjn he first cut like a butcher . he glance at tony . toad now the leg , hunh ? continued # 00766 29 40 continued 40 a brief glimpse of angel slump by one arm like a cow on a strap , stream blood , eye conscious and horrify ; a terrifying sight . the chainsaw whirr once more . CUT to 41 ext . SUN - ray motel - day 41 manny , definitely suspect something now , move with Chi-Chi across the parking lot of the sun-ray Motel . they signal and separate . CUT to 42 int . toad be motel room - day 42 the toad turn off the chainsaw and step back , now drench with angel 's blood , totally unaffected . he look at tony . tony glance back at he with fury , tear involuntarily dotting he eye . toad okay , my ' caracortada ' , you can die too . make no difference to I . he nod . the kid shove tony forward and we glimpse angel lie hunkere at he foot in the bathtub , in the steam of he blood , piss dead . CUT to 43 ext . SUN - ray motel - day 43 manny move crouch down the exterior corridor , Ingram pistol in hand , past a older couple who pretend not to notice . at the door of room 9 , manny wait , listen .... CUT to 44 int . toad be motel room - ' day 44 the kid be start to strap tony up to the top of the shower . the lizard watch from the lip of the bathroom , impassively . toad last chance , carajo ? continued # 00766 30 44 continued tony , devastate , spit in he face . tony go fuck yourself . toad 's eye narrow meanly . kid one slap the tape across tony 's mouth . kid two reach up to tighten the overhead strap to tony 's wrist . the toad turn on he chainsaw when suddenly there 's a gunshot from the hall . 45 int . / ext . toad be motel room - day and the door smashes open and manny barrel through and shoot a surprised lizard as she raise she pistol . she crash backwards into the room , wounded . everything happen very fast now . manny be at the lip of the bathroom , he fire and hit kid one , who be turn , in the neck . tony , not tie up yet , spin on kid two and smashes the unloosen strap across he face , send he reeling across the bathroom . the toad , chainsaw in hand , slashes at manny . manny fire a burst into he and the toad crash backwards . manny now spin into a wall , hit in the side . the lizard , wounded on she knee , be fire she .32 at he . in b-g. , the window simultaneously blow out as Chi-Chi appear fire a burst with he Ingram . in sharp f-g. , the lizard crumple forward on she knee , foam blood . tony , with the tape still stick across he mouth , smashes kid two , pin against the blood-stain sink , with the stock of he own Ingram . in the midst of this , the toad jump up , wounded but with strength , he tear out the motel room door hysterical grip the whirring chainsaw in a reflex action . c0 nt1nued # 00766 31 45 continued 45 chi- chi climb through the window fire at he . meanwhile , kid two , with a rattlesnake life in he , produce a knife out of nowhere , just miss tony 's gut by a half - second as tony dance back , get a grip on the machine pistol . he blow kid two away point-blank , put another ten crater in the mirror of the now - wreck motel room . tony , yell , whirl after the toad . tony I get he ! manny , hold he side , empty he pistol on kid one who be still twitching . chi- chi see angel , gag . CUT to 46 ext . SUN - ray motel - day 46 the senior citizen , play mah - jorigg on the porch , mutter in astonishment . as the toad stagger out into the parking lot , blood fly , chainsaw in hand , move like a jerky chicken . they eye follow . as tony come out , walk after he deliberately , eye set in cold fury , machine gun swinging loosely at he side . there 's no rush , no fear of the police , get even be all that count . he stand behind the toad . tony ( Spanish ) your'turn , cabron !... the toad whip around to the voice , eye stark with terror . tony empty the clip into the toad , blow hiin apart . the bystander just stare , stunne by the ferocity . then a old lady faint . the toad 's body lie awkwardly arched in the gutter , tony turn and with a pass disinterested glimpse at he audience , calmly walk back into the motel ; the distance and the light sufficient to conceal tony 's possible identi - fication . CUT to ' # 02154 32 Rev. u/16/82 47 SUN -ray motel - day ext . 47 tony intersect hold side , manny , he with Chi-Chi . tony manny , you okay ? manny nod . tony chi - chi , get the car . fast ! chi - chi Si ! ( xl 48 int . toad be motel room 48 tony stride into the shamble of room 9 , past the body and bust furniture to the suitcase on the bed from which the lizard pull the chainsaw . the tv news still play in the corner . stack of.cocaine . Inside be several kilo - size he shut the suitcase , exit , stop , look in the bathroom at the corpse of angel o.c . he go , stoops , bring angel 's Change charm into we view , finger it , toss it back in the tub . he go . CUT to 49 ext . SUN - ray motel - day 49 chi- chi have the sedan wait in the parking lot . tony hurry out , jump in , the car speed off . ( pisalo hasta ( XI la tabla -- step on it . ) past the senior citizen who be retreate inside they room . the camera swinging to hold on the blue and black monte Carlo disappear into the traffic of the Strip as twb cop car come scream past they from the opposite direction . CUT to 50 ext . little havana restauwwt - phone booth - dusk 50 the booth be in the busy parking lot , tony on the phone , chi- chi and manny wait in the sedan . tony yeah , bunch of cowboy !.. somebody fuck up Omar . continued # 02154 33 Rev. 11/22/82 ( xl - 50 continued 50 omar ' 's voice ( shake ) look , let I check it out right away ! tony you do that , Omar , you do that . omar' voice you get the money ? tony i yeah -- - I get the yeyo . and omar' voice you get the yeyo ? bring it here . tony e'uck you . I be take it to the boss myself . not you . me. - omar 's voice okay , okay . all right . Frank 's gonna wanna see you anyway . look , meet I tonight at hector 's at eight . tony hey Omar .... omar' voice yeah ? tony that be some pick up you send we on . pause . omar' voice what 's that mean ? tony hang up , walk back to the sedan . CUT to 51 51 ext . LOPEZ condo - south miami - night on bricknell Avenue in a swank high - rise district adjacent coconut Grove and coral gable , the hub of South Miami .... the doorman show Omar , manny , he . side bandage , and tony , carry the suitcase , through giant glass portal , past seriously armed security cop in the lobby . # 02154 34 Rev. l/18/83 int . LOPEZ condo - night 52 52 a deluxe apartment with the latest in electronic security and surveillance , and a profusion of mirror and luxury item ... and a hefty , indian-look bodyguard ( Ernie ) , eye quietly train like a doberman pinscher . the boss , Frank Lopez , come down a carpete corridor , dress for dinner in a expensive suit and shoe , somewhat preoccupy as he greet tony , then Max - my with a phony effusion of warmth . he 's of Cuban - jewish extraction , now americanize in a rough and handsome sort of way , on the heavy side , the face go slightly soft , but the eye and bulk carry a odor of danger about he . LOPEZ how ya do , tony ? glad to meet you . how ' bout a drink ? tony Mr. Lopez ... real pleasure . LOPEZ call I Frank , tony . everybody call I Frank . my Little League team , even the prosecutor ' round town , they all call I Frank . tony okay Frank . Frank shake hand with manny . LOPEZ howya do ? ( awed ) .. Fine yeah . tony Ray , he be with we on the manny job . LOPEZ ( to manny ) ( xl I hear you catch one ? manny shrug , work he arm , show we the wound do not ( xl bother he too much . continued # 02154 34-a Rev. l/38/83 52 c0 nt1nued 52 ( xl just the flesh . go right through . LOPEZ ( xl ( head for the bar ) yeah , Omar here tell I good thing about you boy . continued # 02154 35 2nd Rev. 11/22/82 52 continued 52 .- tony ( glance at Omar ) yeah . Omar 's terrific . LOPEZ not to mention of course the nice job you guy do for I on that commie sonufabitch emilio rebenga . tony you do not have to mention it . that be fun . LOPEZ ( smile , like the kid 's ball ) scotch ? gin? rum ? tony gin 's fine . LOPEZ ( pour ) yeah , . I need a guy with steel in he ball . I need he close to , I , a guy like you tony -- and you compadre here . tony yeah .. . well . still a little overwhelm by the opulence of the place , he clothes feel narrow and cheap on he , tony step forward and put the suitcase up on the bar with the gin , which Lopez pass to he , eyeing the suitcase . tony two key . . that 's i t . that ' 's the angel die `cause of this shit . and here 's the money . ( produce the money ) it 's my gift to you -- from I . ( xl pause . Lopez shake he head , sigh . LOPEZ it 's too bad about you friend , tony , if people would do business the right way , there would be no fuckup like this .... he glance hard at Omar who squirm . continued # 02154 36 Rev. l/18/83 52 continued - 2 52 without open it , Lopez signal the bodyguard who take the suitcase and the money from under tony 's nose . LOPEZ do not think I do not appreciate this gesture , tony . you find in this business , you stay loyal you move up and you move up fast . salud ! they drink the toast . with they eye . LOPEZ then you find out you biggest head - ache 's not bring in the stuff but figure out what to do with all the goddamn cash . ( drink ) tony yeah , I hope I have that , problem some day . Lopez look , distract . , down the corridor from which he come , to Ernie , the bodyguard . LOPEZ where the hell 's elirira ? go get she , will you , Ernie ? the big bodyguard exit smoothly . LOPEZ ( to the other ) the broad spend half she life dress , the other half undress . tony I guess you gotta catch she in the middle , hunh ? / Lopez laugh . LOPEZ yeah . when she 's not look .- what do you say guy , to a little food ? ( finish he drink at he impatient pace ) tony yeah sure , I could eat a horse . ernie here she come , Mr. Lopez . # 02154 37 1x1 Rev. i/10/83 53 tony 53 look up , he eye tumble on the most beautiful blonde he 's ever see . the lady , be come down the glass - in elevator , adjust she $ 10,000 yves St. Laurent burgundy dinner dress . alternative LOPEZ LOPEZ oooh sweetheart , you look where you be baby , it 's like a million buck . ten o'clock , I be hungry . she do not answer , she eye elvira flick disinterestedly you be always hungry , you over tony and manny , know should try starve . what the evening 's go to be and not too happy about Lopez laugh . it . LOPEZ - I want you to meet a friend of mine . tony Montana ... elvira ... manny ribera . elvira hello . tony uh...hi . ( equally impressed ) yeah , hi . elvira I assume we be go to be a fivesome . where be we have dinner ? frank oh , I think we would eat at the Babylon . - 1 elvira again ? if anyone want to assassinate you , you would not be too hard to find . ( come toward she , laugh ) I ? who would want to kill I ? I get nothing but friend . continued # 02154 38 Rev. l/18/83 53 continued _- 53 elvira you never know , do you ? maybe the catcher on you Little League team . neatly avoid he intend smooch , she slip by he ( xl towards the door , she throat flash a $ 20,000 strip of jewelry . elvira come on , Frank , let 's go . track a cool , polished hauteur , she exit the apartment . a Lopez , after pause , snap at he man . LOPEZ let 's go . okay , CUT to 54 ext . the babylon club - nigxt 54 . we know this be no workingman 's dive when Lopez pile they out of he roll , and the carhop be move bugattis , lamberghinis and cornich in a long snake line down the driveway . single girl in high - collare silver lame jumpsuit with cinched waist , prowl like big glisten tent back and forth across the entry door , rich young coiff playboy in they porsch honk they horn in appreciation . Brain drain . 55 int . babylon club - night 55 the interior be build like three or four plush apartment that run together on three separate level with imaginative angle , mirror , swim pool , bar , twenty - piece band , hundred of tropical plant , dance floor , video game , computer and a restaurant . itr a lavish fun spot that will play a central role in the film , a drug dealer haven and nighttime capital of South America . the crowd , a combination of caucasian and Latin , be mostly young , rich and happy and a lot of they coke ; the girl , upperclass in sleek dress , trim figure , heel , hat , sensuous body , yell as they dance to a black american " party down tonight " .... music beat , " celebrate " or continued # 00766 39 55 continued 55 the waitress , mostly blond , wear little coca channel hat pin to they head and the barest pants with hose and high heel . Rich young guy with a lot of gold and diamond on they neck and hand huddle briefly in group or chat . down at the vid game be young chick in jeans and tough - look tank top with " motherfuckah " and " fuck I " write on they . manny 's come from the toilet , try to pick one of they up . .lyanny so whaddaya say , hunh ? he flash he tongue . she look at he , amused . chick you get a buck ? sure I get a buck , whaddaya think I be , poor ? chick ( indicate the machine ) put it in , let 's play . I - have other thing in mind . chick you check out on this and we will talk about other thing . ( look off , concerned , then confront the complex machine } puck , how do you play this thing ? CUT to 56 56 int . babylon club Frank Lopez , intoxicate , take he heart pill with a slug of champagne . he sit next to tony , who be agog at all this wealth . elvira be in con - Omar and Ernie look on . they ' be versation with a girl friend who have stop by . sit at the best table in the place , finish up a giant meal . the empty spot belong to manny . continued # 02154 40 Rev. ( xl 12/9/82 56 continued 56 r- LOPEZ ( to tony ) -- . * - over there that 's ronnie echeverria . him and he brother miguel they get a big distribution set - up here to Houston and Tucson .... they point of view -- ronnie echevarria , powerful , competent - look man in conversation with a party of people . LOPEZ that guy there , in the purple shirt -- gaspar Gomez . bad news . Stone killer there ever be one . stay away . they point of view -- gaspar Gomez at a table with another guy and gorgeous woman . LOPEZ ... the fat guy , with the chica be nacho contreras -- El gordo . would not know it to look at he but he 's get more cash than anybody in here . a real haza .... they point of view -- El gordo be fat , dress like a cheap slob and play up to a bunch of chica . LOPEZ . .. you know what a haza be , tony ? tony ' haza ' ? no Frank , what 's a haza ? LOPEZ it 's yiddish for pig . it 's a guy he 's get more and what he need , so he do not fly straight anymore , y'know . that 's the problem in this business , tony , there 's too many ' hazas ' and they be the one you get to watch out for . if they can fuck you outta a extra dime , they will rip you and flip you and then fuck you with a stick for the pure pleasure of it . see it all come down to one thing , tony boy , never forget it ! lesson number one -- do not under - estimate the other guy 's greed . elvira lesson number two -- do not get high on you own supply . continueid # 02154 40 -a Rev. 12/9/82 56 contmue '- 2 56 the girl friend have depart and elvira turn she attention '\ back to they , bored . LOPEZ that 's right . course not everybody follow the rule . ( eyeing elvira ) head waiter there you go , Mr. Lopez . he 's pop the champagne cork and pour dom perignon for Lopez . LOPEZ head waiter nod . LOPEZ give it to everybody and bring another , willya Jack ? ( to tony ) five hundred fifty dollar for this bottle tony , what do you think of that , hunh ? for a bunch of fuck grape -- be not that something ? continued # 00766 41 56 continued - 2 56 elvia ( to tony ) in France , it cost $ 100 but do not tell anybody in Miami . tony catch she eye . she look interested . away , int . babylon club - night 57 57 a man pass the table . Lopez call out . LOPEZ hey , George -- buddy . hey , Frank .. - how 's the case come ? the man 's eye thread the table . he look sharp , heavy - lidd , cigarette -ey , he voice a hoarse croak , a cigar - ette dangle from he mouth , he manner cool but amicable with Lopez . this be George Sheffield , Miami lawyer . LOPEZ oy , I shoulda come to you ' stead of that putz , neufeld . sheffield Jack 's a good lawyer . I teach he everything he know . LOPEZ yeah , almost everything . sheffield ( to elvira ) elvira , you look terrific ... ( to all ) enjoy . yourselves . he amble off . LOPEZ I . . best goddamn lawyer in Miami . cost a brick to pick up a phone . tony look off at he , remember it . LOPEZ he . ( raise champagne glass ) so .. .here 's to old friend ... and new friend . continued . # 02154 42 Rev. 11/22/82 57 continued 57 they toast , tony taste it like it be Holy Water . LOPEZ well , tony ? tony hey , yeah , you be not kid , this be good stuff , Frank . check . Lopez laugh , like the kid , tweak he on the LOPEZ ( check tony '6 thread ) yeah , get you some new clothes , some $ 500 suit , you will look real sharp . I would like you and you boy to handle some stuff for I , tony , work with Omar here . we be do something big next month . running a string of mule out of Columbia . you do good on that , there will be other thing . away . Omar do not like it but glance tony hey , that sound like fun , Frank . thanks . the music shift to slow dance . elvira away ( wave cigar smoke ) so , you want to dance , Frank or you want to sit here and have a heart attack ? LOPEZ I would rather have a heart he - dance ? attack . continued # 00766 43 57 continued - 2 57 elvira ( rise ) do not foam into the dom perignon . glancing at Omar , sit there obediently . her eye say forget it . elvira ( to tony ) how about you ? nod sure , look tony at he boss . LOPEZ ( wave ) go on ! they go . 58 int . babylon club - night 58 it 's interesting to watch tony walk to the floor , lead elvira . it 's not so much a act of walk as it be a act of war , a tank bounce anything or anybody off that get in the way . be just proceed in a straight dead line , eye forward . it 's not that he do not see the people he bump off , it 's that he could not care less . -: LOPEZ ( to Omar ) what do you think ? omar I think he 's a fuck peasant . LOPEZ yeah -- but you get guy like that on you side , they break they back for you . CUT to 59 int . babylon club dance floor - night 59 tony and elvira be dance semiclose to a slow billy Joel dance tune . be 's no great shake as a dancer , leaden in the leg and shoulder . tony ... so what 's you name , elvira what ? cuntinue33 # 02154 44 2nd Rev. 11/22/82 ( xl 59 continued 59 elvim St. James . tony elvira St. James . sound like a nun or something . so where you from ? he bump into a elderly couple dance , ignore they . elvira Baltimore .... tony Baltimore ? where 's that ? elvira look , it do not really matter . I be get a headache . tony just try to be friendly . elvira I have get enough friend -- and I do not need another one , 'specially one who just get off the banana boat . he make a point of look at she . tony hey , I do not come over on no banana boat . I be a political refugee here . elvira oh , part of the Cuban crime wave ? tony , piss , bang once more into the elderly couple . the man stop dance , look at he exasperate but tony do not see . tony whatta you talk crazy for , whatsa matter with . you ? elvira ( interrupt ) .. . I be sorry . I do not know you be so sensitive about you diplo - matic status . continued # 02154 45 and 46 2nd Rev. 11/22/82 ( X ) 59 continued - 2 59 tony ... why you get this beef against the world ? you get a nice face , you get great leg , you get the fancy clothes and you get this look in you eye like you have not be fuck good in a year . what 's the problem , baby ? elvira laugh at he , furious . elvira you know you be even stupider than you look . let I give you a crash course , Jose whatever you name be , so you know what you be do around here . tony ( interrupt ) now you be talk to I , baby ! elvira first who , where , why and how I fuck be none of you business , second do not call I ' baby , ' I be not you baby and last , even if I be blind , desperate , starve and begging for it on a desert island , you would be the last thing I would ever fuck . you get the picture now -- so fuck off . . tony thataway . hey , she whip off the floor , piss . he watch she , amused . CUT to 60 60 through omitted thmy 62 62 # 02154 47 through 51 Rev. l/18/83 63 i&amp ;it . car-dawn 63 ( X ) tony and manny drive home in the break down monte Carlo -- sedan through the street of Little Havana . they have ' be party all night , clothes rumple , tony ( X ) smoking he cigar , feel good . tony that chick he 's with ... she love I . ( drive ) oh yeah , how you know that ? tony the eye , manny -- they do not lie . you be serious ? tony , that 's Lopez ' 6 lady . he will kill we . tony what be you kid -- he 's soft . I see it in he face -- booze and a cuncha tell he what to do . pause . .~ 63-a 63- a and omitted and 64 64 ( xl CUT to 65 ext . tony's mother' house - southwest miami - late day 65 the house , bath by a torpid set sun amicable to lizard and Spanish moss , sit undistinguished and without shield tree in the midst of a lower middle class neighborhood with look - alike yard and street without people . . 66 int . tony's cadillac sedan - simultaneous day 66 from he batter monte Carlo across the curb , tony , spruce up and nervous in a new suit , get out carry a bag of gift . manny be at the wheel , curious . tony be back in a hour okay . continued 64 -$ the new Miami be rise ubiquitously - above siscayne say , the camera move ? ast blossomina skpcranr , workzen , huge crane , glass , mlrchrc boo&amp ; q unward into a beautiful blue Florida sky , fleece - &amp ;th wrfectly white - cloud ... past a giant billboard : --- f.- .a .* .-- a - -. cop talk to we ... at the l3axco do xl%xi .. . today ! past bank of glass ( caribank , ranco de Venezuela , amerifirst ) .. , insert a car sticker , - oincr by with the image of the american flag and the rem&amp ; &amp ; x : *@ will the last amrican leave Miami please bring the flag ? '* tony and Z-lanny , ' on a shoppirg szree , sop along a incredibly wxurious shopping mall line with the latest store , fashion , escalator , music , tropical plant , etc -- a w3rm womb-like plastic heaven . . tony . . .. i. shoulda be here io vear ace man . this town 's like a fig pussy dyin ' to $ 5 fuck , parabise , rr.an , saradisef I : coulda be a millionaire now . get xy 3wn golf coxsp , a boat ... mhi I want 2 line of bluejean vith .?ry name on the - chick * ass . tony . .. yeah have gotta make sore move on we own xanny , we never gcnna score the i3ig xoney vorking for Frank . frankv okay . tony yeah -- cause he busy you a suit ? you thinkin ' like a chicker , h , ead again - - a -- mnny frank* = get a.n organization tow organizaticn ? I get more brain than Omar and he 's bigger than ~ tc , that 's not a organization . that be a disorganization . pihat do you do for a brain man ? piss in it ? ' ' , . . . 48 . . . fuck you , somebody oughta shoot youi fut you outta , you misery . .( see something ) ;c hey catch this tomato :Z .l . . .. , a catch the eye of one of two young Girls pass , manny primp for they . . ooooh baby doll * ( see note ) tony yeah , what do you girl say ? you manna have some ice cream with we somewhere ? . they glance at tony and nanny and hti&amp;ry on , . tony wave she off , thenchange he mind and run up behind she and throw up she skirt and peek at she ass . before she can react , he hop away laugh as the two Cuban girl ad-lib Spanish expletive at he . . hey that 's not cool , man . you war - mar score one of this chick , watch xw=. nira ! '' :- he wiggle he tongue up and down , fast like a small whirring motor part , then slip it back into he mouth in the -- flick of a eye . tony !.. the fuck be that ? I . maw you do not see it ? you be not look . Key you gotta watch for it . . do it again , quickly ; it look like a baby robin 's head peek out of a nest in he tooth , then it 's go . . tony what the hell 's that for -- eat bug ? that 's disgustin ' , you think so hunh ? xell you do know shit * bout chick chico . when . they go they see this , they kno ?~. . . they do not resist I . crazy . 49 . - . . do it again . tony try but lack the speed and agility , for _~ provoking na~y *s laughter . manny double check himself in _ ..r Jr a shop window . - l. - * &amp ; be .l e . - it again ) take practice , mis sengre , but they - just love it when you flop that pussy with it .... . tony ' oooh . ..com ! how * bout that one ? . point to a tall , cool blonde across the avenue . manny no problem . . ext .. kia , ?-c shopfiisg STREET - day . tony vale right out into the- aitenuc , a +.< cking < b= " " a= " " and= " " angrily = " " arm= " " but= " " cars= " " could n't= " " give " " he= " " his= " " honk= " " out= " " shit .= " " stopping= " " traffic . = " " > . tony , </ cking >