scary storues to tell in the dark written by Kevin & Dan hageman Story by guillermo Del toro base on scary story to tell in the Dark by Alvin schwartz illustration by Stephen gammell 11.2.17 draft " some town have a curse . some town have a witch . mill Valley , have both . but which one be which ? " popular rhyme ii . ext . mill valley - establishing - dusk settle on a fork of the yamhill River in the Pacific Northwest rest the small railway city of mill valley . all be quiet , save for the clack of a lone train . series of open shot of a town in decline : on MAIN STREET outside mill valley pawn shop , a old timer lower the american flag . a record shop next door be already boarded up . Super : mill valley , oct 31st , 1968 . a disk jockey who sound like he be battle throat cancer , cut through the doleful monotony of americana -- disk jockey ( v.0o . ) dig yourself out of the grave , mill Valley , ' cause this could be we last Halloween ... on house a mother place a jack-o-lantern on she porch -- then see she '' vote nixon ' 68 '' yard sign have be vandalize . the ' x’ have be turn into a swastika . mortify , she remove it . on unfinished overpass construction worker laugh as they pack up for the day beneath a unfinish sprawling raised highway . disk jockey ( v.o. ) ... when that giant monstrosity be finally build , they may as well turn the knife , cause the rest of the world be gonna pass we by ... a sullen man with the name oren embroider on he coverall , drift away from the pack to load he tool in he pick -up . on graveyard stella michael ( 15 ) , meek with thick black specs that be easy to hide behind , read a book ( true grit , portis ) while take a bite of a sandwich in front of a gravestone on the anniversary of she mother 's death . dinah B. michael Apr 8 1921 - Oct 31 1958 . disk jockey ( v.o. ) but you get I . to say what I wanna say , and play what I wanna play ... the Sun set --- stella use a early polaroid camera to photograph a stone skull on a gravestone , then grab she bike to leave . disk jockey ( v.0o . ) so you be careful out there tonight - cause when the sun go down ... it 's the season of the witch . a plucky guitar riff begin . it 's couple with a bluesy bass line . the slow groove of donovan 's '' season of the witch '' as we continue we open sequence : on neighborhood STREET - halloween night Cowboys , princess and pirate collect they annual haul of sweet on a suburban street from a bygone era . a close cinema : on its dilapidate marquee a crumble sign announce th heart be a onely hunt R. the cinema may be close , but the street be alive : Children keep they candy bag close as -- a 68 's blue bonneville sulk down the street like a shark on the prowl . kurt milner ( 18 ) drive with a sucker in he mouth . his car fill with letterman chugge schlitz , look for trouble . donovan 's swagger - fill lyric kick in -- donovan '' when I look out my window ... many sight to see .... '' deputy hobb ( 20 ) look out the window of he idle patrol cruiser . as he pet he dog trigger , he motion to kurt to keep it move . they do . in steinberg household - live room / lowborn bathroom the steinbergs ( marry , bored , he yawn , she , sewing a costume ) watch tv . on it : Nixon . nixon ( on tv ) I will take only a minute . I hada very good briefing by Secretary Rusk this morning up at New York . ( more ) nixon ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) and then I just go over and have a half hour with the General and he 's - it 's the longest visit he have . he just look great . alice steinberg ( 17 ) cruise by in a slip and she bouffant already do up , carry swath of fabric . she head upstairs and go by -- the bathroom -- then do a double take , retrace she step : there . kneel before the toilet , be chuck steinberg ( 14 ) , a scamp with a large mouth that look ill- place on he unusually - small body alice what the hell be you do ? the answer ? he 's angle for a turd with a small aquarium fish net . chuck Little privacy please ! Chuck slam the bathroom door in he sister 's face . donovan '' and when I look in my window ... so many different people to be . '' in hilderbrandt household - upper -middle CLASS live room auggie hilderbrandt ( 15 ) , excessively tall with long hair and a mopey face , don a pierrot costume with black button - ball down a white , silk front . auggie Mom . it 's fine . mrs . hilderbrandt it 's loose in the crotch . he bury he mortification as she measure he inseam and stick he with pin . in michael household - cluttered live room oren michael , the sullen man from the construction site , pop open another beer and stare at a tv that be not on . stella mournfully glance from the threshold of the bathroom , fresh out of the shower and wrap in a towel . she shut the door . her father pay no attention . in michael bathroom a drawer be open . stella 's hand dig through the clutter to expose -- a straight razor glean under a mishmash of makeup . stella stare into the mirror . her body be gaunt , almost skeletal . a sadness in she eye . donovan '' that it 's strange ... so strange . '' she lift she chin , then -- slit she throat , with a line of black face paint . the beginning of a Halloween costume . on morale paint -chipped home a beat -up corvair monza park in front of a destitute home . in morale live room mrs . morale watch tv ( news about the first manned Moon orbit flight ) in the dark with she husband , who be hide by he recliner . a light cigarette in a crowded ashtray . ramon morale ( 18 ) , a young man with hard - knock look and a disappointed demeanor , drop off vial of prescription pill . his mother smile , but something inside she die year ago . his father never turn . the soft glow of the television illuminate disfigurement too disturbing to look at . in steinberg kitchen mrs . steinberg shuck peas as Alice craft she own dress on a second -hand sewing machine . chuck ( 0.c. ) I say spiderman . not a spider man . Chuck , embarrassed to be dress in a silly four - armed spider costume , beeline to the fridge to see what he can scavenge -- it 's bare , save for some day - old bread and a carton of egg . mrs . steinberg spider have eight leg - chuck he do not - I give you the comic book ! he show she a dynamic cover of spiderman swinging between building . chuck ( cont 'd ) he 's a superhero , not a freak ! mrs . steinberg well , the superhero should be happy the Lord provide . alice be not you too old to be trick or treat ? Chuck spot a clown tapping outside the kitchen window . chuck be not you too ugly to be go on a date ? -- auggie 's here , gotta run . Alice lunge to throttle she little brother . Chuck swipe the carton of egg and run off . Mom continue to shuck , unfaze . donovan '' you have get to pick up every stitch ... you have get to pick up every stitch ... " on steinberg backyard Chuck exit haul a backpack , to meet a wait auggie -- auggie I think you be gonna be spiderman . chuck I be . auggie ( point at the arm ) but the - chuck do not worry about it . I get the goods . let 's banana split . auggie ( leer through window ) be Alice get dress ? chuck get you own sister , you giant perv . off they hopping on they bike and riding away -- donovan '' you have get to pick up every stitch . mmhmmm ... " in michael bathroom stella put the finish touch on she face paint and step back to inspect she work -- donovan ( cont 'd ) '' must be the season of the witch . '' stella be unrecognizable . a near photo-realistic skull cover she face . her exquisite paint job be a labor of love . confident -- she put on she glass and turn off the light . scary stories to tell in the dark as '' season of the witch '' fade out ... darkness persist ... a uncomfortable long moment ... Long enough to be unnerve ... and then smash to -- ext . neighborhood STREET - hour later a bespectacle skeleton , a pierrot , and a spider man drag they pillowcase half - fill with candy and armament . Chuck eye a slow pass car as auggie smoke a joint . auggie «+ . I be just say , if anything , a spider man should have eight arm , not four . chuck at least I be not a clown . auggie I be a pierrot . a 17th century character from La commedia dell ’arte , idiot stick . stella see porch light beginning to turn off . stella he 's not gonna show . auggie he will show . Dick breath do it every year and this time it 's 1ll be he last . chuck well if he do not , maybe next year you can carry the bag of shit . Chuck empty the last of he good not plentys into he mouth . auggie do you even know what 's in that ? chuck what be you now , the man ? auggie the same toxic chemical that 's give we troops hodgkin 's lymphoma and curdle the breast milk of the South vietnamese . stella you be crazy . auggie not crazy . conscious . ( pass joint to stella ) you sure you do not want any ? Cause you be creep we out with this whole skeleton thing . she wave it off . chuck yeah , pretty tragic consider it 's the anniversary you mom 's death . auggie ( annoyed at Chuck ) dude . Chuck realize he poor choice of word and backpedal -- chuck I be ... sorry . I do not -- stella go solemn , but shirk it off . stella it 's fine . gimme that -- stella grab the joint . before she take a drag -- os engine of a ' 68 bonneville . chuck shit ! it 's kurt -- auggie ( lower clown mask ) cover you face , stupid . and hold out the bait . Chuck don he disguise , act as if this be some kind of heist . inside ' 68 bonneville kurt laugh with he kind , throw beer can out the window . in the backseat -- Alice be all do up for she date , wedge between two letterman . she swat they unwanted advance . alice ( to kurt , annoyed ) you say we would have dinner . kurt 's eye narrow as he spot the back of some trick - or - treater all alone . kurt how ' bout dessert ? he hit the gas . his flattop buddy cackle and lean out the passenger window , prepping to snare the candy bag -- as they blow past , he rip the bag from Chuck 's hand . they all laugh . flattop open the pillowcase only to find -- flattop it 's full of old man undy ! enrage , kurt slam on the brake . on stella and friend they unload a slew of egg and toilet paper , pelting the car . chuck trick or treat , mother fucker ! on ' 68 bonneville as the bonneville take on a barrage of egg yolk and teepee , kurt angrily shift the car into reverse , full speed . on stella and friend they hold they ground , not afraid to exhaust every bit of they stash . payback for year of be pick on . Chuck proudly light he brown paper bag of shit on fire . chuck ( cont 'd ) and now for the poup d’etat ... as the bonneville return for a second pass , Chuck toss it - - throw it right into they window . inside ' 68 bonneville the bag explode on kurt 's lap . Alice shriek . he frantically swat the flame and manure , forget to hit the brake . the bonneville surge backward , out of control -- flattop the brake ! the brake ! on stella and friend they beam in victory -- -- only to see the bonneville crash into a tree . they smile drop , suddenly concerned by the inevitable fallout . auggie ah shit ! chuck let 's cheese it ! as they be run away -- on crashed ' 68 bonneville shit-stain kurt and he croney pile out of the car . Alice see she four-arm brother run away . alice chucky ? be that you ?! kurt that 's you brother ?! I be gonna murder they !! 10 . kurt and he friend grab baseball bat and chase after . Alice stay with the car , she arm fold . on stella and her friend , running auggie you sister go out with that dickhead ? chuck so much for we cover . let 's split up . better odd only one of we die . stella meet up at the gorge . auggie catch ' ya later . stella not if you catch a disease first . they splinter off , cut through backyard . kurt and the letterman stay as a pack , target Chuck . on chuck Chuck see the heat be on he and silently curse , all four arm pump in stride . he head for the wood . on kurt and letterman run into the wood , search in all direction . flattop find -- the spider man costume . they fan out . outskirt of suburb shiver , Chuck exit the wood in he tightey - whitey . he catch he breath , then spot off in the distance -- the gorge cinema a drive - in nestle in a natural basin on the waterfront . a line of 60 - era car wait to get inside . at line of car Chuck meet stella and auggie , ducking behind car , try to stay undetected by the letterman scan the area . 11. they hide behind a corvair monza , blaring '' Little Green apple '' auggie you be in you underwear . chuck I be still not a clown . stella shush they . then be surprised to see the trunk of the corvair pop open . a voice from the driver -- ramon ( 0.c . ) you be act like it 's you first time . she spot Ramon , vaguely recognize he . Chuck and auggie act first , hopping inside . stella follow in after . ramén pull into the drive - in , past a marquee that read : '' boris karloff black sabbath '' . pay he ticket for one . kurt and the letterman lose the scent and move on . int . the gorge drive - in -- later the staring , grinning face of a dead woman !! in gory technicolor . a smatter of car idly face a tower outdoor screen show the horror flick . pipe organ swell through every hang car window speaker , as the small audience scarf popcorn or take part in the usual immoral behavior . in the corvair monza as ramén watch the movie -- Chuck climb out of the retractable back seat , put on a oversize military tee . chuck mind if I borrow this fatigue I find in you trunk ? I see they be in a box mark for goodwill . ramon have at it . stella and auggie pull themselves out , adrenaline still pump through they vein . stella that be amazing . 12. chuck do ’ju see the look on they face ? auggie all I see be you sister 's tit . ramén look at auggie in he rear-view mirror , unsure of what exactly he be look at . auggie ( cont 'd ) «.. I be a pierrot . stella pull herself into the passenger seat . wiping she face paint off . stella thanks . we owe you . ( be : movie ) Black sabbath ... a good one . mario bava - he 's real good - auggie mario , what ? stella bava . italian . he 's do great movie - Black Sunday - ramon should have be here last week when they play the conqueror Worm . stella ( Vincent price impression ) '' Men sometimes have strange motive for the thing they do . '' ram6 én smile upon meeting a kindre spirit . ramon ramén . stella blushes , then turn she attention to the movie , push up she glass to see better . ramén feel diss . chuck her name be stella . I be Chuck , and this be auggie . stella see the name ' morale 's on Chuck 's military attire . stella hey , be not you dad that war hero who just move in ? ( more ) 13 . stella ( cont 'd ) people say he jump on a grenade and live . ( morbidly fascinate ) do he like , still have he finger and toe and stuff ? ramén be take aback by she bluntness . ramon not all of they ... auggie forgive she . she 's strange . Chuck see something out the window and duck - chuck Dick breath alert . he 's come in . at concession stand the bang - up bonneville pull into the drive - in . kurt get out and talk to a few letterman , motion to the vicinity . Alice be offer a bucket of popcorn , but from she cross arm , she clearly do not want anything to do with this . they spread out to widen the search , peek into car . in corvair monza as kurt and the letterman get closer -- ramon back in the trunk . stella and Chuck be quick to take refuge but auggie revolt . auggie no way that 's a trunk , at best it 's a large glove box . ramon ( hand over blanket ) it 's you hide . auggie hide under a blanket as the other go into the trunk . stella ( 0.s. ) chuck ( 0.s. ) get you hand off my butt . I can not control they . ramon ssh. 14 . they quiet down and ramén play it cool . as they wait for kurt to search the neighbor car -- ramon ( cont 'd ) ( discrete to auggie ) what 's up with weirdo bird ? auggie peek out from under the blanket , keep he voice low and he sentence short . auggie who , stella ? ( beat ) her family move here about ten year ago . not long after , she mom be kill . she do not like to talk about it , but everyone pretty much know it be she dad that do it - ramén look shocked . auggie back pedal -- auggie ( cont 'd ) he do not kill she - not on like purpose . he be drunk . and drive . he swear it be someone else but no one really busy it . not even stell . this sit with ramén . he look at the trunk through the rear - view mirror , suddenly empathetic . -- a rap on the window startles they . auggie hide . ramén crank down he window to see kurt leer in . ramon soda and popcorn . extra butter . kurt ( sneer , then ) you would not happen to have see a spider , a clown , or a skinny bitch ? auggie see he clown shoe be peek out . he try to cover they but the blanket be too short . ramon now that you mention it ... no . but you will be the first to know . kurt check out ramén 's car and laugh , know full well he 's be play . behind he -- 15 . letterman gather , ready at he beckon call . kurt motion for they to hold off - he can handle it . kurt you get a smart mouth , amigo . i’1l let that slide . besides -- ( cut to the bone ) I feel bad for any war hero who have a hood for a son . ramén grip the wheel , restrain he better instinct . kurt ( cont ’d ) ( spot clown shoe ) I see you , shit stain ! get outta the car ! I bet that drunk 's girl be in there too ! ramon mind keep it down ? everyone 's try to watch a movie . kurt so you will not get outta the car . see that , fella ? mexican be not brown , they be yellow . ram6 én glance to see what he 's up against . it must be 5 to l . he stay seat , know the smart play . kurt ( cont 'd ) I say - get out of the car . spic . ramén bolt out of the car , angrily press he forehead against kurt 's , dare he to throw the first punch . just as the letterman be about to pounce -- the flash light from a sheriff cruiser . sheriff milner ( 5as ) , a once -strong lawman who 's grow weary from the trade , step out . he do not suffer fool gladly . sheriff milner leave it alone , kurt . kurt back away with he hand up , stare dagger at ramdén . kurt sorry dad , we be just leave . ramon ( return to car ) we be too , sheriff . 16 . the slight admission do not go unnotice by kurt . kurt you be all dead . sheriff milner enough . ram6 én drive off . Chuck pop up in the rear windshield , flick they off . kurt look to he father , like a sniveling tattle - tale . his father only return a look of disappointment . sheriff milner ( cont ’d ) go home . you smell like shit . off kurt 's disdain -- int . corvair monza - later ramén pull out of the drive - in . stella and she friend get settle into they seat . stella sorry you have to miss the movie . ramon I be sorry I miss whatever you do to piss off that ape . ( beat ) you may wanna hold off go home . I take it he know where you live ? chuck maybe we can crash at you place ? ramon I help enough . auggie we can lay low in the motel just outside of town ? chuck and pay for it with what -- Abba Zaba and lollipop ? stella you know ... ( mischievous ) the bellow House be empty . 17 . auggie and Chuck share a cautious look -- chuck yeah . they be tear it down to make way for the freeway later this week . no one 'il look for we there . auggie no way . we all know what happen to kid who go into the bellow House . ramon what happen to the kid ? chuck ( giddy ) he do not know . ramén look to stella , hope she will clear it up . stella ever want to check out a haunt house ?... hang a leave . off ramén 's grow curiosity , he take the next turn . ext . bellows estate - night - later the corvair monza park on a secluded dirt road . the grass have grow long . year of neglect , or perhaps avoidance . ramon ( gaze out window ) you really be not kid ... they step out of the car to see -- a unbuilt portion of a raised freeway . a fracture monolith of jag rebar and cement . the two side nearly touch . between the divide , on a hill ... a impose puritan manor on a sprawling , timeworn estate . Black rotted wood . a pair of prodigious masonry chimney . the brittle facade be paint with shadow , consume by rot , and strangle by overgrown foliage . chuck what better place to spend a Halloween night . muhahaha . Chuck cackle as he pass through a wringht - iron gate and cross a cobblestone bridge over a dry creek bed . 18 . stella and auggie slowly make they way . ramén linger . stella you come ? intrigue , ramén shut he door and follow they lead . ramon so who be the bellow ? stella some railway magnate who put mill Valley on the map . auggie it be just a settlement until they damme the river , allow this place to flourish . my mom say they be a pretty big deal back then . they pass a family plot . every single tombstone mark a death in 1921 . ramén double check to see if he see that right , then race to catch up with the other . ramon lemme guess - something horrible happen to they in 1921 ? stella and ramén join auggie onto the front porch where clay brick and wire line the house . ramon ( cont 'd ) you sure we want to go in there ? the place be line to explode . auggie that demo brick ? do not sweat it , it 's not like they be wire up . ( step over ) better watch you step . they gingerly walk past the explosive . at front door auggie slam he shoulder into the door a few time , when -- -- it swing open with Chuck inside , give they a scare ! chuck I get you ! auggie you do not . how do ’ju get inside ? 19 . chuck through a window and I totally do . auggie now I be gonna get you ! auggie chase Chuck -- int . foyer - bellows house - continuous -- through the foyer and up the bannister stair . the front door creak open , welcoming stella and ramén in with the moonlight . they take in the surroundings with reserve wonderment and caution -- what once be a luxurious mansion have now be pick clean of any valuable and deface over time : torn , water -stain wallpaper . miss floorboard . Broken and strewn article litter a floor already cover in layer of dust . ramon so what happen to the bellow ? stella run she finger down the wallpaper as she pass down the hall , transfix . ramén hang on she every word . stella they have a young daughter they never let out of the house . Sarah . as the story go , they never allow picture of she either . ram6 én pass a photograph of the bellows family still hang on the wall : a gaunt patriarch and matriarch with a thick green ribbon around she neck , surround by sturdy young man . stella ( cont 'd ) people say she be ... different . ramon how so ? stella like , she do not look right . have scoliosis and gigantism - or something . she be long and tall and sort of not right . but she have this gift , see ? a milkman once say he see she bring a dead rabbit back to life . ( more ) 20 . stella ( cont 'd ) she could touch a dead flower and make it bloom - but that 's just the town 's usual gossip . ramon nothing usual about that . ext . bellows estate - same time a car with letterman drive down the vacant road , pass the bellow front gate ... and spot the park corvair monza . they share a grin , then speed off . int . upstair - bellows estate - same time auggie reluctantly walk the hall in search of Chuck . auggie Chuck ?... Chuck ? he find a tear in the wallpaper , then take pleasure in peeling it for as long as he can , expose rotted panele . a intrusion of cockroach squeeze through a expose crack . disgust , he delicately tuck the wallpaper back . auggie ( cont 'd ) I know what you be try to do , you be not go to scare I . auggie cautiously move ahead , swallow he fear . int . library - bellows estate - moment later stella peruse bare bookshelve . a few moth - eat tome , but nothing worth salvage . as ramén take in the dreary room , she continue the bellow story -- stella but Sarah be lonely . so she would write this scary storey . and kid would come from all around just to hear she read . to make they extra scary , she would write they name into they . ramén see a break rock chair next to cleft toy strewn on the ground , and with she word , they take on new meaning . 21 . stella find a ornate music BOX on the shelf . she wind it up and it tinker a child - like lullaby . her gaze drift as she recollect the rest of the story . stella ( cont 'd ) but then the child start to go miss . everyone know it be she . ( beat ) when they could not find they , they expect to find the body on this estate , but none be find . and when the police come to question Sarah - she disappear . never to be see again . ramon what happen to she ? stella no one know . but a year later , in 1921 , every member of she family die from bizarre and unexplain death . ( beat ) some think it be the ghost of the murder child , other think it be Sarah herself , come back to punish she family for lock she up . ramon what do you think ? stella take a moment to choose she word carefully ... stella I think she just want to be like the other kid , but know she could never be like they . as for the rest , I guess we will never know . int . upstair master bedroom - bellows estate - same time Chuck tiptoe through the decrepit remain of what once be a extravagant master bedroom . auggie ( 0.s. ) Chuck ? if you jump out at I , I be go to punch you in the face . as auggie 's footstep be hear approach , Chuck quickly climb inside a large 18th century french armoire . 22 . inside armoire Chuck stifles a laugh and hide inside . creak - he peek out the open door . auggie walk past the bedroom , unsuspecting . auggie ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) «+ . Chuck ? Chuck seal himself into the darkness , try not to laugh . the sound of auggie 's footstep come back . creak - Chuck crack open the door again , only to see -- the entire bedroom be now vivid in color and texture . exquisite antiquity adorn the wall and cover the room . as if everything be suddenly restore to its 1921 condition . in startle awe , Chuck open the armoire further to witness -- a gaunt matriarch with a wide GREEN ribbon around she neck , lie sick in bed , ominously stare back . Chuck gasp and seal the armoire door . unable to catch he breath . heart pound . do he see what he think he see ? he go to peek again , when -- auggie throws open the door and yell ! scare Chuck white . auggie ( cont 'd ) I totally get you back ! Chuck hold he beat heart , regain he wit as he see the master bedroom have return to its decrepit state . chuck the room -- it be new -- and there be a woman -- on the bed . a green ribbon around she neck . auggie I know what you be try to do . I get you , and you can not admit it . chuck no , for real ... ramon ( 0.s. ) you guy ?! you gotta see this ... Chuck and auggie share a look . 23 . int . library - bellows estate - continuous Chuck and auggie enter the expansive library to find stella and ramén - with a alcaraz rug pull back , stand over -- a cellar hatch hide in the floor . the line of where a rug use to lay frame around it . a sliding bolt lock it . ramon it do not look like it 's ever be open . chuck maybe where they bury the body . stella stare at the hatch - only one way to find out . CUT to : black . the sound of the bolt unlock , and the hatch door open . moonlight flood in , revealing a old staircase and the four teens frame within the hatch open in wonderment . int . basement room - continuous ramén be brave enough to lead they down . he find a oil lamp , light a match to ignite it . a warm glow reveal -- a young girl 's bedroom keep preserve like a time capsule . Fine , deco furnishings . a vanity sink and mirror . a quilt bed cover in wear doll and dust . stella it 's Sarah 's bedroom ... ramon what kind of family would lock up they own daughter ? auggie this room 's for a little kid . I think Sarah be we age ? stella ( catch on ) she be ... but she body be the size of a adult -- larger even ... auggie pick up a antique effanbee doll . 24 . stella ( cont 'd ) her mind be simple -- maybe too simple . stella sit behind the vanity , try to imagine be in she place . personal item still perfectly place . she put on Sarah 's slipper . a perfect fit . disturb , she quickly remove she foot . stella ( cont 'd ) this be a real person . this be not fun anymore . auggie yeah . let 's get outta here . as soon as they head toward the stair -- boom !!! the hatch slam close . they scream ! auggie and ramén try to open it ! ramon someone lock we in ! chuck it 's the witch ! we 're all gonna die !!! auggie I can not open it ! but then - familiar laughter can be hear , come from -- in the library it 's Dick breath , hold a baseball bat , drunk and savore . behind he be Alice , she comely dress waste on the occasion . alice kurt , they be scared . let they out . in the basement room chuck Alice ?! be that you ?! auggie I nearly shit my clown pants . ramon you mean , pierrot . 25 . teens let we out !/ not cool ! / c’mon , kurt ! in the library Alice shiver , not like this place one bit . alice joke 's over . if you do not open it , I be go to tell you father . kurt 's sadistic laughter fade . kurt now why would you do that ? Alice be catch in he uncomfortable gaze . alice it 's my little brother . kurt take a pull from a flask . kurt Fine . go ahead . see he will not help , Alice heave open the hatch . but -- kurt kick she down onto the other , then lock the hatch . kurt ( cont 'd ) if you be not put out , you be no better than the other trash ! in the basement room Alice fall into auggie 's eager arm . in the library kurt wipe whisky from he sweaty grin . teens ( 0.s. ) you can not leave we here !/ they be gonna blow up the house ! kurt then I hope you find a way out . teens c'mon , joke over !/ let we out !/ you be subhuman , kurt ! suddenly , tinkering note come back to life -- 26 . kurt see the music BOX sit upon a derelict book shelf . he stare at the box , a bit spook . he downs he flask , then smashes it into piece with he baseball bat . ext . bellows estate - night - moment later kurt coldly stumble out from the house where a few of he letterman have be guard the exit . kurt let 's bug outta here . flattop wha ’ja do to they ? kurt gave they what they deserve . kurt and he croney drive off . int . basement room - bellows estate - same time ram6én and Chuck pound on the lock hatch . ramon let we out ! chuck yeah kurt , do not be a turd ! stella plop down on the bed - they could be there a while . ramon ( to Chuck ) find something to bust this open . ever the gentleman , auggie help Alice to she foot . she smooth out she skirt , only to find it 's rip . alice I work so hard on this . auggie it 's a nice dress . I mean , it still look really good on you . Alice smile -- alice you be a pierrot , right ? 27 . auggie have a permanent grin . life will not get better than this . as the other search for a way out ... stella feel something under the mattress and pull out -- the bellows book . considerable and weighty . her finger touch warpe leather , edge fray . smudge of dirt , fade blood . alice ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? stella I do not know . she open the tome , some frail page stick together . she scan a few hand - write storey , enrapture . the other suspend they effort to come see , intrigue . stella ( cont 'd ) it 's Sarah 's book of scary storey . the one she have read to the kid . auggie that 's just town gossip -- chuck or maybe they be storey about how she murder that kid ? stella flip through the page , some cover with dark illustration . she rest on a story call the GREEN ribbon . before she can make sense of it -- a faint thumping be hear . then a ominous groaning . grow louder . stella close the book and put it aside . alice kurt ? be that you ? within the wall , more creaking . everyone eye the ceiling and wall . Dust waft . it 's as if the house be possess . chuck we disturb the disturb ! now we be gonna die ! auggie ( not buy it ) it 's a old house - just build up water pressure --— 28 . the vanity sink cough up gray water ! Alice scream . pipe rattle behind the cracking plaster wall . a pipe burst from the wall , spraying auggie ! auggie ( cont 'd ) aahh ! the curse of sarah bellows ! auggie freak out and charge up the stair at full speed , slamming he giant frame into the hatch -- in the library he explode out of the hatch ! they scream , storming through the fissure mansion , try to get out as fast as they can . a pipe explode out of the wall - pour out grey water . they run out scream ! in the basement stella 's the last one out . feeling watch , she turn to see - in the mirror' reflection -- a pale , gaunt , eerily elongate sarah bellows ( 16 ) sit on the bed wear a soile hazel gown . she have spindly limb , a curve spine , and a simple - sweet smile . her bony finger hold up she book . sarah bellows youuu maaay beee theee neeext ... grey water pour out of she mouth . stella clasp she mouth and turn , stifling a scream -- but sarah isn't there . only the book remain , as if call she . in library stella surge out from the hatch with she pillowcase in hand . she fumble to put on she glass -- stare at the impressive calamity surrounding her . the groan of buckle wood sound like a torture soul . ... she follow she friend out . ext . bellows estate —- continuous they race out , only to be meet by -- the flash light of sheriff milner and deputy hobb 's squad car , screeching to a halt . trigger bark . the cop get out of they car and give chase . 29 . chuck it 's the fuzz ! let 's cheese it ! ram6n hightail it to he corvair monza . ramon ( hop in car ) get in -- they all pile into the vehicle already on the move . once all in , ramén peel out . sheriff milner recognize ramén 's car . deputy hobb run after they on foot . it 's useless to follow . deputy hobb should we check out the house ? sheriff milner Nah . i’1l be glad when they tear this eyesore down . he eye the loom manor as trigger whine , uneasy . int . the michael house - later stella enter after the long night . beer bottle decorate a home where a mother 's absence be feel . she hear 's whimpering . she pass she father 's room on the way to she bedroom -- oren weep next to he wife 's dress laid out on he bed . stella feel little sympathy and quietly enter she room . int . stella 's bedroom - moment later stella be cocoon in a bedsheet tent , eat candy out she bag as she read the bellow Book by flashlight . close on book : disturb b/w illustration from the storey , '' the cat 's paw '' , '' wait till Martin come '' , '' the wendigo '' .. she turn to the next chapter -- ' harold 's . with it , a horrifying illustration of a scarecrow impale on a pike . stella .--‘ harold 's ? her hand smudge the ink . it 's still wet . hmm. 30 . ext . milner farmstead - night - same time kurt 's bonneville drive onto he family 's sprawling property with a farm house and barn in the back . distant cornfield . drunk , he stagger out of he car and chuck he beer can at a scarecrow make from old sack and stuff with straw . kurt eat shit , harold . ' harold 's be pelt in its burlap face , a crooked scowl permanently stitched on . a pile of spend beer can below . kurt stumble to he house -- he 's startle by mrs . milner , bark from the front door in a robe and sour face . mrs . milner it 's late . kurt it 's Halloween . mrs . milner you be suppose to feed the chicken . kurt it 's brett 's turn . mrs . milner do it before you father get home . he flippantly saunter toward the barn , kick a chicken . he fail to notice - the pole where harold be hang be now bare . int . barn - milner farmstead - moment later kurt set down a tin bucket fill with water . close on : the water bucket . as the surface of the water still . the faint reflection of sarah bellows . a bag of chicken feed be ripped open . kurt haphazardly spill some on top of the hungry chicken gather at he foot . kurt eat up . get nice and fat . he get disturb at the carcass of a dead chicken , peck to death by its own . 31 . the wind pick up outside , create a faint howling through the slat in the barn wall . the cawing of crow . kurt perk up . think it be nothing , he return to feed the chicken when he see -- a figure stand between the barn door . kurt squint to see -- it 's the scarecrow stand upright . harold take a unnatural step forward , jerky . kurt nearly trip over the chicken . kurt ( cont 'd ) the hell ?! -- the chicken peck at kurt 's foot , but he do not notice . he 's fix on the walking man of hay before he . harold lurch closer . kurt run -- enter ... int . stable - night a maze of stable . he run - desperate - scared - he hide , panting . a creak be hear - he peek -— harold be come . kurt sprint . scare , he fall onto he ass . right next to a pitchfork . kurt whoever 's in there , you be gonna pay for this ! kurt whack harold with the pitchfork ! the scarecrow fall limp to the ground with a grunt . he stand over the scarecrow , try to see who be hide behind the hay . but there be no one , only a sink feel . harold reach for kurt , who cry out while violently stabbing the scarecrow with the pitchfork . ripping out its straw intestine , beat the live hay out of it . harold be completely torn to piece . kurt stand over it , heaving , victorious -- but confuse as to what this thing be . 32 . kurt ( cont 'd ) Mom ?! mom ?!-- he choke on something . airway obstruct . he cough up some hay , struggle for air . he try to call for help , but no word come out -- only hay . ext . barn - milner farmstead —- continuous kurt charge out of the barn , turn blue with asphyxiation . he run through the cornfield -- his eye bulge as he witness hay come out of he sleeve and pants . straw lengthen from he ear , nose and eye . he tremble to find the skin on he hand drying , like burlap . he fall as straw grow from every part of he . he reach out to he home and release a final muffle scream .. only for hay to silently explode from he mouth ! and he stop - freeze in place - stand in the cornfield . a scarecrow . smash to black ext . mill valley high school —- next morning all be quiet . a janitor ride a lawn mower over the grass . a upbeat song begin . a real sugar - pop earworm . disk jockey ( v.0o . ) it 's nasty November . the time when both side of the political aisle come together to bury each other in the mud . sequence of shot of school starting : the parking lot be full of student show off they car , the principal stand guard by he cadillac , a recruiter flirt with two hippie chick , black student play frisbee , etc . disk jockey ( v.o. ) do not believe anything you hear , mill Valley . to help separate truth from fiction , here 's John Fred & his playboys with ' Judy in disguise '. 33 . a school bell ring as student loiter around the school . stella race to school , clutching the bellow Book . int . locker - mill valley high school stella slam Chuck and auggie 's locker before it can open -- stella you ’1ll never guess what I read . auggie you take the book ? chuck why would you take the book ?! stella last night ... I see something in the mirror . chuck what ? stella I think it be ... she . auggie Halloween 's over . can I please have 364 day of not deal with you bullshit ? chuck no , I see something too . when I be hide . there be this woman , with a green ribbon around she neck . stella and when I open the book last night , there be this new chapter , and the ink be wet . she open the book to '' harold '' . stella ( cont 'd ) kurt 's name be in it . auggie ( feign scared ) oh my god . kurt dipplestine ? or maybe kurt Rogers ? I hope she be not a fan of kurt Douglas . ( dismissive ) ( more ) 34 . auggie ( cont 'd ) even Dick breath 's name be popular . it 's probably just a coincidence . auggie open the locker to grab he book , uninterested . stella flip through the page , hope to make a case -- stella but there be more chapter with no storey . five of they . each one unwritten ... chuck w- what do you mean , unwritten ? auggie spooky . Sarah 's just as lazy as we . Alice and ramén approach with book in hand . ramon do anyone notice that asshole do not have the ball to show ? Alice notice the scarecrow illustration in the bellow Book . alice creepy draw . look just like the scarecrow on kurt 's farm . stella and she friend share a look . chuck you mean kurt . as in kurt milner . that scarecrow be on kurt milner 's farm ? auggie ( suddenly intrigue ) what exactly be in that story ? off they troubled look - ext . milner farm house - front door - day ram6én rap on the screen door as Alice , stella , Chuck and auggie wait on the porch . after no answer , he knock again . Chuck turn and catch sight of something off screen . chuck guy ?... guy look . they follow Chuck 's gaze to find - 35 . the scarecrow -- only now it 's dress in kurt 's clothes . a crooked scowl permanently stitched to a burlap face . alice be not that what he be wear last night ? the front door swing OPEN , startling they . mrs . milner what do you want ? int . milner farm house - live room - later Mrs. milner read ' harold 's , unsure of what to make of it . her six - year-old , BRETT , cling to she arm . the teens anxiously sit on the sofa , sip tea . except for ramén , who stand -- put off by a nearby frame photo of sheriff milner . Mrs. milner close the bellow Book and take a moment . mrs . milner and you write this ? Chuck be about to explain , but auggie take this one . auggie we just have not see he around school , and be wonder if you husband or yourself have see anything ... unusual ? Mrs. milner give a sour look , then -- mrs . milner let I call Roy . stay here . she leave and she young son follow , attach at the hip . as soon as they be go , ramén tip down the sheriff 's photo . ramon she do not believe we . auggie I do not even know if I believe we . Chuck catch sight of stella stare at the coffee table . chuck what ? 36 . stella ( be : tea cup ; dread ) there 's five of they ... alice yeah , five teacup . you can count -- stella no ... five cup . five of we . five chapter leave . they share a look , ponder the implication . stella ( cont 'd ) what if there 's a story for each of we name ? what if what happen to kurt , be go to happen to we ? auggie motion for she to quiet down . ram6 én watch Mrs. milner in the kitchen , quietly talk on the phone . the mother give a suspicious look back . int . kitchen - milner farmstead — continuous Mrs. milner turn she back to they , discreetly talk : mrs . milner yes , I know . and that young mexican that pick a fight with kurt at the drive - in be here too . ( beat ) okay . i’1ll keep they here . she hang up , then give she youngest a encourage smile . she grab the tea pot and put on a fake smile . mrs . milner ( cont ’d ) refill anyone ? she enter into a empty room . they have split . ext . milner farmstead - later the sheriff 's cruiser pull up as he 's meet by Mrs. milner . mrs . milner they be go . ( hopeful ) any word from kurt ? 37 . sheriff milner still nothing . he glance at brett , chuck rock at a murder of crow gather at the scarecrow , and think nothing of it . mrs . milner they be act strange . and that odd Michael 's girl write a story . sheriff milner a story ? -- he can hardly hear himself over the caw of crow . sheriff milner ( cont ’d ) stop mind the crow , brett . brett stop throw rock . close on scarecrow : the crow keep pick sinewy bit of flesh from under the scarecrow burlap skin . back on the parent , none the wiser . mrs . milner this be not like he , Roy . sheriff milner do not worry . i’1l find we boy . CUT to : a FIRE burn in a till area , fuel by dry corn husk . ext . corn field - day ram6n stand with the other circle around the fire , burn hot . stella stare into the flame , hold the bellow Book . auggie I do not wanna say it - but maybe it 's good that he 's go . alice what do we tell people if they ask ? ramon do not matter what you say . look at we - some freak , some geek , and a mexican . they will never believe a word . ( point finger ) ( more ) 38 . ramon ( cont 'd ) no one say anything about last night . the group nod , except for Alice . auggie look to she , sympathetic . she finally agree . chuck what if the fuzz come cause he ratted on we ? they 'il know we be with he ... alice I be on a date . they 'il think I have something to do with it . stella it be not we . it be the book . and it 's all over . stella toss the Book into the fire . they watch it burn . close on : the Book 's page curl up in flame , its leather bubbles and char . curse or not , it 's destroy . dissolve to : int . stella 's bedroom - flashback close on : young stella ( 6 ) read a book in she mother 's lap . the bedroom be pink . the light be dreamy . a nostalgic memory . young stella ( learn to read ) '' the tiger din ... dind ... '' mother ( help ) '' do not '' . young stella '' do not just eat one bun . he eat all of the bun ... on the dish . '' mother ( turn page ) good , stella . stella look up , though we never see she mother 's face . young stella no more read . 39 . mother do not you want to know how the story end ? she shake she head with a mischievous grin . mother ( cont 'd ) I will help you . stella and mother '' and then he eat all the biscuit . '' int . stella 's bedroom —- morning - present stella wake up in she own bed . her eye still tired . she wipe the sleep from they , then spot a handwritten note from she father on the lamp shade that begin ' stella 's . off she read the note -- ext . freeway on - ramp - later stella ride to a construction site where they be building a freeway , she textbooks strapped to the back of she bike . she duck as she pass through steel and cement spire . under the overpass stella find she father lay a network of rebar . stella get you note -- oren remove he work glove and goggle . over the noise , he gesture to he foreman he 's go to take five . oren good news - they find something for I over in troutdale . they be look for a new supervisor -- stella when ? oren c'mon , stell . you know we have be look for we break . stella we ? you mean , you . 40 . oren you will make new friend -- stella Mom choose this place . ( temper she word ) how be I suppose to visit she ? or be you go to drive ? God know put you behind the wheel -- oren we need to leave this place . leave it behind . start over . hurt and confuse , stella walk away with she bike . stella we can not start over . you do that . her father be pain to see she leave . stella hop onto she bike , then notice something on the back that stop she cold -- the bellows book atop she schoolbook , in pristine condition . ext . downtown plaza - later stella ride she bike - fast . she go by the plaza , where the family of grieve parent witness the flag be lower half - mast . it 's a small ceremony for the fall son . fold flag be be hand - deliver to the parent by a officer in uniform and white glove . ext . the morale home - later stella urgently rap on ramén 's front door . he open it to find she clutching the bellow Book . stella «-- it 's back . she allow herself in . 41. int . the hallway - the morale house - continuous the house be bare with move box stack about . Ramon inspect the Book in disbelief . ramon how be this possible ? frightened , stella shake she head . stella there 's a new story . with Chuck 's name in it . ramon do you want I to drive ? stella there 's no time . I need you phone . as stella barge in , ramén open the Book to see for himself -- ramon Kitchen . close on book : the next story be entitle '' the Big toe '' . ram6n lift he thumb from the page to find ink print . ramon ( cont 'd ) the ink 's still wet ... stella ( defensive ) I do not write it . ramon I do not say you do . stella pass the family room , she catch a glimpse of - ramon 's father . his ear be burn off . his face disfigure . he meet stella 's glance as she have trouble look away . then , she quickly move on . kitchen as stella rush to dial Chuck 's number , ramén quickly read the ' the Big toe '. 42 . ramon ( cont 'd ) '' one day , Mrs. Steinberg be digging in she garden , when she see a big toe stick out of the ground . she try to pick it up but it be stick . so she pull as hard as she could and it come off in she hand ... " ( confuse ) what the hell be this ? this story be gross . stella get a busy signal ringing on the other end . stella keep read . she hang up and try again . stella ( cont 'd ) come on , pick up . ramon ( read ) '' ' that look like a nice piece of meat ' , she say . ' I will put it in the loaf and we will have it for ... dinner ' " ? int . kitchen - the steinberg home - same time Chuck cradle the phone on he shoulder , talk to he mother on the other end , while try to find something to eat in the kitchen . shelves be bare . chuck ( into phone ) what leftover , mar ? I do not see anything . Chuck open the fridge to discover -- a gleam meatloaf . chuck ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) mmm . my favorite . thanks . i’1l see you when you get home . Chuck hang up , and move the meatloaf to the counter . chuck ( cont 'd ) ( lick lip ) meat be back on the table . 43 . he fetch a fork and plunge it into the moist loaf . to the train eye , we see what look like a human toe baked in . starve , Chuck mow down . mash sinewy meat in he mouth . the kitchen phone ring . he stuff in another mouthful before grab the receiver . chuck ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) what be it now . -- I be eat , mar . stella ( phone ) chuck ?! chuck stella ? stella ( phone ) don ’t eat anything ! chuck why ? I be starve . my mom make a -- stella ( phone ) you be in the next story . listen to I . do not eat the meat . chuck what be you talk about ? we get rid of the book . stella ( phone ) don ’t eat the meat ! Chuck 's chew slow as he eye the loaf of mince meat . he bite on something hard , then pull from he mouth ... a large , rotted human toe nail . stella ( phone ) ( cont 'd ) Chuck ?... chuck ?! Chuck gag , try not to hurl . he flush he mouth under the faucet , then get back on the phone . chuck ... what happen in my story ? on stella and ramon stella ( to ramén ) what happen next ? 44 , ramon uh ... he eat the toe , and '' that 's when Charles hear a voice , say ' you may be the next . 's '' stella a voice say ' you may be the next . 's back on chuck , tense he look around the kitchen . wait . listen . he peek around the corner - the house be empty . Silent . chuck it 's quiet ... there 's no voice . I be the only one here . he poke he fork to dig through the meatloaf and instantly recognize a severe ear . he recoil , push it away . on stella and ramon ramén hold the book out to stella to finish read : stella we be read it right here . ' then the voice grow louder ...’ ( louder ) '' you may be the next ! '' back on paranoid , Chuck rip open the blind , half - expect to see someone ... but nothing . chuck I ’m all alone ! there 's no voice ... stella ( phone ) there have to be -- chuck you be the only one saying it louder ! on stella and ramon it don on stella . she look to ramén , horrify -- stella --. it 's I . ( to ramén ; urgent ) how do it end ? 45 . ramon nothing . that 's it . on chuck huddle in a dark corner , eyeing he empty house . chuck that 's it ? that 's not a end . what kind of ending be that ?! from out of the shadow behind he -- sarah bellows lurch out at he ! her elongate sour limb reach from the shadow . he scream !! on stella and ramon they hear Chuck 's scream . then silence , as - chuck phone Falls , dangle on its cord , knock against the fridge . on stella and ramon stella Chuck ?!... chuck ?!! no response . then -— sarah bellows ( phone ) «.. steeelllaaa ... stella slam the phone onto its wall unit , horror-struck . CUT to : ext . the gorge drive -in theater - dawn the parking lot of the drive - in theater be vast and empty , except for a corvair monza and two bike park outside the snack shack . a beat up Chrysler cross the abandon lot . at snack shack stella sit on the counter , despondent . auggie stare at the ice melting in he coke . Ramon lean he head against a wall . they watch Alice come with a vengeance -- alice where be that little shit ? he be suppose to be home for dinner . ( more ) 46 . alice ( cont 'd ) next time he think about sleep over without tell we parent ... she notice under stella 's glass , eye raw from cry . alice ( cont 'd ) ..- where 's my brother ? auggie ( afraid to ask ) what do you have for dinner ? alice we all have spamloaf , why ? ramon ( gag ) oh god . the other recoil . Alice look lose . alice where be he ? ramon he be not with we . reluctant , auggie hold up the bellow Book . auggie the Book come back . stella it be my fault . we should have never go into that house . Alice can not believe it , shaking she head . alice no ... we watch it burn . stella there be a new story . alice what story ?! auggie be not sure if he should show she , but Alice rip it from he grasp . quickly find the page and skim . stella I try to warn he ... but every thing I say only make it worse . 47 . ramon the end never tell we what happen . we be hope he be with you . Alice gag , repulse at what she 's read . she vomit in the trash bin . unable to truly comfort she , auggie rub she back . stella I hear she . she know we name . ramon four storey leave . four of we . alice Jesus . my brother just die and now this be gonna happen to we ?! auggie first kurt ... now Chuck ... ( angere ) we have to stop she . we have to do something . ramon do what ?! we have already burn it ! auggie I do not know but I sure as hell be not gonna sit around and wait for my story to be write ! there 's gotta be someway to stop a witch . stella she 's not a witch . it 's a curse ! auggie forgive I ! a curse witch -- alice so what ? we wait around to see which of we name come next ? auggie ( mind race ) what about the title . to we storey . maybe they be clue ... stella the next story be ' the Red Spot 's ... do that mean anything to anyone ? they share blank glance . a few shrug . 48 . alice Red Spot ? that could be anything . auggie what about the rest of they ? stella the next one be '' the dream " , '' I tie dough - ty Walker '' ... ramon I tie what ? what kinda title be that ? stella .-- and the last chapter , '' the haunted House '' . they all share a know look . ramon well we all know where that be . alice no way be I go back . Ramon smile . CUT to : int . corvair monza - same full speed . Ramon drive like a demon . the gang sit , tense . auggie ( to Alice ) if she want to pick we off one by one , we need to get ahead of it . instead of wait for the next story to happen ... stella ( finish sentence ) «+ . we see how everything end . auggie there 's gotta be answer ... Ramon barely avoid a collision . alice hey , bullit , watch it . 49 . ext . bellows estate - later the corvair monza park in front of the gate lead to the bellow 's estate . as soon as they get out -- kra-koooom !!! the explosive go off atop the hill , release a shower of wood , plaster and brick . it 's ear-shatter . surprise , they quickly race up the long driveway -- auggie no no no no noooo ! ext . bellows estate - moment later stella , ramén , auggie and Alice stand before what 's leave of the bellow mansion . a backhoe compress down on a remain awning until it buckle . Wood splinter . Glass break . a gape hole leave in the dead carcass of a house . ramon there go the answer . bulldozer plow debris , while a foreman wear a hard hat , direct a digger and crane raise a dig up coffin . foreman careful ... careful ... he unshackle it . then give the hand signal for the crane operator to fetch the next one . he notice the teens -- foreman ( cont 'd ) you should not be here . this be no place for kid . stella be mesmerize by the crew raise another casket . as it pan over head , the worm - eat coffin crumble , pry loose from its bind -- demolition crew ( 0.c. ) watch out ! she' coming apart -- the coffin fall . a Worker dive out of the way just as the casket shatter to piece on the ground , release - a corpse , dress in a rotten white gown and a wide GREEN ribbon around she neck . the skull roll off , detach from the body . it be the ribbon hold it on . Alice scream . auggie the green ribbon -- the woman Chuck see . 50 . alice how ? she 's be dead over 40 year . foreman you gotta get outta here . this be no place for kid . the Foreman return to he crew as they solemnly head back down the long driveway . hold on alice be there another haunted House ? why would the last chapter say ' haunted House 's if it 's go ? ramon you say Sarah vanish . to where ? ( mind racing ) maybe if we find she remain , we can lay they to rest ... give she a proper burial . auggie this be not a movie , dork . a glint of something os catch stella 's eye . then the tinkering of a familiar childlike - melody . ramon ( 0.s. ) I do not say it be . stella lower to some construction debris where sit the music BOX that be destroy , rebuilt in perfect order . stella pick it up , intrigue . auggie ( 0.s. ) then let 's start digging . how ' bout this ? I will take this 100 acre . you get that 100 acre . I be sure Alice be good with a shovel . ramon ( 0.s. ) you do not need to be a dick about it . I be just try to help . auggie ( 0.s. ) help ? I be try to live . she study the Music box . stella turn it over and find it be engrave with the name -- '' eloise W '. 51 . stella you say they die 40 year ago ? auggie yeah . why ? stella maybe there be someone in that house that 's still alive ? ext . sunnyhaven nursing home - afternoon the corvair monza pull into the sunnyhaven nursing Home parking lot that look neither sunny nor a haven . auggie ( 0.c . ) there 's two place dead people go to in this town . the cemetery , and sunnyhaven . alice ( 0.c . ) the caretaker tell I they do not have anyone name eloise , but they do have a loulou Walker that fit the bill . they exit the car , take in the dreary nursing home . int . sunnyhaven nursing home - moment later Three old bedrid elderly man share a room with only one window . a cheerful man rest close to the window , while two cantankerous bed mate be not privileged to enjoy the view . cantankerous bed mate # 1 how do it look out there today , George ? cantankerous bed mate # 2 what do you see ? cheerful man the flower have bloom . oh , and that voluptuous woman have return . a caretaker guide stella and she friend past they room , but as they vantage point pivot , they see the view from the window be merely a brick wall . George give they a dead stare and a hollow smile , hope they will keep he secret . they move on into -- 52 . the SUN room frail elderly be hunch over in wheelchair park along the wall , hold onto what little life they have leave . the caretaker point stella and she friend toward a African american woman in she late 70 , stare out a musty stain - glass window . caretaker that 's loulou . do not expect to get much out of she . they approach loulou and see she milky cataract eye stare at nothing in particular . stella eloise Walker ? she only tremble , crippled by late-stage parkinson 's . auggie loulou Walker ? can you hear we ? ramon why be we waste time -- stella wind the Music box and let it play . the child - like melody put a sweet smile on loulou -- loulou ... you May be the next . stella and ramén share a look , recognize that word . stella why do you say that ? loulou it 's a song , sweetheart . ( murmur song ) ' the worm crawl in , the worm crawl out , the worm play pinochle on you snout ... 's stella you know Sarah , do not you ? loulou I use to watch over that family . how that kid love to hear she scary storey . ( fondly recollect ) she have a gift ... to fix thing . ( more ) 53 . loulou ( cont 'd ) even help I see for a bit . they tell she she be a monster . but I think she be a sight . they share a look , mystify . but Alice lose she patience -- alice then why be she torture we ? what do we ever do to she -- stella calm Alice , then take a gentler approach . stella we have she book . and she 's still write storey . why ? loulou story hurt . story heal . if all you know be hatred , it can make you go mad . angry for so long . ( sing ) ' they will eat you ear , they will eat you nose , they will eat the jelly between you toe ... 's auggie do you know what happen to the kid ? the kid that she murder ? loulou I can still hear they laugh ... ( shake head ) she could never do that thing . the bellow never do right to that sweet girl . stella she do not hurt the kid ... loulou you sound just like you mother ask that question . stella grow cold -- what do she just say ? stella my mother ? she be here ? loulou ' do not ever laugh as the hearse go by , for you may be the next to ... ( die ) . 's the music box end and loulou drift off , lose in think . 54 . stella why be she here ? how do you know my mother ? be this you music box ? stella desperately wind the music box again to let it play . stella ( cont 'd ) you talk to my mother . when ? when do you talk to she ? loulou ? stella try to shake she awake , but she do not respond . ramon ease up . stella loulou ? talk to I . the caretaker intervene . caretaker that 's enough . I need you to leave . off they concern -- disk jockey ( v.0o . ) more grim news ... ext . field of grass - night resident of mill Valley walk the field , ten foot apart , wave flashlight . it 's a search party . disk jockey ( v.0o . ) on the heel of the miss person report out for the sheriff 's son , we have another disappearance . condolence to the steinbergs ... I pray we can find they son Charlie . Alice be with she parent , bite she lip . ext . mill valley public library - evening the corvair monza be park outside the public library . a acropolis build in a time when mill Valley once have promise . disk jockey ( v.o. ) if anyone have any information , please contact local authority . look at that , my phone line be already blow up ... 55 . int . mill valley public library - sequence of shot the library be mostly empty . orb light softly illuminate a labyrinth of book . sequence of shot as they research anything and everything that can shed light on thing : male caller ( v.o. ) be not it obvious ? it 's a prank . just some kid , make trouble . disk jockey ( v.o . ) we all have we opinion . but to change the mood , here 's the dock of the Bay ! the song start - give place to a montage -- --a stack of book hit a table , '' Oregon territory rights 1928 '' '' mill Valley town and vital record vol. 1 , '' --“ registry of historic place , '' etc . auggie drop they off for -- -- stella , already scour a stack of old periodicals . she pull out a front page that have photo of nine child , none older than ten . '' Children continue to vanish . Parents demand blood , '' be the headline . she start scribbling each child 's name onto a note pad . female caller ( v.o. ) we child be pay for we sin . all of this free love . this race mixing . we need a american independent , like George wallace -- a venerable librarian sort book back onto shelf , keep a judgmental eye on Ramon , fervently read in the aisle . disk jockey ( v.o . ) this be still the real world , be it not ? all I know be this be a time to come together , not apart . ram6 én study a county map . he trace the yamhill River with he finger , until it intersect with the bellow Rail yard . further downstream be the heart of mill Valley . ram6 én catch the librarian 's stare , then stare back . she move on . ramén continue to search for answer . study sequence over 56 . stella cross reference name as ramén read the bellow Book , while auggie look for more research material . ramon the name in the Green ribbon be ... be ... gimme a minute . stella look up , know the answer already . stella dolore . ramon ( see name , then ) how do you -- stella Sarah 's mother . the woman with the green ribbon around she neck . ramon every member of she family , they be all in this book . stella even weirder , anyone that spend considerable time with they die of either a strange accident or unnatural cause ... ( hold up obituary ) the detective who searched inside they house ? die of a heart attack in he apartment three year ago ... find eat by he cat , include he beloved Martin . ramon nothing unnatural about that . stella and all the death be in like , chronological order . except the kid she murder , who should be in the front of the book ... ( look through note ) they be not in any of the chapter . they name do not appear anywhere . ramon ( struggle to track ) wait . if everyone die who go in that house , how do loulou survive ? 57 . stella I do not know . you hear she , Sarah love she . ramon maybe the kid die before she become a curse witch -- stella or maybe she never murder they in the first place . ramén raise a eyebrow - that be quite the allegation . auggie unload another stack of periodicals . auggie if it 's my name , do not tell I . I , for one , do not wanna know how I go . ( beat ) look what I find . stella see a rare photo of sarah bellows in a hazel hospital gown , surround by a team of doctor , unsmile . she be simple with a wide smile and unnatural curve spine stella it 's she . ramén read the lab coat insignia . ramon '' rlp.h. oe stella I know that letter . riverwell psychiatric Hospital . upstate . auggie get this - this photo be take the year before she whole family die . as stella and auggie extrapolate -- ramén flip to a illustration in Sarah 's book that grab he attention . it 's entitle ' high beam 's with a image of a scared woman behind the wheel and headlight follow she . stella ( 0.c . ) so she do not disappear , she be lock away . 58 . auggie ( 0.c. ) can you imagine be commit into a nut house at we age ? ramén look up from the Book . ramon what be you mom 's name ? stella dinah , why ? ramén shake off he presumption and flip to the next page . ramon no reason . stella can tell he know something , but be afraid to ask . auggie ( concerned ) where 's Alice ? she should be here by now . ramén turn to the next unwritten chapter - ' the Red Spot 's . the story still blank . ramon as long as there be not a new story , she 's probably all right . Alice shuffles into the library , nerve on high . her head be down and half of she face be cover by she hair . alice sorry I be late . do you know how terrible it be to keep my mouth shut ? auggie it 's okay . we be not worried . alice I uh , I will just be a minute . I need to freshen up . auggie you look fresh to I ... Alice beeline out , ignore he . auggie study she illusive manner . something be not right . 59 . ramon maybe you should hold off on tell she how you feel . it 's not like we be under any unusual stress , or curse or anything . stella crack a rare smile . auggie be not laugh . auggie ( to ramén ) I hope you be next . as they return to they research -- close on : a small bead of blood drop onto the blank chapter page of ' the Red spot’ , create ... a red spot . stella ramén . you nose . ramén wipe he bloody nose , confuse . he notice the red spot on the blank page , then push himself away from the bellow Book , panicked . ramon oh shit ! the red spot . the red spot ! I am next ! the librarian shush they . close on the first sentence to ' the red spot 's appear before they eye , as if scrawle by a invisible author ... auggie ohhhh god ... ohgodohgodohgod . black ink seep up through the page , bleed into creepy imagery . the story slowly appear , word by word , like spiderweb be spun ... stella , auggie and ramén surround the book , anxious to read what be scrawle next ... int . hallway - library - same time Alice be lose , look for the bathroom . a pass librarian assistant approach , friendly . 60 . librarian assistant afternoon , may I help you - ( recoil ) oh honey , you need to get that cherry check out . Alice look up , she hair pull back behind she ear revealing -- a massive pimple on she cheek . it 's a plumper . alice ( mortify ) it 's stress . where 's you nearest washroom ? librarian assistant here , let I show you . the librarian Assistant lead she off . int . library - same time stella and auggie watch the curse story unfold before they eye as ramén pace , stress out . ramon I do not wanna know . do not tell I . it 's gonna be twisted . ( on second think ) yeah I do . I wanna know -- stella read as fast as it be write -- stella ( read ) '' , .. it be there in the washroom where poor Alice would discover the red spot ... " it 's alice ! ramon it 's Alice ? thank god ! auggie the washroom ! auggie bolt up from the table and race out . stella throw a look to ramén - how selfish of you . ramon what ?! I think I be gonna die . she grab the book and run after . ramdén chase . 61 . int . hallway - library - continuous the three skid on the linoleum , look for the washroom ! auggie alice ?!! int . washroom - library - same time Alice enter the washroom alone . she go to the mirror to inspect the large zit ever see in the history of cinema . Red and raw . she touch the pimple , but it hurt so bad . it must be pop . she turn on the hot water , steaming . then wet a paper towel to gently compress it . when she lean back down to soak she towel ... sarah bellows be in the mirror 's reflection . wet and smile , with the craze , simple face of a child . int . hallway —- library - same time stella , ramén and auggie charge down the hallway toward a door label women . auggie hesitates for the briefest of moment -- then bust in . auggie Alice ! int . women 's washroom —- library -— continuous they come to a stop .... it 's empty . panic on they face . stella there must be another washroom ... int . hallway - library - continuous the three charge back out , lose and confuse . stella find a simple map plaque on the wall by some stair . stella upstair ! they follow auggie up the stair , two step at a time . 62 . int . washroom - library - same time Alice get a closer look at the pimple when - it almost look like something move inside it . her heart stop . she wipe the mirror and inspect it closer . again , something move just under the skin ... suddenly , a ingrown black hair poke out ... ugh gross ... int . women 's washroom - second floor - same time stella , ramén and auggie explode into the second floor washroom . but Alice be not there . only a custodian . stella where be she ?!! auggie eye a staff name tag on the custodian , then urgently : auggie be there a staff washroom ?! before he can answer -- int . staff washroom - library - same time disgust , Alice inspect the short black hair stick out of she boil . she delicately tug on it - try to remove the ingrown hair , only for - the hair twitches , as if alive . that 's no hair , it 's a leg . Alice scream and place she hand over the pimple , just as - a swarm of baby spider escape through she finger , spread across she face !!! she scream bloody murder ! Alice take she hand off she face . a endless stream of tiny spider crawl out of she pimple . the more she claw away , the faster they come out . the librarian enter to see Alice bristle with creepy crawly . Alice reach out for help amidst she thrashing , but the scared librarian only run away . alice aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagghhhe ! I !!! 63 . int . library - front desk auggie , stella and ramén plow past the startle librarian -- ramon outta the way ! move ! int . staff washroom - library - continuous they enter to find -- a large black Mass writhing and scream in the corner . a vast majority of Alice be cover in spider as they spread across the floor like wriggly ooze ! auggie and stella instantly take off they jacket and swat they away . but there 's too many . ram6én run out into the hallway -- and see a bucket of mop water . think quick , he pick it up and race back into the bathroom --— he drench Alice , wash the remain spider away . stella can only watch as auggie drop to the floor to cradle Alice , leave catatonic . her skin pock - mark with bite . stun patron crowd the door , stare . Alice twitches in auggie 's arm , unable to cope . she 's alive , but not well . auggie help ! someone get help ! the crowd do not move . stella call a ambulance !!! a concerned patron run off . auggie rock Alice , stroking she hair , try to calm she . she mutter , unaware of she surroundings . alice ... they be all over I . get they off . get they off ... auggie it 's okay . you be go to be okay . Alice 's eye flutter open . lose and confuse . 64 . alice ... my dress . it 's rip . I can not go out like this ... auggie it 's a nice dress , Alice ... do not worry , you look just fine ... auggie look to stella , he eye fill with sorrow . dissolve to : ext . mill valley public library - later that night light flash as paramedics roll Alice 's gurney into the wait ambulance for ' riverwell psychiatric Hospital 's . at ambulance sickly , Alice stutter . unable to cope . alice I see she in the mirror . I see she in the mirror . the paramedics shake they head . she 's a lose cause . outside ambulance Mrs. Steinberg stifles herself with tissue as she husband be in a heat exchange with deputy hobb . mr . steinberg Jesus Christ , Tom ! you have not even find my son and now this ?! deputy hobb we be do everything we can . mrs . steinberg where 's Roy ? why be not the sheriff talk to we ? deputy hobb he just find he son 's corpse , darlene . you might want to give he some space . Mrs. Steinberg break down into hysterics . Mr. Steinberg stare at the deputy -- how can you be so cruel ? 65 . deputy hobb ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , we be all on edge . all I can say at this time be we have a warrant out for all of they arrest . we will figure this out . deputy hobb eye the corvair monza , know ramén have to return for it eventually . a few block away ramén nervously light a cigarette as auggie watch from afar , keep they distance . stella 's on a bench , stare at ' the Red Spot 's . she look up with tear in she eye -- stella Alice die at the end of she story . ( desperate to other ) but she 's not dead . we save she . we save she , right ? auggie there 's no come back from that . she do not even know she name . ( despondent ) and now they think we be all responsible . ramon no , they think I be . ram6n flick the butt of he cig then take off he jacket . ramon ( cont 'd ) fuck it . I be turn myself in . stella / auggie what ? / why ?! ramon to tell they you have get nothing to do with this . stella neither do you . what good will that do anyone ? ramon look , I be not that thick . I know they will not believe I . but if they give I enough time - if I can make they see - maybe they can help we ? 66 . auggie and what happen when you be lock up and the next story come for you ? what help can we be then ? ram6n can not stomach concede the point . furious , he throw he jacket , feel helpless . auggie ( cont 'd ) it 's be a long day . we can not think . we need sleep . stella the next story be call ' the dream 's . you really feel like close you eye ? auggie then we will take shift . one of we always have eye on the story . ( direct ) we get through the night , together . ramén and stella share a look and nod , in agreement . stella where ? they 'il be look for we . ramon where they will not find we . ramén take one last look at he corvair monza , then pick up he jacket and leave . auggie and stella head out , exhaust . int . mill valley library - same time sheriff milner , he face weary over the loss of he son , stand over the teen 's research leave behind . his finger trace over the photo of Sarah bellow . his mind race , try to make sense of it . he tap on the doctor besides Sarah . it 's almost as if he recognize the man . ext . mill valley high school - later that night the school parking lot be empty in its off hour . at front door 67 . auggie shiver while ramén jostle the lock door . stella keep warm in he jacket . auggie any other bright idea ? ramon anyone get a pen ? stella shake she head . auggie hand over a fountain pen . auggie careful , it 's my favorite -- ram6n twist and rip the pen 's clip off . auggie deflate . ramon now it 's my favorite . ram6 én use the clip to pick the lock . the door pop open . stella ( playful ) wonder how a war hero feel have a hood for a son ? ramon never say it be untrue . after they enter -- series of shot over '' hurdy gurdy man '' by donovan . «+. Ramon break into the School nurse 's office , snagging some pain pill , bandage and pillow . ... stella enter the faculty Lounge , claim a comfy couch . she revisit the book - the newest chapter still blank . «+. auggie pillage the cafeteria kitchen . he pile chocolate milk , snack , and leave over peanut butter cake on a tray . int . faculty lounge - mill valley high school - later ram6 én enter with a arm load of pillow to see -- stella , cradling she knee on the floor while she read ' High beam 's . tear run down she cheek as she stare at a illustration of a frighten woman drive at night . he sit down beside she as she wipe she eye . 68 . ramon be it you mom ? do you read it ? stella nod . stella she be the one who want to move here . she tell my dad - there be something about mill Valley . she try she best to smile through the painful memory . stella ( cont 'd ) even when I see she picture , I do not recognize she face . I can only remember she voice ... ramon what happen ? stella they be argue that night . all I can remember be ... she could not take it anymore and drive off . ( beat ) my dad have to borrow the neighbor 's truck to follow she . he have too much , but he want to apologize ... she smile as she wipe a tear . ramén listen . flashback : dinah michael ( 38 ) drive a GREEN sedan upset , strain to see through the night 's low fog . stella ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be late . and dark . and this truck , that she do not recognize , start turn on they high beam . in the rear view mirror , a brief flash of high beam . a moment would pass , and then another blind flash of light . back on stella know this story by heart . she do not need to read . stella ( cont 'd ) she try to let they pass , but they keep flash . the more she try to get away , the more agitate they get . ( catatonic ) the light . on. off. on. off ... 69 . flashback : nervous and frighten , dinah speed up -- stella ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he see it happen ... but there be no way to stop it . ramon ( v.o. ) stop what ? the pursue truck keep they high beam on , blind she . stella ( v.o. ) everyone think it be he fault ... that he cause the accident ... even I ... ( then ) but the story say she be not alone in the car . in the truck , oren witness a figure rise up in the back seat of the sedan . he let out a horse scream -— in the sedan , dinah see sarah bellows rise up in she rearview mirror . she gasp in fright , then -- the GREEN sedan suddenly jerk off the road , cause the automobile to twist and violently crash to a dusty stop . the truck hit the brake . oren run out , wrack with grief . back on stella . lose in the story . ramén hang on she every word . stella every time he turn on he high beam , he be try to warn she . ( break down to ramén ) there be someone else - just like he say - but I do not believe he - no one believe he - because it be she - it be Sarah -- he put a consol arm around she . stella ( cont 'd ) I hate he so much , I want to kill myself . he kiss she on the head . hurting for she . ramon story hurt . story heal . 70 . stella why do not I believe he ? he turn the page , help to put that chapter behind she . she stare at the next unwritten story . the title be -- stella ( cont 'd ) ' the dream 's ... ( numb ) I wish this be all a dream . ramén hold she tight . the sentiment be mutual . dissolve to : int . faculty lounge - mill valley high school - morning the morning Oregon rain patter and streak down window . first sun stir ramén awake on the couch . he look for stella , a crinkle sheet beside he where she have sleep . he only see auggie snore , with the Book open on he chest , cover in hostess wrapper and chocolate milk box . stella enter , drying she hair from a morning shower . she lower the towel to reveal newly shorn hair . she touch she new pixie cut , unsure . ramén smile , show he approval . he approach . she hold back , vulnerable . they lip want to touch ... but she eye fall on auggie , in fright -- stella auggie ! wake up ! auggie jolt awake . ramén see it too . ramon the Book --! auggie shit ... auggie brushes food wrapper and debris way and find -- the story have already be write . he jump up , startle . they pace , lose they wit . ramon when be it write -- 71 . auggie I do not know ! stella march over and grab the book , read : stella '' last night , augustus hilderbrandt have a strange dream . he dream he be in a red room - - " auggie rip it out of she hand and slam the book close . auggie no , man . that 's my name . it 's my name ! ramon give we the Book . auggie I do not want to know how I die . I can not know ! stella we can not stop it unless we know what happen . ramon we have to read it . auggie why read it when I dreamt it ! stella and ramén back down . auggie take a seat , bite he nail . his nerve rattle . auggie ( cont 'd ) I be in this hallway . with so many door . and I could hear this ... voice . they be angry . like they want to get out . I want to too . stella ( quiet , to ramén ) you think he be dream of riverwell ? ramon where they lock Sarah up ? they might know what happen to she . auggie I run into this ... red room . and I mean everything be red . ( more ) 72 . auggie ( cont 'd ) like it be blood . but it be not mine . ( horrify ) and then Sarah ... she be reach out to I . smiling . I could not move my leg . or my arm . she tell I -- stella --- you may be the next . auggie nod , it 's burn into he memory . stella ( cont 'd ) we have to go there . auggie what ? stella you say it yourself , the storey be clue . we need to read -- auggie pull the Book out of reach . auggie no . I do not wanna know how I die . ramon you be a smart kid , auggie . we need to see what happen . at least let stella have a look . auggie ( rationalize ) riverwell psychiatric . I be in . but I do not wanna know . I just hafta ... avoid red room . yeah . that 's 1l work . if I be not in one , I will live , right ? ( delirious ) please . do not think I be crazy . I be conscious ... this will work . stella and ramén share a look . skeptical . ramon I will drive . ramén run out of the room . stella and auggie share a confuse look , then -- ramén run back , suddenly remember he have no car . 73 . ramon ( cont 'd ) I do not ride bike . in the hallway they run into the hallway , only to hear -- os footstep come they way . they dart around the corner . the principal whistle , flipping the key to he cadillac in he hand . he sip he coffee and pass they , unnotice . stella , ramén and auggie 's sneak out behind he . ext . parking lot - mill valley high school - moment later stella and auggie pile into the principal 's bronze boat of a convertible . it 's nicer than anything they have be in . ramén fidget with the wire , hot wiring it . the engine roar to life . they share a relieved smile and the car take off . ext . freeway - early morning the cadillac cruise down the newly build freeway , leave mill Valley behind . disk jockey ( v.o. ) how do we get turn upside down ? maybe it 's I , or maybe it 's the end of the world . maybe it 's time we ' reach out of the darkness 's . '' reach out of the darkness '' by Friends and lover play . .».. stella close she eye and lean she head on the door , let the wind kiss she face . «+. auggie stretch out in the backseat . ... ramoén steal a glance at stella . she look back . for a brief moment , there be not a care in the world . «+ . the cadillac wind through Pacific Northwest wilderness . ext . michael 's home - morning oren pack move box into he truck 's flatbe . sheriff milner pull up , block he driveway . oren suspicious . 74 . sheriff milner oren . stella around ? he tense , then return pack . alarm . oren what no she do now ? sheriff milner you family 's always in some sort of trouble . oren slam he truck - bed close , restrain he temper . oren she do not come home last night . I do not know where she be . sheriff milner call we if she show , you hear ? oren look down , give no response . sheriff milner return to he squad car and leave . ext . riverwell psychiatric - day - later the cadillac pass a riverwell psychiatric hospital sign . they pull up towards a sprawling behemoth build with such pristine symmetry it 's unsettle . int . front desk - riverwell psychiatric - moment later within a institutional corridor , a rigid reception nurse look up to find stella , ramdén and auggie . a light cigarette hang from she purse lip . moan and shriek be hear o.s. stella we need to see the record of a former patient name Sarah bellow . reception nurse we be a mental health facility . we record be private . ramon ( put on the charm ) she 's probably be dead for forty year , you really think she care ? 75 . reception nurse we new file system do not even go back that far . sorry . just as they be about to give up , stella take a flyer -- stella they would not be in the ... Red room ? the nurse exhales smoke , suspiciously eyeing they . she lean back and call out to a pass orderly . reception nurse gene , where be we store the lapse file ? orderly gene in the red room of the old building . but it 's all lock up . the nurse hand they a clipboard with paperwork . reception nurse fill out a authorization request and maybe we can get it to you in seven to ten business day . ( amused by they anguish ) need a pen ? ramon ( take clipboard ) get one . thanks . they slowly make they way out . Ramon toss the clipboard in the trash and they leave . ext . riverwell psychiatric - moment later they walk behind the renovate hospital to discover -- a decaying , three story sanitarium behind it . all window and door be board up . thick chain on the door . stella to what extent be you criminal capability ? ramon there 's no way I can get in it ... ( mind racing ) but maybe we could get on it . 76 . ramén point up to the roof . there 's a SMALL divide between the two building . ramon ( cont 'd ) if we can get up to the third story , we might be able to cross over and gain access onto its roof . auggie that 's all you . I have no desire to see this red room . stella eye a couple walk with a patient in a hazel gown . ramon that 's the same gown Sarah wear . stella we be close . int . first floor - riverwell psychiatric - later a ' laundry 's door open -- stella and ramén exit , push a wheelchair with auggie dress in a hazel patient gown . they wheel he down a institutional corridor . auggie ( be : hazel gown ) just till we get to the third floor . ramon no further . int . front desk - riverwell psychiatric - moment later a passing nurse drop off a stack of papers in front of the reception nurse . the top page catch she eye -- school picture of Ramon , stella and auggie . reception nurse what be this ? passing nurse apparently there 's a warrant out for they arrest . her cigarette hang from she lip , recognize the face . she instantly go to she phone , dial the police . 77 . int . elevator - riverwell psychiatric - same time stella and ramén wheel auggie onto a empty elevator . they push the 3rd floor button . just as the door close - a meaty hand jut in , allow a orderly to enter . orderly I think you want the fifth floor . Brown gown , fifth floor . he hit the 5th floor button for they . they smile . the orderly eye auggie , give he a quizzical once over . the elevator be unusually quiet on they way up . then -- ding . int . fifth floor - riverwell psychiatric - moment later the door open to the sound of strange moan and erratic scream . the occasion bang . the orderly hold the door open so stella and ramén can push auggie out , though they be unsure where they have be take . orderly be well , big fella . he give a warm smile , then the elevator seal behind they . reverse mental patient guzzle pill and struggle to cope . all in hazel scrub . stella you be conscious . not crazy , right ? auggie frantically look around , ultra-sensitive to he surroundings . the wall and linoleum be all a stark white . auggie at least there 's no red . with the coast clear , they wheel auggie further into the restrict portion of the hospital . ramon do not worry . we will make this quick . they duck down a hallway , keep out of the orderly sight . 78 . they pass window , where -- a patient pull clump of hair from he scalp ... another patient scream from behind glass : mental patient # 1 I do not want the drum . I promise to be good . I want my mommy back . mental patient # 2 wait till Martin come ! they pass drugge patient sleep in a room . they quickly wheel inside . int . patient room - continuous the patient be too doped up to notice as the three go to a window and spot the rotting rooftop of the old sanitarium two floor below . auggie hop out of the wheelchair . auggie I will keep watch . auggie guard the open doorway , on the lookout . stella and ramén open the large window , judge the distance . ramon a little high . if the book do not kill we , the jump might . Quick think , stella pull a stain spring mattress off a empty bed , drag it to the window . ramon ( cont 'd ) good think . they throw the mattress over the divide . it drop down until landing in a plume of dust on the roof , two storey below . stella you think we can make it ? ramén judge the distance , then carefully throw the Book down in a test run ... it miss the mattress , by a lot . stella throw ramén a look - seriously ? ramon lady first ? stella we go together . 79 . auggie just make it quick , will ya ? a drugge patient wake up . he point to auggie , moan . auggie Pov : down the corridor , the elevator open with the orderly , reception nurse , and deputy hobb . auggie ( cont 'd ) shit . the fuzz . hurry . hurry . ramén climb out onto the ledge and help stella out . a five story fall onto a sidewalk if they do not make the jump . stella look back at auggie . stella catch ya later . auggie not if ya catch a disease . now all of the drugge patient have awoken , make a incredible racket , sure to draw attention . ramén hold stella 's hand tight . ramon together ? stella together . auggie ( whisper ) go , go , go -- ! outside , the deputy and staff be about to pass the room -- on the ledge slow motion : stella and ramén jump together ... sneaker kick in the air ... over the expanse ... falling ... on rooftop stella and ramén crash onto the mattress -- they make it ! but the mattress crash through the rotted roof ! they scream as the roof collapse below they . leave a gape hole . back in the room 80 . deputy hobb and the staff look into the bemoan patient room . auggie disguise himself in a empty bed , wail too . they move on in they search . when the coast be clear , auggie bolt to the window and spot the hole in the roof below . auggie ( cont 'd ) oof . int . old sanitarium - same time stella and ramén writhe on they mattress on a hallway floor , shower in wood and debris . as the dust settles , they sit up . Hair askew . amaze to find they be alive . ramén pull a splinter from she hair . ramon we make a great team . stella roll she eye and rise . the two find themselves -- in a dark , decompose corridor to a place long forget . sunlight from narrow , inescapable window accentuate the molt wall . Wire bed frame and discard furniture leave . spook , the two gingerly move down the hallway . ramon ( cont 'd ) this be not a hospital , it be a prison ... stella let 's just find she file and get outta here . int . basement record room - old sanitarium - moment later ramén kick open a door , allow they into the basement floor where a large ' b’ be prominently display on a wall . more importantly , the cement floor and wall be painted red . ramon Jesus ... stella it 's just like he say . 81. stella turn on the musty fixture in the red record room . dank , in disarray . cluttered file box scrawle with date as far back as the 1880' . there must be hundred of they . stella and ramén begin look through the disarray , floor to ceiling red . ramon be not file suppose to be ' file 's ? off they desperate search -- int . upstair hallway - riverwell psychiatric - same time auggie casually roll himself down a white hallway in he wheelchair . auggie I love white . White Christmas , white bread , white people ... as he roll past the vending machine -- auggie ( cont 'd ) White chocolate ... auggie fish some coin from he pocket , and select a white zero candy bar . int . record room - riverwell psychiatric - same time stella and ramén sit amongst pile of file , lose . stella there 's nothing on she . it 's like she do not even exist . defeat , stella grab the next file box to inspect -- ramén sit up , stare at something off screen . stella follow he gaze to a turned file BOX spilling a dozen or so leather - bound ledger - identical to the bellows book . stella ( cont 'd ) ( mind race ) «.. just like she Book . the two sit close , pour through the ledger . a intimacy both be comfortable with ; even yearn for . in the ledger -- 82. instead of scary storey , they be fill with date patient review , x-ray , photo -- stella look at the file in he hand : autopsy report for a group of child - the one Sarah allegedly have murder . stella ( cont 'd ) this be medical chart ... for the kid that disappear . ( review statistic ) they suffer from liver failure . they be sick from lead poisoning . ram6 én pause , try to recollect -- ramon back at the library . on the map . they rail yard be build on the yamhill River . they damme that creak the year they lock she up in here . the truth hit stella like a punch to the stomach . stella she do not murder they . her family do to bury they secret . ramon ( be : file ) look who 's she supervise doctor -- ramén show she Sarah 's weekly report , patient report '' milner , Alfred , Dr . '' '' severe paranoia ... imaginative construct ... false storey , family lie ... '' stella ( read ) «+. Dr. Alfred milner . Roy milner 's father ? ramon ( read ) '' electroshock , metrozol , radium and isolation therapy , lateral cerebral diathermia treatment ... '' ( beat ) Jesus , she be just sixteen and they torture she ... stella ( mind racing ) they make she believe she do it ... ( more ) 83 . stella ( cont 'd ) that 's why the storey keep happen . ( resolute ) be there a death certificate ? proof that they kill she ? what they do with she remain ? ramén get a closer look at two fade form . ramon ( read ) '' session terminate at family request '' . -- she do not die here , she be discharge . stella that can not be , that do not make any sense -- stella compare the two form : under the line not administer 's a '' 1 '' be admit , then a '' 2 '' on release . stella ( cont 'd ) it say here one patient be admit , and two be release . Sarah leave with a woman name beatrix bellow . ramon I think she mom 's name be delore . do she have a sister ? stella shake she head , consume . they both share a look , try to make sense of thing . a pair of hand jut out at they through a file shelf , belong to a oafish orderly dress in white . orderly ( 0.s. ) there you be ! stella fall back . ramén push the shelf atop of he -- give they a chance to flee , leave the evidence behind . sanitarium hallway the two quickly scramble through dark hallway , racing past large debris . the orderly follow but they be too quick . they burst open the door -- but it 's hold by chain outside . stella 's small frame squeeze through , but ramdén struggle . he manage to escape mere moment from the orderly 's capture . 84 . they back up as he arm blindly grab for they . ext . riverwell psychiatric - continuous stella and ramén find park police car out front . they dart into a side door into the renovate hospital . int . riverwell psychiatric - continuous stella and ramén hurry , scan for auggie . moment later the orderly lose sight of the teens in the hospital . he activate a emergency alarm button . klaxon sound off -- in first floor hallway stella and ramén witness red warning light , cause every white wall to appear red ! ramon «+ . the red room . stella auggie !! ramén skim ' the dream 's in the bellow Book , quickly skip to the end . he go grim . ramon we should not have go to the fifth floor . they frantically search -- stella where 's the elevator ?! int . fifth floor hallway - riverwell psychiatric - same time auggie tense , bath in a sea of red . he drop he candy and wheel out as fast as he can . auggie Red room . Red room . red room !!! auggie abandon he wheelchair , toppling it over as he charge out into a full sprint . 85 . everywhere auggie turn be red . there be no escape yet he desperately run . when he round a corner -- he come upon a endless corridor that stretch out to infinity . almost like a dream . auggie pivot around , only to find he 's trap inside some kind of labyrinth of red corridor . the sound of the real world drow out , as if underwater . auggie ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) I be not crazy , I be conscious . I be not crazy , I be conscious ... int . first floor - riverwell psychiatric - later the hospital be in chaos - patient huddle or scream , and orderly try to restrain they patient . they voice be drown out by the emergency klaxon . stella and ramén find the elevator and frantically push the call button . stella c’mon ... cc’mon ... int . dream corridor - riverwell psychiatric - same time auggie charge down another endless red corridor and turn to find a dead end . unable to escape the nightmarish red maze , auggie stop , sobbing in fear . in he state of panic , he fail to notice - on the wall behind he , a tiny point of plaster crack , leak trail of water , red as blood . the fissure spread release a trickle of river water ... and what look to be a finger poke through . follow by a red arm punch through the wall ! auggie turn and find a sinewy arm protrude through the wall , grasp . the limb unnaturally long for the human body . chip of plaster flake off as the hole get bigger . another elongate limb break through . we know who this be . auggie nononononononono -- ! 86 . the wall break as a besmear red sarah bellows be birthed from out of the seeping wall . auggie tremble as the story come true . he scream and run ! Sarah bellow shuffles behind , she twisted , naked and coat body leave a trail of red footprint behind . dream hallway auggie flee through wind , endless red corridor . he struggle with a handle . he bang on a door . auggie ( cont 'd ) help !!! it 's her ! it 's the witch ! after every turn , auggie look back and find the slow - move Sarah surprising closer . sarah bellows youuu maaay beee theee neeext ... auggie dart down another hallway , only to find Sarah now there too . always a little closer . maze of hallway auggie turn and try to escape . pant . as he run , he pass a window with people , only it 's -- the bellows family sit around they lavish dinner table in they house . they turn to stare with gaunt face . instead of a ham display in the middle of the feast , it 's a child 's decapitate head on a platter . no older than ten . auggie move past the dream- like window . refuse to quit . auggie I be not crazy , I be conscious . I be not crazy , I be conscious ... he turn a corner , and there 's Sarah again , shuffle closer . auggie ( cont 'd ) stelllaaaaa ? ! ext . first floor - riverwell psychiatric - same time the receptionist nurse spot stella and ramén wait for the elevator . reception nurse you ! 87 . she charge with two large orderly -- the elevator door open . stella and ramdén race inside and push the fifth floor button . the door seal just in time . Inside , they share a hopeful glance , but the floor number be slow to change . first level ... ... second level ... ramon come on ... int . dream corridor - riverwell psychiatric - same time with Sarah just twenty foot behind he , auggie turn another corner and find the elevator ! he rapidly hit the call button . eyeing Sarah shuffle towards he . auggie come on ... he try to pry the door open to no avail . int . elevator - riverwell psychiatric stella and ramén tensely watch the floor number on the elevator rise . third level ... fourth level ... they wait for the fifth level ... int . dream corridor - riverwell psychiatric - same time ding ! the elevator arrive before auggie . his face awash with hope , await for the door to open . Sarah near . int . elevator - riverwell psychiatric they elevator chime for stella and ramén . but when the door open -- they discover they elevator have be call to the 4 th floor , where deputy hobb stand with he back turn . ramén try to hit the button again , but hobb turn and be quick to draw he gun on they . deputy hobb out of the elevator ! you hand up ! 88 . int . dream corridor - riverwell psychiatric - same time auggie 's elevator door open , but it 's occupy by orderlies . the klaxon instantly shut off and the hallway return white . more importantly , sarah have disappeared . auggie tremble in fright , confuse . auggie the witch ... she be just here ! the orderly suspiciously eye he in he red patient gown . auggie ( cont 'd ) she almost get I ! t- the room be red , and ... ( catch on ) «+ . no , no , it 's not what you think . they firmly grab hold of he . auggie ( cont 'd ) no wait ! I do not belong here ! I snuck in . I be not crazy ! orderly sure . sure you be not . auggie no ! please ! I ’m not crazy !!! i'm conscious !! the red room ! it be the witch !!! it be sarah bellows ! the orderly drag auggie away behind two door that read : electroconvulsive SHOCK therapy . int . SHOCK therapy - riverwell psychiatric - moment later the orderly strap auggie into a straight jacket . auggie please . i- I be not crazy -- they restrain auggie down onto a gurney . auggie ( cont 'd ) I do not want this to be the way it end ... I should 've read ... I should 've read ... red ... everything's red ...! 89 . they shut he up by a wooden handle between he tooth . auggie let out a muffle scream as they begin strapping electrode to he temple . he shake he head , unable to stop it . the electroshock machine charge up with electricity . int . first floor - riverwell psychiatric - same time stella and ramén be distraught as they handcuff when -- bzz2 ZZ2 ZZZ - the light flicker as a surge of power be feel throughout the hospital . along with auggie 's distant scream . time slow as ram6én wither , deeply devastate . stella release a long , anguished scream . she fall upon she knee as the deputy restrain she . stella be laid to waste . CUT to : int . detention cell - mill valley police - later that night clang ! a old jail door be slam shut on stella . ramén be in he own cell , share a wall of bar between they . the room be bare , save for a fireplace and a fold chair . deputy hobb lock up . ramon you do not understand . we be innocent ! the Book be curse , man ! deputy hobb sure it be . while ramén fight for he life , stella slump in a corner . ramon at least give we the book before it 's too late ! if we could save Alice , we can save ourselves ! deputy hobb you do not hear ? Alice died_on the way to the hospital . ramén pale . stella scoff - despondent . 90 . deputy hobb ( cont 'd ) whatever you guy be into , I would start tell the truth . Cause someone 's gotta pay . ramon we be tell the truth ! deputy hobb leave as they plea fall on deaf ear , take the Book with he . ramén fall to the ground . defeat . stella ( numb ) they do not believe we ... just like they do not believe Sarah . Alice die ... just like the story say . whatever 's write , come true . ramon so the son of a war hero , die a two - bit hood . stella I do not think -- ramon it do not matter what you think . it 's the storey you leave behind . what people believe ... it 's all storey ... they come up with the right lie and we go to war -- they say the freeway will bring progress and it kill the town . he hit he head against the wall , remember something he can not get out of he head . ramon ( cont 'd ) when my father return from war , when I be a kid , I remember the ticker tape that would fall out of he clothes . they could not look at he , but they love he . ( beat ) I hate he . when I catch up enough courage , I finally ask he . ' what kind of father would jump on a grenade , know he have a kid back at home . 's y’know what he say ? ( to stella ) ' what sort of father would I be if I have not ? 's 91 . stella see ramén in a new light . he make himself laugh , perhaps to prevent he tear . ramon ( cont 'd ) I do not understand it at the time . but after all of this shit ... if I get outta here , I have do the same . stella my father will never know . if I could to talk to he -- tell he I believe he now . ( hopeless ) we be gonna die . but I wanna live . ( resolute ) I want to live . ram6 én grab she hand between the bar , try to comfort she . but they both know they fate be all but seal . int . MAIN office - police station - same deputy hobb sit at he desk , await sheriff milner . he read the bellow Book , with trigger lay at he foot . deputy hobb ( to trigger ) can you believe what the kid this day be read ? he turn a page to a new chapter '' I tie dough - ty Walker '' . we notice it 's no longer blank , but cover in write . as he read , he brow narrow . eye lock in . could it be ? int . detention cell - continuous stella and ramén rise as deputy hobb forcefully enter . a palpable tension in the air . the man look unhinge . deputy hobb how have you get my name in that book ? they share a look of distress , unsure how to answer . hobb open the cylinder to he revolver and insert bullet . ramon it write itself . but you name should not be in it . you never go into the hou -- 92 . he close the cylinder and point he gun at ramén . he fire - bang ! the bullet SPARKS off a cell bar . stella scream . ramon ( cont 'd ) jesus ! be you insane ?!! deputy hobb shut you mouth , wetback . ( beat ) now I have question and one of you will give I answer . hobb keep the gun point at ramdén as he talk to stella . deputy hobb ( cont ’d ) that 's one sick story you write , but how do you know you have be lock up in here ? stella please . it 's like he say . it be not we , it be the -- bang ! another fire ring out ! this time make contact with the brick wall over ramén 's head ! they scream . deputy hobb do he bring you into this ? handsome , older boy , invite you into some trouble ? stella we go into the bellow house ... and find that Book ... kurt follow we in ... hobb aim he anger and he gun at the cower ramén , he 's sure not to miss this time . stella talk twice as fast . stella ( cont 'd ) Sarah bellow , she murder we friend , and kurt , and my mom . please - you have to believe we - it 's the truth ... deputy hobb that ain't the truth ! hobb point the gun at stella , a feed up man . ramon do not -- ! 93. stella ( through sob ) you have to tell my dad ... I know it be not he ... it be Sarah in the car ... just tell my dad ... we do not write the storey -- as stella weep , hobb keep he gun train on she . then -- trigger casually saunter in as the tension hit its climax . all three eye the dog as it sit and curiously stare at the fireplace , as if await something . the dog yelp and whine at the hearth , as if try to speak actual word - ' wee rai rowly rawer 's . hobb lower he revolver , even more perturb . deputy hobb that be in the story . how have you make my dog do that ? stella and ramén share a startle look , realize ... stella who else 's name be in the story ? trigger wag he tail , stare off at something unseen . he whimper . all three look at the chimney , alarmed . deputy hobb you okay , boy ? he try to comfort he dog , only it will not break its stare from the fireplace . he yelp louder , ' wee rai rowly rawer !' deputy hobb ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with he ? they stare at the mutt , try to decipher the strange dog - like moan . almost like word . it dawns on stella first -- stella ' I tie dough - ty Walker 's . trigger , louder : ' wee rai rowly rawer ! wee rai rowly rawer !' ramon who 's name be in the story ?! they back away in they cell - hope fleeting . 94 . deputy hobb what have you do to my dog ?! stella please ! you have to let we out of here . ramon one of we be gonna die next . who 's name be in the story ?! deputy hobb ( feed up , to ramén ) your , okay ? it 's you . stella look to ramén - he heart skip a beat . trigger skitter , bark at the fireplace . something hard and fleshy bounce down the chimney , then - the bloody head of sarah bellows roll across the floor and come to a stop ! sarah bellows head ...- youuu maaay beee theee neeext ... deputy hobb 's eye bulge . deputy hobb what the f-- stella listen to I . if we do not get out of here , ramén be go to die . deputy hobb snap out of it and grab he key ring but -- trigger turn on he master with a low and guttural growl . deputy hobb Boy , it 's I ... the dog snap and start barking . drool foam from he mouth . ramon do not just stand there , get I outta here ! two rotted feet tumble from out of the hearth next . deputy hobb be not sure what to do , but finally move to unlock the teens , when -- 95 . trigger chomp onto he arm ! he scream in pain as he drop he key just short of stella 's cell . trigger thrashes as deputy hobb howl . ramén can do nothing but watch the horror unfold . stella reach for the key , but they be just out of grasp . two rotted legs topple from the fireplace and then attach themselves to the foot . fleshy body part spasm on the ground like suffocating fish . a torso and chest cavity wriggle up to the leg , rise before they . then chunks of shoulder meat ... a pair of forearm , rotted hand ... and finally a smile head ... sarah' disjointed and rotted body rise . she lurch toward the wail sheriff -- hold down by trigger , further sink he tooth into he master 's arm . deputy hobb look up in horror at the smile face of Sarah . she look he deep in the eye -- then snap he neck ! the deputy 's body land with a thud ! stella and ramén react -- all hope of they escape now dead on the ground . rotted Sarah rear she neck -- stare at ramén . Sarah start to lurch toward he cell . ramon ( cont 'd ) open it ! open it ! stella I can not reach the key ! ramén back away as Sarah hobble outside he cell , she arm reach through the bar . Sarah begin to squeeze she rotten head through the bar . her skull crunch and indent , allow she head through . ramon get the keys ! stella my arm be not long enough !! Sarah dislocate she shoulder , push one arm through , then crunch she chest cavity through . she 's inside ! rotted Sarah grasp for ramén , when - stella reach through the bar and grab Sarah ! 96 . the mere touch of she cause stella 's eye to turn white as she begin to choke -- water pour out of stella 's mouth -- ramon stella ! -- stella 's deaden eye look up -- the bright lamp above blinding ... angle race into the light , and -- underwater —- time unknown stella be suddenly submerge underwater . a hand tight around she neck . but as she try to make out what be on the other side of the water 's surface -- -- it be not Sarah . but Sarah 's Father , arnold bellows . Three son surround the patriarch , watch stella drow . a cold matriarch hold a infant watch on without intervention . she try to scream , but can not get any air out of she lung . she fixate on something over the faceless man -- a pair of masonry chimney that belong to the bellows mansion . just as stella 's eye drift close and she body go limp -- int . detention cell - return to present day ramén see they struggle have kick the key closer to he . he reach out and stretch for the key . he snare they ! after unlock himself , he see stella hold Sarah back . drown from the water pour out of she mouth ... ramén grab the revolver off the floor and -- bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! bullet strike the corpse of Sarah , torquing she body free from stella ! click ! click ! click !... stella fall to the floor in a heap , gag and cough . ram6n open she cell and help stella to she foot . she struggle to catch she breath . still alive , rotted Sarah lunge for ramén again -- -- only for he to slam the cell door close on she ! ramon come on ! ram6én grab stella 's hand -- 97 . int . MAIN office - police station - same before they race out of the main office -- stella break she grip with Ramon ... to retrieve the bellow Book . ext . mill valley police station - night - continuous ramén open the squad car , but it 's lock . stella anxious . trigger jump on the hood of the car , snarling . they yell ! the sarah bellows 's corpse stumble she way towards they ! suddenly , a police cruiser barrel into Sarah ! she explode and rain down in body part . a window lower , revealing - sheriff milner . look spook . sheriff milner get in ! stella and ramén dive into the car , close the door just as trigger attack , claw at the window . milner can not take he eye off the body part on the street ahead , flopping on the pavement . some begin to rejoin , slowly rebuild back into a rotted Sarah . close on her head roll to a stop , screeching a deafen scream ! the cruiser 's wheel kick up dirt and peel off . int . sheriff cruiser - drive - night as sheriff milner drive , stella and ramén gasp in relief . they know they be save from a inch of they life . ram6n cling to the mesh screen divide they . ramon thank you , thank you , thank you ! sheriff milner what the hell be that ? ramon you see it too ? thank GOD you see it ! you finally believe we . 98 . stella that 's what kill you son . and will kill we too unless we get as far away from here as possible ... stella start to read the rest of ' I tie dough -ty Walker 's . stella ( cont 'd ) the storey . there 's no way to stop they once they have be write . sheriff milner that be Sarah bellow ? ramén have never hear sweeter word . ramon you even know she name ?! I love you , man . I love the law ! just drive , man . open she up . ( to stella ) how do I die in the end ? stella finish read to herself , then mournfully look up . ramon ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ... I can handle it . I would rather know . she catch the sheriff 's cold glance in the rearview mirror . stella he shoot you . milner drive coolly , never take he eye off the road . ramon ( incredulous ) what ? you have get to be kid I . stella his father ... he be the doctor in charge at the hospital . he help the bellow cover it up . the cb radio spark up . a out of jurisdiction dispatcher . dispatcher ( 0.s. ) sheriff , we be get a unusual amount of call . be you pick up the phone -- the sheriff click off he cb . they drive in eerie silence . 99 . sheriff milner you just have to go into that damn house . they try to force they door open , to no avail . outside cruiser as the cruiser drive down a desert highway ... stella and ramén claw at the door and window -- kick and scream -- but they muffle cry for help go unnotice . ext . bellows estate - night - later the sheriff 's cruiser pass through the property gate and cross a small bridge over a dry riverbed , wind up the hill to where the bellow mansion once stand . the entire estate have be raze down to dirt and debris , except for the brittle remain of the dual chimney stack . ext . bellows dam - night - later the cruiser have park beside a dry riverbed and a small masonry arch - wall dam . Beyond it , the remain of a river along with rusty iron frame , chloridize leeching tank , and drain box make up the derelict rail yard . headlights illuminate the dam , where sheriff milner have a shovel , pick axe and some bag of cement . in the back of the cruiser stella and ramén struggle , both of they hand now cuffed behind they back . she spot the dual chimney stack and wane as she recognize it as the location from she vision . stella this be where they take she . this be where she family murder she . ramon misery love company . stella ( strike ) they bury the body in the dam . on milner 100 . stack of cobblestone be pile aside as milner dig a shovel into fresh earth . a hole big enough for two grave . he sweat with each burrow into the ground . his voice raise -- sheriff milner I be tell I only need to keep the secret -- but then you mother have go into that house -- now ' cause of you , my son be dead - and once you be dead and bury , everything will settle down -- just as it always do . his shovel scrape dirt aside , incidentally expose the skeletal remain of a abnormally enlarged skull . milner keep digging , pay no mind . in the back of the cruiser stella writhes as they try to escape . she press she face against ramén 's in what appear to be a passionate gesture . ramon ( share passion ) if this be it , may as well -- ramén attempt to meet she lip , but it be not reciprocate . stella scrunches to get she arm under she rear , bring the cuff in front of she . it finally don on ramén -- ramon ( cont 'd ) oh good . you can do that . ( turn ) now help I out . stella ignore ramén in favor of grab the bellow Book . ramon ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? with she hand cinched , she open to the last chapter . the story of ' the haunted House 's be still unwritten . stella whatever be write , come true . ( search ) Pen ... pen ... pen ... ramon what ? 101 . stella we have to write she story . it 's the only way for she to hear the truth . ram6n catch on . he turn he pelvis to she . ramon Front pocket . stella grab auggie 's old break pen . ramén keep one eye on milner as stella begin write . her word escape she lip as if in a fever dream . stella '' Sarah bellow be a sweet , young - lonely girl whose parent never let she out of the house ... '' ramén look out the window and go in awe at something os . on sheriff milner he finish mixing some wet cement in a wheelbarrow . he rise and wipe he brow . the wind howl and sweep past he . feeling watch , he slowly turn , he frame move aside - revealing the bellow 's house fully rebuilt in the distance . milner can not believe he eye . he look to the cruiser and he eye narrow on stella write in stride . he stab he shovel into the earth . in the back of the cruiser stella now see the house on the hill , gobsmack . ramon write , stella . hurry ! she return to scribbling out word , almost illegible , when -- stella 's door rip open and she be yanked out of the car . the Book go fly along with she glass . sheriff milner you don ’t know what you 're do ! stella hit the dirt hard . she struggle to see , but spot she glass behind she , and the Book between she and milner . fuck the glass . she crawl toward the book. 102 . milner approach , take he revolver out of the holster . sheriff milner ( cont ’d ) do not you see , darling ? if they find out the water be spoiled , there would be no mill Valley ... ramén see this as he chance . he gather he courage -- from out of the cruiser come a warrior 's cry . ramén launch himself out of the back and tackle milner to the ground . stella grab the Book but be vex - she know ramdén will never win this fight with he hand cuffed behind he back . stella no , you story -- ramon run , stella , write ! as ramén and milner wrestle , stella take the Book and dart towards the bellow 's House , trip over the tall grass . milner try to get to he gun , but ramén do everything in he power to stop he . he 's throw back -- ramén 's face hit the dirt , in plain view of -- headlights illuminate a upright pick axe dissect the print word on a box of '' meatier sand '' and '' doughty WALKER cement '' to reveal the word '' I tie doughty WALKER '' . ram6n smirk as it gravely don on he -- ramon ( cont 'd ) so that 's why it 's call that . on stella - running as she approach the bellow 's House , a deafen gun shot ring out into the night . she stutter , fear ramén 's fate . but she continue on , never look back . behind her milner rise out of the tall grass . sheriff milner come back here , stella ! on stella at bellows house 103 . another gunshot ring out and the bullet whizze by . heart racing , she enter the house . int . bellows estate - yesteryear stella burst through the front door , confuse and alone ... only the place be not cold and crumble , but warm and lavish . the fixture cast the elegant interior in a ghostly light . confused , she return to write in the Book , recite : stella '' Sarah feel alone , so she write scary storey for the child . and they would come visit from all around for they love to hear she read ... '' the sound of child laughing . Little foot pitter -patter across wood floor , gather someplace . stella peer into the grand library , where it 's now line with book . a young sarah sit in a rock chair with a large group of child seat around she . she smile as she finish read a story she 's write in a child - like voice : young sarah ... " he 's not a hairless '' , the vet say , '' he 's not even a dog . '' child what be it ? young sarah it be a sewer rat with raby ! the kid squeal with laughter and scare , while Sarah giggle and enjoy tell the spooky tale . it 's as if the ghostly inhabitant of yesteryear be pre-record memory . stella have a bewilder look - be this really happen ? suddenly , the front door to the manor slam OPEN , revealing - sheriff milner . he reload , but he bullet slip out of he hand as he be awestruck by the sudden transformation of the house . he gather himself , then return to the hunt . 104 . a child who Young Sarah be read to turn he head to look straight at he , break the fourth wall . his skin be pale and sickly . River water start pour from he mouth . milner fire at the apparition , to no effect . realizing they be no threat , the sheriff continue after stella . in the kitchen stella try to find safe refuge to write . she hide between a oven and wall , continue to write -- stella '' one day , the child start to get sick . and Sarah know it be the water . the water be be poison by she family 's rail yard ... '' the pipe in the wall rattle . Household item tremble . the kitchen faucet burst dirty water . it bleed through crack in the wall , seeping out of ceiling and floor . all around , pool of river water gather . as if the house be weep . in a dine room milner be startle by the water pressure building and moan in the wall . he eye the stairway where massive amount of river water waterfall down . he spot movement in the kitchen and fire . in the kitchen stella scream as the bullet ricochet nearby . she break from she write and race to the next room , get wet . in the library stella enter the giant library where river water drain down from above . she look for a place to hide , then spot - the alcaraz rug cover the cellar hatch in the floor . she move the rug aside and hide down in Sarah 's hide bedroom . a moment later milner step in . he use he ear as much as he eye . he study the library . shelves fill with a myriad of book . in sarah' bedroom stella hold she breath below the hatch . hope it will work . in library 105 . milner 's boot step onto the alcaraz rug , leave askew . his boot take another step . the hide hatch creak . in sarah' bedroom stella close she eye . silently praying . all go quiet . in library milner 's foot casually push aside a corner of the rug to reveal the cellar hatch . he know this be where she 's hide . in sarah 's bedroom stella hold she breath in fear , unable to write a word . Water seep and drain into the basement room , pool . in library milner lower down to lift the hatch door , when the wall of book behind he move . some jut out , other retract -- create the impression of sarah 's face . when he slowly turn to witness it , Sarah 's impression open its mouth , inhale book into a dark , wind tunnel abyss . milner empties he gun , hit nothing but book and parchment . the impression scream as the wind flurry . milner 's hat be suck off into the void . he dig he heel in to try to reload , but the gust take he gun too . a look of fear wash over he as he be pull toward the bookshelf . heel scraping . he cover he face and then -- he scream as he be sucked into the abyss . the tremendous wind die down as loose book page flutter to the floor . in sarah 's bedroom stella 's breath quicken . unsure of what happen . she hold onto the hatch , question whether it 's safe to come out . in the library a pair of feet step out from the void in the book shelf ... rotted sarah limp into the library in she hazel gown . crook , elongate limb . a damage , child - like mind . her mouth be agape with river water pour out . Sarah lurch she mangle body towards the cellar hatch . in sarah 's bedroom 106 . stella decide it 's time to open the hatch , but -- sarah 's mangle face be right there ! stella scream . the hatch door crash down as she fall deeper into the cellar , splash into the water now up to she waist . a banging on the hatch door . she 's try to get in . stella look for a way out , but there be none . she reclaim the Book ... only now the page be all wet . regardless , she write . the ink bleed on the page . stella ( cont 'd ) '' when the child start die , Sarah confront she family ... " the banging intensify . stella write on -- stella ( cont 'd ) '' but she family would not listen to Young Sarah . and to protect the family name , they murder the child and hide they body in the dam . and then tell everyone that she be the monster . '' more violent banging . it 's deafen ... then silence . ext . mill valley street —- night driving he pickup , oren overhear on the radio : disk jockey ( radio ) I really do not know what to make of it , but this be the third caller who 's call in to say something odd be go on over by the bellow property . do not ask I what -- oren yank the steering , accelerate towards the property . int . sarah 's basement bedroom - same time stella shiver , the rise water up to she chest . her tremble hand struggle to write clearly . 107 . stella '' , .. her family lock she away in riverwell , where they make she forget the truth , so that she would believe she family 's lie ... '' behind stella , rotted Sarah 's cockey face slowly rise up from out of the water , inside the room . stella ( cont 'd ) '' and when she try to fix what be break , they murder she -- with they bare hand ... Sarah hate she family for they betrayal ... so she curse they and everyone who go into they house . '' rotted Sarah release a banshee - like scream ! stella drop the book into the dark water . she swim back and push float article to create distance . she choke on a mouthful of water as she search the room , look for the book . but now rotted Sarah be go too . stella 's head crank , try to cover every direction . something touch she back -- she spin to find -- the Book . stella 's foot find some foot stand on a dresser . she put she pen back to paper , only it 's not write anymore . the parchment be completely waterlogged . stella ( cont 'd ) no , no , no . come on . please -- underwater Pov : stella 's vulnerable body . her voice muffle . stella find a quietness that come over the room . the ripple calm ... without warning , stella 's violently yanked underwater . underwater stella thrashes and try to kick free from Sarah 's grasp . the Book float away from stella 's grasp , sink . stella struggle for air , and to break free . the Book too far from she grasp . she scream , release a explosion of bubbles , desperate to reach the surface . she 's drown and slowly lose consciousness . and then a distant voice . almost dreamy . 108 . dinah michael ( v.o. ) do not you want to know how the story end ?... i’1ll help you . her mother 's voice stir stella awake from the sink slumber . she kick she leg free from Sarah 's grasp ... and explode out of the water , fill she lung with life . she ignore the Book and clear she throat . confident . stella we be not all at fault . we do not do this to you , Sarah . my friend , I ... my mother ... ( infinite sadness ) ... her name be dinah beatrix michael . rotted Sarah 's curdle face slowly rise just a breath from stella 's . a newfound curiosity about what she be say . stella ( cont 'd ) but she be not always a michael ... at first , she be a bellow . tremble , stella continue , with she deep confession . stella ( cont 'd ) she be you daughter you carry at riverwell , be not she ? do you remember ? they rip she out of you arm before they murder you . rotted Sarah be lose in a flood of painful memory . stella hold strong , never take she eye off of Sarah . stella ( cont 'd ) you curse you family and so you curse mine . but you be not the monster , Sarah . they be . you do not want to hurt anyone , because this be not you . you forget who you be . Sarah 's eye fix onto stella 's . a fleeting moment of clarity . the water level quickly continue to rise . stella ( cont 'd ) you be a sweet girl , Sarah . and this be you story . stella take she last gulp of air as the water rise over they head , submerging they both . underwater 109 . Sarah no longer look ' rotted 's - stella see the real sarah bellows for the first time . Sarah sweetly smile and gently move back a float wisp of hair from stella 's face . just like loulou describe , she be a sight . a soul that have be set free from the lie that have be hold she hostage . the two woman float in the center of the water - fill room , furnishings drift about . if stella could hold she breath forever , she would stay to look at she grandmother 's face ... close on : the bellow Book float by to the last page of '' I tie dough -ty Walker '' that describe ramén 's death . the ink from the freshly write letter drift off the page ... stella be hypnotize by Sarah . she may never come up for air . the last bit of breath escape she lip . and then -- the hatch open above the surface , let in light . a arm plunge into the water , pull stella up . in the library stella be yank onto the library floor , gasping for air , cough . she be shocked to see -- ramén , clutches he bloody gut from a near fatal bullet wound . stella wrap she arm around he as he wince . stella ( cont 'd ) you be alive ! ramon you change the end . you save I . stella we save she . ext . new bellows estate - continuous oren pull to a stop at the bellow estate where some onlooker have gather , share hushed whisper . his jaw drop see the newly restore bellows house . the front door open , with stella and ramén exite . overcome with emotion , oren push through the crowd to be with he daughter . oren stell ? ! 110 . stella turn to see she father . his presence be far more spectacular than anything that have happen to she . stella dad ! she run to he . they meet in a long embrace . he hold she , never want to let go . through tear -- stella ( cont 'd ) it be not you ... I know it be not you . I know the truth . oren the truth do not matter , stella . only you do . I be so worried . ( beat ) what happen to you ? stella story hurt . story heal . he break the embrace to look she in the eye , as if to convince himself she really be okay ... stella beam , tear of joy in she eye . a brightness exude . oren embrace she again . they relationship make whole . he know this be not he sad daughter anymore . stella be reborn . stella close she eye , take in the moment . ramén be overjoy at the sight , partly wishing he father be there too . but then he see something horrific -- the front door to the house kick open to a wind - ravage sheriff milner ! he look like he 's crawle out of the sludge from hell . he raise he gun , when - the ground beneath the bellow House give way , and a portion of the estate collapse into a sinkhole . the startle crowd gasp . sheriff milner look up at the house , unsure if the rest of it be go to fall on he . then -- the base of the looming on - ramp sink into the ground . the soak foundation of earth grow unstable , cause rebar to bend and groan , chunks of concrete to crumble from above ... before the sheriff can run away , the entire crowd watch the on-ramp all come crashing down . he scream as - 111 . craaaaash ! - a mountain of concrete and iron plummet down , destroy the bellow House and sheriff milner with it . as the dust settles , all that remain be a mountain of debris . stella and ramén eye the pile of rubble , unsure if it 's really over . oren what just happen ? ramon I think she fix thing . oren look confuse , but stella know he 's right . slowly pan up on the three as the crowd behind they marvel at the destruction of the bellow House . disk jockey ( v.o. ) happy Thanksgiving , mill Valley , or should I say the new era of Dick . Richard Nixon can not save we now . dissolve to : ext . neighborhood STREET - mill valley - week later the last remain Autumn leave cling to frigid tree . a slight frost on people 's lawn . Winter at the doorstep . disk jockey ( v.o. ) let I tell ya , folk ... as much as this crazy world be fill with lie and hypocrisy , I like to believe there be still some storey out there worth a damn . and I have never find it more evident than right here in we backyard . a bundle Paper Boy sling newspaper on he route . on the front page , a picture of the bellow family , Sarah , and the murder young child . disk jockey ( v.0o . ) she do not do it . plain and simple . ( beat ) why do we believe then ? Cause we be afraid of what we do not know . we be afraid of what 's in the dark . but when we turn on the light ... most of the time , it 's we . at the dam 112 . City worker and detective continue they arduous work at slowly break up the dam , remove skeletal remain . disk jockey ( v.0o . ) wake up , people . we forefather ... be cocksucke murderer . they have laid the piece of bone on a tarp like a puzzle . it 's the make of nine child , and one young adult . disk jockey ( v.0o . ) and because we city be build on they evil deed ... the state do some soil test , and would not you know , we land be foundationally unsound to build a freeway on . int . morale 's home - night ramén spoon feed food into he father 's mouth as they watch tv in the family room . the distance that once divide they be now go . disk jockey ( v.0o . ) we town life again ... for now . on tv : official stand before a board , posting birthdate in ascend order . seat corespondent roger mudd inform : roger mudd tonight for the first time in 27 year the United States have again start a draft lottery , and the famous first pick tonight be ... ramén hear something that give he pause , the spoon linger in the air , freeze in time . it may as well be he birthday . his mother 's hand comfort he . he look to he father , fear in he eye . they meet in they fragility . ext . cemetery - day stella lay a bouquet of yellow flower at dinah 's grave . behind she stand ramén , clean - shaven and in a army uniform . they walk past a few other gravestone that have be leave similar yellow bouquet ... auggie hilderbrandt , Charles and Alice Steinberg , even kurt milner . 113 . disk jockey ( v.0o . ) so let 's be nice to each other , because eventually , we all have to move on . they meet at oren 's pickup , its bed pack with move box . before stella go , she give ramén a last embrace . as if they both know there may never be one again . for a moment , it look like they may kiss , but they pull away - know it 's 1ll only make it harder to say goodbye . disk jockey ( v.0o . ) and would not you like to leave this world a little better than how you leave it ? I know what I want to be play at my funeral . this be ' hey Jude 's ... the Beatles '' hey Jude '' play as stella get into she father 's truck and drive away . ext . bellows property - later oren wait in he idling truck , ready to leave town for good . stella walk up the long driveway that lead to what be leave of the bellow estate , hold one last bouquet for Sarah . Wild flower and tall grass have already start to grow in the crevice of the ruin estate . stella climb to the top of the rubble , where a small tree have strangely already begin to sprout . she take a moment for herself . and gently lay the bouquet down . and then rest on the grass - — look up to the clear , blue sky . stella lies - storey and lie ... now everybody know . that you be not evil . that you be in pain . there be no darkness in you heart -- she look up -- a black cloud cross the sun -- -- then the sound of a faint music box . the playful melody -- you May be the next. 114 . concerned , stella turn to see -- her pretty yellow flower brown and will before she eye . they sour until they be nothing but crippled stalk . even the Beatles rendition slow and warp ... like a break record player underwater . stella turn to she father , fearful of what may come next -- sarah' rotted arm erupt from the earth , clutching she ! stella scream bloody murder , as the arm pull she down , into the earth -- scream . the end