ext drew's house '' night modest home on the outskirt of town where no one can hear you scream , halloween night . int . drew's kitchen @ night close on young hollywood starlet , a little adorable sexpot we would all love to see kill for this scene . she grab a tin skillet of " jiffy pop " and put it on the light stove . phone ring . she answer . drew hello . a raspy male voice with a southern accent familiar to most Americans . v.o. bill hey baby , what be you wear ? I get a new box of cigar I want you to®@ drew hi Bill . look , I can not talk right now . v.o. bill aw , come on . it take two bottle of Wild Turkey to get hillary to sleep . can not you just talk for a minute ? drew I be sorry . I can not . I get company come any second . v.o. bill alright , well give I a kiss . she blow he a kiss . v.o. bill ( cont 'd ) remember baby , who 's yo daddy ! a long tongue come through the phone and lick she face . she slam down the phone . drew pervert . phone ring again . drew look Bill , I tell you '' scary voice who 's Bill ? be that you boyfriend ? drew who be this ? scary voice tell I you name and I will tell you mine . drew I do not think so . scary voice what 's that noise ? drew oops , I farted , I do not think you would hear I . scary voice no , that pop noise . drew oh , I be make popcorn . I be get ready to watch a video . scary voice really ? what 's it call ? drew Big black jock @ it 's my favorite . there 's this guy in it , Jimmy dang a lang . he 's hang like scary voice what about scary movie ? do you have a favorite ? drew oh. uhh@ the one where the girl get harass on the phone . ( she pass a " scream " poster ) a beat . scary voice you have a nice voice , and you look good in that tight blue sweater . drew ( frighten ) oh my God ! you can see I ? I have not even finish put on my make -up ! she hang up , run to a mirror , start fix she hair and put on lipstick . phone ring . she do not answer . it stop . suddenly she pager go off . page read " killer 911 " . Drew scream . then the computer voice say " you have a threat . " phone ring again . Drew answer . scary voice do not ever hang up on I again ! drew what do you want ? scary voice to see you split up the middle . drew sorry , I do not do g-string . she hang up . the phone ring immediately . drew look you asshole . my boyfriend 's gonna be here any second , and he play football , and he will kick the shit out of you . scary voice oh , really ? turn on the porch light . Drew turn on the porch light . we see a teenage boy strapped to a chair , he mouth cover with duct tape . drew that 's not my boyfriend . I fuck he a couple of time . but that 's all . the light go out . drew look , I be call the cop . scary voice you might want to check the back door first . you forget to lock it . she scream and drop the phone in horror . she race to the back door . ext . drew's back door @ night we see a shadowy figure also run to the back door . int . drew's back door @ night she get there one step ahead of the shadowy figure and lock the door , then chain it , then put " the Club " over the doorknob . Drew back away from the door in terror . the figure disappear . the suspense mount '' ding dong ! the doorbell . Drew be freeze in fear @ who be it ? she punch 9 - 1 - 1 on she cordless , then put the receiver to she ear . scary voice ( from phone ) be not you go to answer the door ? drew please@stop® scary voice what 's the matter , Drew ? not have fun anymore ? ding dong ! scary voice ( cont 'd ) answer it . drew no® scary voice it could be you friend . it 's be ten minute . int . / ext . drew's front door @ night she move to the front door slowly , then grab a baseball bat out of the hall closet . drew ( grip bat ) I be not afraid of you '' scary voice then open the door . she raise the bat , then close she eye and fling the door open . with eye still close , she flail away with the bat . drew take that you psycho !! bang ! thud ! crunch ! she connect with several swing . she open she eye to find three little trick or treaters , now lie knock out on the front porch . drew ( cont 'd ) oops® she apologetically toss the child candy , which only land uselessly next to they break arm . the child groan in pain as she close the door . little boy I can not feel my legs® int . drew's front door @ night Drew lock the door . as she turn , we see the killer 2 right behind she . the killer have on scream attire . he raise a wick look knife and creep up behind she . killer hello Drew . Drew freeze in she track @ it 's the same scary voice from the phone .. she turn to see the killer and scream ! Drew take off run , the killer in pursuit . she go out the front door . ext . drew's front yard @ night killer follow she at the casual horror movie pace . Drew see a sign . it read : safety ( Left arrow ) , death ( right arrow ) . she run to the right . Drew run . she stumble . new angle @ reveal she " S laying in a perfect chalk outline of her body . the killer be right behind , still walk at a casual pace . Drew look over she shoulder . no matter how fast she run , the killer keep get closer . reveal Drew be on a treadmill . it stop . she check she pulse , take off run . killer catch up . the killer grab she sweater . she slip out of it expose she bouncy bra clad breast . the chase continue . the killer grab she skirt . she slip out of it . Drew , in full sprint , in only a bra and panty , she hair short and wild . the sprinkler come on spraying she with water . slow motion drew run through the water . Drew look seductively at the camera as she shake the water from she hair , continue to seduce the lens as she caress she breast and run she finger through she hair . back to normal , the killer close in . he grab she around the neck , raise he knife , plunge it into she chest . a loud popping SOUND . close on knife as it pull back . on the end of it , a leaking breast implant . Drew , wounded , continue to run with one deflate breast , the other normal . Drew see headlight in the distance . she run towards the car . the killer wipe the implant off he knife and give chase . Drew stand on the road wave she arm at a oncoming car . drew daddy , mommy , help ! help I ! ext . drew's house / road @ night ( car ) dad be drive , obviously not pay attention to the road , slam into Drew , send she fly . mom pop up from dad be lap . mom do you hear something ? dad Nah , I do not hear nothing . he push she head back down into he lap . Drew , lie on the road semi-conscious , the killer stand over she . the killer kneel and straddle she . close on the knife . it strike the fatal blow . int . cindy room @ night Cindy type on she computer , a noise outside she window . Cindy look at she window . theme music from Dawson 's Creek play as a male cast member climb through the window . cast member realize he 's in the wrong place . dawson cast member sorry , wrong set . he leave through the adjacent window . enter Bobby . cindy Bobby , what be you do ? my dad 's in the other room . bobby it just occur to I I never climb in you window before . cindy well , now that you get it out of you system '' suddenly the bedroom door burst open . the doorknob catch on the open closet door jam it , hold it in place . Cindy 's dad look through the partially open door . dad what 's go on in there ? cindy can you knock ? dad I think I hear scream . cindy no , you do not . dad must have be that ' shroom I have earlier . look , I gotta leave town . a recent business venture go bad , some money come up miss . I gotta lay low for a while . Ifa man name tito call , tell he to page I . if they raid the place® cindy I never hear of you . dad and do not forget® cindy @to flush you stash . dad if you need some money , I leave a little something in the coffee can . be sure to cut it or somebody 's gonna o.d. cindy have a good trip . dad sleep tight sweetie . Cindy close the door . cindy that be close . bobby I be home watch " the exorcist " , and it get I think of you . cindy if this be about the time I puke green slime and masturbate with a crucifix , it be my first keg party . bobby no , the movie be edit for t.v . all the good stuff be cut out . cindy so you think you would just climb through my window and we would play bump bump ? as they talk , a young STREET hood climb in the window and start load thing into a sack , no one notice . bobby well , I be hope to get my ball lick but I would not dream of break you underwear rule . I just think we might do some " on top of the clothes " stuff . she snuggle up to he . cindy okay , just for a minute . they kiss and lay back on the bed . he lift up she nighty , slide he hand between she leg . she spread she leg . he feel a shock . bobby startled . instead of elastic , tiny barb wire run along the perimeter . there 's also a zap electrify fence and a sign read : no trespassing . bobby I see . undeterred , he kiss she again . STREET hood take bobby's wallet , put it in he sack and climb out the window . cindy ( break the kiss ) okay stud , you have to go now . they stand and walk to the window . cindy ( cont 'd ) I appreciate the romantic gesture . she take he finger and put it in she mouth suck it slowly . he take he finger out of she mouth @ it 's now three time its ' normal size and throbbing . bobby see what you do to I ? he start to climb out the window . cindy hey , would you settle for pg - 13 ? she open she top , expose she chest . we see eight tiny little titty . the shock send Bobby fall out of the window . cindy ( cont 'd ) goodnight '' ext . high school @ parking lot @ day Close on compact car . bumper sticker read " save the environment " . pull back reveal smoke billow out of the exhaust . Cindy arrive . brandy meet she curbside . brandy come on , girl , move you tired white ass . Cindy gather she book and purse from the car . cindy I be come . brandy move you pasty white , milk chalky , bologna smell , cracker devil , honky bit® cindy hello ?! brandy I be sorry girl . I rent " amistad " last night . I get issue . it 's cool . come on , we be gonna be late . they start to walk to class , when Cindy see buffy arrive via daddy 's new mercede . cindy wait , there 's buffy . brandy I do not know why you hang out with she . she 's such a ho . cindy why do you say that ? brandy Cause I have see she . my friend Sean have a pool party this summer . cindy Sean ? brandy you know , puff daddy . brandy ( cont 'd ) anyway , everybody be drink Crystal champagne . then it start to get wild , people be get freaky in the pool and stuff . I look over and there be you girl get buck wild in the jacuzzi . cindy so ? brandy with a backup dancer ! that 's lower than a security guard ! at least security can get you backstage . cindy I think buffy be sweet . brandy she 's as fake as press on nail . they greet buffy . brandy ( cont 'd ) hey girl , what 's up ? brandy and buffy kiss as though they be best friend . brandy ( cont 'd ) hey , lookin ' good , love you hair ! buffy thanks , just get it do . Cindy wave goodbye to buffy 's dad as he drive off . cindy bye Mr. Gilmore ! buffy ( not look back ) be he go ? cindy yes . buffy rip off she clothes , revealing a sexy outfit underneath . she let she hair down and with a shake of she head , a new do , worthy of a sex kitten . ext . high school @ front walkway @ day the girl walk together towards campus . brandy pass she a makeup pack . buffy apply she makeup . Cindy pass she the lipstick . two stroke and the transformation from daddy 's baby to every high school guy 's wet dream be complete . buffy I love this color ! cindy let I see that . Cindy check the label . cindy ( cont 'd ) you guy should not use this brand . brandy why not ? cindy because they test they make - up on animal . brandy so ? cindy have you see what they do to that poor animal ? Cindy show they a flyer that read " stop Animal test " . a picture of a monkey in full make -up . buffy ( take back the lipstick ) well , I be more of a people person . buffy ( cont 'd ) I would rather help my fellow man than some animal . a homeless man approach . homeless man spare a dollar ? buffy get away from I you bum ! cindy buffy !? can not you see that he 's just hungry ? Cindy give the man a sandwich from she lunch bag . cindy here you go . a nice sandwich . the girl walk away . suddenly , Cindy be hit in the back of the head by the sandwich . homeless man ( v.0 . ) I say a dollar bitch ! the girl attention be distract by a commotion on campus . buffy God , look at this place , it 's a circus ! ext . high school @ front @ day new angle @ hoard of media in the midst of the chaos , we pan around to see various reporter attempt to report the story . Close on young attractive overly ambitious woman , gail hailstorm , syndicate talk show host and author . gail be give a update on camera . behind she a obnoxious kid be mugging for the camera . gail hello , I be gail hailstorm , author of the book " you be Dead , I be Rich " . a small college town be in shock after the unthinkable have happen . kid in background be ham it up . gail ( cont 'd ) a brutal kill spree that leave one teen dead . kid really perform for the camera . gail , annoyed , turn and shoot the kid . gail ( cont 'd ) correction , two teens dead . next reporter , straight lace white male . white male reporter Police be search for clue . ext . high school @ curb side @ day then a black male reporter , barely outside of he van , hurriedly give he report . black male reporter report live for Black tv . White folk be dead , and we be about to get the hell out of here ! let 's roll , Jack . his crew jump in the van and they burn out . ext . high school @ front walkway @ day brandy do you believe this ? cindy what happen ? buffy do not you hear ? Drew decker get kill last night . cindy ( disturb ) what ? oh my God ! she sit next to I in English class . brandy be she a friend ? cindy no , I be gonna cheat off she test today . now I be like fuck ! do they know who do it ? brandy clueless . buffy they show a picture of she body on the news . it be pretty scary . cindy all the blood ? buffy no , she be wear a gucci sweater and payless shoe ! that 's such a fashion disaster ! do you think the press be go to interview we ? brandy no way . the press only want to interview the most ignorant person they can find . ext . high school @ day the media be surround a young black teen sport a short black afro with a pick stick out , a hemp embleme t-shirt and a roach clip on a chain around he neck . he smile , revealing a gold cap on a rotting tooth . his name be shorty . reporter can we have a word with you ? shorty oh shit , I be on tv . I wanna give a shout out to Shane and dem ! peace to my peep , much love to the east and west , tasha , wake up , the baby 's daddy be a staraah !! reporter what can you tell we about Drew decker ? shorty she get a fat ass , kid ! ya know what I mean ? ext . high school @ day Shorty stand smoking a fat joint , look up at two billboard ad . one read , " just say no . " the other , a nike ad that read , " just do it . " he look back and forth between the two . heavily contemplate both message . finally , he look down at he own tennis shoe . then back up to the nike ad . shorty yo , son , I be with you . just do that shit . he take a long drag off he joint and exit . ext . high school @ day Shorty and he homie kick it up on the school lawn . get high and trip off Drew 's death . shorty yo , son , that 's fuck up that Drew get kill . homie # 1 Word . shorty I do not even get to fuck she . homie # 2 true that . true that . shorty I be just glad that it be not one of we . homie # 1 Word ? shorty yo , son , do not you know ? a brotha’ never last long in this type of situation . homie # 2 true that . true that . shorty kid , in the most successful horror flick , most niggas do not even make it to the credit , yo . homie # 1 Word . shorty that 's why we as a people have to come together and show up to the movie on time if we want to see we black people die . if you stop to get a forty , you could miss the whole thing . homie # 2 true that . true that . shorty " Cause you know they be not go never let we play the homeopathic killer . homie # 1 Word . shorty oh , sure there 's that one cat , candyman , but they do not even let that brotha wear a mask . why not ? Jason , Michael myer , even the phantom of the Grand ole opry cover half he face . homie # 2 true that . true that . shorty but see , the thing be , they do not fit a description . on the other hand , without a mask , they could easily stick my man candy ina line up and frame he for some trump up bullshit . you see what I be say ? homie # 1 uh , word ? shorty and tell I this , why he always get to be on c.p. time ? shorty you have get to call the brotha ' repetitiously before he even show up . candyman ! candyman ! candyman ! nigga ' you hear I callin you . bring you pimp lookin ass on . off chase white girl . that 's what get you hand cut off in the first place . which bring I to my point , son . the two stare at he in confuse silence . shorty ( cont 'd ) ( as if it be obvious ) yo , it all start with a white girl . so you know what that mean . continue silence . shorty ( cont 'd ) Drew 's dead . we black . candy . man . it 's so obvious , kid . blank stare . shorty ( cont 'd ) I have get the munchy like a mutha’ fucka’ . suddenly clarity register with the homy . homie # 1 Word . homie # 2 true that . true that . int . high school hallway @ day the girl enter . v.o. hey lady ! the girl turn to see shorty , young African american , cute , in a awkward kind of way . cindy hi Shorty . brandy talk to the hand . she put she hand in he face . shorty Cindy ? cindy can not Shorty . shorty oh well , you force I to open it up to hundred of other girl who would die for the opportunity , but just because I like you guy , I be gonna wait till lunch before I go public . see ya at the fountain . Shorty head to class . buffy whatever ! what a geek ! cindy I think Shorty be cute . if I be not dating Bobby , I would go out with he . brandy shit girl , Bobby life in a trailer . date Shorty would be a step up . cindy if how much money a guy have be so important , why be you dating Ray ? brandy first of all , look at he . he 's 100 % man . p.o.v. girl Ray and greg stand at locker . Ray take off he shirt , expose he muscular upper body . he slip on a ty-dy tank top . ray yo , man , this shirt make I look gay . greg Nah . Ray tie the lower part of the tank top in a knot and roll it above he navel . ray how about now ? back to girl . brandy besides , the boy get potential , girl . Ray run a 4.4 40 , have a 3.5 gpa and he 's be scout by every major college in the country . if he stay healthy , we be talk multi million dollar contract and that 's not include endorsement . now greg on the other hand , that 's somebody else 's mess . buffy I will admit , the pro 's be a long shot for greg . he 's be injure twice and he 's not that bright . p.o.v. buffy greg slamm he head into the locker , obviously upset about something . buffy ( cont 'd ) and the only way we will see he in prime time in on " cop " . but for now , he 's the hot guy in the school and even if I do not want he , I be not go to let anyone else have he . the girl meet up with greg and Ray at the locker . brandy hey baby . brandy kiss Ray . buffy what 's the matter , honey ? greg I get my report card . he hand it to buffy . report card read : d.u.m.b.a.s.s. buffy at least you get one " a " . greg yeah , I do huh ? cindy anybody see Bobby ? ray Nah . that kid be late every day . I do not get it . he life so close . ext . high school parking lot @ bobby's trailer @ day Bobby exit , book in hand . pull back to reveal the trailer be park in the school parking lot . ext . high school fountain @ day Bobby join the gang sit at the fountain . bobby hey guy . hey cind . Bobby kiss Cindy . bobby ( cont 'd ) you guy see all the reporter out there ? they say that girl Drew decker get kill last night . ray I think I know she . she have a brother name Steve , pretty eye , long hair perfect ass . bobby yeah , that be she . ray no , I be talk about Steve . whatever happen to he ? bobby I do not know . cindy hey , do you guy think it 's strange that she get kill exactly one year after we , you know , kill that guy ? greg hey , it be a accident . cindy be it ? ext . parking lot @ night - ( flashback @ one year ago ) greg hey dude . nobody drive my car but I ! well , except for that big black guy that car jack I last month , he drive it , but other than that , nobody drive my car but I . okay , there be that one time the dope man have it for a week because I owed he for a bag of weed , but other than that '' cindy you know car be only to make guy feel more secure about the size of they penise . greg what 's that suppose to mean ? Bobby take the key from greg. bobby she 's kid , come on . greg approach buffy . greg why do you tell Cindy about it ? buffy I do not say anything . greg then why do she make that comment ? buffy greg , you know I would never tell anyone we little secret . she kiss he . Cindy walk by . she hold up she pinky . buffy giggle . they get in the car and drive off . ext . mountain road @ night ( greg be car ) Bobby and Cindy in the front , the other two couple in the back . the two couple be make out . greg open a bottle of liquor . greg take a sip , then another . slowly , he start to feel good . greg hey , let 's put on some music . Ray pull a tape out of he pocket . ray here , put this on . Bobby put in the tape . the song " it 's raining Men " blare out speaker . everyone look at Ray . ray ( cont 'd ) hey , it 's a classic . greg let 's put on the radio . greg eject the tape and find a station . loud rock music fill the car . greg now that 's more like it . yeah . greg nod to the music . greg ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) ayoo !!! greg stand up , poke he head through the sunroof , take another swig of liquor and yell as he enjoy the wind against he face . ext . mountain road @ night ( greg be car ) Ray and brandy in the back be really go at it hot and heavy . bobby ( adjust the rear view mirror ) look at what they be do . cindy Bobby , keep you eye on the road . bobby when be we gonna do stuff like that ? cindy one day . Bobby unzip he pants . cindy what be you do ? bobby I just want you to touch it . ext . mountain road @ night @ ( greg' sunroof ) greg yell . this time in tear as he realize he be about to be hit by a low hang branch . thud . his head go reeling . ext . mountain road @ night @ ( greg be car ) Cindy gingerly touch Bobby 's crotch . he close he eye momentarily . bobby oh yeah . suddenly , greg 's liquor bottle come fall through the sunroof , crash against Cindy 's head , send she face down into Bobby 's lap . bobby ( cont 'd ) ( shocked ) oh yeah ! that 's what I be talk about . Bobby lay he seat back . ext . mountain road @ night @ ( greg' sunroof ) greg 's head , pass through the tree branch , emerge with a bee hive wrap around he face . he desperately try to remove it . ext . mountain road @ night @ ( greg be car ) it look like a wild orgy . Bobby steering with he bare foot . Cindy try to raise she head but be be step on by greg . ext . mountain road @ night @ ( greg' sunroof ) greg finally remove the hive . he see something in the road . greg look out ! ext . winding road @ night @ ( greg be car ) Bobby hear greg 's scream . he too see something . Bobby swerve to avoid it . bobby oh my God ! the car go spin out of control before it finally come to a stop . bobby ( cont 'd ) what be that ? cindy I think we hit something . ext . winding road @ night everyone get out of the car . buffy find a boot . buffy oh my God ! we hit a boot ! they see a man lie unconscious in the road . cindy ahh ! it 's a body ! ray be he alive ? bobby I do not know . buffy let I check® buffy kneel next to the body . buffy ( cont 'd ) hey mister , you want a blow job ? no answer . buffy ( cont 'd ) he 's dead . what be we gonna do ? she quickly back up and join the rest of the group . the man slowly start to gain consciousness . the kid do not see he , catch up in they own drama . cindy we have to call the police . ray no way , I be not go to jail . cindy we have to . greg do you know what happen to a young boy in prison ? all that sex starve convict just wait for a fresh piece of meat . ray you be right . maybe we should call the police . behind they we see the man sit up . he call out to they . man that 's not necessary . I be fine . they can not hear he . they be too busy yell at each other . bobby think about it , Ray . if you do that you ruin the rest of this movie . this be you chance to crossover , Ray . ray White girl ?! Bobby nod yes . ray ( cont 'd ) what do we do first ? bobby we will hide the body . cindy I will not have anything to do with this . in the background , the man be now stand , brushes himself off and call out to the group again . man I guess I will be go now . again he 's ignore . he shrug he shoulder and start to walk away . buffy what about the alcohol ? greg we will get rid of it . greg toss the bottle over he shoulder . it crash the man on the head , knock he out . he flop back on to the road , just as the group turn to look at he . greg ( cont 'd ) now let 's get he in the trunk . move the car closer . as the three of they talk among themselves , one of they get in the car and back it up . the man sit up again , shaking he head clear . he get up just as the car back up into he . knocked unconscious again , he fall flat on the road . just then , the kid turn around . bobby we will throw he in the ocean . they throw he in the trunk and look at each other as they talk . bobby ( cont 'd ) we will go down to steveson and dump he in there . the shark will take care of the evidence . the man wake up again in the trunk , but the kid be not look at he . not look at he , brandy slam the trunk lid down on the man 's head . greg try slamm it down again and again . ext . pier @ night they get he out of the trunk and carry he over to the edge of the road , which be overlook the ocean . cindy wait . should not we check he wallet ? buffy for what ? brandy shit , he might have some money . we already commit murder . might as well rob he ass . bobby good idea . I will take credit card . brandy I want the jewelry . ray I will take he underwear . they finish stripping the man then toss he naked body over the side . greg we must never mention this again . cindy mention what ? greg the guy we just kill . cindy well , you just mention it . greg start now . ext . high school fountain @ day ( present ) bobby that 's all behind we now , Cindy , we have to move on . greg yeah , it 's just a coincidence . buffy greg 's right , Cindy . I mean what do you think we be in , a horror movie ? Cindy relax and smile . cindy yeah , if it be , they would probably cast some ding - bat like Jennifer Love " huge - tit " to play I . they share a laugh as the bell ring and everyone head to class . ext . high school @ curbside @ day skate border cruise by , follow by guy with no leg on a skate board . Cindy walk toward building , she pass gail 's news van . Kenny see Cindy . he knock at the van . gail answer from inside . gail v.o. I be put on my make up . Kenny open the van door . gail turn around . we see a decrepit old woman . gail Close the goddamn door ! Kenny , horrify , slam the door . ext . high school @ front @ day gail try to get information from the sheriff . gail sheriff , can I get a statement ? sheriff no comment . gail spot doofy and approach he . gail hi , gail hailstorm , field reporter , hard Story . doofy special Officer doofy . gail be there a problem on campus ? doofy not while doofy 's on the job . gail well , of course not , handsome . he salute she and a student walk by and smack he hat off he head . he scramble for it , then resume he composure . doofy ( embarrassed ) you should not be here . gail I know . I should be on my knee cover the next presidential election . but who know ? she tickle doofy . he fart . doofy Excuse I . gail you look awfully young to be a police officer . doofy I be twenty - five and a half year old . that 's this many . he spread he finger on he hand twice . then once on one hand and give she a bent thumb up . gail you know , I prove to be most popular with male eleven to twenty - four . and most prison lesbian . of course , you do not look a day over twelve . except for that big head and glaze over look in you eye . ooh , look a little drool . doofy yeah , sometimes I forget to swallow . gail do not worry , I never do . she tickle he again and he fart again . gail ( cont 'd ) remind I not to do that again . suddenly they be interrupt by a announcement . principal v.o. hello , due to the recent event , a curfew have be place effective immediately . gail sound like we have get a serial killer on we hand . doofy that 's official police business . gail be there any suspect ? doofy I can not say mama . gail notice doofy 's large penis . gail I say , that 's a mighty big night stick you get there . doofy my mom say I can not play with it cause I might poke someone 's eye out . gail I can see how that could happen . say , what do you say we go back to my van and get to know each other a little better ? doofy ok . int . high school classroom @ day Cindy and buffy enter . Cindy notice something immediately . a bird in a cage . cindy you see ? this be the kind of cruelty I be talk about . what 's a animal do in here ? student he 's we mascot . we adopt he . cindy no way . this animal be suppose to be free and spread he wing . Cindy open the cage and remove the bird . to the window . student what be you do ? cindy she walk over setting he free . she toss the bird out the window . cindy ( cont 'd ) fly , little birdy , soar little fella . student you asshole , he wing be break . we be nursing he back to health ! the bird fall to it 's death . cindy oops ! my bad . int . high school classroom @ day a frumpy woman , miss tate , face the class . tragic look on she face . miss tate a terrible tragedy and a unbearable loss . it 's day like today we need prayer in school . pull back . reveal she be breast feed a baby . she remove the baby from she breast , hand it to a nerdy fifteen year old student . miss tate ( cont 'd ) here , go to you daddy . miss tate ( cont 'd ) okay class , we have be discuss the constitution this week . who would like to give they oral presentation first ? Young girl excitedly raise she hand . miss tate okay , Heather . Heather run to the front of the class . heather my presentation be on the first amendment , which protect freedom of speech . new angle CLASS Cindy be distract by something outside the window . a man wear a mask and scream attire look at she . he duck behind a tree when she look . Cindy turn she head quickly to the class then quickly back to the window , catch the killer as he step from behind the tree . killer freeze . Cindy and killer play peek - a- boo , finally he disappear . Cindy notice a note on she desk . she open it . note read : " I know what you do last Halloween " . ext . park @ day ( cindy flashback ) flashback to romantic picnic in the park . int . high school @ classroom @ day Cindy smile , find a second note . note read : " no , bitch , I be talkin ' about the guy you kill " . Cindy 's face strike with terror . back to Heather who 's be talk the whole time . heather that 's what so important about the first amendment . it give we the right to say what we want without fear of retaliation smack ! Heather go fly . miss tate aw , shut the fuck up and sit down . a student enter the class and hand miss tate a note . miss tate ( cont 'd ) Cindy , you be next . the sheriff 's ready to see you . Cindy grab she book and exit . int . high school @ principal office @ day the local sheriff , a short pudgy bald man , late 40' , and the school principal , Mr. fonzy , mid 40' , average look , nice guy , wait to interrogate the next student . sheriff so , who 's next ? principal Cindy Campbell . she 's the daughter of , you know '' he make a obscene gesture with he hand and mouth . sheriff oh , you mean mrs® sheriff make a obscene gesture poke he finger in and out of a circle . principal that 's right , old mrs® another gesture , more graphic . sheriff the one and only . sheriff start humping the air and climb on the desk . he start have simulate sex . he get so into it he bring himself to climax just as Cindy enter . principal hello Cindy . sheriff recover himself , light a cigarette and greet Cindy . he have a big wet spot in the front of he pants . cindy principal fonzy . hello sheriff . Cindy take a seat . she greet another man who have just enter , he name be doofy , let 's call he " slow " , late teens , early 20' . he wear a make- shift police uniform . cindy ( cont 'd ) hello doofy . doofy that 's Officer doofy today , cind . principal Cindy , we would like to ask you some question . sheriff annoyed by something . sheriff what 's that God awful smell ? doofy I go poopy . sheriff get he outta here . principal doofy , it 's time to go back to special ed . maybe the sheriff will let you play later , ok . doofy ok . doofy exit . sheriff so , how be you Cindy ? cindy Fine , sheriff and yourself ? sheriff bloat , constipate , get a boil on my ass the size of a walnut , you know , the usual . so we wanna ask you a few question about Drew decker . ext . high school football field @ day the football team be practice on the field . ext . new angle @ inside huddle @ day Ray call the play . ray 25 dive play on 2 . break ! they clap hand , break huddle and set formation . Ray at the quarterback position step up behind the center who be bent over ready to hike the ball . ray ( cont 'd ) 24 , 25 , 15 , 22 , 55 , 66 , 11 , 45 , 96 , 17 , 12 , 37 '' CENTER hey , you gonna call hike or what ? ray oh , my bad ! hike ! hike ! Center snap the ball . Ray step back to pass , revealing he 's get a hard on . he throw the ball and make the play . coach blow the whistle , end practice . the player rush to the locker room . int . men' locker room @ day player enter after a tough work out . Ray be first . he start to undress . several player pass Ray and he congratulate each of they with a pat on the ass . ray hey Murphy , nice catch . dugan , good block . Johnson , what a move . woodward , nice ass . woodward look at he strange , continue on . Ray head to the shower , towel wrap around he waist . he notice greg linger . ray ( cont 'd ) hey greg , you comin ' ? greg in a minute , I be gonna work out first . ray okay '' alright , guy , last one in be a rotten egg . Ray snatch off he towel , playfully swatting the other player . int . men' locker room @ day the last of the player exit . greg appear from behind the locker wear just a towel . he make sure the place be empty . greg walk to the shower , very careful to keep he towel wrap around he until he 's safely inside one of the stall . even then , he surreptitiously look around to make sure no one 's around before remove the towel . greg approach he locker and see a Polaroid photograph stick out of it . he pull it out and look at it . it 's a photo of he tiny penis with the word " I know " write underneath . greg freak . greg ( yell and search the empty locker room ) where be you ?! who do this ?! this be not funny , all right ? @ a small dick 's like a disability , man ! would you make fun of somebody in a wheelchair ? huh ? would you , you sick fuck ? in the locker room , you see a kid in a wheelchair push by another student real fast into the locker , ala " slingblade " . greg ( cont 'd ) where be you , you chicken shit ? as he continue he ranting and he search , we®@ fade out : ext . high school front step @ day Cindy exit . brandy join Cindy . brandy hey girl , you okay ? cindy yeah , just that some strange thing have be go on today . suddenly , brandy 's cell phone ring . she answer . terror cross she face . brandy hello . who be this ? what do you want from I ? no please stop ! I be gonna call the police if you do not stop call I ! she hang up , visibly shake . brandy ( cont 'd ) it be he again ! he keep harass I , send I note , call I on the phone . I be so scared ! cindy the killer ? brandy no , m.c. Hammer ! brandy spot girl approach . brandy ( cont 'd ) aw , shit , I hope that tramp be not come over here . cindy who , Tanya ? brandy I do not like she cause she 's phoney . I be talk faker than a swap meet hair weave . Tanya arrive . again hug and kiss from brandy . brandy ( cont 'd ) what 's happenin ' ? girl , I be not see you in age . tanya right , since the video . listen , I just want to know if you guy be come to the pageant tonight . brandy aw , I can not . I gotta study . tanya cind ? ( v.o. ) buffy she 's go to cheer for I . buffy join the girl . tanya oh , I see . well , whatever . good luck , buff . buffy give a fake smile . Tanya walk away . buffy ( under she breath ) slut . tanya ( under she breath ) Ho . ext . high school fountain @ day ( later ) Bobby , Cindy , Ray , brandy , buffy , Shorty be sit around the fountain , discuss the murder . cindy the police ask I a whole lot of question . brandy yeah , my brother Shorty be still in there . Shorty approach . shorty yo , yo , what 's up ? ray how would it go with the police ? shorty they try to intimidate a brother but I tell they I do not talk to pig and I be not drop dime on nobody . I just tell they where they could shove it . Shorty reveal he have a plunger stick out of he ass . bobby they ask I if I know how to hunt . buffy that 's funny , they ask I if I like it doggie style . cindy it 's a shame how she die . she be such a nice girl . buffy you know she use to babysit my brother doofy . he have the biggest crush on she . shorty hey , do not greg use to go out with she ? buffy what be you say ? greg kill she ? shorty no , but it make he a suspect . buffy oh , yeah , where be you last night ? shorty I be chillin " at the crib watch a ill kung fu flick call tae bo . there be this ugly ass brother and he look like a burnt up keenen ivory wayan but the ill shit be , he do not fight nobody he just warm up the whole time . shorty ( cont 'd ) what do you do last night ? buffy I be in bed all night . shorty can you prove it ? buffy sure I can , right guy ? cut to the entire football team . they all nod yes . buffy ( cont 'd ) here come greg . now let 's see what he think of you suspect theory . greg approach . he 's piss . he go after Ray . greg Ray , you be a dead man ! greg rush toward ray . Bobby stop he . bobby easy greg . what 's the problem ? greg I will tell you the problem ! greg show Bobby the picture of he penis . the word write " I know " write on it . bobby oh , wow ! this be you ? oh fuck ! Bobby start to laugh uncontrollably . greg hey , the shower be cold ! brandy let I see . Bobby pass she the picture . brandy start laugh , pass it to buffy , who pass it to Ray and Shorty who burst into laughter . brandy ( cont 'd ) my God , how do you even give he head ? buffy I do not . I just use it to pick my tooth . greg my nut be big , they just make my dick look small . they all laugh . greg realize what he 's start . the photo keep change hand . everyone laugh . two chinese guy be look at the photo . chinese guy now that 's a little dick . greg it 's a Polaroid ! there 's no dimension ! a little person get a look , crack up , toss it , it land in a baby carriage . little baby laugh at photo toss it . two mice look at photo , laugh . back to greg. greg ( cont 'd ) all of you can go to hell ! cindy greg , you be not the only one who get one . greg Bobby 's get a baby dick too ? cindy no , I be talk about the note . I get one too . everyone stop laugh . Cindy show they the note . cindy ( cont 'd ) somebody know . greg bullshit . somebody 's just try to fuck with we . cindy I think we should go to the police . greg grab Cindy around the throat . greg you talk and I will kill you myself . bobby greg , chill , you be hurt she . greg let go . shorty somebody want to tell I what that be all about ? cindy forget it , Shorty . you have already hear too much . Bell ring . everyone walk off , leave Shorty stand confuse . int . auditorium stage @ night sign read " miss Teen beauty pageant " m.c. on stage introduce the contestant . m.c. and now for we finalist . be not they beautiful , except for that motley look one ? hot damn , where 's the muzzle ? pan across five beauty face and one old hag . the old hag remain confident . two of the pretty girl run off stage , think the m.c. be talk about they . m.c. ( cont 'd ) this be the swimsuit portion of the show , give we judge one final look at the contestant . first contestant , tanya , she banner read " miss congeniality " . she wave as she parade across the stage . second contestant , black , with bead braid , not only on she head , but under she arm and pubic hair as well . the banner read " miss thang " third contestant be buffy , she strut she stuff , she banner read " miss fellatio " . int . auditorium @ balcony @ night Bobby , Cindy , and greg watch buffy on stage . greg cheer for buffy . greg whoa ! that 's my girl ! voice in crowd # 1 mine too ! voice in crowd # 2 yeah , I be hittin ' that too . cindy hey , I be gonna go downstairs so I can get a closer seat . I will see you guy when it 's over . Cindy head downstairs . bobby hey man , I be gonna run to the head real quick . want I to bring you back anything ? greg Nah , I be cool . just hurry back . she 's gonna perform first . bobby do not worry , I will be back . int . auditorium @ stage @ night back to the pageant m.c. and now for the question in the spirit of mother theresa . what will be you contribution to society contestant # 1 ? tanya I will heal the sick , feed the poor , and never change my dress . m.c. move down the line . miss thang like Martin luther King once say , " can not we all just get along ? " buffy I think we discuss this last night in you hotel room . you say if 1@ m.c. cut she off . m.c. let 's go to the talent portion of the show . let 's welcome contestant # 3 , buffy Gilmore . buffy cross the stage . m.c. ( cont 'd ) okay , buffy , tell we what be you talent this evening ? buffy acting . I will be do a dramatic read . int . auditorium @ balcony @ night greg yeah , baby , yeah ! int . auditorium @ stage @ night m.c. miss buffy Gilmore do a dramatic read . m.c. step offstage . buffy gather herself , about to start , the audience be quiet . buffy glance up to the balcony for one last reassure smile from greg . suddenly , through the glare of the light , she see the killer sneaking up behind greg . buffy look out greg ! look behind you ! it 's he ! it 's the killer ! int . auditorium @ balcony @ night too late . the killer grab greg and begin he brutal attack . buffy oh my God ! somebody do something ! he 's kill he ! the audience and judge murmure and nodd . they impressed . " she 's good " . no one realize it 's not a performance . buffy ( cont 'd ) you fuck bastard ! why will not anyone help ?! someone call a ambulance ! greg hold on ! buffy run off stage . the audience give she a stand ovation . m.c . what a wonderful read , lady and gentleman ! I think we have a winner , Ms. buffy Gilmore ! int . auditorium @ backstage @ night buffy try to get to greg . she be stop by one of the contestant . tanya you have to go back on stage ! buffy I have to get to greg . tanya but you win ! they be call you name . buffy I win ? approach . cindy buffy , what happen ? what about greg ? buffy fuck greg ! I win ! tanya congratulation . buffy outta my way , loser . buffy push the contestant out of she way and rush back to the stage . int . auditorium @ stage @ night the crowd applaud . buffy wave . the former miss Teen approach with a bouquet of rose . buffy give I my crown bitch ! buffy snatch the crown off she head and place it on she own . all the contestant crowd around wishing buffy congrat . tanya I guess you win . buffy I guess you blow the wrong judge . miss thang I be so happy for you . buffy no you be not . the m.c. start to sing . m.c . there she be , miss Teen 99@ the audience applaud , toss rose , and vase of rose . buffy walk down the runway . smash ! crash ! vase crash against she head . int . auditorium @ balcony @ night - ( later ) bobby there 's no sign of he anywhere . cindy he could have take the body . bobby impossible . there 's no blood . nothing . killer with bucket and mop , a plastic garbage bag with a foot stick out . buffy it 's probably greg pull one of he dumb joke . I be sure he will turn up . he 's probably at my house wait for I ! bobby well , I be gonna look around some more . cind , you mind catch a ride with buffy ? cindy no problem . call I later . be careful . bobby do not worry . I will . int . cindy bathroom @ night Cindy sit at the edge of she bathtub , wear only a towel . she add bubble bath to the run water . she light candle , incense , and a menorah . she drop she towel and step into the sudsy bath . she lean back and give a deep sigh of relaxation . the phone ring , startling she . she eye the phone anxiously . ring . she pick it up . cindy hello ? v.o. hello Cindy . cindy ( alarmed ) who be this ? v.o . it 's I , Bobby . you know , you boyfriend ? she sigh , then grab a razor a lean back to shave she leg . cindy sorry , guess I be just a little jumpy . any sign of greg ? v.o. bobby no . do you want I to come by ? she shave she armpit . cindy no , I be just go to take a bath , then go to sleep . she shave she face . v.o. bobby o.k. Love you . cindy Love you too . she hang up , then relax back into the tub , close she eye in tranquility . bloop ! bloop ! two of Cindy 's fart bubbles rise to the surface of the water . she sigh . she be in deep relaxation . a beat . phone ring startling she again . cindy ( cont 'd ) Bobby , I tell you @ v.o. killer I know what you do on Halloween . Cindy stand straight up in terror at the recognition of the scary voice @ it 's the same one from the first scene . the bubbles form a perfect two - piece bikini over she , include strap and a bow . Cindy slip on she nightgown and exit bathroom . int . cindy upstair hallway @ night cindy who be this ? what do you want ? v.o. killer to see you inside all over the floor . Cindy run downstairs and lock front door . int . cindy live room @ night v.o. killer you be go to die tonight . blare horn sound . Cindy be cry , panic . cindy leave I alone . v.o. killer I be go to cut® suddenly , she call wait go off . cindy um , hold on , I have another call . v.o. killer what ..?! Cindy click over . cindy hello ? it 's another teenager girl 's voice on the other line . v.o. jill hey , Cindy , it 's Jill . you remember that hot blue miniskirt on sale at the mall ? I buy it . cindy ( quickly recover ) get out@ '' you be go to look so gorgeous ! I bet Dave would ask you out if you wear that to school . v.o. jill no way . he 's such a major hotty . Cindy 's phone beep . cindy oh my God , I totally forget , I have get someone on the other line . I will call you back . Cindy click over . cindy ( cont 'd ) sorry about that . v.o. killer do you think this be a game ? I be gonna gut you like a fish ! Cindy 's back to freaking out again , scream , cry , run through the house . cindy I be gonna call the police if you do not '' her phone beep again . cindy ( cont 'd ) hold on . v.o. killer no , do not answer . my phone bill be already too high . cindy I will just be a sec . she click over . another teenage girl on the line . cindy ( cont 'd ) hello ? v.o. karen Cindy , it 's Karen , do you get the note in chemistry today ? cindy ( recover , wiping the tear ) yeah , I will give they to you tomorrow . Cindy 's phone beep . cindy ( cont 'd ) I gotta run . she click back over . cindy ( cont 'd ) hello ? v.o. operator hi , this be the operator . I have a collect call from @ say you name , sir . v.o. killer homicidal maniac . v.o. operator will you accept ? cindy yes . v.o. operator go ahead , sir . v.o. killer ( to Cindy ) look you little bitch , you ever do that again and I will rip you throat out . cindy my friend need the note . v.o. killer I do not give a shit . you make I lose my train of think . cindy it be something about gut I . v.o. killer oh yeah , now I remember . I be in the house . do you know where I be ? Cindy walk nervously through the house . she see something . cindy ah , you be behind the couch . killer ( surprised ) what ? how would you know ? cindy I see you foot . Close on killer as he look up . killer shit , wait a minute . he run out of the room . v.o. killer no peek ! v.o. killer ( cont 'd ) ok , now where be I ? you do not know , do you ? heh , heh . Cindy rush for the door , open it . the killer stand in front of she . killer hello , Cindy . killer swing he hook . Cindy duck and run . killer give chase . Cindy put a move on he . he stumble over furniture . killer get up . he start to run and stumble again . killer ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) I gotta stop drink . Cindy run upstairs . killer follow . int . cindy stairwell @ night Cindy toss a vase . it crash against the killer 's head . he keep come . Cindy toss a bicycle . the killer brushes it to the side and continue up the stair . killer p.o.v . Cindy push a piano down the stair . killer turn and run . piano just miss . int . cindy upstair hallway @ night Cindy enter the closet , revealing jamie lee curtis already hide in the corner . jamie lee hey bitch ! I be in here . Jamie shove Cindy back into the hallway . new angle @ hallway Cindy and Jamie play tug of war with the closet door . cindy let I in ! jamie lee find you own ! killer appear at the top of the stair . Cindy run to she room and lock the door . killer hack away with he hook . int . cindy bedroom @ night Cindy quickly type on she computer . screen : 911 Operator : what 's you emergency ? screen : White woman in trouble . immediately we hear police siren close in . Cindy turn to the door . the chopping have stop . she hear a noise at the window . Bobby climb in . bobby Cindy , you ok ? I hear scream . Cindy hug Bobby . cindy he be here ! bobby it 's okay . Cindy calm down for a moment then she notice something fall from Bobby 's jacket . a cell phone drop to the floor . bobby ( cont 'd ) I can explain then a knife and bloody glove . bobby ( cont 'd ) uh@that too . Cindy take off run . bobby ( cont 'd ) Cindy ! wait ! Cindy ! int . cindy front door @ night Cindy run to the front door and open it . the mask of the killer be cover someone 's face . Cindy scream and attack . voice Cindy , it 's I . Cindy see it 's doofy . ext . cindy house @ night Bobby repeatedly be body slam against the hood of a police car by doofy . bobby help ! somebody get this moron off I ! the sheriff arrive . doofy I get he sheriff ! sheriff it 's okay , doofy , I will take it from here . doofy I be the first to respond . sheriff whoopie for you , numb nut . how 's the girl ? doofy she 's okay . sheriff walk over to Cindy . sheriff you okay to come down to the station ? Cindy nod . doofy I will give you a ride . doofy escort Cindy past a real police car to he kiddie , pedal - operate police car . they climb in and ride off . doofy make a siren noise with he mouth . as they ride off , they pass a arrive news van . Van stop . gail hailstorm rush out , call for the camera man . gail Kenny ! camera ! now ! gail try to get a glimpse of Bobby as he be drive off . gail ( cont 'd ) who be that ? be he a suspect ? be anyone dead ? sheriff , can I get a statement ? sheriff drive off . gail , alone at the scene , see Kenny approach with a camera . gail go off with Kenny . gail ( cont 'd ) Kenny , I know you be about 50 pound overweight , but when I say hurry , please interpret that to mean move you lard sweat ' , bacon burpin ' jello shakin ' ass now !! int . police station bullpen @ night Bobby be lead away . bobby Cindy ! come on cind ! you know I ! Cindy sit at a desk alone , visibly shake . new angle a policeman talk to the sheriff about Cindy . sheriff how 's she do ? policeman # 1 she 's a little shake up but I think she 's okay . sheriff okay , I will take it from here . sheriff walk over to Cindy . sheriff ( cont 'd ) I know you have have a rough night Cindy , so I be not go to keep you . I just want you to look at some photo 's and tell I what you think . sheriff hand she a stack of photo . Close in on photo . they be picture of the sheriff wear a pair of speedo , strike several different pose . Cindy shake she head no . sheriff ( cont 'd ) okay , you be free to go . do you have someone pick you up ? cindy yes . new angle two young policeman talk . we see doofy in the background . policeman # 2 hey , guess what I just do to that hooker we bust . policeman # 1 no way . policeman # 2 all the way . watch this . hey doofy , come here . doofy yes . policeman # 2 smell my finger . doofy what 's that ? policeman # 2 that 's when you will know you have become a man . they laugh at doofy . doofy hey , smell my finger . policeman # 2 what the hell be that ? doofy my ass . buffy enter . buffy doofy , mom say get home now . doofy tell mom I be on official police business . buffy hey , cind , you okay ? doofy hey , no talk to the witness . buffy go get in the car doofy . she 's come with we . doofy do mom know ? buffy yeah , doofus . doofy Mom say when I wear this badge you suppose to treat I like a man of the law . buffy yeah , well mom also say for you to stop stick you dick in the vacuum cleaner . now let 's go . everyone in the police station laugh at doofy . he look embarrassed . buffy and Cindy exit . doofy follow . ext . police station @ night gail hailstorm arrive . Kenny hustle behind she . gail okay roll in 5 , 4 , 3@ Kenny fumble with the camera . Ho look confuse . gail ( cont 'd ) what now ? do not tell I you can not count . let 's see if I can make it easy for you . this little piggy go to market , this little piggy stay home , this little piggy have roast beef , this little piggy have none , and if this little piggy do not roll the goddamn camera right now I be gonna put my foot '' kenny we be live . gail hi , gail hailstorm here in front of the police station where I be go to try to get a glimpse of Cindy Campbell , the young woman who be attack earlier this evening . gail and other reporter see Cindy exit the station . they rush she . reporter # 1 Cindy , can we get a statement ? reporter # 2 be it true the police have someone in custody ? gail Cindy , you ass look fat . Cindy turn and punch gail in the face . doofy hustle Cindy into the car . she get behind the wheel . doofy throw he jacket across she head to shield she from the media rush . doofy get in . they drive off . o.c . we hear swerve , crash , crash . int . buffy' bedroom @ night buffy and Cindy sit on the bed talk . buffy do you really think Bobby do it ? cindy I do not know but he be there . buffy I know there have to be something . doofy enter hold a ice pack . doofy here , a little something for you hand . he toss the ice pack to Cindy , not have good aim or know he strength , the ice pack smack she in the head , knock she off the bed . doofy ( cont 'd ) sorry . I better get something for you head . Cindy , daze , climb back on the bed . cindy that 's okay doofy . doofy I will be in the next room if you need I . cindy thanks . good night doofy . doofy exit . buffy open a bag of doughnut , start snack . she hand one to Cindy . cindy say , I do not know you eat stuff like that . buffy ( excited ) oh , I be on this new diet . I can eat all the junk food I want and not gain a pound ! cindy really ?! barf , barf . buffy throw up the doughnut . buffy want some pizza ? buffy 's mom enter . mrs . gilmore Cindy , telephone . cindy who be it ? mrs . gilmore I be just guess but I would say a psychotic killer . Cindy exit to answer the phone . int . buffy' hallway @ night ( phone ) cindy hello ? v.o. killer hello , Cindy . poor Bobby boy . a innocent guy do not stand a chance with you . cindy no ! buffy and Mrs. Gilmore run to Cindy . mrs . gilmore doofy ! doofy ! cindy who be you ? v.o. killer you will find out soon enough . Cindy drop the phone . doofy come run , carry the vacuum cleaner hose . doofy what ? the girl go into the bedroom . doofy pick up the phone . doofy ( cont 'd ) hello ? int . high school cafeteria @ foodline @ day Cindy enter , grab a tray and get in line . Cindy look at menu . it read " same Old shit " . pan across face of several cafeteria lady scooping in mush on to the plate . each worker get progressively uglier . the last be a sea creature in a uniform and hair net . Cindy join Ray , brandy & Shorty . cindy hey guy . brandy how you doin ' girl ? cindy ok . he get buffy . shorty what ?! she 's dead too ? cindy no , she 's fine , just a little bent out of shape . ray we gotta get this guy . cindy I think we should all just stick together . after school , everyone grab some stuff , meet at my house and invite some friend too . there be safety in number . anyone see Bobby ? ray I hear he be let out this morning . cindy if you see he , tell he I be sorry . I will see you guy tonight . kid dress in killer 's outfit run through the cafeteria , scream and wave he arm wildly . cindy ( cont 'd ) ( annoyed ) why be they do this ? she rush from the table . new angle Cindy bump into someone . cindy ( cont 'd ) oh ny® it 's Bobby . bobby it 's okay . it 's just I . Cindy pull away . bobby ( cont 'd ) whoa , whoa , wait . you do not still think it 's I ?! Cindy pat he down for weapon . cindy no , no , not at all . it 's just that someone do try to kill I . bobby the police say I scared he away . cindy I know . he call last night . bobby see ? it could not have be I . I be in jail , remember ? Bobby show Cindy a tattoo on he butt cheek . it read " hank 's stuff " . cindy I be sorry . please understand . bobby what ? my girl would rather call I a killer then touch I ? cindy that 's not true . bobby then what be it ? cindy what be it ? Bobby , she 's go and she 's not come back . bobby it 's be a year Cindy . cindy but Ginger be such a important part of the spice Girls . bobby you have to move on , cind . cindy I be sorry if my complicated life be a inconvenience to you perfect existence . Cindy run away . bobby stupid . ext . high school @ day sheriff make a announcement . sheriff let I just say the killing of this teenager have be tragic but with every cloud there be a silver lining . thanks to all the press , tourism be at a all time high . any of you folk visit , I will be sell souvenir t-shirt right after the conference . sheriff hold up a t-shirt that read : " I could be next woodsboro 99 " sheriff ( cont 'd ) only fifteen buck each . get one for the whole family . gail call out to the sheriff . gail sheriff .. hi , gail hailstorm , author of 101 Ways to milk a tragedy . sheriff let I ask you , do you think the killer will strike again ? sheriff we have no evidence of that . this be just a precaution . gail have you locate Cindy Campbell 's father ? sheriff no. gail be he a suspect ? sheriff that 's classified . where be you get you information ? gail my source be strictly confidential . doofy step up to the mic . doofy hey , anybody wanna smell my finger ? int . girl locker room @ day several girl change clothes , head to the shower . int . girl shower @ day camera pan across the naked back of buffy and she friend take a shower . they gossip about the past night event . buffy can you believe it ? there 's a killer out there . several tattoo on buffy 's back . all heart with guy name cross out : Dave , Tom , phil , Steve , last heart read " you name here . " girl # 2 yeah , I hear he 's really cute ! girl # 2 : her tattoo read : " one billion served " girl # 3 be it true he almost get Cindy ? girl # 3 tatoo above she ass read : " exit only " buffy I do not believe she . Girls finish they shower , grab towel , and continue conversation . buffy ( cont 'd ) I think she 's just try to get attention . just a case of virginal delusion . a girl pass they , build like a playmate centerfold . the girl look at themselves insecurely . buffy ( cont 'd ) that tammy . she 's be leave back so many time it be not funny . int . girl locker room @ day we pick up we girl at the locker . they see Cindy get dress . buffy watch this . she take a cell phone from she locker and pretend that she a call . buffy ( cont 'd ) hello , who be this ? what ? you want to kill I ? hold on@ '' Cindy , it 's for you . all the girl laugh . Cindy try to ignore they . the laughter be interrupt by the gym teacher . miss mann , a tall muscular woman with a five o'clock shadow and a bulge under she skirt that she constantly adjust . miss mann alright , knock it off buffy . now as all have hear , there be a killer in we town and the police have ask we to give you all the follow safety tip . stay in well light area , do not travel alone whenever possible and do not accept ride from anyone you do not know . I understand this be a difficult time for you young lady , so if anyone want to come to my office to talk , I be here for you . miss Mann exit . buffy what a crock of shit . cindy it 's not ! he 's out there ! I be tell you he 's real ! buffy oh right , cause you see he . sure . what be you gonna come up with next ? let I guess .. the faculty be really alien ? they all laugh . Cindy grab she book and exit . int . miss mann' office @ day start on photo on the wall . include miss Mann with k.d.lang . Pan down we see miss Mann sniff a pair of woman 's panty . cindy miss Mann ? miss Mann startle , hide the panty . miss mann come right in , dear . have a seat . take off you bra if you like . Cindy sit . she can see miss Mann 's bulge . she try to avoid look at it . miss mann ( cont 'd ) what can I do for you dear ? cindy I need to talk . miss mann go ahead , my dear . cindy well , you see , I have this problem and I do not know who to tell . this be really hard . miss Mann touch she hand , give she a reassure smile . miss mann not feel so fresh ? cindy huh ? miss mann feminine odor and itching get you down ? cindy no , not that . miss mann oh. cindy I have a terrible secret . miss Mann sit back . miss mann I see . well , Cindy , we all have we little secret . miss Mann spread she leg . we see a set of testicles fall out from under she skirt . Cindy try not to react . miss Mann walk around the room . as she speak , she ball swing as they dangle in the air . miss mann ( cont 'd ) sometimes we do thing we be not proud of . miss mann ( cont 'd ) some for money , other to gain a athletic edge against the competition . miss Mann walk over to Cindy , place she hand on one shoulder and accidentally rest she ball on Cindy 's other shoulder . miss mann ( cont 'd ) sometimes that little secret come back to haunt we in the most unpredictable way . you know what I mean ? Cindy jump up . cindy yes I do . thanks for you time . I gotta go to class . miss mann anytime , dear . Cindy hustle out of the office . int . girl locker room @ day all the girl have leave but buffy , who grab she book and close she locker . she hear a noise . she go to investigate . no one there . buffy turn . she see the killer . buffy very funny . but you better get out of here before miss Mann see you . buffy try to walk away . killer block she path . buffy ( cont 'd ) ( sarcastically ) oh , so what movie be this from , " die cheerleader die " ? so wanna play psycho killer ? the killer nod yes . buffy ( cont 'd ) can I be the helpless cheerleader ? let 's see®@ ( pretend plead ) please do not kill I , mister killer '' the killer grab she arm . note : buffy 's attitude be smart ass and condescending the whole scene . buffy ( cont 'd ) oh , be this the part where I beg for my life ? killer nod yes . buffy ( cont 'd ) oh , please mister killer , do not kill I ! killer slashes she with he knife . buffy ( cont 'd ) oh be this where I be suppose to bleed ? oh , look , I be bleed . eek ! eek ! oh yeah , I be suppose to run , right ? ha ha , okay , if it make you happy . she run half heartily , wave she arm in comical mock fright . buffy ( cont 'd ) I be run , I be run . help ! now here be where I fall and break my leg , leave I helpless . she sigh , like she 's indulge he . she trip and twist she leg grotesquely . we hear a loud snap . buffy ( cont 'd ) there ya go , mister scary killer . I be panic now . God , somebody please help I ! killer get down and viciously attack . we hear flesh tear and rip as blood spray everywhere . buffy ( cont 'd ) so , I suppose this be where my gut get rip open ? whatever '' killer raise a meat clever the final blow . he lift she severe head . she roll she eye . buffy ( cont 'd ) oh , look at I . I be all dead . buffy ( cont 'd ) I be a gross scary severe head . come on , pul-leeze ! ext . high school @ day the ledge outside one of the school window on the third floor . phil crawl out on the ledge , look dishevel . another faculty member poke he head out the window . faculty member phil ! what be you do ?! come back in here ! phil no , I have have it ! I can not take this job and this stupid kid anymore ! I be go to end it all ! faculty member be reasonable . phil there 's nothing for I to live for . I be jump . faculty member wait ! just hold on , we be get help . brandy the killer 's just fuck with we . ray I do not get it . why ? cindy what do he want with we ? upset , Cindy step away from the group , look up ( but not in the direction of the school ) arm out , shouting : cindy ( cont 'd ) what be you wait for , huh ? phil on the ledge , breathe hard , sweat . he hear Cindy yell again , louder this time . cindy ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what be you wait for ?! phil she 's right . what be I wait for ? with a shout , he jump to he death . phil land near them@splat . they all surround he . Shorty stand over he . shorty yo , kid . you get that ill chronic . I tell you that shit would make you fly . int . ray' bedroom @ day Ray and brandy sit on he bed , share fruit . Ray be wear short and a tank top . Music play in the background . brandy be wear Ray 's football jersey . brandy Ray , I do not think this party be a good idea . what if Shorty be right ? ray promise . he give she a reassure kiss . the song " same Ho " by snoop Dog be play on the radio . song v.o. every where I go , I see the same ho , in every video , I see the same hooo® brandy hey , that 's my song . you know they give I a shout out on the album . brandy start to dance for Ray . ray you know , you look really sexy in my jersey . brandy stand up and begin to model the jersey . brandy you think so ? ray yeah , put this on with it . he hand she the football pants . ray ( cont 'd ) and this too . he hand she a pair of cleat . brandy you sure ? ray yeah , and this too . he give she he shoulder pad . ray ( cont 'd ) yeah , that 's hot . wait . one more thing . he put a helmet on she head . ray ( cont 'd ) that 's what I be talkin ' about . come here , you sexy thing you . Ray grab she and start make passionate love to she . ext . movie theatre @ night Ray and brandy walk to the box office to get ticket . brandy I do not know why we get to go see this movie . they just insult my intelligence . ray what be you talk about ? you just get you ged . brandy all I know be this movie be about white people do white thing in white place . there be not never no black people in they . ray that 's cuz it 's Shakespeare . reveal they be go to see " Shakespeare in Love " . brandy whatever . why can not we go see a horror movie or something ? ray look , why do not you just chill and try to have a good time . brandy alright . I be sorry . I do appreciate you takin ' I out . they enter the theatre . int . movie theatre @ concession area @ night ray look , why do not you go get some seat ? I be gonna get some refreshment . Ray stand in line at the concession stand . brandy enter the screen room . int . movie theatre @ night Ray enter , look for brandy . brandy call for Ray . brandy Ray ! hey Ray -ray ! down here ! she wave wildly , scream Ray 's name . note : Ray and brandy be the only black people in the theatre . Ray walk to brandy , take a seat . ray you want some popcorn ? brandy I bring my own food . brandy reach into she purse , pull out a full course meal . fry chicken , potato salad , green , and a large bottle of hot sauce . screen : the thanks robot start the film . brandy immediately start yell at the screen . brandy ( cont 'd ) ooo , yeah , do that shit ! screen : you be now listen to thanks . brandy ( cont 'd ) this sound system be the bomb . I need one of this in my car . White patron , shaking they head . it 's gonna be a long night . Ray be embarrassed by brandy 's behavior . he excuse himself . ray watch my seat . I have to go to the bathroom . int . movie theatre @ bathroom @ night a guy stand in front of a condom dispenser and choose from the selection : " ultra sensitive " , " for her pleasure " , " can not feel shit " , and " you be a daddy " . another guy wash he hand at the sink , then turn to pull down the rotate towel and it 's a pair of pants that go in a circle . enter Ray . he wait for a free urinal , but they be all occupy by guy pissing at a target in the bowl . as they pee on the bull -eye , toy horse race across a track on the wall like a carnival game . the guy look straight ahead . Ray try to find a stall . he check under other door . he see a pair of tennis shoe , cleat , clog , ballerina shoe up on they toe , and the ugliest pair of men' foot with freshly paint red toenail with the toe separator still in they . finally , he look under a door and do not see any foot . Ray open the door . reveal a little person sit on the toilet . little person hey , I be in here . ray my bad . the handicap stall open . a guy in a wheelchair roll out . the guy in the wheelchair look around , stand up , fold up the chair , pick it up and walk out . Ray shake he head in disbelief , then enter the handicap stall . Ray finish , zip he pants , turn to exit . Ray start to leave when he hear voice come from the adjacent stall . Ray press he ear against the stall wall . traces the sound to a small hole in the stall wall . Ray press he ear against the hole . a penis poke through tickle he ear . Ray chuckle and press he head closer . this time the penis thrust through he ear . Ray grab he ear in pain . goo flow out of he mouth . he fall to the floor . int . movie theatre @ night brandy sit alone , eat and yell at the screen . brandy do not go in there ! screen : Shakespeare climb up the side of the tower . he reach the top . he and the lady 's nurse see each other . they scream . so do brandy . brandy this be some scary shit ! run , Shakespeare , run ! man next to she lean over . man will you keep it down !? brandy Excuse I ! I pay my money like everyone else . screen : gwyneth paltrow dress as a man recite the play . brandy ( cont 'd ) that be not no man ! brandy take out a laser pointer . brandy ( cont 'd ) you can see she real hair under that wig . look right there ! people around she be get really annoyed . woman do you mind ? brandy start video taping the movie . the killer sit down next to she . she do not notice . brandy hey Ray , you come back just in time . yeah , this movie be good . brandy ( cont 'd ) she 's about to get it on with shake -a-spear ; he find out she 's a girl . this be just like a episode of Jerry springer . screen : a fight on screen . brandy ( cont 'd ) aw , shit . the fightin ' ! Jerry ! Jerry ! Jerry ! the audience be furious . old lady shut up ! man for Christ 's sake , shut you trap ! brandy 's cell phone ring . she answer . brandy I do not know why y'all trippin' . my girlfriend see the movie and she say they do not even stay together in the end . that 's it . the audience have have enough . the man sit next to she suddenly reach over and stab she in the stomach , then go back to watch the movie . brandy stand up , stunne and horrify . she scream . then the woman sit behind she reach over and stab she in the back , then also go back to watch the movie . man # 2 reach over , gut she , and then continue to watch the movie . the Old woman reach over and cut brandy 's throat . brandy try to escape , but all the people in the theatre start stabbing , slice and gut she as she run by they @ all normal look people : a old couple , a teenager , middle class couple , a priest , etc . the killer never have to touch she . crying and bloody , brandy stumble toward the movie screen , still get stab by everyone . she stand up in front of the screen , look out at all the piss off face in the audience and drop to the ground , dead . the audience erupt in wild cheer and applause . ext . cindy house @ night Party in progress . several car arrive , music blast from inside . int . cindy live room @ night kid watch " Halloween h20 " . shorty here it come .. splat ! jill how can you watch this over and over ? shorty it 's great promotion for miramax . teen when do ll get kill ? shorty he do not . ll cool J be one of the only black guy to survive a horror movie . him and duane Martin from scream 2 . that 's because they follow the rule . jill what be you talk about ? shorty there be certain rule a black person must follow in order to survive a horror movie . jill where 's brandy ? shorty probably dead . the sassy black best friend of a white virgin be always sacrifice first . it 's like be the black guy with the red shirt in the Star Trek landing party when kirk say " Johnson , go check it out " . you know he be not come back . kid boo and throw popcorn at Shorty . jill I be go to the kitchen . anybody want anything ? teen more popcorn . everyone laugh . she exit . int . cindy kitchen @ night Cindy be prepare chip and dip . Jill enter . jill can I help with anything ? cindy sure , can you get some more beer out of the fridge in the garage ? jill sure . int . cindy garage @ night Jill enter , turn on the light , make she way to the fridge . she be startle by a cat . jill oh , kitty , you scared I . the cat run out the doggie door that 's cut into the garage door . Jill turn again . she be startle . this time by a horse . jill ( cont 'd ) oh horsey ! you scared I too ! finally at the fridge , she grab a few drink . insert of fridge beer bottle label : cult 45 , Satan malt liquor , killer genuine draft . new angle @ garage the door slowly close . suddenly the light go out . jill ( cont 'd ) who 's there ? hello ? be anyone there ? Jill walk in the dark constantly talk . jill ( cont 'd ) how tall be you ? what 's you sign ? do you speak more than one language ? the light back on . the killer be stand at the top of the step . knife be draw . jill ( cont 'd ) oh my God ! please do not ! I be just a day player ! killer swing with knife . miss . Jill drop the bottle , start to run . killer chase . she swing open the refrigerator door , smash he in the face . killer fall . she run for the door . killer cut she off . she pick up a bottle and throw it at the killer , smash he in the face . he stumble back . this be she chance . she run to the doggie door . the killer watch in disbelief as Jill try to stuff she body through the doggie door . ext . cindy garage @ doggie door @ night Jill try push head through . it take up the whole door . finally it pop through . int . cindy garage @ doggie door '' night Jill 's ass and foot struggle to get through the small door . wo not fit . turn around and try to go foot first . ext . cindy garage @ doggie door @ night Jill 's head be stick , squeezing past leave side of she face . her hand wiggle through , then a foot . a anatomical mess . int . cindy garage @ night killer turn on the garage door opener . the motor spark and strain , unable to lift the giant weight . she keep heaving , ramming and push against the door until the entire garage door start to shake and splinter . then , the entire garage start tremble and crumble around she with the force of she heaving . finally the whole garage just collapse on she kill she . int . cindy kitchen @ night several kid cheer . teens go! go! go! go! Cindy drink from funnel . teen boy whoa ! Ray enter . Cindy let out a loud burp . jump scare Bobby step into frame . bobby somebody look for I ? cindy hi . you have I worried there for a minute . I think the killer get to you before I could . bobby could what ? Cindy kiss he in a obviously drunk and slutty way . cindy why do not we go ahead upstairs and whatever '' Bobby and Cindy walk hand and hand upstairs . int . cindy bedroom @ night Cindy and Bobby sit on the bed , talk . cindy so@. bobby so , here we be again . cindy yeah . bobby and if you not ready still , I will understand . cindy but I be ready . bobby you be ? cindy yeah , I figure out that I have to live my own life and I can not keep fight my urge . I have to give in and let they flow . bobby this be like a scene in a movie . cindy only this be real life , it 's not a movie . bobby sure it be .. there 's the sound man and the script supervisor ... we see the SOUND man and script supervisor watching . cindy what I mean be in real life you have to enjoy each moment . Cindy take off she shirt . Bobby do the same . they kiss passionately , lick each other mouth , flick they tongue . the two tongue start wildly slapping and lap together until they end up hopelessly tie and knotted together . Cindy and Bobby lay down on the bed . Cindy start to kiss he chest . she work she way down to he belly button then start back up . Bobby gingerly push she head back down . they play tug of war . finally , Cindy surrender . she unzip he pants . Cindy look up innocently . cindy ( cont 'd ) you know , I have never really do this before . bobby it 's okay . it 's just like suck a tootsie pop . Cindy lower she head . we hear the sound . lick ! lick ! slurp ! bobby ( cont 'd ) that 's it , that 's right . just like that . slurp . suddenly crunch ! Bobby scream with pain . cindy I never could wait to get to the chewy middle . Bobby recover . bobby come here , let I . Bobby slide off Cindy 's pants . he 's startle by bat 's fly out . they continue to make out . he try to take off she panty , but struggle . cindy here , let I . his eye gleam with heat anticipation as she lower she panty . poof ! her enormous BUSH of pubic hair fill the screen . we hear the primitive sound of the call of the Wild emanate from she untamed forest . he whip out a machete and thwack ! he slashes at the bush . he pull back the blade to find it 's dent @ he need something stronger . Cindy grab he by the head and push it down . she moan with ecstasy . we hear Bobby struggle to breath . cindy ( cont 'd ) to the leave ! faster ! Higher ! wait ! she draw he a map ad give it to he along with a compass . Cindy finally let Bobby up . he cough up a hairball . cindy ( cont 'd ) I want sex . bobby okay , let I just get my pants off . Bobby stand up and take off he pants . from the back we see he ass and two giant blue ball hang between he leg . bobby ( cont 'd ) be you sure ? cindy I want it now ! she slam he down , tear the remainder of he clothes off and begin to ride he like a human sit and spin . int . cindy live room @ night the party stop . the house shake . plaster fall from the ceiling . a loud howling noise be echoed through out the house . int . cindy room @ night Bobby feel himself ready to climax . bobby oh my God ! I can not hold it ..00000 !!! he cum , send Cindy blast off into the air as he shoot a geyser of jizz . Close on Bobby , he body cave in as fluid leave he body . Cindy be stick to the ceiling . int . cindy bong room @ night two teen boy smoking weed through a bong . room be fill with smoke . teen dude , where do you get this ? it 's fuckin ' awesome the door bust open . the kid see the killer . int . cindy bong room @ night killer hit the bong . killer good shit . teen fuckin ' a dude , I be waste . killer pretend to hear a noise . killer you hear that ? teen # 2 what ? killer do the Jason theme . killer ching , ching , ching , ching , cha , cha , cha , cha . I be just bullshit . hey you guy want to have some fun ? int . cindy bong room killer on the phone . killer what 's you favorite scary movie ? killer start snicker . we hear a terrify girl on the phone . he pass the phone to one of the teens . teen who be the killer in Friday the Thirteenth ? they all start laugh . int . cindy bedroom @ night cindy that be wonderful . I really feel something special happen between we . like this bond that can only be between two people who truly love one another you know ? pan over to bobby who be on the phone . Cindy slap he arm . bobby yeah , I get that ass . tore it up ! cindy Bobby ! do you hear anything I say ? bobby yeah , sure , can you make I a sandwich ? I 'ma little hungry . int . cindy live room @ night the phone ring . Shorty answer it . shorty hello ? what ? no way ! Shorty hang up . turn to the kid . shorty ( cont 'd ) hey everybody , they find Tanya hang from the goal post . party goer # 1 hey let go check it out before they cut she down ! party goer # 2 yeah , maybe she 's not wear underwear ! last on get sloppy second . the party cheer . all the guy exit the party , leave Shorty alone . ext . cindy house @ night all the guy rush to they car . int . cindy bedroom @ night Bobby and Cindy be get dress . Bobby sit close to the door . cindy Bobby , where be you tonight ? bobby huh ? cindy I be just curious . what take you so long to get here ? bobby why so curious ? cindy well , I just think it would fit the 90' horror clich® if you turn out to be the killer . bobby you think I kill buffy and greg ? cindy buffy and greg be dead ? bobby I think you know . the door behind Bobby open . the killer appear . cindy Bobby ! look out ! he 's behind you ! Bobby turn . it 's too late . the killer stab he repeatedly . Bobby turn to Cindy , he shirt bloody , he 's hold a bottle of ketchup in he hand . cindy ( cont 'd ) oh my God ! Bobby no !!! Bobby fall dead . killer wipe he knife . go after Cindy . Cindy take off . run downstairs . int . cindy foyer @ night Cindy run to the door . she look behind she . the killer be go . Cindy turn to leave and run into Ray . cindy Ray ! I be so glad you be okay ! the killer be here ! he get Bobby ! we gotta get away ! Ray say nothing . he just look straight ahead . no emotion . Cindy hear someone call she . she turn to see Bobby staggering down the step . bobby Cindy ! help ! cindy Bobby !!! Cindy turn to he aide . she help he down the step . cindy ( cont 'd ) it 's gonna be okay Bobby , but we gotta hurry . Ray lock the door . cindy ( cont 'd ) Ray , what be you do ? Bobby start laugh . cindy ( cont 'd ) what ?! bobby we all go a little crazy sometimes . billy loomis , scream part 1 . cindy no , it can not be ! Ray give Bobby a knife . Cindy back into the kitchen . int . cindy kitchen @ night bobby yes Cindy , it 's true . cindy but I think you love I . bobby oh I do , but abstinence will make you discover new thing about yourself . that 's right , Cindy , I be gay and if you have not notice , so be Ray . Ray look confuse . ray huh ? wait , whoa ! I be not gay . bobby what do you mean ? you take I to the club . ray they play good music . bobby what about we trip to San Francisco ? ray I want to do some shopping ! bobby but you make love to I ! ray hey , you suck my di . bobby whatever ! the point be I be a new man . I be ready to leave all of this behind and start a new life . cindy so you kill all you friend . bobby no , just you . see , that 's the genius of it all , the perfect crime , copycat of a serial killer . ray but there 's more ! hold on cause this be a scream baby ! Ray exit . he come back with Cindy 's dad , bound and gag . cindy dad ! oh my God ! so what be you gonna do , frame he ? ray no , we be just have a little fun with he . new angle dad . we see he pants be down around he ankle . bobby no , the police will find you both dead and I and Ray be the only survivor of a maniac 's revenge . okay Ray , let 's do it . Bobby hand Ray the knife . bobby ( cont 'd ) come on baby , get it !!! Ray stab Bobby repeatedly . bobby ( cont 'd ) ok , ok , that 's enough . ray my bad . bobby ok , my turn . ray what ? bobby give I the knife ! it 's my turn to stab you . ray shit , you must be crazy ! ai not nobody stabbing I ! suddenly Ray go silent . a hook pierce he body as he be lift off the ground . the killer , stand behind he , remove the hook . Ray fall dead . one swift blow and Bobby be dead too . killer swing at Cindy . his hook miss she and get stick . Cindy punch the killer in the face . he go fly , leave he hook behind . Cindy try to run and the killer trip she . int . cindy live room @ night they both rise to they foot and square off . cindy I be not run anymore , no more victim . come on , show I what you get . killer back hand she . Cindy fire back . killer grab she and throw she against the wall . she get back on she foot . Cindy ala keanu reeves in matrix jump into mid-air karate stance and freeze momentarily . killer look on in amazement . she then proceed to kick major ass , run up wall and throw a barrage of kung fu kick as if she be walk on air . Cindy stop for a moment to do a little mid-air riverdance then back to the ass whupping . the final kick send the killer fly out the window . int . cindy kitchen @ night Cindy rush to she dad to help untie he . ext . cindy house @ night Cindy and she dad exit . Police siren close in . Cindy look for the killer 's body . it 's go . cindy no ! Police arrive and exit they vehicle . several officer run into the house . sheriff approach Cindy . sheriff what the hell be go on here ? deputy run out of the house . deputy it 's a blood bath in there , sir . cindy he be right here , I swear ! sheriff who be ? cindy the killer . sheriff I be gonna have to take you in . int . police station @ night sheriff let 's go over this again . you say it be a accident ? cindy yes , he be on the road . sheriff and you think he come back to get revenge ? cindy yes , it have to be he . doofy enter and give sheriff a folder . doofy they tell I to give you this . sheriff thanks , shit head . sheriff read the folder . doofy you ok Cindy ? cindy yes , thanks doofy . sheriff that will be all doofy . doofy exit . sheriff ( cont 'd ) sorry , Cindy , it be not the guy you hit . his name be David keegan . some fisherman find he body a few week later . he 's bury in lakewood cemetery . cindy that 's impossible . sheriff afraid not . cindy who could it be ? sheriff have to be someone who be connect to all the victim . someone who know about the accident . someone who could move around without be notice . cindy oh my God ! ext . high school fountain @ day @ flashback buffy doofy have the biggest crush on she . ext . cindy house @ night doofy at the front door . int . buffy' bedroom @ night doofy I will be in the next room . end of flashback int . police station @ night slow motion shot coffee cup crash to the floor . cindy doofy ! Cindy and sheriff run through the station look for doofy sheriff anyone see doofy ? deputy he just leave . ext . police station @ dawn sheriff and Cindy rush out of station look for doofy ala usual suspect . ext . MAIN STREET @ daw close on a pair of twisted foot walk . the foot slowly straighten out as the pace increase . camera move up to the bent hand tuck close to the body . it too straighten out . Pan up to doofy look very normal with a devilish smile on he face . doofy light a cigarette . a new jaguar pull up along side of he and he get in . we see gail at the wheel . they kiss . gail this be gonna make one helluva movie . they drive off .