city Light film * producer / director : Martin brest prod . # 00624 scent of a woman " 3 ° : screenplay . by bo Goldman - notice - this 's material i8 the property of universai , CITY studio , inc . and 18 , intended a ) restricted solely for studio - use by studid personnel . distribution or disclosure of the material to unauthorized person be proaibited . the sale , copying or reproduc =- tion of this material in any form i8 also prohibited . : : September 4 , 1991 ext . the baird school - wilton , new hampshire - '' morning 1 a New England prep school straddle the prettiest section of town , a chapel and belfry commanding a grassy quadrangle surround by ivy - cover classroom structure and the marble arch of a administration building . the great black iron bell in the belfry ring , the scraping of wooden chair against wooden floor , door rocket open and the cream of adolescent America pour forth onto the gravel path intersect the lawn : this youth be the future of the nation 's banking , law and medicine , perhaps even the White House , all drape in version of oxford cloth and tweed and gray flannel , tight knot of tie overlap the thick fuzz of crewneck . int . administration build - morning 2 the mid-morn crush at the student 's mailbox , a noisy place with combination lock be spun open and slam shut , the racket blunt by the steady march of delinquent student up wear marble step lead to the Dean 's and bursar 's office . however , downstairs there be the happy activity of the mid-morn break , cluster of gossiper , the excitement of plan be hatched . nearby hang a bulletin board , decorate with plastic turkey . stand in front of it , a good-look kid whose cut-rate haircut and j.c. penney coat - and - tie do not fit in with the preppie platoon . his name be charlie simm , 17 , and he be scan the sparse entry under " Student Aid , Jobs , Thanksgiving weekend " . ext . administration build - morning 3 | a_new maroon jaguar pull into the # 1 parking spot . out step dean trask , a avuncular man in he 50 's , the obligatory schoolmaster 's cozy bow tie and blue blazer , however the face bear more the flinty expression of a labor negotiator or baseball front office man . observe trask from in front of the administration Building , another group of student , harry havemeyer , 18 , a born- to - the-purple prep school prince , GEORGE willis , 17 , Harry 's consort , and two aide of Harry 's , trent and jimmy . harry will you look at this ? GEORGE I can not believe it , they really give it to hin . harry '' now he 's a loser with a jaguar . Dean trask lock the car , give it a last , cherish look and head for the administration Building . Harry break off from he cohort and angle across the yard to cut he off . é harry ( contd ) Dean trask ! trask good morning , havemeyer . harry good morning , sir . fabulous . trask what 's fabulous ? harry that 's some piece of steel you get . trask you do not think I deserve it ? Harry hold the door open for Dean trask as he enter the administration Building . int . administration build - day Harry pursue trask as he move down the lobby . harry ... no sir , I think it 's great . why should the head of baird be putt-putte around in some junker ? I think the board of trustees have have they first stroke of inspiration in some time . trask well thank you , havemeyer , I x11 take that at face value . leave Harry behind , trask enter he office where he be greet by mrs . hunsaker , 55 , he no - nonsense , New England secretary . she have four delinquent wait in chair in front of she , they pink Dean 's slip ball up in sweaty palm . trask pass by . trask ( contd ) good morning , Mrs. hunsaker . ( to the boy ) what have we here , murderer 's row ? he chuckle , delighted by he own turn of phrase , and enter he inner office . across the lobby Harry , withdraw a envelope from he mailbox , meet up with he follower , Georges trent and jimny , who have join he inside . Charlie be still at the bulletin board . GEORGE what be all that ? harry nothing . e GEORGE C ’mon , Harry -- harry nothing . just say hello . I always enjoy say hello to Dean trask . Harry open the envelope , smile . harry ( contd ) sugarbush . lift ticket and condo voucher . jimmy I think we be go to stowe . GEORGE sugarbush be stowe , Jimmy . a bell ring , the lobby start to clear but Charlie continue to examine the job opportunity . harry ... we be do it right , Thanksgiving in vermont , Christmas in Switzerland -- jimmy Christmas in guh-staad be go to cost we -- harry staad , the ' g’ be silent . George ? GEORGE ' staad . harry trent ? trent ' staad . Harry turn back to Jimmy . harry so what about ' staad ? jimmy the ' G 's may be silent but it cost three G 's to get there . I x11 have to talk to my father . harry better yet , why do not my father talk to you father . : to class . behind they , Charlie be have difficulty concentrate on the listing as the snobbish , but good - nature , dispute continue . the bell ring again , the lobby empty as student hurry out ext . administration build - day Charlie bump into Harry and George as they all squeeze out the door , Jimmy and trent follow close behind as the group proceed up a narrow path of the grassy quadrangle . GEORGE ( to Charlie ) you go home this weekend ? charlie I do not know . GEORGE go home to fuck Idaho for Thanksgiving ? charlie I be from Oregon . GEORGE I mean fuck Oregon . harry ( to Charlie ) how do you feel about ski ? in the mood for the white - bosome slope of vermont ? charlie umm -- harry we get a deal go , kid . 20 % off for my friend . my dad arrange it . Christmas in Switzerland -- jimmy * staad -- harry . gstaad . drop the ' g’ be phony . jimmy you just say everybody say ' staad . harry not if you have be there . to Charlie ) Easter in bermuda . then , kentucky derby weekend . we could work you in , son . charlie how much be the 'o white - bosome slope of vermont 's ? harry twelve hundred dollar . include be a nine-course champagne Thanksgiving dinner . charlie twelve hundred dollar be a little rich for my blood , Harry . harry how short be you ? Charlie smile . charlie how short , Harry ? so short it would not be worth the trouble for you and George to measure . but thanks for ask . Charlie break off , head for class . GEORGE ( to Harry ) what have you do that for ? you know he 's on Aid -- harry on major holiday , Willis , it be customary for the lord of the manor to offer dripping to the poor . ext . town of wilton - day past the mill , across the river , above the noisy waterwork there be a blue-collar section , frame house dark with soot . Charlie unfold the square of the piece of paper on which he copy down a address from the bulletin board . he check a number , head up the sidewalk , ring the bell . karen rossi , 26 , answer , two child squeeze against she leg and pull at the seam of she jeans , francine , 4 , blonde bang , a mischievous smile and very dangerous , and willie , 2 , who do what francine tell hin . charlie Mrs. Rossi ..? Karen look Charlie up and down , he again check he slip of paper against the plastic dry wall number beside the door , Karen smile ingratiatingly . charlie ( contd ) ~ 16 Water Street -- ? I be here about the weekend job ? karen come on in . 7 int . rossi house - day Karen show Charlie inside , francine and Willie still cling to she . karen get out of the way , francie -- francine have he get pimple ? he hate pimple . karen quiet ! willie pimple ! yay ! karen shush . ( to Charlie ) I be sorry , the School give I you name but I have forget it . charlie Charlie . Charlie simm . karen how be you , Charlie ? charlie Fine , thanks . karen right this way ... Charlie follow Karen as she pick she way down a dark hall litter with toy and a stroller , past a adult work bench , through a kitchen in deep activity with pot work on the stove . karen ( contd ) you be available for the whole weekend ? charlie yes . karen not go home for Thanksgiving ? charlie no . * karen good . she open the back door , tired wooden step lead down to a yard . karen ( contd ) -- they put he in a Veteran 's Home but he hate it . I tell my dad we have take he -- ext . rear , rossi house - day Karen lead Charlie across the yard towards a small dark cottage , a unexpected outcropping in this cramped yard . karen -- before you go in , do you mind my tell you a few thing ? do not ' sir 's he , do not light he cigar , and if he stagger a little when he stand up , do not pay any attention . Charlie stop now , stare at the cottage 's dark window . Karen smile , try to displace Charlie 's sudden caution . karen ( contd ) Charlie , I can tell right away you be the right person for the job . and uncle Frank 's go to like you , too . charlie where be you go to be this weekend ? karen we be drive to albany . donny -- my husband -- he 's get family there . Karen reach down for a cat who bound out of a pet door at the bottom of the cottage 's entrance , she knock , then call inside . karen ( contd ) do you want Tommy in or out ?! the briefest of silence , then a powerful voice : colonel slade ( v.0 . ) leave he out ! Charlie flinch . colonel slade ( v.0 . ) ( contd ) he 's chase that calico ginch from the tract house ! Karen , gently toss the cat out into the yard , sense Charlie 's hesitation . karen ( to Charlie ) down deep , the man be a lump of sugar . Karen give Charlie a reassure nod , and the gentlest of push . he enter the cottage , the door close quietly behind he . through the silence , Charlie hear the burbling of child as Karen , head back across the yard to she house , be . join by francine and Willie . francine ( v.0 . ) he 's go to hate hin . willie ( v.0 . ) pimple ! int . slade 's cottage - day semi-darkness but as the eye become accustom , object start to come into view . Charlie tap on the door frame . > charlie Sir ? slade ( v.0 . ) do not call I ' sir ! 's charlie sorry , I mean , mister -- sir -- slade ( v.0 . ) what be you , a moron ? charlie no , mister , that be -- Charlie unfold the square of paper again , pore over it for help , glance back at Karen 's house but she have disappear inside . charlie ( contd ) Lieutenant , yes sir , Lieutenant -- ? slade ( v.0 . ) Lieutenant Colonel ! twenty -six year on the line , no one ever bust I four grade before . get in here , you idiot Charlie step inside , through the crepuscular light the only object Charlie can discern be some cat food and a bowl of water at the bottom of a bulg bookcase . come into view now , a blanket on the wall stitched in black , gray and gold which read " u.s.m.a. 1965 " , team and military unit photograph , a picture of the dismiss General macarthur wave to the crowd on 5th Avenue from the back of a open car . through the silence and darkness , a man become visible , plant in a armchair in the midst of this dormitory room / bachelor officer quarter . his name be frank slade , lt . colonel ( u.s.a. ret . ) . slade ( contd ) come closer , I want to get a better look at you . Charlie move in closer and now , as slade raise he head to sniff the air , Charlie can make he out better . slade be blind , still the man cut a remarkable figure . in he late-forty , he wear a coat and tie , a pair of jodhpur boot , he chin be chisell , he posture erect , not a ounce of fat , he neck swiveling slightly as he bring Charlie into he radar , both eye stare blankly , crow 's foot around the corner of they which prove , on closer examination , to be scar . slade ( contd ) how be you skin ? charlie my skin , sir ? slade for chrissake ! charlie -- I do not know , mister -- slade ' Frank ! 's call I Frank ! or Mr. slade . or if you must , Colonel ! slade bang the oversize silver oak leaf mount on burnish wood beside he , the plaque slashing into the table . he pinch the end of a cigar , reach for a Zippo lighter and begin the hit-and - miss business of lighting it . Charlie unconsciously aid he with body English until the flame make contact , then slade reach for a mean bottle of whiskey beside he , splashes the whiskey into a glass with such a vengeance that some of the dark liquid fly up onto he finger , he waggle they at Charlie and the drop flicker onto Charlie 's nose . slade ( contd ) simm , Charles , a senior . you on Student Aid , simm ? charlie yes , I a . slade for ' Student Aid 's read ' crook . 's you father pedal car telephone at a 300 % markup and you mother work on heavy commission in a camera store . ~ ( tap he ash ) graduate to it from espresso machine . Charlie be at a loss . 10 . slade ( contd ) what be you , die of some waste disease ? . charlie I be right here , sir . slade I know exactly where you body be . what I be look for 1s some indication of a brain . too much football without you helmet ? ( cackle ) lyndon 's line on Jerry Ford . deputy debriefer , Paris peace talk , ' 68 . shave -tail , snag a Silver Star , throw I into G - 2 . how old be you ? charlie 17 . slade sniff . slade smell more like 18 . ( smile lasciviously ) get down last night ? the cat pop back through the pet door , cross to he food . slade sense he , fondly angle he head towards he . slade ( contd ) the old ass man do not quite get he ash haul . you can tell when he come back hungry . like a woman whose brain you have just fuck out and she ask you for a cigarette . where you from ? charlie gresham , Oregon . slade so what do you father do in gresham , Oregon , count wood chip ? charlie my stepfather and my mom run a convenience store . slade - 7 - eleven , Arco , allsup 's ? charlie it 's a independent . slade what time they open ? 11 13 . donny hi , Charlie . charlie hello . I do not know , Mrs. Rossi -- I get the feel I screw up . karen you could not have . charlie -- it be a bad interview . karen that be no interview , Charlie , you be it . you be the only one who show up . and you have get to take the job . he sleep a lot , you can watch television , call you girlfriend , I promise you , a easy three hundred buck . charlie I do not get a ' easy 's feel . karen his bark be worse than he bite . the man grow on you . by Sunday night , you will be best friend . Charlie blink . karen ( contd ) Charlie , please -- I want to get away with my husband for a few day -- and uncle Frank will not come with we . I could practically leave he alone -- I just feel better have someone around . just in case . please -- vu donny turn around now from the bathtub , look pleadingly at Charlie ... Karen do , too . together , they wait for he decision . finally , Charlie smile reticently . charlie okay , Mrs. Rossi . sure . Karen smile gratefully at Charlie , turn back to the bathtub , francine scoops some sud off she chest , throw they at Charlie as he back out . ext . rossi house - dusk 11 Charlie exit , shove he hand into he back pocket , regards the whole , scruffy Rossi compound , now hurry off into the twilight and the baird School . 11 . charlie five am . slade Close ? charlie one am . slade hard worker , you get I all misty - eye . so , what be you do in this sparrow - fart town ? charlie I attend baird . slade ' attend 's baird ? I know you go to the baird School . the point be how do you afford it , even with Student Aid plus the folk back home hustling the corn nut ? charlie I win a National merit Scholarship . silence . slade hoo-rah . there be a tapping at a window pane of the door which open onto the yard . francine be there . slade ( contd ) who 's that ?! francine rattles she finger on the glass , stick she tongue out , make a crazy face at Charlie . slade ( contd ) be that that little piece of tail ?! get she out of here ! he hurl a rubber mouse at the door , it slam against the window , fall to the floor , little bell ring gently . slade tilt he head in the direction of Karen 's house . slade ( contd ) I can not believe they be my blood . the - iq of sloth and the manners of banshee . a mechanic and a homemaker . he know as much about car as a beauty queen and she bake cookie that taste like wing nut . as for the tot , they be twit . do you say you have a skin condition , son ? I like ny aide to be presentable . 10 12 . Charlie feel he face . charlie I have a few zit , sir . ( into himself ) my roommate leat I he clinique ... he 's from chestnut Hill and -- slade ' the History of my skin 's by Charles simm . be you patronize I , peewee ? give I the old prep School palaver ? the baird School . a bunch of runny - nose snot in tweed jacket study to be George Bush . charlie 's President Bush , I believe , go to andover . slade do not sharpshoot I , punk . you 'il give I forty then you will give I forty more , then you will pull k.p . the grease trap . I / x11 bury you nose in enlist man 's crud until you do not know which end be up ! what do you want ?! charlie a job , Colonel slade . I be try to make my plane fare home for Christmas . slade drain he drink , start the dangerous ceremony of lighting a fresh cigar , hit a button and country music plays . Charlie be in thrall . after a few moment , slade shut the music off . slade be you still hang around , poormouth ? convenience store , my ass . hustling jalapeno dip to the appleseed . dis-miss ! Charlie exit quickly , hurry across the yard to Karen 's house . int . karen 's house - bathroom - day 10 Karen be bathing francine , wash up Willie be donny , she husband , a blue-collar guy . . charlie Mrs. Rossi -- ? Karen eagerly turn around from the tub to Charlie . karen Charlie , this be donny . 12 13 14 14 . ext . baird school - quadrangle - night 12 the place quiet at night , a couple of light burn in the administration Building , the library , and the science lab . int . dean trask 's office - night 13 Dean trask be work overtime , signing letter as Mrs. hunsaker prepare they in she outer office . int . baird library - night 14 Charlie be stamp out the book of the last student before close . the student be George . Charlie pause over one of the book . charlie this can not go out , it 's on Reserve . GEORGE here 's the thing . I need it for tonight . Thanksgiving quiz with Big shit Preston in the morning . charlie that 's why he put it on Reserve . we only get one copy . GEORGE so I will heave it through the slot in the a.m. chas , I get to do a all night , all frantic . without this book , I be dead . Charlie study George . charlie if it 's not back by 7:30 , it 's my ass -- GEORGE I promise . Charlie shrug , smile . charlie okay . sure . George grab the book , Charlie reach for a window pole by the desk . GEORGE ~ you head back , I / x11 wait for you . charlie give I a minute . Charlie close the top of one of the great window with a pole , start pull down shade to half - mast . George stand by , do not help . 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 15 . ext . dean trask 's house - night the Dean 's maroon jaguar be park outside . Harry approach it stealthily , bend over the trunk , pop it open with a crowbar . nearby , a concrete mixer from a small landscape operation have be rest overnight beside a garden wall . Jimmy jab a bag of concrete mix with a spade , trent pick up the bag and heave the content into the mixer . Harry switch the mixer on , it thump rhythmically . he pick up the nozzle of the mixer 's thick hose and jog back to the car with it , as the first drop of concrete squeeze out . int . baird library - night Charlie and George bounce down the marble step lead to the lobby of the building . int . dean trask 's office - night Mrs. hunsaker , all bundle up against the November chill , wave good night to Dean trask as he finish signing the day 's correspondence . ext . dean 's house - night the trunk of Dean trask 's jaguar be open , the concrete mixer be churn , concrete pump into the hose , Harry shoot the high - pressure stream into the trunk of the car . ext . library ~- night Charlie and George emerge . charlie ..- hold on , get to get the door . George wait as Charlie lock up , turn out the last indoor light , set a outdoor light . ext . the baird school - night Mrs. hunsaker walk placidly across the silent quadrangle . but now she eyebrow knit at the SOUND of the concrete mixer . ext . the baird school - chapel - night " George and Charlie head along a path to the dormitory . GEORGE ..- God , can you wait to get out of . this dump ? charlie where you go ski again ? sugar loaf ? GEORGE Bush , chas , Bush , sugarbush -- 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 16 . George laugh , but now the SOUND of the concrete mixer get he attention . he and Charlie glance down towards the Dean 's house , see Harry , trent and Jimmy busy around the concrete mixer . ext . dean 's house - night '' 22 something make the busy Harry look up , he see the figure of Mrs. hunsaker approach . Harry drop the hose , Jimmy slam the car trunk , trent switch off the mixer and the three of they take off . sudden silence . from a distance , George and Charlie be observe the scene , when Mrs. hunsaker appear behind they . mrs . hunsaker who be that ? George look at Charlie , Charlie look at George . mrs . hunsaker ( contd ) who be that boy ? what be they do ? GEORGE I do not know , mar ’am . mrs . hunsaker Charles ? charlie ummm -- Mrs. hunsaker now scrutinize the exterior of the Dean 's house , put all be absolutely quiet . the silence be interrupt by a 1970 plymouth valiant , in mint condition , pull up at the curb at the end of the quadrangle path . GEORGE be not that you husband , Mrs. hunsaker ? Mrs. hunsaker glance at she watch , check around again but all be still and she cross the " yard " to she car . ext . dean trask 's house - next morning 23 trask head out into the brisk morning air , he pipe at a jaunty angle , be about to climb into he jaguar , glance down , notice it have a flat rear tire . he sigh , open the door on the driver side , reach in to pop the trunk release , then walk around to the back to get out the jack . but the trunk be fill with _ solid concrete and now with a crack , the other rear tire give way and the entire car tilt skyward as it settles back on its rear axle . a hysterical , contemptuous roar from the hill overlook the Dean 's house , trask look up , half the student body have assemble to observe he . 24 17 . int . dine hall - morning 24 pile high outside the door be weekend luggage , laundry bag , backpack , hockey stick tape to overnight valise . in the growd dining hall , Harry chat casually with George , trent and immy . GEORGE ..- it 's the timing that I love . the morning of Thanksgiving weekend . what the hell 's he go to do now -~- harry ( to George ) ..- you do not hear anything , you do not see anything . GEORGE - and dammit , I do not get to do anything . harry you be too busy grind for Preston 's quiz . if you be not careful , George , you be go to end up a achiever . GEORGE I almost shat when the old bag -- harry she do not know a thing . trent motion to Harry . they all fall silent as Charlie dart through the dining hall door just before they close , take the closest seat available -- at Harry 's table . harry ( contd ) what about you , Oregon ? charlie huh ? harry do you see anything ? Charlie glance casually at Harry , now at George , he be very aware of what be in the air . he reach down the table for a serve bowl swim with poach egg . GEORGE - you get a Dean 's slip , chas ? George and Harry be study Charlie , he choose not to respond to George , but he eye be on Harry as he answer . charlie yeah , I get one . 25 18 . Charlie dip into the bowl , Harry stare with a mixture of wonder and contempt as Charlie slide a pair of watery egg onto a cold piece of toast . int . dean trask 's office - morning " 25 Dean trask be at he window , look down at the " yard " and the maelstrom of student stream out for the Thanksgiving holiday as van , bus and a few fancy private car await they in the street . trask turn back from the window to George and Charlie who be . seat in chair in front of he desk . he close he door . trask Mr. simm -- Mr. Willis -- Charlie come to semi-attention in he chair , but George be very relaxed . trask ( contd ) Mrs. hunsaker say both of you gentleman be at a vantage point last night to observe who be responsible for this -- ah -- stunt . silence . trask ( contd ) who be it ? GEORGE I really could not tell you , sir . I think it be weird the mixer be work at night but by the time I pull focus , they be go . trask Mr. simm ? charlie I could not say for sure . trask okay , for not sure ? charlie uh -- I do not know -- uh ... Dean trask survey Charlie and George , he take he time before he resume . trask that automobile be not just a possession of mine . that automobile be present to I by the board of trustees . ( more ) a cold smile 19 . trask ( contd ) it be a symbol of the standard of excellence for which this school be know . and I will not have it tarnish . GEORGE the automobile ? from trask . trask the standard , Mr. Willis . he glance from George to Charlie . trask ( contd ) what be you position , Mr. simm ? charlie on what , sir ? trask on preserve the reputation of baird ? charlie I be for baird . trask then who do it ? charlie I could not say for sure . trask do you know what a class B felony be , Mr. Willis ? George shake he head " no . " no response . trask ( contd ) Mr. simm ? charlie no , sir . trask it 's a crime punishable by up to seven year in the State penitentiary in concord . ever visit we prison in ~ concord ? silence . he wait for silent . 20 . trask ( contd ) it be not a pleasant place . that be where I be send the instigator of this event and , unless you tell I fully and completely what happen , I be go to see to it you end up there as well on whatever charge I can muster for not report the commission of the crime . do I make myself clear ? GEORGE yes , sir . charlie yes , sir . trask then what have you gentleman get to say ? trask ( contd ) very well . first thing Monday morning , when we be all over we big Thanksgiving weekend , I be conven a special session of the Student - faculty disciplinary Committee . as this be a matter which concern the whole school , the entire student body will be present . there will be no class , no activity , nothing will transpire at this institution until that proceeding be conclude . and if at that time we be no further along than we be now , I will expel you both and turn this matter over to Andrew runkle , the Attorney General of this state . we be in the same class at Dartmouth . Andy be a very good friend of mine . Charlie and George to speak , but they remain trask ( contd ) Mr. Willis , would you excuse we ? GEORGE pardon , sir ? trask wait outside with Mrs. hunsaker . George nod anxiously , hurry out . trask , silent for a moment , regards Charlie . 21 . trask ( contd ) one of the few perk of this office be that I be empower to handle certain matter on my own , as I see fit . do you understand ? charlie yes , sir . trask good . the Dean of admission at Harvard and I have a arrangement . along with the usual sheaf of applicant submit by baird of which virtually two third be guarantee admittance , I add one name , somebody who be a standout and yet underprivileged . a student who cannot afford to pay the board and tuition in Cambridge . do you know on whose behalf I have draft a memo this year ? charlie no , sir . trask you . you , Mr. simm . after a moment . trask ( contd ) now can you tell I who do it ? after another moment . charlie no , sir , I can not . trask you be aware of what 's at stake , be not you ? charlie Harvard or jail . trask study he . trask take the weekend to think about it , Mr. simm . good morning . Charlie get up and go . 26 ext . administration build - day 26 George hurry down the step with a shake Charlie , and out of the administration Building . 22 . GEORGE what have he say ? charlie nothing . GEORGE what do you mean , ' nothing 's ? charlie the same thing he say to both of we , he just say it over to I . GEORGE he 's good - cop , bad -copping we . he know I be Old Guard , you be fringe . he 's go to bear down on I , soft soap you . do he try to soft soap you ? charlie uhh -- no . GEORGE I be get a slight panic pulse from you , Charlie . be you panic ? charlie a little . GEORGE you be on scholarship , right ? charlie yeah . GEORGE on scholarship from Oregon at baird . you be a long way from home , chas . charlie . what 's that get to do with anything ? GEORGE well , I do not know how they do it out there but this be how we do it here . we stick together . it 's we against they , no matter what . we do not tell we parent and we do not cover we ass . stonewall everybody and above ~ all never , never , leave any of we twist in the wind . charlie what 's that get to do with my be on scholarship ? GEORGE just try to bring you up to speed . 27 23 . charlie thanks . GEORGE tell you what . give I a few hour to figure out the move . call I tonight in vermont . we will be at the sugarbush Lodge . charlie all right . GEORGE you okay ? charlie yeah , I guess so . Charlie ease away , head for one of the classroom building . George keep a eye on he until he disappear . int . rossi house - water STREET - afternoon 27 Chaos as Karen and donny and the child get ready to depart , k - Mart luggage and shopping bag , the kid run sprint in the kitchen on they tricycle as donny try to bundle they up while Karen give Charlie last - minute instruction . karen -- try to keep he down to four drink a day . donny if you can keep he down to forty , you be do good . karen we try to water they down a little . do you know how to do that -~ ? donny ( remonstrate ) honey -- karen okay , okay . all he food be in the freezer . vegetable soup , a nice fish casserole . there 's more than enough for both of you -- he 's not much of a eater . donny . it 's a long drive , honey -- karen get the kid ready , I x11 be right out . donny squeeze Charlie 's shoulder , give he a smile of reassurance , go to get the kid 's coat . 28 24 . francine mommy , mommy , do not forget uncle Frank 's walk -- willie yay , yay , he walk -- ! francine and Willie ditch they trike and launch into they version of a drunk -- Ben Blue / w.c . field / Foster brook roll into one , as render by two toddler . karen oh yeah , you get to air he out a little every day . Charlie observe the kid 's performance anxiously . karen ( contd ) why do not you go back there and get orient ? I / x11 be out in a minute and give you telephone number and stuff . she turn back to button up the child , and donny gather they belonging as Charlie head across the backyard to the cottage . int . slade 's cottage - afternoon 28 the SOUND of slade on the telephone as Charlie enter . Charlie glance around , the place be in transition , drawer open , various clothing item sling over chair . near a small refrigerator in a alcove , a huge mound of cat food and a large bowl of water . Charlie poke he head in the bedroom . slade , aware of Charlie immediately , wave he inside . slade ( into phone ) be that you , beautiful ?... yeah , we speak yesterday . do you have a glass of wine with lunch , you sound a little dusky ? ( chuckle dirtily ) Charlie clear he throat politely . slade ( contd ) ( irritate ) just a minute , sweetheart ... . ( to Charlie ) my dress blue , get they out , they be in a garment bag in the closet . check the top dresser drawer , take out the shoulder board and affix they shoulder right and leave asap . 25 . slade carry the phone into the sit room as a bewilder Charlie cross into the bedroom . slade ( contd ) ( phone ) you know I be not the kind of guy that like to rush thing but I be catch a 4 o'clock at Logan and I be look out my window and there 's no taxi in sight ... have Chet invest in a radio yet ?... well , get you driver on it and tell he to get a move on ... ( a seductive whisper ) some kind of body must go with that bedroom voice . one day I be go to swing by and get a look at it . Charlie look around the bedroom , the bed be stripped military - style , a pillow without a case rest on a blanket at the foot of a sheetless mattress . Charlie blink at the bed , the sudden whack of a cane against the door jamb . slade ( contd ) my Val - pak 's underneath , put the board on the blue and fold they in . charlie we go someplace ? i ) slade what business be it of yours ? Charlie shrug innocently . slade ( contd ) do not shrug , you imbecile . I be blind . save you body language for the bimbi . now get out my gear ! slade sniff the air . slade ( contd ) what time be it , it 's get to be about three and the goddamn flintstone have not leave yet . Charlie glance out the window . charlie here come Mrs. Rossi now . slade reach out and grab Charlie . slade I say good - bye to she twice , what have she get , separation anxiety ? cut she off at the door ! : 29 30 26 . he push Charlie towards the door , keep a hand on he to stay orient . Karen knock gently , Charlie open it . slade call to she over Charlie 's shoulder . slade ( contd ) hi , honey ! ' bye , honey ! Karen reach out , hand Charlie a fold piece of paper , provoking a wary slade to crowd into the doorway . karen ( to Charlie ) this be where we will be -- in she rush , Karen take a moment now . purposefully , she lean up to kiss slade and he , in return , search she face with he hand . Charlie watch , entrance by the movement of slade 's head which swivel like a perform seal as he scan Karen 's presence . karen ( contd ) I wish you be come with we . slade thanks . maybe next time . now Karen hurry away , slade ducking back in the house as a slightly forlorn Charlie remain in the doorway watch she go . ext . rear , rossi house - day 29 Karen stride quickly across the yard towards the car , where donny and the child be wait . karen good luck , Charlie . do not let he drink too much ! she climb in the car , lean out the window . karen ( contd ) and no 900 number ! he love to talk dirty ! _ the rossis and they child drive away . through the rear window a disappear francine reprise she staggering drunk routine for Charlie . slade ( v.0 . ) get to work ! int . slade 's cottage - day 30 Charlie hurry back inside , slade be struggle with a piece of luggage under he bed , Charlie bend to help he , pull out a military bag , it be real pro , all polished leather and khaki . slade straighten up and busy himself attend to he clothes as , behind he , the strap on the bag confound Charlie . 27 . slade what be it , the l-buckle ? never in the Boy scout , sluggo ? charlie make tenderfoot . slade tenderfoot , my foot ! a convenience store mama 's boy ! give it to I . in order to guide slade back to the bag on the bed , Charlie take slade 's arm , but slade slap Charlie 's hand away violently . slade ( contd ) touch I again and I x11 kill you , you little son-of - a-bitch . Charlie do a " hand off ! " as if he have touch a burn skillet . slade ( contd ) I touch you ! now go get my shoulder - board . a chasten Charlie slide the bag over to slade , in a instant slade have unfasten the buckle as Charlie reach into the top of the Colonel 's bureau ; medal , ribbon , a ceremonial dagger , a trove of military honors in dusty disarray . slade ( contd ) the epaulet with the silver oak leaf ! Charlie locate the Lt. Colonel insignia , lift the garment bag out of the closet , slade zip it open , affix the shoulder board , expertly fold the dress uniform into the Val - pak , zip it shut . slade ( contd ) we be all set . charlie for what ? slade see if the cab be here . charlie where be we go ? slade freak show Central . charlie where 's that ? slade New York City . 28 . Charlie blink . slade ( contd ) that 's locate in New York State , son . _ charlie Mrs. Rossi do not say anything about go anywhere . slade she forget . Charlie measure hin . charlie well -- maybe we should wait and call she . she give I she number -- slade they just hit the road . between piss call for that kid and that hupmobile he drive , by the time they get to albany it /’1l be open day at Saratoga . charlie I can not go to New York . slade why not ? charlie it 's too much responsibility . slade no , it be not . I have a lot of seventeen year old in my first platoon . slade reach into he rear trouser pocket . slade ( contd ) ticket -- ( right trouser pocket ) money -- ( inside suit coat pocket ) speech . he smile devilishly at Charlie . ~ slade ( contd ) a old Washington joke . ( run he tongue over he tooth ) from my day with lyndon . the honk of a horn . 29 . slade ( contd ) I know I could count on transportation . be you ready ? Charlie , fight for time , remain silent . slade ( contd ) hello ! this be not panmunjom , a simple ' yes 's will do . charlie umm -- slade that 's what I like to hear ! get my bag . slade crouch and Tommy , the cat , leap into he arm . slade ( contd ) ( nuzzling the cat ) when in doubt , tomster , fuck . the horn honk again , he dump Tommy , reach for Charlie 's arm and they head out . slade ( contd ) do not rush . they always hold the plane for field grade officer . 31 ext . logan airport - boston - afternoon 32 a taxi pull up to the curb , its door fly open and a cane probe the air as curbside , a skycap hustle to greet the arrive passenger . Charlie , emerge from the other door , hurry around to the trunk for the bag as slade hand the skycap the ticket . skycap yes sir , two for the shuttle to New York -- slade we be not shuttling anywhere , we be riding first class ! the skycap check the ticket . skycap yes sir , Mr. simm and Colonel slade . " first class . as the skycap take the bag , Charlie turn to slade . charlie you buy a ticket for I ? what make you think I have go to New York ? 30 . slade be you some chicken - shit who stick to the job description ? the skycap staple a baggage check to the ticket . Charlie reach for they but slade bashes he hand away , take they himself . slade extend a ten-spot to the skycap who happily accept it . slade ( contd ) ( to the skycap ) as you be , sarge -- the skycap salute as slade stride off hold he arm out , Charlie run to catch up to it . slade ( contd ) be you blind ? charlie of course not -- slade then what be you take my goddamn arm for , I take you arn . charlie sorry -- slade do not be sorry , how would you know ? you have be watch MTV all you life . charlie Colonel , I can not go to New York , hey look , I be -- slade do not ‘hey , look 's I ! this be New York we be talk about . this be a opportunity , squirt . now listen up . there be two kind of people in this world . work stiff who stick to the lesson plan , and Wild talent who go for the brass ring . which be you go to be ? before Charlie can answer -- slade ( contd ) . never mind , I ‘’1l take care of you . slade take Charlie by the arm , squeeze he bicep , Charlie grimace . 32 31 . slade ( contd ) two oyster wrap in rag . ( to Charlie ) half step ahead . guide on , soldier . Charlie lead the way , the Colonel stride on , swinging he cane as he go , he head tilt at a sharp angle that seem to slash through the outside world . slade ( contd ) and stay on the right side , there be woman on the leave . they switch side , a salacious smile on the Colonel 's lip as he aim he nose at every female passerby . int . boston - new york 737 - afternoon 32 a uncrowded plane , slade 's seat be on the aisle , he tune he radar to the approach of a shapely Flight attendant . flight attendant can I get you gentleman anything to drink ? slade triple Jack Daniels , water back . Charlie wince , make a narrow gesture to the Flight attendant with he thumb and forefinger , " water it . " she nod conspiratorially . flight attendant ( to Charlie ) and for you , sir ? charlie nothing . slade it 's first class , peewee , it come with the fare . charlie no , thanks . slade what be you , a temperance Union ? charlie I do not want anything -- slade ( to Flight attendant ) to complete the order , daphne , give Andy hardy here a diet slice , water back . the Flight attendant move off . 32 . charlie how do you know she name ? slade she 's wear floris . that 's English . but she voice be pure California chickie . California chickie buck for English lady . so I call she daphne . ( poke a elbow ) Big thing may happen to that little thing of yours . charlie look , Colonel , 1/11 get you to New York but then I be go to have to turn right around and come back . slade of course you will . the Flight attendant return with slade 's drink , hurry away . he take a sip , make a face . slade ( contd ) who 's mixing the drink here , the flintstone ? : he swallow a big gulp anyway . slade ( contd ) try that again , you be get out at hartford . charlie the flight be non-stop . slade you will get out at hartford anyway . charlie wish I could . I do not belong on this plane . I do not belong in New York . slade do not worry about ' pelong , 's sonny , there 's only one club to belong to . that 's you own . make you own rule , be you own board of governor . pay you own due . . slade drain he drink , reach into he vest pocket for a flask , splashes more dark liquid over the watery rock , fill it to the edge . Charlie watch in horror . charlie why be we go to New York ? slade sigh . 33. slade all information will be give on a need - to - know basis . ( craning he head ) where 's daphne ? let 's get she down ere . charlie she 's way in the back . slade the tail 's in the tail . he sniff again . slade ( contd ) I can still smell she . woman . who make they ? God be a fuck genius . what a mind the guy must have have . the hair -- they say the hair be everything . have you ever bury you nose in a mountain of curl and just want to go to sleep forever ? and lip that when they touch yours be that first swallow of wine after you have just cross the desert ? slade be deep into a reverie . slade ( contd ) tit . Big one , little one , bury you face in they and nipple that stare at you like secret searchlight . leg , I do not care if they be Greek column or second -hand steinway , between they be a passport to heaven . do not think I can not see woman because I can not see woman . I be a female traffic Controller , Charlie , I can bring they in . with my nose , with my ear . what be it about they ? " what do they want ? " who care what they want . they be wonderful . yes , Mr. simm , there be only two syllable in this whole wide world worth hearing -- pussy ! Charlie , strike dumb by slade 's passion , remain silent . slade ( contd ) be you listen to I ? I be give you pearl here . charlie I guess you really like woman . 33 34 34 . slade above all thing . slade refill he drink , there be no ice leave , so he downs it straight . a helpless Charlie can only watch . slade ( contd ) -- a very , very distant second isa Ferrari . ( a moment ) this air jockey 's not bad . 450 knot , about 10,000 foot . charlie how do you know ? slade Charles , this be just the start of you education . ext . waldorf - astoria HOTEL - night 33 a taxi pull into the line of unload limo , unload taxi , the main entrance redolent with the hustle and bustle of well - coiff woman and sharp man , expensive luggage wait by shiny - brass hydrant to be send upstairs , a burly doorman with huge epaulet and row of gold button , blow the hell out of a silver whistle . Charlie be seat in the taxi next to the Colonel . peer out the window at the swanky sight , Charlie seem overcome . the doorman swing they door open . charlie ( to slade ) where be we ? slade ( nirvana ) ; the waldorf - astoria . int . waldorf lobby - night 34 slade and Charlie follow jaime , they bellman , up the step and into the giant lobby , floor - to - ceiling mural , chamber . music issue from public room . slade ... it 's the last of the great lobby . relax in a easy chair , smoke a Havana . watch the woman go by and when you have find the right one , a urn of sand to douse you cigar . Jaime wait patiently until Charlie and slade catch up . 35 . slade ( contd ) ... last time I be here be with two of Madame nhu 's general . could not shoot a azimuth , but could they find the coordinate for a hooker ? talk about ass -men . that little vietnamese bandit be not lack for testosterone . no sir ! they arrive at the desk . slade ( contd ) yes sir , my kind of inn . jaime ( to clerk ) Colonel slade and Mr. simm . clerk we have you reservation right here , Colonel -- slade ( intimately ) Mr. Gilbert around -- or be he back on day ? the clerk be momentarily puzzle . slade ( contd ) ( impatient ) you know , the honcho -- what have they do , boot he upstairs ? clerk oh yes ... Mr. Gilbert . he 's not be with we for a number of year . slade sniff , Charlie remain all bewilder by the surroundings . clerk ( contd ) ... we have get a nice junior executive for you , Colonel . slade delete the ' junior . 's clerk very good , sir . the clerk give a different set of key to Jaime . " saime right this way , gentleman . 2203 . beautiful corner suite . slade seem appease , he make a abrupt right turn . 35 36 . jaime ( contd ) ( to slade ) no sir , this way . slade the elevator be over here ! jaime I be sorry , Colonel , the door be change to the other side of the shaft . > slade when ? jaime I think about five year ago . slade take a deep intake of breath . slade they be put too much lysol in the head . ( to Charlie ) follow he . Charlie follow Jaime , slade on Charlie 's arm as they approach the elevator . slade ( contd ) ( to Charlie ) ... first time I come here be with the G - 2 from Brussels . he have a Ferrari . I have to hold the door every day for the fucker , never even offer I a ride ... int . elevator - waldorf - night 35 slade and Charlie be side - by-side behind Jaime who preside over the luggage . behind they in a corner of the elevator , a elderly racquet club-type in a trilby hat . slade ( to Jaime ) what 's you name ? jaime Jaime . slade ~ okay , hyman , should I want some of -- a indefinable gesture ) ... this ... I call for you ? or , who 's work the street , the doorman ? . jaime Sir -- sir , I -- 36 37 . Jaime at a loss , turn to Charlie for help . slade whose department be it , hyman ? Jaime gesture helplessly to Charlie . charlie ( to slade , gently ) Colonel , I think he 's try to tell you he do not really know ~~ slade hey ! do not translate for I ! I know how to talk to a man in uniform ! the sudden tension in the elevator subside as slade peer over he shoulder at the man in the corner , smile , turn back to Jaime , knowingly . slade ( contd ) I be with you , hyman . classify . later . int . waldorf suite - night 36 jaine wait discreetly as slade riffle through a sheaf of ill . slade spread the word -- slade hand Jaime a generous tip . slade ( contd ) and the intelligence will be forthcoming ? > jaime Sir ? slade on the escort scene ! jaime uhh -- yes , sir . and welcome to the waldorf . Jaime go . slade . Puerto rican always make the best infantrymen . slade tap he way around the room , orient himself to the area . he come to a dead end against a wall , turn and stumble into the mini-bar . he discern the shape of it with he cane . Charlie open nearby . 38 . slade ( contd ) give I a inventory . the mini-bar as slade locate the telephone slade ( contd ) ( phone ) get I ' 21 's . Charlie squat by the mini-bar , search through the content . slade ( contd ) ( phone ) be sheldon or Mac there ? while slade wait , Charlie report to he on the content of the mini-bar . charlie early Times , Jim beam . lot of little bottle ... slade make a face . slade quartermaster 's on the take again . ( into phone ) ... this be Colonel Frank slade , one of you old regular . use to come in with General garbisch ... ( smile ) well , that 's probably because he 's at Arlington , six foot under . now listen up , I want a table for two , and I be talk the fireplace up front . 8:15 . he tap the phone cradle , disconnect he phone call . slade hang w| slade ( contd ) ( to Charlie ) clear they little bottle out . call hyman when I get off , tell he I want it wall - to- wall with John Daniels . charlie you mean Jack Daniels ? slade he may be Jack to you but when you know he as well as I do -- . ( into phone ) Colonel slade ... get I a limo for 8 o'clock . p , take a swig from he flask , a deep , satisfied intake of breath through he nose . 37 39 . slade ( contd ) ( to Charlie ) what be you drink ? Charlie , to avoid a answer , keep rearranging the content of the mini-bar . impatient , slade hold out he flask to Charlie . charlie no thanks , I do not use it . slade what 's useful about it ?! charlie I dunno . hey look , Colonel , I gotta go . slade where be you go ? charlie I have to get back to school , I get some reai important stuff I get to take care of . slade very well . but I never let my aide leave on a empty stomach . you ’1ll dine with I , and then my driver will transport you to the airport for the Boston shuttle depart at 2200 hour . unpack my bag , I be go to christen the latrine . slade get up , break into a little two -step as he head for the bathroon . slade ( contd ) ... feel like morning of the Notre Dame game . ( sing ) ' son of Mars and Thunder rip that line asunder carry on to victory -- 's he shut the bathroom door . Charlie open slade 's bag , start to unpack for he . int . limo - night 37 slade look dazzle in a expensive suit . Charlie , still in he rumple sweater , slump in the rear seat next to slade , seem a thousand mile away , slade push a button , he window roll down , slade turn he head this way and that . 40 . slade New York , New York -- smell good . ( a moment ) what have we get , a red light ? nothing like a red light on Park Avenue . all that tit hurry to cross the street -- paradise ! what 's the matter with you ? charlie with I ? slade the car feel heavy , you know why ? because you have get the fuck weight of the world on you shoulder . charlie I have a little problem at school -~ slade spit it out . charlie no big deal . where be we go again ? twenty - what ? slade so it 's no big deal ? then why be it ' real important stuff 's ? charlie why be what ? slade the ' little problem 's . be bang the headmaster 's daughter ? Charlie , give in to the interrogation , sigh . charlie I be in a little trouble -- slade what kind of trouble ? charlie I see some guy do something -~ slade do what ? ~ Charlie fall silent . slade ( contd ) to tell or not to tell -- or it 's you ass . 41 . charlie how do you know that ? slade I do not run S - 2 for nothing . charlie ' 8 - 22 ! slade Intelligence ! give I the detail . Charlie hesitates under slade 's glare . charlie well , you see there 's this guy , Harry , he 's this real rich kid and he kind of run thing , and -- slade who else -- ? charlie this other guy , George . he do not do anything . but he and I see Harry and he guy do something . slade George a friend of yours ? charlie he 's not my friend but he 's okay . slade you trust he ? charlie yeah . well , I guess so . slade be he on scholarship , too ? charlie no . why ? slade lean forward . slade what 's you name , driver ? manny * manny , sir . slade manny , do you know hyman ? manny hyman ? 42 . slade hyman , the baggage - smasher at the waldorf . charlie ( to slade ) I think he name be Jaime . slade that 's he . Jaime . . manny oh , Jaime esperanza - Chavez ? slade I dia not ask for he lineage , I ask whether you know hin . manny yes sir , I do . slade Jaime any good at get escort ? manny I would not know . slade what would you know ? manny about what ? slade about you - know -what ! manny , in troubled bewilderment , squint . slade ( contd ) well -- ? manny maybe I could manage something . slade you mean for a fee ? manny let I think about this , sir -- slade I be talk top-of- the-line . slade turn to Charlie . slade ( contd ) okay , we get Harry , we get George . and we get trouble . they be rich , you be poor . ( more ) 38 39 43. slade ( contd ) but you want to get rich . you want to graduate from baird and become a rich bigshot . like they , right ? charlie no , it 's not that way at all -- manny pull up to the curb . manny here we be , ' 21 's . ext . " 21 " - night 38 the " 21 " doorman open slade 's door , slade emerge follow by Charlie . slade ( to Charlie ) lighten up . when we get into dinner , I x11 tell you what to do . meanwhile , let go of it , for Christ 's sake ... int . " 21 " - night 39 the maitre d' lead slade and Charlie into the dining room . slade where be you take we ? maitre d' we have a nice table for you in we new East room . slade , he hand on Charlie 's arn , stop . the maitre dat , unaware , continue on . slade . ( to Charlie ) -- by the fireplace . Charlie head for the fireplace , there be a vacant table nearby , slade feel the chair , take a seat as if he own the place . slade ( contd ) this 'il do . the maitre do reappear . maitre d' * this table be reserve , sir . slade I appreciate you hold it for we . menus , please , and a double Jack Daniels on the rock . 44 . a cloakroom attendant hand the resign maitre do a all - purpose blazer . maitre d' ( to Charlie ) perhaps you will be more comfortable in this , sir . he help Charlie on with the jacket , the sleeve a bit long , the shoulder too tight . slade ( to Charlie ) you look great . the maitre do give slade and Charlie menus , tenderly fold down the collar on Charlie 's blazer , and head back to the front . slade ( contd ) ( to Charlie ) ' 21 , 's a table by the fireplace , and you get a brand new jacket -- kid , we be cooking . now read I the Bill of fare . Charlie open the menu as slade drink in the atmosphere . charlie ' 21 's Burger with fries -- twenty - four dollar -- slade where 's the booze , it 's flow like mud around here ? charlie twenty -four-dollar hamburger . what 's the story ? slade what story ? charlie . be you a rich miser or something ? slade I be just you average blind man . charlie yeah , average blind man . how be you go to pay for all of this ? slade . crisp , clean dollar -- american . I save up my disability check . charlie for the twenty - four-dollar burger or the chicken and mashed at twenty - nine ? and how much do you save ? first class on the plane , the waldorf - astoria Hotel -- slade it 's all part of a plan , Charlie . charlie well , could you let I in on it ? slade why do you give a shit ? you be take the last shuttle out of La guardia . slade suddenly jerk he wrist to he eye as if he be check a watch . slade ( contd ) oops , you get fifteen minute . I do not think you can make it . unless ' 21 's keep a complimentary helicopter on the roof . slade study he " watch " again . slade ( contd ) nope , you be stick here until tomorrow . charlie wait a minute , you say the last shuttle be 2200 hour . that 's 10 ofclock , right ? slade last I hear . charlie it 's only 8:30 . slade 's drink arrive , he take a swallow . slade I lie . it leave at 9 . charlie it leave at 9 ?! slade yes , it do . a moment , slade sense Charlie 's anger . slade ( contd ) the truth be , Charlie , I need a guide dog to help I execute my plan . 46 . charlie what plan ? slade smile . . slade you have a right to know . it 's not really a plan , Charlie . more like a tour . a little tour of pleasure . stay in a first - class hotel , eat a agreeable meal , drink a nice glass of wine , see my big brother -- there 's nothing like family , you know -- and then make love to a terrific woman . after that -- charlie yes ? slade I be go to lie down on my beautiful bed at the waldorf and blow my brain out . the waiter appear . waiter can I tell you we special ? slade by all mean . Charlie be stare at slade . waiter tonight we have charre venison with buckwheat spaetzle and Green peppercorn . grill veal paillarde with tomato tapenade and roasted eggplant -- slade 's head be pleasantly tilt at the waiter , but Charlie be rivete on slade , try to ascertain what he say . waiter ( contd ) and if you would like we Crepes souffle for dessert , it would be a good idea to order it now . slade yes on the souffle , give we half a minute on the rest . waiter very good , sir . slade that mean , alphonse , do not go too far . 47 . waiter ( indicate next table ) I /11 just pour some wine over here , sir . the waiter move away , slade turn to Charlie conspiratorially . slade I be lean towards the spaetzle . slade fall pleasantly silent , gaze around the room in he blind way , Charlie can not take he eye off he . charlie Colonel slade ? slade yes ? charlie do you say you be go to blow you brain out ? slade do I say that ? the waiter return from the adjacent table . waiter have you decide , sir ? i slade | ( to Charlie ) | go for the burger ? | ( to the waiter ) | give he the ' 21 's hamburger medium rare , and I 'il take the Chicken hash i on a waffle . also , save we some bread pudding . waiter yes sir , thank you . Charlie do not know which way to turn . he start to say one thing , end up say another . charlie ' Chicken hash on a waffle ? 's slade - twenty - four dollar . delicious . and only the insider know about the bread pudding . Big Ed always put away three helping . ! slade reach across the table , locate the bread tray . 40 48. slade ( contd ) try one of this roll . I use to dream of this roll when I be at Fort huachuca . the bread 's no good west of the Colorado . the water 's too alkaline . charlie Colonel slade , do I hear you right ? you say you be go to kill yourself ? slade no , I say I be go to blow my brain out . eat this roll , Charlie , I butter it for you . charlie I do not want a roll . slade okay , have a radish . where be we ? oh yes , the agenda . we be also go to need to buy you some clothes . be Rogers peet still around ? they cut a helluva mess jacket . slade grab a pass waiter . slade ( contd ) get I a double Jack Daniels on the rock . waiter yes sir , right away . Charlie make a gesture to the waiter with he thumb and forefinger , a " weak drink , " the waiter nod , hurry away . slade ( to Charlie ) please do not do that . directly behind slade , the maitre do seat a elegant , young couple . slade drink in the beautiful woman 's scent , intoxicate by she presence , as a very sober Charlie track he every move . slade ( contd ) what a marvelous place . int . waldorf suite - night 40 Charlie stand by as slade move tentatively around the room again , re-orienting himself with he cane , tapping object , then move on . he slap a couch , reach underneath the pillow , feel a handle . 41 49 . slade you billet 's here . in the morning , the area will be return to sit room mode no later than 0700 hour . Charlie salute , slade flinch . a ominous silence . slade ( contd ) what be that ? charlie nothing ! slade next time , snap it out , thumb to palm , index through little digit align smartly , sharp to the hairline and own ! slade let Charlie stew through another anxious silence . slade ( contd ) too many man far better than you have execute that courtesy and if you know what 's good for you , do not try it again ... Charlie hold himself very still . slade ( contd ) this bat 's get sharper radar than the nautilus . do not fuck with I , Charlie . slade lift he cane , tap he way into he bedroon . slade ( contd ) see that you get a good night 's sleep . slade close he door , Charlie stare at it for a moment . he sit down on the couch , he glance around the fancy hotel sit room ; damask drape , directoire chair , a fake french antique desk . a air of bewilderment in Charlie give way to resignation . he stand up , remove the cushion from the couch and pull out the bed . int . waldorf suite - next morning 41 Charlie awaken with a start . a room service cart rest along the wall . Charlie find slade stand on a footstool in front of a three - panele mirror . a female tailor , sofia , 24 , be fitting he with a pair of trousers . slade hear the rustle of Charlie 's cover as he arise . ___ slade good morning . ___ charlie good morning . sofia smile pull on he carefully . 50 . slade this be sofia , Charlie . descend from a long line of florentine pants maker , she be a magician with a needle . sofia 's work I up a little gabardine number and I have already pick you out a blazer and flannel . juice , coffee and assort goody on the trolley . why do not you get up and get yourself together . brightly at Charlie . he get up , in he underwear , pants , pour some coffee in a cup , survey slade charlie how be you feel today , Colonel ? slade Super ! you know sofia here 's work Thanksgiving because she be put herself through college . I tell she my friend , Charlie , here be also head for college . the word " college " jolt Charlie wide awake , he cross to slade 's bedroom . slade ( contd ) where be you go ? charlie to make a phone call . slade what 's wrong with this phone ? charlie I do not want to disturb you . slade you be not disturbing I . make you call . charlie I have like to be private ... slade stay out of my room , this be as private as you be go to get . Charlie reluctantly sit down at the desk , dial the operator . charlie ( phone ) vermont information , please . at the mirror , sofia be pin slade 's new trousers . he smile at she , she smile back . 51 . slade how I have love to fit you sometime . charlie ( phone ) I do not know exactly , it 's the sugarbush Lodge . slade sugar -- ( smile ) Bush . Charlie dial a number as sofia continue to work on slade . charlie ( phone ) George Willis , please . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) hello . charlie hi George , it 's Charlie . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) hey , how’re you do , why do not you call last night ? charlie I be sorry , I do not get a chance until -- GEORGE ( v.0 . ) ( interrupt ) you okay ? you sound funny . charlie no , I be fine . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) next year , you have get to come up with we . White powder on a base of snow bunny . Charlie do not answer . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) ( contd ) be you there ? charlie ~ yeah , I be here . you ask I to call you about the move -~ GEORGE ( v.0 . ) for now , the move be no move . status quo . everything 's the way we leave it . 52 . charlie how do we leave it ? after a moment . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) see no evil , hear no evil , you know what I mean , chas ? charlie yeah . see no evil , hear no evil . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ease out , everything 's go to be all right . you hear I ? charlie I hear you . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) okay , then . walk like you talk . the phone click off . charlie '' bye . Charlie stare at the phone . sofia be busy measure slade 's leg . slade 's head tilt towards Charlie . . slade what 's George 's last name ? charlie Willis . slade George Willis . that make he father George Willis , senior . Charlie , how do you think Big George be go to feel about Little George ' see no evil 's and ' hearing no evil 's ? charlie no one be tell they parent . we be keep it between we . slade oh , you think George be not go to talk to he father about this ? damn ~ decent of he . what do George 's father do ? charlie I do not know . 53. slade well , I x11 tell you . when George Willis , sr. be not busy as a million - dollar man for aetna Casualty or be it New England distributor for the Chrysler Corporation -- he concern himself with George Willis , Jr. that 's what he do . charlie George be not go to talk to he father . slade of course not . ( to sofia ) oops -- sofia * scusi , colonello . slade prego , I love it when you hurt I . ( whisper , to Charlie ) be she -- ? slade make a pump motion with he fist towards sofia . charlie ummm -- uhh -- slade okay , get it . where be I ? _ oh yeah , Big George do not get to be President of Massachusetts gear and electric for nothing . he will wind Little George up and Little George will sing like a canary . good- bye Harry , hello ivy League and if you be hip , kid , you 's 1l hop to , too . charlie I do not know what you be talk about . slade listen up , it do not take no National merit Scholarship to figure this one out . you have a little life , Charlie . so you come to baird to put yourself ~ in the market for a big one . if you want to stay in the run , you be go to have to tell they what they want to know . charlie you think so ? 54 . slade if you do not sing , Charlie , you will end up shelve biscuit ina convenience store in the Oregon ' burb . ( to sofia ) that 's enough , compari , now run something up for Charlie here pronto , we have get a date for Thanksgiving . a date ? ° have slade my brother 's place , w.r. slade , White Plains , New York . the Plains , of course , be neither white nor plain , nevertheless locate in fashionable Westchester County . charlie I can not go to you brother 's place . I should be get back to school . slade c’mon , Charlie , you have get to have Thanksgiving dinner somewhere . eat and treat . and I could use the company . this register on Charlie . charlie do he know I be come ? slade he do not know I be come . but wait till you see the look on he face when I walk through the door . slade beam . slade ( contd ) he adore I . slade step off the footstool , extend a open palm , Charlie fit slade 's cane into it . slade motion Charlie on to the footstool . slade ( contd ) there be two kind of people in this ~ world , Charlie . that who stand up and face the music . and that who run for cover . he tap he way towards he bedroom . slade ( contd ) cover be better . 55 . 42 int . limo - manhattan - day 42 manny drive , slade and Charlie seat in the back , they look great in they new clothes . slade pick up the intercom phone . slade ( into phone ) any progress on the ' action 's ? what ' action 's ? slade what ' action 's do you think I be talk about ? manny oh , that ' action 's . yes sir , yes sir , the action be progress . slade ( to Charlie ) what be you look at ? Charlie be startle by slade 's " antennae " . / charlie ' you shoe . slade you like this shoe ? charlie well -- slade you know how much this shoe cost ? charlie no -- slade eleven hundred dollar . lobb 's of London . six month . a shoe architect measure you foot , carve the last out of solid maple , then the ' clicker 's , he 's the hide man , cut eight piece of leather exactly to specification , a ' closer 's sew they , . sixteen stitches to the inch , the ' maker 's cut heel and sole , and finally the ' polisher 's , he give they that dull , expensive look . eleven hundred dollar , Charlie , and worth every penny of it . nineteen year , } this baby . 56 . Charlie , stare at the shoe , whistle . charlie they still seem brand new . slade I be leave they to you . charlie what do you mean ? slade you be about my size . next week when I be secure , drop by the house and pick they up . charlie what do you mean , ' secure 's ? slade Dead . tell Karen I say they be yours . charlie I do not like it when you kid around like this , Colonel . slade I could not be more serious . charlie then I be go to have to go back to school . slade good idea . manny honk , swerve past some pedestrian . charlie suicide , Colonel slade , be a crime . slade that 's you opinion and , of course , the conventional wisdom . look at the eskimos , you know the squaw , check right out when they get old . charlie who say ? slade squaw chew leather . chew the skin ' till they be soft enough to sew they into clothing with bone they have whittle down . when that lady 's tooth be too far go to soften leather , they take a walk . 43 57 . charlie ' take a walk ? 's slade out of the igloo . into the tundra . goom-bye . charlie I study eskimos in anthropology . that 's bullshit . a moment . slade yes , it be . but , Charlie , what should the old bag do when they can not pull they weight ? no one 's too eager to tear a herring with they anymore . slade be smile slyly . he cross and uncross he shoe . slade ( contd ) I always like a good pair of shoe . when you be make love to a beautiful woman , who 's look at you but you shoe ? Charlie turn away , stare out the window moodily . charlie ..- there 's a Ferrari dealer . slade pick up the phone . slade ( to manny ) pull over . int . ferrari dealership , park avenue - day 43 a salesman , fred bisco , look up from he desk , through the showroom window he see manny scurry around the limousine , hold the door for slade . Charlie lead slade across the sidewalk to the showroom , but the door be lock . Fred get up , go to the door , unlock it , hold it ajar . fred we be close . slade then what be you do here ? fred it 's Thanksgiving . I be just catch up on my paperwork while the wife take the kid to the parade . slade interested in sell a car or not ? 58. Fred look at manny stand at attention beside he shin : limo , observe the neat cut of slade 's suit and that of he companion 's , Charlie . . fred come in . he open the door wide , and Charlie lead slade inside , he be get practice " orient " he . slade stop in front of a gleam , red Ferrari , hook he cane over he elbow and feel the shape of the car with he finger . slade testarossa ... mondial ? fred testarossa . slade do they get the horse up to 350 ? fred 380 . slade ( to Charlie ) the d.o.t. would not let they bring it in , in ' 85 . slade open the door of the Ferrari , close it , open it again , salute some unseen figure , close it . fred ( a whisper , to Charlie ) could you watch the cane ? slade ( to Fred ) what 's you name ? fred fred. slade Fred what ? fred Fred bisco . slade Fred , never mind the cane , you be look at a live one here . Fred watch in horror as slade 's cane now come close to the glimmer finish of the testarossa , he start to reach out for slade but Charlie politely restrain Fred 's arm . slade move to another car , run he hand over it gently . 44 slade ( contd ) 348 ? fred you get it . slade ' t b’ or ' ts ’? feel like a ' ts '. fred on the money , sir . slade ( chuckle ) on the money be right . slade caress this car , touch the shape of the open roof , feel the leather - emboss wheel through the window , he be full of tender love for this machine . ~ slade ( contd ) G - 2 need a big testarossa for he little dick . I prefer the open air , the flow coed hair , of the ' ts '. ( to Fred ) where be this locate now , one hundred and a quarter ? fred for you sir , a hundred thirteen eight . slade be that list ? fred yes , sir . slade then why be it for I ? Fred can not answer . slade ( contd ) it 's you list , not mine . shame on you , freddie bisco . slade reach for Charlie 's arm , they turn to walk out . slade ( contd ) ( to Fred ) I / 1l compare price with you colleague in Jersey and Connecticut and who know -- we could be back . ext . house , white plain , westchester county - day 44 the limo pull up to a upscale house in a development , fieldstone ground floor with white frame second storey . manny hurry around to the rear door , hold it open , help slade out . 60 . Charlie step out behind slade , take he arm , lead he up to the house . manny settles back into the limousine as Charlie ring the bell . curtain part at a window . at the window be randy , early 30s , slade 's nephew , he look out with pain surprise , the curtain gyose . Randy open the door , he survey slade , Charlie prop im up . randy yes ? slade who 's that ? randy Randy . slade ' Randy . 's you new ? Randy look from Charlie to slade and back again . randy I be you nephew . slade oh yes , Randy . here we be . you sister 's be hoard I long enough . time to spread the rich around . Randy call into the house : randy dad -- but before Randy get a response , gail , 27 , he attractive wife , appear . gail uncle Frank ! slade ( to gail ) gloria -- gail gail -- slade of course . say hello to the potluck * party from New York . you uncle Frank and this be Charlie simm , star halfback on the baird School football team . they not only beat Exeter and groton , aquinas High School , too . ( more ) 45 61 . slade ( contd ) ( to Randy ) where 's you miserable father , no , let 's surprise he . see if we can give that fat heart of he a attack . ( call out ) Willie ! int . w.r. slade 's house - day 45 in the live room , two man be watch the NFL game on television , w.r. , mid - 50 's , a messy overweight sort in a rumple 3 - piece suit , with he he young son , garry , 25 . w.r . do you hear what I hear ? garry I hear it . w.r. head for the front door , gretchen , w.r. 's wife emerge from the kitchen , garry get up and join they , the family be now gather at the front door in stricken wonderment . w.r. ( a deathly whisper ) hello , Frank . slade Willie , there you be ! Home for Thanksgiving for a change . Charlie , meet w.r. slade , the original bulg briefcase man . go from lading clerk on the lackawanna railroad to bankruptcy referee in 12 easy jump . God break ’em and Willie bust ‘em . gretch ! I smell that prune ! be we talk Turkey marbella ?! he open he arm in the direction of the kitchen , fall into gretchen , nuzzle she . slade ( contd ) give we a whiff , you know I have always have a sneaker for you . in the confusion w.r. , bett -re , turn to Charlie . w.r . who be you ? . charlie I be just here at the waldorf - astoria Hotel with -- be it you brother ? slade , who have have gretchen back against the wall , release she with mock romantic reluctance . 62. slade garry , where 's my drink , it 's flow like mud around here ? he take a swallow from he flask . w.r. ( to Charlie ) yes , he 's my brother . who the hell be you ? charlie I be kind of he companion for a few day -- umm -- to tell you the truth , the Colonel be not well . w.r . ' not well ?!’ charlie he seem kind of lonely . w.r . why do not you take he to you family 's for dinner ? slade start poke he way towards the live room , the family parting at the wave of he cane . slade ( to w.r. ) I mean to pick up some vino on the way up , but I blow it . i’1l send you the rothschild again for Christmas -- but let 's see how Thanksgiving go . gretchen open the dining room door . gretchen ' dinner be serve 's . Randy press a drink in slade 's hand . randy here you be , Frank . slade still with domino sugar ? randy Jack frost . why do you always get it - wrong ? slade because it 's not important to I to get it right . what be you now ? randy | vice - President for Marketing . 46 slade sniff slade 's cane 63. slade congratulation . sugar 's shit . I tell General abram to install honey in the commissary . if the k - 50 's do not blow you brain out , the sugar would . Randy , may I tell you you boss kill more man than the gook ? ( sniff ) the olive be heating up , you know I be come do not you , gretch ? ( to Charlie ) she stuff the bird with olive and prune , stays up all night to cook it for I . gail could we sit down ? gail . slade mitsouki . ( sniff she again , to Randy ) rhyme with nookie . watch out . when the wife get restless , the wife get racy . w.r. let 's eat ! randy ( to slade ) where do you want to sit , Frank , or be you go to arrange yourself at the head again ? slade oh , any old card table will do . hit the head of the table . slade ( contd ) this be fine . he sit himself down . slade ( contd ) Charlie ! next to I ! int . dine room - later ~ night . 46 empty dish , half - fill coffee cup , everybody in a stultify glaze as slade hold forth . 64 . slade ..- so what be I go to do , I have get this asian flower on the one hand , and this navy nurse - on the other , we be three across the bed , not a stitch of clothes on and it come to I . let East meet West and we 'il build the Golden Bridge . gail look as if she be about to throw up . slade ( contd ) I feel like I have just join the Corps of Engineers . slade howl , he head dart about look for approval , there be none forthcoming . ' the only affect be Charlie die of embarrassment . randy do you always enjoy shocking people , uncle Frank ? gail ( caution ) honey -- randy dad , remember the day you persuade Frank to go to the kennel ? slade ( to Randy ) what about it ? randy ( chuckle ) he almost put the see eye dog business out of business . w.r. Randy , cool it . he glance at slade . w.r. ( contd ) ( to Randy ) Water over the dam , son . garry yes , over and do with . slade indeed it be , garry . and so be dinner . what time be it , we have get to be get back ? 65 . randy ever give any think to a braille watch , Frank ? stevie wonder wear one er do you rank on he , too ? gail honey , please -- slade that 's all right , gloria , I enjoy Randy 's observation . I have always find he a very amusing guy . randy my wife 's name be gail . slade Excuse I . gail -- strike I as a very beautiful young woman but there 's a little tension in she voice . that can mean one of two thing -- gail be either nervous or unsatisfy . randy what 's you point , uncle Frank ? slade you ought to go down on she . w.r. jee-zus. slade ( to Randy ) you have get so wrap up with the sugar business , you have forget the taste of honey . gail Frank , for god 's sake ! slade ( to gail ) Grace , I have always be crazy about you . randy ( to slade ) why do not you get out of here ? take that limousine down to the bowery . get with the other lush where you belong . charlie hey , wait a minute -- randy . what for , chuckie , you think he 's special because he 's blind ? 66 . slade my friend 's name be Charles . charlie ( to Randy ) yes , he 's special and he 's blind . randy another sucker who think this shitheel be a war hero . w.r. Randy , that 's enough -- randy ( to Charlie ) he blow himself up . gretchen stop it , Randy . randy we Colonel here have this grenade - juggling act at Fort bragg -- slade Fort ben . randy he be teach hand - to-hand combat to second lieutenant at the infantry School -- slade look at I , Randy , when you be talk to I . randy his partner in the act be some Captain -- slade Major Vincent squire . randy whoever he be , before go on , they have have themselves a lo-cal breakfast . screwdriver for Frank , bloody Mary for he partner . slade . vinnie drank Sea breeze . randy the judge - advocate at ben say Colonel slade have four to he partner 's one . ( more ) 67 . randy ( contd ) he be really fly at class , he get excited and start pull the pin . one grenade get away from he . the pin be in , he claim . in or out , what 's the difference , what kind of showboat lunatic juggle grenade ? slade vinnie come out okay -- randy and all Frank lose be he eyesight . ( to Charlie ) well , he be a asshole before . now all he be , be a blind asshole . but nothing could make I happier . some people do not deserve to see . you get the picture , chuckie ? suddenly slade be up , jam Randy against the wall , he wrap he arm terrifyingly around Randy 's neck . slade his name be Charles . you can say that , can not you ? ' Charles 's . Randy be choke , gail and gretchen scream , w.r. and garry tear at slade but he be too powerful for they . slade ( contd ) you know what this be , Randy ? it 's a chokehold , they teach it to you at Ranger School . a little pressure and I bust you windpipe . now -- ' Charles 's . after I -- ' Charles 's . Randy , against the wall , have go blue . suddenly , between the two combatant , Charlie shove he way through . slade sense hin . charlie c'mon , Colonel , c’mon =~ unconsciously , slade ease up . gretchen and gail be freeze at the kitchen door , garry blink emptily and w.r. do not know which way to turn . slade remove a pristine napkin which he have tuck under he chin for dinner , dot both corner of he mouth . slade gretchen , you outdid yourself . he release the napkin , it drop on the floor in_a damask crumple , slade reach out for Charlie , and Charlie be there in a instant . 47 48 68. slade ( contd ) ( to gretchen ) if you twist my arm hard enough , and we be talk Turkey marbella next year , who know ...? a terrible silence . slade find a wine glass on the table , any glass , he start to raise it to he lip . w.r. Frank ? a moment . slade good-bye . slade extend he hand , w.r. look at it , shake it . slade ( contd ) Willie , I be no fuck good and I never have be . slade raise he wine in a toast . slade ( contd ) here 's look at you . he tap the glass against he glass eye . ping ! he polish off the wine . Charlie lead slade out now , leave w.r. and he bewilder family behind . ext . w.r. 's house - white plain - night 47 slade come down the path towards the limo with Charlie . manny jump out , open the passenger door . slade nueva York , compadre . vamo . slade and Charlie get in , manny close the door , climb behind the wheel and drive they away . int . waldorf suite - night 48 Charlie , toothbrush in hand , wander into slade 's bedroom . slade , he face wreathe in a lascivious smile , be propped up on he pillow listen to the television where two big-breasted woman cavort topless on a water bed . slade wear a patch , beside he on a bedside table , a glass eye rest in a liquid solution . Charlie notice it , the iris , color a deep blue , stare up intensely at he . tv announcer ( v.o. ) ..- a little taste of Cindy and mindy , the most delightful duet in town . they will turn that dream into a reality . we operator be wait by the phone -- 69 . slade what be they do now ? charlie Colonel , you know what they be do . slade I be blind , you little prick ! what 's happen ?! charlie it 's a sleaze show -- slade ' sleaze ?!’ ' sleaze ?!’ Cindy and mindy be the meryl streep of the New Age . charlie okay , okay -- slade you be a employee , simm . keep you opinion to yourself . slade sip from he flask , shake a pill out of a bottle . charlie what be you do , take pill with liquor ?! Charlie snatch the bottle of pill away from slade , try to read the label . charlie ( contd ) squinting ) what be this ? slade my german downer . give ‘em back here . charlie Colonel slade -- slade give ' em back ! Charlie hand he the pill . slade ( contd ) pull duty with NATO , you eat and drink like a king , then they send you to a spa to sweat it out . he wash the pill down with whiskey , cap the bottle lovingly . 70 . slade ( contd ) bade - bade . every night they award you one of this little greeny and you sleep like a gnome in the Black Forest . he shake the bottle of pill , enjoy the SOUND . __slade ( contd ) they be still green , be not they ? Charlie get up and head for he room . slade ( contd ) hey , runt ! Charlie turn around . slade ( contd ) where be you go ? charlie back to bed . slade smile enigmatically , Charlie stare anxiously at he , but slade 's eye be blink close peacefully . Charlie move out to the sit room now , try to fix up he muss - up bed , but he can not get comfortable . he lie there in the darkness . a thud . Charlie jump up , run into slade 's room , slade have fall out of bed , be lie face - down beside it . on the night table the bottle of german sleep pill , now empty , lie on its side . charlie Colonel ! Colonel ! he shake he desperately . charlie ( contd ) for God 's sake , wake up ! slade lie still , he jaw slack , Charlie lunge for the telephone but keep slade in view , slade 's one eye open and Charlie blink into the shine , sea-blue iris . suddenly slade 's face light up , break into a smile , he start laugh , feel under the skirt of the bedside table , pull out a little vase into which he have pour the pill , now spill they back in the bottle . slade - you be easy -- Charlie hang up the phone . charlie that 's not funny . 49 71 . slade Charlie , my boy , you get no sense of humor . slade lean back in bed , press a button on the tv remote , another access channel come on , the host be interview a transsexual . . charlie it 's time you go to sleep , Colonel -- slade at ease , son . Charlie watch slade " watch " television . he reach for the light switch , gently turn it off . charlie ( softly ) good night . slade shush , this be fascinating . int . waldorf suite - next morning 49 Charlie wake up , hear a clicking sound from the direction of slade 's room . click - click , the sound repeat itself , then repeat itself again , it be unearthly in the dark of the morning , like some creature from another planet . Charlie get up , open the door between the room , the light from he room barely illuminate slade who be sit in a wing chair , a side table pull up in front of he . the extra blanket from he bed be fold in half over the table . slade you get a watch ? Charlie look at the clock besides slade 's bed . charlie it 's 7:19 . slade I do not ask the time , I want to know whether you get a watch ? charlie * yes . in my roon . slade get it . Charlie hesitates , another click . 72 . lie there 's a clock right beside you bed , Colonel -- slade do it have a second hand ? charlie yes -- slade time I . Charlie switch on the light , slade be hold a .45 in he hand . slade signal Charlie to start timing he , in what seem like a instant slade have dismantle the gun , every part come out and be laid in perfect position on the blanket in front of he , just as quickly he reassemble it , cock it , dry-fire . slade ( contd ) how long ? Charlie hesitates , decide to go along . charlie ( check slade 's bedside clock ) 49 second . slade I ' be rusty . he start to take the pistol apart again , slowly , feel the part , take a lot of pleasure in the process . charlie where have you get the gun , Colonel ? slade piece or weapon , Charlie , never a gun . charlie where have you get the piece ? slade I be a officer in the United States Army , this be my sidearm . charlie you be not a officer anymore -~ slade so I be retire , so what ? a officer never relinquish he .45 . charlie you better relinquish it to_me or I be go to have to call Mrs. Rossi . 73. slade good idea . charlie and then I be go back to school . slade Blue sky , green light , I hope you have a wonderful trip . click , click , slade have reassemble the pistol in rapid time . slade ( contd ) that feel like 45 second . you should be able to do a .45 in 45 . do you time I ? charlie no , I do not . and I be call albany . he search in he pathetic wallet , find Karen 's slip of paper , carefully unfold it when suddenly slade , quick as a cat , have snatch it out of he hand , ball up the piece of paper and swallow it . Charlie regards he , slade 's Adam 's apple still bob . charlie ( contd ) that be stupid . slade you be stick with I . charlie no , I be not , I be out of here . slade how ? all the way to New Hampshire on no money ? ever hitchhike on the West side highway ? you will end up hog-ty in a dumpster in hackensack . charlie you do not scare I . slade you scare I , Charlie . ( sing ) ' Charlie , my boy oh , Charlie , my boy you thrill I , you chill I with shiver of joy ... 's SNAP , slade have take apart the .45 again , he finger be like a watchmaker 's with the gun . 74 . slade ( contd ) ( rub he stomach ) Karen 's number taste like albany . ( tilt he head ) I be head for Arlington , Charlie . I get my plot all pick out , section 46 , next to audie Murphy 's . they may give you a hard time because the unknown soldier area be high - rent , but be firm , tell they I qualify on every count -- 100 % disability , Silver Star , 20 - year man , active duty , authentic purple heart . click - click , slade have reassemble the pistol , Charlie reach for it , slade extend the pistol at arm 's length , out of Charlie 's grasp . slade ( contd ) if they give you a hard time on section 46 , ask for a space near Joe Louis 's or abner doubleday 's . I always like baseball . charlie give I the gun , Colonel . slade a officer never give up he sidearm , I tell you . charlie in that case , I be leave . Charlie take a step towards he room . slade Charlie ! Charlie stop . slade ( contd ) ( carefully ) all I want from you be another day . - silence . charlie for what ? slade throw up he hand spontaneously . slade one last tour of the battlefield . I can get around in a big city like New York but now and then , I need a point in the right direction . what 's a day between friend ? a moment . he tilt he 75 . charlie say I stay for another day , will you give I you weapon ? slade I be a Lieutenant - Colonel in the United States Army and I be not give my fuck gun to anybody . what be you drink ? flask , take a huge swallow . charlie Colonel , this be unacceptable . slade ' unacceptable ?!’ do not give I any of that prep school crap . have they already take the Oregon out of the boy and turn it into Harvard Business School ? slade cackle . charlie okay , give I the bullet . slade my ammo ? charlie you want to be next to Joe Louis or not ? slade you do see the sense of it , Charlie , do not you ? I can not chew the leather anymore . so why should I share in the tribe 's provision ? charlie ( firmly ) the bullet , Colonel . slade ' the bullet , Colonel . 's you sound like a guy in ' live of a Bengal lancer . 's next thing you will be ask for my blindfold and cigarette . click , click , slade remove the magazine , flip it to Charlie , he catch it . slade ( contd ) what do you give a shit for ? slade stand 76 . charlie about what ? lade about whether I blow my brain out or not . charlie because I have a conscience . slade oh yes , I forget . the ' Charlie 's conscience . do we tell or do we not tell ? do we follow the rich boy 's code or not ? do we let the blind asshole check out ? when be you bear , Charlie , at the round table ? have not you hear , conscience be dead ? charlie no , I have not hear . slade then take the wax out of you ear and grow up ! fuck you buddy , cheat on you wife , call you mother on mother 's Day . it 's all shit . up . charlie where be you go ? slade to take a leak . I know I say only a day , but even I can not hold it that long . the phone ring , Charlie answer it . charlie hello. ( to slade ) it 's for you -- manny ... slade do not respond . charlie ( contd ) ... the limo driver . slade take the phone . slade Colonel slade ...yes , manny ... fifth Avenue ?..- really ?... all right , give she my name , tell she she ’1ll be hearing from I ... no , no special need ... you do good , hombre . 50 77 . he hang up . slade ( contd ) get dress -- the battlefield await . slade turn towards the bathroom . slade ( contd ) and Charlie ... you forget the one in the chamber . slade instantly cock and uncock the pistol , expel the bullet , which tumble in a harmless arc , landing at Charlie 's foot . slade spin he .45 cowboy-style , drop it into he bathrobe pocket and disappear into the bathroon . int . waldorf - astoria barber shop - day 50 a manicurist work on slade 's fingernails , a bootblack do he shoe while a barber give he a shave . Charlie pace in the narrow alley behind the ornate chair . slade ... no haircut , Charlie ? take a shave . let this old pro loose on you peach fuzz , you will feel like a new man . charlie no shave , thanks . slade ( to barber ) I be try to get he laid . the bootblack finish slade 's shine with a flourish . slade ( to bootblack ) thank you , sir . bootblack this be good shoe . slade ( to Charlie ) you hear that ? ( to bootblack ) twenty - six year in the service , I never let a aide shine my shoe . he sense Charlie pace behind hin . : slade ( contd ) where will you be in twenty - six year , Charlie ? play golf , 1/11 bet , with that friend of yours from the baird School . '' 51 78. charlie I do not even like that guy . slade of course you do not . they be asshole . '' it ’1ll be a pleasure to squeal . charlie I be not a squealer . slade what be this , the dreyfus case ? refresh my memory . you and , what 's the other guy 's name again -~ ? charlie George Willis . slade you and George Willis see who do what ? charlie Harry havemeyer and two of he buddy pour concrete into Dean trask 's jaguar . slade good grief ! vanden plas or a j6 ? a nonpluss Charlie do not answer . slade ( contd ) never mind , be you worried that Harry havemeyer 's go to get the boot ? not with a name like that . slade , whose shave be finish , stand up , wipe he face clean . with the barber sheet . a moody silence surround Charlie . for slade ( contd ) I be get that heavy feel again , Charlie . ext . fifth avenue - afternoon 51 slade stride along , he hand rest on Charlie 's arm . charlie ... I be offer a bribe . ~ slade now we be cooking . charlie Dean trask say he would see to it that I get into Harvard -- 52 79 . slade if you squeal ? charlie yes . slade what a dilemma . should Charlie simm accept a free ride into Harvard or not ? what do you think you friend George would do if he be in you shoe ? charlie he be , practically . except the Dean have not promise to get he into Harvard . slade he do not have to . George 's father will take care of that . ( a moment ) do the deal , Charlie . take it . go to Harvard . charlie I can not do that . slade stop . slade why not ? charlie there be some thing you can not do . slade Charlie , my boy , you be go to have a hard time in this world . ( a moment ) to soften the blow , let I buy you a drink . int . grand foyer , fifth avenue HOTEL - afternoon 52 . the lush atmosphere of a ornate public room , tea table and gilt chair , palm frond and ficus tree surround a dance floor . the chatter of a sophisticated New York crowd mingle with the music of a elegant trio . a waiter be take slade 's order for drink . * slade double Jack Daniels on the rock . bring the young man a shirley Temple . charlie not so fast . ( to waiter ) you get beer ? 80 . waiter yes . can I see some i.d .? slade raise he cane to the waiter . slade interested in walk the rest of you life , chappie ? waiter Sir , I -- slade I be a regular here . my boy 's go on twenty - three . speak to Mr. Gilbert in the front office , he 's a friend of mine . the waiter weigh the situation . waiter ( to Charlie ) any particular beer ? slade schlitz . no schlitz , blatz . the waiter go , slade punch Charlie on the shoulder . . slade ( contd ) you be human . ( peer around ) who be we drink with ? I be get a nice , soap - and - water feel next to we . charlie female . slade ' female ! 's hey ! ( cackle ) if you be call she ' female , 's you must like she or you would not be play it so casual . chestnut hair ? charlie Brown . slade , 22 ? ~ charlie what be I , a guy at a carnival ? slade drill Charlie with he blind stare . 81 . slade the day we stop look , Charlie , be the day we be dead . ( after a moment ) move . where ? charlie ere ? slade you know where . slade get up , chuckle excitedly . slade ( contd ) Charlie , this girl be make for you . god-dam beautiful , be not she ? charlie not bad . slade bingo ! the boy 's alive . in fact , donna , the young woman at the adjacent table , be a knockout . slade ( contd ) ( nudging Charlie ) c'mon , son , perambulate , perambulate ! Charlie , embarrassed , get up and steer slade towards donna . hiding behind slade , Charlie do a weird balance act between be present and not be present . slade ( contd ) ( to donna ) Excuse I , senorita , could we join you ? donna take in this pair , the stun , blind , middle - age man and he young , awkward companion . donna ( pleasantly ) well , I be expect somebody . slade he 's here ? donna . no , but any minute -- slade okay , ' any minute . 's what be you do right now ? donna ( smile ) I be wait for he . slade so you do not mind if we wait with you ? donna smile again . donna no . slade have already pull up a chair . he sit down , Charlie join he as slade lean into donna . slade you smell like a bar of ogilvie sister soap . a moment . donna that 's amazing . slade good , I be in the amazing business . donna it be ogilvie sister soap . ( to Charlie ) granny give I three bar for Christmas . slade I be crazy about you grandmother . and I think she would have like Charlie , too . charlie ( to donna ) do not pay any attention to he . slade what 's you name ? donna donna . slade hi donna , I be Frank and ... donna that 's Charlie . slade ( to Charlie ) she like you . donna laugh , she be look right at Charlie now . 82. 83. slade ( contd ) ( seductively ) what 's that music ? donna samba . or be it a tango ? donna 's shoulder sway gently . slade yes , it 's a tango . you tango , donna ? donna I love to . but -- slade but what ? donna Michael do not . slade ' Michael , 's who you be wait for . donna Michael think the tango 's hysterical . slade tell Michael I think he 's hysterical . charlie ( to donna ) do not pay any attention to he . or do I say that already ? donna giggle . slade you know the name of this tango ? donna tangos have name ? slade of course , this one 's call La punalada . slade 's Spanish be perfect . slade ( contd ) ~ you know what that mean ? donna no -- slade ' the stab . 's donna risk another look at Charlie . 84 . : slade ( contd ) would you like to dance ? donna check with Charlie , he give a reassure nod and , in this moment , endear himself to donna completely . slade and donna rise . slade ( contd ) ( to donna ) you arm ? slade take donna 's arn . slade ( contd ) I need some coordinate here , Charlie . Charlie lean into slade . charlie you be look at about forty by twenty . you / be face the long end . halfway down on the leave there 's a palm plant stick out , on the right side 's the band -- slade put up he hand to tacit Charlie , hand he he cane . he move out to the dance floor with donna , she raise she arm , he take hold of they , and in a instant they be into a tango . slade be a marvelous dancer , he move in perfect consonance with the music , at first it be all donna can do to keep up with he put he lead so brilliantly , after a while she become a perfect partner . the little trio be into the number now , the dance floor clear for slade and donna , the tempo speed up , rivulet of sweat run down donna 's cheek but the Colonel remain cool and precise and in command . as donna dance , she eye keep meeting Charlie 's eye when suddenly , with a great glissando , the tango end and the trio take a brief break but first they , and the customer at the table , applaud . donna lead slade back to Charlie . donna Frank , you be one incredible dancer . slade wait ' till you see Charlie . charlie he 's a liar , I do not dance . slade ( to donna ) be not he a charmer ? Truth be , not only can he dance , he can sing you a helluva tune . donna La punalada . 85 . slade the stab . silence , Charlie look from slade to donna and back again . michael , a attractive young man , approach , he carry a attache case . michael hi , honey . donna hey ! they embrace . donna ( contd ) this be Frank and this be Charlie . michael hi Frank , hi Charlie . ( to donna ) sorry I be late -- donna that 's okay , this two guy entertained I . I get to tell you , the time fly . slade ( to Michael ) you girl do a helluva tango . michael ( to donna ) at last . you find someone to tango with . ( smile , to Charlie ) let I shake you hand . he pump Charlie 's hand . donna no , no , it be Frank -- michael what the hell , I x11 shake both you hand . Michael pump slade 's ' and Charlie 's hand . michael ( contd ) honey , this look like ' the place , 's but we get a date with darryl and Carol in the village . donna okay , okay -~ 53 86 . Michael reach in he pocket to pay the check , he change jingle . slade take you hand out of you pocket , Michael , I / x11 get this . michael why thank you . donna kiss Frank , and now she kiss Charlie . then suddenly she hurry away . michael ( contd ) ' bye , guy . and donna and Michael be go . Charlie watch they disappear as slade stare in the direction where Michael last stand . slade ( emptily ) ' darryl and Carol . 's int . p.j. clarke 's , third avenue - night : 53 slade and Charlie be perch at the bar , drink , and eat cheeseburger . they be like the eye of a storm in a excited holiday crowd , junior executive , male and female size each other up , some already couple . slade soap , for Christ 's sake ! twenty - two year old and she smell of soap and water ! God , that 's a once ina lifetime thing and what happen ? you blow it ! charlie blew what ? slade that girl be crazy about you . charlie I ? she be get ready to have kitten with you on the dance floor . slade that 's the point . she be come on to I but it be you who she want . x it 's the oldest trick in the world . charlie I think you be wrong . it be you that she like . and you know she like you , you just do not want to admit it . 87 . slade watch it , I / x11 do the mind -fuck around here . charlie we should have all go to dinner . then you and donna could have snuck off and dance the night away . slade and then what ? charlie you tell I . slade summon the bartender . slade triple Jack Daniels , and another beer for the professor . charlie I have move up to ' professor 's . slade that 's for the cretin behind the bar . I do not want he worry about the beverage Commission . ( a final bite ) this be my last cheeseburger . charlie that bad , huh ? slade smile at Charlie 's attempt at a joke . slade I feel like eat it all over again . charlie let 's get you one , 1/11 spring for it . slade thanks , Charlie , I be full . but I be empty , if you know what I mean . the bartender serve up the new round of drink . slade ( contd ) ( to Charlie ) ever hear that song of Frank Sinatra 's , ' my Way ? 's Charlie nod , sing a little bit of it . slade ( contd ) I hate that song . Charlie smile . 88 . slade ( contd ) I do it my way but my way 's no fuck good . ( a moment ) you will not make the same mistake I do , will you ? charlie I do not know , I do not have a way yet . slade oh yes , you do . you be a giver , Charlie . a helper . a reacher-out . very valuable -- charlie you think so ? slade great with woman . they love that stuff . if I have understand woman , I could have rule the world . charlie donna sure go for you . slade maybe . the truth be , Charlie , with woman I do not wear well . but that 's nothing against woman . Men feel the same way . . charlie I think you be be hard on yourself . slade be not it about time ? charlie everybody 's get problem . it 's how you work they out . you be a marvelous man and you get a lot to offer -- slade do not blow smoke up my ass , you will ruin my autopsy . charlie you reason for kill yourself be invalid , Colonel . I have love to ' tear a herring 's with you and I / 1l bet there 's plenty other stand in line behind I -- if you have only give we a chance . slade stare at Charlie . 89 . slade I get a phone , Charlie . in the last two month I receive one call . they be try to sell I the Boston Globe . I decide against it . but TI enjoy talk to then . Charlie regards slade , slade sense he , reach out , rumple Charlie 's hair a little too roughly . slade ( contd ) the head be slightly underdeveloped . Oregon out of the Boy scout by Mom 's Apple pie . slade 's hand fall to Charlie 's chest . slade ( contd ) but you know something , Charlie my boy , in part you heart be good . play it smart . give a little now and then so you can get what you want . charlie sell out ? slade in installment . to the high bidder . Charlie switch drink with slade , swap he beer for slade 's shot of Jack Daniels . take a sip , wince . charlie you do not believe a word of that . slade smile . slade no . charlie all that stuff about squealing and run for cover and do the deal -- that be all bullshit , be not it ? slade yes . Charlie drain the Jack Daniels , exhales at the strength of the drink . slade , for the moment , have fall silent . slade ( contd ) I use to come here with Big Ed for brandy after ' 21 's . we have sit in the pack over there -~ Charlie look around , plug into the charge atmosphere of pair - off singles . 54 90 . slade ( contd ) we never go home alone . thing be different then , Charlie . after a sudden and deep silence , slade turn to a woman on he eft . > slade ( contd ) dance ? the woman , frighten , swivel away . slade ( contd ) no ? slade sit for a moment , then step off he barstool , drift towards a dark , empty area next to the jukebox , and dance alone . he move like a sylph and Charlie , for the instant , give himself up to slade , enjoy it . suddenly , slade call to Charlie . slade ( contd ) get a hold of manny . tell he ' now '. slade be stare blindly but intently at Charlie and it be not until Charlie cross to a pay phone , that he resume dance . ext . / int . limo , STREET - night 54 slade and Charlie be seat in the back of the limo , it be park in the east 60 's just off 5th Avenue , manny at the wheel , the light out . Charlie be peer through the limo window at a brownstone down the street . | . charlie I have say it 's about twenty step -- slade Yards . always give it to I in yard , Charlie . charlie about fifteen yard , and there 's stair -- slade a stoop . how many ? charlie '' one , two , three ... look like nine . slade nine step up . railing ? charlie no railing . 91 . slade Bell ? charlie there 's a shiny , brass plate on the right , about shoulder high . slade how do you know it 's not the mailbox ? charlie this mailbox have get a ivory button in the middle . slade good work . slade lean towards Charlie . slade ( contd ) how 's my part ? Charlie check slade 's hair . charlie straight as a arrow . slade fluff up he pocket handkerchief . slade I get the red foulard okay , do not I ? charlie Real dark red -- slade burgundy ! burgundy , Charlie ! they love it . slade take a deep breath , exhales , sniff . slade ( contd ) ( to himself ) Bay run. ( adjust he tie ) Windsor knot . he swing open the door of the car and step out . as he straighten himself up on the street , he turn back once towards Charlie , throw he a happy , mini-salute , walk on down towards the brownstone . manny and Charlie be tracking slade as he - move unerringly to the bottom of the brownstone 's step , climb they , ring the bell , a black woman in a formal may 's uniform admit he , close the burnish wood door . a awkward silence . manny you know , Charlie ... 92 . charlie yeah ? manny normally , I do not do no whore and pimping around for the customer . charlie I be sure you do not , manny . ( after a moment ) this you first time ? manny well ... another moment . manny ( contd ) maybe when I first purchase the car , I have this big balloon payment . but the Colonel , you know , Charlie -- charlie what about he ? manny the Colonel be a gentleman . charlie a gentleman ? manny class . Charlie weigh manny 's sincerity , regards the burnish wood door down the street . he reach for the car phone . charlie can you get long distance on this ? manny and how . be my guest . Charlie unfold a piece of hotel memo paper from he wallet , dial . charlie George Willis , please . hello ? harry ( v.0 . ) ello ? charlie Harry ? harry ( v.0 . ) chas . you just catch we . we be chauffeur George to the airport . charlie what 's he go to th e@ airport for ? harry ( v.0 . ) hold on , why do not you talk to the man himself ? Charlie wait . chas ... charlie hi , George . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) GEORGE ( v.0 . ) you just catch I . charlie : that 's what Harry say . where be you go ? GEORGE ( v.o. ) Home . charlie to Boston ? GEORGE ( v.0 . ) catch the puddle - jumper . keep you finger cross . charlie why be you go home ? GEORGE ( v.o. ) I be think , chas , this asshole trask be make no sense at all . somebody 's get to talk to he . my father 's class of ' 59 charlie you father ? I think we be go to keep we parent out of this . GEORGE ( v.0o . ) this guy trask 's out of control . dad will bring he to he a major fundraiser , y charlie no , I do not . sense . he 's ou know . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) relax , he will get we off the hook , hey -- what time be it ? charlie a quarter to ten . 93. 55 56 94 . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) whoa , I gotta go . everything all right ? charlie sure . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) see you Monday . ' bye . Charlie hang up , slump in the seat , stare at the phone . ext. / int . limo , STREET - night - later " 55 through the window of the car , manny can be see sound asleep , he hat tilt over he eye . : the door to the brownstone open and slade emerge , count down the step , make a leave turn up the street to the limo . Charlie swing the car door open and slade slide inside . he seem completely at peace . after a long silence : slade what a beautiful woman . manny , awake now , smile at Charlie in the rearview mirror . Charlie nod , manny start up the car , slade sink into the backseat , all afterglow and dreamy wondrousness as they drive away . int . waldorf suite - next afternoon 56 Charlie be watch television , Sally jessy raphael interview a couple . he check he watch , open the door to slade 's room . slade be fast asleep . Charlie edge towards he , touch a shoulder , a eye open . charlie you okay ? slade nod drowsily , but the eye close . Charlie shake he awake . : charlie ( contd ) wake up , Colonel . the eye open again . slade shake he head irritably . slade - what be it ? charlie . it 's afternoon , you have be sleep all day . slade so what ? 95 . charlie I talk to George last night . his father 's a big -deal alumnus , he 's get a lot of clout . no response . charlie ( contd ) he 's go to talk to the Dean . George think he father might be able to get we off the hook . slade that 's what he say ? charlie yeah . slade watch the ' we 's part . slade turn over , away from Charlie . Charlie regards hin . charlie hey , Colonel , do not you want to get out and do something ? slade do what ? charlie ... see the statue of Liberty , visit the Empire State Building -- do something . slade 's one eye close again , he head slump back into the pillow . Charlie walk around to the other side of the bed , rock he , the eye open . slade what do you want , Charlie ? charlie I do not know , you be make I nervous . slade you have get last - day-of - combat jitter . you tour of duty be almost over . slade 's eye stare into the middle distance . slade ( contd ) my money belt 's under the mattress . take out you plane ticket and four hundred dollar . mustering - out pay plus airport - to-school taxi . 96 . charlie hey , no rush , Colonel , I can stay a while -- slade Charlie , you already give I a day and for that I ’1l1 be eternally grateful . right now , I have other plan . a moment . charlie ( carefully ) what other plan have you get ? slade to die . charlie oh no , Colonel , you be not go to die today . slade much as I value you opinion , that be not you decision . go away now and let I sleep . Charlie squat by the bed , speak quietly into slade 's ear . charlie let 's start over , Colonel . what do you feel like do today ? no response . charlie ( contd ) look at this . the sun be shine , it 's a beautiful day . silence . charlie ( contd ) we do not want to sit around and molder in this hotel room , do we ? more silence . charlie ( contd ) do not be a party poop , Colonel slade . let 's get out of here , go for a ride . slade 's eyelid flutter . charlie ( contd ) yeah , a ride . the sun be stream in now , hit slade 's face , he seem to relax for a instant . 57 58 97 . slade a ride ? charlie yeah , a wild ride . a lip -bit , bone-rattle , double -clutch , mother - fuck ride ! slade shrug noncommittally at Charlie 's outburst , but a trace of a smile flicker over he face . Charlie catch it , hunch he shoulder purposefully . charlie ( contd ) a ride , it be . ext . park avenue - afternoon 57 Charlie lead slade up the street . Charlie stride on purposefully , a passive slade lean on he arn . int . ferrari dealership , park avenue - afternoon 58 slade stare distantly out the window into the busy street as Charlie , stand next to a gleam car , be lock in conversation with Fred bisco . other salesmen be around today , they watch bemusedly . fred ... yes , this be a valid Oregon driver 's license and yes , we let appropriate customer test drive the testarossa . but 17 - year-old with a blind companion , that we do not do . charlie the Colonel be not my companion , I be he . fred very nice . but this be a hundred and ninety thousand dollar piece of machinery , and I be not let it out this door . Charlie move to another model . charlie how about this one ? fred ~ the 348 ts , same deal . I be not let a unaccompany kid get behind the wheel of a hundred and thirteen thousand dollar piece of machinery . as Charlie move on through the showroom with Fred , they come within earshot of slade . 98. slade ( quietly ) he will not be unaccompany , I x11 be with he . I be he father . Fred stop , turn back to slade . fred you be he father ? Fred look from Charlie to slade and back to Charlie again . fred ( contd ) I get a idea . why do not I take dad for a ride ? slade be at odd with himself , he remain oddly quiet and passive , but Fred be a irritation he can not ignore . slade what 's you quota , freddie ? fred quota ? slade how many ferraris you sell this month ? fred uh -- slade the market 's down , be not it ? this thing be not exactly walk out of the store . fred the Ferrari be the finest piece of machinery sell in the automotive world . slade so what be you go to do , sleep in it or sell it ? Fred regards slade . fred Sir , I have love to accommodate you but slade do we close or not ? this vehicle perform like I expect it to , you / will have a certified check for a hundred and four thousand and change when you open up tomorrow . 59 60 61 62 99 . fred one hundred and thirteen thousand , eight hundred dollar . slade freddie , for you , one - oh-seven and a case of champagne . to go with you leftover turkey . Fred shift , glance at Charlie who be inscrutable , now direct he attention back to slade . fred can you testify to you son 's drive ability ? slade he get he learner 's permit from mario andretti . Fred smile , start walk towards the drive - out area . fred ...35 mile a hour on city street , you know . slade not a revolution over . ext . ferrari dealership , park avenue - day Charlie emerge at the wheel of a ferrari-red 348 ts , a tense slade in the seat beside he , orient himself to the noisy raffic . ext . west side highway - afternoon a red bullet fly up the highway , move in on the Ferrari , Charlie hunch over the wheel , the window on the passenger side zip down , point the way with he cane now be slade . int . ferrari - cross - bronx expressway ~ afternoon stuck in bumper - to- bumper traffic , Charlie raise the convertible top and he and slade be now fully visible , slade flourishing he cane , remonstrate with the driver of a huge semi . as the traffic release past a bottleneck , Charlie qick up speed , the red lozenge of a car slip past everybody , down the ramp , and onto the harlem River drive . int , ferrari - afternoon ~ Charlie be all business at the wheel . slade 's head bob in the vacuum of ' the windscreen , it be hard for he to suppress he excitement . a big diesel horn be blown at they and slade wave he cane in acknowledgement . 59 66 61 62 63 64 100 . ext . east river drive - afternoon 63 Charlie pick he way expertly through traffic , under the queensboro , down past stuyvesant town , and across the Brooklyn Bridge . as the World Trade Center gleam in the background , slade , like a oblivious child , start to stand up in he seat , but Charlie yank he down . ext . warehouse area - afternoon 64 a warehouse area under the Brooklyn Bridge , the sun shine brightly on cobblestone street desert on this holiday weekend . the Ferrari be nowhere in sight . charlie ( v.0 . ) just take it easy , man . slade ( v.0 . ) be it clear ... or be it clear ? charlie ( v.o. ) Wide open . the 348 ts now emerge from around the corner of a building . slade be at the wheel . charlie straight ! straight ! the Colonel be beside himself with excitement . he pick up speed . charlie ( contd ) for Christ sake , slow down , Colonel ! slade hold on , Charlie , I think we get another gear here -~- the car go even faster . charlie colonel slade ! slade , he shoulder rock , be dance with the Ferrari , Charlie hide he head . slade now let 's see how this baby corner . Charlie straighten up . - charlie corner ?! slade say when . 101 . charlie say when , what ? slade say when to turn ! charlie you can not turn ! slade where 's the turn ? two o'clock , three o'clock -- right oblique , right face , what ?! talk ! charlie Three o'clock . slade I know it ! now ? charlie no , not now ! the empty intersection fly by . > slade now ? charlie please , Colonel ! slade I be get ready to take a corner . here we go -~- charlie okay , okay -- wait-wait - wait -- now !! slade double - clutches very professionally , make a screeching , terrifying Grand prix turn . slade Charlie , you be riding with a very happy man . Charlie , freeze in he seat , can not speak . and for the moment , neither can slade . he seem transport by the situation , completely open and totally vulnerable . slade ( contd ) oh , I love this . * then , in the very next instant , he be all himself again . slade ( contd ) let 's take it to the max . slade stand on the accelerator . 102 . charlie oh , jee-zus . the car hurtle down the empty warehouse street , the Ferrari engine deafen , Charlie 's eye wide with fright , slade 's tooth bare in ecstasy . charlie ( contd ) oh please , oh do not , oh do not -- Charlie be desperate , suddenly he hear a SOUND , he can not identify it for a moment , it be slade , scream , he be . scream with delight , he hand clutching the vibrate wheel . Charlie go white . charlie ( contd ) let I out . the SOUND of a police siren . slade shit , the yellow flag . and I have not even open she up yet . slade , cackle , slow the car . slade ( contd ) where 's the curb ? charlie ( contd ) uh -- uh , one o'clock . slade start ease over . charlie ( contd ) easy , easy ... the Ferrari bounce off the curb . bullhorn ( v.0 . ) pull over . slade pit stop . we will be out of here in second . a blue-and - white traffic division vehicle be right on the Ferrari 's tail . more blip of a siren . slade ( contd ) * I have not have a ticket in year . charlie oh my God -- slade come to a halt . 65 103 . slade I x11 do the talk . ext . curb , warehouse area - day 65 slade cut the motor , lower the window , look right out at patrolman gore , 28 , a attractive example of New York 's finest . gore license and registration . Charlie reach across slade and hand Gore a document from the glove compartment . gore ( contd ) to slade ) test -drive this baby ? slade do not she purr , though ? gore at ninety mile a hour . slade wait till you hear she at a hundred and twenty - five . Charlie slump in he seat . gore where 's you license ? slade at the dealer 's . they give it back to you when you return the car . a moment . gore i.d . slade reach in he wallet , hand Gore a plastic card . he read it very carefully . gore ( contd ) Lieutenant - Colonel slade ? slade snap off a sharp salute . slade and you , soldier ? Charlie groan . gore the name be patrolman Gore , Colonel . 104 . slade what outfit ? gore traffic B. slade you be do a helluva job , Gore . gore and so be you . ( nod at Charlie ) who 's this ? slade that 's my boy , Charlie . he keep tell I to let it out , what be I go to do , disappoint he ? gore yes . slade fall silent , so do Gore , who keep check the military i.d. , then slade . slade have a choirboy 's expression on he face , as if wait to receive he punishment . gore ( contd ) I be go to let you go Colonel slade -- on one condition -- slade what 's that ? gore you take this rig straight back to the dealer . . charlie you get it ! slade ( to Charlie ) shut up . he turn back to gore. slade ( contd ) you face and you voice be familiar , Gore . you ever in the Officer 's Club in dhana ? Charlie 's head sink into he chest . gore no. slade never in the Army ? 66 105 . gore Coast Guard . slade ' good Lord . Gore contemplate slade for a moment . gore ( to Charlie ) you dad 's look good , Charlie , but he 's get a heavy foot . tell he to lighten up a bit . slade I hear you . Gore start back towards he car . slade ( contd ) Gore ! if you ever need a letter of commendation for you 201 file , let I know . I / 11 write the commandant . slade revs up the Ferrari noisily . charlie get out of that seat , you be not drive anymore ! slade just keep this baby warm . as the blue - and - white police car drive away , Charlie jump out of the Ferrari , run over to the driver 's side , help slade out , hand he he cane , and slade tap he way back to the passenger side . int . park avenue ferrari dealership - day 66 Fred be wait as Charlie pull in with slade . Fred check the car over , approach slade as he be help out by Charlie . fred I be afraid you guy take a powder to passaic . slade ignore he . fred ( contd ) . so ? slade I be crazy about the car . fred it 's another world , be not it ? 106 . slade we take she to the max and she sing like a dream . fred ( smile ) I ought to put you to work here on the floor , Colonel . slade there 's only one thing wrong . Fred look anxious . slade ( contd ) the color . Fred check the car , now Charlie . fred the color ? slade I do not like the color . slade be stare blindly right at the 348 ts . fred . you want silver , we will give you silver ? slade no , this be the car I want . fred this car be Ferrari red . slade '' I do not like Ferrari red . it remind i I of the G - 2 's dick , you know what I mean , Charlie ? charlie ( reluctantly ) yeah . slade ( to Charlie ) some other time . charlie - ( to Fred ) some other time . slade take Charlie 's arm now , and they calmly stroll out . Fred watch from the doorway as Charlie give a pierce } two -finger whistle , a cab materialize right out of the rush , hour traffic , they climb in and disappear down Park Avenue . 67 107 . int . taxicab , park avenue - day 67 the taxi be stick in traffic , a classic New York city gridlock . slade jerk he head this way and that , tapping he foot impatiently , but there be no movement on the street , just the honking of horn and the shout of taxi driver . Charlie sense he impatience but slade , uncharacteristically , say nothing . he be within himself . his sightless eye blink agitatedly . slade this be take too long . in a instant he have open the door and step out into the maelstrom of car and pedestrian in midtown , he cane flail , he antennae take he with the flow , Charlie throw some money at the taxi driver , jump out , but slade have already strode away . charlie hey ! Colonel ! c’mon , Colonel ! the light change , around slade the traffic start move , but he continue on through it . screech of car brake , cabby and driver yell , slade lose he cane but he be impervious as he hurry along on he force march , slamm into a trash can , take a moment to knock the heavy thing into the street . Charlie retrieve the cane , catch up . slade have a odd look to he , a film of sweat . charlie ( contd ) what the hell be you do ? slade I have get to take a piss . he start to undo he fly . charlie Colonel , for chrissake , you be on Park Avenue . slade the perfect place . they be on the median of the street now , Charlie back slade against the fence , at the same time shield he . charlie button you fly , here come a cop . slade I have get nothing to hide from the New York City police . charlie . please , Colonel -- zip it up ! 108 . slade okay , Charlie , okay , do not get excited . slade have spun around now , zipped _up he fly , he reach over the fence , fumble in the bed of fall flower plant in the median , pluck a huge chrysanthemum . . slade ( contd ) will you be my date for the navy game , Charlie ? charlie cut that out ! slade ( sadly ) ' cut that out . 's Jack benny use to say that . I love Jack benny . gimme you arm , I be get tired . slade seem to collapse for a moment , all he weight go on Charlie . charlie promise I , you 'il never do anything like that again . slade what have I do ? charlie run out in front of a whole bunch of car . slade what kind ? Charlie hustle slade through the revolve door of the waldorf . | 68 int . waldorf lobby - day 68 slade and Charlie move up the step lead to the lobby . slade which way 's the man 's room ? charlie we will be upstairs in a minute . slade - okay , I x11 use a palm tree . they be in the lobby , and indeed the frond of a palm tree be brush the Colonel 's face as he again undoe he fly . charlie you do that , Colonel , and I be go to leave you here . 109 . slade that 's why they put palm tree in hotel lobby , Charlie , to pee in . charlie good-bye . Charlie release slade 's arm and walk away . slade be bewilder for a moment , he head turn this way and that . slade charlie ! people lower they newspaper , a bellman notice he . slade burst with song : slade ( contd ) ( sing ) ' I do not want to walk without you , baby walk without my arm about you , baby I think the day you leave I behind I have take a stroll and get you right off my mind but now I find that ... 's a plainclothes Security man be close in on slade , Charlie be come from the other direction , Jaime , a bag in hand , restrain the Security man and something stop Charlie as slade , beautifully dress and as presentable as always , deliver the song to the bustling waldorf lobby . slade ( contd ) ( sing ) ' I do not want to walk without the sunshine why have you have to turn off all that sunshine oh , baby , please come back or you 'il break my heart for I ' Cause I do not want to walk without you nosiree 's . a stunne silence in the lobby , Jaime applaud , now someone else , it be not crazy or not crazy , just a polite round of applause and everybody go back to they business as Charlie resignedly approach slade . charlie could we go upstairs now ? slade why not ? ~ charlie you will not piss until we get to the room ? slade the feel 's pass . 110 . he take Charlie 's arm and they proceed to the bank of elevator amid murmur of " that be very nice " and " you have get a sweet voice " from the onlooker . they recede into the distance as slade march and count cadence straight into a elevator whose door open . slade ( contd ) ' g.i. bean and g.i. gravy gee , I wish I join the navy Count off Three of 's Count off one , two , three , of 's ! 's Charlie hurry in after he , slade reach the back wall of the elevator , pivot and continue to march in place . 69 int . waldorf suite / corridor - day 69 as Charlie fumble with the key , slade slump against the wall , Charlie turn the key and lead slade inside , the door slamm behind then . charlie whew . slade , stand in the tiny foyer lead to the sit room , appear contradictorily quiet . charlie ( contd ) be you okay ? slade yeah . it sound like a grunt . charlie do you want to go to the toilet ? slade no. charlie do not you want to go in you room now ? slade no . Charlie be puzzle by the sudden lack of affect . charlie you be sure you be okay ? slade I be fine . slade lean against the wall , he seem strangely silent but intent . 111 . charlie how about some television ? slade whatever you say . Charlie turn on the television , flip through channel , little or no reaction from slade , Charlie switch it off , check he watch . charlie I think I x11 make a call . slade go ahead . slade be fool with he cane , testing the shape of the back of a chair . Charlie poke in he wallet , withdraw a small address book . he locate a name , pick up the phone , dial . charlie hi , be George there ? a unfamiliar voice answer . georgeas father ( v.0 . ) senior or junior ? a pause . charlie junior . who ! he ? georgeas father ( v.0o . ) of 's this ? charlie a friend of he from school . georgeas father ( v.0o . ) well , George be not go to be talk to any of he friend from school right now . Charlie glance over at slade who have be carefully listen to the conversation . charlie oh ? georgeas father ( v.0 . ) good-bye . the click of a careful hang - up , Charlie slowly put down the phone , slade 's attention be center on he . charlie be you look at I ? 71 112 . slade I be blind , Charlie . they stand there in silence , '' regard each other . slade ( contd ) I be go to take a nap . too much fresh air . charlie good idea . let 's get you into bed . slade no , the couch . I like this couch here . he find the couch , fall on it and close he eye . charlie you okay , Colonel ? everything all right ? slade go down and get I some aspirin . charlie aspirin ? you get it . Charlie go . int . newsstand / gift shop , waldorf - day 70 Charlie emerge from the shop , clutching a little brown bag , catch sight of door about to close on the face elevator , with a jump he just make it inside . int . waldorf suite - late afternoon 71 Charlie enter the suite , flipping the bottle of aspirin , but slade be no longer on the couch . Charlie hear movement in slade 's bedroom , he walk in . slade be partially dress in he dress blue , knotting he tie , fasten he jacket . he look great . charlie be we go someplace ? slade yeah . I be take a trip . charlie where be you go ? slade ignore he , place he medal against he chest , discard they for the simpler ribbon , Charlie be observe he closely . charlie ( contd ) .-. Colonel ? 113 . slade pivot and as he pivot , he .45 become visible strapped to he side , he unholster it , insert a magazine , click - click . eject the magazine , click - click , insert it again . manically , slade load and unload the gun , Charlie watch hin . click -click . click -click . charlie ( contd ) ( quietly ) I think we have a deal . slade I be welching . I be a welcher , do not I tell you ? charlie what you do tell I be you give I all the bullet . slade you believe everything people tell you ? do not you know , sailor , no self - respect officer be without ammunition for he sidearm -- ( touch he hat ) -- either in he hat band -- ( click a heel ) -- or in he shoe . charlie ( grim ) you could have fool I . slade and I do . how , Charlie , be you go to survive in this world without I ? slade place the barrel of the gun at he own temple . charlie give I that gun . slade lower the pistol , spin it sammy Davis -style on he index finger , leave it hang . Charlie regards the gun danglin from slade 's finger , take a step towards it . slade flip it - again , the handle smack into he palm and now the gun be point straight at Charlie . charlie ( contd ) what be you do ? slade I be go to shoot you , too . you life be finish anyway . you friend George be go to sing like a canary . and so will you . ( more ) 114 . slade ( contd ) and once you have sung , Charlie my boy , you will take you place in the Long Gray line of american manhood . ( a _ pause ) and you will be through . charlie what make you think I be go to sing ? slade the same thing that bring you to the baird School from appleknocker , Oregon . ambition . you reek of it . strive be the name of you game . you be on you way up , Charlie , you be go to sit at the council of the mighty . but you would have have to sing before they have let you pull up a chair . charlie I have like to disagree with you , Colonel -- slade you be not in a position to . I have get a load .45 and you have get pimple . I be go to kill you because I can not bear the think of you sell out -- and do not worry about death . live be not measure by they length . you have stuff a lot into 17 year , Charlie , gob more than I have in 49 . charlie put that gun down , Colonel . slade you give I ultimatum ? I give the ultimatum . charlie sorry . slade that 's all right . I stand up to everybody and everything because it make I feel important . you stand up because you mean it . you know , Charlie , I do not know whether to shoot you or adopt you . charlie not much of a choice , sir . slade do not get cute with I . 115 . he cock he gun again . click -click . charlie Colonel , please -- Colonel , put it away . slade godammit , I ask you a question ! do you want I to adopt you or do not you ?! Charlie be speechless . slade ( contd ) you know , the spouse or unmarried child of that have at least twenty year of active service be also entitle to burial at Arlington ? charlie could we get off suicide ? you be just in a slump right now . slade no slump , Charlie . I be bad . not bad , rotten . charlie you be not bad , you be just in pain . slade what the fuck do you know about pain ? you be a fuck little snail darter from the Pacific Northwest . slade reach for a cigar one -hande , light it with he Zippo , blow a smoke ring , aim the gun at the smoke ring , Charlie step towards he and slade lower the gun again and point it right at Charlie . slade ( contd ) this be no time to grow a dick , ny joy . charlie please put the gun away , Colonel ... Charlie take one more step towards slade . slade hesitates , twirl the gun furiously , and suddenly it be point at he own head again . slade do not move . . Charlie freeze . 116 . slade ( contd ) I be talk parade Ground -- ( shout ) -- atten-shun !! Charlie be motionless , sweat at he hairline as slade 's antennae work overtime , the place static with the electricity of he concentration . Charlie advance on slade , who keep the pistol train on he own temple . slade ( contd ) soldier , you be give a order . charlie give I the gun , Colonel . slade Charlie , in five second I be go to kill myself . charlie I want you gun , Colonel . slade five -- four -- three -- two -- whap ! Charlie , ducking under the electrical field and quick as a cat , grab the barrel of the gun , try to wrest it away , but the Colonel will not give it up . they struggle , Charlie hold on desperately , pull the gun down towards himself but slade will not release it . the barrel of the gun be now point at Charlie 's stomach , he have both he hand around it , but the Colonel 's finger be still firmly on the trigger . slade ( contd ) let go . charlie no , I will not . slade you be go to die like a dog , Charlie . charlie do it ! you want to do it ? do it ! do it ! only the sound of they breathe now . charlie ( contd ) ~ I will explode all over you . pull the thing , you blind motherfucker . Charlie start to hyperventilate , he breath come in terrible heave , sweat run down he cheek . slade be inch away . slade you smell . 117 . j charlie I be scared . slade you do not want to die , Charlie . . charlie neither do you . slade give I one reason not to . charlie I will give you two . you can dance a tango and drive a Ferrari better than anybody I have ever see . slade you have never see anybody do either . he stare down at he gun . slade ( contd ) ( noodle gently ) * pid you ever have the feel that you want to go still have the feel that you want to stay ... 's ! charlie i please , Colonel , give it to I . a moment . slade you know how to handle a .45 ? another moment . charlie half as good as a .90 . slade hesitates for a moment , he manage a weak smile , relax imperceptibly . Charlie look down , find slade have release the gun , Charlie hold it awkwardly by the barrel . slade gently reach out , with one hand he flick a lever , the magazine drop out of the gun , with the other hand slade catch it ’and in one smooth move , reach up and deposit it in Charlie 's breast pocket . now slade turn away . slade . I could use a drink . charlie how about a cup of coffee ? slade . i that 's too big a leap for I right now , Charlie . maybe tomorrow . Mr. John Daniels , no water . 118. Charlie cross to the mini-bar , and slade listen to the comfortable sound of Charlie fix he a drink . Charlie hand the glass to he . slade take a gulp , make a face . slade ( contd ) I say no water , Charlie . charlie no water . they have strong ice at the waldorf . slade smile , take another sip . the rattle of a key in the door , the night maid , - a aging but attractive Hispanic woman , enter . night maid turn down you bed , sir ? charlie no , thank you -- slade sniff the air , open he arm invitingly . slade what he mean , senorita , be come right in . | the night maid smile anxiously . Charlie remove a set of towel from she arm , show she out . charlie ( kindly ) maybe later . night maid yes sir , good night . she leave , slade be still sniff the area , he tooth bare in a ravenous smile . charlie Boy , have you get a one - track mind . slade be there anything else in the world , Charlie ? charlie not for you . x slade what 's so bad ? woman be the essence of life . you know what 's keep I go all this year -- ( more ) 119 . slade ( contd ) ( hesitates ) ... the think that maybe one day I could have a woman 's arm wrap around I -- and she leg -- wrap around I -- and -- charlie and what ? slade and that she might still be there in the morning when I wake up -- the smell of she , all funky and warn ... slade be stare blindly into the remain of he watery drink , Charlie watch he closely , slade oddly drift away . slade ( contd ) I finally give up on it . charlie well , you be make a mistake . I do not know why you can not have that . slade ( dazedly ) have what ? charlie you know , when we get back to New Hampshire , I do not know why you can not find someone . you be a good-look guy ... you be a lot of fun ... great to travel with ... sensitive ... compassionate -- slade smile . slade be you fuck with I , Charlie ? charlie yes . . slade laugh . the telephone ring . charlie ( contd ) ( to slade ) you know , from now on you do not have * to decide to kill yourself to come to New York and have a good time . Charlie pick up the ringing telephone . 72 120 . charlie ( contd ) ( into phone ) hold on . ( to slade ) do you ? a long moment . slade no . charlie ( phone ) yeah ? oh hi , manny ... the plane ? what time do it leave ? -- ( check he watch ) oh my God ! ( to slade ) we miss we plane ! slade you plane , Charlie , my ticket be one - way . Charlie hold up he hand to slade . charlie that 's okay , manny say there be shuttle on the hour till 9 o'clock . slade ignore Charlie , rub he sleeve on the patent leather visor of he dress hat , fit it to he head . he look impressive . slade no way , Charlie . not the shuttle , not at any price . ext . waldorf - astoria - night 72 the limo be at the curb , Jaime adjust slade 's bag in the trunk , slam the lid shut , hurry around to hold the door for slade . slade slap he fondly on the arm . slade hyman , I like the cut of you jib . he hand he some money . jaime - thank you , sir . slade nada . slade step into the car , Charlie follow after , Jaime salute the limo as manny drive away . 73 74 75 121. int . limo - night 73 manny pick up the phone . manny New England Turnpike all the way , Colonel ? slade open ‘er up , manolo . slade stretch out he leg . ext . new england turnpike - night 74 the limo catch the reflection of iron oxide tollbooth light as the car enter Westchester . int . limo - night 75 slade take out he flask , try to drink , but it be empty . Charlie pass he the remain of a bottle of water , slade drain it . Charlie peer moodily out the window , slade 's head tilt towards hin . slade I be get that heavy feel again , Charlie . charlie um -- ( a moment ) ahh -- slade one um -- one ahh -- charlie uUm ... I think you be right about George and he father . another moment . slade I be sorry to hear that . charlie as soon as we get back , Dean trask be * bring we up in front of the whole school -- slade put you foot to the fire ? charlie og a special meeting of the disciplinary Committee . 77 76° 122. slade and you say what ? charlie Ill think of something . slade try to get a last sip out of he flask . Charlie hand he a fresh bottle of water . slade thanks . why be you all alone with this ? where 's you father ? charlie he leave . slade I think it be a mom-and - pop store . who 's the pop ? charlie my stepfather . slade oh yeah . why be not he in on this ? Charlie do not answer . slade ( contd ) he 's no good , huh ? charlie he 's okay . we just do not get along . slade why not ? charlie because he 's a asshole . slade that 's all right . every family 's get one nowadays . they drift into silence . ext . limo , new england turnpike - night 76 the limo drive on , pass noisy semis and lonely night-hound car . . int . limo - night : 77 slade and Charlie be both asleep , a blanket cover they . slade wake up , pick up the phone . slade ( quietly ) where be we ? 78 123. manny worcester . slade ( whisper ) keep roll , manny . Charlie , asleep , shiver . slade take the blanket off himself and double it up on Charlie , now he settles himself ramrod - straight in the corner of the backseat , he dress hat rest on he knee , he eye be close , but a acute sense of awareness about he , as if he could bounce awake in a instant . as if he be in a foxhole . ext . dormitory , the baird school - morning 78 a screen door keep slamm as student pour out of the building , green book bag and bicycle , they make they way down gravel path to the Academy Building in the distance . the limousine pull up and park , a few of the student glance at the tinted window of the car as they pass . the limo door open , manny hand Charlie a plastic waldorf - astoria laundry bag . manny -.- this it ? charlie thanks . he take the bag , climb out of the limo , turn back to slade who be still seat in the car , he head tilt towards Charlie . a bell ring . slade what 's that ? charlie first bell . I just get time to shave . slade extend a cigarette-sized roll of bill . slade Three hundred dollar . a job well do . if you ever need reference , Charlie , I be you man . Charlie take the money . charlie thank you . ( to manny ) it 's 16 Water Street . just over the bridge and -- slade we will find it . 79 80 124 . he hold out he hand . slade ( contd ) good-bye , Charlie . charlie good-bye , Colonel . they shake . silence . slade okay , manny . manny squeeze Charlie 's shoulder , Charlie tie the knot of the laundry bag tighter , then run into he dormitory , dodging other student as they come out . ext . the baird school , belfry - morning 79 the bell ring again . int . academy build , baird school - morning 80 a impressive assembly hall , portrait of founder and former headmaster line the wall , the entire student body be settling into long bench , century - old relic with initial of alumnus long dead carve into the back . the bench face a stage and a podium . Charlie enter , the bell be ringing steadily now , a monitor touch Charlie 's arm , motion he up the step to the stage where the member of the Student - faculty disciplinary Committee be take seat in wooden armchair arrange in a semi-circle . facing the Committee be a pair of elementary school - type desk . Charlie notice George at one of the desk , but he be depressed to see a distinguished - look , gray - haire man seat beside he , GEORGE willis , sr . George , Jr. , who appear to have shrink in size next to he father , studiously avoid meeting Charlie 's glance as Charlie take he seat at the other desk . Mrs. hunsaker be beside the podium with a note pad . a noisy rustle and scraping of bench , the student rise as Dean trask enter from a wing . Charlie , isolate at he desk , look out , he eye rove the sea of student 's face in the great hall . seat in they midst , and side - by-side , be Harry , trent and Jimmy . the bell stop ringing as the last tardy student take they seat . trask approach the podium . trask . ..- I call a open meeting of this institution this morning because the incident that occur this Tuesday last , describe a issue that concern all of we ... not a isolate case of ( more ) 125 . trask ( contd ) vandalism , what happen be the symptom of the sickness of a society , a sickness which run counter to the principle this school be found on . a school among whose graduate , three have sit at the desk in the oval room of the White House . baird man have run State department and investment house , found department store and coach football team , we alumnus receive they bulletin in ashram in India and in palace in Jordan , we be , in fact , know around the world as the cradle of this country 's leadership . but today we be bleed from disrespect . a door to the assembly hall squeak open and manny , catch like a rabbit in headlight , appear . awkwardly , he lead slade onto the stage and into a chair next to a startle Charlie . slade settles himself in as if he be right at home , manny depart quickly as trask look slade up and down , as do the other participant on the stage . the student on the back bench rise , to get a better view of this blind article who have arrange himself at the side of Charlie simm . slade lean over to a bewilder Charlie , speak intently to he , now Charlie turn slade in the direction of George 's father , slade tilt he head in he fashion , examine George , sr. with he antennae , but George , sr. meet he gaze . trask ( contd ) who be this , Mr. simm ? charlie ummm -- ahh -- slade ( to trask ) ' this 's be Frank slade , Lieutenant - Colonel , United States Army , retire . I be here in place of Charlie 's parent . trask Excuse I ? slade in loco parentis . ~ trask blink . slade ( contd ) they could not make the trip from Oregon today . 126 . trask and what be you relationship to Mr. simm ? slade be this a courtroom ? trask the close thing we could manage to it . slade then if we be take oath , I have like to swear a few people in . silence . trask there be no oath at baird , we be all on we honor . slade Larry and franny simm be old and dear friend of mine . they ask I to appear here today on Charlie 's behalf . okay ? a moment . trask happy to have you with we , Colonel . trask turn towards the desk where George and he father be seat . trask ( contd ) Mr. Willis ? willis , sr . which Mr. Willis ? slade poke Charlie with he elbow . trask George , Jr. , sir . GEORGE yes ? trask - you be in a position last Tuesday night to see who vandalize my car . who be it ? GEORGE . well , I have a idea who it be . 127 . trask not a ' idea 's , Mr. Willis , do you see or do you not see ? . GEORGE I do not have my glass on . George 's father stare at hin . GEORGE ( contd ) ( quickly ) I be in the library , I have on my read glass , and then I help simm close up and I start to put on my regular glass but it be a real frosty night , right ? so I start to clean they , then I hear this sound , but I never get a chance to put they on . trask whom , with you limited vision , do you see ? George hesitates , he father put he hand on he arm , whisper purposefully to hin . GEORGE } ( to trask ) well , like I say , it be real blurry -- I mean I can not see without my : glass -- trask what do you see , Mr. Willis ? | GEORGE you mean definitively ? trask stop fencing with I , Mr. Willis , and tell I what you see ! George 's father drill George with another stare . GEORGE now do not hold I to this , but -- I mean no glass , and it be dark and everything and -- trask Mr. Willis ?! GEORGE maybe Harry havemeyer , trent Potter and Jimmy jameson . trask ' maybe 's ? 128 . GEORGE ballpark . best guess . trask could you provide we with some detail ? GEORGE well , Charlie could tell you for sure , he be closer . trask , finally , irritate by the interchange , turn to Charlie . trask Mr. simm ? charlie yes ? trask you do not wear eyeglass , do you ? charlie no. trask with you untrammele sight , whom do you see ? a moment . from they seat in the middle of the assembly , Harry , trent and Jimmy , very nervous now , await Charlie 's response . charlie ( contd ) I see something , but I could not say who it be . trask all right , what be the ' something 's you see ? charlie I could not say . trask you ' could not say 's ? or you would not say ? charlie I -- I just could not say . . trask could not , would not , should not ! Mr. simm , you be exhaust my patience and make a mockery of this proceedings . I be give you one last j chance -- the consequence of you response will be dire . ( more ) 129 . trask ( contd ) by ' dire , 's Mr. simm , I mean you future will be jeopardize -- ermanently . now , for the last pine -- what do you see last Tuesday night outside my house ? charlie I see somebody -- trask ( interrupt ) ' I see somebody . 's good ! and do you see they size and shape ? charlie yes , sir . trask and they be the size and shape of whom ? charlie they be the size and shape of -- a very long moment . charlie ( contd ) ..- most any baird student . slade be ecstatic . Harry , trent and Jimmy sink back into they seat and exhale with relief . trask survey the gather : the student body . the disciplinary Committee , George , Jr. and George , sr. , and finally , Charlie and slade . trask I be leave with no real witness . Mr. Willis 's testimony be not only vague , it be unsubstantiated . the substance I be look for , Mr. simm , be to come from you . charlie I be sorry . silence . charlie ( contd ) I really be . trask I be sorry , too . because you know what I be go to do inasmuch as I can not punish Mr. havemeyer , Mr. Potter and Mr. jameson -- and I will not punish ( more ) silence . 130 . trask ( cont have ) Mr. Willis , he be the only party to this incident who be still worthy of call himself ~ a baird man -- I be go to expel you , Mr. simm . you be a cover - up artist and you be a liar . slade but not a snitch . trask Excuse I ? slade no , I do not think I will . trask Mr. slade -- slade trask please watch you language , Mr. slade , you be in the baird School , not a barrack . Mr. simm , I ’1ll give you one final opportunity to speak up -- slade Mr. simm do not want it . he do not need to be label ' still worthy of be a baird man’ . what 's you motto here ? " boy , inform on you classmate and you 'il save you hide , anything short of that and we will burn you at the stake " ? gentlemen , when the shit hit the fan , some guy run and some guy stay . here 's Charlie -- face the fire . and there 's George -- hide in Big daddy 's pocket . and what be you go to do , Dean trask ? reward George -- and destroy Charlie ? trask be you finish , mr.slade ? - slade I be just warming up . I do not care if William Howard taft or William jenning bryan go here , they spirit be dead . ( more ) 131 . slade ( contd ) you be building a ratship , a vessel for seagoing snitch , and if you think you be prepare this minnow for manhood , think again because you be kill the very spirit this institution proclaim it instill . what a performance . the only class in the act be sit next to I and I be here to tell you he soul be intact . you know why ? because someone , I be not go to say who , offer to buy it . slade stare at trask . slade ( contd ) however , Charlie be not sell . trask Sir , you be out of order . slade you do not know what ' out of order 's be . I have show you out of order , but I be too old , too tired and too blind . if I be the man I be five year ago , I have put a flame thrower to this place . I have be around , dean-o , there be a time when I could see , and I have see arm tear out and leg rip off but there 's nothing like the sight of a amputate spirit -- no prosthetic for that . you think you be merely send this splendid foot soldier back to Oregon with he tail between he leg . but I say you be execute he soul . and on what rap -- that he 's not a baird man ? slade survey the hall . Harry , trent and Jimmy be all attention , enjoy the drift of slade 's word . slade ( contd ) baird man ? you will be baird bum . the whole bunch of you . and Harry , trent and Jimmy , wherever you be out there , fuck you too . Harry , trent and Jimmy go white . a rustle around they , even a few suppress laugh . . trask stand down , Mr. slade . slade I be not finish . as I come in , I hear the word ' cradle of leadership 's . well , when the bough break , the cradle will fall . and it 's fall here . 132 . slade turn to the member of the disciplinary Committee . slade ( contd ) maker of man , creator of leader , be careful what kind of leader you be produce here . which youth do you think the young Tom jefferson be like ? which young man do you think young abraham lincoln resemble ? who here take after George patton ? he tilt he head towards George . slade ( contd ) this creep ... he turn towards Charlie . slade ( contd ) or Charlie ? slade turn towards he chair . slade ( contd ) I have come to crossroad in my life . I always know what the right path be . but I never take it because it be too hard . Charlie 's come to a crossroad . and he 's choose the right path . the path be make of principle and it lead to character . let he continue on he journey . he sit . the hall be engulf in silence . the SOUND of a hand clap from a back bench , two other hand clap and now rhythmic applause start , trask be bang on a gavel but no one will listen , Mrs. hunsaker be try to quiet trask down , George Willis , sr. turn bett -re , Harry , trent and Jimmy do not know which way to turn , the member of the Student - faculty disciplinary Committee have already begin confer , the clapping build and envelop the place , the old red brick building seem to shake with SOUND , slade reach down and squeeze Charlie 's arm , a wink from he gimpy eye . slade ( contd ) ( to Charlie ) how 's that for cornball ? trask bang he gavel insistently , now he stand up on the stage and crisscross he arm desperately , finally a reluctant silence . trask we will adjourn and the disciplinary Committee will take this matter under advisement -- in camera -- in close session -- 133 . a buzz , the Student - faculty disciplinary Committee member who be still huddle , break from it . a senior faculty member hurry over to trask , speak to he . trask react angrily , the faculty member hold he ground , trask stalk off in a huff , the faculty member then hand a piece of paper to Mrs. hunsaker . mrs . hunsaker ( read ) the joint Student - faculty disciplinary Committee need no further session , they have come to a decision . messr . havemeyer , Potter and jameson be place on probation for suspicion of ungentlemanly conduct -- it be further recommend that Mr. George Willis , Jr. receive neither recognition , nor commendation , for he cooperation -- George , sr. get up and walk out . mrs . hunsaker ( contd ) Mr. Charles simm be excuse from any further response to this incident . the place erupt , rhythmic applause again , the back - bencher climb on each other 's shoulder to get a better view of slade and Charlie . slade ( to Charlie ) we better get off before they give we the hook . slade take Charlie 's arm , Charlie lead he out , slade sniff as he go : slade ( contd ) ( to Charlie , over the noise ) no ginch , not a trace of a scent . when be this school go to enter the 20th century ? charlie where do you get that ' Larry and franny 's stuff ? that be not my parent 's name . slade sound good , do not they ? ' charlie yeah . and thanks . slade for what ? charlie for you know what . 134 . slade hey , I be just protect myself . what 's go to happen to all of we if George and Harry be run the country in twenty year ? there be a hubbub around Charlie and slade as Charlie lead he out , student call to slade , " thank you , sir " , " good go , sir " , " hey , you friend 's great , Charlie " , but still they give the blind slade a wide berth as he tap he cane in a broad arc . emerging from the crowd , christine downe , 30 - ish , a teacher whom we have see sit with the faculty , call out . slade stop , christine Colonel ! sniff . slade do I speak too soon ? ( sniff again ; to Charlie ) ginch , after all . christine I be christine down , Colonel slade , I teach political Science . I just want to tell you how much I appreciate you come here and speak you - mind . slade why , thank you , be you marry ? christine uh -- uh , I -- uh -- slade go to artillery School at Fort Sill with a mickey down . think he might have snag you . Charlie smile . christine no -- no -~ I be afraid not -- charlie ( quickly ) Colonel slade be on lyndon Johnson 's . staff , miss down . christine be you ? fascinating . slade --- let 's get together and talk politics sometime . ( more ) 81 82 - 83 135 . slade ( contd ) ( sniff ) fleur de rocailles ? christine be startle . christine yes . slade Flowers from a brook . christine , charme , be take with slade . christine that 's right . slade well , miss down , I 'il know where to find you . ( a moment ) Charlie ? Charlie offer slade he arm , slade take it , and Charlie steer he through the door and out to the street as christine watch they go . ext . limo - day 81 the car make its way down the street , into town and across a bridge . int . limo , wilton - day 82 Charlie and slade be side - by-side in the back seat again , slade be within himself , not depressed or exhilated , almost relaxed . slade +-- I think I 'il take my brother to the Super bowl next year . Charlie smile . ext. / int . limo , rossi house - day 83 the limo pull up outside 16 Water Street , the distant SOUND of francine and Willie play , donny 's truck be in the driveway . slade lower he window , breathes in the smell of the place . slade ( to Charlie ) yaba daba doo . manny roll down the window between driver and passenger , he have prepare three drink from a half - pint bottle of Jack Daniels , a fingerful in each glass , hand one to slade , one to Charlie , take one himself . manny this one 's on I , Colonel . - 136 . slade nod he thanks to manny and now slade turn to Charlie , raise the whiskey glass to he glass eye and strike it gently . ping . slade here 's look at you . they drain they drink . manny hop out , retrieve slade 's bag from the trunk , hand it to Charlie who have help slade out , slade peel off a few . hundred , hand they to manny who mutter great gratitude , and slade give manny a good - bye squeeze on the shoulder . Charlie pick up slade 's bag , hold out he arm for slade . slade ( contd ) no thanks , Charlie , I 'il take it from here . you go ahead , manny will drop you off at you dorm . come by before you go home for Christmas , we will have a little cheer . and if you feel like it , you will stay for dinner . sometimes she cook pot roast -- it 's almost edible . charlie gee , that would be -- slade good-bye , Charlie . slade take he bag from Charlie , head up towards the house by himself , Charlie climb back in the limo , watch as francine appear around a corner of the house on she tricycle , Willie riding behind she on the rear run - board . francine brake sharply at the sight of slade . . slade ( contd ) what be you do ? francine take a ride . slade on the trike ? willie I , too ! - slade ( to francine ) get off . francine I will not ! 137 . slade get off , francine , or I x11 whack you with this cane . francine get off , slade drop he bag . slade ( contd ) give I you hand . francine hesitates . slade ( contd ) you hand ! francine give he she hand , with he other he feel for the handlebar of the tricycle , now he hit it with he cane , Willie jump off in terror , francine back away . slade drop the cane as he locat .s the handlebar , now he climb gingerly on the seat , all bow - legge and awkward . he be half - on -- half -off . slade ( contd ) c’mere , francie . she move to he cautiously , when she reach he , he lift she on to he lap , now he start pedall , very slowly . ' willie hey ! slade stop , Willie climb on the back , hold on to slade by grab he belt . now slade pick up the pace . Karen appear at the kitchen window , donny beside she , they watch , dumbstruck , the proceedings outside . Charlie observe from the back seat of the limo , manny be about to pull away . charlie wait . Charlie peer out the limo window at slade run sprint on ' the tricycle , francine and Willie hang all over he , Karen and donny , in thrall , at the kitchen window . a smile spread over Charlie 's face . go out on the smile . the end