" schindler' list " by Steven Zaillian final draft in black and white : train wheel grind against track , slow . folding table legs scissor open . the lever of a train door be pull . name on list on clipboard hold by clerk move alongside the track . clerk ( v.o. ) ... rossen ... lieberman ... wachsberg ... bewildered rural face come down off the passenger train . form be set out on the fold table . hand straighten pen and pencil and ink pad and stamp . clerk ( v.o. ) ... when you name be call go over there ... take this over to that table ... typewriter keys rapping a name onto a list . a face . keys type another name . another face . clerk ( v.o. ) ... you’re in the wrong line , wait over there ... you , come over here ... a man be take from one long line and lead to the back of another . a hand hammer a rubber stamp at a form . tight on a face . keys type another name . another face . another name . clerk ( v.o. ) ... biberman ... Steinberg ... chilowitz ... as a hand come down stamp a gray stripe across a registration card , there be absolute silence ... then music , the hungarian love song , " gloomy Sunday , " distant ... and the stripe bleed into color , into bright yellow ink . int . HOTEL room - cracow , poland - night the song play from a radio on a rust-stain sink . the light in the room be dismal , the furniture cheap . the curtain be fade , the wallpaper peel ... but the clothes laid out across the single bed be beautiful . the hand of a man button the shirt , belt the slack . he slip into the double - breast jacket , knot the silk tie , fold a handkerchief and tuck it into the jacket pocket , all with great deliberation . a bureau . some currency , cigarettes , liquor , passport . and a elaborate gold - on-black enamel hakenkreuz ( or swastika ) which the gentleman pin to the lapel of he elegant dinner jacket . he step back to consider he reflection in the mirror . he like what he see : oskar schindler -- salesman from Zwittau -- look almost reputable in he one nice suit . even in this awful room . int . nightclub - cracow , poland - night a spotlight slice across a crowded smoke - choke club to a small stage where a cabaret performer sing . it 's September , 1939 . General sigmund list 's armored division , drive north from the sudetenland , have take cracow , and now , in this club , drink , socialize , conduct business , be a strange clientele : ss officer and Polish cop , gangster and girl and entrepreneur , throw together by the circumstance of war . oskar schindler , drink alone , slowly scan the room , the face , stripping away all that 's unimportant to he , settling only on detail that be : the rank of this man , the higher rank of that one , money be slip into a hand . waiter sets down drink in front of the ss officer who take the money . a lieutenant , heus at a table with he girlfriend and a lower-ranking officer . waiter from the gentleman . the waiter be gesture to a table across the room where schindler , seemingly unaware of the ss man , drink with the best - look woman in the place . lieutenant do I know he ? his sergeant doesn’t . his girlfriend do not . lieutenant find out who he be . the sergeant make he way over to schindler 's table . there 's a handshake and introduction before -- and the lieutenant , watch , can not believe it -- he guy accept the chair schindler 's drag over . the lieutenant wait , but he man do not come back ; he 's forget already he go there for a reason . finally , and it irritate the ss man , he have to get up and go over there . lieutenant stay here . his girlfriend watch he cross toward schindler 's table . before he even arrive , schindler be up and berate he for leave he date way over there across the room , wave at the girl to come join they , motion to waiter to slide some table together . waiter arrive with plate of caviar and another round of drink . the lieutenant make a halfheart move for he wallet . lieutenant let I get this one . schindler no , put it away , put it away . schindler 's already get he money out . even as he 's pay , he eye be work the room , settling on a table where a girl be decline the advance of two more high - rank ss man . a tablecloth billow as a waiter lay it down on another table that 's be add to the other . schindler seat the ss officer on either side of he own " date " -- schindler what be you drink , gin ? he motion to a waiter to refill the man 's drink , and , return to the head of the table ( 's ) , sweep the room again with he eye . roar of laughter erupt from schindler 's party in the corner . nobody 's have a better time than that people over there . his guest have swell to ten or twelve -- ss man , Polish cop , girl -- and he move among they like the great entertainer he be , make sure everybody 's get enough to eat and drink . here , closer , at this table across the room , a ss officer gesture to one of the ss man who a hour ago could not get the girl to sit at he table . the guy come over . ss officer 1 who be that ? ss officer 2 ( like everyone know ) that 's oskar schindler . he 's a old friend of ... I do not know , somebody 's . girl with a big camera screw in a flashbulb . she lift the unwieldy thing to she face and focus . as the bulb flash , the noise of the club suddenly drop out , and the moment be catch in black and white : oskar schindler , surround by he many new friend , smile urbanely . ext . square - cracow - day a photograph of a face on a work card , black and white . a type name , black and white . a hand affix a sticker to the card and it saturate with color , deep blue . people in long line , wait . other near idling truck , wait . other against side of building , wait . clerk with clipboard move through the crowd , call out name . clerk groder ... gemeinerowa ... libeskind ... int . apartment build - cracow - day the party pin in he lapel catch the light in the hallway . schindler stern ? behind schindler , the door to another apartment close softly . a radio , somewhere , be suddenly silence . schindler be you itzhak stern ? at the door of this apartment , a man with the face and manner of a talmudic scholar , finally nod in resignation , like he number have just come up . stern I be . schindler offer a hand . confused , stern tentatively reach for it , and find he own grasp firmly . int . stern' apartment - day settle into a overstuff chair in a simple apartment , schindler pour a shot of cognac from a flask . schindler there 's a company you do the book for on lipowa Street , make what , pot and pan ? stern stare at the cognac schindler 's offer he . he do not know who this man be , or what he want . stern ( pause ) by law , I have to tell you , sir , I be a Jew . schindler look puzzle , then shrug , dismiss it . schindler all right , you have do it -- good company , you think ? he keep hold out the drink . stern decline it with a slow shake of he head . stern it do all right . schindler nod , take out a cigarette case . schindler I do not know anything about enamelware , do you ? he offer stern a cigarette . stern decline again . stern I be just the accountant . schindler simple engineering , though , would not you think ? Change the machine around , whatever you do , you could make other thing , could not you ? schindler lower he voice as if there could possibly be someone else listen in somewhere . schindler field kit , mess kit ... he wait for a reaction , and misinterprets stern 's silence for a lack of understanding . schindler Army contract . but stern do understand . he understand too well . schindler grin good - naturedly . schindler once the war end , forget it , but for now it 's great , you could make a fortune . do not you think ? stern ( with a edge ) I think most people right now have other priority . schindler try for a moment to imagine what they could possibly be . he can not . schindler like what ? stern smile despite himself . the man 's manner be so simple , so in contrast to he own and the complexity of be a Jew in occupy cracow in 1939 . he really do not know . stern decide to end the conversation . stern get the contract and I be sure you will do very well . in fact the worse thing get the better you will do . it be a " pleasure . " schindler the contract ? that 's the easy part . find the money to buy the company , that 's hard . he laugh loudly , uproariously . but then , just as abruptly as the laugh erupt , he 's dead serious , all kid aside -- schindler you know anybody ? stern stare at he curiously , sit there take another sip of he cognac , placid as a large dog . schindler Jews , yeah . investor . stern ( pause ) Jews can no longer own business , sir , that 's why this one 's for sale . schindler well , they would not own it , I would own it . I would pay they back in product . they can trade it on the black market , do whatever they want , everybody 's happy . he shrug ; it sound more than fair to he . but not to stern . stern pot and pan . schindler ( nodd ) something they can hold in they hand . stern study he . this man be nothing more than a salesman with a salesman 's pitch ; just dress better than most . stern I do not know anybody who would be interested in that . schindler ( a slow know nod ) they should be . silence . ext . cracow - night a mason trowel mortar onto a brick . as he tap it into a place and scrape off the excess cement , the image drain of color . under light , a crew of brick - layer be erecting a ten- foot wall where a street once run unimpeded . ext . STREET - cracow - day a young man emerge from a alley pockete he jewish armband . he cross a street past german soldier and truck and climb the step of St. Mary 's cathedral . int . ST . mary cathedral - day a dark and cavernous place . a priest perform mass to scattered parishioner . lot of empty pews . the young Polish Jew from the street , poldek pfefferberg , kneel , cross himself , and slide in next to another young man , Goldberg , go over note scribble on a little pad inside a missal . pfefferberg show he a container of shoe polish he take from he pocket . whisper , bored -- goldberg what 's that ? pfefferberg you do not recognize it ? maybe that 's because it 's not what I ask for . goldberg you ask for shoe polish . pfefferberg my buyer sell it to a guy who sell it to the Army . but by the time it get there -- because of the cold -- it break , the whole truckload . goldberg ( pause ) so I be responsible for the weather ? pfefferberg I ask for metal , you give I glass . goldberg this be not my problem . pfefferberg look it up . Goldberg do not bother ; he pocket he little notepad and intone a response to the priest 's prayer , all but ignore pfefferberg . pfefferberg this be not you problem ? everybody want to know who I get it from , and I be go to tell they . Goldberg glance to pfefferberg for the first time , and , greatly put upon , take out he little notepad again and make a notation in it . goldberg Metal . he flip the pad close , pocket it , cross himself as he get up , and leave . int . HOTEL - day pfefferberg at the front desk of a sleepy hotel with another black market middleman , the desk clerk . both be wear they armband . pfefferberg underline figure on a little notepad of he own -- pfefferberg let 's say this be what you give I . this be fee I have to pay some guy . this be my commission . this be what I bring you back in occupation currency . the clerk , satisfied with the figure , be about to hand over to pfefferberg some outlaw Polish note from a envelope when schindler come in from the street . the clerk put the money away , get schindler he room key , wait for he to leave so he can finish he business with pfefferberg ... but schindler do not leave ; he just keep look over at pfefferberg 's shirt , at the cuff , the collar . pfefferberg that 's a nice shirt . pfefferberg nod , yeah , thanks , and wait for schindler to leave ; but he do not . nor do he appear to hear the short burst of muffle gunfire that erupt from somewhere up the street . schindler you do not know where I could find a shirt like that . pfefferberg know he should say ' no , ' let that be the end of it . it 's not wise do business with a german who could have you arrest for no reason whatsoever . but there 's something guileless about it . pfefferberg like this ? schindler ( nodd ) there 's nothing in the store . the clerk try to discourage pfefferberg from pursue this transaction with just a look . pfefferberg ignore it . pfefferberg you have any idea what a shirt like this cost ? schindler Nice thing cost money . the clerk try to tell pfefferberg again with a look that this be not smart . pfefferberg how many ? schindler I do not know , ten or twelve . that 's a good color . Dark blue , gray . schindler take out he money and begin peel off bill , wait for pfefferberg to nod when it 's enough . he 's be overcharge , and he know it , but pfefferberg keep push it , more . the look schindler give he let he know that he 's try to hustle a hustler , but that , in this instance at least , he will let it go . he hand over the money and pfefferberg hand over he notepad . pfefferberg write down you measurement . as he write down the information , pfefferberg glance to the desk clerk and offer a shrug . as he write -- schindler I be go to need some other thing . as thing come up . ext . garden - scherner' residence - cracow - day as oberfuhrer scherner and he daughter , in a wedding gown , dance to the music of a quartet on a bandstand , the reception guest drink and eat at table set up on a expansive lawn . czurda the ss do not own the train , somebody 's get to pay . whether it 's a passenger car or a livestock car , it do not matter -- which , by the way , you have to see . you have to set aside a afternoon , go down to the station and see this . other ss and Army officer share the table with czurda . schindler , too , nice blue shirt , jacket , only he do not seem to be pay attention ; rather he attention and affection be direct to the blonde next to he , ingrid . czurda so you get thousand of fare that have to be pay . since it 's the ss that 's reserve the train , logically they should pay . but this be a lot of money . ( pause ) the Jews . they be the one riding the train , they should pay . so you get Jews pay they own fare to ride on cattle car to God know where . they pay the ss full fare , the ss turn around , pay the railroad a reduce excursion fare , and pocket the difference . he shrug , there you have it . brilliant . he glance off , see something odd across the yard . two horse , saddle - up , be lead into the garden by a stable boy . schindler ( to ingrid ) Excuse I . schindler get up from the table . scherner , he wife and daughter and son-in - law stare at the horse ; they be beautiful . schindler appear , take the rein from the stable boy , hand one set to the bride and the other to the groom . schindler there 's nothing more sacred than marriage . no happier a occasion than one 's wedding day . I wish you all the best . scherner hail a photographer . as the guy come over with he camera , so do just about everybody else . scherner insist schindler pose with the astonished bride and groom . Big smile . flash . int . storefront - cracow - day a neighborhood place . bread , pastry , couple of table . at one sit owner and a well - dress man in he seventies , Max redlicht . owner I go to the bank , I go in , they tell I my account 's be place in trust . in trust ? what be they talk about , whose trust ? the Germans ' . I look around . now I see that everybody 's argue , they can not get to they money either . max redlicht this be true ? owner I will take you there . Max look at the man not without sympathy . he 's never hear of such a thing . it 's really a bad deal . but then -- max redlicht let I understand . the Nazis have take you money . so because they have do this to you , you expect I to go unpaid . that 's what you be say . the owner of the place just stare at redlicht . max redlicht that make sense to you ? the man do not answer . he watch Max get up and cross to the front door where he say something to two of he guy and leave . the guy come in and start carting out anything of any value : cash register , a chair , a loaf of bread ... ext . cracow STREET - day Max stroll along the sidewalk , browsing in store window . people inside and out nod hello , but they despise he , they fear he . just as he 's pass a synagogue , some man in long overcoat cross the street . einsatzgruppen , they be a elite and wild bunch , one of six special chivalrous duty squad assign to cracow . int . starar boznica synagogue - same time - day the sabbath prayer of a congregation of Orthodox Jews be interrupt by a commotion at the rear of the ancient temple . several non - Orthodox Jews from the street , include Max redlicht , be be herde inside by the einsatz boy . they be make to stand before the ark in two line : Orthodox and non . one of the einsatzgruppen squad remove the parchment torah scroll while another calmly address the assembly : einsatz nco I want you to spit on it . I want you to walk past , spit on it , and stand over there . no one do anything for a moment . the liberal from the street seem to say with they eye , come on , we be all too sophisticated for this ; the other , with the beard and sidelock , silently check with they rabbi . one by one then they file past and spit on the scroll . the last two , the rabbi and Max redlicht hesitate . they exchange a glance . the rabbi finally do it ; the gangster do not . after a long tense silence . max redlicht I have not be to temple must be fifty year . ( to the rabbi ) nor have I be invite . the einsatz nco glance from Max to the rabbi and smile to himself . this be unexpected , this rift . max redlicht ( to the rabbi ) you do not approve of the way I make my live ? I be a bad man , I do bad thing ? Max admit it with a shrug . max redlicht I have do some thing ... but I will not do this . silence . the einsatz nco glance away to the other , amused . einsatz nco what do this mean ? of all of you , there 's only one who have the gut to say no ? one ? and he do not even believe ? ( no one , of course answer he ) I come in here , I ask you to do something no one should ever ask . and you do it ? ( pause ) what will not you do ? nobody answer . he turn to Max . einsatz nco you , sir , I respect . he pull out a revolver and shoot the old gangster in the head . he 's dead before he hit the floor . einsatz nco the rest of you ... ... be beneath he contempt . he turn and walk away . the other einsatz boy pull rifle and revolver from they coat and open fire . ext . cracow - day in black and white and absolute silence , a suitcase throw from a second story window arc slowly through the air . as it hit the pavement , spilling open -- SOUND on -- and , return to color -- thousands of family push barrow through the street of kazimierz , drag mattress over the bridge at podgorze , carry kettle and fur coat and child on a mass force exodus into the ghetto . crowd of pole line the sidewalk like spectator on a parade route . some wave . some take it more soberly , as if sense they may be next . polish girl Goodbye , Jews . ext . ghetto gate - day the little fold table have be drag out and set up again , and at they sit the clerk . Goldberg , of all people , have somehow manage to elevate himself to a station of some authority . armed with something more frightening than a gun -- a clipboard -- he abet the gestapo in they task of decide who pass through the ghetto gate and who detour to the train station . pfefferberg what 's this ? pfefferberg , with he wife mila , at the head of a line that seem to stretch back forever , flick at Goldberg 's od armband with disgust . goldberg ghetto Police . I be a policeman now , can you believe it ? pfefferberg yeah , I can . they consider each other for a long moment before pfefferberg lead he wife past Goldberg and into the ghetto . int . apartment build , ghetto - night dismay by each other ' close proximity , Orthodox and liberal Jews wait to use the floor 's single bathroom . int . ghetto apartment - night from the next apartment come the liturgical solo of a cantor . in this apartment , look like they can not bear much more of it , sit some non - Orthodox businessman , stern and schindler . schindler for each thousand you invest , you take from the load dock five hundred kilo of product a month -- to begin in July and to continue for one year -- after which time , we be even . ( he shrug ) that 's it . he let they think about it , pour a shot of cognac from he flask , offer it to stern , who bring this group together and now sit at schindler 's side . the accountant decline . investor 1 not good enough . schindler not good enough ? look where you be live . look where you have be put . " not good enough . " ( he almost laugh at the squalor ) a couple of month ago , you would be right . not anymore . investor 1 money 's still money . schindler no , it be not , that 's why we be here . schindler light a cigarette and wait for they answer . it do not come . just a silence . which irritate he . schindler do I call this meeting ? you tell Mr. stern you want to speak to I . I be here . now you want to negotiate ? the offer 's withdraw . he cap he flask , pocket it , reach for he top coat . investor 2 how do we know you will do what you say ? schindler because I say I would . what do you want , a contract ? to be file where ? ( he slip into he coat ) I say what I will do , that 's we contract . the investor study he . this be not a manageable german . whether he 's honest or not be impossible to say . they glance to stern do not help they ; he do not know either . the silence in the room be fill by the muffle sing next door . one of the man eventually nod , he 's in . then another . and another . int . factory floor - day a red power button be push , start the motor of a huge metal press . the machine whir , louder , louder . int . upstair office - same time - day schindler , at a wall of a window , be peer down at the lone technician make adjustment to the machine . stern the standard ss rate for jewish skilled labor be seven Marks a day , five for unskill and woman . this be what you pay the economic Office , the laborer themselves receive nothing . pole you pay wage . generally , they get a little more . be you listen ? schindler turn from the wall of glass to face he new accountant . schindler what be that about the ss , the rate , the ... ? stern the jewish worker 's salary , you pay it directly to the ss , not to the worker . he get nothing . schindler but it 's less . it 's less than what I would pay a pole . that 's the point I be try to make . pole cost more . stern hesitates , then nod . the look on schindler 's face say , well , what 's to debate , the answer 's clear to any fool . schindler why should I hire pole ? int . factory floor - day another machine start up , growl louder , louder -- ext . peace square , the ghetto - day to a yellow identity card with a sepia photograph a german clerk attaches a blue sticker , the holy blauschein , proof that the carrier be a essential worker . at other fold table other clerk pass summary judgment on hundred of ghetto dweller stand in long line . teacher I be a teacher . the man try to hand over documentation support the claim along with he kennkarte to a german clerk . clerk not essential work , stand over there . over there , other " non-essential people " be climb onto truck bound for unknown destination . the teacher reluctantly relinquish he place in line . ext . peace square - later - day the teacher at the head of the line again , but this time with stern at he side . teacher I be a metal polisher . he hand over a piece of paper . the clerk take a look , be satisfied with it , brushes glue on the back of a blauschein and stick it to the man 's work card . clerk good . the world 's go mad . int . factory floor - day another machine start up , a lathe . a technician point thing out to the teacher and some other recruit by stern . the motor grind louder , louder . int . apartment - day schindler wander around a large empty apartment . there 's lot of light , glass brick , modern line , window look out on a park . int . the apartment - night the same place full of furniture and people . lot of ss in uniform . wine. Girls . schindler , drink with oberfuhrer scherner , keep glance across the room to a particularly good - look Polish girl with another guy in uniform . scherner I would never ask you for money , you know that . I do not even like talk about it -- money , favor -- I find it very awkward , it make I very uncomfortable -- schindler no , look . it 's the other . they be the one cause this delay . scherner what other ? schindler whoever . they be the one . they would appreciate some kind of gesture from I . scherner think he understand what schindler 's say . just in case he do not -- schindler I should send it to you , though , do not you think ? you can forward it on ? I would be grateful . scherner nod . yes , they understand each other . scherner that would be fine . schindler done . let 's not talk about it anymore , let 's have a good time . int . ss office - day scherner at he desk initial several armament contract . the letter d.e.f. appear on all of they . ext . factory - day Men and pulley hoist a big " F " up the side of the building . down below , schindler watch as the letter be set into place -- d.e.f . int . factory office - day the good-look Polish girl from the party , klonowska , be show to she desk by stern . it 's right outside schindler 's office . this girl have never type in she life . int . factory floor - day flame ignite with a whoosh in one of the huge furnace . the needle on a gauge slowly climb . ext . cracow - day a garage door slide open revealing a gleam black mercede . schindler step past pfefferberg and , move around the car , carefully touch its smooth line . int . factory - day another machine start up . another. another . ext . peace square - day stern with a woman at the head of a line . the clerk affix the all - important blue sticker to she work card . int . factory day - day Three hundred jewish laborer , man and woman , work at the long table , at the press , the latch , the furnace , turn out field kitchenware and mess kit . few glance up from they work at schindler , the big gold party pin stick into he lapel , as he move through the place , he place , he factory , in full operation . he climb the stair to the office where several secretary process armament order . he gesture to stern , at a desk cover with ledger , to join he in he office . int . schindler' office - continuous - day the accountant follow schindler into the office . schindler sit down . schindler go to the wall of window , he favorite place in the world , and look down at all the activity below . he pour two drink from a decanter and , turn back , hold one out to stern . stern , of course , decline . schinder groan . schindler oh , come on . he come over and put the drink in stern 's hand , move behind he desk and sit . schindler my father be fond of say you need three thing in life . a good doctor , a forgive priest and a clever accountant . the first two ... he dismiss they with a shrug ; he 's never have much use for either . but the third -- he raise he glass to the accountant . stern 's glass stay in he lap . schindler ( long sufferingly ) just pretend for Christ 's sake . stern slowly raise he glass . schindler thank you . schindler drink ; stern do not . int . schindler' apartment - morning klonowska , wear a man 's silk robe , traipse past the remain of a party to the front door . open it reveal a nice look , nicely dress woman . klonowska yes ? a series of realization be make by each of they , quickly , silently , end up with klonowska look ill . schindler ( o.s. ) who be it ? int . schindler' apartment - morning schindler set a cup of coffee down in front of he wife . behind he , through a doorway , klonowska can be see hurriedly gather she thing . schindler she 's so embarrassed -- look at she -- emilie begrudge he a glance to the bedroom , catch the girl just as she look up -- embarrassed . schindler you know what , you would like she . emilie oskar , please -- schindler what -- emilie I do not have to like she just because you do . it do not work that way . schindler you would , though . that 's what I be say . his face be complete innocence . it 's the first thing she fall in love with ; and perhaps the thing that keep she from kill he now . klonowska emerge from the bedroom thoroughly self - conscious . klonowska Goodbye . it be a pleasure meeting you . she shake emilie 's limp hand . schindler see she to the door , let she out and return to the table , smile to himself . emilie 's glance around at the place . emilie you have do well here . he nod ; he 's proud of it . he study she . schindler you look great . ext . schindler' apartment build - night they emerge from the building in formal clothes , both of they look great . it 's wet and slick ; the doorman offer emilie he arm . doorman careful of the pavement -- schindler -- Mrs. schindler . the doorman shoot a glance to schindler that ask , clearly , really ? schindler open the passenger door of the mercede for he wife , and the doorman help she in . int . restaurant - night a nice place . " no Jews or dog allow . " the maitre would welcome the couple warmly , shake schindler 's hand . nodding to he date -- schindler Mrs. schindler . the maitre would try to bury he surprise . he 's almost successful . int . restaurant - later - night no fewer than four waiter attend they -- refilling a glass , slide pastry onto china , lighting schindler 's cigarette , rake crumb from the table with little comb . emilie it 's not a charade , all this ? schindler a charade ? how could it be a charade ? she do not know , but she do know he . and all this sign of apparent success just do not fit he profile . schindler let she in on a discovery . schindler there 's no way I could have know this before , but there be always something miss . in every business I try , I see now it be not I that be fail , it be this thing , this miss thing . even if I would know what it be , there 's nothing I could have do about it , because you can not create this sort of thing . and it make all the difference in the world between success and failure . he wait for she to guess what the thing be . his look say , it 's so simple , how can you not know ? emilie luck . schindler War . int . nightclub - night " gloomy Sunday " from a combo on a stage . schindler and emilie dance . press against she -- both have have a few -- he can feel she laugh to herself . schindler what ? emilie I feel like a old - fashioned couple . it feel good . he smile , even as he eye roam the room and find and meet the eye of a german girl dance with another man . int . schindler' apartment - later - night schindler and emilie loung in bed , champagne bottle on the nightstand . Long silence before -- emilie should I stay ? schindler ( pause ) it 's a beautiful city . that 's not the answer she 's look for and he know it . emilie should I stay ? schindler ( pause ) it 's up to you . that 's not it either . emilie no , it 's up to you . schindler stare out at the light of the city . they look like jewel . emilie promise I no doorman or maitre would will presume I be anyone other than Mrs. schindler ... and I will stay . he promise she nothing . ext . train station - day emilie wave goodbye to he from a first - class compartment window . down on the platform , he wave goodbye to she . as the train pull away , he turn away , and the platform of the next track be reveal -- soldier and clerk supervise the board of hundred of people onto another train -- the image turn black and white . clerk you luggage will follow you . make sure it 's clearly label . leave you luggage on the platform . ext . d.e.f. loading dock - day as worker load crate of enamelware onto truck -- back to color -- stern and schindler and the dock foreman confer over a invoice . more to stern -- foreman every other time it 's be all right . this time when I weigh the truck , I see he 's heavy , he 's load too much . I point this out to he , I tell he to wait , he tell I he 's get a new arrangement with Mr. schindler -- ( to schindler ) -- that you know all about it and it 's okay with you . schindler it 's " okay " with I ? on the surface , schindler remain calm ; underneath , he 's livid . clearly it 's not " okay " with he . stern how heavy be he ? foreman not that much , just too much for it to be a mistake -- 200 kilo . stern and schindler exchange a glance . then -- schindler ( pause ) you be sure . the foreman nod . int . ghetto storefront - day pfefferberg and schindler bang in through the front door , startling a woman at a desk . woman at desk can I help you ? they move past she without a word and into the back of the place , into a storeroom . they stride past long rack full of enamelware and other goods . a man glance up , see they come . he 's one of schindler 's investor , the one who question the german 's word . the man 's teenage son rush to they father 's defense , but pfefferberg grab he and lock a arm tightly around he neck . silence . then , calmly -- schindler if you or anyone act as a agent for you come to my factory again , I will have you arrest . investor it be a mistake . schindler it be a mistake ? what be a mistake ? how do you know what I be talk about ? investor all right , it be not a mistake , but it be one time . schindler we have a deal , you break it . one phone call and you whole family be dead . he turn and walk away . pfefferberg let the guy go and follow . the investor 's son help they father up off the floor . gasp , he yell . investor I give you money . -- but schindler and pfefferberg be already go , come through the front office and out the front door -- ext . storefront - continuous - day -- to the street . pfefferberg look a little shake from the experience . schindler straighten he friend 's clothes . schindler how you feel , all right ? pfefferberg yeah . schindler what 's the matter , everything all right at home ? ( pfefferberg nod ) mila 's okay ? pfefferberg she 's good . well , then , schindler can not imagine what could be wrong . he pat pfefferberg on the shoulder and lead he away . schindler good . int . factory floor - day the long table accommodate most of worker . the rest eat they lunch on the floor . Soup and bread . int . schindler' office - same time - day a elegant place set for one . meat , vegetable , glass of wine , all untouched . schindler leaf through page of a report stern have prepare for he . schindler I could try to read this or I could eat my lunch while it 's till hot . we be do well ? stern yes . schindler better this month than last ? stern yes . schindler any reason to think next month will be worse ? stern the war could end . no chance of that . satisfied , schindler return the report to he accountant and start to eat . stern know he be excuse , but look like he want to say something more ; he just do not know how to say it . schindler ( impatient ) what ? stern ( pause ) there 's a machinist outside who would like to thank you personally for give he a job . schindler give he accountant a long -suffer look . stern he ask every day . it will just take a minute . he 's very grateful . schindler 's silence say , be this really necessary ? stern pretend it 's a tacit okay , go to the door and poke he head out . stern Mr. lowenstein ? a old man with one arm appear in the doorway and schindler glance to the ceiling , to heaven . as the man slowly make he way into the room , schindler see the bruise on he face . and when he speak , only half he mouth move ; the other half be paralyze . lowenstein I want to thank you , sir , for give I the opportunity to work . schindler you be welcome , I be sure you be do a great job . schindler shake the man 's hand perfunctorily and tell stern with a look , okay , that 's enough , get he out of here . lowenstein the ss beat I up . they would have kill I , but I be essential to the war effort , thanks to you . schindler that 's great . lowenstein I work hard for you . I will continue to work hard for you . schindler that 's great , thanks . lowenstein God bless you , sir . schindler yeah , okay . lowenstein you be a good man . schindler be die , and tell stern with he eye , get this guy out of here . stern take the man 's arm . stern okay , Mr. lowenstein . lowenstein he save my life . stern yes , he do . lowenstein God bless he . stern yes . they disappear out the door . schindler sit down to he meal . and try to eat it . ext . factory - day stern and schindler emerge from the rear of the factory . the mercede be wait , the back door hold open by a driver . climb in -- schindler do not ever do that to I again . stern do what ? stern know what he mean . and schindler know he know . schindler Close the door . the driver close the door . ext . ghetto gate - day snow on the ground and more come down . a hundred of schindler 's worker march past the ghetto gate , as be the custom , under armed guard . turn onto Zablocie Street , they be halt by a ss unit stand around some truck . ext . zablocie STREET - day shovel scraping at snow . the marcher work to clear it from the street . a dialog between one of the guard and a ss officer be interrupt by a shot -- and the face of the one - armed machinist fall into the frame . int . office , ss headquarters - day herman toffel , a ss contact of schindler 's who he actually like , sit behind he desk . toffel it 's get nothing to do with reality , oskar , I know it and you know it , it 's a matter of national priority to this guy . it 's get a ritual significance to they , Jews shoveling snow . schindler I lose a day of production . I lose a worker . I expect to be compensate . toffel file a grievance with the economic Office , it 's you right . schindler would it do any good ? toffel no . schindler know it 's not toffel 's fault , but the whole situation be madden to he . he shake he head in disgust . toffel I think you be go to have to put up with a lot of snow shoveling yet . schindler get up , shake toffel 's hand , turn to leave . toffel a one -arm machinist , oskar ? schindler ( right back ) he be a metal press operator , quite skilled . toffel nod , smile . ext . field - day from a distance , stern and schindler slowly walk a wasteland that lie between the rear of def and two other factory -- a radiator work and a box plant . stern 's do all the talk , in he usual quiet but persuasive manner . every so often , schindler , glance from he own factory to the other , nod . int . schindler' office - day the party pin the two other german businessman wear be nothing compare to the elaborate thing in schindler 's lapel . he sit at he desk sip cognac , a large portrait of Hitler hang prominently on the wall behind he . schindler unlike you radiator -- and you box -- my product be not for sale on the open market . this company have only one client , the german Army . and lately I have be have trouble fulfil my obligation to my client . with you help , I hope the problem can be solve . the problem , simply , be space . stern , who have be keep a low profile , hand the gentleman each a set of document . schindler I would like you to consider a proposal which I think you will find equitable . I would like you to think about it and get back to I as soon as -- kuhnpast Excuse I -- do you really think this be appropriate ? the man glance to stern , and back to schindler , he look say , this be wrong , have a Jew present while we discuss business . if schindler catch he meaning , he do not admit it . kuhnpast almost sigh . kuhnpast I can appreciate you problem . if I have any space I could lease you , I would . I do not . I be sorry . hohne I neither , sorry . schindler I do not want to lease you facility , I want to buy they . I be prepare to offer you fair market value . and to let you stay on , if you want , as supervisor . ( pause ) on salary . there 's a long stunne silence . the Germans can not believe it . after the initial shock wear off , kuhnpast have to laugh . kuhnpast you have get to be kid . nobody be kid . kuhnpast ( pause ) thanks for the drink . he set it down , get up . hohne get up . they return the document to stern and turn to leave . they be not quite out the door when schindler wonder out loud to stern : schindler you try to be fair to people , they walk out the door ; I have never understand that . what 's next ? stern Christmas present . schindler ah , yes . the businessman slow , but do not look back into the room . ext . scherner' residence - cracow - morning pfefferberg wipe a smudge from the hood of a otherwise pristine BMW cabriolet . as scherner and he wife emerge from they house in robe , scherner whisper to himself -- scherner oskar ... ext . kuhnpast radiator factory - day worker high on the side of the building toss down the letter of the radiator sign as other hoist up a big " D . " under armed guard , other unload a metal press machine from a truck . int . radiator factory / def annex - day technician make adjustment to press already in place . other test the new fire oven . kuhnpast be be forcibly remove from the premise . int . ghetto employment office - day crowd beyond belief , the place be like a post office go mad . stern , move along one of the impossibly crowded line , pause to speak with a elderly couple . ext . peace square - day a hand slap a blue sticker on a work card . slap , another . and another . and another . int . d.e.f. front office - day Christmas decoration . klonowska at she desk , she eye close tight . schindler all right . she open she eye and smile . schindler be hold a poodle in he arm . she come around to kiss he . he set the dog on the desk . stern , across the room , watch blank - face . gestapo ( o.s. ) oskar schindler ? schindler , stern and klonowska turn to the voice . two gestapo man have enter unannounced . gestapo we have a warrant to take you company 's business record with we . and another to take you . schindler stare at they in disbelief . stern quietly slip one of the ledger on he desk into a drawer . schindler be I permit to have my secretary cancel my appointment for the day ? he do not wait for they approval . he scribbles down some name -- toffel , czurda , reeder , scherner . underline scherner , he glance to klonowska . she understand . int . office , ss headquarters , cracow - day a humorless middle - level bureaucrat sit behind a desk and d.e.f. 's ledger and cashbook . gestapo clerk you live very well . the man slowly shake he head ' no ' to schindler 's offer of a cigarette . schindler tamp it against the crystal of he gold watch . gestapo clerk this standard of live come entirely from legitimate source , I take it ? schindler light the cigarette and drag on it , all but ignore the man . gestapo clerk as a ss supplier , you have a moral obligation to desist from blackmarket dealing . you be in business to support the war effort , not to fatten -- schindler ( interrupt ) you know ? when my friend ask , I would love to be able to tell they you treat I with the utmost courtesy and respect . the quiet matter - of - fact tone , more than the comment itself , throw the bureaucrat off he rhythm . his eye narrow slightly . there 's a long silence . int . hallway / room - ss headquarters - day the two who arrest he lead schindler down a long hallway . they reach a door , have he step inside and close the door after he . int . ss " cell " - evening schindler knock on the inside of the door . a waffen ss man open it . the " prisoner " peel several bill from a thick wad . schindler chance of get a bottle of vodka pretty good ? he hand the young guard five time the go price . waffen guard yes , sir . the guard turn to leave . schindler wait a minute . he peel off several more bill and hand they over . schindler pajamas . int . ss " cell " - morning perched on the side of the bed in pajamas , schindler work on a breakfast of herring and egg , cheese , roll and coffee . someone have also bring he a newspaper . there 's a apologetic knock on the door before it open . guard I be sorry to disturb you , sir . whenever you be ready , you be free to leave . int . foyer , ss headquarters - morning schindler , the gestapo clerk and one of the arrest officer cross the foyer . gestapo clerk I would advise you not to get too comfortable . sooner or later , law prevail . no matter who you friend be . schindler ignore the man completely . reaching the front door , the clerk turn over the d.e.f. record to they owner and offer he hand . schindler let it hang there . schindler you expect I to walk home , or what ? gestapo clerk ( tightly ) bring a car around for Mr. schindler . ext . d.e.f. factory - day a gestapo limousine pull in through the gate of the factory , park near the load dock . the driver , the same ss officer , wait for schindler to climb out , but he do not ; he wait for the ss man to come around and open the door for he . schindler if you would return the ledger to my office I would appreciate it . there be no less than forty able-body jewish laborer work on the dock , any one of which would be better suite to the task . the gestapo man call to one of they . schindler Excuse I -- hey -- ( the guy turn ) they be work . the guy just stare . finally he head off with the ledger . the poodle bound out past he and over to schindler . he give the dog a pat on the head . ext . schindler' build - evening elegantly dress for a night out , schindler and klonowska emerge from the building . as they be escort to the wait car , schindler hesitates . a nervous figure in the shadow of a alcove be gesture to he , beckone he . schindler excuse himself . klonowska watch as he join the man in the alcove . they whisper conversation be over quickly and the man hurry off . ext . prokocim depot - cracow - later - night from the locomotive , look back , the string of splatter livestock carriage stretch into darkness . there 's a lot of activity on the platform . Guards mill . handcards pile with luggage trundle by . people hand up child to other already in the car and climb aboard after they . the clerk be out in full force with they list and clipboard , remind the traveler to label they suitcase . climb from he mercede , schindler stare . he 's hear of this , but actually see the juxtaposition -- human and cattle car -- this be something else . recovering , he tell klonowska to stay in the car and , move along the side of the train , call stern 's name to the face peer out from behind the slat and barb wire . a enormous list of name -- -- several page - worth on a clipboard ; a gestapo clerk methodically leaf through they . schindler ( o.s. ) he 's essential . without he , everything come to a grind halt . if that happen -- clerk itzhak stern ? ( schindler nod ) he 's on the list . schindler he be . the clerk show he the list , point out the name to he . schindler well , let 's find he . clerk he 's on the list . if he be a essential worker , he would not be on the list . he 's on the list . you can not have he . schindler I be talk to a clerk . schindler pull out a small notepad and drop he voice to a hard murmur , the growl of a reasonable man who be not ready -- yet -- to bring out he heavy gun : schindler what 's you name ? clerk Sir , the list be correct . schindler I do not ask you about the list , I ask you you name . clerk klaus tauber . as schindler write it down , the clerk have second thought and call to a superior , a ss sergeant , who come over . clerk the gentleman think a mistake 's be make . schindler my plant manager be somewhere on this train . if it leave with he on it , it will disrupt production and the armament board will want to know why . the sergeant take a good hard look at the clothes , at the pin , at the man wear they . sergeant ( to the clerk ) be he on the list ? clerk yes , sir . sergeant ( to schindler ) the list be correct , sir . there 's nothing I can do . schindler May as well get you name while you be here . sergeant my name ? my name be kunder . sergeant kunder . what 's yours ? schindler schindler . the sergeant take out a pad . now all three of they have list . he jot down schindler 's name . schindler jot down he and flip the pad close . schindler sergeant , Mr. tauber , thank you very much . I think I can guarantee you you will both be in Southern Russia before the end of the month . good evening . he walk away , back toward he car . the clerk and sergeant smile . but slowly , slowly , the smile sour at the possibility that this man calmly walk away from they could somehow arrange such a fate ... all three of they -- -- schindler , the clerk and the sergeant -- stride along the side of the car . two of they be call out loudly -- clerk &amp ; sergeant stern ! itzhak stern ! soon it seem as if everybody except schindler be yell out the name . as they reach the last few car , the accountant 's face appear through the slat . schindler there he be . sergeant open it . Guards yank at a lever , slide the gate open . stern climb down . the clerk draw a line through he name on the list and hand the clipboard to schindler . clerk initial it , please . ( schindler initial the change ) and this ... as schindler sign three or four form , the guard slide the carriage gate close . that leave inside seem grateful for the extra space . clerk it make no difference to we , you understand -- this one , that one . it 's the inconvenience to the list . it 's the paperwork . schindler return the clipboard . the sergeant motion to another who motion to the engineer . as the train pull out , stern try to keep up with schindler who 's stride away . stern I somehow leave my work card at home . I try to tell they it be a mistake , but they -- schindler silence he with a look . he 's livid . stern glance down at the ground . stern I be sorry . it be stupid . ( contrite ) thank you . schindler turn away and head for the car . stern hurry after he . they pass a area where all the luggage , carefully tag , have be leave -- the image become black and white . ext . / int . mechanic garage - night mechanic ' hood -lamp throw down pool of light through which I wheel handcart pile high with suitcase , briefcase , steamer trunk -- black and white . move along with one of the handcart into a huge garage past rack of clothes , each item tag , past musical instrument , furniture , painting , against one wall -- child 's toy , sort by size . the cart stop . a valise be hand to someone who dump and sort the content on a greasy table . the jewelry be take to another area , to a pit , one of two deep lubrication bay fill with watch , bracelet , necklace , candelabra , passover platter , gold in one , silver the other , and toss in . at workbench , four jewish jeweler under ss guard sift and sort and weigh and grade diamond , pearl , pendant , brooches child 's ring -- falter only once , when a uniform figure upend a box , spilling out gold tooth smear with blood -- the image saturate with color . ext . countryside - day fracture gravestone like break tooth jut from the earth of a neglect jewish cemetery outside of town . down the road that run alongside it come a german staff car . int . staff car - moving - day in the backseat , untersturmfuhrer amon goeth pull on a flask of schnapp . his age and build be about that of schindler 's ; he face open and pleasant . goeth make a nice driveway . the other ss officer in the car -- knude , haase and hujar -- be not sure what he mean . he 's peer out the window at the tombstone . ext . ghetto - day the staff car pass through the portal of the ghetto and down the trolley line of lwowska Street . int . staff car - moving - day as the car slowly cruise through the ghetto , knude , like a tour guide , brief the new man , goeth -- knude this street divide the ghetto just about in half . on the right -- ghetto a : civil employee , industry worker , so on . on the leave , ghetto B : surplus labor , the elderly mostly . which be where you will probably want to start . the look goeth give knude tell he to refrain , if he would , from offer tactical opinion . knude of course that 's entirely up to you . ext . plaszow forced labor site - day outside of town , a previously abandon limestone quarry lie nestle between two hill . the stone and brick building look like they have be here forever ; the wooden structure , that that be up , be build of freshly - cut lumber . there 's a great deal of activity . New construction and renovation -- foundation be pour , rail track be laid , fence and watchtower go up , heavy segment of hut -- wall panel , eave section -- be drag uphill by team of bescarve woman like some ancient egyptian industry . goeth survey the site from a knoll , clearly pleased with it . but then he 's distract by voice -- a man 's , a woman 's -- argue down where some barrack be be erect . the woman break off the dialog with a disgust wave of she hand and stalk back to a half - finish barrack . the man , one from the car , hujar , see goeth , knude and haase come down the hill and move to meet they . hujar she say the foundation be pour wrong , she 's get to take it down . I tell she it 's a barrack , not a fuck hotel , fuck Jew engineer . goeth watch the woman move around the shell of the building , point , direct , tell the worker to take it all down . he go to take a closer look . she come over . engineer the entire foundation have to be dig up and re-pour . if it be not , the thing will collapse before it 's even complete . goeth consider the foundation as if he know about such thing . he nod pensively . then turn to hujar . goeth ( calmly ) shoot she . it 's hard to tell which be more stunne by the order , the woman or hujar . both stare at goeth in disbelief . he give she the reason along with a shrug -- goeth you argue with my man . ( to hujar ) shoot she . hujar unholster he pistol but hold it limply at he side . the worker become aware of what 's happen and still they hammer . hujar Sir ... goeth groan and take the gun from he and put it to the woman 's head . calmly to she -- goeth I be sure you be right . he fire . she crumple to the ground . he return the gun to he stunne inferior and , gesture down at the body , address the worker . goeth that 's somebody who know what they be do . that 's somebody I need . ( pause ) take it down , re-pour it , rebuild it , like she say . he turn and walk away . ext . stable - dawn stable boy lead two horse into the pre-dawn light . the animal ' hoof shatter tuft of weed like finger of glass ; fog plume from they nostril . ext . park , cracow - dawn in addition to the exhaust from idling truck and the curling smoke from the sonderkommando unit ' cigarettes , there be excitement in the chilly pre-dawn air . ext . ghetto - dawn a empty street . rooftop against a lighten sky . a few of the window in the building be light , glow amber ; the majority be still dark . ext . stable - dawn the stable boy hoist saddle onto the horse , cinch the strap . lean against the hood of the mercede , schindler and ingrid , in long hack jacket , riding breech and boot , share cognac from he flask . ext . park , cracow - dawn untersturmfuhrer goeth , soon to be commandant goeth , stand before the assemble troops with a flask of cognac in he hand . he look out over they proudly ; they be good boy , this , the best . he address they -- goeth today be history . the young will ask with wonder about this day . today be history and you be a part of it . ext . peace square , ghetto - dawn a fourteen year old kid hurry across to the square pull on he o.d. armband . several other of the jewish ghetto Police , golberg among they , be already assemble there . the clerk , the list maker , scissor open they fold table , set out they ink pad and stamp . goeth ( v.o. ) when , elsewhere , they be foot the blame for the Black death , kazimierz the great , so call , tell the Jews they could come to cracow . they come . ext . stable - dawn ingrid climb onto one of the horse , schindler onto the other . as the animal gallop away with they rider toward a wood , the stable boy wave . goeth ( v.o. ) they trundle they belonging into this city , they settle , they take hold , they prosper . ext . park , cracow - dawn the fresh young face of the sonderkommandos , listen to they commander . goeth for six century , there have be a jewish cracow . ext . wood - dawn the horse panting hard . they hoof hammer at the ground , climb a hill . Riding boot kick at they flank . ext . park , cracow - dawn the boot of amon goeth slowly pace . he stop . tight on he face , smile pleasantly . goeth by this weekend , that six century , they be a rumor . they never happen . today be history . ext . hilltop clearing - dawn the gallop horse break through to a clear high on a hill . the rider pull in the rein and the hoof rip at the earth . schindler smile at the view , the beauty of it with the sun just come up . from here , all of cracow can be see in strike relief , like a model of a town . he can see the vistula , the river that separate the ghetto from kazimierz ; wawel Castle , from where the National Socialist Party 's han Frank rule the government General of Poland ; beyond it , the center of town . he begin to notice refinement : the wall that define the ghetto ; peace Square , the assembly of man and boy . he notice a line of truck roll east across the kosciuscko Bridge , and another across the bridge at podgorze , a third along Zablocie Street , all angle in on the ghetto like spoke to a hub . ext . ghetto - day the wheel of the last truck clear the portal at lwowska Street and the sonderkommandos jump down . int . apartment building - dawn families be route from they apartment . a appeal to be allow to pack be answer with a rifle butt ; a unannounced move to a desk drawer be counter with a shot . ext . street , ghetto - dawn spill out of the building , they be herde into line without regard to family consideration ; some other unfathomable system be at work here . the wail protest of a woman to join she husband 's line be abruptly cut off by a short burst of gunfire . ext . hilltop - dawn from here , the action down below seem stage , unreal ; the rifle burst no louder than cap . dismount , schindler move closer to the edge of the hill , curious . his attention be draw to a small distant figure , all in red , at the rear of one of the many column . ext . STREET - dawn small red shoe against a forest of gleam black boot . a waffen ss man occasionally correct the little girl 's drift , fraternally it seem , nudging she gently back in line with the barrel of he rifle . a volley of shot echoe from up the street . ext . hilltop - dawn schindler watch as the girl slowly wander away unnotice by the ss . against the gray of the building and street she 's like a move red target . ext . STREET - dawn a truck thunder down the street obscure she for a moment . then she 's move past a pile of body , old people execute in the street . ext . hilltop - dawn schindler watch : she 's so conspicuous , yet she keep move -- past crowd , past dog , past truck -- as though she be invisible . ext . STREET - dawn patient in white gowns , and doctor and nurse in white , be herde out the door of a convalescent hospital . the small figure in red move past they . Shots explode behind she . ext . hilltop - dawn short burst of light flash throughout the ghetto like star . schindler , fixate on the figure in red , lose sight of she as she turn a corner . int . apartment build - dawn she climb the stair . the building be empty . she step inside a apartment and move through it . it 's be ransacke . as she crawl under the bed , the scene drain of color . the gunfire outside sound like firecracker . ext . hilltop - night night silence . schindler and ingrid be go . below , the ghetto lie like a void within the city , its perimeter and interior clearly distinguishable by darkness . outside it , the light of the rest of cracow glimmer . int . d.e.f. factory - night tables and tool and enamelware scrap . the metal press and lathes , still . the fire oven , cold . the gauge at zero . against the wall of window overlook the empty factory floor stand a figure , schindler , in silhouette against the glass , black against white , not move , just stare down . ext . forest - plaszow - morning bloody wheelbarrows , stark against the tree line of a forest above the complete force labor camp , plaszow . ext . plaszow forced labor camp - morning name on list . name call out . tight on face . Goldberg at one of several fold table . the gangsterturn -- ghetto - cop be now the Lord of list inside plaszow . he and other listmaker call out name , accounting for that thousand who survive the liquidation of the ghetto and now stand before they in long straight row . int . goeth' bedroom , plaszow - morning amon goeth stir , wake , glance at the woman asleep beside he . hungover , he drag himself slowly out of bed . ext . goeth' balcony - moment later - morning goeth step out onto the balcony in he undershirt and short and peer out across the labor camp , he labor camp , he kingdom . satisfied with it , even amaze , he 's reminiscent of schindler look down on he kingdom , he factory , as he love to do , from he wall of glass . life be great . goeth reach for a rifle . ext . plaszow same time - morning worker load quarry rock onto trolley under ukrainian guard and a low morning sun . every so often , one glance with anticipation to the balcony of goeth 's " villa " -- which be in fact nothing more than a two -story stone house perch on a slight rise in the dry landscape . ext . goeth' balcony - continued - morning the butt of the rifle against he shoulder , goeth aim down at the quarry -- at this worker , at that one -- indiscriminately , inscrutably . he fire a shot and a distant figure fall . int . goeth' bedroom - same time - morning the woman in bed groan at the echoing shot . she 's use to it but she still hate it ; it 's such a awful way to be wake . majola ( mutter ) amon ... Christ ... she bury she head under a pillow . goeth reappear . he pad to he bathroom , go inside and urinate . ext . plaszow - day schindler 's mercede wind through the camp , past warehouse and workshop , truck full of fur and furniture , work detail , barrack , guard block . a man stand alone wear a sign around he neck -- " I be a potato thief . " ext . goeth' villa - plaszow - day the mercede pull in next to some other nice car park on a driveway make of tombstone from the jewish cemetery . ext . patio , goeth' villa - day a patio table set with crystal , china , silver . goeth and hujar be there , in press ss uniform , and two industrialist , bosch and madritsch . one chair be empty . hujar you machinery will be move and install by the ss at no cost to you . you will pay no rent , no maintenance -- hujar glance off , interrupt by schindler 's arrival . although he 's never be here , the industrialist come in like he own the place . all but goeth rise . schindler no , no , come on , sit -- he work he way around the table , patting bosch and madritsch on the back -- he know they -- shaking hujar 's hand , who he do not know . he reach goeth . schindler how you do ? goeth take a good long look at the handsomely dress entrepreneur and allow he to shake he hand . goeth we start without you . schindler good . schindler take a seat , shake a napkin onto he lap , nod to the servant hold out a bottle of champagne to he . schindler please . goeth watch he . the other watch goeth . schindler I miss anything important ? hujar I be explain to Mr. bosch and Mr. madritsch some of the benefit of move they factory into plaszow . schindler oh , good , yeah . schindler clearly do not care , but nod as though he do . he drink . goeth just watch he with what seem to be grow amusement . he nod to hujar to continue . hujar since you labor be house on -site , it 's available to you at all time . you can work they all night if you want . you factory policy , whatever they have be in the past , they will continue to be , they will be respected -- schindler laugh out loud , cut hujar off . hujar glance over to goeth nonpluss . schindler I be sorry . he 's not sorry at all , and start in on the plate of food that 's set down in front of he . goeth you know , they tell I you be go to be trouble -- czurda and scherner . schindler you be kid . goeth slowly shake he head no ... then smile . goeth he look great , though , do not he ? I have to know -- where do you get a suit like that ? what be that , silk ? ( schindler nod ) it 's great . schindler I would say I would get you one but the guy who make it , he 's probably dead , I do not know . he shrug like , that be the break , too bad . goeth just smile . the other watch the two of they , unsure how they be suppose to react . int . goeth' office - plaszow - later - day the other have go . it 's just goeth and schindler now . goeth pour glass of cognac . goeth something wonderful 's happen , do you know what it be ? without plan it , we have reach that happy point in we career where duty and financial opportunity meet . schindler nod pensively , perhaps in agreement , perhaps at some other think . there 's a silence , break finally by -- schindler I go to work the other day , there 's nobody there . nobody tell I about this , I have to find out , I have to go in , everybody 's go -- goeth they be not go , they be here . schindler they be mine ! his voice echoe into silence . a acquiescent shrug from goeth finally . and a nod ; schindler 's right . schindler every day that go by , I be lose money . every worker that be shot , cost I money -- I have to get somebody else , I have to train they -- goeth we be go to be make so much money , none of this be go to matter -- schindler ( cut he off ) it 's bad business . goeth ( shrug ) some of the boy go crazy , what be you go to do ? you be right , it 's bad business , but it 's over with , it 's do . ( pause ) occasionally , sure , okay , you get to make a example . but that 's good business . schindler pour himself another shot from the bottle , nurse it . he 's in a foul mood . they study each other , try to determine perhaps who 's more powerful . eventually -- goeth scherner tell I something else about you . schindler yeah , what 's that ? goeth that you know the meaning of the word gratitude . that it 's not some vague thing with you like with some guy . schindler true . goeth try to put the situation in perspective : goeth you want to stay where you be . you get thing go on the side , thing be good , you do not want anybody tell you what to do -- I can understand all that . ( pause ) what you want be you own sub-camp . schindler admit it by not disagreeing . goeth think about it , nod to himself again , then frown . goeth do you have any idea what 's involved ? the paperwork alone ? forget you get to build it all , get the fuck permit , that 's enough to drive you crazy . then the engineer show up . they stand around and they argue about drainage -- I be tell you , you will want to shoot somebody , I have be through it , I know . schindler well , you have be through it . you know . you could make thing easier for I . goeth mull it over , he shrug say " maybe , maybe not . " a silence before -- schindler I would be grateful . there 's the word goeth be wait to hear . ext . d.e.f. subcamp site - day a ss surveyor , with even pace , measure a distance of the bare field adjacent to the factory . he stick a little flag into the ground . ext . d.e.f. subcamp site - day a watchtower , half - erect , the little flag still in the ground . laborer hammer at it while other roll out barb wire fencing . a surveyor supervise the placement of a post and carefully measure its height ; it have to be nine foot , exactly . at a fold table in the middle of the field , schindler sign check make out to the construction Office , plaszow -- requisition more lumber , cement and hardware . ext . construction office , plaszow - day plaszow prisoner load the requisition building supplies -- the lumber , cement and hardware -- onto truck . ext / int . warehouse , cracow - day the truck park not at schindler 's sub-camp , but at the load dock of goeth 's private warehouse in cracow . Inside the building can be glimpse all kind of plaszow goods : clothes , food , construction equipment , furniture . checkbook laid out on the hood of he mercede , schindler pay for the request material a second time -- this time with a check make out to amon goeth personally -- and hand it over to he bagman , hujar . ext . d.e.f. subcamp field - day some ss architect groan over a set of blueprint . schindler and a ss officer walk by . ss officer you have the pole beat the czech , you have the czech beat the pole , that way everybody stay in line . schindler all I have be Jews . he shrug , too bad , what be you go to do ? the ss guy have to think . yeah , that 's a problem . two huge leash dog yank another ss man across they path . ext . d.e.f . - day as five hundred plaszow prisoner be march back onto the grounds of d.e.f. , any hope they may have have of a more lenient environment be quickly dash . the place -- complete -- look like a fortress : barb - wire , tower , ss guard and dog . int . d.e.f. factory - day where once they glimpse the not too threaten figure of oskar schindler strolling through the factory , the worker who dare glance up now find armed guard move past . and further up , behind the wall of window , schindler move around , entertaining ss officer . int . goeth' villa - night the rosner brother in evening clothes , Leo on accordion , Henry on violin , play a strauss melody , try to keep it mute , inoffensive . few of the guest pay attention , which be fine with they . a ss officer chat with schindler . leo JOHN -- she 's seventy year old , she 's be there forever -- they bomb she house . everything 's go . the furniture , everything . schindler ( well aware the man be lie ) thank God she be not there . schindler , with yet another girl on he arm , endure the officer 's lie while sweeping the room with he eye . leo JOHN I be think maybe you could help she out . some plate and mug , some stew pot , I do not know . say half a gross of everything ? schindler look at he for the first time , knowingly . schindler she run a orphanage , you aunt ? leo JOHN she 's old . what she can not use maybe she can sell . schindler 's girl excuse herself to get a drink . schindler you want it send directly to she or through you ? leo JOHN through I , I think . I would like to enclose a card . schindler nod , done . both watch he date across the room get a drink . as usual , she 's the best - look on there . leo JOHN you wife must be a saint . whatever tolerance schindler 's have up to this point with John leave he face ; the look he give he now be pure contempt . schindler she be . int . goeth' villa - later - night goeth 's girl tonight , a pole , eighteen , nineteen , place a hand on schindler 's sleeve . they're at the important end of the large table with goeth , along with czurda and Leo John and they girlfriend . goeth' girl you be not a soldier ? schindler no , dear . czurda there 's a picture . private schindler ? blanket around he shoulder over in kharkov ? everyone laugh . goeth happen to what 's he name -- up in Warsaw -- and he be bigger than you , oskar . czurda toebben . goeth happen to toebben . almost . himmler go up to Warsaw , tell the armament guy , " get the fuck Jews out of toebben ' factory and put toebben in the army , " and -- " and send he to the Front . " I mean , the Front . everybody laugh . goeth it 's true . never happen in cracow , though , we all love you too much . schindler I pay you too much . another round of laugh , only this time it 's force . everybody know it 's true , but you do not say it out loud , and schindler know better . goeth give he a look ; they will talk later . ext . goeth' villa - later - night goeth find schindler alone outside smoking a cigarette . schindler acknowledge he , but that 's about it . finally -- schindler you hold back stern . you hold back the one man most important to my business . goeth he 's important to my business . schindler what do you want for he , I will give it to you . goeth I want he . ( turn back ) come on , let 's go inside , let 's have a good time . goeth head back inside . schindler stay outside , finish he cigarette . ext . plaszow - later - night a fold table outside the prisoner ' barrack . at it , play card , two night sentries . a figure appear out of the darkness . schindler . he set down on the table a fifth of vodka . ext . barracks - later - night stern , summon from he barrack , watch as schindler dig through he coat pocket . nearby , at the table , drink now , the sentries . from the hill , the villa , the rosner ' music , faint , can be hear . schindler here . he discreetly hand over to the accountant some cigar scavenge from the party . from another pocket , he retrieve and hand over some tin of food -- all valuable commodity . from another pocket , perhaps not so valuable , but then who know , a gold lighter . regard this last item -- schindler this , I do not know , maybe you can trade it for something . stern thank you . schindler shrug , it 's the least I can do . the two stand around a moment more before schindler shrug again , sorry I can not do more . he reach out , pat stern on the shoulder , and , turn to leave . schindler I get to go , I will see you . stern oskar -- schindler come back , but , out of embarrassment or -- maybe he want to get back to the party -- wait with some impatience for stern to tell whatever it be he want to tell he . lower he voice -- stern there 's a guy . this thing happen . goeth come into the metalwork -- CUT to : int . metalwork - plaszow - day goeth move through the crowded metalwork like a goodnnnature foreman , nodd to this worker , wishing that one a good morning . he seem satisfied , even pleased , with the level of production . Goldberg be with he . they reach a particular bench , a particular worker , and goeth smile pleasantly . goeth what be you make ? not dare to look up , all the worker see of goeth be the starch cuff of he shirt . levartov hinge , sir . the rabbi-turned - metalworker gesture with he head to a pile of hinge on the floor . goeth nod . and in a tone more like a friend than anything else -- goeth I get some worker come in tomorrow ... where the hell they from again ? goldberg Yugoslavia . goeth Yugoslavia . I get to make room . he shrug apologetically and pull out a pocket watch . goeth make I a hinge . as goeth time he , rabbi levartov work at make a hinge as though he life depend on it -- which it do -- cut the piece , wrenching they together , smoothing the edge , all the while keep count on he head of the second tick away . he finish and let it fall onto the other on the floor . forty second . goeth another . again the rabbi work feverishly -- cut , crimp , sand , hearing the second tick in he head -- and finish in thirty - five . goeth nod , impressed . goeth that 's very good . what I do not understand , though , be -- you have be work since what , about six this morning ? yet such a small pile of hinge ? he understand perfectly . so do levartov ; he have just craft he own death in exactly 75 second . goeth stand he against the workshop wall and adjust he shoulder . he pull out he pistol , put it to the rabbi' head and pull the trigger ... click . goeth ( mumble ) Christ -- annoy , goeth extract the bullet - magazine , slap it back in and put the barrel back to the man 's head . he pull the trigger again ... and again there 's a click . goeth God damn it -- he slam the weapon across levartov 's face and the rabbi slump daze to the floor . look up into goeth 's face , he know it 's not over . as goeth walk away -- CUT back to : ext . barracks - continued - night tight on schindler , a pensive nod , then a shrug . schindler the guy can turn out a hinge in less than a minute ? why the long story ? int . d.e.f . - day rabbi levartov , bring over to d.e.f. , work at a table with several other . as schindler stroll by , the rabbi dare to speak -- levartov thank you , sir . schindler have to think a moment before he can figure out who the grateful man be . schindler oh , yeah . you be welcome . ext . plaszow - day a dead chicken dangle from hujar 's hand , evidence of some kind . goeth slowly pace before a work detail of twenty or so man stand still , silent , in a row . goeth nobody know who steal the chicken . a man walk around with a chicken , nobody notice this . no one confess . goeth nod , all right , take a rifle from a guard and shoot one of the worker at random . with this add incentive , he wait for someone to tell he who steal the chicken . no one do . goeth still nobody know . he shrug , okay , point the rifle at another worker -- and a boy of fourteen , shudder and weep , step out of line . goeth there we go . goeth go over to the boy , and , like a distant relative to a small child , try to get he to look at he face . goeth it be you ? you commit this crime ? boy no , sir . goeth you know who , though . the boy nod , weep , scream -- boy him ! he 's point at the dead man . and goeth astonish the entire assembly of worker and guard by believe the boy . he return the rifle to the guard and walk away . hujar stare after he , then knowingly at the boy . ext . plaszow - day a truck be load with supplies . schindler sign for it and , appear as rush as he always do , return the clipboard to stern . schindler yeah , sure , bring he over . int . d.e.f . - day schindler come down the stair with klonowska . as they be crossing through the factory -- boy thank you , sir . schindler ( distract ) that 's okay . int . mechanic ' garage - plaszow - day a mechanic peer under the hood of goeth 's adler . lean in he accidentally knock a wrench off the radiator into the fan and there 's a awful clatter before the engine die . the mechanic glance up horrify . ext . goeth' villa - day as servant hoist a heavy , elaborately tool saddle from schindler 's trunk - a gift for goeth -- schindler see stern come toward he and glance skyward long - sufferingly . int . d.e.f . - day the mechanic , make adjustment to a metal press , glance up as schindler move past . mechanic thank -- schindler yeah , yeah , yeah . ext . d.e.f. factory - day across the street stand a nervous young woman in a fade dress . she seem to be try to summon the courage to cross over and onto the factory grounds . int . d.e.f. factory - day just inside the factory , she wait as a guard telephone schindler 's office . she can see the wall of window from where she 's stand , and schindler himself as he appear at it , phone to he ear . he glance down at she disapprovingly and the guard hang up . guard he will not see you . int . apartment - cracow - day the woman alone in a dismal room pull on nylon stocking . at a mirror , she apply make -up . she slip into a provocative dress . put on heel . a parisian hat . and look in the mirror . int . d.e.f . - day schindler wait for she on the landing of the stair . he do not recognize she , but smile to counter the unfortunately possibility she 's some old girlfriend he 's forget . reaching he , she offer she hand . schindler miss krause . miss krause how do you do ? he can tell now she do not know he . he seem relieved . he lead she past klonowska 's desk and into he office . int . schindler' office - day he arrange a chair for she , go to he liquor cabinet . schindler pernod ? cognac ? miss krause no , thank you . he pour himself a drink , warm it in he hand , smile , clearly take with she . schindler so . the grace with which she 's carry herself up to this point seem to evaporate as she struggle to find the word she want . miss krause they say that no one die here . they say you factory be a haven . they say you be good . schindler 's face change like a wall go up , a mask of indifference like in the portrait of Adolf Hitler on the wall behind he . schindler who say that ? miss krause everyone . schindler glance away from she . he seem weary suddenly , depressed . miss krause my name be Regina perlman , not elsa krause . I have be live in cracow on false papers since the ghetto massacre . ( pause ) my parent be in plaszow . they be old . they be kill old people in plaszow now . they bury they up in the forest . I have no money . I borrow this clothes . will you bring they here ? schindler glance back at she , he face hard , cold , and study she for a long , long moment before -- schindler I do not do that . you have be misl . I ask one thing : whether or not a worker have certain skill . that 's what I ask and that 's what I care about , get out of my office . she stare at he , frighten and bewilder . she feel tear welling up . schindler Cry and I will have you arrest , I swear to God . she hurry out . int . administration build - plaszow - day schindler barge into stern 's office . in a foul and aggressive mood , he dispense with pleasantry in order to admonish the accountant -- schindler people die , it 's a fact of life . stern have hardly have time to look up from the work on he desk . schindler he want to kill everybody ? great . what be I suppose to do , bring everybody over ? be that what you think ? yeah , send they over to schindler , send they all . his place be a " haven , " do not you know ? it 's not a factory , it 's not a enterprise of any kind , it 's a haven for people with no skill whatsoever . stern 's look be all innocence , but schindler know better . schindler you think I do not know what you be do ? you be so quiet all the time ? I know . stern ( with concern ) be you lose money ? schindler no , I be not lose money , that 's not the point . stern what other point be -- schindler ( interrupt ; yell ) it 's dangerous . it 's dangerous , to I , personally . silence . schindler try to settle down . then -- schindler you have to understand , goeth 's under enormous pressure . you have to think of it in he situation . he 's get this whole place to run , he 's responsible for everything that go on here , all this people -- he 's get a lot of thing to worry about . and he 's get the war . which bring out the worst in people . never the good , always the bad . always the bad . but in normal circumstance , he would not be like this . he would be all right . there would be just the good aspect of he . which be a wonderful crook . a guy who love good food , good wine , the lady , make money ... stern and kill . schindler I will admit it 's a weakness . I do not think he enjoy it . ( pause ) all right , he do enjoy it , so what ? what do you expect I to do about it ? stern there 's nothing you can do . I be not ask you to do anything . you come into my office . but it be not stern who need convincing ; it 's schindler himself . it 's doubtful he even realize this , but it 's clear to stern . schindler sigh either at the predicament itself , or at the fact that he 's allow stern to place he right in the middle of it . he turn to leave , hesitates . he conduct a mental search for a name and eventually come up with it : schindler perlman , husband and wife . he unstrap he watch , hand it to stern . schindler give it to Goldberg , have he send they over . he leave . ext . balcony - goeth' villa - night distant music , brahm ' lullaby , from the rosner Brothers way down by the woman 's barrack calming the inhabitant . up here on the balcony , schindler and goeth , the latter so drunk he can barely stand up , stare out over goeth 's dark kingdom . schindler they do not fear we because we have the power to kill , they fear we because we have the power to kill arbitrarily . a man commit a crime , he should know better . we have he kill , we feel pretty good about it . or we kill he ourselves and we feel even better . that 's not power , though , that 's justice . that 's different than power . power be when we have every justification to kill -- and we do not . that 's power . that 's what the emperor have . a man steal something , he 's bring in before the emperor , he throw himself down on the floor , he beg for mercy , he know he 's go to die ... and the emperor pardon he . this worthless man . he let he go . that 's power . that 's power . it seem almost as though this temptation toward restraint , this image schindler have brush -stroke of the merciful emperor , hold some appeal to goeth . perhaps , as he stare out over he camp , he imagine himself in the role , wonder what the power schindler describe might feel like . eventually , he glance over drunkenly , and almost smile . schindler amon the good . ext . stable - plaszow - day a stable boy work to ready goeth 's horse before he arrive . he stick a bridle into its mouth , throw a riding blanket onto its back , drag out the saddle schindler buy goeth . before he can finish , though , goeth be there . the boy try to hide he panic ; he know other have be shot for less . stable boy I be sorry , sir , I be almost do . goeth oh , that 's all right . as goeth wait , patiently it seem , whistling to himself , the stable boy try to mask he confusion . ext . plaszow - day goeth gallop around he great domain hold himself high in the saddle . but everywhere he look , it seem , he 's confront with stoop - shoulder sloth . he force himself to smile benevolently . int . goeth' villa - day goeth come into he bedroom sweat from he ride . a worker with a pail and cloth appear in the bathroom doorway . more to the floor -- worker I have to report , sir , I have be unable to remove the stain from you bathtub . goeth step past he to take a look . the worker be almost shaking , he 's so terrify of the violent reprisal he expect to receive . goeth what be you use ? worker soap , sir . goeth ( incredulous ) soap ? not lye ? the worker have not a defense for himself . goeth 's hand drift down as if by instinct to the gun in he holster . he stare at the worker . he so want to shoot he he can hardly stand it , right here , right in the bathroom , put some more stain on the porcelain . he take a deep breath to calm himself . then gesture grandly . goeth go ahead , go on , leave . I pardon you . the worker hurry out with he pail and cloth . goeth just stand there for several moment -- try to feel the power of emperor he 's suppose to be feel . but he do not feel it . all he feel be stupid . ext . goeth' villa - moment later - day the worker hurry across the die lawn outside the villa . he dare a glance back , and at that moment , a hand with a gun appear out the bathroom window and fire . ext . barracks , plaszow - night the sentries at they little table again , drink schindler 's vodka . nearby , schindler and stern outside stern 's barrack . the accountant 's tone be hushed : stern if he do not steal so much , I could hide it . if he 's steal with some discretion ... CUT to : stern' office , plaszow - day Goldberg deliver a stack of requisition and invoice , and leave without a word . behind he desk , stern take a cursory look at they and shake he head in dismay . int . goldberge office , plaszow - minute later - day stern come in with the requisition . now it 's Goldberg 's turn to shake he head in dismay ; he do not want to hear it -- stern there be fifteen thousand people here -- goldberg goeth say there 's twenty - five . stern there be fifteen . he want to say sixteen , seventeen , all right , maybe he can get away with it , but ten thousand over ? it 's stupid . goldberg stern , do I a favor , get out of here . you want to argue about it , go tell goeth . loading dock , plaszow - day stern watch truck be unload of bag of flour , rice and other supplies . goeth nod to hujar . hujar call a halt . the worker climb down , close up the truck . and , still half full , the truck rumble off . stern ( v.o. ) the ss auditor keep come around , look over the book -- goeth know this -- ext . cracow - day the truck at the load dock of goeth 's private warehouse . Polish worker , under hujar 's supervision , throw down the " surplus " bag of flour and rice -- the supplies for the phantom 10,000 prisoner . stern ( v.o. ) -- you would think he would have the common sense to see what 's come . no , he steal with complete impunity . CUT back to : barracks - continued - night they can see goeth 's villa up on the hill ; figure move around behind the window . there 's another party go on up there . down here , as he nurse a drink from he flask , schindler think about what stern have tell he , and eventually shrug , Fine , fuck he . schindler so you will be rid of he . but stern slowly shake he head ' no . ' stern if plaszow be close , they will have to send we somewhere else . where -- who know ? Gross - rosen maybe . maybe auschwitz . there 's the irony -- bad as it be , evil as goeth be , it could get worse . schindler understand . schindler I will talk to he . stern I think it 's too late . schindler well , I will talk to somebody . I will take care of it . he hand over to stern some negotiable item and leave . int . nightclub - cracow - night schindler and senior ss officer toffel and scherner share a table in same smoke - fill nightclub they meet in . schindler what 's he do that 's so bad -- take money ? that 's a crime ? come on , what be we here for , to fight a war ? we be here to make money , all of we . toffel there 's take money and there 's take money , you know that . he 's take money . scherner the place produce nothing . I should not say that -- nothing it produce reach the Army . that 's not all right . schindler so I will talk to he about it . scherner he 's a friend of yours , you want to help he out . tell I this , though -- have he ever once show you he appreciation ? I have yet to see it . never a courtesy . never a thank you note . he forget my wife at Christmas time -- schindler he 's get no style , we all know that . so , we should hang he for it ? toffel he 's steal from you , oskar . schindler of course he 's steal from I , we be in business together . what be this ? I be sit here , suddenly everybody 's talk like this be something bad . we take from each other , we take from the Army , everybody use everybody , it work out , everybody 's happy . scherner not like he . schindler glance away to the floor show , nod to himself . glancing back again , he consider the ss man with great sobriety . schindler yeah , well , in some eye it do not matter the amount we steal , it 's that we do it . each of we sit at this table . his thinly veile threat of exposure escape neither ss man . the air seem thicker suddenly . scherner he do not deserve you loyalty . more important , he 's not worth you make threat against we . schindler do I threaten anybody here ? I state a simple fact . the threat still stand , despite schindler 's assurance otherwise , and they all know it . so do scherner 's threat back to he , and they all know that , too . but schindler just grin , and , glance away -- schindler come on , let 's watch the girl . int . d.e.f. factory - day in addition to the mid-day soup and break , there be bowl of fruit on the long work table . at one of they , several worker be debate which of they will go upstairs to thank schindler . int . upstair office , d.e.f . - same time - day in honor of schindler 's birthday , goeth have bring over stern and the rosner -- the musician , at the moment , accompany the best baritone in the ukrainian garrison . surrounded by he friend and lover , schindler cut a cake . he receive congratulation from the many ss man present and the embrace , in turn , of ingrid and klonowska and goeth . from stern he get a handshake . a jewish girl from the shop floor be admit and timidly approach the drunken group around schindler . the ss man consider she as a curiosity ; schindler , as he would any beautiful girl . the music break and out of the silence come a small nervous voice : factory girl ... on behalf of the worker ... sir ... I wish you a happy birthday ... she hesitates . she 's surround by ss uniform and swastikas and holster gun . schindler smile ; this be a beautiful girl . schindler thank you . he kiss she on the mouth . the smile on the face around they strain . stern glance to heaven . amon cock he head like a confuse dog . the kiss be break , finally , and schindler smile again with impunity . schindler thank they for I . the girl back away nodd anxiously ; all she want now be out before someone -- she , schindler , both of they -- get shot . Henry rosner nudge Leo and they begin another song . and the party try to resume . ext . appellplatz - plaszow - dawn be they not asleep in they barrack , the prisoner would no doubt shudder at the sight : the clerk be set up they fold table . other figure move around the parade ground in the murky dawn light : this raise a banner , that wheeling filing cabinet across the appellplatz , this one wiring a phonograph , that one saturate a pad with ink from a bottle . Goldberg , Lord of list , move from table to table hand out carbon of list and share morning pleasantry with the clerk . some man in white appear like ghost . a doctor 's kid be open , a stethoscope remove . another clean the lense of he glass . someone sharpen a pencil . ext . depot - plaszow - dawn a trainman wave a lantern guide a engineer who 's slowly back a empty cattle car along the track . it couple to another empty slatted car with a harsh clank . ext . appellplatz - plaszow - day the needle of the phonograph be set down on a pock 78 . the first scratchy note of a strauss waltz blare from the camp speaker . ext . balcony - goeth' villa - day in he undershirt and short goeth calmly smoke he first cigarette of the morning as he listen to the music wafting up from down below . down there on the appellplatz , the entire population of the camp have be concentrate , some fifteen thousand prisoner . ext . appellplatz - plaszow - day though the music and banner struggle to evoke a country fair , the presence of the doctor belie it . a sorting out process be go on here , the healthy from the unhealthy . a physician wipe at he brow with he handkerchief as several prisoner run back and forth , naked , before he . he make he selection quickly : this one into this line , that one into that , and Goldberg move they recording the name . other group of people run naked in front of other doctor and clerk . notation be make and line be form . the sun beat down and the music lie . ext . depot - plaszow - day some still pull they clothes back on , the first wave of the " unfit " be march onto the platform . a guard slide open the gate of a cattle car and this first unlucky group climb aboard . ext . appellplatz - plaszow - day behind the camouflage of other woman prisoner , mila pfefferberg rub a bett against she cheek in desperate hope of add a little color to she skin . amon goeth , he shirtsleeve uncharacteristically roll up , chat with one of the doctor as another group strip . whether the topic be this Health aktion or the unseasonable weather be unclear , but he nod approvingly . pfefferberg ( o.s. ) commandant , sir . goeth glance up , find poldek among the group take off they clothes . pfefferberg appeal to he with a look that ask , do I really have to go through this , and goeth turn to a clerk . goeth my mechanic . pfefferberg be motion away from the other ; he 's okay , he do not have to be put through this indignity . he call out to the commandant again -- pfefferberg what about my wife ? goeth think about it a moment before he nod , yeah , okay , sure . a clerk accompany pfefferberg and , make a notation on the way , find mila . ext . depot - plaszow - day the sun be higher , the cattle car hotter . prisoner ' arm stretch out between the slat offer diamond in exchange for a sip of water . ext . plaszow - later - day the needle of the phonograph be set down on another record , a child 's song , " mammi , kauf mir ein pferdchen " ( mommy , buy I a pony ) . Children be yank from the arm of they parent . wailing protest quickly escalate to brawl with the guard . revolver and rifle aim at the sun and fire . Music , shot , wail . int . barracks - same time - day Guards traipse through a desert barrack peer up at the rafter , pull plank from the floor , upend cot , look for some child . ext . barracks - same time - day a small figure in red sprint across to another barrack , past it , to a crude wooden structure beyond it . int . men' latrine - same time - day a arm hold out to either side , the small girl lower herself into a pit into which man have defecate . she work she way slowly down , try to find knee and toehold on the foul wall , ignore the fly invade she ear , she nostril . reaching the surface of the muck she let she foot submerge , then she ankle , she shin , she knee , before finally touch harder ground . as she struggle to slow she breathe , she racing heart , she hear a hallucinatory murmur -- boy' voice this be we place . she see eye in the darkness ; five other child be already there . ext . depot - plaszow - later - day wave of heat rise from the roof of the long string of cattle car . Inside , that who " fail " the medical exam bake as they wait for the last car to be fill . schindler 's mercede pull up . he climb out and stare transfix . he notice goeth then , stand with the other industrialist , bosch and madritsch , and stroll over to they . goeth I try to call you , I be run a little late , this be take longer than I think . have a drink . schindler what 's go on ? goeth I get a shipment of hungarian come in , I get to make room for they . it 's always something . he glance away at the train . the idling engine only partially cover the desperate plea for water come from inside the slatted car . goeth they be complain now ? they do not know what complain be . he grin . schindler watch as another car be load . it 's like they be climb into a oven . schindler what do you say we get you fire brigade out here and hose down the car ? goeth stare at he blankly , then with a what - will - you-think - of - next ? kind of look , then laugh uproariously and call over to hujar -- goeth bring the fire truck ! hujar what ? hujar hear he , he just do not get it . finally he turn to another guy and tell he to do it . stream of water cascade onto the scalding rooftop . the fire truck be there , the hose fire the cold water at the car on the people inside who be roaring they gratitude . goeth this be really cruel , oskar , you be give they hope . you should not do that , that 's cruel . and amusing , not just to goeth , but to the other ss officer stand around as well . oskar move away to talk with one of the firemen . at full extension , apparently the hose still only reach halfway down the long line of car . he return to goeth . schindler I have get some 200 - meter hose back at d.e.f. , we can reach the car down at the end . goeth find this especially sidesplitting , and holler -- goeth hujar ! the d.e.f . hose have arrive and be be couple to plaszow 's . as the water drench the car further back , the people inside loudly voice they thanks , and the guard and officer outside grin at the spectacle . guard what do he think he 's save they from ? the joke take on new dimension when , from the back of the d.e.f. truck , box of food be unload . accompany by the laughter of the ss , schindler move along the string of car push sausage through the slat . goeth oh , my God . goeth be almost hysterical . but slowly then , slowly , the amusement on he face fade . his friend move along the car bring futile mercy to the doom in front of countless ss man , laugh or not , be not just behave recklessly here , it 's as though he be possess . the water rain down on the last car . ext . d.e.f . - day a german staff car pull in across the factory gate , block it . two gestapo man climb out . int . d.e.f. factory - day the girl who bring schindler best wish on he birthday glance up from she work to the gestapo crossing through the factory . they climb the stair to the upstairs office and , moment later , appear behind schindler 's wall of glass . int . schindler' office - day schindler lean against he desk , drink in he hand , calmly try to assess he humorless arrester . schindler I be not say you will regret it , but you might . I want you to be aware of that . gestapo 1 we will risk it . schindler glance beyond they to a point outside he office , to klonowska . she nod , she know what to do , she will make the phone call , call in the favor . schindler all right , sure , it 's a nice day , I will go for a drive with you guy . he snuff out he cigarette . int . gestapo car - moving - day settle comfortably in the backseat , schindler glance idly out the window . as the car make a turn , though , he look back . apparently he expect it to turn the other way . schindler where be we go ? the guy up front do not answer . concern , for the first time , register on schindler 's face . the car approach a building block long with a ominous sameness to the window . int . montelupich prison - cracow - day schindler be make to empty he pocket , he money , cigarettes , everything . around he clerk speak in whisper , as if raise voice might set off head - split echoe along the narrow monotonous corridor . int . montelupich prison - day he 's lead down a flight of stair into a claustrophobic tunnel . he 's take past darken cell . past shadowy figure crouch in corner and on the floor . int . cell , montelupich prison - day a water bucket . a waste bucket . no window . this be not a cell for dignitary ; this arrest be different . schindler , incongruous with the dank surroundings in he double - breast suit , slowly pace back and forth before he cellmate , a soldier who look like he 's be here forever , he greatcoat pull up around he ear for warmth . schindler I violate the Race and resettlement Act . though I doubt they can point out the actual provision to I . ( pause ) I kiss a jewish girl . schindler force a smile . his cellmate just stare . now there 's a crime ; much more impressive , much more serious , than he own . int . office - montelupich prison - day in a stiff - back chair sit a very unlikely defender of racial impropriety -- amon goeth . to a impassive ss colonel behind a desk , goeth try to highlight extenuate circumstance : goeth he like woman . he like good - look woman . he see a good- look woman , he do not think . this guy have so many woman . they love he . he 's marry , he 's get all this woman . all right , she be jewish , he should not have do it . but you do not see this girl . I see this girl . this girl be very good -look . goeth try to read the guy behind the desk , but he face be like a wall . goeth they cast a spell on you , you know , the Jews . you work closely with they like I do , you see this . they have this power , it 's like a virus . some of my man be infect with this virus . they should be pity , not punish . they should receive treatment , because this be as real as typhus . I see this all the time . goeth shift in he chair ; he know he 's not get anywhere with this guy . he switch tact : goeth it 's a matter of money ? we can discuss that . that would be all right with I . in the silence that follow , goeth realize he have make a serious error in judgment . this man sit soberly before he be one of that rare breed -- the unbribable official . ss colonel you be offer I a bribe ? goeth a " bribe ? " no , no , please come on ... a gratuity . suddenly the man stand up and salute , which thoroughly confuse goeth since goeth be he inferior in rank . but he be not salute goeth , he 's salute the officer who have just step into the room behind he . scherner sit down . the colonel sit back down . scherner pull up a chair next to goeth . scherner hello , amon . goeth Sir . scherner smile and allow goeth to shake he hand , but it 's clear , even to goeth himself , that he have fall from grace . int . goeth' villa - plaszow - night a tall , thin , gray waffen ss officer have a request for the rosner brother . ss officer I want to hear " gloomy Sunday " again . he 's drunk , morose ; it seem unlikely he will be on he foot much longer . indeed , as Henry and Leo rosner begin the son -- a excessively melancholy tale in which a young man commit suicide for love -- the field officer stagger over to a chair in the corner of the crowded room and slump into it . scherner we give you jewish girl at five mark a day , oskar , you should kiss we , not they . goeth laugh too loud , draw a weary glance from scherner . schindler smile good - naturedly . he 's out , a little worse for wear perhaps , a little more subdued than usual . take he away from the other , take he into he confidence -- goeth God forbid you ever get a real taste for jewish skirt . there 's no future in it . no future . they do not have a future . and that 's not just good old - fashioned jew-hate talk . it 's policy now . the thin gray ss officer be back in front of the musician , sway precariously , a drink in he hand -- ss officer " gloomy Sunday " again . again they play the song . again he stagger across the crowded room to he chair in the corner , pay no attention to the visit commandant from treblinka or anybody else -- treblinka guy -- we can process at treblinka , if everything be work ? I do not know , maybe two thousand unit a day . he shrug like it 's nothing , or with modesty , it 's unclear . goeth be dully impressed ; schindler , only politely so . treblinka guy now auschwitz . now you be talk . what I get be nothing , it 's like a ... a machine . auschwitz , though , now there 's a death factory . there , they know how to do it . there , they know what they be do . again the gray officer waver before Henry and Leo . this time they do not wait for he to ask for it -- leo rosner " gloomy Sunday " as the man stumble back to he chair , the rosner not only play the song again , they play with it , and he , this one somber man in the corner stare at they almost gratefully , wrenching from the song all the sentimentality they can , as if they could actually drive he to kill himself . no one else in the room be aware of the exchange go on between they -- this man and this music -- which the brother play as if it be a invocation . eventually , though , someone do become aware , if not of the intention , at least of the repetition , and interrupt the spell -- goeth enough -- Jesus -- God -- the music fall apart . the brother find goeth in the crowd look at they like , come on , for Christ 's sake play something else . which they do -- defeat -- some innocuous von suppe . goeth turn back to one of he guest . glancing back , as they play , to the corner , the rosner see the gloomy ss officer get slowly up from he chair . he stand there for a moment , stare at nothing , then slowly make he way out onto the balcony where he stand in the night air , absolutely still , in silhouette to the rosner . and , ruin a perfectly good party , he take out a gun and shoot himself in the head . ext . d.e.f . - day from a distance , schindler can be see argue with a ss officer who 's try to hand he papers , order of some kind , which the irate industrialist refuse to accept . here , closer , carry blanket and bundle , schindler 's worker be march under heavy guard out of the factory and its annex and across the fortify yard . his people be be take . where , be unclear . schindler abruptly break off the discussion with the ss man , climb into he car and drive off . ext . forest - plaszow - later - day a creek flow gently through marshy ground under a umbrella of tree . Leo John and he five year old son , on they knee catch tadpole , seem unaware of , or at least not distract by , a ghastly endeavor go on beyond they : body be exhume out of the earth , out of the mass grave in the forest . the dead lay everywhere , victim of the ghetto massacre , victim of plaszow . arrive , schindler see goeth stand up at the tree line . approach he , furious , he hesitates . he see a wheelbarrow trundle by pfefferberg , a corpse in it . he fear the body be mila 's , but then see she trundle another barrow , another corpse in it . goeth call to schindler -- goeth can you believe this ? goeth shake he head , dismay . schindler join he and stare at a pyre of body build by mask and gag worker , layer upon layer . goeth I be try to live my life , they come up with this ? I get to find every body bury up here ? and burn it ? it 's always something . he glance off . the pyre have reach the height of a man 's shoulder . the worker move around it dousing it with gasoline . schindler you take my worker . goeth ( indignant ) they be take mine . when I say they do not have a future I do not mean tomorrow . ( pause ) auschwitz . schindler when ? goeth I do not know . soon. he sigh at the unfairness of it all , the dissolution of he kingdom . his glance find he man , Leo John , over at the stream . goeth this be good . I be out of business and he 's catch tadpole with he son . tight on the gleeful boy with a tadpole in he hand . behind he , smoke from the pyre rise into the sky . int . d.e.f. factory - night schindler , in silhouette against the wall of glass , stare down at he desert factory , he silent machine , the dark empty space . int . schindler' apartment - day Light pour in through the window . White sheet over the furniture like shroud over the dead . schindler 's personal thing be go . ext . poland / czechoslovakia border - evening schindler 's mercede , the backseat pile high with suitcase . a border guard return he passport to he . the barrier be lift and he cross into Czech countryside . int . square , brinnlitz , czechoslovakia - morning a church in the main square of a sleepy hamlet . a priest and he parishioner , include emilie schindler , emerge from it , morning mass over . some guy outside a bar / café , hang gout , drink , notice the elegantly dress gentleman outside the town 's only hotel . they recognize he . they come over . schindler hey , how you do ? brinnlitz guy 1 look at this . schindler , the clothes , the car , the suitcase , the great difference between they respective station in life . somehow they old not 'er- do - well friend have manage to do quite well , and it amaze they . across the square , emilie have notice he ; and he , she . but neither make a move toward the other . finally she walk away ; which schindler interpret correctly to mean , yes , check into the hotel . he tip the porter extravagantly and turn back to the guy from the bar . schindler let I buy you a drink . int . bar - brinnlitz - night except for the clothes of the work class clientele , the scene be reminiscent of the ss nightclub in cracow : schindler , the great entertainer , work he way around the table make sure everybody 's get enough to drink , make sure everybody 's happy . a guy at a table with a girl gesture he over . brinnlitz guy 2 oskar - my friend lena . schindler how do you do ? ( to they both ) what can I get you , what be you drink ? brinnlitz guy 2 nothing 's change . then again , something have change , have not it ? schindler thing work out . I make some money over there , have some laugh , you know . it be good . brinnlitz guy 2 now you be back . schindler now I be back , and you know what I be go to do now ? I be go to have a good time . so be you . he gesture to the bartender to refill he friend 's and he date 's drink , pat the guy on the shoulder and wander over to the next table . girl who be he ? the guy have to think ; not because he do not know , but because he old friend oskar be so many thing it 's hard to know which description to use . finally -- brinnlitz guy 2 he 's a salesman . int . HOTEL room - brinnlitz - night a woman asleep in the bed . the girl from the bar . in he robe , at the window , schindler calmly smoke as he stare out at the night ext . brinnlitz - dawn the town , off in the distance , nestle against the mountain . the sun , just come up . closer , here , ramshackle structure , a long abandon factory of some kind . schindler , in leather riding gear , climb down off a moto- guzzi motorcycle . he slowly wander around , peer in through break window , wander around some more . tight on he face , tear between conflict choice , or realize there 's no choice , or only one choice , and hat it . schindler goddamn it . ext . balcony , goeth' villa - plaszow - day schindler and goeth on the balcony of the villa , drink . goeth you want this people . schindler this people , my people , I want my people . goeth consider he friend , greatly puzzle . below they lie the camp , still operate , at least for now , until the shipment can be arrange . goeth what be you , mose ? what be this ? where 's the money in this ? what 's the scam ? schindler it 's good business . goeth oh , this be " good business " in you opinion . you have get to move they , the equipment , everything to Czechoslovakia -- it do not make any sense . schindler look -- goeth you be not tell I something . schindler it 's good for I -- I know they , I be familiar with they . it 's good for you -- you will be compensate . it 's good for the Army . you know what I be go to make ? schindler artillery shell . tank shell . they need that . everybody 's happy . goeth yeah , sure . goeth find this whole line of reason impossible to believe . he 's sure schindler 's get something else go on here he 's not tell he . goeth you be probably scamm I somehow . if I be make a hundred , you get to be make three . schindler admit it with a shrug . goeth if you admit to make three , then it 's four , actually . but how ? schindler I just tell you . goeth you do , but you do not . goeth study he , search for the real answer in he face . he can not find it . goeth yeah , all right , do not tell I , I will go along with it , it 's just irritate to I I can not figure it out . schindler all you have to do be tell I what it 's worth to you . what 's a person worth to you . goeth think about it in the silence . then a slow nod to himself . he 's go to make some money out of this even if he can not figure it out . he smile . goeth what 's one worth to you ? that 's the question . hard CUT to : the keys of a typewriter slapping a name onto a list -- 184 184 levartov -- the letter the size of building , the sound as loud as gunshot -- tight on the face of a man -- rabbi levartov -- the hinge - maker goeth try to kill with a faulty revolver -- the keys hammer another name -- perlman -- tight on two elderly face -- a man , a woman -- the parent of " elsa krause . " in he SMALL cluttered plaszow office -- stern transcribe d.e.f.worker ' name from a Reich Labor Office document to the list in he typewriter , schindler 's list . name -- a face -- name -- face -- name -- tight on schindler slowly pace the six or seven step stern 's cramped office allow , nursing a drink . schindler poldek pfefferberg ... mila pfefferberg ... the keys type '' pfeffe - pfefferberg be face , tight . mila be face , tight . currency , hard reichmarks , in a small valise . as goeth look at it , he mumble to himself -- goeth a virus ... moving down the list of name , forty , fifty . the sound of the key . stern pull the sheet out of the machine , roll in another , type a name . equipment be load onto truck outside madritsch 's plaszow factory . schindler you can do the same thing I be do . there 's nothing stop you . madritsch be shaking he head ‘no ' to schindler 's appeal to make he own list , to get he worker out . madritsch I have do enough for the Jews . the keys type another name -- a face , a man , a face , a woman , a face , a child -- cognac spilling into a glass . the glass come up to schindler 's mouth , hesitate there . schindler the investor . a name -- a face -- one of the original d.e.f. investor . another name -- another face -- another of the jewish investor . schindler all of they . szerwitz , he family . stern glance up with a look that ask schindler if he 's sure about this one . he be . the key type szerwitz -- tight on the face of the investor who steal from schindler , the one he threaten to have kill by the ss , and the face of he son -- three or four page of name next to the typewriter . stern , try to count they , estimate -- stern four hundred , four fifty -- schindler more . the trunk of schindler' mercede yawn open . he take a small valise from it and head for goeth 's villa . the keys type rosner -- tight on Henry rosner , the violinist . tight on he brother , Leo , the accordionist . schindler and bosch , the other plaszow industrialist . the same appeal schindler make to madritsch ; the same answer , ‘no . ' moving down another page of name . stern ( o.s. ) about six hundred -- schindler ( o.s. ) more . the SOUND of the keys over the face of a boy , the " chicken thief . " over the face of a girl , the one who hide in the pit of excrement . over the face we have never see . stern ( o.s. ) eight hundred , give or take . schindler ( angrily ) give or take what , stern -- how many -- count they . stern run he finger down the page of name , try to count they more precisely . blackjack , deal by goeth . they be betting diamond , he and schindler . a queen fall and goeth groan he misfortune . the face of goeth 's may . goeth sweep he hold card against the table , be throw a four , sweep it again and get a jack . a name we do not recognize be type . a face we do not recognize . int . stern' office - plaszow - night schindler leaf through the page of name , count they , drink , to the sound of the typewriter . eventually , quietly to himself -- schindler that 's it . stern hear he and stop type , glance over . schindler you can finish that page . stern resume where he leave off , but then hesitates again . there 's something he do not understand . stern what do goeth say ? you just tell he how many you need ? it do not sound right . and schindler do not answer . he 's avoid tell stern the detail of the deal strike with goeth , and balk tell he now . finally awkwardly -- schindler I be buy they . I be pay he . I give he money , he give I the people . ( pause ) if you be still work for I I would expect you to talk I out of it , it 's cost I a fortune . stern have no idea . and have no idea now what to say . schindler shrug like it 's no big deal , but stern know it be . schindler give he the list , he will sign it , he will get the people ready . I have to go back to brinnlitz , to take care of thing on that end , I will see you there . stern be really overcome by what this man be do . what he can not figure out be why . silence . and then -- schindler finish the page . stern turn back , do as he 's tell . schindler drink . nothing but the sound of the typewriter key . and then nothing at all . the page be do . the rest will die . int . town council hall - brinnlitz - night schindler in front of a large assembly , party pin in he lapel , as usual , impose ss guard on either side of he . schindler this be my home . he look out over he audience , the citizen of brinnlitz , local government official , many of they appear bewilder by he or the " situation " that have arisen . schindler I be bear here , my wife be bear here , my mother be bury here , this be my home . his estrange wife be there . so be the guy he be drink with . schindler do you really think I would bring a thousand jewish criminal into my home ? everyone seem to breathe sigh of relief as if they have be wait for he to say this , to dispel the disturbing rumor they have hear . schindler this be skilled munition worker -- they be essential to the war effort -- the noise begin , he audience 's angry reaction . raising pitch of he own voice -- schindler -- it be my duty to supervise they -- and it be you duty to allow I -- he barely get it all out before the protest drow he out . the uproar reach such a clamoring level there 's no point in he continue . goeth' villa - plaszow - day goeth , at he write desk , endure the bureaucratic tedium of signing memoranda , transport order , requisition . he come to schindler 's list , initial each page and sign the last with no more interest than the other . he hand the whole stack of paperwork to marcel Goldberg , personnel clerk , executor of list , gangster . int . office , administration build - plaszow - day Goldberg have the signature page of the list in a typewriter . he carefully align it and type he own name in a space allow by the bottom margin . ext . schindler' brinnlitz factory site - day at a fold table in the middle of the field , schindler sign he name to Reich Main Office directive , evacuation board and Department of economy form , armament contract . around he , the new camp be take shape : electric fence be go up , watchtower , barrack ; shipment of heavy equipment , huge hilo machine , be be off - load from flatbe train car ; ss engineer stand around frown at the lay of the land , some drainage problem no doubt . ext . depot - plaszow - day a train full of people destine for auschwitz pull away from the platform . as Goldberg gather he paperwork , a prisoner approach he . prisoner be I on the list ? goldberg what list be that ? he know what the prisoner mean and the prisoner know he know . he mean schindler 's list . goldberg the good list ? well , that depend , do not it ? the prisoner know that , too , and discreetly turn over to Goldberg a couple of diamond from the lining of he coat . int . goldberge office - plaszow - night name on a notepad , the first few cross out . Goldberg type the next name onto a page of the list , squeezing it into the upper margin , and cross that one out on the pad . he roll the page down , type another name , tire of the exact task , tear the handwritten page of name from the notepad , crumple it and throw it away . ext . brinnlitz - night schindler , on he way back to he hotel after a night of drink , be jump by three guy , wrestle to the ground and brutally kick . as the form of he attacker move away , he catch a glimpse of one of they -- he " friend " who admire he car when he first arrive back in town . int . mechanic garage - plaszow - day pfefferberg , he head under the hood of a german staff car , adjust the carburetor . Goldberg come in . goldberg hey , poldek , how 's it go ? ( pfefferberg ignore he ) you know about the list ? you be on it . pfefferberg of course I be on it . goldberg you want to stay on it ? what do you get for I ? pfefferberg glance up from he work and study the blackmail collaborator for a long moment . pfefferberg what do I get for you ? goldberg take diamond to stay on this list . pfefferberg suddenly attack he with the wrench in he hand , beat he across the shoulder and head with it . pfefferberg I will kill you , that 's what I get for you . Goldberg go down , try to scramble away on he knee , the blow come down hard on he back . goldberg all right , all right , all right . he make it outside the garage and run . ext . depot - plaszow - day a cattle car be couple to another , the pin drop into place . on the platform , clerk at fold table shuffle paper while other mill around with clipboard , call out name . thousands of prisoner on the platform , some climb onto string of slatted car on oppose track . some already in they , most stand in line , change line , the end of one virtually indistinguishable from the beginning of another . paperwork . list of name . pen in hand check they off . some bound for brinnlitz , the rest for auschwitz , if they can be properly sort from one another . a boy be allow to remain in a line with he father ; he mother be take to another line compose of woman and girl . this segregation be the only recognizable process go on ; the other , if they exist , be apparent only to the clerk and guard , and maybe not even to they . it be chaos . ext . countryside - night a train snake across the dark landscape . int . cattle car - moving - night stern , wedge into a corner of a impossibly crowded car . this train may be head for schindler 's hometown , but it be no more comfortable than the other on they way to auschwitz -- birkenau . ext . crossing - poland - day the train idle at a crossing in the middle of nowhere . move across the face peer out from between the slat , it become apparent there be only male prisoner aboard . below , on a dirt road , a lone Polish boy stand watch . just before a empty train roar past from the other direction obscure he , he hand come up and across he neck make the gesture of a throat be slit . ext . depot - brinnlitz - day the train pull into the small quiet brinnlitz station . the door be open and the prisoner begin climb down . at the far end of the platform , flanke by several ss guard , stand schindler . to he customary elegant attire he have add a careless accouterment , a tyrolean hat . ext . brinnlitz - day lead a procession of nine hundred male jewish " criminal " through the center of town , schindler ignore the angry taunt and denouncement and the occasional rock hurl by the good citizen of brinnlitz lining the street . int . brinnlitz munition factory - day under the tower hilo machine , a meal of soup and bread await the worker . as they be sit down to it , schindler address they -- schindler you will be interested to know I receive a cable this morning from the personnel Office , plaszow . the woman have leave . they should be arrive here sometime tomorrow . he see stern among the worker , smile almost imperceptibly , turn and walk away . ext . rural poland - day a train back slowly along the track toward a arched gatehouse . the woman inside the cattle car do not need a sign to tell they where they be , they have see this place in nightmare . pillar of dark smoke rise from the stack into the sky . it 's auschwitz . ext . auschwitz - day the stunne woman climb down from the railcar onto a immense concourse bisect the already infamous camp . as they be march across the muddy yard by guard carry truncheon , mila pfefferberg stare at the place . it ' so big , like a city , only one in which the inhabitant reside strictly temporarily . to mila , under she breath -- woman where be the clerk ? so often terrify by the sight of a clerk with a clipboard , it be the absence of clerk which unsettle the woman now , as though there remain no further reason to record they name . mila 's eye return to the constant smoke rise beyond the birch tree at the settlement 's western end . int . office - brinnlitz factory - day schindler come out of he office and , pass stern 's desk , mumble -- schindler they're in auschwitz . before stern can react , schindler be out the door . ext . brinnlitz factory - moment later - day as he stride across the factory courtyard toward he motorcycle , schindler be intercept by some gestapo man who have just emerge from they car . gestapo you friend amon goeth have be arrest . schindler ( pause ) I be sorry to hear that . gestapo there be some thing that be unclear . we need to talk . schindler I would love to , it will have to wait until I get back . I have to leave . the look on they face tell he he 's not go anywhere . schindler all right , okay , let 's talk . gestapo in Breslau . schindler Breslau ? I can not go to Breslau . not now . this guy be serious . ext . auschwitz - day a young silver - haire doctor move slowly along row of schindler 's woman , consider each with a pleasant smile even as he make he selection , with tiny gesture , for the death chamber . he pause in front of one . young doctor how old be you , mother ? she could lie , and he would have kill she for it . she could tell the truth , and he would have she kill for that , too . woman ( pause ) Sir , a mistake 's be make . we be not suppose to be here , we work for oskar schindler . we be schindler Jews . the doctor nod pensively , understandingly , it seem . then -- young doctor and who on earth be oskar schindler ? he glance around hopelessly . one of the ss guard who accompany the woman from plaszow speak up -- plaszow guard he have a factory in cracow . enamelware . the doctor nod again as if the information be valuable , as if it mean something to he . it do not . young doctor a potmaker ? he smile to himself and get on with the " examination , " this woman to this line , this other one to that . int . cell - ss prison , breslau - day in a dank cell , in uniform , amon goeth wait . schindler be on he way , hopefully . maybe he 's already here . schindler will vouch for he . schindler will straighten this out . int . ss prison , breslau - day in a large room , schindler sit before a panel of twelve sober Bureau V investigator and a judge of the ss court . investigator everything you say will be hold in confidence . you be not under investigation . you be not under investigation . Mr. goeth be . he be be hold on charge of embezzlement and racketeer . you be here at he request to corroborate he denial . we information onto he financial speculation come from many source . on he behalf there be only you . we know you be close friend . we know this be hard for you . but we must ask you -- schindler he steal we country blind . int . brinnlitz factory - day in schindler 's absence , the worker attempt to operate the unfamiliar machine , to figure out the unfamiliar process of manufacturing artillery shell . there 's movement , there 's noise , the machine be run , but little be be produce . untersturmfuhrer Jose liepold , the commandant of schindler 's new subcamp , move through the factory conduct a impromptu inspection . he point out to a guard a kid no more nine , sorting casing at a work table , and another boy , ten or eleven , carry a box . ext . barracks - auschwitz - night mila and another woman cross back toward they barrack carry a large heavy pot of broth . not more than a hundred meter away stand the birch tree and crematoria , the smoke plume even now , at night out of the darkness appear " apparition , " skeletal figure which surround the two woman , or rather the soup pot between they , dip little metal cup into it , over and over . too startle to speak , mila can only stare . the apparition clamor around the pot a moment more , than furtively slip back into the same darkness from which they come . mila and the other woman exchange a glance . the pot be empty . mila where 's schindler now ? int . hoss ' house - auschwitz - night in he en , over cognac , auschwitz commandant Rudolf hoss consider the document schindler have bring : the list , the travel papers , the evacuation board authorization . hoss nod at they , then at schindler . hoss you be right , a clerical error have bee make . ( pause ) let I offer you this in apology for the inconvenience . I have a shipment come in tomorrow , I will cut you three hundred from it . New one . this be fresh . schindler seem to think about the offer as he nurse he drink . it 's " tempting . " hoss the train come , we turn it around , it 's yours . schindler I appreciate it . I want this . the one on the list in hoss ' hand . silence . then : hoss you should not get stick on name . why , because you get to know they ? because you begin to see they as human being ? schindler suddenly have the awful feel that the woman be already dead . hoss misinterprets the look . hoss that 's right , it create a lot of paperwork . ext . concourse - auschwitz - day a large assembly of woman . Guards call out name from a list . as each woman step out of line , a guard unceremoniously brushes a swathe of red paint across she clothes . New column be form . ext . train yard - auschwitz - day schindler , stand at the end of the platform stone - face , watch the woman whose name he be " stick on , " whose clothes be slashed with red paint , climb onto the cattle car . as the car fill , a train on another track arrive . the " fresh " one schindler turn down . as the gate be close on the woman 's car , the gate of the other be open and the people spill out . a horrify cry suddenly break through the noise of the engine . one of schindler 's woman , lock in , have see she son among that come down off the train on the oppose track . another cry erupt , and another , another , as the woman spot they child , confiscate from the brinnlitz factory , bring here . schindler become aware of what 's happen and , pass over other child , try to corral this particular boy , many of whom have notice they mother now and be echoing they torture cry with they own . schindler manage to gather they together , the fifteen or twenty boy , and , in the middle of the crowded platform , appear to a guard : schindler this be mine . they be on the list . this be my worker . they should be on the train . he point across to the woman 's train , then down to the boy . schindler they be skilled munition worker . they be essential . the guard glance from the frantic gentleman to the anxious brook around he . this be essential worker ? guard they be boy . schindler yes . schindler be nodd he head , try to think . the woman be shriek they son ' name . the guard , who hear it all , every excuse imaginable , be just turn away when schindler thrust he smallest finger at he . schindler they finger . they polish the inside of shell casing . how else do you expect I to polish the inside of a 45 millimeter shell case ? the guard stare at he dumbly . this he have not hear . ext . brinnlitz camp - day like a mirage in the distance they appear -- the woman , the child , guard , schindler , march across a field toward the factory . at the perimeter of the camp , at the wire , the man watch the approach procession . it appear to they that the woman be cover in blood -- or -- could it be paint ? they be walk , they be fine , some be even smile . liepold be not smile . neither be schindler ; at least not on the outside . int . brinnlitz factory - day the machine be silent , the people be not . woman be in they husband ' arm , son in they father ' . there 's food on the table but it 's largely ignore , the reunion take precedence . int . ss mess hall - same time - day schindler stand before the assemble camp guard . they be seat at the long table , they food get cold , wait for he to say whatever it be he have to say . schindler under Department W provision , it be unlawful to kill a worker without just cause . under the business compensation Fund I be entitle to file damage claim for such death . if you shoot without think , you go to prison and I get pay , that 's how it work . so there will be no summary execution here . there will be no interference of any kind with production . in hope of ensure that , guard will no longer be allow on the factory floor without my authorization . his eye meet liepold 's , hold he icy stare , then return to the guard , most of whom look like tired middle - age reservist . schindler for you cooperation , you have my gratitude . as he step away he gesture to some kitchen worker . they tear open case of schnapp and begin set the bottle out on the table . int . brinnlitz factory - day schindler stroll through he factory look over the shoulder of the worker , nodd he approval . the place be in full operation , finally ; the people , have figure out the complicated hilo , turn out shell by the caseload . schindler pause at one of the machine . schindler how 's it go ? worker good . it 's take a while to calibrate the machine , but it 's go good now . schindler good . schindler nod . then frown . he lean down and tap at the crystal of one of the gauge . schindler this be not right , be it ? the worker kneel down , take a look . it look right to he . reaching over , schindler change the calibration of the machine with a cavalier adjustment to a knob -- and all the gauge reading shift . schindler there . that look right . he wander off . the worker stare after he . he 's just screw up setting that take week to get right . schindler come up to another worker , levartov , the hingemaker . he 's at a machine buffing shell . schindler how 's it go , rabbi ? levartov good , sir . schindler nod , watch he work , eventually glance away . schindler Sun 's go down . levartov , follow schindler 's gaze , nod uncertainly . schindler it be Friday , be not it ? levartov be it ? schindler you should be prepare for the sabbath , should not you ? what be you do here ? levartov just stare . it 's be year since he 's be allow , indeed inclined , to perform sabbath rite . schindler I have get some wine in my office . why do not we go over there , I will give it to you . come on , let 's go . schindler head off . the rabbi keep stare . schindler gesture back to he , offer casually -- schindler come on . levartov look around . finally , he hang up he goggle and follow after schindler . int . worker barracks - night under the shadow of a watchtower , among the roof-high tier of bunk strung with laundry , levartov recite kiddush over a cup of wine to worker gather around he . int . guard barracks - night on they bunk , the guard relax with schnapp , card and magazine . one of they become distract by a distant sound . some of the other begin to hear it . guard what be that ? conversation cease . the barrack gradually become quiet , silent , all the guard strain to hear . it sound like ... sing . it sound like yiddish sing . ext . brinnlitz camp - same time - night on a watchtower , a night sentry , unsure where it 's come from , listen to the distant sing . it seem like it 's emanate from the surround hill , from the tree . int . liepold quarter - same time - night at he small desk , liepold be type a letter , denounce schindler most likely . the pound key bury all other sound but when he pause to reread what he 's type , he hear it , the sing , faint , far away . he go to he window , peer out , listen for a moment more , then hear nothing . only the night creature . int . apatment build - brinnlitz - night the door to a apartment open from the inside revealing emilie schindler . she coolly consider the visitor on she doorstep , she estrange husband , look great as usual , bottle of wine in he hand , smile as if nothing be wrong between they , as if nothing be wrong in the entire world . int . emilie's apartment - night the two of they at the kitchen table in a modest apartment , drink , at least he be . he 's try to ask she something , but he 's not sure how to put it , he want to get it right . finally the word just tumble out -- schindler I want you to come work for I . there , he 's say it . but the bewilder look on emilie 's face wonder , that 's what be hard for you to say ? schindler you do not have to live with I , I would not ask that . ( pause ) it 's a nice place . you would like it . it look awful . you get use to that . she 's the only woman he 's even know who could make he nervous just sit across a table from he , say nothing . schindler all right -- ( now he will be honest ) we can spend time together that way . we can see each other , see how it go -- without the strain of -- whatever you want to call it when a man , a husband and a wife go out to dinner , go have a drink , go to a party , you know . this way we will see each other at work , there we be , same place , we see how it go ... his voice trail off . a shrug add , what do you think ? she do not answer , but she do love he . he love she , too . it really be a shame they be not right for each other and never will be . int . office - brinnlitz factory - day stern glance up from he work ; schindler and emilie have come in and be walk toward the accountant 's desk . he get up . schindler itzhak stern , emilie schindler . my wife . like the doormen and waiter of cracow , stern too never imagine schindler be marry and have trouble hide he astonishment now . he extend he hand to she . stern how do you do ? emilie how do you do ? stern stern be my accountant and friend . it sound strange to stern hearing schindler actually say it . he 's never say it before . schindler emilie 's offer to work in the clinic . to ... work there . he 's not sure what she 's go to do there , she 's not a nurse or a doctor . stern ( to she ) that 's very generous of you . schindler yes . schindler nod , look around , shrug , offer he arm to he wife , perhaps to take she on a tour of the place . stern it be a pleasure meeting you . emilie pleasure meeting you . the schindler leave . stern sit back down at he desk and smile . he 's never see schindler so uncomfortable . int . machine shop - brinnlitz factory - day schindler come in carry a radio . he set it down on a bench where pfefferberg 's work on the frame of a machine motor with a blow torch . schindler can you fix it ? the radio . pfefferberg what 's wrong with it ? schindler how should I know ? it 's break . see what you can do . he leave . pfefferberg plug it into a outlet and switch it on . it work perfectly . a waltz . int . barracks - brinnlitz camp - night in a male barrack , a group of worker include pfefferberg huddle in a corner around the radio , strain to hear through heavy static a broadcast by the BBC , the Voice of London , a sketchy report of a Eastern offensive by ally Russian force . int . clinic - brinnlitz camp - day as a camp doctor attend to sufferer of dysentery , schindler and emilie sort pair of prescription glass from a parcel , ship from cracow . stern come in . stern we need to talk . schindler stern . schindler sift through the glass still in the box , come up with a particular pair and hold they proudly . not quite sure what he 's see be real -- stern they arrive . schindler they arrive , can you believe it ? stern allow himself a smile , a rare thing for he . schindler carefully slip the new glass onto the accountant 's face . he look around the clinic , stern , eventually settling on emilie , crystal clear , stand near a picture on the wall which , in other circumstance , he would find less than reassure : Jesus , he heart expose and in flame . int . clinic - later - day in a quiet corner of the clinic , schindler concentrate on the disquieting news stern have bring he : stern we have receive a complaint from the armament board . a very angry complaint . the artillery shell , the tank shell , rocket casing -- apparently all of they -- have fail quality - control test . schindler nod soberly . then dismiss the problem with a shrug . schindler well , that 's to be expect . they have to understand . this be start - up problem . this be not pot and pan , this be a precise business . I will write they a letter . stern they be withhold payment . schindler well , sure . so would I . so would you . I would not worry about it . we will get it right one of this day . but stern be worried about it . stern there 's a rumor you have be go around miscalibrate the machine . ( schindler do not deny it ) I do not think that 's a good idea . schindler ( pause ) no ? stern slowly shake he head ' no . ' stern they could close we down . schindler eventually nod , in agreement it seem . schindler all right . call around , find out where we can buy shell and buy they . we will pass they off as ours . stern 's not sure he see the logic . whether the shell be manufacture here or elsewhere , they will still eventually reach they intend destination , into the heart and head of Germany 's enemy . stern I know what you be say , but I do not see the difference . schindler you do not ? I do . I see a difference . stern you will lose money . that 's one difference . schindler fewer shell will be make . that 's another difference . the main one . the only one schindler care about . silence . then : schindler stern , if this factory ever produce a shell that can actually be fire ... I will be very unhappy . int . brinnlitz factory - day a nineteen year old boy with he hand in the air stand terrify before commandant liepold and the revolver he wield . worker , try to reduce the likelihood of get hit by a stray bullet when liepold fire on the boy -- which seem a certainty -- scramble out of the way . schindler ( o.s. ) hey . liepold swing the gun around at the voice , point it for a moment at schindler , who be stride toward he , then aim the barrel back at the boy 's head , and yell -- liepold Department W do not forbid my presence on the factory floor . that be a lie . he wave a document at schindler , throw it at he . schindler do not bother pick it up . instead , point at the boy , he yell to liepold -- schindler shoot he . shoot he ! liepold be so startle by the command , he do not shoot . he do not lower the gun , though , either . schindler shoot he without a hearing . come on . his finger be on the trigger , liepold be tear , frustrated , hat the situation he have create . as the moment without a blast stretch out , both and schindler begin to settle down . liepold he sabotage the machine . schindler glance to the boy . then at the silent hilo beside he . part of it be blacken from a electrical fire . to the boy , concerned -- schindler the machine 's break ? the boy , too terrify to speak , nod . liepold the prisoner be under the jurisdiction of section D. I will preside over the hearing . schindler but the machine . liepold glance to he . he seem almost distraught by the destruction of the machine , schindler . schindler the machine be under the authorization of the armament inspectorate . I will preside over the hearing . liepold be not sure that 's correct , but he have no documentation , at least not on he , to refute it . int . factory - night in the machine - tool section , a " judicial table " have be set up . at it sit schindler , liepold , two other ss officer , and a attractive german girl , a stenographer . the " saboteur , " the boy , janek , stand before the court . janek I be unfamiliar with the hilo machine . I do not know why I be assign there . commandant liepold be watch I try to figure it out . I switch it on and it blow up . I do not do anything . all I do be turn it on . go tonight be schindler 's usual shop -floor familiarity . he study the boy solemn-face . schindler if you be not skilled at armament work , you should not be here . janek I be a lathe operator . schindler dismiss the defensive comment with a wave of he hand and get up . he come around and pace slowly before the boy . eventually , janek dare to speak again -- janek Sir ? schindler glance up at he distractedly . janek I do adjust the pressure control . schindler stop , look to the panel , and back to the boy . schindler what ? janek I know that much about they . somebody have set the pressure control wrong . I have to adjust -- schindler slam the back of he hand so hard across janek 's face , the boy almost fall . he 's stunne . so be the other at the table . they have never see such violence from the direktor . he roar -- schindler the stupidity of this people . I wish they be capable of sabotage a machine . schindler 's hand come up again and janek recoil , expect another blow . schindler manage to hold it . schindler get he out of my sight . a guard escort the prisoner away . the panel member glance among themselves . be that it ? schindler face they and groan in dismay . int . liepold quarter - night liepold at he desk , type again . this time there be no doubt he be compose a letter denounce schindler . int . house - brinnlitz - night schindler and emilie , she arm in he , stand around like unwanted guest at the party . they probably be . him anyway . the other guest include local politician who fight and fail to keep he camp out of brinnlitz . whenever he glance meet one of theirs , they smile tightly . schindler ( to emilie ) be not this nice . it 's not at all nice . he feel out of place , a feel he 's not accustom to . fortunately , a man in uniform , someone schindler can relate to , approach cheerfully , he hand outstretch . rasch oskar , good of you to come . schindler be you kid , I never miss a party . Police Chief rasch , my wife emilie . rasch how do you do ? emilie you have a lovely home . it be nice . Big . the man life well . rasch thank you . schindler I need a drink . rasch oh , God , you do not have a drink ? schindler ( to emilie ) wine ? she nod . schindler go off in search of the bartender . rasch watch after he . rasch you husband 's a very generous man . emilie ( wry ) he 's always be . int . rasch's study - later - night rasch and schindler share cognac in the privacy of the Police Chief 's study . Beyond the close door , the party continue , the sound filter in . schindler I need gun . rasch calmly nurse he drink , he eye revealing nothing of what 's go on behind they , except that the statement require some elaboration . schindler one of this day the Russians be go to show up unannounced at my gate . I would like the chance to defend myself . I would like my wife to have that chance . my civilian engineer . my secretary . rasch ( pause ; then , philosophically ) we be lose the war , be not we . schindler it kind of look that way . rasch ( blithely ) pistol ? schindler pistol , rifle , carbine ... ( long pause ) I would be grateful . rasch smile faintly . yes , he 's familiar , as be official throughout much of Europe , with the gratitude of oskar schindler . int . machine shop - brinnlitz camp - night poldek pfefferberg hold up a pistol , feel its weight , point it . schindler ( calmly ) careful . pfefferberg smile , lower the gun , kneel beside a open crate of weapon : a couple of revolver and rifle , a old carbine . int . factory - day from high above the factory , stern can be see among the machine talk with a worker . the man point up and return to he work . stern stare up , puzzle . he locate a ladder that connect the shop - floor to a series of overhead plank and , with trepidation , climb . he reach a shaky landing high above the machine , navigate the primitive catwalk with great care , come to a large water tank near the workshop ceiling . schindler stern . above the rim of the tank , amid rise steam , schindler 's head appear . then disappear . stern climb a set of rung on the tank , reach the top and find inside , lolling in the steaming water , schindler and the blonde stenographer from the trial . stern Excuse I . neither schindler nor the blonde seem the least bit embarrassed . only stern . he try hard to pretend the girl be not there , but he just can not . stern I will talk to you later . schindler no , no , what , what be it ? schindler float over closer to he , wait for he to report whatever it be he have come to report , lean closer . finally , quietly -- stern do you have any money I do not know about ? Hidden away someplace ? schindler think long and hard ... schindler no . silence except for the gently lap water . half -jok -- schindler why , be I break ? stern glance away , do not answer , just stare off . and a slight , slight smile , a gambler 's philosophical smile upon be purge of he wealth , appear on schindler 's face . ext . rural brinnlitz - day in the distance , a lone boxcar , stark against the winter landscape . there be patch of snow on the ground . a cold wind blow through bare tree . schindler ( v.o. ) poldek . int . machine shop - brinnlitz camp - day tight on poldek pfefferberg 's eye behind a welder 's mask . he turn from he work to the voice , welding torch in he hand . ext . rural brinnlitz - day the torch fire at ice as hard as metal , blue flame , white steam . pfefferberg 's eye behind the mask again , concentrate . around the abandon boxcar , in the gruesome cold , stand schindler , emilie , a doctor , some worker and some ss guard , watch , wait . pfefferberg step back . sledge hammer pound at lock . hand pull at lever . the door begin to slide . out of darkness , from inside the boxcar as the door slide open , schindler 's face be reveal , tight . he stare for a interminable moment before walk slowly away . Inside the boxcar be a tangle of limb , a pyramid of corpse , freeze white . from a distance , a tableau : the boxcar , the worker and guard and emilie outside it , schindler , off to himself several step away , all of they still as statue . ext . catholic cemetery - outside brinnlitz - day Beyond a country church , among the stone marker of a small cemetery , walk schindler and a priest . schindler it 's be suggest I cremate they in my furnace . as a Catholic I will not . as a human be I will not . the priest nod ; he seem relatively empathic . he offer a alternative -- priest there 's a area beyond the church reserve for the burial of suicide . maybe I can convince the parish council to allow they to be bury there . schindler this be not suicide . the priest know that . but he also know that the provision of Canon Law regard who can and cannot be bury in consecrate ground be narrow . schindler this be victim of a great murder . int . brinnlitz factory - day in a corner of the factory , worker hammer at pine lumber . they be building coffin . ext . brinnlitz factory - day as worker harness horse to cart , other hoist the coffin into they . schindler be there , watch . he glance up at one of the guard tower , expect , perhaps , to be fell by a bullet . ext . brinnlitz factory - day Beyond the wire , rabbi levartov lead the horse-drawn cart . around he walk a minyan -- a quorum of ten male necessary for the rite . a few guard lag behind . int . brinnlitz factory - same time - day work continue , but it 's apparent in they eye they be only physically here ; in spirit they be all walk alongside the cart , one great moral force . the roar of a machine suddenly , inexplicably , die . then another . and another . schindler , stand at the main power panel , pull the last of the switch , and the factory plunge into absolute silence . ext . catholic cemetery - day just beyond the perimeter of the Catholic cemetery , the minyan quickly and quietly recite kaddish over the dead as they coffin be lower into individual grave . then , there be only a low breathe of wind . ext . brinnlitz camp - another day amon goeth , in civilian clothes , emerge from a car . his eye , sallow from inadequate sleep , sweep across the fortify compound with envy . it 's a nice place oskar 's get here . int . office - brinnlitz factory - same time - day stern , at a window , stare down at goeth beside he car . softly , gravely -- stern what 's he do here ? schindler appear beside stern , glance down . he 's lose weight , goeth . the old suit he wear seem too big for he . alone down there he seem disorient . schindler probably look for a handout . int . brinnlitz factory - day worker glance up at a horrible apparition from the pit of they foulest dream -- amon goeth crossing through the factory . schindler , he arm around the killer 's shoulder as if he be a long lose brother , lead he across the shop - floor , proudly point out to he the huge thunder hilo machine . int . office , brinnlitz factory - day schindler take a old suitcase from he office closet , set it on he desk , snap it open revealing clothes , goeth 's uniform , he medal . the ex - oberstrumfuhrer touch the fabric gently , then glance up gratefully to he friend . goeth thank you . int . outer office - brinnlitz factory - day Beyond the frost glass of schindler 's office door , stern can see the waver form of the two Nazi Party member share cognac and storey . int . brinnlitz factory - day warm by cognac and friendship , goeth come through the factory again carry the suitcase , schindler at he side , steering he to some degree . goeth 's hand come up to he cheek as if to brush away a bothersome fly . but it be not a fly . one of the worker have spit on he . he turn in disbelief . silence as he hand drop to he side , to the holster he forget be not there . he glance around for ss guard ... who be not there . he look to schindler , thoroughly confuse , and whisper -- goeth where be the guard ? schindler the guard be not allow on the factory floor . they make my worker nervous . goeth stare at he bewilder . then again at the worker who spit . then at other worker , the resolve in they eye . they know he have no power here , and sense he have no power anywhere . his own eye drift to a woman with yarn in she lap , knitting needle in she hand . be this a dream ? schindler I will discipline he later . schindler good - naturedly throw a arm around goeth 's shoulder and lead he away . the worker watch as the two Germans disappear out the factory door . int . guard ' barracks - evening a guard slowly turn the dial of a radio , find and lose in static several different voice in several language , none of they last more than a moment . Depression hang over the barrack . most of the guard be strain to hear the news they have be fear for some time now , some on they bunk just stare , one at a window peer out at the black face of a forest as if expect , at any moment , to see Russian or american troops appear . int . worker' barracks - same time - evening another radio . worker , like the guard , strain to hear . the dial find , faint , mire in static , the idiosyncratic voice of Winston churchill . int . liepold quarter - same time - evening schindler on liepold 's doorstep . the two man consider each other across the threshold . Radio static filter out from liepold 's room . the word " eisenhower " cut through before the speaker 's voice be bury again . schindler it 's time the guard come into the factory . he turn and walk away . int . brinnlitz factory - night all twelve hundred worker and all the guard be gather for the first time on the factory floor . tension and uncertainty surround they . it 's ominously quiet . then -- schindler the unconditional surrender of Germany have just be announce . at midnight tonight the war be over . it be not he intention to elicit celebration . indeed , he word , echoing and fade in the factory , echo the doubt they all feel . schindler tomorrow , you will begin the process of look for survivor of you family . in many case you will not find they . after six long year of murder , victim be be mourn throughout the world . not by untersturmfuhrer liepold . he stand with he man , die to lift he rifle and fire . schindler we have survive . some of you have come up to I and thank I . thank yourselves . thank you fearless stern , and other among you , who , worry about you , have face death every moment . ( glance away ) thank you . he 's look at the guard , thanking they , which thoroughly confuse the worker . just when they think they know where he sentiment lay , he 's thanking guard . schindler you have show extraordinary discipline . you have behave humanely here . you should be proud . or be he attempt to adjust reality , to destroy the ss as combatant , to alter the self - image of both the guard and the prisoner ? move across the ss man 's face , they remain inscrutable . schindler turn he attention back to the worker , and , not at all like a confession , but rather like simple statement of fact : schindler I be a member of the Nazi party . I be a munition manufacturer . I be a profiteer of slave labor , I be a criminal . at midnight , you will be free and I will be hunt . ( pause ) I will remain with you until five minute after midnight after which time , and I hope you will forgive I , I have to flee . that worry the worker . whenever he leave , something terrible always seem to happen . schindler in memory of the countless victim among you people , I ask we to observe three minute of silence . in the quiet , in the silence , drift slowly across the face of the worker -- the elderly , the lame , teenager , wife beside husband , child beside they parent , family together -- it become clear , if it be not before , that both as a prison and a manufacturing enterprise , the brinnlitz camp have be one long sustained confidence game . schindler have never stand still so long in he life . he do now , though , frame by he giant hilo machine , silent at the close of the noisiest of war , he head bow , mourn the many dead . when he finally do look up he see that he be the last to do so . the face , few of which he recognize , be all look at he . he turn to speak to the guard along the wall again . schindler I know you have receive order from we commandant -- which he have receive from he superior -- to dispose of the population of this camp . apprehension spread across the factory like a wave . pfefferberg tighten he grip on the pistol under he coat . his ragtag irregular do the same , the rest of they ersatz " arsenal " conceal behind a machine . to the guard : schindler now would be the time to do it . they be all here . this be you opportunity . the guard hold they weapon , as they have from the moment they arrive here tonight , at attention , wait it seem , to be give the official order from they Commander , liepold , who appear ready to give it . schindler or ... ( he shrug ) ... you could leave . and return to you family as man instead of murderer . Long , long silence . finally , one of the guard slowly lower he rifle , break rank and walk away . then another . and another . and another . another . when the last be go , the worker consider liepold . he appear more a oddity than a threat . he be more a oddity than a threat . and he know it . he turn and leave . ext . brinnlitz camp - night a watchtower . abandon . the perimeter wire . no sentries . the guard barrack . desert . the ss be long go . ext . courtyard - brinnlitz camp - night schindler and emilie emerge from he quarter , each carry a small suitcase . in the dark , some distance away from he mercede , stand all twelve hundred worker . as schindler and he wife cross the courtyard to the car , stern and levartov approach . the rabbi hand he some papers . levartov we have write a letter try to explain thing . in case you be capture . every worker have sign it . schindler see a list of signature beginning below the typewritten text and continue for several page . he pocket it , this new list of name . schindler thank you . stern step forward and place a ring in schindler 's hand . it 's a gold band , like a wedding ring . schindler notice a inscription inside it . stern it 's Hebrew . it say , ' whoever save one life , save the world . ' schindler slip the ring onto a finger , admire it a moment , nod he thanks , then seem to withdraw . schindler ( to himself ) I could have get more out ... stern be not sure he hear right . schindler step away from he , from he wife , from the car , from the worker . schindler ( to himself ) I could have get more ... if I would just ... I do not know , if I would just ... I could have get more ... stern oskar , there be twelve hundred people who be alive because of you . look at they . he can not . schindler if I would make more money ... I throw away so much money , you have no idea . if I would just ... stern there will be generation because of what you do . schindler I do not do enough . stern you do so much . schindler start to lose it , the tear come . stern , too . the look on schindler 's face as he eye sweep across the face of the worker be one of apology , begging they to forgive he for not do more . schindler this car . goeth would have buy this car . why do I keep the car ? ten people , right there , ten more I could have get . ( look around ) this pin -- he rip the elaborate hakenkreus , the swastika , from he lapel and hold it out to stern pathetically . schindler two people . this be gold . two more people . he would have give I two for it . at least one . he would have give I one . one more . one more person . a person , stern . for this . one more . I could have get one more person I do not . he completely break down , weep convulsively , the emotion he 's be hold in for year spilling out , the guilt consume he . schindler they kill so many people ... ( stern , weep too , embrace he ) they kill so many people ... from above , from a watchtower , stern can be see down below , try to comfort schindler . eventually , they separate , and schindler and emilie climb into the mercede . it slowly pull out through the gate of the camp . and drive away . ext . brinnlitz - night a panzer emerge from the treeline well beyond the wire of the camp and just sit there growl like a beast . suddenly it fire a shell at nothing in particular , at the night -- a exhibition of random spite -- then turn around and roll back into the forest . ext . brinnlitz camp - same time - night from a watchtower , a couple of worker , have witness the tank 's display of impotent might , can make little sense of it . below , many of the worker mill around the yard , wait to be liberated . no one seem to know what else to do . ext . brinnlitz - day some Czech partisan emerge from the forest . they come down the hill and casually approach the camp . reaching the wire , they be meet by pfefferberg and some other worker , rifle sling over they shoulder . through the fence -- partisan it 's all over . pfefferberg we know . partisan ( pause ) so what be you do ? you be free to go home . pfefferberg when the Russians arrive . until then we be stay here . the partisan shrug , suit yourself , and wander back toward the tree with he friend . ext . brinnlitz camp - night five headlight appear out of the night , five motorcycle mark with the ss death 's - head insignia . they turn onto the road lead to the camp gate and park , the rider shutting off the engine . ss nco hello ? shapes materialize out of the darkness within the camp . several armed and dangerous Jews . ext . brinnlitz camp - later - night as the cyclist fill they tank with gasoline borrow from the camp , the worker keep they rifle point at they . the nco in charge line the gas can neatly back up against the wire . nco in charge thank you very much . he climb onto he motorcycle . the other climb onto theirs . and drive away . ext . brinnlitz camp - dawn a lone Russian officer on horseback , tatter coat , rope for rein , emerge from the forest . as he draw nearer , it become apparent to the worker assemble on the camp yard , that the horse be a mere pony , the Russian 's foot in stirrup nearly touch the ground beneath the animal 's skinny abdomen . he reach the camp , climb easily down from the horse and , in a loud voice , address the hundred of worker stand at the fence : russian you have be liberated by the Soviet Army . this be it ? this one man ? the worker wait for he to say more . he wait for they to move , to leave , to go home . finally -- russian what 's wrong ? a few of the worker come out from behind the fence to talk with he . worker have you be in Poland ? russian I just come from Poland . worker be there any Jews leave ? the Russian have to think . eventually he shrug , ' no , ' not that he see , and climb back onto he pony to leave . worker where should we go ? russian I do not know . do not go east , that 's for sure , they hate you there . ( pause ) I would not go west either if I be you . he shrug and give he little horse a kick in the rib . worker we could use some food . the Russian look confuse , glance off . the quiet hamlet of brinnlitz sit there against the mountain not half a mile away . russian be not that a town over there ? of course it be . but the idea that they could simply walk over there be completely foreign to they . the Russian ride away . ext . brinnlitz - day all twelve hundred of they , a great move crowd come forward , cross the land lay between the camp , behind they , and the town , in front of they . tight on the face of one of the men . tight on typewriter keys rapping he name . tight on a pen scratch out the word , " metal polisher " on a form . tight on the keys type , " teacher . " tight on he face in the crowd . tight on the face of a woman in the move crowd . the key type she name . the pen scratch out " lathe operator . " the key type " physician . " tight on she face . tight on a man 's face . his name . Pen scratch out " electrician . " key type " musician . " his face . a woman 's face . name . Pen scratch out " machinist . " key type " merchant . " face . " carpenter . " face . " secretary . " face . " draftsman . " face . " painter . " face . " journalist . " face . " nurse . " face . " judge . " face . face . face . face . hard CUT to : ext . frankfurt - dusk ( 1955 ) a street of apartment building in a work class neighborhood of the city . int . apartment build - dusk the door to a modest apartment open revealing oskar schindler . the elegant clothes be go but the familiar smile remain . schindler hey , how you do ? it 's poldek pfefferberg out in the hall . pfefferberg good . how 's it go ? schindler thing be great , thing be great . thing do not look so great . schindler be not penniless , but he 's not far from it , live alone in the one room behind he . pfefferberg what be you do ? schindler I be have a drink , come on in , we will have a drink . pfefferberg I mean where have you be ? nobody 's see you around for a while . schindler ( puzzle ) I have be here . I guess I have not be out . pfefferberg I think maybe you would like to come over , have some dinner , some of the people be come over . schindler yeah ? yeah , that would be nice , let I get my coat . pfefferberg wait out in the hall as schindler disappear inside for a minute . the legend below appear : amon goeth be arrested again , while a patient in a sanitarium at bad tolz . giving the national socialist salute , he be hanged in cracow for crime against humanity . schindler reappear wear a coat , step out into the hall , forget something , turn around and go back in . oskar schindler faile at several business , and MARRIAGE , after the war in 1958 , he be declare a righteous person by the council of the yad vashem in jerusalem , and invite to plant a tree in the avenue of the righteous . it grow there still . he come back out with a nice bottle of wine in he hand , and , as he and pfefferberg disappear down the stair together -- schindler' voice mila 's good ? pfefferberg's voice she 's good . schindler' voice kid be good ? let 's stop at a store on the way so I can buy they something . pfefferberg's voice they do not need anything . they just want to see you . schindler' voice yeah , I know . I would like to pick up something for they . it will only take a minute . they voice face . against the empty hallway appear a faint trace of the image of the factory worker , through the wire , walk away from the brinnlitz camp . and the legend : there be fewer than five thousand jews left alive in poland today . there be more than six thousand descendant of the schindler jews . the end