tea scooby - doo by Craig titley base on character create by hanna - barbera previous revision by jay kogen new draft by James gunn first draft March 17 , 2000 warner bros . '' 2000 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved fade in : ext . spooky island - night a full moon poke a white hole in a black sky . 0.s. we hear festive rock ' N roll and the whoops and hollers of joyful reveler . we pan down to spooky Island , a tropical island / theme park . this cheesy tourist trap be hardly a disneyland or Magic Mountain , nor even , sad to say , a legoland . like Rome , it be not build in a day . unlike Rome , it very well likely could have be . we pass a colorful fiberglass '' haunt " castle that sit atop a small mountain . we pass palm tree and huge papier mache head impale on stake . we approach a light sign that read : ° welco E to sp ory island where fear be y ur only friend we move past the sign and out over a crowd of college student . Dancing . party . pour beer on themselves and each other . Men in skeleton costume pounce out of the shadow frightening nary a soul . we move to a film crew follow a pretty , peppy reporter . the reporter walk through the young people . we move with she . she speak loudly to be hear over the revelry . reporter student the world over be trading in the sandy beach of Florida for a completely different spring break experience here on spooky Island ! the reporter arrive at a large - breast lass in a bikini . reporter what 's you name ? lass Barbara ! reporter have you experience here on spooky Island be , well , spooky ? lass last night I throw up five time ! that be kinda whacked ! ( continued ) continued : we move on , past cardboard gravestone wobble in the wind . past island native -- that be , employee of various ethnicity wear grass skirt and war paint -- hold a limbo stick for student . past a hunchback boink giggle visitor with a plush hammer . we arrive at a rocky mountainside , where a young , sullen - look woman , isabel rogers , sit on the stoop of a fake gallow . isabel be " goth . " she wear all black . her hair be dyed black and gell into tall spike . her eye be circle by thick , dark ring of makeup . two fat , sweaty student slam they hairy belly together in front of she . isabel this place suck . isabel 's friend mandy stand beside she , peer through a tiny window on a door that read " staff only . " the door lead into the mountainside . Mandy be a pretty , fresh - face blonde with a pierce nose . mandy no dizz-oubt . I can not see nothing . Mandy try the doorknob . it 's not lock . mandy whoa . hey , isabel , come on . isabel why would you want to go in there ? Mandy enter the staff doorway . mandy ( 0.s. ) better than frat central out here . isabel look around nervously . she slip in behind Mandy . int . catacomb corridor Mandy and isabel peer down a long stretch of a dark cavernous hall . we hear water dripping . isabel weird . ( continued ) continued : mandy they should let we come in here , man . s’way scarier than that silence of the lamb bumper boat . isabel and Mandy creep down the hall . they discover a adjoin hallway to they right . planks of wood cover the rocky wall . Mandy head down it . isabel Mandy , let 's go back , okay ? int . wooden hall isabel follow Mandy down the hall . after a moment , isabel look behind she . a pair of fiery red eye be stare at they . isabel Mandy ... Mandy turn around . she see the eye . mandy ha ! it 's another one of that animatronic demon thingama- what ! Mandy strut down the hall and toward the eye . mandy they want we to come in here ! it 's set up to be part of the- park ! Mandy get closer and see what 's actually stand there . her expression drop . mandy iz ...? isabel yeah ? mandy run !! Mandy twirl around . she start to dash , but something in the dark grab she . she fall to she belly . she scream . isabel see she yank back , disappear into the darkness . the scream stop . ( continued ) continued : isabel take off down the hall . the eye follow she . the hallway end in a " T . " isabel dart leave . int . doorway hall isabel flee from the fiery eye . large wooden door line the hall on both side . she spot red eye approach in front of she as well as behind . she try one door . lock . she try another . it swing open . she throw herself inside . . int . catacomb front office isabel slam the door behind she . she clamp a wooden slab in place , lock it . she turn . the enormous creature slam on the door . a phone sit on a desk . she pick it up . dial . sobs. o.s. the phone ring . a answering machine pick up . garret ( v.0 . ) you have reach the Rogers residence . please leave a message at the beep . beep ! no , not that one -- ha ha ! this one : the machine beeps . isabel daddy , please pick up ! some type of demon be chase I ! it just get Mandy ! please , daddy -- the door shatter beside she . isabel scream . she drop the phone and run through another door . int . catacomb office isabel slam shut another door behind she . deadbolt it . she turn . she see : . the wall of the room be plaster with newspaper clipping , magazine article , and photograph . she look quickly from one to the other : newspaper article read , " teenage sleuth reveal black knight ghost as hoax . " a photo picture the mystery , Incorporated gang : shaggy Rogers , Fred Jones , daphne blake , velma dinkley , and the huge great dane , scooby - doo . magazine headline read , " mystery inc . solve enigma of jumping ghost clown : Springs on bottom of shoe . " there be a photo of the gang with the aforementioned shoe . poster ad with scooby - doo and a cyclops monster eat scooby snack read : " scooby and the cyclops have this mystery solve : scooby snack be delicious ! " back to scene isabel stare at the article , confuse , and whisper : isabel scooby -doo ? the door crash down . isabel scream in horror . the scooby -doo theme song begin . start credit sequence - montage the credit sequence be a montage of historical record : pan of magazine and newspaper article , old tv footage , and interview document the rise and fall of mystery , Inc . the follow be some of the snippet for inclusion : tv footage - int . studio a host stand on a colorful , Peter max-ish studio set for a cheesy variety show . host ( v.0o . ) now , as promise , the four young detective who defeat the Black knight ghost ! the audience applaud wildly . ( continued ) continued : host ( v.0 . ) Fred Jones ! - superimpose ( in a colorful , groovy font ) - fred ! Fred Jones jog down a set of stair . he 's a handsome teen with a healthy blonde mane . he wear a white sweater and a red ascot . he give thumb -up . host ( v.o. ) daphne Baker ! superimpose : daphne ! daphne blake , a gorgeous redhead , trot down the other side . she wave . she wear a eggplant and pink outfit and a lime scarf . host ( v.o. ) shaggy Rogers ! superimpose : shaggy ! shaggy Rogers run down another set of stair . he be a skinny teenage dude , with a scruffy goatee and a messy mop of hair . he wear a green T-shirt and brown boot - cut corduroy . he hold he arm up in triumph . host ( v.0o . ) velma dinkley ! superimpose : velma ! velma dinkley , a stocky tomboy , walk out modestly . she wear thick spectacle that distort she eye and a orange cowl - neck sweater . she smile politely and nod . host ( v.o. ) and scooby -doo ! superimpose : scooby-doo ! here come scooby , leaping like a joyous idiot onto the stage . he 's the familiar tongue - wag canine we know and love , brown with black spot , gargantuan , goofy , and gangly . he slide toward we happily until he realize he 's slide toward the edge of the stage . he panic , try to stop himself , but be unable . he fall into the front row . scooby 's head pop up amongst the crowd . he chuckle he trademark laugh . insert - newspaper article the headline read : " mystery inc . stop headless horseman 's wave of mayhem with FIRE hose . " it feature a grainy photo of the gang spraying a fire hose at the " headless horseman '' on he white mare . tv footage - int . '' tonight show " set the gang sit on the couch beside jay leno . jay leno ( v.0 . ) tell I , how would you know this headless horse - guy be not real ? fred ( v.o. ) I notice the upper half of he body be too large for he frame . no one 's build like that . there be room for a whole head up there . jay leno ( v.o. ) hal perceptive ! daphne ( v.0 . ) freddy 's so like all a genius ! the audience applaud . scooby bow . velma look upset . interview - velma velma , like the rest of the gang in this present day interview , be a few year older , in she early twenty . velma I be the one who notice the headless horseman 's body be too big . and I sit there think , now jay leno will believe it be Fred , forever . grainy tv footage - ext . chicago sidewalk - day the gang be mobbed by teen fan seek autograph . insert - teen beat cover dreamy photo of a airbrush Fred . insert - seventeen cover photo of daphne , pretty and sweet in a purple , pink , lime flower dress . - insert - PC gaming cover photo of velma . headline : " velma dinkley 's Gaming tip . " insert - creem cover photo of shaggy jam on a guitar . interview - shaggy shaggy they like treat I like they personal slave . finally I say , hey , I be a detective ! interview - daphne daphne I say , if you be a detective , then name one thing you have detect ! interview - shaggy shaggy so I say , okay -- I detect that the only thing you be good for be get capture and tie up by bad guy ! how 's that !? interview - daphne daphne ( teary - eye ) I could not believe he have say that to I . insert - variety cover headline : " famous dog ink six figure deal to hawk " scooby snack " with a black and white headshot of scooby . interview - velma velma I know scooby 's a dog and - everything , but even consider all that he 's a moron . commercial outtake - int . bare set a closeup of scooby - doo . he grin and hold up a bag of scooby snack ( tm ) . scooby ( v.o. ) ren I be rungry I reat rooby rack ! director ( v.0 . ) cut ! Mr. doo , you must enunciate . CUT to : another take scooby ( v.0o . ) rooby rat rar rurry ren err -- director ( v.o. ) cut ! I could not understand a bloody word he say . CUT to : another take scooby look angry . he speak without passion . scooby ( v.0o . ) ren I be rungry roob rack -- director ( v.0 . ) cut! dammit ! insert - US magazine cover head : '' mystery inc . debunked ! Teen sherlock call it quit after three troubled year , " feature a photo of the gang in happier day . interview - fred fred there come a time to separate the wheat from the chaff . ( more ) ( continued ) 10 . continued : fred ( cont ’d ) the four of they be wheat and I be the chaff . ( beat ) of the other way around . whichever be the good one , that 's the one I be . interview - velma velma so finally I quit . interview - daphne daphne I say , I be out of here , okay ?! interview - scooby scooby rood-rye and rood riddance ! interview - shaggy . shaggy to paraphrase johnny mathis , I say , ' take this job and shove it !' I mean , I like do not say it right then . but I think of it later , and , boy , I wish I have . end credit sequence . ext . shaggy 's house - night rain fall on this ramshackle , gray , suburban home . the lawn be overgrown . the roof be cave in . the gutter hang . Duct tape keep a crack window in place . o.s. , a phone ring . int . shaggy kitchen a rotary phone sit on a counter crowded with dirty pot and pan . drop of rain plink against a window behind it . the phone ring again . ( continued ) 11 . continued : a dog 's front paw pick up the receiver . scooby - doo bring the phone to he ear . he yawn , sleepy - eye . he 's just wake up . the rain on the window project curling shadow onto the fur of he face . scooby rello ? garret ( v.0o . ) scooby ! ? scooby yeah , yeah . rooby reaking . garret ( v.o. ) ( ery ) this be shaggy 's uncle garret . it 's my daughter , isabel . I get a call from she on spooky Island -- scooby 's eye flood with fear . scooby rooky ! ? garret ( v.0o . ) she claim she be be chase by some sort of demon -- ! scooby remon ?! scooby slam down the receiver , hang up on garret . he stare at it , fearfully . the phone ring again . scooby pick it up , attempt a Spanish accent : scooby hola !? garret ( v.o. ) scooby , I be not a idiot ! I know this be you ! scooby El robody - of rame - of el roobido here . scooby hang up the phone again . he pace back and forth . Dog whine . bite he nail . ( continued ) 12 . continued : it ring again . scooby pick it up as if it be a dead pet . he hold the receiver a few inch from he ear . garret ( v.0 . ) put my nephew on the phone ! he 's -- scooby look up to see a dark shape stumbling out of the bedroom toward he . shaggy scooby-doo ... where be you ? shaggy Rogers stumble into the bedroom doorway . he be in he green T-shirt and tightie-whity . he scratch he butt . he squint to shut out the light . 7 shaggy who be it ? scooby quickly hang up the phone , futilely hope shaggy will not notice . scooby robody . shaggy come on , man . like I just watch you on the phone . scooby shake he head , deny it . he 's a total liar . thunder crack . the phone ring . shaggy reach for the phone . scooby jump to block he . ext . coolsville university campus - day the coolsville campus be nearly abandon for spring break . a couple kid play frisbee with a golden retriever . int . garret rogers 's office professor garret rogers weep . he be a stout man with glass too small for he bald skull . he sit in a ergonomic chair . a frame photo of shaggy and isabel , smile with they arm sling over each other 's shoulder , be propped on he desk . Advanced degree cover he wall . a nervous scooby and shaggy be seat with he . a tape recorder play on he desk . ( continued ) 13 . continued : isabel some type of demon be chase I ! it just get Mandy ! please , daddy -- we hear the door shatter ; isabel scream , the phone drop ; the line goe dead . garret hit the stop button . garret the police will not do anything ! they say it 's a haunt theme park , it 's normal for people to get panicked call ! shaggy when 's isabel suppose to get back ? garret at the end of spring break . a week from tomorrow . shaggy maybe we should like wait until -- garret no ! something strange be go on . this spooky Island rep will not let I speak to my own daughter . garret push forward two open coolsville U yearbook on he desk . shaggy what 's this ? garret I have do some research . this three student all go to the Island last year . Three student 's photo be circle in pencil . angel fawn be a mohawked - punk rocker . Andrew cozine be a black rapper with wraparound sunglass and shape shave in he hair . floyd pepper be a deadhead wear a tie -dy shirt . shaggy this yearbook belong to the library ! you could get in trouble for draw on they ! ( continued ) 14 . continued : garret show they two new yearbook next to the old one . the same student 's picture aré circle . angel 's hair be now blonde and perm . Andrew sport glass and a bow tie . floyd be a crew-cutte jock . they be all smile , happy and conservative . garret this be they picture from this year , since they have return . shaggy zoink . garret in addition to they appearance , they g.p.a. 's have rise dramatically . they be formally disciplinary problem , but no longer . angel , she edit the school paper . floyd 's become the quarterback for the coolsville flower power ... what do you think it could be ?! shaggy it 's probably ... a magic potion . garret grip tightly to shaggy 's forearm , break down . fluid drip from he nose . garret a magic potion ? dear Lord ! shaggy , you have to go to spooky Island ! you have to find isabel ! you have to solve this mystery ! shaggy uncle garret , stuff from you nose be touch my arm !! shaggy yank he arm away . shaggy I do not know how to do a mystery -- garret you be a profession detective for four year ! shaggy yeah , but I be not , you know , like pay attention ! ( continued ) 15 . continued : garret place some cash on the table . garret my savings . do whatever you need to find my baby princess . and I have something here for scooby , if he 'il go with you . scooby ro way ! garret pull a bag of scooby snack ( tm ) out of a vase . scooby rooby rack ?! scooby roll over on the carpet like a nincompoop . he knock over a end table and lamp . garret look at shaggy . shaggy he 's do trick . that 's roll over . scooby unsheathes a display sword from the wall over the desk . he pretend to repeatedly stab himself by jabbing the sword in he armpit . he fall onto he back . shaggy play dead . garret scooby , the whole bag be yours if you go to this spooky Island and find my daughter . scooby stand . scooby rokay ! I x11 rill the remon ! scooby slashes the sword , growl ferociously . shaggy uncle garret , Fred and velma figure out everything . I be just the guy that carry they bag . garret then get you friend to come along . ( continued ) 16 . continued : shaggy we have not speak in two year . garret please . you love isabel as much as I do . shaggy stare compassionately at he uncle . it 's obvious he do love he cousin . just then , scooby , pretend to be a swashbuckler , accidentally slice shaggy 's shoulder with the sword . shaggy oqw !! why be you play with a sword ?! scooby point at garret . scooby re do it . shaggy no , he do not ! I be look at he ! int . HOTEL lobby - later welcome to the 28th annual coolsville Science fiction Convention . awkward fan boy , middle - age man dress as superhero , and b-movie starlet in skimpy femalien costume cross in front of a placard outside a auditorium . the placard read : coolsville astro -con present : former mystery basher , fred jone , discuss he new book , e.s.p. / schmee . s.p. int . HOTEL auditorium fred jone at a podium . he hold a remote control . only ten or so bored fan sit in the large auditorium . fred and then there be the time , of course , when I solve the mystery of -- Fred press the remote , flash a ... slide of a phony seaweed monster . ( continued ) 17 . continued : fred -- the seaweed - cover ghost , ~ expose he as ... Fred click to a slide of the seaweed - cover ghost , unmask . slide slide slide slide fred ++. aman in a mask . of the Aztec ghost , chase shaggy . fred the Aztec ghost be quite a challenge until I discover -- of the Aztec ghost , unmask . fred that he be a man in a Aztec ghost mask . of the abominable snowman ghost . fred but I guess you have say I be most remember for revealing to the world that the abominable snowman ghost -- of the abominable snowman ghost , unmask . fred be actually a man inside of a mar . kk. boy raise he hand . fan boy do you think there 's such a real thing as a real ghost ? fred my new book , e.s.p. / schmee.s.p. , address that issue , my friend . after year of investigate supernatural claim I have arrive at one utter and unassailable conclusion : there be no such entity as ghost , ghoul , goblin , or monster . ( more ) ( continued ) 18 . continued : fred ( cont 'd ) at the end of every paranormal claim there be only fool seek fame , paranoid imagination , or charlatan look to make a buck . there be absolutely -- absolutely -- no suc 's hi : as magic in this world . beat . fred any other question ? a maladjust fat kid raise he hand . fat kid yeah . why do you suck ? the other kid in the auditorium crack up . Fred smile , blushes , attempt to be a good sport , when he spot ... shaggy and scooby in the rear of the auditorium . scooby wave excitedly . fred shagster ? int . fred' HOTEL room - later Fred sit with shaggy and scooby . the yearbook and a tape recorder be in front of he . fred well , it 's obvious some sort of man in a mask apprehend you cousin . the important question be ... what kind of mask ? shaggy so you 'il go with we ? fred can not , shag . my book tour . tomorrow I be off to Evanston , I -- shaggy but what about this picture ? fred it 's either a coincidence , or they all get job at disneyland . ( continued ) 19 . continued : shaggy or a magic potion . fred shaggy . there be no such thing as supernatural phenomenon . shaggy like you be leave out the prove entity , right ? fred such as ? shaggy leprechaun . scooby ralking releron ! shaggy yeah , walk skeleton . scooby rankenrerry . shaggy right , fr -- no , scoob . frankenberry 's a guy on a cereal box . ( to Fred ) right ? he 's not a real guy , be he ? Fred be strike by a idea . fred it could be a hypno-wheel . shaggy that red-and - white twirly thing that make you act like a chicken ? fred ( nodd ) Amnesty International have declare hypno-wheel a violation of basic human rights , ever since pol pot employ one during the khmer rouge . ( continued ) 20 . continued : shaggy think of it , Fred ! that have be the kind of thing that could get a guy , like , global press . right ? + fred ( smile ) out of rinky - dink fan convention and back on leno . int . psychologist 's office a group sit in a circle of chair . a psychologist read from a list on she clipboard . psychologist velma dinkley ... why do not you tell we why you enrol in group therapy ? velma dinkley be within the circle . she have a difficult time share she feeling . velma my fellow student in the Ph.D. mathematics program tell I I be ... psychologist bitter ? velma I be in a group for a long time where I do not get the credit I deserve . no one notice I , and ... patient # 1 what be the group ? velma ( mumble ) mystery , Incorporated . patient # 2 the guy with the big dog ? psychologist scooby - doo ? patient # 1 right ! and Fred Jones . ( continued ) 21 . continued : velma nod , uncomfortable , half - attempt a smile . patient # 3 yeah ! they have that chick , daphne . patient # 2 oh my God , she be hot ! she be bo hot ! patient # 1 which one be you ? velma velma ... she just say my name a second ago . patient # 1 I do not remember a thelma . ext . psychologist 's parking lot - later velma exit the office with the other patient . she do not socialize . she head to she dodge . she hear a car honk . and turn . the colorful mystery Machine van be here . it 's rusted , beat , and fade . Fred , shag , and scoob wait in it . velma jinkie . int . mystery machine - later velma sit in the park van with shaggy and Fred . velma where have you find the mystery Machine ? fred I track it down on ebay a couple year back ! I charge fan fifteen buck for a ride around the block . a angry scoob be tightly crossing he arm in the back seat . velma what 's wrong with he ? ( continued ) 22 . continued : shaggy he 's still miff you call he a moron when we be break up . fred well , scoob , you have to admit -- relatively speak , measure against a human , you be a moron . scooby , offended , snatch a notebook off the back seat . he furiously write something on it . fred so , velma , be you in ? this 's 1ll be a real doozy of a news story if all five of we go . velma on one condition . when we announce the hypno- wheel to the press , I take the tv interview . scooby show the notebook to velma , to prove that he 's not a moron . it read : 12 + 7 = 12 velma that 's not right . scooby fiddle with the equation . Fred look at shaggy . fred but it 's tradition that I do that . velma Fine . forget it . fred break tradition , that 's like ... hang turd on a Christmas tree . scooby I rid rat once . shaggy do not remind I , scoob ! velma sit , say nothing , stare forward . fred well ... heck , all right . ( continued ) 23 . continued : Fred ruffle velma 's hair like a little kid . she angrily slap he hand away . ext . japanese garden - later scooby , shaggy , velma , and Fred cross the garden toward a dojo . scooby be still write in the notebook . a sign read " tai chi academy . " velma okay , when we get in there , just follow my lead . daphne 's not go to want to go because of Fred . fred why ? she dig I . scooby hold up the notebook again : 12 + 7 = 125 velma no . velma open the door . a martial art match be occur . int . dojo daphne , in a dash eggplant karate robe with a lime belt , be take on numerous student at once . a instructor watch . she karate chop a attack asian student in the neck . two student hurl themselves toward she . she somersault over they . she downs one with a swipe to the spine and another with a heel to the kidney . daphne stand freeze , crouch , she fist out in front of she in Flying Lotus stance . the student lie in mangle pain around she . instructor excellent , daphne -san . you be learn to harness you chi . they hear clap . daphne turn to see the gang . ( continued ) 24 . continued : daphne what be you do here ? - ( to Fred ) especially you ? fred hey . do not be sharp just ' cause freddy give you the heave - ho . scooby ( to Fred ) re ras rinky . daphne I be stinky ?! shaggy clingy . he say you be clingy . daphne I break up with you , freddy ! velma mystery ink be reforming . daphne yippee . my answer 's no way ! velma I understand . let 's go , guy . everyone , follow velma 's lead , start to leave . this startles daphne . daphne where be you go -- what do you mean , ' you understand ? 's velma it 's easy for we . but for you , always get capture and tie up , always have to be save by someone else . I can see where be the damsel in distress be humiliate . daphne but I be not like that anymore ! I have slowly kind of turn my body into sort of a dangerous weapon ! velma smile patronizingly . she and the other exit . ( continued ) 25 . continued : daphne stand , agonize , tear . she beat she hand against she forehead , annette bening -style . then she succumb . daphne dammit . wait ! ext . coolsville airport - establishing - day a plane take off overhead . int . coolsville airport bathroom daphne stand with velma . daphne that guy be gonna look like total , total idiot when they be capture and then I be the one that 's save they !... scooby , hold still ! she 's put lipstick on a distract scooby . he wear a gray wig , floppy bonnet , and a pair of teardrop , jewelry - studd glass . daphne hold a old lady 's driver 's license up beside he face . daphne what do you think ? do he look like my grandma-ma ? velma stare without expression at daphne . int . coolsville airport Fred wheel he luggage to a list of twa departure time . the board list flight to L.A. , St. Louis , New York , as well as one flight to spooky Island , leave at 4:10 . shaggy expertly play a fifty cent crane machine . the grabber grip a stuff dragon . shaggy guide it into the slot . hoot triumphantly . spot fred. shaggy Fred ! check out all this thing I wont ! pred eye a pile of stuff creature beside shaggy . ( continued ) 26 . continued : fred cool . where be k.d. lang and malibu barbie ? shaggy disguise scooby . like , ' cause if he have to ride in a kennel he get all claustrophobic . Fred , horrify , see something down the hall behind shag . fred oh my God . scooby be have a heck of a time stay upright in high heel . daphne help he walk . his body waver and jerk . a young boy and he mommy pass scooby . the Boy point . young boy mommy , what 's wrong with that lady ? mommy smile at scooby . she speak out of the side of she mouth while shove she son 's point finger down . mommy be nice , Larry . she have a disease . daphne whisper to scooby . daphne good boy . just keep you balance . they arrive at shaggy and Fred . a pleased scooby freakishly grin and give they the thumb -up . scooby rooby rockin’ good !? velma will not look directly at he . velma make he cut that out . it 's creepy . Fred theatrically throw he palm downward in the middle of the gang . the other stare at he . ( continued ) 27 . continued ; shaggy what ? - fred before we get on the plane , let 's do that thing where we put we hand on top of each other , then lift they up and go , ' whoo hoo ! 's scooby rokay ! scooby put he paw on Fred 's hand . scooby roo _ hoo ! fred wait for everybody , scoob . scooby rorry . Fred stare at the other , pump up , grin widely . daphne I be not go to do it unless velma and shaggy do it . shaggy people be watch . velma shake she head a little and grimace . the three of they walk away . Fred and scooby stand alone , they fake smile fade , they hand on top of each other . scooby roo hoo ? int . airport gate - moment later a airport clerk collect ticket at the gate . passenger file by . airport clerk please have i.d. ready with you ticket ! daphne show the clerk she driver 's license . ( continued ) 28 . continued : the clerk nod , rip she ticket , and daphne pass through . - shaggy , peer nervously back , give he he ticket and id . the clerk rip he ticket , and shaggy pass through . scooby hand the clerk he ticket and id . the clerk look at the photo of daphne 's grandmother . scooby , pretend to have no tooth , do a melodramatic senior citizen voice . scooby I be a rittle old rady ! the clerk stare at he . velma , behind scooby , explain . velma since that photo my grandmother 's contract acromegaly . ( whisper ) the elephant man disease . the clerk nod sympathetically . he rip the ticket . airport clerk God bless you , mar ’am . ext . airplane - evening the plane soar over the sunset and wispy cloud . int . airplane College student abound , many of they tattooe punk and goth rocker and hippie . scooby , shaggy , and Fred sit across the aisle from a upper crust coed . scooby notice a cat in a sherpa bag in the space at the foot of the coed . the cat hiss at he . scooby , still dress as the old lady , growl . his lip roll up . the coed give scooby a uneasy look . shaggy ( sotto voce ) scooby , cut it out . scooby stop . ( continued ) 29 . continued : scooby rorry . 7 Fred have hypno- wheel note and diagram on a tray in front of he . but he ignore they for a moment , stare longingly at daphne , who sit a couple row down . shaggy you still have like a thing for she , do not you ? Fred look at he . shaggy daphne . fred that 's ludicrous . shaggy then what 's this ? shaggy point to some doodle next to Fred 's note : heart that read " Fred + daphne 4ever , " and the like , and poorly - draw picture of daphne . Fred scramble and shut it . fred do not be touch my private thing ! the cat hiss at scooby again . scooby lose it , bark at the cat . everyone look at the bark old lady . shaggy scooby ! fred shaggy , it 's simple behavior modification . to cause a dog to discontinue any action , you flick he on the nose . observe . scoob ? scooby turn to Fred . fred when you bark , this be what happen . Fred flick scooby on the nose . scooby stare a moment . then he punch Fred eight time in the face , hard . 30 . ext . spooky island airport - night the gang and student descend a stairwell from the plane . scooby tear away he disguise , and gaze out at : a cobblestone walkaway lead from the plane onto this eighth -rate disneyland . native line the walkway . they vend skull key chain , t-shirt , and plastic leis form to resemble intestine . loudspeaker emit scary music . fred okay , gang , let 's spread that photo of isabel around , see if anyone know she . then we will see if we can locate the hyno -wheel . the gang fan out at the bottom of the stairg . they each have a photograph of isabel , which they show to the native . daphne stand with one employee . daphne she come in last week . isabel Rogers . have you see she ? nice native ( employee ) Boy , I have like to help . but I have not . sorry . shaggy show a picture to n’goo tauna , a large , friendly albino wear a slick suit . n’goo have a strange accent . n’goo no , I do not recognize she . be this you dog ? n’goo look at scooby - doo . shaggy nod . n’goo it be unarguably the most beautiful animal I have once hold eye on ! enthused native May I ... pet you dog !? shaggy shrug . the native gather around scooby , coo and awing as they pet he . scooby dig the attention , but be a bit ticklish . n’goo look at shaggy . n’goo I be n’goo tauna , the proprietor of the Island 's hotel . you come along in my cart . I drive the werewolf ! ( continued ) 31 . continued : a line of golf cart wait at the end of the walkway . each cart be adorn with a different monster theme : the mummy , dracula , King Kong , a smurf , etc . ( monster theme = a paper - mache monster head on top of the cart ) . ext . walk of horror - moment later N ' goo drive the werewolf cart down the cobblestone pathway . gaudy animatronic statue loom on either side of the lane . the statue be weathered , with part chip away : famous monster , cheesy ghost in sheet , and skeleton miss bone . they chomp and grab at passersby . the gang be crowded together in the cart . Fred and velma sit the front seat with n’goo . the rest be in back . n’goo you come here to face the demon ? velma yes . and afterwards we be go to Pirates of the Caribbean to stop the horrible mutilation go on there . n’goo ha ha ! one who be doubting ! fred we have come here to disprove you demon . I be a author . Fred Jones . n’goo mm. ring no bell . fred perhaps you know one of my book : the bermuda triangle , what crap , or bigfoot : bull : - n’goo shake he head . fred I be very famous in the U.S. scooby , in the back seat , bury he face in shaggy 's chest . shaggy it 's okay , scoob . they be only machine . ( continued ) 32 . continued : scooby peer up and see a animatronic frankenberry chomping on the bloody arm of a dead tittle girl . scooby scream at the top of he lung . daphne oh my God . be not that ... the cast of ' Friends 's ? it be indeed a animatronic cast of " Friends . " eat a dog . ext . altar - moment later the golf cart pull around a stone altar and a circular stone platform . weed poke through the platform 's erack surface . in the center of the platform be a large stone bowl cover with carving of demon . the gang gather beside a mope rental stand beside the platform . mondavarious approach a podium and microphone on the altar . he be a genuinely spooky bald man with a goatee in the shape of a arrow . he wear mystical flow purple robe , and he have a large key hang from he belt . harko stand by mondavarious 's side . Zarko be a huge mexican ex-wrestler , bare - chest but for cross suspender . a mask cover the upper half of he face . mondavarious , stilted and detach , read a speech . mondavarious welcome to spooky Island . my name be mondavarious . lock away in my castle of horror -- mondavarious motion toward the colorful fiberglass castle on the mountain . mondavarious I have dedicated my life to the study of demonology and have find demon to be very ... he turn to the next page . mondavarious frighten . I would like to introduce my bodyguard . his name be Zarko . you may recognize he from telemundo as the famous mask wrestler , Zarko . good luck . I hope you stay here be a horrifying one . ( continued ) 33 . continued : mondavarious start to leave , then stop and stare out at the crowd . he say this one thing with feel : mondavarious oh , and be sure to return to you lodging by midnight . demon prowl the forest after midnight , in search of fresh , young soul . mondavarious grin . scooby jump into shaggy 's arm , shiver . scooby remon ! native stand in file line on the circular platform . flame shoot up from the bowl in the center of the platform . drummer drum beside the platform . the native do a synchronize dance . they chant a strange , unearthly song : native a ringio a wado set ba bingam tom anani fott ree kimio a rako ling this be what we demon sing . a enormous , diaphanous demon goddess appear in the flame . she have a evil hawk 's head and the body of a voluptuous woman . she wail a siren song . the college student step back in awe . scooby and shaggy scream . this time shaggy jump in scooby 's arm . velma look , you chicken . there 's a holographic camera place -- velma point out camera project the " demon goddess " into the center of the flame . ( continued ) 34 . continued : velma there . and there . and there . it 's just a optical illusion . shaggy oh. hal ! holograph ! shaggy and scooby giggle and poke each other for be fraidy cat . daphne be show the mope rental guy the picture of isabel . he shake he head . she turn towards the other . daphne no one recognize shaggy 's cousin . fred we should head up to this mondavarious fellow 's castle . seem the most likely place to hide a hypno-wheel . scooby ro rastle ! shaggy we do not do castle ! velma why ? shaggy because castle have painting with eye that watch you and knight 's armor that 's a statue but there 's a guy inside who follow you every time you turn around ! daphne oh , come on , shaggy ! how many time have that happen ? shaggy twelve ! I be not gonna do it . daphne scooby -- scooby ruh-uh ! fred shag -- ( continued ) 35 . continued : shaggy no_way ! velma the castle will have food . scooby rood ? shaggy you think it have food ? because I do not , you know , eat any dinner . ext . forest - moment later four moped zoom uphill , ramping up into the air . scooby and shaggy share a mope . scooby drive , exhilated . shaggy hold on for dear life . shaggy slow down , scooby ! I think a little pee just come out of I ! ext . mondavarious castle - moment later velma , daphne , and Fred screech sideways to a stop , all in a clear line in front of the disneyesque castle . scooby try to do the exact same thing , but he mope run into the rest and they all fall down like domino . ext . mondavarious castle - moment later the gang stand on the castle porch . velma press a doorbell . it play a cheesy melody . scooby and shaggy be frighten . Fred be excited . fred a hypno- wheel could be we biggest coup since we team up with the harlem globetrotter and open a can of whoop -ass on redbeard 's ghost ! no one answer the door . shaggy no one 's here . let 's go . ( continued ) 36 . continued : velma let 's see if the door be unlock . scooby , try the door . scooby rhy be ? velma because if a demon tear you head off , we will have a warning . scooby - doo whine , hold up he limp paw . shaggy pull a scooby snack from he pocket . shaggy will you it for a scooby snack ? scooby brighten . he open he mouth wide . shaggy throw one up in the air and scooby catch it . scooby gag . the snack be catch in he throat . a panicked shaggy give he the heimlich maneuver . daphne , feed up , turn the doorknob herself . it 's open . she walk inside . scooby cough up the snack . it propel into a small moat . int . castle - moment later the other enter behind daphne . the castle interior contrast the phoney exterior ; it 's decorate in a colorful , suburban way : shag carpete , flower wallpaper . shaggy Zoink . not quite what I expect . scooby rive be another rooby Rack ! shaggy the rest be in my suitcase . scooby make a face as if shaggy kill he mother . fred okay , let 's split up and look for clue . daphne , you and I -- ( continued ) continued : 37 . daphne I do not think so , Fred . I know where you mind go when we get trap in a mummy 's tomb ! fred why be you all huffy ? what do I ever do to you ? daphne you cheat on I , freddy , with every fan you could get you hand on ! you be like a lion with impalas , look for the one that be wounded or too young to know any better ... I be go with shaggy and scooby . velma typical . daphne what ? velma just like it always be . I be always pick last for the team . daphne team ? velma you little clique . you and Fred over here , shaggy and scooby over there . I be always the third wheel . fred Fine . velma , come with I . I want you to . I be very excited about it . int . castle - library daphne run she finger along the book on a long bookshelf , a combination of grisham novel , self - help tome by fulghum , and withere volume on occult subject . scooby , beside she , can see through a doorway into a kitchen . he poke shaggy , and they move toward it . ( continued ) 38 . continued : daphne arrive at a book , Men be from Mars , J be from Hell , by John Gray . she remove it . '' as she do , the bookshelf twirl open , lead into a tiny room . a ancient text sit on a lectern beneath a single lamp . int . castle - hallway Fred and velma walk along a wall with frame photo of Anne gedd 's baby . velma we can split up now . it be nice of you to pretend . but I know you would have rather go with the other guy . ( beat ) it 's because I be ugly , be not it ? fred velm ! no. heck , stocky chick turn I on every now and again . velma glare at he . fred what ? that be a compliment . they pass a picture of a kid dress up like a cabbage . its eye follow they , watch . int . castle - library daphne eye the heavily - bound text . it read , in gold : daemon ritus . she open it to reveal Latin text on parched , crumble page , hundred of year old . some passage be mark in yellow highlighter . int . castle - kitchen shaggy and scooby be cover in food from the refrigerator and cabinet . shaggy swallow a sardine , and burp . scooby - doo chuckle . he copy shaggy , let out a small burp . ( continued ) 39 . continued : shaggy laugh , too . he roll back he head and burp obnoxiously loud . ~ scooby yank on he own tail , pretend this triggers a draw - out belch . shaggy slap the back of he head and make a burp fall into he hand , clutching it . he open he hand and let the burp out of he hand ( burping again ) . scooby concentrate , squinting one eye . he fart . shaggy ha ! you ask for it ! shaggy stick he butt to the side . he work hard at push out a long , uneven -sound fart . daphne enter the kitchen doorway behind shaggy , hold daemon ritus . shaggy do not see she . scooby slice he finger across he throat in a " cut it out " gesture . shaggy I do not think so ! I be not stop till all you fur be singe off ! shaggy crack up as he continue to pass a inhuman amount of gas . scooby point surreptitiously behind shaggy . shaggy , still laugh and farting , look behind he daphne stare at he . shaggy 's smile disappear . his fart stop mid-sound . daphne I think we be try to save you cousin . shaggy yeah . right . that be not I ... that be , um , the , um ... plumbing ? scooby crack up . daphne I find this weird book . daphne plop the daemon ritus on the counter . scooby and shaggy peer at it over daphne 's shoulder . 40 . insert - page beneath the yellow highlight text on parched paper , be a illustration of thousand of demon rush down as human scream in horror . back to scene scooby rake a rood r-rirt . shaggy yeah ! it would make a good T - shirt . daphne you guy . she turn the page . scooby and shaggy love it . scooby shaggy oooh ! rool ! whoa ! daphne it 's a demon eat a baby 's head ! shaggy yeah , but you put like , you know , a band name over it . they hear a door unlocking . int . castle mondavarious and Zarko enter hurriedly . harko two go this way ! the other , el cocina ! int . castle - hallway Zarko and mondavarious move swiftly down the hallway . they move past three large ming vase . after they pass they , daphne , shaggy , and scooby stick they head out of they . daphne come on ! they start to get out of they . shaggy panic ; he shoulder be lodge in the vase . ( continued ) 41 . continued : shaggy I be stick ! scooby run away . daphne try to pull shaggy out , but be unable . daphne crap ! scooby , where be you go ? int . castle - kitchen - moment later Zarko and mondavarious enter . food be all over the kitchen . the daemon ritus be on the counter . | mondavarious run he finger along the bind . the highlight page have be tear away . he turn to Zarko . mondavarious why do not you stop they ? harko I do . they just do not know it yet . ext . mondavarious castle Fred and velma be on they moped as scooby get on he . daphne roll the ming vase with shaggy in it out the front door . fred what be you do ?! daphne oh , we just think it have be fun to roll shaggy around in a vase . fred why now ? ! velma she 's kid . fred oh . daphne close she eye . she make a hum sound . she slowly pull back she fist . ( continued ) 42. continued : shaggy what 's she do ?! I think - she 's gonna hit I ! velma she 's summoning she chi . daphne 's fist fly forward , shatter the vase , without touch shaggy . he 's relieved not to be hurt . shaggy thanks , daph . daphne smile . nod . straddle she mope . fred let 's all meet back at the hotel . daphne , Fred , and velma take off . shaggy get on the mope behind scooby . shaggy scooby , you totally abandon I ! scooby rorry . scooby kick-start he engine . beside he kickstand , a hole have be poke into the gas tank . Gas stream out . ext . forest - moment later Fred , velma , and daphne zip by , down the steep hill . shaggy and scooby be behind they , but they mope be putter and slow . finally , it stop . ext . holiday inn - establishing a brightly - light hotel in the middle of the dark forest . Fred , velma , and daphne be enter . int . holiday inn - lobby as Fred , velma , and daphne come through the door , they be almost topple by two giggle student in they underwear , chase and spraying shave cream on each other . ( continued ) 43. continued : fred we will reconvene here at eight ~ '' in the morning . velma and daphne nod . int . holiday inn - bar - moment later velma sit down at a bar beside a longhaire metal head . she look at the bartender . velma a coca - cola please . the bartender set she up with Coke in a glass . metal head you be the one I see talk to that mystery ink guy ! you know they ? velma stare at he . on she other side , a mischievous student pour vodka into she Coke . she do not see . she take a sip of she Coke . she be surprised by its tasty quality . she take another . ext . forest scooby and shaggy stand beside the dead mope . scooby re be out of ras . shaggy I guess we like have to walk , man . we better hope we do not have fresh , young soul , scoob ! shaggy laugh loudly . scooby snicker with vigor . shaggy laugh a little quieter . scooby laugh quieter . shaggy stop laugh . scooby do too . shaggy 's mouth be a flat line . scooby be also not amused . int . daphne 's holiday inn room daphne unpack she suitcase , which lie open on she bed . ( continued ) 44 . continued : she remove a eggplant and pink body suit on a hanger . there 's a knock at the door . daphne hold on ! daphne open the door . hey , it 's Fred . he smile mischievously as he lean against the doorway . daphne shaggy and scooby show up ? fred velma 's wait for they in the bar downstairs . int . holiday inn - bar a drunken velma be hold aloft by a cadre of student . she whoops as she swirl she turtleneck sweater over she head . back to daphne 's room fred they be probably with she by now . you find any evidence of a hypno - wheel ? daphne no . but I think mondavarious may take demon more seriously than he let on . fred you be say you believe there 's actual demonic activity on this island ? daphne no ... but ... Fred start to enter . daphne what be you do ? fred we have adjoin room . I x11 leave my side unlock . daphne put she hand on he chest , stop he . ( continued ) 45 . continued : daphne you think we be go to share room ?! fred we have a long history . daphne so do godzilla and King Kong . but that do not mean they should have sex . fred come on ... I miss you . daphne I want nothing to do with you , freddy ! fred we fit together like lego ! daphne back then , right . when I be always pretend -- fred pretend ? daphne that I be weak and that you be strong and that you be smarter than I ! so you have like I , Fred ! all right ? Fred snicker . daphne you do not believe I ?! fred wellll -- daphne remember when the cheddar cheese ghost capture I ?! fred sure . daphne you think I think he be real ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : fred you be terrify -- - daphne he_ have cheddar cheese for a head ! I let he capture I , so you could save I . ' oh , help ! help ! 's give I a break ! and I 'il tell you , that be not the only thing I fake ! fred slow down ! daphne but I be over the co-dependent damsel - in-distress crap . all right ? I do not want you . I do not like you . and that ' ascot 's ? it make you look gay . daphne shut the door in he face . ext . holiday inn - hallway Fred stand in front of daphne 's close door . he 's speechless for a moment . then : fred that thing on you head ... that ... barrette ... headband ... maybe ... maybe that make you look gay ! do you ever think of that ?! a may pass by . Fred smile at she , embarrassed . fred I could not think of anything better . ext . winding path - later scooby - doo and a bedraggle shaggy wend they way up through the forest . scooby trail a few foot behind . eerie tree loom over they like phantom . shaggy my bone be aching . my foot be tired . and my soul be guess it 's past midnight . heh . ( continued ) 47 . continued : scooby spot a frog . he playfully try to slap he paw down on the frog . the frog leap into the wood . scooby bound off after it , disappear into the tree . shaggy you know what I be say , scoob ? shaggy turn toward scooby . he 's not there . shaggy scoob ? ext . forest - moment later shaggy maneuver between tree and into the darker wood . shaggy scooby - doo , where be you ?! bushes rustle beside shaggy . relieved , he move toward the rustling . shaggy like , what be you do , man ? you be always mess around , when we be suppose to -- shaggy separate the branch . instead of scoob , he see : shaggy Pov a humongous slit pair of eye in the darkness , a strike combination of flesh , flame , and black ember . back to scene the flame eye spring toward shaggy . shaggy run . the eye jounce behind he , toward he . shaggy stumble into ... ext . brook - side clearing scooby - doo be here , chase the frog in circle , try to paw it . shaggy look behind he . the eye be no longer there . ( continued ) 48. continued : scooby raggy , a rog ! - shaggy go! scooby rhy ? scooby see the flame eye appear over shaggy 's head . scooby - doo scream at the top of he lung . shaggy see the eye . he scream . the frog see the eye . the frog scream . the frog hop into the brook . ext . forest shaggy and scooby shriek like girl as they dash away . they spot the light holiday Inn as they make they way to the edge of the forest . ext . holiday inn - moment later scooby yank on the handle . scooby it 's rock ! they slam they fist on the door . shaggy scooby help ! open up ! relp ! scooby notice a buzzer and intercom . he press it . intercom guy ( v.o. ) yeah ? scooby ret rus in ! intercom guy ( v.o. ) what ? scooby rs ns be in rill we ! intercom guy ( v.o. ) what do you , get a dead jellyfish in you mouth ?! sober up , jack ! the rule be no one in past midnight . ( continued ) 49 . continued : scooby , panicked , take a run start and flail himself painfully into the front door . ~ shaggy see the eye stagger toward they . he can make eut its gigantic shape . shaggy yes , we be sorry . we apologize . we have be bad -- but let we in , you pinhead , it 's about to tear we fresh , young soul from we body ! intercom guy ( v.0 . ) ( mumb1 ) well ... as long as you admit you have be bad . the buzzer buzy . scooby and shaggy fling open the door . they throw themselves inside . int . holiday inn - lobby shaggy and scooby slam the door shut . they lock the door . they turn and see : numerous student in the lobby , watch . some be gather on the second floor stairwell , look down to see what all the commotion be about . the Metal head and velma be in front . velma be sloshed . metal head why be you dude bang on the door like a bunch of whiny little wuss ? velma thcooby . doo ! you know what doo ith ? itsth another name for poop . you name ith scooby ... poop ! shaggy and scooby push furniture in front of the front door to block it . shaggy velma , it 's a demon ! velma ith a man in a mathk . ( continued ) 50 . continued : shaggy that 's a pretty good theory except for one thing . what ? shaggy they have fire instead of eye ! velma clutches the Metal head 's shoulder , about to cry . velma thith ith my betht frien . shaggy look around the room for thing to use as weapon . shaggy we need a plan ! how ' bout we ... like , we fashion , like , a giant crossbow out of the string of that -- that grand piano ... metal head baby grand . shaggy baby grand , right ... and a , like ... shaggy spy a tall , upright halogen lamp . shaggy a halogen lamp as a arrow ! the Metal head look at he like he 's a idiot . int . holiday inn - lounge area scooby sit melancholily in a corner with cushy seat and a stand ashtray . scooby enter , panicked . scooby Red Red Red ! fred hey , scoob . buddy . scooby ronster raise be roo de rorest ! ( continued ) 51 . continued : fred that be you slamm on the door ? _ scooby nod . Fred stand , feed up . fred man , this be the most embarrassing thing you have do since you decide to clean you crotch at Don knott 's Christmas party ! ( aside ) not that I be not envious of you elasticity . scooby gnashes he tooth and walk like a monster . scooby ronster ! rig ! ranted to real rooby - doo 's roull fred how many time do I have to say it ? there be no such entity as ghost , ghoul , goblin , or monster ! at the end of every paranormal claim there be only fool seek fame , paranoid imagination , or charlatan look to make a buck ! there be absolutely -- absolutely -- no such thing as magi -- enormous demon twelve foot tall , smashes through the window . his eye be flame . his flatten head sink into he monstrously muscular body . his horrible claw be three foot long . his body be raw , pink , verrucose , and protoplasmic . it 's safe to say this be no man in a mask . the demon pick Fred up in its huge claw and smashes he against the wall , knock he unconscious . int . holiday inn - lobby another demon kick in the front door , shatter it . the piece knock velma down ; she glass fly off . the demon , partially visible in the doorway , let out a incredibly loud , pierce shriek , a noise seemingly surging directly from the bowel of Hell . ( continued ) 52 . continued : College student scream , flee in terror . scooby - doo enter , gallop out of the bar . scooby raggagagyyyyyy ! five screeching demon chase out of the bar after he . shaggy look around the room , realize something . shaggy we do not have enough halogen lamp ! we do not have enough halogen lamp at all ! demon smash furniture and pick up college student . some demon breathe a green mist on the student , a kind of gas that promptly knock the student unconscious . other slam student against the wall , a quick job of it . they fling the unconscious youth over they shoulder . they move onto the next victim . velma run she finger over the carpet , search for she specs . velma my glathes , my glathes ! velmam Pov vague blob shape ; then , she crack glass be hand to she . velma ( 0.s. ) thankth . that xth ... back to scene velma stand , put on she glass . she look to see who give they to she . it 's a grin demon . velma jinkie . the demon pick she up . he breathes green mist on she . 53 . int . holiday inn - baggage area scooby - doo fly into the room behind the front desk . Visitors 's luggage be pile here , wait to be bring to the proper room . some demon pass through the hall behind he , unaware of he . scooby dig through the suitcase , toss one out of the way after the other . he arrive at a olive suitcase with flower sticker . he throw it open . it 's fill with brown corduroy and green shirt . he throw aside the clothes , search in panic . then he find what he 's look for . he smile . it 's the pack of scooby snack garret give he . shriek demon burst through the doorway behind he . scooby toss a comb at they . as you might imagine , this do little good . he clutches the scooby snack bag in he mouth . he barrel away . int . holiday inn room daphne eat yogurt in bed . a very loud hong kong action movie on tv drown out the commotion below . she hear a knock at she door . daphne Fred ! do not I tell you -- she walk to the door . open it . shaggy look like a maniac . the extremity of the situation have push he into a nervous , quiet numbness . daphne shaggy ? he put he finger to he lip . shaggy shbh. ( whisper , point downstairs ) demon eat people . daphne demon what ? shaggy push she inside . he softly shut the door . ( continued ) 54 . continued : shaggy we will jump out the window . - shaggy totter to the window . daphne what ?! shaggy , you be be a weirdo . get out of my room ! shaggy pull up the shade . he peer outside . demon cling to the brick , crawl up the side of the hotel . shaggy window 's out . shaggy walk to the front door . he open it and peek outside . demon be smashing into room along the hallway . shaggy close the door . shaggy that way 's no good either . shaggy notice some suitcase strap on the bed . pick one up . begins type it . daphne what be you do ? shaggy I 'il make two noose . we ’1ll hang you first . I x11 make sure you be dead . this way like at least they will not get we soul . daphne Fine . if you do not leave , then I will ! daphne toss the door open , and move into ... 55 . int . holiday inn hallway daphne see the demon . he look up at she . int . holiday inn room - second later daphne slam the door shut , lock it . she 's speechless . shaggy nod and smile in understanding . a demon 's arm smashes through the window . the other demon kick in the front door . daphne back - flip next to the door that lead from room to room . she open the first door . shaggy daphne ! no ! grab a noose ! that doorway be only open on one side ! daphne grab the knob to the second door . she swing it open . it 's Fred 's room . daphne thank God freddy 's a scumbucket . a demon be about to grasp shaggy . shaggy dive after daphne into Fred 's room . int . fred ‘s HOTEL room shaggy lock the door behind he . the demon slam he fist through the door . it splinter . daphne dash through the front door . int . holiday inn hallway as daphne enter the hall , she find herself face another huge demon . daphne quickly close she eye , thrust she first out , start hum and summoning she chi . the demon poke she in the forehead with he huge finger , knock she out . he sling she over he shoulder . ( continued ) 56 . continued : shaggy run into the hall . he see shaggy over the demon 's shoulder . the demon slink down the hall like a ape . shaggy grab daphne 's forearm . he yank . she slide off the demon and into shaggy 's arm . shaggy run down the hall cradling she . the demon turn , see shaggy with daphne , and take chase . scooby appear , run up the stairwell with the scooby snack ( tm ) in he mouth . his path converge with shaggy . shaggy scooby ? what be you do -- ? ten of demon rush up the stairwell behind scooby . shaggy , carry daphne , and scooby run down the hall together . the horde of screeching demon chase they . a window be at the end of the hall . scooby leap toward the window . ext . holiday inn rear scooby - doo 's gargantuan body crash majestically through the glass . shaggy with daphne fly out behind he . they plummet twenty foot . they land on a long awning overhange the rear recreational area of the hotel . they slide down it , spin , and be flung splash into the hotel swim pool . the demon leap out the open window after they . but they be too heavy to slide down the awning . they tear through the fabric and land painfully on the hard concrete . scooby and shaggy and a walk daphne pull themselves out of the pool . the demon be far behind they . int . holiday inn ( boulder ) - moment later scooby and shaggy be hide behind a large boulder . they be peek around it . daphne be pace nervously . 57 . demon in the distance , head in a single file away from the Inn . unconscious student be sling over they shoulder . the Inn itself be in terrible condition , with shattered ' window , door , and huge hole in wall . shaggy they can not see we . I guess we be safe for the time be . daphne alrighty . so we need to figure out a way to defeat the demon , and then save Fred and velma . shaggy that 's sort of like my plan , which be get the heck out of here and let the demon eat Fred and velma . scooby open he bag of scooby snack ( tm ) . the bag be fill with water . he chew one and get a sour expression . he look at shaggy , who be dial he cell phone . shaggy you can not eat that . they be soak in chlorine . this upset scooby . a single tear fall down he face . daphne what be you do ? shaggy Calling the cop . daphne wait ! we do not need the police ! Fred and velma always figure out everything ! now it 's we turn ! for the first time they be the damsel in distress , not I ! shaggy daphne , you just be the damsel in distress . I save you . daphne 's lip quiver with this realization . she slump to the ground , against the boulder . daphne oh ... crap . it 's my destiny . I be trap in a endless , vicious cycle of be capture and save . ( continued ) 58 . continued : shaggy ( into phone ) - I no like to report like a kidnap . ( to daphne ) get some rest . we ’1ll wait here . scooby eat he scooby snack with a disgust look on he face , weep . fade to : ext . spooky island - dawn the sun peek over the tropical fun park , bleach away the terror of the night before . raimondo ( v.o. ) you the one call in the kidnap ? ext . holiday inn ( boulder ) shaggy and daphne blink themselves awake . hardbitten lieutenant raimondo and fresh - face officer fitzgibbon stand over they . scooby be write something on the rock . raimondo Lieutenant emilio raimondo , U.S. Coast Guard . this be Officer fitzgibbon . daphne I be daphne blake . shaggy Rogers . scooby poke raimondo . he point at a equation he 's write in the dust of the rock . 12 + 7 = 3.1415926535898 raimondo Way off . raimondo ready he notebook . raimondo so what 's up ? ( continued ) 59 . continued : shaggy like last night there be that demon here and they like smashed up the hotel ! raimondo look beyond the boulder at the holiday Inn . it 's in perfect condition . the shattered window , smashed door , and tatter awning be now new and clean . shaggy stare at it in shock . he move toward it . raimondo look all right now . shaggy they must have , like , come back and clean it up . they be like eighteen foot tall ! daphne shaggy , please ... Lieutenant , we be not just some crazy -- shaggy tap raimondo 's notebook . shaggy and they have eye that be fire ! write that down . a wholesome couple , happy and in perfect condition , walk out of the hotel . shaggy and daphne stare , unnerve . raimondo who , by name , have disappear ? daphne we friend , velma dinkley and Fred Jones . shaggy and every other guest here ... except ... I guess ... that two . another twenty student emerge from the hotel , laugh , prepare for a day of fun in the sun . all the student -- once punk , burnout , and hippie -- be now clean - cut . daphne , shaggy , and scooby be shocked . n’goo , the albino , approach the Coast Guard . ( continued ) 60 . continued : N ' goo officer , be there 's a problem of some sort here ? raimondo this folk claim they friend be abduct last night . n’goo laugh . raimondo what 's so funny ? not goo they have obviously mistooken we monster show for something from they real life ! raimondo ' monster show 's ? not goo I must never pass up opportunity to show the local constabulary a demonstration of we very frightening presentation ! come ! int . holiday inn lobby - moment later n’goo , the Coast Guard , shaggy , scooby , and daphne stand in the lobby . it be also in pristine condition . n’goo at the time of midnight , the show begin here . the kid be hang out . they be have the fun time . then , all of the sudden : a " demon " burst out of the closet . it 's a man of normal height in a wear , tear costume , a very poor approximation of the demon the night before . a zipper run down its back . its blink red eye be fashioned from Christmas light . " demon " grrrrrrrr ! grrrr ! n’goo ( mock fear ) oh no what be happen ! it be a actual demon from Hell ! and , then -- ( continued ) 61 . continued : two more guy in costume run out of the bar . one be a mummy . the other wear a pink rabbit costume with fang glue to it and a thick frown draw with a sharpie over its eye . they growl and wave they arm in a unconvincing manner . - n‘goo oh no ! what be I go to do ?! I be force into throw peanut ! in a feign panic , n’goo throw a bowl of peanut at the monster . the mummy clutches he eye . mummy ow ! n‘goo but it do no good ! my life be in danger ! they be come to eat my very soul ! the monster crowd in on n’goo . the " demon " bump into a coffee table . n’goo turn to the officer . N ‘’goo see ? this be all that happen . shaggy but ... like ... that be not what happen ... like at all ! they be not bad actor in costume ! rabbit four year at Yale Drama , pal . shaggy this guy have zipper on they back ! n‘goo yes , but in the darkness of night ... oh ho ! shaggy last night they be ... big ! n‘goo ( to raimondo ) one of we actor , Stuart , be not here today . he be six - foot-three . you do not want to meet he in a dark alley . ( continued ) 62 . continued : shaggy they have tooth ... they breathe the " demon " press a bulb under he arm and a green spray spray out of a tube on he chin . raimondo return he notebook to he pocket . he give shaggy a hard stare and speak to fitzgibbon . raimondo let 's go . daphne Lieutenant . we friend Fred and velma be miss . now until that mystery be solve , I suggest you unholster you notebook . okay ? mummy Fred and velma ? I see they this morning , over at Dead Mike 's . daphne gawk at the mummy . ext . dead mike 's sport bar - later Dead Mike 's be a bright , splashy , island bar , a mix aesthetic of sport team and horror . its logo be a neon skull with baseball bat crossbone . we hear the music of spandau ballet 's " true . " int . dead mike 's sport bar - later Fred sing karaoke melodramatically into a microphone . his ascot be go . his hair be short , above he ear . fred ' so funny how it seem always in time but never in line for dream head over heel when toe to toe this be the sound of my soul ! this be the sound ! 's velma enter frame , also with a microphone . her hair be in abun . she 's wear makeup and a sun dress . she thrust she fist in front of she , sing with gusto . the crowd whoops and applaud . ( continued ) 63 . continued : velma ' I buy a ticket to the world ! but now I have come back again ! 's fred /velma ' why do we find it hard to write the next line ? oh we want the truth to be say ! 's shaggy , scooby , and daphne stand in the rear of the crowd , stare in numbe shock . raimondo and fitzgibbon be with they . velma and Fred grip hand as they sing the chorus together . fred / velma ' huh huh huh hu - uh huh we know this much be true huh huh huh hu - uh huh we know this much be true 's shaggy Zoink ! they have be brainwash ! the demon have a hypno-wheel ! daphne ( confuse , disturb ) I be go to ... the lady 's room . raimondo and fitzgibbon start to leave . shaggy wait ! shaggy notice a pretty young woman beyond raimondo . she 's clap and sing along with Fred and velma . shaggy isabel ?! isabel turn toward he . her hair be now straight down and conservative . her makeup be tasteful eye shadow . her clothes be a colorful sweater - skirt combination . isabel oh , hi ! shaggy you be here ?! why have you leave that phone message ?! ( continued ) 64 . continued : isabel giggle . isabel I just think the show be real for a minute , and , whoopsie ! shaggy what happen to you hair ? you clothes ? isabel it be time for a change ! I mean , golly - wolly , I be a teenager ! we change all the time ! shaggy stare at she , confound . he spot the codst Guard walk out the front door . shaggy wait here , okay ?! just wait ! int . dead mike 's women 's rest room - moment later daphne stare at herself in the bathroom mirror . the faucet be run . daphne okay , daphne ... chill out ... there 's some reasonable expla ... oh , God . she lean over . she splashes water on she face . she lift she head . Zarko , the mask wrestler , be in the mirror . he 's stand behind she . he grab she . he quickly pin she to the floor in a wrestle hold . daphne no fair ! let go ! this do not count ! I do not have time to summon my chi ! ext . dead mike 's sport bar - day shaggy and scooby follow raimondo and fitzgibbon as they pace quickly away from the bar . ( continued ) 65 . continued : shaggy listen ! there 's something wrong with this place ! you have to take all of we with you off this island ! fitzgibbon speak into a walkie-talkie . fitzgibbon moira , do a check on a norville ' shaggy 's Rogers from coolsville , maryland . shaggy if you know Fred and velma or my cousin , you have know that that be even weirder than eighteen - foot demon ! like , who say ' golly - wolly ’? raimondo who say ' zoink 's ? scooby good roint . fitzgibbon ( into walkie - talkie ) yeah ... yeah ... thanks , moira . raimondo Rogers get a jacket ? fitzgibbon no ... but the dog have three sheet . he 's want on leash law violation , overdue vaccine , no registration , two act of defecate in the park -- shaggy scooby ! scooby shrug . scooby I rad do go . raimondo yeah , Rogers , we will take you with we . but if we do , we get to put you mutt to sleep . ( continued ) 66 . continued : scooby rut I be not rire . - shaggy sleep , scoob . like what happen to scrappy . scooby yelp and bite he nail . shaggy stop follow they . he watch they go . he grudgingly start back toward the bar . raimondo and fitzgibbon turn the corner of the bar . n’goo tauna and a horde of tough henchman be stand there , wait . raimondo what the ...? int . dead mike 's sport bar - moment later shaggy and scooby enter . the place be suddenly abandon . the stage be empty . the sport - horror theme be decidedly more spooky . dummy in pro team uniform hang from noose . a giant shrunken head in a football helmet also dangle from the rafter . shaggy yipe . where have everybody go ? scooby see Fred through a small window on the kitchen door . he bound toward the door . scooby Red ! int . dead mikea kitchen scooby enter the twin door . he see Fred , velma , isabel , and some college student gather around a small table eat cereal . fred hey , scooby ! you guy miss a real kicky time last night ! scooby ricky rime ? shaggy enter behind scooby -doo . ( continued ) 67 . continued : fred the fellow in the demon costume take we back to a big cavern , and we all have some scrumptious chocolate cake ! shaggy how could that be costume ? Fred , where 's you ascot ?! velma , you be wear makeup ! velma do not a girl have a right to look pretty every now and then ? everybody laugh . shaggy and scooby look nervously at they . velma turn away from they , gaze out a kitchen window , she back to they . velma you know , one thing that monster do be pretty scary . scooby stare at she , wonder . velma that blood - curdle scream they let out before they attack . scooby a ream ? velma look over she shoulder at a confuse scooby -doo . velma you know , sort of like ... velma open she mouth and release a loud , pierce sereech . her eye wash over into a bright red . shaggy and scooby holler . they look around they : Fred stand , throw back he chair . isabel jump onto the table , crouching like a panther . they eye be all red . they all screech . fred rixnort caal ene , topara ! ekenchumen , riko ! shaggy and scooby run . the possess human take chase . shaggy trip , but the horde just run over he body . they seem only to care about scooby . ( continued ) 68 . continued : scooby gallop toward a bucket of pine - sol at the end of a long industrial metal table for prepare food . he scoops up the bucket and throw it onto the metal counter . he jump onto the counter , the pine- gol a lubricant ease he slide down its length and toward a fire exit . scooby slide past a long hero sandwich and out of frame . quickly , scooby reemerges in the frame . the sight of the sandwich have make he forget everything . scooby momm ! scooby grab a piece . shaggy yell at he from the floor . shaggy forget the sandwich ! get out of here ! scooby see the horde near he . he leap off the counter toward the fire exit . he slam through it . the FIRE alarm sound . ext . cliff behind dead mike 's scooby run out onto a small area of grassland . the rear of Dead Mike 's sit directly on the end of a enormous cliff , hundred of yard up from the rocky ocean . scooby almost run off it . he turn to see he possess friend circle he . he stand on he hind leg , trap . int . dead mikea kitchen shaggy can see out the open door , where the possess human approach scooby . he search around the room . shaggy oh boy oh boy . oh boy . oh ... shaggy look at a wall phone . it have a very long cord . he snatch the receiver off the hook . he tie the cord around he waist . shaggy take a deep breath . he dart outside . 69 . ext . cliff behind dead mike 's shaggy run between the possess human . shaggy hold on , scoob ! shaggy grab scooby and jump with he off the edge of the cliff . scooby clamp onto shaggy . they fall , scream , for a bit ( it 's a extraordinarily long phone cord ) . then they snap to a sudden stop . shaggy and scooby peer down at the wave crash up against the rocky cliff . they swing back and forth . shaggy this stink . scooby gaze up at the red-ey human , growl . scooby rhy be relma and Red in ruch a rad mood ? shaggy that 's not a bad mood , scooby ! they be like demon ! scooby remon !? scooby scream at the top of he lung for a long time . shaggy stare at he , nonpluss . they start to rise . they look up . Fred be slowly yanking they back up . shaggy fish in he pocket for something . he pull out a Red Cross knife . shaggy remember when we take that diving lesson , scoob ? shaggy start to cut the phone cord . scooby ro. shaggy no ?! the cord be cut . shaggy and scooby scream as they fall . scooby plummet , spin in the air , try to get he bearing . finally , he do ; he dive straight down . shaggy and scooby hit the ocean . 70 . ext . underwater shaggy and scooby submerge deep into the water . . ext . beach - moment later scooby and shaggy lope onto the shore . scooby rub he head in pain , a bit angry . scooby roo rurt ry read . shaggy I what ?! scooby rurt ry read . shaggy you know , scoob , that 's the type of thing that piss -- that 's like a little bit like not grateful , do not you think ? scooby it rut ! shaggy I just save you life , man ! scooby you rew be off a riff ! shaggy I go back for you ! which be unlike -- I x11 tell you this , man -- very unlike what you do when I get stick in that vase . you just run away like a little baby ! scooby rou be a rittle raby . shaggy you be ! scooby rou be ! shaggy shut up , scooby . velma 's right . you be a moron . scooby be very hurt by this . ( continued ) 71 . continued : scooby rhat ? shaggy you hear I . scooby , tear in he eye , pick up a handful of sand and throw it at shaggy . shaggy hey ! scooby I rate roo ! scooby dart away from shaggy , cry . shaggy scooby ! scooby disappear into the forest . shaggy spot thick metal cable run along the shoreline . they lead into a dark hole in a mountainside . . shaggy hypno-wheel . ( into wood ) scooby , while you be in there mope I be go to see where this cable go ! ext . hole in cavern - moment later shaggy follow the metal cable into a short hole in the side of the cavern . he crawl into the hole . int . cavern catacomb shaggy can barely see . we hear a scream . he stand beside doorway lining the wall , similar to where isabel be in the beginning of the film . he use he hand to follow the cable on the ground . suddenly , he. fall , slide down a incline and into a gush stream . shaggy try to stay above water , look up to the hole above he . shaggy scooby ! he drift through a dark cavity lead into a cavern . 72 . int . cavern belly - moment later the stream end in a pool in this cavern belly , which be hundred of yard in diameter and hundred of yard high . shaggy stop by a boulder pile beside the pool . he crawl to he knee . he spot the metal cable emerge from the pool . he peek around the corner of the boulder pile to see where they lead . he spy something horrible : raimondo , fitzgibbon , and a few student be strapped by weathered leather strap and metal buckle into rectangular wooden slab in the upright vertical position . nine such slab encircle the room . a hideous demon stand beside each of the slab . raimondo struggle against the strap . raimondo get I out of here ! the cable lead to a control station , a rusty metal box with a door and a large lock . Zarko use a key -- exactly like the one hang from mondavarious 's belt -- to open the door . he step into the control box . he put he hand on the control there . the soul snatcher , a upright metal device with a enormous pincer on the end , be in front of the control station . Zarko work the control ; the pincer crane upward . Zarko guide the pincer toward raimondo 's chest . raimondo loooeco0 ! the pincer mystically -- that be , without bodily injury -- enter raimondo 's chest . the pincer glow . it twist , dig , search for something . the pincer clamp shut ; raimondo 's body fall limp . but , strangely , though he mouth have stop move , we still hear he , muffled , scream . the pincer emerge from he chest , pull something translucent white and incandescent out of raimondo . it yank the substance like warm taffy through a pinhole . eventually , it 's free . we gaze upon ... raimondo 's soul . it like like raimondo 's head , with a wispy spiral tail . he be still scream ; he stop when he see he own limp body in front of he . raimondo 's soul hey ! what the --? you be take my _ soul out of my body ?! ( continued ) 73. continued : the demon stand beside raimondo 's body shove he head down the throat . he shove he arm inside . it 's a ugly sight , but he gradually squeeze he whole shape through raimondo 's mouth and into the soulless husk . the pincer swing raimondo 's soul over to the soul stew , a eight foot high rusty iron van that sit in the center ef the room . it 's fill with a white , mystical brew . dim voice echo from it . the pincer stuff raimondo 's shell - shocked soul into the soul stew . raimondo 's body 's eye open . worker unstrap he . raimondo manipulate he face , get use to be in the body . he rotate he shoulder . he sit up . raimondo ak orton . he wiggle he finger . in stilted English : raimondo flesh-ee . shaggy sink back against the boulder , afraid to even breathe . ext . forest a muddy scooby - doo cross the forest . he hear : daphne ( v.0 . ) scooby ! daphne be crouch in the bush beside he . scooby raphre ! tear well up in scooby 's eye . scooby raggy rurt ry reeling ! daphne extend she hand toward scooby . daphne it will be okay . come with I , puppy - scooby hesitantly put he paw in she hand . he look behind he , to see if shaggy have follow . daphne 's eye turn red behind he . 74 . int . cavern belly shaggy continue to watch from behind the boulder pile . the Upper Crust coed who sit next to scooby on the plane appear in a doorway . coed bort r-immin tarken . the possess Coast Guard and student follow she through the doorway . everyone 's go . shaggy take a deep breath for courage . he step out of the pool of water . shaggy creep up the step to the soul stew . he put he hand on the edge of the vat . peer down into it . shaggy zzoink . overhead shot Inside the vat be hundred of soul , white translucent face , swirl , agonize , scream and chatter and whispering they secret . shaggy notice velma 's soul , circle . velmam soul shaggy ! give I a hand ! get I out of here ! it circle up and away from shaggy and then swing back around again . shaggy how ?! velmam soul do not tell I all that year of video game have not give you eye - hand coordination ! shaggy fearfully , yet with amazing reflex , plunge he ~ hand in the vat and snatch up velma 's soul . he hold it up . she 's dizzy . velmam soul oh , man . ( continued ) 75 . continued : shaggy Fred say it be a hypno-wheel ! I would have never come if I know there be a thing that pull a you out of you and put a mean thing inside of it ! velmam soul stop with the technical jargon . shaggy what ?! velmam soul get the other . they should be on the top layer , since we be the last one put in there . shaggy what about you ? velmam soul if my instinct be correct , just let I go . we ’1ll meet you on the beach at the base of the mountain . shaggy let go ? velma nod . shaggy , unsure , release she soul . she shoot away in a dazzle trichromatic streak of light and out of the cavern . ext . forest evil daphne and she cohort carry a bamboo pole with a upset scooby - doo tie upside down to it . he gulp . evil velma follow , oversee thing . they all sing : human ko reeka gort a alla soy go balli lala gingo hoy a raefa morr ay ach otee this demon world forever be ! the multicolor streak of velma 's soul zip behind they , smack into the possess velma 's face . none of the other human notice as she 's knock off she foot . velma 's soul ooze into the mouth of the prone velma . it travel through she neck like a rat through a snake . the body quake and , suddenly ... ( continued ) 76 . continued : a monstrous demon spring from she chest . slat of daylight stream down through the limb of tree beside the demon . where the light meet the demon 's body , the demon burn . he open he mouth to scream , but instead 's explode into glow , protoplasmic chunks . velma cover she face to protect herself ; but the chunks dissipate into nothing . she look at the other , still carry scooby down the forest pathway . they have notice nothing . int . cavern belly shaggy snatch another soul out of the vat . it 's 'a man 's soul . man 's soul you have save I ! thank you ! thank you so much ! shaggy sorry , I be , uh , look for my friend . shaggy stuff the man 's soul back into the stew . he grab another . it 's fred 's soul . shaggy hold it upside down by its wispy spinal tail . Fred be , to say the least , rattle . fred' soul listen , man ! I think someone spike my root beer with crack last night , and I be have like a -- a bad trip ! shaggy shhhi fred 's soul talk I down , pal ! I be have a ' bummer 's ! shaggy sbh . a demon take over you body . fred 's soul a ' demon 's ? shaggy , cut the superstitious claptrap ! at the end of every paranormal claim there be only fool seek fame , paranoid -- ( continued ) 77 . continued : shaggy Fred , you be a frigging see - ~ through protoplasmic head ! shaggy look around , afraid someone hear . shaggy sorry ... shhh ... um ... bye ? fred 's soul what ? shaggy release Fred 's soul . it fly off in a colorful streak . int . fred 's HOTEL bathroom the possess Fred be in the steam - up shower , spong himself and sing along to the song on the radio , tear for fear " everybody want to rule the World . " Fred 's soul whooshes into the bathroom . it smack against the shower door and bounce off . fred 's soul ow ! unable to get in the shower , it fly out of the bathroom . int . fred 's HOTEL room Fred 's soul ricochet around the hotel room . fred 's soul ow !... owl ... owl ... ow ! then it bounce out the open window . int . cavern belly shaggy yank daphne 's soul out of the vat . she 's piss . daphne 's soul put I back , shaggy ! I do not want to be save again ! I x11 figure a way out myself ! shaggy like , how ? ( continued ) 78 . continued : daphne 's soul I all , I do not know , use my tongue as a oar to swim to the edge ! ext . catacomb corridor daphne and the other demon carry scooby on the bamboo pole into the staff door isabel and Mandy sneak into at the beginning of the film . velma tail they . she leave the door open behind she . int . catacomb corridor - moment later the possess human carry scooby down the corridor . they pass a few doorway . velma spot a bright , streaking soul approach . she hop ahead of the rest , into a small room . ag they pass it , velma surreptitiously yank in the possess daphne . the rest of the human walk by without notice . int . SMALL catacomb room the room be very dark . the soul fly into daphne 's face . daphne 's body shiver . a enormous demon pop out of she chest . only this time he do not explode . the demon look at daphne . demon jonlovroen kantu ... human ! the demon pick up the confuse daphne by the neck and slam she against the rocky wall . velma look like you could use a little sun . the demon turn angrily toward velma . velma have she hand on a light switch . she flick it . the demon gaze worriedly at the ceiling 's flicker fluorescent bulb . he explode into dissipate chunks . velma look at daphne . ( continued ) 79 . continued : velma the demon can not survive the ~ light . that 's why they need we body . be you all right , daphne ? daphne not quite . velma you be not all right ? daphne no , I be all right . but I be not quite daphne . I be Fred ! velma stare at she . daphne I could not get to my body . I panicked . I do not know where else to go ! it 's difficult to steer when you be pure spirit ! velma snicker . daphne 's mood shift as she realize something . she run she hand over she side . she smile . daphne I can go look at myself naked ! Holy God , I can try out thing I never imagine in even most outlandish fantasy ! I -- there 's a slam against the door . velma open it . daphne 's soul fly into the mouth of she body . Fred 's soul instantly pop out of she chest , and zoom out of the room . int . fred 's HOTEL bathroom Fred step out of the shower , drying himself , still sing . he look up , surprised , and see Fred 's soul zoom toward he . fred 's soul bite I ! Fred 's soul slam into he mouth , knock he over . 80 . int . SMALL catacomb room daphne stare at velma , upset . she shudder . daphne he be in my body ?! do he touch anything ?! velma just you booby a little bit . daphne do she best to pretend she 's aghast , but she 's obviously a little turn on . velma peek out the door . velma Coast be clear . let 's go . int . cavern belly shaggy lean over the vat , search futilely , . shaggy isabel ?... isabel ?... shoot ! shaggy hear something at the doorway . Zarko enter the room . he do not see shaggy tiptoeing , disappear through a passageway behind he . int . dungeon - later scooby - do be use a white rock to scrawl a huge equation on the cavern wall . it read : 12 + 7 = a draw of pikachu the Metal head and two other possess human be play a game at a fold table , use sinister - look , octagonal card . the Metal head 's long lock be now a crew cut . scooby catch he eye through the rusty metal bar between they . he point to the equation . the Metal head see it and mellowly shake he head now . scooby look around the murky dungeon . a mischievous look cross he face ; he have a idea . scooby clutches he heart . he wheeze . he 's pretend to have a heart attack . ( continued ) 81 . continued : scooby rike ! I be rying ! ' the guard stare blankly at he from they seat as he stumble back and forth melodramatically . scooby flip onto he back . he gasp for air like a die fish , raspy and without shame . then he " die . " the possess human continue stare , unmove . after a moment , scooby squinch open one eye . metal head it do not work the first eight time you do it either . scooby I reary be dead rise rime . metal head then why be you talk ? scooby slap he paw to he face . scooby rupid ! . n’goo open the door beside the Metal head . to scooby : n’goo Mr. doo , mondavarious will now be see you . ext . hole in cavern - evening shaggy step out of the hole and onto the beach . he look up and see Fred , velma , and daphne stand , wait for he . he stop , stare at they with resign trepidation . shaggy tell I you be you . daphne Fred take over my body and touch my boob ! fred they be itchy ! and admit it , you be into the think . ( continued ) 82 . continued : shaggy continue out of the hole , nodd . shaggy you be you . velma do you get isabel ? shaggy she , like , must have be at the bottom of the pot . I could not see she . where 's scooby ? they can not look at he in the eye . shaggy what ? int . catacomb office n’goo open a door . he lead scooby into the room where isabel be capture . scooby be surprised by the craggy wall blankete with scooby - doo memorabilia , photograph from he life , magazine article , and so on . mondavarious sit at a desk cover in gewgaw and clash color . he drink a cup of tea . mondavarious leave we alone , n‘goo . n’goo bow . depart . scooby point at himself on the cover of Dog Fancy magazine . scooby Rat ' 's be ! he spot a photo of himself as a puppy with shaggy . scooby Rat 's be ! mondavarious indicate a table with velvet cloth drape over it . mondavarious my friend . join I . Truth await . 83 . ext . beach the gang have set up camp . Fred make a fire out of twig . - velma daphne say you have some page in Latin from mondavarious 's castle . shaggy oh , right . shaggy remove the wet page from he pocket . he hand they to velma . she look at they . the gang gather ' round . shaggy look regretful . shaggy I should not nve yell at scooby . velma this be not really Latin . it 's a derivative of Latin . daphne can you read it ? velma most of it , yeah . int . catacomb office mondavarious remove the velvet sheet to display a small scale model of the cavern belly , complete with miniature soul stew , soul snatcher , pewter demon , etc . scooby reat-o! mondavarious show scooby part of the model . mondavarious the vat be comprise of human soul . we call it the soul stew . scooby lick he lip , hungry . scooby srew . mmmmn . mondavarious at midnight tonight , through occult incantation , we evoke the soul tube ! ( continued ) 84 . continued : mondavarious flick a switch on the side of the model . a holographic tube of soul pop up fromthe stew . it reach up to the ceiling . scooby look up at it . he playfully dip he paw into it . mondavarious the soul tube be a shuttle , if you will , between earth and the demon realm . I have use sorcery to summon low - level demon over the year . but only through this tube can we transport the demon rex . mondavarious flick another switch . a red holographic demon rex slowly descend through the tunnel of soul . scooby point to a plaster kitten , with a spring for a neck , on mondavarious 's desk . scooby rhat 's that ? mondavarious that 's a cat with a bob head . scooby slap its head , make it bob . it amuse hin . mondavarious please do not touch it . it have nothing to do with this . mondavarious flick another switch ; hologram of other demon follow the demon rex down the tube . mondavarious the demon rex issue a powerful magnetic force which draw every other demon in a wake onto we earth . then -- ext . beach velma read the page . velma ' the demon shall disperse over the earth , replace every human soul with a superior demonic one . 's 85 . int . catacomb office mondavarious be exuberant . mondavarious all human soul , that be , with the exception of myself , Zarko and n’goo tauana . we shall be the demon rex 's human acolyte ! scooby do not quite get it . scooby raggy rall be a roron . mondavarious do not you see ? you must not worry yourself with this trifle any longer . ext . beach velma continue to read from the book . velma they can not do it without this ... ' great canine , 's he -- velma flip the page to reveal -- ancient illustration it be a dignify , well - muscle version of scooby - doo . above the illustration it read , " magna canis . " daphne ( v.o. ) crikey . int . catacomb office mondavarious gesture to the scooby paraphernalia around hin . mondavarious you be the chosen one , scooby - doo ! Hand -pick more than five hundred year ago ! scooby re? rool ! ( continued ) 86 . continued : mondavarious we have follow you every step since you puppy mill birth in coolsville ! strange and wonderful occurrence have always surround you , yes ? scooby yeah yeah ! mondavarious you be a magnet for they , my hirsute friend ! and at midnight tonight , most strange and wonderful of all ... series of closeup - demon rex a blink black eye , beady , hollow , wet , and evil . mondavarious ( v.o . ) ++. you will bequeath you body to the future Lord and master of this earthly realm : talon finger , curling in on themselves . mondavarious ( v.o. ) we bless demon rex ! praise be ! a purple tongue , slithering over a steely sharp beak . mondavarious ( v.o . ) for this be why you be call into be ! back to catacomb office mondavarious you_are the ultimate and holy bioorganic sacrifice ! scooby point he thumb at himself , grin widely , too excited for word . he can not believe he good luck . scooby I be a racririce ? ext . beach shaggy , Fred , velma and daphne be in shock . ( continued ) 87 . continued : daphne scooby - doo be the chosen one ? ~ - velma nod . daphne and the demon be go to take over everybody at midnight ? velma that 's what it say . Fred slump down into the sand . velma fall back against a tree . daphne run she hand through she hair . shaggy well , come on , like , let 's go ! velma where ? shaggy you know , to save scooby and isabel ! fred you want we to battle giant demon and save humanity ? if you do not recall , shaggy , we area of expertise be nut job in Halloween costume . shaggy well , I be go to go save they . with or without the rest of you . velma you can not be serious . shaggy I be totally serious ! what 's happen to we ?! we be suppose to be heroes ! velma I be too scared to be a hero . shaggy I be so scared when chickenstein jump at I out of that coffin I let loose a little dirt in my drawer -- blame the smell on scoob -- but still I go back for daphne ! ( continued ) 88 . continued : daphne look at he , move . velma chickenstein be not real ! shaggy they have all be real to I , man ! daphne ' course be resistance to fear , not the absence of fear . 's velma look at daphne . daphne Mark twain . shaggy 's right . fred all right . I be in too . scooby 's we friend . but we need the velmster . velma ' the velmster ?!’ you think you be go to sweet - talk I with my own nickname ?! ( ery ) try to make I feel ... like part ... of the group ? ( think , strike ) we could set a trap . int . barn - evening velma open a barn door to reveal a spotlight . velma ( v.o. ) we need a spotlight . int . holiday inn room - evening Fred take a mirror off a hotel room wall . velma ( v.0o . ) and mirror . back to scene daphne I could get on top of the cavern . 89 . int . gym - evening daphne look up at rappelling gear on a wall . daphne ( v.0 . ) with some rappelling gear . back to scene shaggy what about I ? what should I do ? Fred smile , he remember something : split -screen - int . airport / cavern belly on one side of the screen shaggy expertly work the crane machine at the coolsville Airport . on the other side Zarko control the similar soul snatcher , drop a soul into the soul stew . fred ( v.0 . ) I believe you vast knowledge of mechanical amusement device will come in handy , my friend . flashback - int . cavern belly Zarko use a key to unlock the gate surround the control station . fred ( v.0o . ) but we need to get the key to the control box . back to scene shaggy mondavarious and Zarko both have one . Fred nod . he put he hand out in the center of the group . shaggy put he hand on he . daphne put she hand on shaggy 's . velma put she hand on all of theirs . velma let 's get jinky with it . 90 . int . preparatory enclave - later human adorn scooby - doo with garland . they give he a manicure . a scantily clad woman feed he scooby snack as if they be grape . he 's loving it . he sit ona _ gild palanquin with a mattress and numerous pillow . he write in a notebook , consider he newest equation : 12 +7 =a x2 n-2 int . cavern passageway Fred and velma , wear huge backpack , be pretend to be demon . they each grip one of shaggy 's arm , as if he 's they prisoner . shaggy be scared witless . shaggy like , all right , you guy be right ! let 's forget this ! velma come on , you chicken . shaggy ( to velma ) we can not fool anybody ! you do not look like a demon ! ( to Fred ) and neither do -- Fred have adapt a freaky glassy - eye stare . shaggy hey , cut that out ! fred shhh ! shaggy it 's spooky enough in here without you make that face -- they turn a corner of the passageway and come to -- int . cavern niche mondavarious sit on a sheet metal throne . Zarko superglue ceremonial stone to he sandal . shaggy ah ! ( continued ) 91 . continued : mondavarious spot they . mondavarious mm. you have retrieve the beatnik . escort he to the belly . not that it matter . by the witching hour they 's 11 all be in we camp anyhow . ext . cavern belly roof daphne rappel James -bond-style from a tall tree down toward the mountainous roof of the cavern . she wear she leather eggplant body suit , and have a enormous backpack . she land on the mountain in a cat- like crouch . int . cavern belly velma , Fred and shaggy venture into the enormous cavern . a demon stand beside one of the slab , wait to inhabit shaggy 's body . shaggy whisper through clench tooth . shaggy this , like , be not cool ! how be you go to get rid of that guy ? Fred and velma each draw two high - power flashlight , one in each hand . they point the flashlight at the demon . four small beam appear on the monster . his skin smoke . demon # 2 ahrloeg ! he turn toward they , angry . demon # 2 human ! you can not kill I with beam that weak ! the demon rush they , move faster and faster . Fred and velma stand they ground . the demon get closer . Fred and velma slowly guide they four beam together into one spot on the demon 's chest , intensify the light . the demon grimace in pain . he explode . shaggy that 'il -- that 's 1ll work . ( continued ) 92 . continued : Fred and velma throw they backpack onto the ground and begin remove mirror . fred shaggy , head into that passageway . Fred use a tape measure and some chalk , mark off point on the wall surround they . shaggy there ? me? why ? fred you. have to pretend that you have be transformed into a demon . that 's where they go afterwards . velma hammer a nail into one of Fred 's chalk mark . shaggy I '' like not a actor ! I do not know how to like get all look like a demon look ! velma just go , shaggy . and then see if you can find scooby . int . demon makeover parlor - moment later the possess raimondo and the Upper Crust coed be in this room , a dark h.r. giger beauty salon , replete with mirror , hair goop galore , reptilian appliance , etc . shaggy smile uncomfortably , not know what to say . raimondo shove he into the chair . he speak to shaggy : raimondo fraeg orking a ba , lick . shaggy stare at he , smile nervously . he speak in a somewhat shaky dj - type voice . shaggy I no like to practice the form of ' English , uh , thing know as a -- a question ? raimondo sure . ( continued ) 93 . continued : shaggy um ... how do you tell the - difference between a demon in a human 's body , and a human in a human 's body ? coed that 's easy . we do not sweat . the coed flick on a otherworldly electric shear . int . catacomb corridor - night shaggy emerge from the makeover parlor . he wear a izod shirt , khakis , and penny loafer . his hair be short , mouss , and perfectly feathered back . his goatee 's go . he look around the corridor . human move past he . he see the preparatory enclave down the hall , where a happy scooby be alone for a moment . he walk toward it . int . preparatory enclave scooby see shaggy . his expression turn sour . shaggy scooby . they turn I into a total geek ! scooby I be not ralking to rou . rou rall be a roron . shaggy I be sorry , scooby . you be my best friend , and I should not have ... but we need you help . scooby I be ro not reed to relp rou . shaggy that 's the only way we can get you out of here ! scooby I ro not rant to go ! Rook ! rooby rack ! scooby hold up he bag of scooby snack . shaggy automatically reach for they . scooby pull they away . ( continued ) 94 . continued : scooby rone for rou ! rey reat I riff respect ! unlike rou ! shaggy they be fool you , scoob ! scooby ruh-uh ! rou be realous ! rey rove rooby-doo !} ( proudly ) I be a racririce ! shaggy a sacrifice ? that 's a -- shaggy see a trio of human approach . he whisper : shaggy the wrestler have a gold key ! get it if you can ! put it , I do not know , under this mattress ! scooby just stare at he . the possess human push shaggy out of the room . int . cavern belly Fred and velma be hang the last of the mirror on the wall . the mirror travel all the way around the cavern . fred if this work it could be even cooler than the time we kick the live shit out of Dick Van dyke with the cotton candy ghost . velma you mean , the time we kick the shit out of the cotton candy ghost with Dick Van dyke . Fred stare at she , doubting . fred be you sure ? a bleat horn echoes throughout the cavern . velma check she watch . velma Quarter to midnight . ( continued ) 95 . continued : possess human file into the cavern from numerous passage encircle the cavern . shaggy enter with they . he see velma and Fred and move toward they . ext . cavern belly roof daphne prop a large spotlight on a tripod . int . cavern belly the human stand stock -still in straight line , stare in the direction of the vat . Fred and velma , uncertain , line up with they . int . library ( coolsville ) - angel fawn - night whom we recognize from garret 's photo , sit at a table in the library . she eye a clock on the wall . she stand . angel remove a talisman from she skirt . it be a stone image of the magna canis : scooby - doo . ext . baseball lot ( kenya ) - day kenya student be play basketball . one athlete dribble down the court . he 's block . he turn and toss the ball to a player , but the ball bounce off he . the player be stand completely still hold up a magna canis talisman . int . auditorium ( new zealand ) - day teenager perform Romeo and juliet in front of a large audience . Romeo say he line to the balcony . romeo that I be a glove upon that hand that I might touch that cheek ! Romeo wait for juliet 's response . but she 's stare like a zombie hold a talisman . int . family dine room ( los angele ) - night a brother and sister , brian and beth anne , be stand hold talisman beside the dinner table . they family be stare at they . ( continued ) 96 . continued : mother Beth Anne ? Brian ? - older brother told you they have be act weird . int . cavern belly Fred watch mondavarious use the key hang from he belt to open the control station door . shaggy get in line beside he . he whisper : shaggy I find scooby . I tell he to put the key under he mattress . fred mattress ? shaggy yeah . but I do not know if he 's go to ... oh , and another thing : do not sweat . fred what ? shaggy demon in human body do not sweat . fred you can not control sweat . shaggy sure you can . fred how ? shaggy I just , like , say , ' shaggy , man , do not sweat . 's fred you can not do that ! no one can do that ! ( continued ) 97 . continued : shaggy I can . - ( point at Fred 's hairline ) uh oh . I think that 's a little bit of sweat right there . fred I do not start sweat until you tell I I could not sweat ! int . preparatory enclave Zarko enter the enclave . shaggy see a key stick out of Zarko 's pocket , just inch from he own face . he could grab it if he want . scooby look sad as memory travel through he mind : shaggy ( v.o. ) velma 's right . you be a moron . mondavarious ( v.o. ) you be the choose one , scooby -doo ! shaggy ( v.o. ) I be sorry , scoob . you be my best friend . Zarko look at the trio of possess human . harko let 's go . int . cavern belly mondavarious stand in the control station box , wear ceremonial garb . he close he eye in prayer . mondavarious demon rex , this eve you sweet servant gather in worshipful anticipation of you come rule ! musician drum . they play creepy , Dr. seussian ancient instrument make of wood and metal . they chant . human a ringio a wado set . shaggy , velma and Fred be the only one who do not know the word . they try to fake it . ( continued ) 98 . continued : human shaggy ba bingam tom anani foot -.. yah set la banani ree kimio a rako ling cha la ba kimo yeah la ? this be what we demon this be the thing that sing ! we say . int . classroom ( norway ) - day a waifish norweigan with a talisman chant beside she desk in a classroom of stunne student . norweigan / human ( v.0 . ) ko reeka gort a alla soy go balli lala gingo hoy ... int . pub ( ireland ) - night a irish lad hold the talisman , chant along . irish lad / human ( v.0 . ) a raefa morr ay ach otee ... int . family dine room ( los angele ) - night Beth Anne and Brian chant beside at the table . beth anne / brian this demon world forever be . older brother tell I that 's not mess up ! int . cavern belly Fred pretend to itch himself , wiping sweat from he face . human fred a hinga hoowa karay lun I want to do you bolevven tary pakin tun carryin’ ! unleaven roppoppo ee en loo en roo horray for tar ! the offer praise to scooby - Pope - oh leave the room . doo ! all for praise ... what ? shaggy see something in a passageway . Zarko and the trio of possess human carry the ceremonially adorn scooby - doo toward the center of the cavern belly . scooby wave at the crowd as he pass , happy with he situation . ( continued ) 99 . continued : scooby human rello ... rello ... rello ... this i8 what we demon Rat rong be ratty ! sing ! they slide the palanquin into slot atop four short bamboo pole in front of the soul stew . velma look at shaggy , concerned . velma human something tell I he the demon world forever do not get the key ! he be ! think this be a party ! Zarko and he charge grab onto scooby 's arm and leg . scooby look suddenly worried . scooby human rait a recond ! the demon world forever be ! the quartet strap scooby 's arm and leg onto the palanquin . the rear bamboo pole hold the palanquin aloft rise electronically , until the palanquin be vertical . scooby - doo be suspend in a x-shape . scooby human raggy !!! the demon world forever be ! the possess human , all at once , open they mouth and screech hellishly . ext . grocery store ( tokyo ) - night a japanese woman screech . ext . fruit stand ( calcutta ) - day a indian stand at a outdoor fruit stand , grip a talisman , screech . people around he grab they ear . int . cavern belly the entire cavern begin to tremble . scooby gaze up at the ceiling . scooby ripes. 100 . series of shot a emerald beam of light shine down onto the talisman in angel 's hand . her talisman explode : the norwegian 's scooby talisman explode . the same emerald beam shine onto she talisman . Beth Anne and Brian 's talisman explode . int . cavern belly mondavarious gaze up at the ceiling , grin . a huge hole in the ceiling explode , burst upward , directly over the soul stew . ext . cavern belly roof the spotlight topple to its side . daphne cover she face . rock fly up past she and into the night sky . int . cavern belly the soul stew rise behind a shiver scooby . the soul head form a swirl soul tube of scream human face . it twirl , twist , gain speed , boring up through the hole , and toward the sky . Fred , velma , and shaggy watch the soul tube . tremendous wind blow throughout the cavern . the bottom of the tube lift off of the metal vat : it bend outward , a open cavity aim into the room . ext . cavern belly roof daphne gaze up the long tube , lead further into the lightning - fill sky than she can see . then she spot ... the demon rex , a gargantuan , fiery , winge beast , streaking down through the center of the soul tube , rush toward we . his black eye be deep - set , hollow and wet . deathly talon sprout from he wing . his thin disgusting tongue flip up over he face , slithering over he steely sharp beak . there be nothing beautiful about this creature . nothing tender . nothing good . and he be full of joy . a hellish horde of demon in every shape , color , and size be on he tail . they yip and holler and howl . 101 . int . cavern belly the demon emerge from the cavity at the bottom of the tube -- hade 's cornucopia -- and they swamp the room . velma eye Fred . velma Men in mask ? you think ? fred wow . what if bigfoot be real too ? ( embarrassed ) I write that whole book . some of this creature look like monkey , small and thin and ice blue . they cling to the wall , yipping . other be skeletal and smirk , with body part absent . other be disease . they drip pus . harko spot daphne stand on the edge of the hole push the spotlight upright . he be alarmed . demon rex plant he huge , putrid body beside the shiver scooby - doo . he run he scaly talon below scooby 's chin . demon rex good puppy . mondavarious Lord , it 's a honor to meet you . I be mon -- demon rex work the machinery , simp ! do not waste time ! put I in the body ! the demon rex grab scooby 's face in he talone hand . demon rex I be gonna be wear you spot . mondavarious yes , Lord , I ... mondavarious push the lever at the control station . the giant pincer rise into the air . ( continued ) 102 . continued : shaggy and a perspire Fred start toward mondavarious . velma stop they . velma no . wait for the spotlight ! that 's the plan ! shaggy it be suppose to happen already ! mondavarious guide the pincer into scooby 's chest as scooby whimper . ext . cavern belly roof daphne aim the spotlight down in through the hole . she direct it at a ... mirror on the wall . suddenly , the mirror be knock over by a blue monkey demon screeching with celebratory rage . daphne darn ! daphne hear something behind she . she turn . Zarko be stand there . harko sefiorita . caught you again without you chi , have I not ? Zarko barrel toward she . daphne try to kick he . he grab she ankle . she fall to she back . int . cavern belly the pincer yank scooby - doo 's soul out of he body . the demon rex open scooby 's mouth like a lion tamer with a lion . he grin to the crowd . demon rex I have get my critic ! but you gotta love this ! the demon rex dive down into scooby 's throat . ( continued ) 103 . continued : scooby 's body begin to tremble . it burn black for a moment . - scooby 's soul dangle from the pincer 's grip . he see he body . his wispy spinal soul tail wag . scooby 's soul rey ! dat 's be ! ( eyeing shaggy ) raggy ! hey , raggy ! Rook at I ! I be rust a head ! voluptuous winged female fish demon tilt she head at Fred , stare quizzically . Fred see she in he peripheral vision . his nervousness increase . he 's sopping with perspiration . pincer insert scooby 's soul in the soul tube . scooby 's body pulse . his nostril flare . his brow thicken . his soft eye turn dark , evil . he burn the red color of hot charcoal . he grow to forty time he size . he snap the strap , and land on the floor like a cat . this be the scooby rex : we childhood hero filter through Satan 's eye . his paw be the size of a man . huge fang protrude . he release a terrifying growl . all the demon rejoice . shaggy , velma and Fred gaze at the control station . the Fish demon lower in the air in front of Fred , she wing flap like a hummingbird 's . she point at he . fish demon this one 's ... sweat . ' fred shaggy , get to the control box ! velma , fix the mirror ! I x11 see if scooby put the key under the mattress ! shaggy , velma , and Fred take off in different direction . ( continued ) 104 . continued : the Fish demon screech behind they , point they out . the demon grab at shaggy , velma , and Fred . ext . cavern belly roof daphne do handsprings away from Zarko . he handsprings after she , equally proficient . they stop in the same place . she strike he . he strike she . she go to punch he . he grab she arm . he flip she down . he kneel on she chest , pin she there . smirk . int . cavern belly Fred dodge the demon like a run back . velma slide under a fly monkey sweeping down at she . shaggy be fast , diving between creature . then the scooby rex land powerfully in front of he . the rex stab he enormous face into shaggy 's . scooby rex who invite you to my sweet sixteen ? ext . cavern belly roof Zarko hold down daphne . he pull a piece of rope from he belt . harko i’1l bring you to the catacomb , tie you up and use you for bait for whoever you be work with ! Zarko start to tie she hand . daphne not -- daphne frees she leg and kick Zarko in he head . daphne this -- Zarko stumble . daphne back - flip to stand . ( continued ) 105 . continued : daphne time ! - Zarko come toward she . with one swift fly , swirl kick to he chest , she knock he backwards . Zarko stumble backwards , so that he almost topple into the hole in the roof . daphne grab the terrify wrestler by he suspender . she drape he over the open hole . his boot barely graze the ledge . the soul tube vacillate behind he . she put she face in close to he . daphne now who 's the damsel in distress ?! harko «+. me? daphne straight up . daphne drop he . he scream as he plummet to he demise . int . cavern belly shaggy fall to the floor . the scooby rex raise he paw over he , to squash he , then stop . he see Zarko fall into the pit . fred run toward the vertical palanquin . he leap over a demon , and onto a small platform beneath it . he rip away the mattress ( which be attach by velcro ) . and there , scrawle in huge letter on the wood board , it read : 12 + 7 = 19 Zarko 's key rest on the inside rim . Fred smile . scooby 's soul twist in the tunnel , chuckle . fred shaggy ! 106 . scooby rex look down to squash shaggy , but he be no longer there . he look over and see . * shaggy stand at the control station . Fred toss the key . it spin over the head of the demon . shaggy catch it . he go to unlock the control station door . ext . cavern bell roof daphne flick the switch on the spotlight . int . cavern belly the beam shoot down into the room . it eradicate a few demon fly in its path . the beam impotently hit stone where the mirror fall . velma , however , be stand beneath the beam . she casually pick up the mirror from the floor . the demon be stare at she . skeletal creep who be you ?! velma the velmster . monkey demon what be you ?! beat . velma I be a hero . velma thrust the mirror high over she head . the spotlight strike it . the beam reflect from the wall mirror to mirror to mirror throughout the room , a complex geometric pattern . it burst through demon in its path , destroy almost all of they . 107 . shaggy shove mondavarious out of the way . the control station control be identical to the arcade crane control at the airport . shaggy confidently thrust a lever to the side . the pincer swoops over in front of the scooby rex . shaggy it 's one thing that you want to take over the world . the pincer jab into a disconcert scooby rex 's chest . it twist . shaggy but you should not have mess -- shaggy wrench the demon rex out of scooby - doo 's body . he swing the demon rex into the bottom of the soul tube . shaggy -- with my pet ! shaggy open the pincer . the demon rex fly scream into the tube , upward toward the sky . he be unable to grip onto the side with he talon . demon rex noooc0c00090000 ! all of the other demon , due to the demon rex 's gravitational force , be instantaneously yank from they human form . the body fall limp . the demon whoosh into the tube behind the demon rex . int . pub ( ireland ) - night the irish lad look surprised for a moment , and then the demon 's soul be rip from he body . it sweep over the drinker 's head and through a open window . int . auditorium ( new zealand ) - day the astonished crowd watch as a huge , scream demon fly over they and away from juliet 's body . the demon fly out a open window and ... ext . auckland , new zealand over the cityscape of Auckland . 108 . ext . spooky island demon rush in a blur to the island , one by one , from all direction , stream toward the mountain entrance . int . cavern belly velma and Fred lie on the ground . they cover they head as hundred of demon woosh over they body and up into the soul tube . and then it stop . the room be momentarily quiet . ext . cavern belly roof daphne stand before the soul tube . it be no longer twist . the face be not scream . a woman 's soul stare at daphne ; she appear peaceful . daphne isabel ? isabel thank you . the tube begin to crumble . the soul chip off and stream away in trichromatic color , off into the night sky . int . cavern belly scooby - doo 's soul colorfully zoom across the cavern . scooby 's soul yeah yeah yeah ! he splashes into he again normal - size body , sparkling . in colorful burst , the soul zip around a smile velma and Fred and out through the cavern 's hall . daphne rappel down in through the hole of the roof . the colorful ball whoosh around she . other soul enter other formerly - possess body on the ground . they wake . they rise . 109 . scooby - doo paw playfully at the bright ball zipping over he head . scooby it 's rootiful ! velma smile at Mandy . she help she up . fred give raimondo a hand . ext . basketball lot ( kenya ) - day the crowd watch as a colorful ball of light travel over they head and land with a sparkling burst into the prone body of the player . he open he eye , wonder where he be . int . library ( coolsville ) - night angel stand , run she hand over she body . tear £ill she eye . ext . pub ( ireland ) - night the irish lad whoops . he kiss a fat , ugly woman . int . family dine room ( los angele ) - night the older brother and Father embrace Beth Anne and Brian . they be cry . the mother grab Brian 's chin . mother we wonder where you go . Brian rub he hand over he crew cut . brian I though you want I to cut off my hair . mother we love you the way you be . 110 . int . cavern belly everyone in the cavern be stand . velma give shaggy a big bear hug . someone tap he on the back . he turn to see isabel . she 's cry . isabel hey , cuz . shaggy izzy ! shaggy and isabel embrace . daphne give Fred a little punch on the shoulder . daphne we do it . Fred give she a little punch back . fred yes , we do ! they stop . they stare into each other 's eye . they breath quicken as they desire rush to the surface . they embrace and kiss passionately . then , as quickly as it start , daphne catch she lapse of reason and push Fred away . daphne Fred , cut you crap ! fred aha ! you kiss I back ! daphne no , I do not . fred ( to a guy beside they ) she use tongue . daphne he 's lie ! scooby - doo wander nervously through the jubilation , look for someone . he hear a voice behind he : ( continued ) 111 . continued : shaggy ( 0.s. ) scooby ! scooby turn , tongue wag , leg splay . scooby raggy ! scooby gallop toward shaggy . he leap , fly through the air . he land on shaggy 's chest , knock he over . scooby rooby do good ?! shaggy yes , you do ! scooby rooby rot a ronon ? shaggy like , not at all , buddy . scooby raggy rove rooby again ?! shaggy I always do . scooby and rooby rove raggy ! scooby - doo pin shaggy there , lick he face . shaggy laugh and protest the huge tongue , try to stop it , but scooby just can not give he best friend enough love . shaggy ha hal cut it out , scoob ! n‘goo appear over shaggy . a nearly - sobbing mondavarious be by N ' goo 's side . scooby - doo gulp , and , just like he do when shaggy be stick in the vase , he start to run away . N ' goo grab shaggy 's neck . he lift he off the floor . mondavarious you ! you have eradicate a lifetime 's worth of work ! kill he , n’goo ! snap he neck like the weasel he be ! ( continued ) 112 . continued : shaggy can hardly breathe or speak . shaggy scoob ... mondavarious that mangy rodent ? ha ! he 's a coward ! snivel and shiver and shaking , like so much ... mondavarious and n’goo hear a loud growling . they turn . scooby - doo stand , haunch . the fur on he back be stick up .. his fang be expose . he appear huge and frightening . scooby reave raggy rarone . he barrel toward they . mondavarious and n’goo 's expression drop . they scream . scooby - doo be a saber- tooth tiger leaping at he prey . int . coast guard station - day ( news footage ) Press bulb flash on mondavarious and n’goo . they be handcuff and thoroughly beaten-up . a throng of correspondent gather around the gang . they stick they microphone in Fred 's face . corespondent Fred , can you tell we how you mastermind the apprehension of raphael mondavarious ? fred yes ! it all start when I be give a speech at coolsville , and -- Fred notice velma stand quietly beside they , gaze at the floor . fred and I think , really , that the velmster should take it from there . the correspondent all thrust they mike toward a surprised velma . her eye smile warmly at Fred . ( continued ) 113 . continued : velma yes . firstly , we do not believe there be any such person as raphael mondavarious . we come to the conclusion that he 's actually -- with the dexterity of vanna White turn letter , daphne pull off the mondavarious mask to reveal ... velma garret Rogers , shaggy 's uncle . it make sense : he want scooby - doo to be part of he evil plan , so he prodd we into come to spooky Island ... at least that 's what we think until we call garret in coolsville and he be still home . consequently , this be just another mask cover he real identity -- daphne pull a garret mask off to reveal ... velma Fred Jones , who set up the whole situation just so mystery ink would return to the spotlight ! pan to Fred , who be hurt by the accusation . fred but I be stand right here . velma right . it be ludicrous that we suspect Fred , since we have often see he and mondavarious together . so it could only be the one person so unmercifully nefarious as to concoct this evil scheme . daphne yank off the Fred mask to reveal ... velma Don knott ! corespondent Mr. furley ? ( continued ) 114 . continued : don knott and I would have get away with it , too , if not for this meddle kid ! they be horrid ! you should have see what that disgusting animal do at my Christmas party ! ( be : Fred ) and he ! I figure out the mystery of moody manner and he take all the credit ! fred sorry , Don . but that 's no reason to freak out like a jerk and kill humanity . don knott L tts ! if be master of hell ! all_ shall bow before my unyield power ! you stupid son -of-bi--! the tv shut off . int . daphne 's dine room - day daphne remove the videotape from the player . velma , shaggy , Fred , and scooby be sit around a dining room table with empty plate and glass . shaggy be wear a green T-shirt with a demon eat a baby 's head on it . they applaud and laugh . daphne I know we have see it before , but every time I really get a kick ... fred velmster do a bang - up job . it 's no surprise that Yale offer she that professorship . velma you hear about Fred ? they look at he . fred not to toot my own horn , but I have pre-sold two hundred thousand copy of my new book , why skeptics suck ass . shaggy groovy ! ( continued ) 115 . continued : daphne look at she watch . daphne shoot ! I have get to go . sorry . I have get rehearsal . fred rehearsal ? shaggy daphne get cast as the lead in the new action flick , mean hard revenge ii . scooby - doo do some kung - fu move . scooby roh ! hee-rah ! everyone laugh . not look where he 's throw he scooby chop shaggy in the face . shaggy ow ! scooby rorry . ext . daphne 's house - moment later the gang cross the lawn , toward they car . the mystery Machine be in the driveway . fred thanks . for lunch , daph . that be nice of you ! scooby yeah yeah yeah ! rank ! daphne I hope we can make it a regular thing . velma open she car door . she stop . velma shaggy , you do not say what you be do . ( continued ) 116 . continued : shaggy oh , like , nothing much . scooby and I , we just get a , you know , mysterious call . daphne a mysterious call ? shaggy I do not know . they say they be from the jell -o pudding factory and there be some sort of sighting of , like , a jell -o chocolate pudd monster . then they hang up . scooby yeah yeah . rell -o! everyone stop and look at he . daphne oh. fred hm ... well , good - bye , everybody . shaggy velma see ya ! so long , folk . daphne scooby bye . rye-rye ! Fred step into the mystery Machine . velma get into she dodge . daphne walk toward the door . ext . suburban STREET - moment later shaggy and scooby head down the sidewalk . daphne ( 0.s. ) shaggy ! they turn to see daphne behind they . daphne what kind of chocolate pudding monster ? velma pull she dodge in front of they . ( continued ) continued : 117 . velma that 's what I be think ! be it a monster ... or could it be a ghost ? shaggy like , it 's probably just a man in a mas - - fred ( 0.s. ) do not jump to conclusion , shag ! Fred step out of the mystery Machine behind shaggy . fred if you expect it to be a man ina mask , then when it end up be a protoplasmic alien life form animate a edible substance , it will take you unaware , perhaps shoot acidic wad of pudding at you head , tear off you face ! shaggy that 's exactly what scooby say ! scooby - doo give Fred the thumb -up . velma pull out a cell phone . dial it . velma this sound pretty serious . you might need , you know ... ( to phone ) Sarah ? velma dinkley . I be not go to be in for a couple week ... daphne right . I can always be in mean hard revenge tit . fred this could be dangerous . someone of my physical prowess could come in handy , open lodge door , etcetera . shaggy shrug . shaggy sure . Fred clap . the gang move toward the mystery Machine . ( continued ) 118 . continued : fred ha ! chocolate pudding bastard , here we come ! I x11 drive ! velma shotgun ! daphne darn it ! I be go to say that ! velma why do not we all just ride in the front seat ?! Fred , daphne , and velma jump into the mystery Machine . scooby - doo and shaggy trot toward the van after they . scooby look up at he beatnik pal . scooby raggy . dere 's no rocolate rudding ronster . shaggy like , no , scooby , there be not . but , they all look , like , sad . after all , it 's better than chase nothing with you friend , than to chase something with no one at all . scooby smile . he bound toward the mystery Machine . scooby rooby-dooby-doo ! scooby and shaggy hop into the van . they close the door . fred ( 0.s. ) ha ha ! do that again , scoob ! scooby ( 0.s. ) rooby-dooby-doo ! fred ( 0.8 . ) I be go to start do that . Fred ! daphne ( 0.s. ) Fred , please do not ! fred ( 0.s. ) Fred Jones ! ( continued ) 119 . continued : _ daphne ( 0.s. ) it 's he thing . why do you have to steal everybody else 's thing ? fred ( 0.s. ) sorry , sorry ... the mystery Machine hit the road . fade out . the end