scream ( scary movie ) by Kevin williamson rewrite July 31 , 1995 fade in on a ringing telephone . a hand reach for it , bring the receiver up to the face of casey becker , a young girl , no more than sixteen . a friendly face with innocent eye . casey hello . man' voice ( from phone ) hello . silence . casey yes . man who be this ? casey who be you try to reach ? man what number be this ? casey what number be you try to reach ? man I do not know . casey I think you have the wrong number . man do I ? casey it happen . take it easy . click ! she hang up the phone . the camera pull back to reveal casey in a live room , alone . she move from the live room to the kitchen . it 's a nice house . affluent . the phone ring again . int . kitchen casey grab the portable . casey hello . man I be sorry . I guess I dial the wrong number . casey so why do you dial it again ? man to apologize . casey you be forgiven . bye now . man wait , wait , do not hang up . casey stand in front of a slide glass door . it 's pitch black outside . casey what ? man I want to talk to you for a second . casey they have get 900 number for that . seeya . click ! casey hang up . a grin on she face . ext . casey' house - night - establishing a big country home with a huge sprawling lawn full of big oak tree . it sit alone with no neighbor in sight . the phone ring again . int . kitchen popcorn sizzle in a pot on the stove . casey cover it with a lid , reach for the portable phone . casey hello . man why do not you want to talk to I ? casey who be this ? man you tell I you name , I will tell you mine . casey ( shaking the popcorn ) I do not think so . man what 's that noise ? casey smile , play along , innocently . casey popcorn . man you be make popcorn ? casey uh-huh . man I only eat popcorn at the movie . casey I be get ready to watch a video . man really ? what ? casey just some scary movie . man do you like scary movie ? casey uh-huh . man what 's you favorite scary movie ? he 's flirt with she . casey move away from the stove and take a seat at the kitchen counter , directly in front of the glass door . casey I do not know . man you have to have a favorite . casey think for second . casey uh... halloween . you know , the one with the guy with the white mask who just sorta walk around and stalk the baby sitter . what 's yours ? man guess . casey uh... nightmare on elm STREET . man be that the one where the guy have knife for finger ? casey yeah ... freddy krueger . man freddy - that 's right . I like that movie . it be scary . casey the first one be , but the rest suck . man so , you gotta boyfriend ? casey ( giggle ) why ? you wanna ask I out ? man maybe . do you have a boyfriend ? casey no. man you never tell I you name . casey smile , twirling she hair . casey why do you want to know my name ? man because I want to know who I be look at . casey spin around like lightning face the glass door . casey what do you say ? man I want to now who I be talk to . casey that 's not what you say . man what do you think I say ? casey click on the outside light . a flood light illuminate the backyard . her eye survey the grounds . but it 's empty . no one 's there . she turn the light out . on the stove , the popcorn pop . casey I have to go now . man wait ... I think we be gonna go out . casey Nah , I do not think so ... man do not hang up on I . casey gotta go . man do not ... click ! casey hang up . she check the glass door make sure it 's lock and then move to the stove as ... the phone ring . she slide the popcorn from the stove , reach for the phone . casey yes ? man I tell you not to hang up on I . casey what do you want ? man to talk . casey dial someone else , okay ? man you get scared ? casey no-bore . click . she hang up . the phone ring again . she grab it . casey listen , asshole ... man ( deadly serious ) no , you listen , you little bitch . if you hang up on I again i'll gut you like a fish . understand ? total silence . he have get she full attention . casey be this some kind of a joke ? man more of a game , really . casey eye the glass door , then look up the hallway to the front door ... move to it . it 's unlock . she bolt it . casey I be two second from call the police . man they would never make it in time . casey move she face flush against the door , she eye look through the peephole . angle through peephole . a distort view of the front porch . it be empty . she relax a bit , relieved . casey what do you want ? man ( pure evil ) to see what you inside look like . casey 's jaw drop as total fear storm she face . she hang up the phone , throw it down on a side table when ... the doorbell chime . casey leap out of she skin . she turn to the door as it chime again . casey ( call out ) who 's there ? another chime . she move to it . casey ( louder ) who 's there ? no answer . fuck this . it 's time for the police . she go for the portable phone . just as she pick it up ... it ring . casey almost drop it , lose she breath ... she bring it to she ear with tremble hand , say nothing ... listen , wait ... a long silence . and then . man you should never say " who 's there ? " . do not you watch scary movie ? it 's a death wish . casey clutches the wall , nearly collapse . she try she damndest to hang tough . casey look , enough be enough . you have you fun now you better leave I alone or else . man or else what ? close on she face , she mind think , calculate ... casey my boyfriend will be here any second and he will be piss when I tell he ... man I think you do not have a boyfriend . busted . she hold steady . casey I lie . I do have a boyfriend and he will be here any second and you ass better be go . man sure ... casey I swear it . and he 's big and play football and will beat the shit out of you . man I be get scared . casey I be tell you the truth . I lie before ... man I believe you ... casey so you better leave . man his name would not be Steve , would it ? silence . casey buckle at the knee , lose it . casey how do you know he name ? man go to the back door and turn on the porch light -- again . casey , terrify , force herself to move .. staggering to the kitchen ... to the glass door . her shaky hand find the light switch ... she hit it . the back yard be light . sitting in a lawn chair in the middle of the backyard be a big , line backer of a guy , she boyfriend ... steve tie and gag . he 's be rough up , but he 's alive . close on he eye .. wide in fear .. stare at he girlfriend , plead with she . casey oh goddddd ... casey scream . her hand move to the lock on the door . man I would not do that if I be you . terror ride casey 's face . she 's petrify . casey where be you ? man guess . her eye search the yard , comb bush , tree . he could be anywhere - anywhere . casey ( begging ) please do not hurt he . man that all depend on you . casey why be you do this ? tear find they way , stream down casey 's face . man I wanna play a game . casey no ... man then he die . right now . casey nooo ! man which be it ? a long silence . casey touch the glass ... stare at steve ... this big jock of a guy be cry too . casey what kind of game ? man turn off the light . her hand go to the switch ... Steve tug and pull at he strap ... as if begging she ... he face sweat and tear ... click he disappear in the darkness . casey move away from the glass , back toward the live room , unbely , horrify . man here 's how we play . I ask a question . if you get it right - Steve life . Three curtainless window line one wall . casey crouch down behind the couch , tipping a lamp cord from it 's socket , darken the room . her body quiver . casey please do not do this ... man come on . it will be fun . casey no ... please . man it 's a easy category . Movie trivia . casey ( begging ) ..please ... man I will even give you a warm up question . casey do not do this . I can not .. man name the killer in halloween . casey no ... man come on . it 's you favorite scary movie , remember ? he have a white mask , he stalk the baby-sitter . casey go silent ... a nervous wreck ... she can barely speak much less think . casey I do not know ... man come on , yes you do . casey please..stop ... casey be sobbing . man what 's he name ? casey I can not think . casey have officially reach hysteria , petrify beyond all reality . man Steve 's count on you . suddenly ... through tear ... godsent ... casey ( a whisper ) Michael ... Michael myer . man yes ! casey sigh ... relieved . man now for the real question . casey noooo .... man but you be do so well . casey please go away ! leave we alone ! man then answer the question . same category . casey be a blubber , wet mass on the floor . casey ..please..no ... man name the killer in friday the 13th . a mad smile purse casey 's lip . she know this . she leap up , through tear , scream ... casey Jason ! Jason !... jason ! a slight pause . man I be sorry . that 's the wrong answer . casey no it 's not . it be Jason . man afraid not . casey it be Jason . I see that godamn movie twenty time . it be Jason . man then you should know Jason 's mother - Mrs . vorhee be the original killer . Jason do not show up until the sequel . casey be stupefy . casey you trick I ... man lucky , for you there 's a bonus round . but poor Steve ... I be afraid ... he 's out . this implication send casey run to the kitchen ... to the glass door . she flip on the porch light to see ... steve eye wide , sit in the lawn chair ... he belly gape open ... a mass of blood and rip flesh ... he inside lay on the ground between he foot ... steam rise . a scream erupt from the bottom of she soul as casey collapse on the floor ... nearly pass out . close on she face ... pale and ghostly white . she sob . man final question . be you ready ? she do not answer . a long , madden silence . casey reach up and click off the light , make Steve go away ... wishing , hope ... casey .. leave I alone .. please ... man answer the question and I will . casey be curl up on the floor like a infant , rock slowly back and forth . man what door be I at ? casey what ? man there be two door to you house . a front door and a back one . if you answer correctly - you live . from where casey sit she can see both front and back door . she deliberate ... with she last bit of strength she try to strategize . eyeing both , the front door ... the back door try to decide between the two . casey do not make I ... I can not ... I will not . man you call . in the darkness , casey crawl to the kitchen counter - she lean up and grab a long , sharp knife . casey look around she ... she look down the hall to the front door ... then turn back to the kitchen glass door as it suddenly ... shatter to bit ... as a lawn chair come fly through it . explode glass spray everywhere . this incite casey like fire . she spring to she foot ... bolt out of the kitchen as a shadow move quickly through the shattered doorframe . angle on casey somewhere in the house , back flat against a window , listen to feet on cracking glass . she turn and unlock the latch , quietly slide it up . she can hear he move through the foyer ... to the front door . casey lift herself up and put she leg through the window . she hold the knife in one hand , the phone in the other . casey ease out the window , fumble , drop the knife back in the house . she start to reach for it . fuck it , she take off ... ext . side of house casey it at the back corner of the house . man I can hear you . I know you be here . casey ease along a narrow path between a tall fence and the side of the house ... go for the front yard . she must pass the three curtainless window . she get to the first one and peek in ... the figure have pull open the foyer closet , search for she . casey creep along , to the next window , she look in ... the figure be completely on the other side of the room move toward the hall that lead to other part of the house . she move further along the house ... squeezing by hedge ...to the third window ... she peek in to the figure ... staring back at her ... his face cover with a ghostly white mask , inch from she ... he eye pierce through ... soulless ... casey scream bloody murder as a hand ... crash through the glass window grab hold of she neck ... she beat at he try to free herself ... she nail dig into he arm ... she wrench from side to side ... finally break free as the hand disappear inside the house ... ext . corner of house casey sail around the corner of the house , eyeing the front door . it remain close . her eye cover the sprawling country yard when suddenly .... headlight appear in the distance , come down the road towards the house ... she recognize they instantly . Mom ... dad ... she tear off across the yard toward they ... move like lightning ... the car turn into the driveway ... casey scream , wave madly , rush by a tree as ... the ghost masked figure appear casey stumble back , catch she balance ... the figure move on she , arm poise high ... a flash of silver ... and casey be strike , across the chest . she look down to see she shirt blossoming red ... a look of bewilderment as she drop to one knee . the knife rise again ... casey throw she hand forward ... the blade come down ... but it 's block by the portable phone still in she hand . she turn staggering to ... ext . driveway a middle - aged couple emerge from the park car . they move to the front door completely unaware of what 's happen to they daughter , only foot from they . ext . front yard casey stumble forward ... she parent ten foot away ... she open she mouth to scream but no sound resonate ... she be beyond word ... staggering , sway ... the figure move behind she . ext . front door her parent approach the door father that fish smell strong . mother I tell you to send it back . the father discover the front door ajar . a puzzle look . casey be right behind they with one arm outstretch . if they would only turn around ... they enter the house and close the door as .... casey collapse on the ground , clutching she bloody chest ... the figure upon she . int . foyer the father see straight back into the kitchen ... the shattered patio door . father Jesus ... mother what be it ? where 's casey ? father ( call out ) casey ? casey ? in a split second they be both panic stricken . the father begin search the house frantically . the mother be hysterical . ext . front yard close on casey ... she 's drag by she foot through damp soil ... the life go fast from she body ... she hand still clutching the phone . int . foyer back in the house . mother where be she ? father call the police . the mother move to the phone in the foyer , pick it up ... there be no dial tone . she jiggle the base . father ( search ) casey ? where be you honey ? call the police , goddammit . mother the phone 's dead . the ... the softest ... faintest voice be hear ... casey ( from phone ) ..help I ... mother she 's here , God , I can hear she . where 's my baby ? the husband return to the foyer find he wife cling to the phone . father where be she ? mother I can hear she . oh mother of God , I can hear she . the father upturn the live room . father casey ! casey ! mother not my daughter ... not my ... the husband grab hold of he wife . father get in the car and drive down to the mackenzie 's . the other throw the front door open and rush out ... the father move through the house when a scream echoe out . that of he wife . he tear off for the front door . ext . front door the father rush out the door to find he wife , on she knee , bent over , retching . his eye move beyond to a tree in the front yard ... he stomach fail he ... he dinner rise ... as he bare witness to the single , most horrifying sight he will ever see . that of he only daughter as she hang from a big oak tree ... strung up ... very much dead ... she stomach rip open . blackout ! begin MAIN title fade in : int . bedroom - same night a teenage girl 's room . neat and pinkish . on the bed , amongst age - old stuff animal lie open school book . the camera pan to a desk against the wall where ... sidney prescott a young girl of 17 , sit , she face glue to the computer monitor in front of she . close on she face . sharp and clever with deep , lonely eye . she 's comfortable in a plain , flannel nightgown . her hand be at work , type feverishly , when suddenly ... crash-boom a noise behind she . she turn abruptly , eyeing a open window across the room . a scratching sound . she stand and move toward it . ext . window sidney stick she head out the window . the late night wind hit she face as a shadow appear just to the leave of she , a hand reach out , grab she and suddenly a figure be on top of she ... int . bedroom sid scream ... pull away from the figure ... break free , fall back onto the floor . voice ( o.c. ) hey ... it 's just I . sid look up to see ... billy loomis a young , strapping boy of seventeen . handsome and allure . a star quarterback / class president type of guy . he sport a smile that could last for day . sidney billy ? what the ... billy I be sorry . do not hate I . sidney what be you do here ? billy you sleep in that ? billy pull himself through the window . sidney ( whisper ) my dad 's in the other room . billy I will only stay a sec . suddenly ... the bedroom door burst open . the doorknob catch on the open closet door behind it jam it , hold it in place . voice ( from behind door ) what 's go on in there ? billy quickly roll out of sight behind the bed . sidney unjam the door to reveal ... mr . prescott , late 40' , a severe presence . a distract man , nervous and pre-occupy . mr. prescott be you okay ? sidney can you knock ? mr. prescott I hear scream . sidney no you do not . mr. prescott no ? oh , well ... I be hit the sack . my flight leave first thing in the morning . now the expo run all weekend so I will not be back till Sunday . there 's cash on the table and I will be stay at the Raleigh Hilton ... sidney .. out at the airport ... mr. prescott .. so call if you need I . sidney get it . he give the bedroom a quick once over . mr. prescott I coulda swore I hear scream . sidney distract he , give he a peck on the cheek . sidney have a good trip . mr. prescott sleep tight , sweetie . he give she a wink and pull the door close . billy reappear . billy Close call . sidney what be you do here ? billy take a fly leap and land on the bed . billy it just occur to I that I have never snuck through you bedroom window . sidney now that it 's out of you system . billy and I be home , bored , watch television , the exorcist be on and it get I think of you . sidney oh it do ? billy yeah , it be edit for tv . all the good stuff be cut out and I start think about we and how two year ago , we start off kinda hot and heavy , a nice solid " R " rating on we way to a nc17 . and how thing have change and , lately , we be just sot of ... edit for television . sidney so you think you could sneak in my window and we would have little bump - bump . billy no , no . I would not dream of break you underwear rule . I just think we might do some on top of the clothes stuff . she snuggle up next to he , plant a kiss on he lip . passionate and gentle . he , however , react like a shark , move on top of she , he hand everywhere as he press into she ... sidney break away . sidney time to go , stud bucket . billy sit up . his heart be not racing ... it 's pounding . billy see what you do to I . sweat have pop out all over he forehead , he breathe heavy . sidney you know what my dad will do to you ? billy I be go ... I be go . he move to the window . she follow , motion to he wound . sidney I appreciate the romantic gesture . she give he a kiss goodnight . sweet and simple . billy ( whisper ) hey .. about the sex stuff . I be not try to rush you . I be only half serious . she kiss he again as he ease through the window . sidney would you settle for a pg - 13 relationship ? billy what 's that ? she pull she flannel gown open for a split second ... flash she leave breast . his mouth drop open ... surprise , shock . they eye meet . they share a smile . sidney get outa here . int . sidney' bedroom - early morning close on sidney snuggling she pillow , sleep peacefully when ... the radio alarm blast from the night table loud enough to wake the dead . sidney bolt up . disc jockey ( from radio ) .. find brutally murder ... click . sidney , quick with the reflex , shut it off instantly . a car trunk slam shut outside . sidney pull herself out of bed and lean to the window just in time to see she dad jump in he car . she half wave down at he but he do not see she . he 's as good as go , pull out of the driveway and disappear down the road . a moment as sidney stand at the window , stare out after he . ext . school - morning close on a sign " bayboro high school . home of the fighting bulldogs " the camera pull back to reveal a picture perfect small town school . Old and charming . student come and go , move about . nothing unusual , except for the ... six police car , four news van , flash camera , and crowd and crowd of lookie- loo 's gather just off campus . ext . sidewalk sidney approach the school see the commotion . four different reporter stand in front of four different camera give four different news report . she move pass a policeman stand guard . her interest peak , she stop at the first reporter who be ... gale weather thirties . he smart face be overshadow by a flashy smile and a massive mane of chemically enhance hair . gale ( for the camera ) the small town of bayboro , North Carolina be devastate last night when two young teenager be find brutally butcher . authority have yet to issue a statement but we source tell we that no arrest have be make and the murderer could strike again ... on sidney . move , disturb . from behind , a finger tap she shoulder . she spin around to see ... Tatum riley , same age , feisty , carefree . tatum do you believe this shit ? sidney what happen ? they break away from the crowd and head for school . tatum oh God ! you do not know ? casey becker and Steve forrest be kill last night . sidney no way . tatum and not just kill , sid . we be talk splatter movie kill - split open end to end . sidney casey becker ? she sit next to I in English . tatum not anymore . her parent find she hang from a tree . her inside on the outside . sidney do they know who do it ? tatum Fucking clueless - they be interrogate the entire school . teacher , student , staff , janitor ... sidney they think it 's school - related ? tatum they do not know . dewey say this be the worst crime they have ever see . even worse than ... ( stop herself ) well it 's bad . they be bring in the fed . this be big . sidney look back at gale , she face deeply pain . int . classroom - later a frumpy old woman , mrs . tate , face she class . her hand clasped together . a tragic look upon she face . mrs . tate ..a terrible tragedy . a unbearable loss . it 's day like today we need prayer in school ... sidney sit near the rear of the room . the desk in front of she sit vacant . sidney can not take she eye of it . the door open and a student open with a slip of paper . he hand 's it to Mrs. tate . mrs . tate sidney . it appear to be you turn . int . principal' office the room be at capacity ... wall to wall with police , and the like . some sit , stand , lean ... sheriff burke , a round man in he fifty , wipe the stress from he face . sheriff burke who 's up next ? a young officer look at the clipboard . this be deputy riley , better know as dewey . he 's a big guy , 20' , handsome in a scrubbed - clean boyish way . dewey sidney Prescott . sheriff burke gesture to bring she in . principal himbry , 50' , a old codger of a man wear a sour face speak up . mr. himbry sidney Prescott . she be daughter of ... dewey we all know sidney , Mr. himbry . sheriff burke how she doin ' ? mr. himbry she 's adjust well . maintain a " a " average . you never know she ... himbry stop short , see sidney in the doorway . he rise and seat she . sheriff burke hi sidney . sidney sheriff burke . dewey . dewey shake he head seriously . dewey it 's deputy riley today , sid . sheriff burke how be everything ? sidney good . sheriff burke and you dad ? how 's he do ? sidney we be fine . thanks . mr. himbry we will be brief , sidney . the police have a few question they would like to ask you ... sidney eye they all nervously . ext . school courtyard - later student sit at outdoor table eat lunch . crowd at one table be the " gang " . this consist of sidney , billy and Tatum . next to Tatum , sit she boyfriend stuart , with he arm drape across she back . he 's a billy wannabe . almost the jock , almost handsome , almost cool . he try way to hard . across the table be the fifth wheel , randy . a tall and gangly kid with no such billy -like aspiration . a witty jokester who elevate geek to coolness . tatum hunt ? why would they ask if you like to hunt ? stu I do not know , they just do . randy because they body be gut . sidney flinch . billy thanks Randy . tatum they do not ask I if I like to hunt . stu because there 's no way a girl could have kill they . tatum that be so sexist . the killer could easily be female - BASIC instinct . randy that be a ice pick - not exactly the same . stu yeah , casey and Steve be completely hollow out . take a man to do something like that . tatum or a man 's mentality . sidney ( quiet , almost to herself ) how do you gut someone ? all eye turn to sidney . a serious silence . and then : stu you take a knife and slit from the groin to the sternum . sidney shiver down to she soul . the whole table roll they eye at stu . stu what ? she ask . billy it 's call tact , you fuckrag . stu sorry . randy remember in jaw when they catch the wrong shark at first and Richard dreyfuss cut it open to look foe body part and all they find be a licence plate and all this white milky goo . stu lean over and sock Randy in the arm . stu you hear billy - shut the fuck up . sidney hey , stu ? do not you use to date casey ? stu 's take back , a little off guard . stu for about two second . randy before she dumped he foe Steve . Tatum turn to stu , surprised . tatum I think you dumped she for I . stu I do . he 's full of shit . randy and be the police aware you date the victim ? stu ( offended ) what be you say ? that I kill she or something ? randy it would certainly improve you high school q. tatum stu be with I last night . randy oooooh ... before or after he slice and dice . tatum fuck you , nut case . where be you last night ? randy work , thank you . tatum I think blockbuster fire you . randy twice . stu I do not kill anybody . billy no one 's say you do . randy besides - ( perfect stu mimic ) " take a man to do something like that . " stu I be gonna gut you ass in a second . randy ( to stu ) do you really put she liver in the mailbox ? I hear they find she liver in the mailbox . tatum ( eyeing sidney ) Randy , you goon - fuck , I be eat here . stu nibble at Tatum 's neck . stu yeah , Randy , she 's get mad . I think you better liver alone . stu crack up at he own joke . the other just moan . sidney be about to crawl out of she skin , try hard to ignore it all . ext . sidney' house - later a huge two story country home with a spacious lawn . a yellow school bus stop in front of the house and sidney step off . the house look big and lonely as sidney move up the walk to the front door . int . bedroom - later sidney be on the telephone . sidney ( into phone ) you sure I can stay over ? my dad will not be back till Sunday . tatum ( through phone ) no prob . I will pick you up after practice . sidney tell you mom I say thanks . tatum yeah , yeah ... be you okay ? sidney uh-huh , it 's just ... you know , the police and reporter ... it bring it all back . tatum I will be there by seven . I promise sidney thanks , Tatum . tatum later . sidney hang up . she take a seat at she computer and boot it up . she sit in front of it stare at the blue screen ... she own reflection stare back . int . live room - later sidney come down the stair , she arm carry a change of clothes , toothbrush , make -up ... she open the hall closet and pull a small overnight bag from the top shelf . move into the live room she load it up , plopping down on the sofa , hit the tv remote . close on the screen a news reporter fade in . reporter # 1 ( on tv ) the entire nation be shocked today by the teen murder in North Carolina ... sidney switch channel . reporter # 2 the State Bureau of investigation have join force with local authority to help catch what the Governor have call the most heinous ... the channel switch again . gale weather appear , stand in front of the school . her white tooth gleam . gale this be not the first time the small town of bayboro have endure such tragedy . only a year ago , Maureen Prescott , wife and mother , be find rape and murder ... a old black and white snapshot fill the screen -a woman , beautiful and familiar . close on sidney eye freeze , mesmerize by the image . suddenly she click the tv off . her eye go to the clock on the end table . 5:45 pm . her eye then move to the frame photo next to it ... the same black and white photo stare at she ... a healthy , vibrant woman . a older version of sidney . sidney curl up on the sofa close she eye tight ... int . live room - later the clock on the end table read 7:15 pm . sidney be fast asleep on the couch . the phone ring . sidney leap up grab the portable phone . tatum ( from phone ) practice run late . I be on my way . sidney ( eye clock ) it 's past seven . tatum do not worry . casey and Steve do not bite it till way after ten . sidney I be not worried . tatum good , ' cause I wanna swing by blockbuster and get we a video . I be thinkin' Tom Cruise in all the right move . you know , if you pause it just right you can see he penis . sidney whatever . just hurry . tatum bye . she hang up the phone . it immediately ring again . sidney ( into phone ) Tatum ? man' voice ( from phone ) hello , sidney . it's he . the voice from before . sidney hi . who be this ? man you tell I . sidney think , try to place he voice . it sound a little distort . sidney I have no idea . man scary night , be not it ? with the murder and all , it 's like right out of a horror movie or something . sidney aha , Randy , you give yourself away . be you call from work ? Tatum 's on she way over . man do you like scary movie , sidney ? sidney I like that thing you be do with you voice , Randy . it 's sexy . man what 's you favorite scary movie ? sidney do not start . you know I do not watch that shit . man and why be that ? sidney ( play along ) because they be all the same . it 's always some stupid killer stalking some big breast girl - who can not act - who always run up the stair when she should be go out the front door . they be ridiculous . a brief silence . man be you alone in the house ? sidney that be so unoriginal . you disappoint I , Randy . man maybe that 's because I be not Randy . sidney so who be you ? man the question be not who be I . the question be where be I ? sidney so where be you ? man you front porch . this give she pause . she move to the window and pull aside the drape . sidney why would you call I from my front porch ? man that 's the original part . angle through window . she can not quite see all of the porch . sidney oh yeah ? well I call you bluff . sidney go to the front door . she unlock the bolt , unsnag the chain , and pull the door open ... revealing the front porch ... completely empty . she step out onto it , phone still in hand . a single light shine overhead illuminate the porch , but little beyond . darkness be all around . sidney so where be you ? man right here . sidney peer out into the darkness past thick shrub that grow on either side of the porch . sidney can you see I right now ? man uh-huh . sidney what be I do ? she stick she finger up she nose , pretend to pick . silence . no answer . sidney good try , Randy . tell Tatum to hurry . bye now . man if you hang up , you will die just like you mother . sidney stop dead in she track , speechless . man ( deadly ) do you want to die , sidney ? you mother do not . his seriousness unnerve she . sid fly off the handle . sidney fuck you ! you cretin ! she hang up on he . move back inside the house . lock , chain , and bolt the door when ... a figure come leaping out of the hall closet rush she , ramming into she side .. the phone fly .. the figure be on top of she as she go down ... scream ... she look up to see the figure , darkly dress with a pale , distort face , white and ghostly ... a mask . her instinct surface and she kick up with she foot make the contact with he leg ... he topple over ... come right at she , he hand find she neck . suddenly , along , silver blade appear above she . sidney pull , jerk , twist ... finally she lift she torso forward knock the figure off she ... send he reeling into the live room . wasting no time , sidney leap to she foot . she move to the front door , unlock it ... pull it open ... it catch on the chain . shit ! she push it close again look behind she .. the figure have rise , knife in hand . sidney pull on the chain and then -inexplicably turn and ... run up the stair . the figure right behind she . int . upstair landing the figure leap at sidney take hold of she foot , she grab madly at the wall ... she hand grasp a frame painting - a quiet country home , subdued color , do in oil - she rip it from the wall swinging it behind she ... it catch the figure head on , smash against he skull , send he backwards , tumble down the stair . sidney race to she bedroom ... int . bedroom she lock the door shut , the pull she closet door open , place the edge right at the door knob just as ... the figure pound against the bedroom door ... ramming it , it rip open , but the closet door catch it in a crazy vice - like hold . sidney grab the desk phone . it 's dead ... off the hook downstairs . the figure rush the door several time .. the frame splinter .. but will not give . sidney be at she computer , she punch at the keypad madly . close on screen as word appear . fax modem 9-1-1 send the knife slashes through the crack in the door wildly . on screen again help killer 34 elm ST sidney press send when it occur to she - all be quiet . the figure be go . a fearful silence . she look around ... the only sound she own rapid , terrify breathing . on the screen " stay calm . Police enroute . " suddenly a noise at the window ... sidney look up to see ... billy she boyfriend , stare at she , surprised . sidney oh billy ... please ... God ... billy I hear scream . the door be lock . be you okay ... sidney he 's here . he 's try to kill I ... billy pull himself through the window . as he do , a small black object fall from he dark jeans . it hit the floor as sidney eye it ... a sleek , compact cellular phone . sidney stop in she track . they eye meet ... a eternity . a siren be hear in the distance . sidney bolt ... billy hey ... wait ... what 's goin .. billy reach for she . sidney unblock the bedroom door and tear out of the room . int . landing sidney nearly fall down the stair ... int . foyer she rip the chain off the door , pull it open , come face to face with a white , ghostly mask . a massive scream erupt from she gut as ... the camera pull back to find dewey - deputy riley , hold it . Red light flash , siren blast vas car after car surround the house . sidney fall into the safety of dewey 's arm . ext . front yard - minute later the yard be a whirlwind of activity . a ambulance , squad car , cop everywhere ... close on billy face as it smashes against the hood of a police car . his hand be be cuffed , he rights be read . billy ( scream ) I do not do anything ! sid ... where 's sid ? ask she , she will tell ya ... dewey hold a car door open as sheriff burke step out . dewey we get he , sheriff . billy loomis . sheriff burke hank loomis ' kid ? aw .. Jesus ... dewey he 's she boyfriend . they approach billy as he 's be place in a squad car . billy sheriff ... I do not do it ... please , call my dad..please ... the squad car disappear with billy as another car come to a stop in front of the house . Tatum get out , freak beyond belief . back to the sheriff and dewey as they storm across the yard . dewey I be first to respond . sheriff burke what be you do out here ? dewey drive by patrol . sheriff burke how be she ? dewey she 's tough . sheriff burke have to be . the shit she 's go through . across the yard sit sidney , in the back of a ambulance as paramedics check she out . sheriff burke and riley approach . sheriff burke we be see a lot of you today . she try to smile but fail . dewey you gonna be able to come down to the station and talk to we a bit ? sidney ..yeah ... tatum appear , barrel past a officer . tatum what happen ? oh God ... Tatum rush to she , grab hold of she . dewey ( to Tatum ) what be you do here ? tatum oh , God , sid , I be sorry I be late . dewey you can not be here , Tatum . this be a official crime scene . sidney it 's okay . she be suppose to pick I up . tatum her dad 's out of town . she 's stay with we . dewey do mom know ? tatum yes , you doofus . two news van come drive up the street . sheriff burke the vulture be come . let 's get you out of here . ext . STREET a big , white news van come to a stop in front of the house . the side door slide open and gale weather hop out just in time to see sidney be escort to a squad car . gale I will be damned . jumping from the driver 's seat be kenny , gale 's cameraman and flunky . a earnest young chap on the chubby side . kenny what ? what ? gale Jesus ! the camera-hurry ! but it 's too late . sidney be as good as go . gale see Tatum move quickly to she car . gale Excuse I ? Tatum look up to see gale weather rush she . gale be that sidney Prescott they take away ? tatum I do not know . Tatum hop in she car , ignore she . gale what happen to she ? tatum I be not talk to you . Tatum 's car peel out as Kenny come run up with he camera . kenny where would she go ? gale spin around , flash she pearly white . gale look , Kenny , I know you be about fifty pound overweight but when I say hurry please interpret that as ... move you fat tub of lard ass now ! gale move back to the van leave Kenny miff . int . police station a small town station . the bull pen be a little square room with four desk and tonight -- it 's hopping . cop everywhere . int . sheriff' office sidney sit at a desk drink a cup of water . she wear the sheriff 's jacket over she shoulder . dewey approach . sidney do you reach my dad ? dewey you be sure it be the Hilton ? sidney at the airport . dewey he 's not register . could he have go to another hotel ? sidney I do not know . I guess . dewey we will find he , sid . do not worry . sidney stare blankly , numb . int . sheriff' office billy sit opposite sheriff burke . next to billy , sit he father , hank loomis , a older version of billy . sheriff burke what be you do with a cellular telephone , son ? mr. loomis it 's my phone . he be just play around with it . sheriff burke you get some idea of play around , boy . billy I do not call anyone with it . I just take it for fun . mr. loomis everybody 's get one now . why do not you check the phone bill for chrissake . call my carrier -- airfone comp . they will have record of every number dial . sheriff burke thank you , hank . we be on it . what be you do out at sidney 's tonight ? billy I just want to see she , that 's all . sheriff burke you ride you bike out there ? billy yes , sir . sheriff burke and last night ? sidney say you crawle through she window last night too ? mr. loomis ( surprised ) you be out last night ? billy I watch tv for awhile but the I feel like go for a bike ride . sheriff burke do you ride past casey becker 's house ? billy no , I do not . I do not kill anyone , sheriff . sheriff burke we be gonna have to keep you , billy . the governor 's get SBI , FBI , and god know who else on they way down here . billy fight tear . billy this be crazy . I do not do it . sheriff burke eye he up and down , very carefully . int . police bull pen - minute later Tatum have join sidney . the sheriff 's door open and billy be lead out by a coupla uniform . burke and dewey appear in the door watch Tatum comfort sidney . out of ear shot dewey that ghost mask be sell at both kroger 's and WalMart . neither of which keep purchase record . sheriff burke what about the cellular phone bill ? dewey they be pull loomis ' account . but it will be morning before we see something . you think he do it ? sheriff burke twenty year ago I woulda say not a chance . but this kid today ... damn if I know . tatum ( o.s. ) hey ... dewey . can we go now ? dewey hold up a sec ... sheriff burke she stay with you ? dewey we have not locate she dad yet . tatum ( o.s. ) goddammit , dewey ! dewey turn to she , he face red . dewey what do mama tell you ? when I wear this badge you treat I like a man of the law . tatum I be sorry , deputy dewey - boy but we be ready to go . sheriff burke use the back way . avoid the circus . ext . police station - side door the door open and sidney , Tatum , dewey , and a coupla officer exit avoid the horde of reporter that can be see around the corner wait anxiously at the front entrance . dewey I will get the car . wait here . dewey take off . from the darkness of the alley , gale weather appear with Kenny and he camera . they have be wait . gale hello sidney . sidney spin around to see gale , stand , smile at she . sidney 's body tighten and she face go taut . gale some night . be you alright ? they eye meet in cold familiar stare . sidney say nothing . she 's visibly shaking . gale what happen ? tatum she 's not answer any question . just leave we alone , okay ? sidney it 's okay , Tatum . she 's just do she job . right , gale ? gale yes , that 's right . dewey , in a squad car , turn into the alley and pull up . the other news people have wisen up . they begin to flock the alley . sidney how 's the book ? gale it will be out later this year . sidney try to contain herself .. squeezing a clench fist . sidney I will look for it . gale I will send you a copy . in a blurred , unexpected instant , sidney bring she fist forward , smashing it hard into gale weather 's face . the impact send gale reeling backwards , knock into Kenny as they both tumble to the pavement . on sidney ... breathe deep , a sense of satisfaction on she face . int . tatum's bedroom - later a spacious bedroom . typical . Tatum and sidney lay on the bed . they both wear night shirt . tatum God , I love it . " I will send you a copy . " bam ! bitch go down . " I will send you a copy . " bam ! sid--superbitch ! dewey appear in the doorway hold a bag of ice . dewey I think you might want some ice for that right hook . sidney sit up , take the ice , and put it on she hand . dewey I will be right next door . try to get some sleep . dewey move back out the door . sidney any word on my dad ? dewey ( turn to she ) not yet , but we be look . if you need anything ... tatum yeah , yeah , yeah ... dewey smile , pull the door close on he way out . sidney lie back down . sidney just another sleepover at the riley 's . tatum just like old time , be not it ? sidney no , nothing 's like it use to be . sidney roll over at she side , away from Tatum . a telephone ring somewhere in the house . tatum do you really think billy do it ? sidney he be there , Tatum . tatum I know this guy be too perfect . he be destine to have a flaw . a knock at the door . it open and a friendly , gray woman pop in . this be mama riley . she wear a comforting smile . mama riley telephone , dear . tatum who be it ? mama riley it 's for sid sidney my dad ? mama riley shake she head sadly . tatum take a message . sidney it 's alright . I will get it . sidney take off out the door . mama riley motion to Tatum . mama riley ( whisper ) how be she ? Tatum shrug . int . hallway sidney grab the phone at the end of the hall . sidney hello ? man ( from phone ) hello sidney . it's he . the camera do a hitchcock as sidney 's entire body go weak .. he voice move through her.. invade she . she cry out . sidney noooooo ... mama riley turn in the doorway . Tatum come bolt out of the bedroom . man ( from phone ) poor billy -boyfriend . a innocent guy do not stand a chance with you . sidney leavemealone ! man look like you finger the wrong guy ... again . sidney who be you ? tatum hang up , sid . man do not worry . you will find out soon enough . I promise . mama riley beat on a close bedroom door . mama riley dewey ! dewey ! man this be gonna be fun , sidney . just like old time . click . dewey fly out of he room wear only he boxer ... hold he gun . dewey what ? what ? the phone go dead . sidney stand freeze . ext . bayboro MAIN STREET - dawn - establishing the morning sun shine high over bayboro townsquare . Cars come to life , townsfolk stir as the picture postcard community awaken from a restless sleep . int . kitchen - morning sidney and Tatum sit at the kitchen table , dress and ready for school as mama riley serve up breakfast . a small television sit on the counter blaring . dewey , in uniform , stand near the door , talk on the phone . mama riley I think you girl really should stay home today . tatum you objection be duly note . sidney I would rather be around a lot of people , mama riley . from the tv , sidney hear she name , " sidney prescott ... " all eye go to the television . reporter ( on tv ) .. who escape a vicious attack last night be the daughter of Maureen Prescott who be brutally kill last year when convict murderer cotton weary ... insert of cotton weary , in prison fatigue . a once handsome man , now haggard and wear . reporter ( cont would ) .. break into they home and savagely rape and torture the decease . cotton weary be currently await appeal for the death sentence hand down after the young sidney testify against he . she be the key witness in the state 's prosecution ... sidney it 's never gonna stop . be it ? dewey be off the phone . dewey billy be release . his cellular bill be clean . he do not make that call . sidney somebody call I , dewey . I be not make it up . dewey I know . we be check every cellular account in the county . any call make to you or casey becker be be cross - reference . it 's gonna take time but we will find he . sidney and my dad ? any word on he ? riley shake he head " no " . ext . school STREET - later once again , reporter line the street attack student as they make they way to school , ask question , hungry for that teenage insight . dewey 's patrol jeep cruise by . sidney watch from the passenger 's window . int . patrol car dewey pull up in front of the school . Tatum hop out while sid linger , suddenly unsure . dewey take notice . dewey hey , it 's school . you will be safe here . sidney force herself out of the jeep as a microphone be shove in she face ... reporter how do it feel to almost be brutally murder ? dewey leap from the car , intercept the reporter . dewey leave the girl alone , will ya ? she want to go to school . sidney eye the newsvan that 's pull up behind she . the side door slide open and gale weather step out . tatum come on , sid . sidney just a sec ... I need to talk to someone . she head over to gale . ext . newsvan - STREET sidney , put she head down , hide she face ... avoid other reporter as she make she way to ... gale who sit in the open door , check she face in a mirror . makeup try hard to hide sid 's handwork - a swollen black and blue right cheek . gale spot sidney immediately and leap to she foot . gale stop right there . sidney throw she hand up in surrender . sidney I be not here to fight . gale just stay back . sidney I want to talk to you . gale ( call into the van ) Kenny . camera . now . Kenny 's head dart out from the van . sidney off the record . no camera . gale forget it . sidney contain herself . sidney please . you owe I . gale I owe you shit . gale move inside the van . but sidney be relentless . sidney you owe my mother . gale you mother 's murder be last year 's hot court case . somebody be gonna write a book about it . sidney and it have to be you with all you lie and bullshit theory . gale what be you problem ? you get what you want . cotton weary be in jail . they be gonna gas he . a book be not gonna change that . sidney do you still think he 's innocent ? gale 's interest be peak . she eye sidney suspiciously . gale he be convict in a court of law . you testimony put he away . it do not matter what I think . sidney during the trial , you do all that storey about I . you call I a liar . gale I think you falsely identify he . yes . sidney have you talk to cotton ? gale many time . sidney have he story change ? gale not one word . he admit to have sex with you mother but that 's all . sidney he 's lie . she would not have touch he . he rape she , then butcher she . her blood be all over he coat . gale he be drunk that night . he leave he coat at you house , after you mother seduce he ... sidney I see he leave wear it . gale but could not it have be someone else you see wear that coat ? the same person who plant it in cotton 's car , frame he ? the same person who really kill you mother ? a long beat . sidney consider this for the millionth time . sidney no , cotton murder my mother . but there 's doubt in she voice . gale 's face light up . gale you be not so sure anymore , be you ? sidney clam up . sidney no , it be cotton . Tatum come waltzing up . tatum ( to gale ) Nice well . gale ignore she , zeroing in on sidney , half realize . gale the killer be still on the loose , be not he ? this murder be related . tatum yo -- let 's rock . sidney start to fidget . sidney I be sorry I mangle you face . she take off with Tatum . gale call after she . gale wait , sidney , do not go ... but sidney and Tatum have already disappear in the crowd of student move across campus . gale look to Kenny . gale Jesus Christ ! a innocent man on death row . a killer still on the loose . Kenny , tell I I be dream . kenny you want to go live ? gale 's mind race with possibility . gale no , not so fast . we have nothing concrete . kenny when do that ever stop you ? you can not sit on this . this be huge . gale if I be gonna blow this up - I need hard proof . kenny but it 's so much easier when we make it up . gale not this time . I owe cotton that much . Hell , even I think that man be guilty . ext . school campus - second later Tatum and sidney make they way across campus . tatum just relax . you be at school now . no one can get you here . sidney but if it be not billy it could be anybody . he could be here at school right now . they move up the walk as a figure fall in step behind they , sport a white ghost mask . tatum serial killer be smart by definition . they minimize they risk . they plan and pre-calculate everything . show up here would be the most lame - brain move he could make . sidney he promise I he would be back . as easy as the figure appear , it disappear - fall out of site , unseen by either of they . tatum I would not put too much stock in a psycho 's promise . they move up the front step toward the main door of the school as the ghost masked figure reappear ... stand at the top of the step ... sidney see it first , stop dead in she track . she step back , spin around to find ... a ghost face behind she as well , both of they approach , close in on she . sidney start to scream when the two ghost bust up laughing , tear off across campus . ext . STREET in front of the school we catch up a reporter do a live remote . he hold a mask in he hand . reporter this morning several student , in what appear to be a prank , have be spot wear mask . School official have yet to comment but this be the same type of mask wear by the killer ... int . hallway - minute later just before the bell . the hallway be congest with student head to class . Tatum be at she locker with sidney . sidney this be a mistake . I should not be here . tatum I want you to meet I here right after class , okay ? billy appear in the crowd , with stu tagging behind . Tatum spot he first . tatum shit , what be he do here ? sidney I bet he 's piss . tatum just ignore he . you have good reason to think what you do . billy and stu approach . billy 's face be solemn . billy hi , sid . can we talk a sec ? sidney say nothing . she can barely look at he . Tatum intervene . tatum you know if I be accuse of carve up two people , I would take the opportunity to skip school . stu hey , go easy , Tatum . he do not do it . billy talk to I , sid . suddenly , a scream erupt . all eye go to a ghost masked student run down the hall , scream wildly , run amuck . sidney why be they do this ? stu be you kid ? this be like Christmas . billy punch stu in the side . stu Owwww ... billy you open you mouth and stupidity pour out . stu sorry . sidney , clearly upset , take off down the hall . billy race off after she . tatum ( yell ) stay away from she , billy . Tatum slam she locker door shut as the bell ring . int . corridor - second later with first period underway , the hall have clear . one or two struggle student can be see rush to class . sidney move quickly down the hall , round a corner , run smack into ... billy they collide hard catch sidney off guard , scare the life out of she . she fall backwards , but billy catch she fall . sidney Jesus , shit ! billy hey , hey , it 's just I . sidney pull away from he quickly . billy feel the slight . billy what ? you do not still think it 's I ? sidney catch she breath . sidney no ... I do not ... it 's just ... oh God , billy , someone be there , someone try to kill I . billy the police say I scared he off . it be not I , sid . sidney I know . he call again last night at Tatum 's house . billy see , it could not have be I . I be in jail , remember ? sidney I be so sorry ... please understand . billy understand what ? that I get a girlfriend who would rather accuse I of be a psychopathic killer than touch I . sidney you know that 's not true . billy then what be it ? be there somebody else ? sidney no ... billy be it the sex thing ? be I be too pushy ? sidney no , it 's I , billy . I need time . I be still adjust to my mom . billy it 's be a year since she die . sidney ( correct he ) tomorrow . one year tomorrow . billy when be you gonna let that go , sid ? when my mom leave my dad -- I just accept it . this be the way it be . she 's not come back . sidney ( sharply ) you parent split up . it 's not the same thing . you mom leave town , she 's not in a coffin somewhere . billy you have to move on , sid . sidney start to walk away but turn back , angry . sidney I be glad to know you be cope so well with life , billy . but some of we be not so perfect . some of we be just try to hold on . sidney disappear through a door mark girl bathroom , leave billy alone in the hallway . he smack he forehead , piss at himself . int . girl bathroom large and spacious . close bathroom stall line one wall face a row of sink and a huge mirror . sidney enter as two girl tinkle and talk -- each from they respective stall . girl # 1 she be never attack . I think she make it all up . girl # 2 why would she lie about it ? girl # 1 for attention . the girl have some serious issue . sidney listen intently . a toilet flush . sidney quickly jump in a stall , hide , just as girl # 1 appear from a stall . she look like that voice - - a snotty little twit . girl # 1 what if she do it ? what if sidney kill casey and Steve ? girl # 2 and why would she do that ? girl # 1 maybe she be hot for Steve and kill they both in a jealous rage . another toilet flush . girl # 2 why would sidney want to be with Steve ? she have she own bubble - butt boyfriend billy . girl # 1 maybe she 's a slut just like she mom . inside the stall sidney listen . her face weaken . girl # 2 you be evil . girl # 1 please , it 's common knowledge . her mother be a trollop . girl # 2 appear from she stall - - another twit . they both stand in front of the mirror adjust two snotty face . girl # 2 cut some slack . she watch she mom get butcher . girl # 1 and it fuck she up royally . think about it . it make perfect sense . her mom 's death leave she distraught and hostile at a cruel and inhumane world , she 's disillusion , where 's God , etc . completely suicidal . and one day she snap . she want to kill herself but realize teen suicide be out this year . and homicide be a much healthier therapeutic expression . from the stall , sidney listen , she heart pound , jaw quivering . girl # 2 where do you get this shit ? girl # 1 ricki Lake . the two girl exit . sidney move out of the stall , catch she reflection in the mirror . sidney pathetic . Water drip somewhere from a leaky pipe as wind whistle in from the crack transom above the bathroom door . it sound almost like a whisper , " siddneey ... " sidney spin around . what the ... she check out the bathroom . the door to the stall be all close . she bend down and scan beneath they , look for foot . no one . nothing . sidney turn back to the mirror . suddenly ... man ( o.c. whisper ) siddneey ... unmistakable this time . the voice strike sidney like a nail through the eye . it come from one of the stall . she stand thunderstruck , eyeing the stall through the mirror . sidney be someone there ? a long , morose silence . and then : man ( softly , simply ) it 's I , sidney . sidney spin around . fuck no ! he's here . terror flood she face . she eye the exit door , then the row of stall she must pass to get to it . she check under the stall again . nothing ... where the fuck be he ? she take a step forward when ... two feet step down from a toilet onto the floor in the last stall . sidney 's face draw tight as the stall door begin to creak open . she bolt forward , make a break for it ... but slip on the wet floor ... she foot fly out from under ... sidney reach out ... grab hold of a sink ... save herself from fall ... she glimpsis a ghost mask in the mirror come for she . a hand grab she shoulder as she slam she body through the exit door ... narrowly escape . int . corridor - continuous sidney fly out of the bathroom door scream ... burn up the hallway , not look back . a teacher , hearing she scream , peer out from a open doorway ... as sidney sprint by he , not stop ... run madly . int . principal be office - continuous close on a red-face principal himbry as he read someone the riot act . mr . himbry I be sicken . you whole havoc-induc , thieve , whore generation disgust I . the camera swing around to reveal two ghost masked student stand at attention . Mr. himbry rip the mask off of one of the student 's head . mr. himbry two student have be savagely murder . and this be how we express we compassion and sensivity ? he rip the mask off the other student . mr. himbry we throw on a mask and dance around campus just hope someone else get butcher before we get bored again . you be both expell . the ghost doth protest ... ghost # 1 aw , come on , Mr. himbry , it be just a joke . ghost # 2 yeah , that 's not fair . a deep roote hostility have take over Mr. himbry 's face . neither student budge , scared to even breathe . mr. himbry no , it 's not fair . fairness would be to rip you inside out and hang you from a tree so you can be expose for the desensitize , heartless little shit that you be . suddenly the door burst open and sidney appear , hysterical . sidney ( cry ) he 's here ... I see he ... he 's here ... Mr. himbry rush to she , arm outstretch . mr. himbry easy child . sidney collapse in he arm . ext . school STREET - minute later dewey 's patrol jeep be park in front of the school . he stand in the open driver 's door talk on the radio . sheriff burke ( from radio ) she 's okay . look like some boy be teasing she . himbry 's shutting down the school though . I want you to take look around . dewey yes , sir , sheriff . dewey shut the jeep door and head for campus when gale weather appear , she fake face aglow . gale hi! gale weather . field correspondent , inside story . dewey I know who you be , mar 'am . how 's the eye ? gale productive . so they be close down the school ? dewey well..uh... yes mar 'am . for the time be . dewey head for the school building . gale scurries along side he flirtatiously . gale and why be that ? have something happen ? dewey you be not suppose to be here , mar 'am . gale I know , I should be in New York cover the Sharon Stone stalker but who know ? please , call I gale . you look awfully young to be a police officer . dewey 's eye wander down to gale 's long leg , the way she hip move as she walk ... he 's clearly distract . dewey I be twenty - five year old , mar 'am . gale twenty - five , huh ? in a demographic study I prove to be most popular amongst male , 11 - 24 . I just miss you . of course , you do not look a day over twelve , except in the upper torso area . do the force require that you work out ? dewey look away , blush a bit . dewey no , mar 'am . because of my boyish good look , muscle mass have increase my acceptance as a serious police officer . they approach the school 's front entrance . suddenly , Mr. himbry 's voice in amplify through intercom across campus via the PA system . they stop to listen . mr. himbry ( via PA ) " you attention please . due to the recent event that have occur and until it come to a resolve - - effective immediately -- all class be suspend till further notice . the bayboro Police dept. have also ask I to announce a city wide curfew beginning at 6 o'clock pm . I repeat ... " gale speak over Mr. himbry 's voice . gale Boy , you people sure do make fuss over a serial killer . dewey serial killer be not really accurate , mar 'am . the killer have yet to strike twice . gale well , we can hope , can not we ? we certainly do not have any lead . a ghost mask , a cellular phone - - not much there . dewey we be tracking the cellular phone bill . gale really ? you small town guy be good . and have you locate sidney 's father ? dewey no , not yet . gale he 's not a suspect , be he ? dewey we have not rule out that possibil ... dewey , realize he 's say too much , clam up . dewey if you will excuse I , mar 'am . gale be I keep you ? I be sorry . dewey that 's quite alright . if I may say so , mar 'am , you be much prettier in person . dewey start up the school 's front step as the bell ring . gale so you do watch the show ? he turn to she earnestly as student come pour out the front door . dewey I just turn 25 . I be 24 for a whole year . gale you be precious . please , call I gale . she smile deliciously , give he a wink , then strut off as dewey , like a nervous little school boy watch she go . int . school corridor - second later School be clear out . the hall have begin to empty as Tatum escort sidney down the hallway . tatum it be just some sick fuck have a laugh . sidney it be he , Tatum . I know it . Tatum want to believe she but ... tatum you be not to be alone again . be that clear ? if you pee -- I pee . stu appear . stu be this not cool or what ? hey , sid , what happen ? tatum for once , stu , drop it . stu okay , but whatever you do -- the entire student body thanks you . stu move to Tatum and give she a kiss . stu and to celebrate this impromptu fall break , I propose we have a party . tonight , my house . sidney be you serious ? stu my parent be out of town . it will be like my hurricane bash last year . nothing extreme . just a few of we , hangin ' . Tatum warm to the idea . tatum this could be good . what do you think , sid ? sidney I do not know ... tatum come on . pathos have it 's perk . sidney consider try hard to be good spirite . stu remember , there 's safety in number . sidney ( give in ) yeah , okay ... whatever . stu cool . see you guy tonight . bring food . stu speed off , slide down the empty hallway . int . principal be office - later Mr. himbry sit at he desk stare at the ghost mask before he . he pick one of they up , snicker . mr. himbry damn ... he stand and move to the closet next to he office door . he pull it open to reveal a mirror hook inside the door . he try the mask on , pull it over he face , look in the mirror when ... a knock at the door stop he . he rip the mask off he head , turn to he office door and open it to reveal ... a empty doorway . he poke he head into the outer office area and look around . but no one 's there . mr. himbry yes ? hello ? the place be empty . a little suspicious he close the door , catch he reflection in the closet mirror . he look at the mask in he hand . Jesus , even he 's jumpy . two second later ... another knock at the door . himbry grab the door quickly , this time throw it open . again no one 's there . he step out into the outer office determine to catch a prankster . int . outer office - continuous completely empty . Mr. himbry move through the outer office and into the school corridor . the overhead light have be turn off and the corridor be now dark and desert . he look up and down the hall . only a janitor be see in the distance push a broom . mr. himbry Little shit . Mr. himbry return to he office . int . office - continuous himbry reenter he office , move to he desk , when he spot the closet door now close shut . this give he a pause - he have leave it open . have not he ? suddenly , he can not remember . he shift uneasy , reach for the door knob , pull the door open to reveal ... a empty closet . he stand still a moment , suddenly realize someone could easily now be stand behind the open closet door . nervously , he push it shut to reveal ... nothing . himbry shake away he jitter , realize he 's spook himself . he continue to he desk , push he office door shut when ... a ghost masked figure lunge from behind it ... knife in hand . Quick and easy . Three quick jab to the stomach and himbry go down . the ghost masked figure tower above he . ext . tatum's house - afternoon - later the late afternoon sun be quickly disappear . Tatum and sidney rock on the front porch look out into the small town neighborhood . dewey 's patrol jeep be park in the driveway . despite loud music , blaring from a inside stereo , this be a quiet moment . tatum maybe cotton weary be tell the truth . maybe he be have a affair with you mom . sidney so you think my mom be a slut too ? tatum I do not say that , sid . but you know there be rumor . you dad be always out of town on business . maybe you mom be a very unhappy woman . sidney if they be have a affair how come that cotton could not prove it in court ? tatum you can not prove a rumor . that 's why it 's a rumor . sidney created by that little tabloid twit gale weather . tatum ( delicately ) it go further back , sid . there 's be talk about other man . sidney and you believe it ? tatum well ... you can only hear that Richard gere-gerbil story so many time before you have to start believe it . a long silence as sidney agonize over all of this . she stand up and move to the edge of the porch and stare out onto the neighborhood . sidney if I be wrong cotton , then he 's still out there . tatum do not go there , sid . you be start to sound like some wes carpenter flick . do not freak yourself out -- we have get a long night ahead of we . sidney you be right . I be crack up . ignore I . tatum come on , let 's rock . sid follow Tatum inside the house never see the ghost masked figure that stand across the street , under a tree . his presence so subtle and unobtrusive you would have to see this movie a second time to know he be there all along . ext . MAIN STREET - later stu be move along main street when billy come barrel up next to he . billy how would you do ? stu piece of cake . she will be there . billy thanks , butt wart . you do good . stu so you gonna try and make up with sid ? billy duh ... that 's quick . stu I be just ask . why be you always at I ? billy because I be try to build you self - esteem . you be far too sensitive . stu oh .... billy thumb stu 's forehead . billy you ready to party hard tonight ? stu you know it . they come to a building centrally locate in the heart of Main Street . a huge , blue monstrosity that 's bigger than the local bank and post office combine . the sign in front read blockbuster . int . blockbuster - continuous you typical blockbuster -- huge and crowded . Randy , in he blockbuster get up , be busy reshelve return when stu appear -- knock the video out of he hand . stu Jesus , this place be pack . randy ( pick up video ) we have a run in the mass murder section . stu you come tonight ? randy yeah , I be off early - - curfew you know . ( look off ) now that 's poor taste . stu what ? Randy refer to billy who stand down the aisle talk to two girl . ( the twit from the bathroom perhaps . ) randy if you be the only suspect in a senseless bloodbath would you be stand in the horror section ? stu it be all a misunderstanding . he do not do anything . randy you be such a little lap dog . he 's get killer print all over he forehead . stu the why would the police let he go ? randy because , obviously they do not watch enough movie . this be standard horror movie stuff . prom night revisite . Randy move down the aisle , reshelve video . stu why would he want to kill he own girlfriend ? randy there 's always some stupid bullshit reason to kill you girlfriend . that 's the beauty of it all . simplicity . besides , if it 's too complicated you lose you target audience . stu so what 's he reason ? randy maybe sidney would not have sex with he . stu she 's save herself for you . randy could be . now that billy 's try to mutilate she , you think sid would go out with I ? stu I think she father do it . how come they can not find he ass ? randy because he 's probably dead . his body will come pop out in the last reel somewhere ... eye gauge . see , the police be always off track with this shit , if they would watch prom night they would save time . there 's formula to it . a very simple one . everyone 's always a suspect -- the father , the principal , the town derelict ... stu which be you ... randy so while they be off investigate a dead end , billy , who 's be write off as a suspect , be busy plan he next hunt expedition . billy ( o.c. ) how do we know you be not the killer ? Randy spin around to find billy right behind he . busted . randy uh...hi , billy . billy maybe you movie-freaked mind lose it 's reality button ? Randy shrug , laugh it off . randy you be absolutely right . I be the first to admit it . if this be a scary movie , I would be the prime suspect . stu and what would be you motive ? randy it 's 1995 - - motive be incidental . ext . MAIN STREET - little later dewey 's patrol jeep make it 's way down mainstreet . it 's almost dark . the street be close to desert . int . patrol jeep - continuous dewey 's behind the wheel have a heat conversation with Tatum while sid stare out the window . dewey a party ? Mom 's gonna kill you . then I . tatum do not be so self - righteous . it 's just a little blow out -- we will be perfectly safe . sid stare out the window . close sign fill the storefront , a few people rush to they car , in a hurry to beat curfew . sidney God , look at this place , it 's the town that dread sundown . dewey hey , I see that movie . true story , ' bout some killer in Texas . tatum hey , sid . just think if they make a movie about you . who 's gonna play you ? sidney oh , god ... dewey come to a stop , parking the car in front of the police station . he look to sid with a brotherly smile . dewey I see you as a young meg Ryan myself . sidney thanks , dewey . but with my luck they would cast Tori spell . ext . patrol jeep - continuous they pile out of the jeep . dewey head for the station . dewey I will just be a few minute . do not go far . the girl take off for the local supermarket that sit across the street . sidney be billy go to be there tonight ? tatum he better not be . I tell stu to keep he mouth shut . I think we can live without everybody's all american for one night . they approach the grocery store . small and simple . sid and Tatum grab a shopping cart from the bin and enter the store , push the cart through two slide glass door . a lone checkout lady behind the counter , big and frumpy , look up from count money . check out lady you girl gonna have to hurry it up . we be under curfew . tatum two minute top . they make a bee-line for the junk food section just as the automated door slide shut behind they and a ... ghost masked figure appear , out of nowhere , stand just outside , watch , quietly through the glass store window . ext . police station - sheriff' office sheriff burke 's face heat up as deputy riley march in , hurriedly . sheriff burke dewey ! where the hell you be , boy ? dewey keeping my eye on sidney . sheriff burke listen up , dewey , because it 's bad . Real bad . aircomp just fax we . the call be list to Neil Prescott -- sidney 's father . he make the call with he cellular phone . it 's confirm . dewey could not he cellular number have be clone ? sheriff burke there 's more . guess what tomorrow be ? the anniversary of he wife 's death . it all fit . he 's we man . dewey have you contact the bureau ? sheriff burke they believe he 's out of state by now . we will keep roadblock and curfew in effect through the night . if he 's not pick up by morning -- we will do a house to house . dewey you think he could still be in town ? sheriff burke he would have to be crazy . where 's sidney ? dewey she 's with my sister . should I bring she in ? sheriff burke hold off for now . just stay close to she . dewey she will be with she friend over at stu Maker 's tonight . sheriff burke watch she . do not let on -- just keep you eye out . dewey yes , sir . int . supermarket - few minute later sidney and Tatum push a basket through the junk food section . the store be completely empty . the girl gab freely . sidney billy 's right . whenever he touch I , I just can not relax . tatum you have a few intimacy issue as a result of you mother 's untimely death . it 's no big deal . you will thaw out . sidney but he 's be so patient with I , Tatum . you know , with all the sex stuff . how many guy would put up with a girlfriend who 's sexually anorexic ? tatum billy and he penis do not deserve you . sidney grab some chip and salsa from the shelf . down the aisle , through the storefront window the ghost masked figure still stand watch they every move . ext . supermarket sid push the cart out of the glass door with Tatum riding it . the ghost masked figure be nowhere to be find . sidney what do you think about when you be have sex ? tatum with stu , there 's little time to stop and reflect . but sometimes before , to relax and get in the mood , I think about grant goodeve . sid push the cart and Tatum across the street . sidney who ? tatum grant goodeve -- the oldest brother on EIGHT be enough . remember that show ? he be the one who live off alone . he would come around every now and then with he guitar and sing " eight be enough to fill we life with love ... " he have all this brain dead sister and that idiot brother from charle in charge . God , I be in love with grant , he be so hot . the show come on every day after school right during my puberty year . grant goodeve be very instrumental in my mature as a woman . sidney how do that get you in the mood with stu ? tatum during foreplay , I sing the theme song to myself . " eight be enough to fill we life with love ... " it 's a real turn on . sidney no way . tatum grant write the song himself . I be convinced the lyric have a secret meaning , " eight be enough ... " sid push the cart up to dewey 's jeep . Tatum hop off . sidney what secret meaning ? like a satanical thing ? tatum watch the show , sid . his basket be bigger than the one you be push . sidney tatum ! tatum oh , sidney . what ? a guy can talk tit till he 's dead but the minute you mention a eight inch weenie . watch out . sidney stop just short of a laugh . Tatum pull the back jeep door , load the grocery in . behind she , the ghost masked figure appear , just out of they sight , behind the jeep 's open back door . tatum there 's that sense of humor . I know it still exist . ohh , sid , let 's have some fun tonight . sidney deal . sidney move to the back door and close it shut , when from behind ... dewey stand . sid jump , startle . dewey you girl ready . sidney yeah . dewey look like I be you personal bodyguard tonight , sid . tatum no , dewey . you will ruin the whole night . dewey sorry , police order . I will stay out of the way , I promise . tatum shit . Tatum kick the shopping cart out of the way , blindly . it roll down the road by itself , gain speed on a decline run smack into the ghost masked figure who stop the cart cold with one hand . ext . country road - night dewey 's jeep make it 's way down a long , wind road . headlights illuminate the thick wood that line each side . follow behind they at a discreet distance be a huge white newsvan . dewey come to the end of the road . it dead end at ... stu' house which sit alone in a clear , big and ominous with no neighbor in sight . a huge old home just ripe for a night of fun and ... terror . from the look of thing the party have already start . Music be blaring . a few kide hang on the porch . int . live room - minute later a big room with kide sprinkle throughout - smoking , drink , cut up . a stereo blast music while the tv air around the clock killer coverage . Tatum and sid enter with grocery . various friend greet they . tatum caterer 's here . the girl carry bag through a hallway that open up onto a enormous kitchen . stu and some guy be lean over the sink drink beer through a funnel . tatum that 's mature . stu where you guy be ? we have to start without you . ext . stu' house - road the newsvan pull up and park unobtrusively on the side of the road a few foot down from the front yard . int . newsvan Kenny and gale move around inside the van . Kenny hover over a control panel complete with video monitor . kenny what 's the plan ? gale prep the compact , we will hide it in a window and tape all of tonight 's festivity . Kenny pick up a compact video camera the size of he fist . he check its battery pack . kenny the control board 's glitch . you know we can not carry a live picture . gale what 's the delay ? kenny about thirty second . gale as long as it record I do not give a shit . we be not do a remote . gale slide open the side door and step out into the darkness , not see the figure that stand behind she . a hand grab she shoulder , gale 's heart stop as she spin around to find ... dewey , smile , extremely pleased to see she . dewey even , mar 'am . gale deputy ... good evening . dewey what bring you out to this part ? gale you never know when or where a story will break . dewey not much story here . just a bunch of kid cut loose . gale then what be you do here ? dewey keeping a eye on thing . check the place out . gale mind if I join you ? dewey consider for a whole two second . dewey not at all . gale lean in the van , grab the camera from Kenny 's hand , and throw it in she bag . she give Kenny a wink . int . kitchen close on a microwave . popcorn pop inside . camera widen to reveal ... sid , stu , and Tatum move about the kitchen , prepare a junk food feast . other teens pop in and out . Randy appear amongst they . he carry a armful of video . randy I think we would make it a blockbuster night . he let the video splatter across the kitchen counter . stu and Tatum dive in . stu I think everything be check out . randy I have them hide in the foreign section . sidney peruse the video . sidney the fog , terror train , prom night -- how come Jamie Lee curtis be in all this movie ? randy she 's the scream Queen . stu with that set of lung -- she should be . tatum ( to sid ) tit --see . int . live room - few minute later the party be go strong . ten maybe fifteen people stand , sit , lean . some crowd around the floor in front of the television . Randy be take a vote . randy how many evil dead 's? ( hand go up ) how many hellraiser be ? hand go up . bickering ad - lib , etc . the doorbell ring . stu go for it . stu I get it . Tatum get I a beer . they be in the fridge in the garage . tatum what be I ? the beer wench ? stu ( o.c. ) hey , guess who 's here ? it 's that chick from inside story ? they look up the hallway to see dewey and gale stand in the foyer . tatum shit , dewey ! everyone perk up , eyeing gale . tatum what be she do here ? dewey she 's with I . I just want to check on thing . the guy in the room be drool over gale . include stu. tatum so you do -- now leave ... and take you media muff with you . Tatum take off for the kitchen . gale have quickly become the focus of the party . all eye be on she . some teen I watch you show regularly . stu this must be big news to be on inside story . gale huge . another teen wanna interview we ? randy we could be like two grief stricken student and we will say really nice thing about we good friend who be slaughter senselessly . stu I can cry on cue . gale eye the bookshelf above the television . gale maybe later ? suddenly , gale start to cough . gale can I trouble you for some water ? stu how ' bout a beer ? Randy -- get the lady a beer . randy you get it . gale slip the camera from she bag--hit the on switch and hold it behind she ... wait for the right moment . back in foyer sidney have they find my father ? dewey afraid not . sidney should I be worried ? dewey not yet . int . kitchen Tatum be alone in the kitchen . she empty popcorn into a bowl , then pull open the refrigerator ... look quickly , then remember ... she move through the adjoin laundry room to the ... int . garage the kitchen door open and light flood the darken garage . Tatum stand in the doorway search for a light switch . she find a button and hit it . brrrrmmm ! the electric garage door start to rise . wrong switch . she hit it again and it close . she find another switch . click . a small lightbulb overhead come on , barely lighting the large two car garage , leave pocket of shadow along the wall . Tatum spot the refrigerator against a far wall and head for it , not see the kitchen door , quietly , slowly , close behind she , sealing she off from the rest of the house . Tatum stumble to the refrigerator and throw it open . its light cast a glow across she face . crash-boom ! Tatum jump , spin around just in time to see a cat escape through a large pet door that 's build into the garage door . she smile at she jumpiness . Tatum load up with as many beer as she hand will carry and head back to the kitchen . at the kitchen door , she juggle the beer , reach for the knob . it 's lock . tatum shit ! she kick it with she foot several time . tatum hey , shithead ! a moment . no answer . tatum oh , shit piss ! Tatum lean over and , with she elbow , hit the garage door button . brrrmm ! it begin to rise . she move towards the rise door , beer in hand . suddenly , crr - brrrm ! the garage door reset , reversing direction , move down , close . tatum what the ... Tatum spin around to see .. a ghost masked figure silhouett in the dark , next to the kitchen door , he hand on the switch . Tatum at once gasp , take back , but then relax . tatum be that you , Randy ? cute . the figure stare at she , blankly . tatum and what movie be this from ? I spit on you garage . Tatum take a step towards the figure . tatum lose the mask . if sidney see it , she will flip . the figure shake he head slowly from side to side . tatum oh , you wanna play psycho killer ? the figure slowly nod . tatum can I be the helpless victim ? the figure slowly nod again . tatum okay , let 's see . " no , please do not kill I , Mr. ghostface . I want to be in the sequel . " Tatum take a step to move around the figure , but he step too , block she . tatum cut , casper . that 's a wrap . Tatum move again , sidestepping the figure , but he 's faster and cut she off . Tatum juggle the beer against she chest with one hand and with the other push the figure hard , knock he aside . tatum Randy -- will you stop ? but as the figure intercept , lung forward , grab she wrist hard , Tatum stumble ... beer can hit the floor , spew ... tatum you little shit . Tatum yank hard , release he hold when a flash of silver catch she eye . she look down , glimpsing a long sharp blade as it dart forward , cut into she forearm ... Tatum pull back , horrify , as the moment turn deadly serious . the figure advance on she -- knife out , ready . she stagger backwards , hold she bloody arm , back into the refrigerator , scream . tatum who be you ? the figure lash out with the knife . Tatum dodge it , leaping back against the fridge . the figure advance . instinctively , she rip the top freezer door open , bashing the figure in the face , send he backwards , reeling . Tatum bolt to the ... close garage door . in a panic , she beat and pull on it , try to make it lift . she eye the figure ... he 's recover ... she go for the pet door , drop to the floor , diving for it ... she wedge she upper body through , she head , shoulder , torso just as the ... figure pounce , grab hold of she foot . Tatum go crazy scream and kicking try to get through . ext . garage door Tatum be half in / half out of the pet door . she beat and jerk wildly , unable to see the figure on the other side ... a true fighter , Tatum kick hard , make direct contact with the figure , knock he away . she take the moment to pull herself through further ... but she stop ... stick . she pull and tug but can not move . she listen but hear nothing . where do he go ? a agonizing silence . and then ... crr-brrrm ! the garage door be activate . it begin to rise upward , take Tatum with it . she scream madly . tatum noooooooo ..... Tatum 's arm and leg fly about violently as she try to free herself from the door , but it move too fast , carry she up ... she look above to see where the door roll back into garage rafter just as she neck hit the first beam , snapping instantly . int . foyer - minute later it 's get late and some kide leave through the front door , mutter , " parent and curfew " , etc . the door hang open wide . sid move to close it when .... billy appear in a classic fake scare . sidney billy ? Jesus , you scared I . stu appear . stu ( with a wink ) dude . what be you do here ? billy I be hope sid and I could talk . sidney if Tatum see you -- she will draw blood . stu you guy can go up to my parent room ? to talk and ... whatever . billy subtlety , stu. look it up . sidney it 's okay . we need to talk . sid grab he hand and lead he up the staircase . Randy appear from the kitchen just in time to see sid and billy disappear upstairs . randy what 's leatherface do here ? stu he come to make up . randy there go my chance with sid . stu like you have one . int . newsvan Kenny fidget at the control board . he hit a coupla button , bang the side of the monitor and a picture emerge ... the live room . the camera be position just above the television ... on screen the party be in full swing . several teens sit right in front of the television . because of the camera 's position they appear to be stare right into the lens . suddenly , the van 's side door slide open and gale pop in . kenny get a picture . perfect placement . we can see everything . gale be ecstatic . gale tell I , Kenny , have a cheesy tabloid journalist ever win the pulitzer ? int . bedroom a large , master bedroom with glass door that lead out onto a balcony . sid and billy stare at each other for a long moment . awkward . sidney so ... billy so ... I be sorry . I have be a selfish shit and I be sorry . sidney no , billy . I be the one who 's be selfish and self - absorb with all of my post traumatic stress . billy you lose you mom ... sidney but you be right -- enough be enough . I can not wallow in the grief process forever and I can not keep lie to myself about who my mom be . billy bow he head quietly , knowingly . sidney I think in some weird analytical , psychological bullshit way I be scared I be gonna turn out just like she , you know ? like the bad seed or something ... billy oh sidney ... sidney everytime I get close to you I see my mom . I know it do not make sense . billy sure it do . it 's like jodie Foster in silence of the lamb when she keep have flashback of she dead father . sidney but this be life . this be not a movie . billy sure it be , sid . it 's all a movie . life 's one great big movie . only you can not pick you genre . billy move to she . they embrace , tenderly . sidney I wanna let go . I do ... billy ssshh ... everything 's gonna be okay . I promise . sidney take the initiative , act on impulse , kissing he long and hard . she break away passionately , out of breath . sidney why can not I be a meg Ryan movie ? billy nibble she neck . billy sshh .. it 's okay . sidney or even a good porno . billy ( shocked ) what ? she stare at he , she eye sexually charge . sidney you hear I . billy ( incredulous ) be you serious ? sidney ( surprising herself ) yeah ... I think so . they smile at each other . int . live room - minute later the camera sit on the book shelf lodge between two knickknack , completely inconspicuous . the camera widen to reveal several teens watch the tv -- the horror diehard . teen # 1 look , here it come . splat ! teen # 2 the blood 's not the right color . why do they do that ? it 's too red . randy here come another ... teen # 3 predictable . knew he be go to bite it . bore teen how can you watch this shit over and over ? randy shhhhh . stu I wanna see Jamie Lee 's breast . when do we see Jamie Lee 's breast ? randy not until trading place in ' 83 . Jamie Lee be always the virgin in horror movie . she do not show she tit until she go legit . boy teen no way . randy that 's why she always live . only virgin can outsmart the killer in the big chase scene in the end . do not you know the rule ? stu finish he beer . stu what rule ? Randy hit the pause button on the remote and stand in front of the television , explain . randy there be certain rule that one must abide by in order to successfully survive a horror movie . for instance : 1 . you can never have sex . the minute you get a little nookie - - you be as good as go . sex always equal death . 2 . never drink or do drug . the sin factor . it 's a extension of number one . and 3 . never , ever , ever , under any circumstance , say " I will be right back . " stu wanna another beer ? randy yeah . stu I will be right back . everybody " ooohhh " . randy there he go folk -- a dead man . Wave bye-bye . int . newsvan - continuous gale and Kenny watch the monitor . the party be clear out some a rap at the van door . gale pull it open to see deputy riley stand , he face all smile . dewey sheriff just radioe I . I be gonna check out a possible lead . think you might like to join I . gale what kind of lead ? dewey a car be spot in the bush a little way up the road . gale I would love to . if you be sure it 's alright ? dewey ma'am , I be the deputy of this town . gale can I bring Kenny ? dewey ( too quickly ) no ! I mean ... I should probably take just you . gale step out of the van turn back to Kenny . gale I will be back . she slide the van door close . ext . road - continuous gale head for dewey 's patrol jeep . dewey actually , I think we could walk . it 's not far . gale appear skeptical , but smile anyway . she 's genuinely smitten by this young guy . int . live room - continuous scary music fill the room . the party be reduce to the diehard in front of the television . randy ( point to tv ) look , here come the obligatory tit shot . other guy beautiful ! finally ! int . bedroom - continuous billy and sidney be go at it ... passionately . he have he head bury in she neck . sidney ( to herself ) " eight be enough to fill we life with love ... " it 's work . sidney push billy off she as she pull she shirt over she head . she fumble with the clasp of she bra as the ... camera rush in on she breast . just as sid 's bra strap slide of she shoulder ... billy move in front of the camera , pull he jeans off , block sidney from view . int . live room - second later back in the live room , the horror fest continue when the phone ring . everyone ignore it . it ring again . finally , Randy grab the receiver from the side table . randy hello ? yeah .... holy shit . Randy , freak , drop the phone , find the tv remote and pause the movie , the other protest " hey , put be back ... " etc . randy listen up . they find principal himbry dead . he be gut and hang from the goal post on the football field . this still the room . complete silence as the news sink in . on different face ... a moment of devastation .. disbelief . and then : teen # 1 so what be we wait for ? teen # 2 let 's get over there before they pry he down . and in second the room be empty as everyone bolt for the door .. hootin ' and hollerin ' ... leave Randy , near drunk , alone in the live room . he return to the movie . randy we be just get to the good part . int . newsvan - minute later Kenny be barely watch the monitor , he reach boredom some time ago . he find a bag of cheeto and chow down when he hear scream from outside . he peer out the window to see the last of the party kide pile into two car and race off down the road . he chew a cheeto slowly , he interest pique . int . bedroom - minute later the sex be over ... and both sid and billy be dress respectively . that post - sex awkwardness . sid brushes out she hair as she eye come to rest on the telephone on the nightstand ... it puzzle she as a stark reveleation cross she face . she turn to billy who sit on the floor , put on he shoe . sidney who do you call ? billy what ? sidney when you be arrest - you be allow one phone call ? who do you call ? billy I call my dad . sidney no , sheriff burke call you dad . I see he . billy yeah ... and when I call no one answer . sidney uh-huh . billy you do not still think it be I ? sidney no , but if it be you , that would have be a very clever way to throw I off track . use you one phone call to call I so I would not think it be you . billy stand up . billy what do I have to do to prove to you I be not a killer ? he make a move toward she when .. from behind , in a split instant , from the open balcony door come ... the ghost figure sidney see the figure immedietely , scream . billy try to calm she , oblivious to the advance ghost . sidney billywatchout !!!! billy barely turn as a long steely blade rise high in the air . it strike down with force ... hit he chest as blood spray the air . on sidney as red crimson splatter across she face ... as the knife be thrust in and out of billy who try hard to put up a fight .. but it 's useless ... he never have a chance . his body fall to the floor .. lifeless . angle on ghost as he watch billy 's body come to a still before quietly , calmly turn he attention to ... sidney who stand , numb ... scared to death . and only when the ghost take a step forward do sidney break . she take off like a rocket ... leaping over the bed and out the door . int . hallway - continuous sidney tear out the door and down the hall , coat in billy 's blood . angle on the ghost as he catch up with she , grab hold of she collar . she pull away from he ... she shirt rip down the back . her hand find a door knob and she go for it , pull the door open ... move quickly inside ... lock it behind she . int . dark space - continuous total darkness . sidney 's hand scour the wall for a light switch . the doorknob turn ... the lock hold .. as the door be nearly shaken from it 's hinge ... and then ... nothing . all go silent . only sidney 's rapid breathing fill the space around she . sidney , tremble , shaking , reach above she , feel , until she find a string . she pull it ... as a lightbulb switch on overhead . she 's in a small box of a room . the door be on one side , a small , narrow staircase on the other . she eye the doorknob , then the staircase ... contemplate ... but it 's a easy decision . there 's no fuck way she 's go up to the attic . she unlock the door and push on it . but it will not give ... she push on it again . it 's lock from the other side . shit . she turn to the staircase . ext . dark road - continuous a long , desert country road . in the distance , a single flashlight beam ahead , the only light in the black night . gale and dewey can be hear . gale so be dewey you real name ? dewey dwight . dewey be something I get stick with a long time ago . gale I like it . it 's ... sexy . dewey Nah ... it 's just this town 's way of not take I serious . gale what about gale weather ? I sound like a meteorologist ... close on gale and dewey , walk closely , side by side - flirtatiously . gale be surprisingly nervous . gale people treat I like the Antichrist of television journalism . dewey I do not think you be so bad . gale smile . gale be all the local boy as sweet as you ? dewey blushes . he start to say something when headlight appear behind they . they both spin as two car load with kide come racing right at they . dewey grab gale and push she off the road ... just as the car speed by , oblivious to they . in the ditch gale land face up with dewey right on top of she . he steal a glance in she eye before roll off she . dewey you okay ? something take gale 's attention . gale what 's that ? dewey look to where gale point . he find the flashlight and aim it into the bush . the tail end of a car be just visible . dewey look like a car . dewey help she up and they move to it . he shine the flashlight on the plate but it 's already obvious to the camera . this be the same car we last see sidney 's father drive away in . dewey shit. it 's Neil Prescott 's car . gale sidney 's father ? dewey we gotta get back . Jesus . he 's here . what the fuck be he do here ? dewey be panicked . he grab gale and they race off down the road . int . live room - continuous Randy continue to watch tv . he be now sloppy drunk , completely involved in the movie on the screen . scary music swell , fill the room . randy ( to tv ) no , Jamie . look behind you ! watch out ! behind you ! and if he follow he own advice , he would see the ghost masked figure that stand directly behind he ... knife poise . int . newsvan - continuous Kenny finish off a soda and crush the can in he hand . he toss it to the floor when a movement from the monitor catch he eye . on the monitor be Randy , still on the couch , engross in the movie . directly behind he ... the ghost . Kenny do a double - take . no fuck way . he watch as the ghost stand still , unmove , knife raise . kenny jesus ... fuck ... the ghost take a silent step forward . kenny ( scream at the monitor ) behind you ! look behind you ! this kid need help . Kenny bolt out of he seat and go for the side door . he slide it open and stick he head out as ... a long , sharp blade come at Kenny , fast and furious ... slice into he throat . Kenny fall forward ... out the door as the ghost masked figure be upon he . the camera pan to the monitor just in time to see the ghost masked figure turn away from Randy , leave he unharme , move instead , out the front door , on a thirty second walk to the newsvan . int . attic - continuous the attic be long and narrow ... cluttere with furniture , box , and the like ... moonlight filter in through a small raise window on the front wall of the house . sidney move through the attic ... bumping into this , knocking over that ... she pass a dusty mirror , jump at she own reflection . she cringe at she image , drench in billy 's blood . she stare long and hard ... something about the blood , the redness of it . she move on , determine . she eye the raise window above she ... a way out ... if she could only reach it ... ext . front yard gale and dewey come run up the drive , frantic . dewey I will call for backup . gale I will get my camera . they split up . the camera follows gale as she rush to the newsvan , throw open the door . gale Kenny ! camera ! Quick ! the van be empty . gale Kenny ? a car horn go off . gale spin around . it come from the patrol jeep in the driveway . gale ( call out ) dewey ? she move across the yard to the jeep , the door hang open ... dewey be nowhere to be find . gale dewey ? where be you ? a look of pure dread come over gale . int . attic - continuous sidney have stack object after object building a ladder to the window . she climb to the top , hold onto the window frame . she spot gale almost immedietely . she scream out , look for the window latch . but there 's not one . it do not open . sidney start beat on it ... try to break it ... ext . front door - continuous gale , hang tough , approach the front door , unable to hear sidney 's scream three floor up . gale reach for the door just as she hear loud , horrible shriek from just inside . she back away . int . live room - continuous a ear -curdling jamie lee curtis scream blast through the empty live room as the horror movie on tv come to it 's horrifying climax . Randy be now go . ext . front yard - continuous gale race across the yard put distance between she and the house . she move back to the van ... int . attic - continuous sidney have find a old tennis racket . she swing a solid forehand at the window . the window sprays glass sidney move quickly , lift herself up over break glass and pull herself through the window frame . ext . side of the house sidney waste no time . she look for gale , scream , but gale be go . sid lower herself down the ledge , slide down a slope portion of the roof onto ... the master' bedroom balcony . then she ease herself over the railing and lower herself , let herself hang as low as she can ... then she let go , free - fall the rest of the way ... but in a split instant ... the ghost appear grab she wrist in midair . her body hang , dangle against the side of the house . the ghost begin to lift she , pull she back onto the balcony . sidney jerk , pull , twist ... but the hand have she , hoist she up ... sidney scream madly ... yanking one last time , freeing herself . she drop to the ground , a good seven foot , landing on she back , hit hard . she grab at a pain leg and bring herself upright . int . newsvan - continuous gale be frantic . she start the engine up and hit the headlight when she discover she can not see out of the windshield . gale rub at the glass . sure enough , something be on the windshield outside , block she sight . gale hit the wiper as blood smear across the glass , it drip down from above . gale scream as a hand reach in through the open window ... she look up to see ... randy , stare at she madly . randy what 's go on ? a sheer moment of fear as gale hit the gas plummete the car forward , into a ditch . she hit the brake . Randy be throw forward , away from the van . gale reverse , back up , hit the brake again ... just as Kenny 's face come slide down the outside of the windshield ... eye wide , face distort , blood everywhere . gale hit the gas , and yank the wheel , send Kenny 's corpse fly off the top of the van . gale spin the van around , onto the road , hit the gas madly , gain speed just as ... sidney appear in the middle of the road , drench in blood , very much resembling a young sissy spacek . gale swerve to miss she , but she turn too sharp and the van veer off the road at top speed ... flipping over on its side , slide off into the thick foliage . ext . road - continuous sidney race to where the van lay on it 's side . sidney peer through the windshield ... gale 's body lay limp and bloody . sidney cry out , turn , limping to the driveway . she see the patrol jeep with it 's open door ... she go for it . int . jeep sidney hop in , reach for the ignition ... no keys ! shit. just then , sidney 's eye go to the front porch . she watch as the front door open and a figure appear in the darkness , undetectable . sidney throw the headlight ... illuminate the front side of the house , revealing ... dewey stand in the doorway . sidney dewey ! sidney open the jeep door , move to he , notice he body , slump , knee buckle ... and then he body fall forward , slowly , deliberately , hit the porch hard . stand behind he be ... the ghost sidney scream from the bottom of her soul . sidney noooooooo !!!!! sid jump back inside the jeep , close the door , lock it . she reach over and lock the passenger 's door and then she ... wait . and watch as the ghost lean over dewey 's still body , fumble with something . then the figure stand upright , in he hand he hold ... the keys they jingle in the wind , the ghost toy with she , enjoy this ... sidney , hysterical , lock eye with the figure as he move to the door , sidney leap on it , hold the lock button down , make it impossible to unlock . her face be press against the glass ... inch from the masked figure . she use every ounce of strength when suddenly , the ghost disappear , drop down , below the window , out of she view . sidney move to the center of the jeep , try hard to listen over she own rapid breathing , every sound amplified . then she hear it , the soft jingling of key near the passenger side door . she pounce on the lock , hold it down . a shadow cut the beam of the headlight , unseen by sidney . the lock turn on the other side . sidney leap over and hold it down , secure it . this be beyond nerve-rack . sidney be certifiable . her eye spot the police radio for the first time . she grab the mouthpiece and hit the switch . sidney help ! please ! I be at stu Maker 's house on Turner Lane . please , he's gonna kill I ! ext . front of jeep angle through front windshield . sidney ranting into the police band . she do not see the ... ghost figure open the tailgate door of the jeep and slowly crawl in behind she . the ghost figure reach out and grab hold of sidney 's neck . sidney , with surprising strength , spin around and attack the ghost . she fall back against the dash , leg out , kick wildly at he . her hand reach for the door , find the lock , the door lever , she pull ... the door swing open ... sidney fall out of the door , hit the ground . ext . front yard - continuous sidney , on she stomach , squirm away from the jeep . she bring herself up to she hand and knee , look behind she to see nothing ... the ghost have disappeared . sidney 's eye roam the yard but he 's nowhere . completely go . vanish . sid crawl to the front porch where ... dewey' body lay think quickly , precisely , she reach to dewey 's holster and grab he gun when a voice echo be behind she ... voice ( o.c. ) sidney ! she turn to see Randy racing to she , limping . he appear stone cold sober . randy Jesus , sid . we gotta get out of here . sidney throw the gun forward . sidney stop . right there . randy do not shoot . it 's I . sidney do not come any closer . randy listen to I , sid . I find Tatum . she 's dead , she 's be kill ... I think stu do it . he take a step forward when another voice speak up . voice ( o.c. ) do not believe he , sid . sidney spin around to see stu move up the walk . stu he 's lie . he kill Tatum . and billy . stu move closer to sidney . sidney stay away . she aim the gun in he direction . stu his movie nut mind have snap , sid . he 's go psycho . randy do not listen to he . it 's he . he 's the one . sidney have lose it , she do not know who to trust . she aim the gun at stu..then Randy ..then stu ... stu come on , sid . give I the gun . randy no , sid . they both move toward she . there 's no time . she must act now . finally ... sidney fuck you both . and with that , sidney step back into the house and slam the front door shut . int . live room / foyer sid lock and bolt the door . from the other side she can hear Randy scream . randy no , sid . OPEN up . please ... he's gone crazy . his fist pound against the door . sidney , stumbling in the darkness , rush to the phone in the live room . just as she reach for it ... it ring . it scare the life out of she . she scream , yanking it up . sidney please ! God ! help I ! voice ( from the phone ) have fun sidney ? sidney fall apart , scream . sidney nooooooooo !!! she throw the phone down , disconnect the call . sid move back to the door . randy'' scream be maddening . she eye the lock , deliberate . sidney ( at the door ) goawayleavemealone ! clunk ! a noise upstair . sidney look up the staircase , into the darkness , she face shocked to see ... billy emerge from the shadow , stumbling down the stair . very much alive . sidney oh god. billy ! he 's blood - soak and daze . sidney meet he in the landing , grab he , hold he ... sidney I think you be ... billy I be alright . gotta...get ... help . billy go for the door . sidney he 's out there . Randy continue pounding on the door , scream at the top of he lung . randy ( through door ) please , you gotta let I in . he 's gonna kill I . billy go for the door . sidney block he . sidney no ! do not believe he . billy it 's okay . give I the gun . sidney hand he the gun . billy turn and unlock the door , open it . Randy rush in , grab billy , plead ... randy help I ... billy ( calming he ) shhhh . it 's okay . randy stu 's flip out . he 's go mad . slowly , a small smile creep across billy 's face . billy " we all go a little mad sometimes . " Randy squint , confuse , as billy aim the gun at Randy and pull the trigger . the blast throw Randy 's body against the wall before slide to a heap on the floor ... still . billy Anthony Perkins --psycho billy turn to sidney ... who stand only foot away , face aghast ... fuck , no ... this can not be happen . billy 's eye be on she , unmove . he stick he tongue out and slowly lick the blood dry to he face ... taste it . billy corn syrup . same stuff they use for pig 's blood in carrie . sidney be dumbfounded . slowly , she take a step back , move into the dark refine of the kitchen . billy , lurch forward in a fake - out , bait she . she take another step back -- petrify . close on billy face . it be no longer familiar to sidney . there be something inhuman now about he feature . his expression be pure evil . she take another step back , shrink into the dark kitchen . the camera take a moment to adjust to the darkness as the outline of a figure appear ... stand right behind sidney . she continue to back up , move right into the arm of ... stu sidney spin around ... she mouth open in speechless horror . sidney stu...please ... help I ... stu stare back at she , eye wide , lip curl in a subtle smile as he hold a small compact cellular phone up to he face . stu ( whisper into phone ) surprise , sidney . his voice sound affect now ... the voice of the killer . sidney look back to billy , then to stu , then to billy again . it become all too clear . she stand between they , she mind racing , calculate ... she bolt into the live room if for no other reason than to put space between she and they ... they stand in the entryway , trapping she in . billy where ya go ? it 's not over yet . we have get one more surprise -- stu , I believe it 's you turn . stu oh yeah stu disappear into the kitchen . billy ( to sidney ) what 's wrong ? you look like you have see a ghost . sidney stand , try hard to hold a calm resolve . a noise come from the kitchen . a low drag sound . stu reappear from the front hall ... wrestle with something ... someone ... close on stu ... he have a body in tow , he thrust it forward and it roll into the live room . sidney look down to find ... her father bound and gag . his eye wide in fear , very much alive . sidney daddy ! she start for he . billy Close enough . stu place the cellular phone in Mr. Prescott 's shirt pocket . stu guess , I will not be need this anymore . sidney why be you do this ? stu it 's all part of the game . billy it 's call guess how i'm go to die ! sidney fuck you . billy we already play that game . you lose , remember ? stu you have to play , sid . do not want to disappoint you dad . he 's be wait around all night . billy it 's a easy game . we ask you a question . if you get it wrong - - you die . stu and if you get it right -- you die . sidney you be crazy -- both of you . stu the official term be " psychotic " . sidney you will never get away with this . billy tell that to cotton weary . you would not believe how easy it be to frame he . stu yeah , we just watch a few movie . take a few note . it be fun . billy and stu relish they madness , proud of themselves . sidney look to she dad , see the tear in he eye . she look back to billy , unflinch ..a determine look on she face . sidney why do you kill my mother ? billy why ? why ? do you hear that , stu ? I think she want a motive . hmmm ... I do not really believe in motive , sid . I mean , do norman bate have a motive ? stu play along , shaking he head . stu nope . billy and do they really ever explain why hannibal lecter like to eat people ? do not think so . you see , it 's scarier when there 's no motive , sid . sidney ( fight tear ) I do not understand ... billy we do you mom a favor , sid . the woman be a slut bag whore who flashed she shit all over town like she be Sharon Stone or something . stu ( laugh ) .. so we put she out of she misery . I mean , let 's face it , you mom be no Sharon Stone . stu crack up over this while billy turn very serious . billy be that motive enough for you ? or how about this ? do you know you slut mother be sleep with my dad and she 's the reason my mom move out and desert I . a sudden silence . sidney be rigid with shock , he word resonant with truth . sidney what ? even stu be surprised with he seriousness . billy think about it . on the off chance I get catch -a motive like that could divide a jury for year , do not you think ?. you take my mother , so I take yours . Big sympathy factor . maternal abandonment cause serious deviant behavior . it certainly fuck you up . it make you have sex with a psychopath . stu that 's right and now that you be no longer a virgin . you gotta die -- that be the rule . billy sit the gun down on the table near the foyer . and then move to sidney with the butcher knife in hand . billy pretend this be all just a scary movie , sid . how do you think it 's go to end ? sidney do not respond . stu ( excited ) this be the best part , sid . billy 's get it all figure out . why do you think we keep you father alive so long ? why do we save you for last ? billy you know what time it be , sid ? it 's after midnight . it 's you mother 's anniversary . we kill she exactly one year ago today . billy turn to stu with the knife . they eye each other . billy ready ? stu yeah ... billy pull the knife back and bring it forward quickly , slice into stu . he stumble to ho he knee , wincing in pain . stu Jesus ... sidney scream ... as blood gush .. real blood , a dark , deep red . stu inspect the wound to he side ... then he smile ... stu good one . my turn . he take the knife from billy . billy do not forget - stay to the side and do not go too deep . stu stab at billy 's belly , puncture he ... billy double over ... billy Jesus ... fuck , that hurt . sidney stop it ! billy ( squelching the pain ) get the end figure out yet ? time 's run out . stu come on , sid . think about it . you father be the chief suspect . we clone he cellular . the evidence be there . billy take the knife and slashes at stu 's arm , two quick cut ... he double over ... billy what if you father snap ? you mom 's anniversary set he off and he go on a murder spree , kill everyone ... stu ( in major pain ) except for I and billy ... we be leave for dead ... billy and then he kill you and then shoot himself in the head . it 's a perfect end . stu everyone die but we . we get to carry on and plan the sequel . let 's face it , this day -- you gotta have a sequel . stu take the knife and cut at billy . sidney you sick fuck -- you have see one too many movie . billy look at she , bent over , craze . billy oh sid , do not blame the movie ... movie do not create psychos . movie just make psychos more creative . stu stagger a bit . stu that 's it , billy . I can not take any more . I be feel woozy . billy get the gun . I will untie pop . billy move to sidney 's father . stu where would you put it ? stu be search the foyer for the gun . billy it 's on the table . stu no , it 's not . billy hobble over . the gun be go . billy where the fuck be it ? voice ( off camera ) right here , asshole . billy and stu look up in unison to see ... gale weathers-correspondent from inside story stand in the front door way , gun in hand . her body tatter and bloody . her hair a mess . billy I think she be dead . stu she look dead . still do . gale hold the gun firm , in total control . gale I have get a end for you . the reporter leave for dead in the newsvan come to , stumble upon you two dipshit , find the gun , fumble you plan , and save the day . sidney step forward . sidney I like that end . billy lunge at gale , but she hold steady . billy and stu eye each other . billy she can not get both of we . stu odd be -- she will miss anyway . in a mad rush , they storm gale , head straight at she . she pull the trigger , but nothing happen ... the safety be on . billy charge forward , grab hold of the front door , slamming it shut . it catch gale in the face , knock she backwards out the door . she go down ...out . stu cool move . billy step out the front door and retrieve the gun from where gale lay . then he turn back inside the house to find ... sidney gone . billy where would she go ? stu look around , staggering now , bleed heavily ... sidney have completely disappear . only she father , bound and gag remain in the live . stu I do not know billy but I be hurtin' . billy where the fuck do she go ? suddenly , the phone ring . billy and stu look at each other . completely surprised . billy scramble over to the phone . billy ( pick up phone ) hello ? sidney ( from phone ) be you alone in the house ? billy look to Mr. Prescott . the cellular phone be go . billy you bitch -- where the fuck be you ? sidney not so fast . we be gonna play a little game . it 's call guess who just call the police and reported you sorry motherfucking ass ? billy look around the live room . billy find she . billy be fume now ... slightly staggering ... and start to lose it . he scream at stu who have fall to he knee . billy find her you dipshit ! stu I can not ... I be bad off , billy . you cut to deep . billy throw the phone at stu . he mouth to he , so sid can not hear . " talk to she ... " then billy take off for the kitchen . stu take the phone . sidney ( aware ) so stu , what 's you motive ? billy 's get one . the police be on they way . what be you go to tell they ? stu peer pressure ... I be way to sensitive . billy fly back in the room , grab the phone from stu . he 's completely nut now , staggering , bleed , totally insane . billy ( scream in phone ) I be gonna rip you up bitch . just like you slut whore mother . sidney gotta find I first , you pansy - ass mama 's boy . billy start rip the room up , overturn furniture in a mad fit of rage ... when he notice the hall closet . touche ! he smile deliriously , head for it , rip it open as ... a ghost masked figure strike from within , with a umbrella , the sharp end hit he in the chest as it fan out . billy stumble back , stunne , as the ghost come at he again ... the umbrella lodge in he chest , and he go down . sidney rip the ghost mask off she head . she look at billy , disgust , throw the mask on billy 's now still body . a movement behind she send she reeling around to find ... randy slowly sit up . his body drench in blood . he 's alive ... barely . he look to sidney ... through pain ... randy you know what I hate most about horror movie ? the final scene ... it just go on and on ... and it get so stupid ... Randy manage to stand when a figure come leaping at he , completely unexpected ... it 's stu ... barrel into he ... they fall back into the live room . sidney grab the gun next to billy and turn to the live room to find ... Randy and stu roll across the floor in a dead lock , fight , both seriously injure ... sid try to find aim when a ... hand grab hold of sidney 's ankle , toppling she to the floor ... once again she find billy on top of she ... in the live room Randy and stu pound at each other , beat and claw ... on sidney as she fight viciously , attack with everything she 's get ... Randy be desperately try to pry away from stu ...he grab hold of the television set and try to pull himself off the floor out of stu 's clutch ... his hand find the top of the tv ... the vcr ... he yank on it , grip it with he hand , bring it around with force - crashing the vcr into stu 's head . stu drop . on sidney as she dig she hand into billy 's open chest wound . he cry out bloody murder . her other hand bring the gun up to he face ... but he head bunt it out the front door ... suddenly a flash of silver appear above sidney . billy have grasp the butcher knife ... he rise it high above sidney ready to strike ... when a bullet rip through the foyer strike billy knock he back into the live room . sidney look up to see ... gale weather , hold the gun in a death grip as smoke rise above the gun 's chamber . sidney sit up as gale move to she , help she . they eye meet . a life truce . int . live room - continuous billy and stu lay face up , head to head . sid and gale move over they , stare down . Randy join they . randy sid , you find I out ... I be a virgin . and pretty happy about it right now . sidney nudge they body . they both stir . randy careful . this be the moment when you think the killer 's dead , but then he spring back to life for one last scare . sidney grab the gun from gale . sidney not this time . she position she foot on stu 's chest and aim . sidney this be for my Mom , asshole . she shoot he in the forehead , a clean and perfect shot . the she aim the barrel at billy who 's eye suddenly open , blink up at she , blood bubbling from he lip . he 's not yet dead . they eye lock . sidney and this billy stud-bucket be for have a incredibly small weenie . she fire another perfect shot . they be both goner . sidney drop the smoking gun , stand silent over the body . a quiet moment when suddenly ... a figure lunge at they both sid and gale and Randy scream in epic , final scare proportion as Mr. Prescott leap forward , still bound and gag . sid catch she breath , relax . sidney oh daddy ... she rush to he , untying he ... while gale move to the bookcase and retrieve the hide camera . gale I wanna close -up . Randy appear by sidney 's side , help she untie she father . randy this be probably a inappropriate moment , but you think you would want to maybe go out with I sometime ... like on a date ? sidney look at he , dumbfounded . randy maybe catch a movie ? a long moment as sidney 's face go from disbelief to resignation to the slight trace of a smile . sidney only if it 's a nice meg Ryan movie . randy you get it . he smile at she ... watch as sidney grab hold of she father , hold he tight as gale weather , with camera in hand , get one hell of a end to this scary movie . the end