scream 2 screenplay by Kevin williamson fade in : ext . movie theatre - night a old preserve movie theatre . the kind only find in a small town . very picturesque . the marquee in front read : " sneak preview tonight ' stab ' rate R " a line have form around the block , guy and girl - mostly college age . close on a girl , maureen , no more than 18 . a friendly face with innocent eye . she stand in line with she boyfriend phil , same age . a handsome counterpart . maureen I hate scary movie . phil it will be okay , baby , I will hold you hand . maureen if we hurry , we can still catch the Sandra bullock movie . phil we get free ticket . he pull she close , snuggling with she . ext . BOX office Maureen and phil reach the box office , present they ticket . they pass through the front door where a usher stand randomly hand out ghost mask . a Hollywood variation of a most familiar one . phil take one . maureen what 's that ? usher the studio send they . int . theatre - a minute later the small theatre be nearly pack to capacity . Maureen and phil enter , move down the aisle search for two seat . a young girl scream , whizzing by they as a ghost masked guy chase after she . the crowd laugh . everyone be have fun . Maureen and phil find aisle seat down towards the screen just as the light dim . people fake scream in terror . a very lively crowd . on screen credit roll as the movie begin . the studio logo appear follow by ... " a ROBERT rodriguez film " in the theatre Maureen turn to find a ghost mask in she face . phil have slip it on . maureen I do not think so . phil get in she face , play with she . she swat he . maureen take it off . phil but ... maureen now . he oblige . on screen more credit . " base on the book " the woodsboro murder " by gale weather " Maureen look behind she , toward the rest of the audience . a sea of white ghost face fill the theatre . the publicity mask actually glow in the dark . a chill sight that leave Maureen extremely spook . on screen the movie begin . a house in the middle of nowhere . light burn from within . Inside the house , a young girl , alicia silverstonish be take a shower . the water cascade over she nubile body . suddenly , a figure be glimpse through the curtain . it 's all very psycho . maureen now why do she have to be naked ? how do that serve the plot ? phil sssshhh . on screen the phone ring . the young girl pull the shower curtain aside to reveal a robe hang on a hook . she grab it , run from the bathroom , into the live room , grab the phone . girl hello ? a menace voice respond . voice hello ? girl who be this ? voice you tell I . in the theatre Maureen be not have a good time . she 's already spook . maureen I hate this shit . on screen the phone ring again . voice why do you hang up on I ? girl who be this ? in the theatre Maureen shift in she seat . maureen why do not she just hang up and call the police ? stupid .. phil shush . maureen I be gonna pee . you want anything ? he nod . Maureen stand and move up the aisle . int . lobby - second later Maureen emerge from the theatre and into the small lobby . it be dark and shadow . she move down a long hallway to a staircase . a " bathroom " sign with a arrow point downstairs . Maureen hit the stair to ... int . basement lounge - same a small lounge lead to two bathroom door . very low lighting . Maureen descend the stair , head for the ... int . girl restroom - same a large bathroom . five stall line one wall . the door creak open . Maureen enter and shoot for a stall . inside the stall - moment later Maureen finish up , fasten she pants . suddenly , the bathroom door creak open . Maureen listen . footstep be hear . loud and heavy . Maureen eye the crack in the stall door . not much be visible . suddenly , a shadow sweep by . the footstep stop . Maureen finish up quickly . she flush , throw the stall door open and rush out to find ... the bathroom empty . the stall door be all close . Maureen shoot for the door . she rip the door open as a figure rush she ... a young girl follow by she friend , both perky and loud . they hurl past Maureen , laughing and carry on . girl #l I get so scared my bladder roll . girl # 2 you chicken shit . it 's just a movie . girl # l no , it really happen . it 's a true story . Maureen be out the door . now thoroughly spook . int . basement lobby - same alone , Maureen move for the stair when a figure emerge from the shadow . a ghost masked shape appear behind she ... lunging for her , grab she , spin she around . she scream madly as the ghost start laughing . the mask come off . it 's phil . maureen you ass . phil I be sorry , I be sorry but I have to . it be too easy . maureen you be so not funny . phil take she in he arm . phil come on , baby . lighten up a little , will ya ? maureen I get scared really easy , okay . phil you gotta go with it . scary movie be great foreplay . he 's sincere . he lean down and plant a kiss on she . she cave , kissing he back . sweet and sensual . maureen I just have a hard time with insipid , sexist violence . phil ( nibble she neck ) we can still Sandra bullock it . maureen ( nibble back ) Sandra start without we . we can stay . he kiss she again , then break away . phil . yeah ? okay . I gotta whizz . meet I upstairs ? maureen want some popcorn ? phil butter . Maureen move up the stair out of sight . phil turn , reach for the bathroom door just as a ... ghost masked figure appear in he path . phil step back , surprised . suddenly , a flash of silver shoot forth as phil be pierce with a long sharp knife . Quick and silent . he belly over just as the ghost shape strike again . phil go down without a scream . CUT to : int . lobby - second later Maureen be at the concession . a girl at the counter hand she change and Maureen be off with soda and a tub of popcorn . int . dark theater - second later scream and gasp from the audience as the movie play on . on screen a patio chair come fly through a glass door . the young girl in the movie tear off run , scream , fly through the room . in the theater the crowd be really with the movie . some even talk to the screen . " you dumb bitch . get out of the house . " etc . Maureen make she way back to she aisle seat . she sit down next to ... phil who sit with the mask on . the reflection from the movie bounce against it in the darkness . maureen give it up . she sit down , with the popcorn . maureen how many stab do I miss ? on screen the young girl slip out a side door , completely terrify . in she hand , she hold a portable phone . in the theater Maureen offer phil popcorn . maureen why do not she run ? phil turn to she , bring he finger to he mask lip , ssshhing she . on screen the young girl run by a window . she look in . a ghost masked killer stare back . the figure crash through the window attack she . she fight he off , get away , run ... in the theater everyone in the theater be scream . Maureen try she best to detach herself from the movie . she eat she popcorn . maureen this be so tired . she turn she attention to phil . maureen hey , you ... pasty face ... phil ignore she . she reach over in the darkness put she hand on he knee . she inch it up . the ghost -mask phil just stare ahead . maureen whatsa the matter ? can not I get you ghost ? on screen the young girl be run through the yard . the ghost killer be right behind she , chase she ... she scream ... in the theater Maureen pretend to watch the movie while she hand continue to move between phil 's leg . she stare ahead , wincing at what 's about to happen to the girl on screen . she do not notice as phil pull a long sharp hunt knife from inside he coat jacket . Maureen 's hand move up phil 's jacket ... something stop she . she feel something on she finger ... something wet . she pull she hand back , the reflect movie illuminate bloody finger . Maureen stare at she hand ... on screen the ghost advance on the young girl , grab she , pull she to he , raise high a long , hunt knife . the young girl be helpless ... in the theater Maureen look at phil , confuse ... as if see for the first time ... it be not phil . she pull away when , the ghost -mask figure grab she with one hand , the other one clutching the hunt knife . Maureen see it , she mouth billow forth a loud scream that be match by the entire audience as they scream at the screen . on scream the young girl be stab in the heart . in the theater Maureen be helpless . the knife come fast and furious , strike she in the stomach . she fall forward , into the aisle as ... on screen the young girl , clutching she bloody chest ... drag herself , crawl across wet grass ... the killer behind she ... raise he knife again . in the theater popcorn fly as Maureen fall forward , into the aisle , clutching she bloody stomach . she 's speechless , unable to scream . she hold she bloody hand out for all to see , begging for help . she stumble down the aisle . someone yell " sit down . " Maureen turn to several people who begin to react . she turn behind she to see the ghost face come at she again ... knife raise . on screen the young girl be slashed again . in the theater the knife slice into Maureen again ... then again . the theatre audience be start to take note as the ghost keep slashing at she repeatedly with the knife . a horrifying , sicken sight . Maureen stumble forward , she bloody body move down to the front of the theater . suddenly , the entire audience begin ... applaud and cheer Maureen , sway from side to side , turn to the crowd and emit a horrendous blood curdling scream as ... on screen the young girl let out a enormous ear screeching scream that mirror Maureen 's as the killer attack one last time , stabbing she , silencing she forever . in the theater the ghost slashes out one last time , direct and fierce . Maureen fall back against the movie screen ... very much dead . her arm flail across the screen ... smear blood over the wide screen image of the ghost mask . smash CUT to black title card " scream 2 " fade in : int . dorm room - morning a typical college dorm room . industrial strength furniture . there 's two of everything . a ringing phone stir a young girl in bed , asleep under a mound of blanket and pillow . the girl start to rise as the phone be answer . a voice be hear . brass and sassy . voice ( o.s. ) hello ... uh- huh ... who be this ? well , we identify ourselves around here . no , you can not . uh-huh ... yeah , right ... the girl roll out of bed , she hair fall away to reveal she face - it 's sidney prescott . two year older have bring a maturity to this beautiful young woman . her face poss a survivor 's edge . stronger and more determine , she appear to have weathered the storm . sidney I get it . she stand and move to ... hallie her roommate and friend . a attractive young black woman . twenty at most . brazen . fun. full of life . she hand the phone to sidney . hallie knock yourself out . sidney hello ? ( silence ) hello ? voice hello sidney . a voice spit out of the phone . deep and haunt . sidney do not flinch . sidney yes ? voice what 's you favorite scary movie ? sidney who be this ? voice you tell I . sidney grab a small device hook to the phone . she take a look at its display . sidney cory gillis . 442-8730 . silence . sidney ( cont 'd ) hot flash , cory - prank phone call be a criminal offense prosecute under penal code 653m ... click ! the phone go dead . sidney ( cont 'd ) enjoy the movie . she hang the phone up , turn to hallie . hallie time to change number again ? sidney Nah ... I think it will die off . it 's open weekend . let 's see how it go . sidney grab she robe and shower bucket as hallie channel surf . various morning news program be on they small tv . snippet be hear . reporter ( from tv ) " ... the two victim , Maureen Evans and phil Stevens ... " the channel switch . a young man be be interview . attractive , sullen . sad . young man ( from tv ) please , I just wanna be leave alone . his voice stop sidney cold . she turn to the television . hallie he sure give a lot of interview for someone who want to be leave alone . hallie hit the remote . the man 's image disappear as the tv go off . hallie turn , all smile . hallie get you ass in gear . you be late . do not forget we have get rush at the deltas tonight . do not wear anything you do not want trash . sid ? sid ? sidney turn from the television . momentarily lose . recovery be immediate . sidney I can not believe I let you talk I into go Greek . sid move to the door and throw it open . a ghost figure leap at she . she scream but then stop herself . it 's just a costume hang from she doorframe . preset , to scare . another prank . sidney rip it down , turn to hallie , throw the costume at she . sidney pump . Nice handbag . whaddya think ? sid be surprisingly cool . she exit out the door , leave hallie stare at the ghost mask in she hand . CUT to : ext . dormitory - morning - little later sid step outside of she dorm . the morning sun shine down as sid breathes in , take in the day just as fifty news reporter nob her . reporter # 2 sidney , do you know the victim ? reporter # 1 do you feel responsible for the murder ? sidney what murder ? microphone be shove in she face as sidney be seige upon by journalist and tv camera . she start to panic . reporter # 3 do you think there will be more murder ? sidney be mortify . she push and shove but there be no escape . the question come at she like lightning . she see a whole in the crowd and go for it as a reporter , a flashy woman - all hair and tooth , thick sunglass , move in she way . flashy reporter do you kill they last night , sid ? have it get to you ? have you finally snap ? sidney 's eye flare . her fist start to clench when ... bam ! someone beat she to it . a fist fly out from the crowd , connect with the flashy woman 's face . she drop . sid spin around to find ... gale weather stand , tight -fisted . they eye meet . a quick moment . sidney be happy to see she . the onslaught continue . cameras flash , reporter shove . gale move in front of sid , hold the crowd at bay . the reporter begin to throw question at gale . gale ( to sid ) Quick , get outta here . sidney what 's go on ? gale just go . l'll find you later . sid waste no time . she take off , run around the side of the building . she stop , take a breath , but the reporter be on she tail . she look up to see a ... SMALL campus security vehicle appear , move towards she . it slow down . man' voice ( from the vehicle ) hop on , sid . sid go for it as two hand reach out to help she . one smooth move and sidney be in the arm of ... dewey riley she look at he . her face a book of question . sidney what 's go on , dewey ? he smile at she . a safe , warm smile . his face as cute as ever . dewey it will be alright . CUT to : ext . security cart - minute later the security cart trot along , pass student come and go . dress smartly in a campus security outfit , dewey maneuver the cart across the campus grounds . sidney ride beside he , horrify as she listen to he . sidney Three hundred people watch ? nobody do anything ? dewey they think it be a publicity stunt . sidney oh my God . how could it happen ? dewey they do not know . it be carefully plan . earlier in the day the victim receive anonymous pass to the movie . sidney it 's a copycat killer I know this would happen . that fuck movie . the cart come to a stop in front of a building . dewey as of now , they do not see any relation . but they be check it out . the state , special Task Force , FBI - they be all here . they will find the guy . sidney yeah , right . dewey look , sid , why do not you take off ? disappear for a few day . I will come with you . sidney no . I will not crawl under a rock . this be a fuck - up world and people kill people all the time . I will just get use to it . dewey step down off the security cart and help sid off . dewey nothing will happen to you . I promise . sid 's tough demeanor be crack . she take a deep breath . dewey that 's why I be here , right ? we take care of each other . c'mon , I will walk you to class . he start off , for the first time , a severe limp be visible as he leave leg drag behind he . sidney you go , it 's all stair , I can take it from here . dewey do not worry ... sidney dewey , I be completely equip with mace , alarm whistle , key , knife , a degree in defensive combat ... dewey just in case ... sidney no . this be nothing , dewey . I will be okay . go back to work and let I get back to my quasi pseudo- happy existence . sidney reach up and give she pseudo- brother a kiss , then take off for the building . dewey watch until she disappear inside , then limp back to he security cart . CUT to : ext . student union parking lot - minute later a newsvan pull up and park next to a trough of other newsvan and reporter . some be do live remote , other ready themselves for the next onslaught . gale get out of the newsvan , she cellular affix to she ear . gale I do not know ... no one 's talk . what 's the studio 's position ? never happen . they would be stupid to pull the movie . with all this free press - they be gonna have huge number this weekend . it will break box office record . of course I have bump . gale 's cameraman can be see behind she , in the van fussing with equipment . gale ( cont 'd ) I need two minute at six o'clock . I wanna do a piece on the slain kid - no sympathy shit - let 's stick with the movie angle . I wanna pull a clip from a old film ... gale turn to she cameraman , snap she finger . gale ( cont 'd ) hey , what be the name of that movie ? the guy look up at she . it 's randy . two year older but still the charming jokester . randy he know you're alone . mgn /ua . 1980 . Tom hank ' first film . gale ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) he know you're alone . yeah , find it . do not worry , I have get it cover ... I have a plan . yeah , I will get it . give it a rest - I say I will get it . later . she hang up , turn to Randy . gale ( cont 'd ) pressure 's on . you ready for this ? randy I be there , man . no worry . I get ya cover . I be so there . that 's why I be here - because I be there . Randy hold up he camera - stoke . CUT to : int . school of film - later sidney move down a hallway . not you typical school building . through open doorway , film equipment be glimpse . editing bay and the like . she 's in the Film Department . she come upon a open door and peer in . a large room , a class be in progress . she slip in quietly . int . classroom - same sidney take a seat at the back of the room . a handful of film student sit around on tear couch heavy in discussion . sid go unnotice as she watch a whirlwind debate . a snotty guy be pontificate a point . snotty guy sequel be too handicapped . by definition alone , they be inferior film . hallie sit on a couch next to mickey , 20' , atheletic , cool and rowdy . arm enwrap . mickey bullshit generalization . many sequel have surpass they original . snotty guy name one . mickey alien Far better than the original . another guy subjective . some girl life 's subjective . I much prefer ridley Scott . the conversation overlap , everyone argue ... make they point about alien versus . alien . hallie no way . alien rock . " stay away from she - you bitch . " snotty guy I will give you that one . name another . mickey t2. some girl you have get a hard - on for cameron . snotty guy a bigger budget do not make a better movie . terminator one be historical . someone scream out , " you Sarah connor ? " as the teacher , a young artsy type , speak up . artsy teacher how about the godfather part ii ? ooooohhh . the whole room go worship silent . all in agreement . snotty guy the almighty exception . name another . a young man , handsome and smooth , jump into the conversation . his name be derek . derek empire strike back . smarter story . improve effect . from the back of the room , sidney watch he . fixate . hallie I like jedi . with the furry thing . everyone boo be . " ewok blow . " mickey Lucas and he romper room stage . hallie I get . I get it . friday the 13th , part 20 . snotty guy case in point . the entire horror genre be destroy by sequel . artsy teacher really ? and why do you think that be ? snotty guy sequel suck . hello . it become about : money and no one 's interested in quality . derek it 's more than that . horror film be only as good as they villain . how can freddie and Jason possibly be scary after they have be dilute through five or six sequel . teacher what 's the solution ? if you be make a sequel today what would you do differently ? the class stew on this . derek turn , spot sidney in the back of the room . she give a half wave . he start for she , excuse himself . snotty guy the point be - I make my point . sequel suck . int . corridor - same derek and sidney move out into the hallway . derek throw he arm around she protectively . derek how be you ? you be not in class . I call as soon as I hear ... sidney I skip . too many " that 's she " look . derek I be sorry , baby . what can I do '? sidney do not ask what you can do . no coddle . life roll on status quo . he look at she with bedroom eye . derek I can do that . and I can also do this . he move on she , wrapping she in he arm and kissing she passionately . she break away , laugh . sidney no pda . but it 's a fail objection . he kiss she again and they be soon devour each other like two people in love . right in the middle of the hallway . CUT to : ext . student union - late afternoon the place be a circus . the front step of the student center have be roped off to form a platform . a podium and mike have be place center . crowd have gather for the press conference that be be hold by the university . Reporters and camera have be roped off to the side . on stage , dean fisher , a sharp look woman in she forty be talk to spectator . dean fisher ( read from a prepare statement ) " ... and we feel this unfortunate isolate tragedy in no way reflect upon we fine school and we should trust that the authority and FBI be act quickly to bring we answer ... " beside she stand uniform cop , the local sheriff , FBI agent . she continue on ... in the roped off news section gale walk through the crowd , listen to the Dean . female voice ( o.s. ) gale ? can I have a second ? gale spin around to find debbie salt , the flashy reporter who she deck earlier , stand in front of she . gale look , I be sorry about the face . debbie salt job hazard . Debbie Salt , stringer - newsweek . answer a few question ? gale Fair enough . debbie salt what be you do here ? I think you have retire from field report ? the woman have immediately put gale on the defensive . two other reporter have take notice . suddenly , cameras be on gale . gale well , you know I be dear to the subject matter . debbie salt and much richer as a result . gale do I know you ? you look familiar . debbie salt I take you vulture seminar seminar at Berkeley last year . gale good for you . and in second the vulture be upon she as gale weather be beseige by reporter . the question spew forth . " why be you here ? " " be this the work of a copycat killer ? " " have you talk to sidney ? " etc . gale ( ever smooth ) guy , you be miss the show . and with that gale wander off into the crowd . on stage the local sheriff , a smart look guy in he 50' be field question . sheriff no , we have no evidence of a serial killer . we think the killer act deliberately and not at random ... on the lawn student and concerned faculty stand . among they be sidney , derek , hallie and mickey . next to they stand joel , 20' , black , sensible and friendly . a very intelligent face . derek but what be they do ? he 's talk but he 's not say anything . joel sound like they do not know anything . hallie do you think they will cancel Hell week ? mickey you be get nail - you be not get out of it . from across the way , two gorgeous sorority type girl , lois and murphy stand with they fraternity jock boyfriend . all look and attitude . they eye be on sidney as they huddle in a conspiratory stance . joel have they question you yet , sid ? sidney this have nothing to do with I , Joel . there 's a estimate 270 serial killer currently active in the US at any give time . I can not control that . who 's hungry ? hallie I have rehearsal . mickey I have to watch rehearsal . hallie kick he . Joel move to sid . joel I gotta hit the library . anatomy . some of we have real major . you gonna be okay , sid ? sidney you be not allow to ask that . joel I will stop by the deltas tonight . sidney thanks , Joel . Joel smile , head out as the two sorority girl , lois and Murphy saunter over . lois hello , pledge . enjoy yourselves ? instantly , hallie stand at attention . sidney join begrudgingly . hallie yes , sister lois . very much so . thank you for ask . murphy good . we need you help , pledge . be you familiar with the deltas tp fundraiser ? the pledge shake they head . suspicious . lois withdraw two roll of toilet paper from she book bag and pass they out . lois ( cont 'd ) in we effort to raise money for we favorite cause ... murphy ... this week 's tke kegger ... lois ne ask that you sell individual square of toilet paper for a mere nickel a piece . murphy we have set you each at a five dollar quota . mickey come on , guy . uncool . murphy be I get fraternity interference , mickey ? sidney it 's okay . I can pedal toilet paper . derek sid , you do not have to . sidney take she toilet paper . sidney no special treatment . I can do this . c'mon hallie . she throw he a comforting glance . she 's okay with this . she head off with hallie . derek watch . derek how do you put up with this Greek shit ? mickey hey , it 's cool . hallie 's into it , I be into hallie ... across the way gale move through the crowd as the press conference / rally continue . she run dead smack into ... dewey they eye meet . a long moment . the silence between they be revealing . gale hello , dwight . dewey miss weather . gale I have be try to reach you but you have not return ... dewey I be on crowd patrol , miss weather , excuse I . he tip he hat curtly , then start off . she stop he . gale the name 's gale , remember ' ? he turn on she . his eye on fire . dewey yes , miss weather , you name be embed clearly between my ear . gale I see you read the book . dewey yes , I do retain read skill . shock . gale and a explanation be , of course , out of the question . dewey page 32 . " deputy dewey fill the room with he dim -witted barney fifish presence . " I think you have explain yourself . gale oh dewey , I be sorry . dewey no , what you be be a money hungry , fame - seek liar and - forgive I for say - mediocre writer who have a cold storage shed where she heart should be . this sting gale . gale you have every right to be upset . dewey page 41 . " deputy dewey ooze with inexperience . " gale I never mean to imply ... dewey how do you know my dim - witted inexperience be not merely a subtle form of manipulation use to lower people 's expectation thereby enhance my ability to effectively maneuver within any give situation ? gale be at a loss . gale I be sorry . I do not know what else to say except I be sorry . dewey no , I be the one who 's sorry . I misjudge you . now if you will excuse I , I have some ooze to do . dewey turn and limp away , leave gale stare after he . her face smashed fiat . on stage the sheriff continue field question from reporter . sheriff no , there have be no evidence that more than one killer be responsible ... across the way sidney and hallie have split up . they move through the crowd sell toilet paper . several student make they purchase . sidney pocket she change , look up to see gale , stand alone . she go to she . sidney hello , gale . gale sidney . hello . how be you ? sidney I be okay . people magazine will not stop call but other than that ... gale I be sorry . sidney yeah , well ... you be the definition of mix emotion . I really should hate you ... I see you movie 's get good review . gale it seem to be cause a stir . what 's with the toilet paper ? sidney it 's hell week . I be pledge the deltas . gale it 's good to see you involved . sidney my morn be a Delta . beat . people have begin to notice the two of they talk . Reporters and spectator have slowly circle they . gale look around . she spot Randy , who appear behind sid , with he camera . gale give he the nod . he throw the camera up , hit the light . sid spin around , surprised to see he . sidney ( cont 'd ) Randy ? what be you do here ? but then she see someone else , stand off to the side . a man she recognize immediately . he look at ; she , he face sullen , break . sidney lose she breath . sidney ( cont 'd ) cotton ... he move to she . cotton hello , sidney . gale motion to Randy . he maneuver , get the two of they in frame . a long moment , sidney just stare at he . completely off guard . she look to Randy who aim the camera directly at she ... filming she . sidney what be you do ? she turn back to gale , stare hole through she , realize she 's be set up . she look back to cotton . she do not know what to say . she turn back to gale . eye aflame . sidney ( cont 'd ) you bitch ! sidney storm off , disappear in the crowd . cotton turn to gale . his face pain . cotton this be a mistake . I should not be here . he take off , push through the crowd . Randy stop filming . randy can you say backfire ? gale do you get it ? randy yeah , I get it . Randy be clearly not happy about he part in this . it 's in he voice . gale you need to check you conscience at the door . we be not here to be love . Randy 's face reveal otherwise . at the podium the sheriff continue . sheriff no , we do not anticipate another murder but we be take every precaution possible ... CUT to : ext . sorority row - night a small street that dead - end in a cul de sac . large old home populate it . Greek sign adorn the place . welcome to sorority row . int . sorority house / live room - night a huge live room . divide sensibly in several section . nicely do . et be empty except for one girl who lie on the couch watch television . this be cici , pretty with a lively energy about she . she channel surf while talk on the phone . cici ( on phone ) no , they break up again . Bailey will not stop drink and Sarah can not take it anymore . girl on phone ( from phone ) think he be do aa . cici no , he quit - the whole God thing - he have issue . the preview for next week ... beep ! beep ! call wait bleep through . cici ( cont 'd ) hold up ... someone 's call . ( she click over ) chi omega House . man' voice hello . a man' voice . deep and allure . cici yes . man' voice who be this ? cici cici . who 's this ? man' voice someone who want to talk to you . cici Ted ? where be you ? be you drink ? hold on . she click back over . cici ( cont 'd ) teddy 's on the other line . he sound drunk . I will call you back . girl on phone that shit . he only call you when he 's drunk . do not go over there . cici I will not . girl on phone do not . think Bailey . cici alright , alright ... I will call you back . she click back over . cici ( cont 'd ) okay , Ted , you sound load . what 's up ? man' voice who 's Ted ? realizing , it 's not Ted . cici oh , I be sorry . my bad . I think you be someone else . man' voice that 's okay . cici who do you want to speak with ? nobody 's here . man' voice where be everybody ? cici we be co-sponsor the acid rain mixer at the sig ep. house tonight . man' voice why be not you there ? cici I be designate driver . I have to be here in case a sister call and need a ride . man' voice that 's too bad . cici " drink with you brain . " that 's we motto . who be you call for ? man' voice what if I say you ? cici what if I say goodbye ? man' voice why would you wanna do that ? cici why do you always answer a question with a question ? man' voice I be inquisitive . cici I be impatient . look , do you wanna leave a message for someone ? silence . no response . cici ( cont 'd ) hello ? hello ? where would you go ? silence again . and then ... man' voice do you wanna die tonight , cici ? almost a whisper . simple . direct . his voice pierce cici . her eye widen . beep ! call wait click through . cici just a second . ( click over ) yes ? cici get up and move to ... int . foyer - same cici check the front door , make sure it 's lock . girl on phone be it teddy ? cici no , some creep asshole try to scare I . girl on phone it 's hell week . chill . the movie murder have bring out the crazy . it 's nothing . bump ! a noise from upstairs . cici spin around to the staircase . cici shit . girl on phone what be it ? cici I hear a noise . girl on phone where ? cici upstair . bump ! something move upstairs . it sound almost like footstep . cici shit. cici move to the staircase . she peer up it . cici ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) hello ? hello ? girl on phone ( la Friday the 13th ) kill , kill , kill , kill , hah , hah , hah , hah ... cici stop it ... girl on phone I can not believe you be alone in that house . cici look up the staircase again . cici ( soft whisper ) I do not think I be alone . floorboard creak above she . cici freak . cici I be outta here . she fly to the door , unlock it , throw it open . she move out onto the ... ext . front porch - same a wooden porch with a bulb glow overhead . she stand on the porch step , look back , through the open door , into the house . the phone start to crackle . girl on phone you be break up . where be you ? cici outside . girl on phone that 's smart . cici look up and down the street . a young guy walk along the sidewalk . cici ( call out to he ) hey , you ? hello ? hell0 ? the guy wear a headset , he head bob to the beat . he do not see she . cici look up the street to a sorority house down the block . light burn from within . people come and go . cici ( cont 'd ) there 's something go on at the Delta Zeta 's . I be gonna walk down . cici move further down the porch step . the phone begin to crack severely . girl on phone ( phone begin to go out ) do not do that . hang up ... call ... ( static ) cici what ? I can not hear you ... girl on phone ( major static ) hang up ... call ... cici I be lose you . girl on phone ... campus security ... send someone ... check out ... place ... cici okay , okay . I will call now . I will call you back . cici hang up the phone . she hit the " talk " button . nothing but static . she try again . she can not get a dial tone . she look back to the front door . she hesitates quickly , debate , then she move back up the porch step . she try the phone again . it still will not connect . she move back to the front porch . it connect . Major static . she dial 511 . voice ( major static ) campus Security . cici hello , I be call from the chi omega ... voice ( too much static ) I be sorry . I can not hear you . hello ? cici eye the open front door . she inch back to it . cica ( cont 'd ) can you hear I now ? voice we ... bad..connec ... call back . the phone go dead . cici shit . cici redial . the same static . voice hello ? cici I be call ... voice I can not hear you . cici peer through the front door , into the house . it 's completely empty . cici step back inside the house . the connection become much clearer . cici I be call from the chi omega house . someone be harass I . hello ? there 's no one on the line . cici ( cont 'd ) shit ! suddenly , a figure appear behind her . a hand grab her . cici spin around , scream bloody murder . girl voice do the phone ring ? stand before she be dawnie , a young girl , sweet , pre- occupy . cici Jesus , you scared I . what be you do here ? dawnie I live here . cici I think you be go to the mixer ? dawnie I have to change . do anyone call ? cici just some asshole try to scare I . the front door remain wide open . the phone ring . cici stare at it in she hand . she do not answer it . dawnie be you okay ? cici nod , answer the phone . rock music blare from the receiver . cici hello ? drunk girl ( from phone ) we need a ride . taxi ! taxi ! cici where be you ? drunk girl ( from phone ) we be at grog and need a ride to acid rain . dawnie who be it ? be it Tina ? cici they're at grog . dawnie grab the phone , move into the live room . she move to a mirror and fuss with she hair . dawnie Tina , it 's dawnie . I be on my way . cici follow she back into the live room . cici I will go . I do not mind . really . dawnie hang up the phone , turn to cici . dawnie take the next one . you should set the alarm . there 's a killer on the loose . reflected through the mirror be the foyer . neither see as a shroud figure appear through the front door . dawnie turn back to the mirror just as the figure sweep into the dark dining room and out of sight . dawnie start back for the front door . the phone ring . dawnie grab it . dawnie ( cont 'd ) hello ? man' voice be cici there ? dawnie who 's call ? man' voice Ted ? dawnie throw she the phone and race out the door . dawnie ( cont 'd ) it 's you ill-concieve boyfriend . seeya later . set the alarm . she slam the door shut behind she . a second later we hear it lock . dawnie bring the phone up to she ear . cici hello ? Ted ? man' voice no , it 's I . cici nearly collapse . she 's start to lose it . cici whaaaatt ? man' voice do not forget to set the alarm . cici hang up , throw the phone across the room . she move back to the foyer where a alarm panel be position in the wail . she hit a coupla digit and a beep be hear as she activate the alarm . she check the door , make sure it 's lock , then she turn and move into the ... dark dine room cici find the light switch . click ! the room be illuminate . two long dining table run the length of the room . it 's empty . void of the figure . int . kitchen - same a large , dark kitchen . cici move to the frig and open it , she give it the once over . the frig light reflect against she face . she close the refrigerator , not see the shadow that bounce across she back . cici move to a slide glass door that overlook the backyard . she check the lock . secure . then , the phone ring . she turn to the phone that 's attach to a nearby wall . it ring again . she reach for it , answer it . cici hello ? suddenly , two hand lunge out of the darkness one find she neck , the other grab she by the hair , wrenching she head backwards and spin she around , shove she , push she into the ... sliding glass door Glass explode everywhere , shatter to bit as cici 's body crash through it , set off the alarm . a loud , shrill ring resonant through the house as cici 's body land on the deck outside . still . ( note : wes doe really scary shit here . ) CUT to : ext . delta zeta house - minute later two door down from chi omega . a big , old gothic home serve as the Delta Zeta sorority . music plays from inside . it sound like a party . ext . delta zeta live room - sane the room be fill with fifteen to twenty people . sorority girl and frat boy who scream and cheer as they watch four girl who sit on they knee , hand behind they back , in front of a coffee table devour plate of macaroni and cheese top with whipped cream . sidney , hallie , and two other girl , teri and luce tear into the macaroni with all they might . gobbling it up , make a mess of themselves . mickey be next to hallie , coach she on . on sid as she finish she plate . a whistle blows . murphy ( cont 'd ) look like we have a winner . sid sit up . macaroni and whipped cream be all over she face . she smile the victor . everyone applaud . murphy ( cont 'd ) sidney get to skip the next round of bulimia bingo . hallie , a face full of grime , eye sid . hallie you bitch . they crack up . someone pass she a towel . she stand wiping she face , look across the room as derek enter through the front door . she wave at , he . he hurry over . sidney where have you be ' ? you miss my shine moment . I win the macaroni sundae binge . derek I be sorry honey . I get behind . on hallie and mickey mickey be clean off hallie 's face . mickey I do not want you to choke or anything but you be trail . you need to pick the pace up . she swat he . on sid and derek sid and derek stand arm in arm watch the next round . sidney ( complete throw away ) any news ? derek about what ? sidney the forbidden subject . he shake he head . suddenly , a frat boy pop into the room . frat boy yo , guy , outside . something 's up at the chi omega . Police be everywhere . people begin to stand , move to the window and front door . sidney look to derek . ext . delta zeta house - same everyone come fly out of the front door and into the yard as police car whip by . siren blaring . angle on STREET two door down sit the chi omega house crawl with police , ambulance , reporter ... " yo - let 's check it out . " " c'mon . " the entire crowd take off in drove down the street . all except for ... sidney and derek they stand on the porch , watch as the street become a circus . close on sidney' face she know . int . chi omega house - same Captain Tyler , the sheriff , police , FBI ... the house be crawl . dewey sift around on he own , check thing out . in the kitchen Captain Tyler and the sheriff stand at the shattered glass door . sheriff lot of blood . but no body . captain tyler have you check the ... sheriff attic , garage , basement , nothing . captain tyler take the neighborhood . the sheriff turn to he man . sheriff alright man , listen up ... dewey be all ear . int . delta zeta house - same derek and sid stand on the porch , he arm around she . her face be numb . sidney it 's start all over again . derek lemme take you home . sidney I will get my jacket . sidney , indifferent , move through the open front door , back inside the house . her face and mind detach from what 's go on . derek remain on the porch , watch the spectacle . slowly , the door behind he close . int . delta zeta live room - sane sid move through the live room , she grab she coat when the phone ring . she look at it suspiciously ... knowingly ... she reach for it . sidney hello ? man' voice hello sidney ? the voice . low and haunt . sidney close she eye . when she open they tear be immediate but still , she refuse to crack . sidney who be you ? man' voice soon , sidney , soon . sidney what do you want ? man' voice to see every ounce of blood drain from you body . the Voice have never sound more evil ... more seductive . sidney do not flinch . she hold steady . sidney then come and get I . and with that sidney hang up the phone , slamming it down . silence . and then ... man' voice my pleasure . the Voice come from inside the room ... behind she . sidney spin around and find herself stare at the ... ghost masked figure but not the one from the movie theater . the one from sidney 's nightmare long ago . it stand in the foyer archway , stare at she . a sustained moment . a stand off . sidney do not move . but then the killer withdraw he trademark . a long , steel hunt knife ... blood stain . sidney bolt as the ghost leap at she . she scream , dodging he , on the porch derek hear she scream . he turn to the front door . he find it lock . he start to beat on it . derek sid ? sid ? in the live room sid just dodge the ghost , just miss the knife 's blade . she bolt through the live room , to the front door . derek beat on it from outside . in the foyer sidney derek . he 's in the house . help ... I ... she struggle with the door , there be too many lock , the ghost be already upon she . she look to the stair , think better of it ... fly through the dining room . int . front porch - sane derek be go nut try to get into the house . he move along the porch to the window , look through . he watch as the ghost figure chase she into the kitchen . derek look about the porch . he rear he foot back and kick in the window . int . kitchen - same sid move through the kitchen to the back door . she struggle with the lock as the ghost be right behind she . she barely make it out the back door ... ext . back yard - same a large , fence in yard . lot of big oak tree . sid fly down the back porch and into the yard . she move across it , pass tree and shrub . she spot a close fence door in the back of the yard . she look behind she to find ... nothing she scan the yard , the ghost figure have completely disappear . she move behind a big tree , hide behind it . sid stop , catch she breath , then peer from behind the tree . the yard be completely empty . she go for the fence door , slowly move around the tree . bump ! a noise in the darkness . she spin around , still make she way around the tree , move backwards , walk right into a figure . she scream , spin around , find herself face to face with ... cici be body hanging , dangle , hang from the tree , she stomach a rip , bloody mess . sidney scream in unforgettable horror . she step back , fall right into the arm of ... dewey she turn , scream . dewey it 's okay . it 's okay . it 's just I . he take she into he arm , comforting she , as she hold on for dear life . ext . college campus - morning the early sun cast light upon a otherwise dark and joyless morning as the blood stain campus slowly come to life . ext . campus security station - morning the local campus security office have be convert into a media event . News truck , camera and reporter stand guard outside while inside ... int . campus security station - morning the place be pack . no longer just a campus security office . the place have be convert to the local police station as well as FBI headquarters . uniform and suit swarm the place . in a back section of the room , sheriff hartley and Captain Tyler be in a huge discussion with Dean Fisher . temper be heat . its be a sleepless night for all . captain tyler we do not know if it 's random . we have not be able to connect the victim . sheriff the first two be stab without think . the sorority girl be gut with autopsy precision . dean fisher Christ ! just do something . I will not have a repeat of gainesville . not on my campus . . dewey listen to this exchange , slowly step forward . dewey sidney Prescott , sir . they both turn to he . dewey ( cont 'd ) she 's the connection . captain tyler we know that , son . dewey the killer be try to get to she . that sorority girl be a distraction . captain tyler we be aware of that . sheriff hartley step forward . dewey the killer be obviously repeat woodsboro . I can fill you in on what I know . dewey be not a welcome participant . eye roll . Captain Tyler pull dewey aside . captain tyler look , son . I know you have live through this , but we get it under control . why do not you have some coffee ? just then , gale weather appear be ushere in by two uniform . Dean Fisher greet she with smile the FBI and local police fawn over she . sheriff thank you , miss weather for come in . gale of course , what can I do ? Captain Tyler give dewey a patronize pat on the back , send he off . captain tyler we be hope you could help with the killer 's profile . dewey 's face could not be more burn . int . campus security station - morning - minute later a chalk board in front of they . Three name be write on it under the label " victim " - " maureen evan , phil steven , cici taylor " gale be at the chalk board gale Maureen Evans - Maureen Prescott . sidney Prescott 's mother . the first victim in the woodsboro murder . phil Stevens - Stephen orth - the first kid to be murder . ten to one - cici be not the third victim 's real name . sheriff it 's cassandra . gale nickname cassie or - casey . the third victim in woodsboro . she be hang from a tree and gut . the room go quiet . dewey watch from the back of the room . his eye burn hole into gale . captain tyler Jesus ... gale this be a complete copycat . you killer be even go in sequence . Captain Tyler sit up . captain tyler who be the next victim in woodsboro ? gale in the book or in the movie ? dean fisher let 's try reality . gale Mr. himbry - the principal be the next victim . however , in the movie version , Tatum riley be kill next . Dramatic license . sheriff Jesus Christ . Captain Tyler fly out of he seat and into action . captain tyler ( to he man ) find I every variation of himbry and what be the other name ... dewey Tatum riley . dewey speak up . his voice soft but hear . the entire room stare at he , knowingly . gale 's eye find he . he look away . captain tyler both on campus and the surround community . I want name asap . dean fisher I will get you full access . the room break into a fury as they jump into action . gale stop Captain Tyler . gale what about sidney ? be she safe ? captain tyler she 's completely insulate . I have get my top man on she . CUT to : int . sidney ' S dorm room - morning sid , derek , hallie , mickey , and Joel lounge among pillow and blanket . the remain of a sleepover . Joel part the blind . angle through window two plain clothed policeman be in view , milling about outside - stand guard . joel how many guy they have on you ? mickey I count four . hallie read from a notebook in she hand . hallie okay , you be sure about skip calculas ? sidney please , I have the perfect excuse . hallie what about rehearsal ? sidney gotta . hallie I will cover you through rehearsal . derek when do you get outta docu - drama ? derek two . hallie so you will relieve I at 2:30 ... derek and watch she till 8:00 - I have get to edit . joel perfect . I will be outta micro-bio and we can grab a bite . sidney guy , guy , I be sorry but , no way . hallie shut up . mickey , you and I can take she late evening . mickey sig ep 's gotta band , tonight . hallie too bad . sidney this be exactly what I do not want . derek I think it 's out of you control . derek put he arm around she , pull she close . mickey and hallie argue about this evening . Joel move out the door . joel sid , I will seeya tonight . sidney but ... derek kiss she sweetly . sidney my screw up life should not have to bleed onto my friend . derek let we decide that . sidney what about you film ? be not it due next week ? have you even start it ? derek it 's under control . he kiss she again . CUT to : int . student union - later a huge one - stop for student . comprise of several open floor , it look like a mini-mall . a cafeteria , book store , movie theatre , arcade , etc. fill the place . gale move through the lobby area when she see Debbie Salt head she off . she try to bolt but she 's not fast enough . debbie salt hi , gale , any lead ? gale ton and ton . debbie salt where be sidney 's father ? gale Home - where he life . debbie salt and be the police sure about that ? gale why do not you ask they ? debbie salt already do . he 's the perfect suspect , do not you think ? gale no , I do not . debbie salt Parents be always responsible . it all start in the home . gale look , I know you kinda hold I up as you career template and it give you some anal charge to challenge I but you win . okay ? I be not interested in the scoop anymore . Excuse I . gale charge off , move to a nearby newsstand . the tabloid papers exploit what 's go on . crazy headline about the murder dominate the newsrack . gale be clearly bother by this . just then , a phone ring . she pull it from she pocket . gale ( cont 'd ) hello ? man' voice hello , gale . it 's the killer . his voice be unmistakable . gale who be this ? man' voice I will give you one guess . gale know immediately . she look around for help . a campus cop be across the lobby . gale who be you ? man' voice that 's not the way we play the game . gale I do not play game . man' voice what if you life depend on it ? gale get testy with he . gale what do you want ? man' voice you be pretty when you be angry . gale stop cold . she look around . the place be alive with people . he could be anywhere . gale where be you ? man' voice I be everywhere . she continue move to the campus cop . gale oh - a God complex man' voice stay away from the cop . a deadly warning . gale stop . she play it cool . she look above she to the upper floor . student hang over a balcony . gale what do you want from I ? man' voice it 's what you want from I . silence . gale what do you mean ? man' voice you be write another book , be not you ? that 's why you be here . the story 's not over . gale you be get obvious . man' voice no , gale , I be just get start . seeya soon . gale no , wait ... man' voice watch you back . click . the phone go dead . gale spin around , do quick circle to make sure no one 's around she . she turn and head off , right into ... dewey they both gasp . CUT to : int . campus theatre - day a large tiere theatre . seat five-hundred . Old but preserve and update . a rehearsal be in progress . several actor stand stage center run line as stagehand work on the set around they . sidney be one of they . she move around the stage , very animated . more alive than ever . she don a Russian accent . convince . a promise actress . sidney ( in character ) " pain , yah , such pain . pain . " a awkward silence . everyone look at each other . finally , lois , the bitchy sorority girl speak up . lois that 's not the line . you jump . sidney shit. do I ? lois about a page . director ( off stage ) CUT ! let 's take five . the actor break up as sidney , frustrated , walk across a make shift bridge that take she across the orchestra pit and down the stair into the house where hallie sit watch . sid 's bodyguard can be see sit scattered about . hallie that be good . sidney yeah , right . the director , mid -30' , intelligent , friendly . director sid , why do not you get outta here ? we will pick this up tomorrow . sid nod in agreement . the director smile at she . director ( cont 'd ) work on the accent . she grab she thing and head off with hallie when ... voice sid ? sid turn to find Randy move through a aisle . he have be watch rehearsal . sid 's face tense . hallie who be that guy ? sidney it 's okay . look , hallie , I will meet you outside . hallie no , girletta , I do not leave you side . sidney I have get my entourage . take a break . please . sid be definite . hallie back off , head up the aisle , against she better wish . sidney what do you want ? randy I be sorry , sid , please . I never should have go along with gale . I know I be stupid . I wish I have some good reason to give you but I be just stupid . please , sid , do not be mad at I . sidney do you work for she now ? randy well , yeah ... she give I a job . freelance . it get I outta woodsboro . I be sorry about cotton and yesterday . it be a bad idea . I know it be a bad idea but it seem like a quasi harmless bad idea . ah , shit , sid , I be fuck up . sidney look at he Long and hard , a smile slowly appear . sidney I , too . Randy . I too . he nod , knowingly . sidney ( cont 'd ) wanna get outta here ? CUT to : int . campus security station - afternoon gale and dewey be with Captain Tyler and sheriff Evans . captain tyler if he call again - find help . do not engage he in conversation . I be gonna put a man on you - to cover you . dewey I can do it , Captain . captain tyler thanks , dewey , but I be think I would pull jesse off ... gale I would prefer dewey , Captain . Tyler do not argue . he 's too craze . dewey avoid gale 's stare . dewey how 's the name search go ? captain tyler 37 usage of himbry locate in the registar 's office . 9 Tatum 's , 47 riley 's . and that 's just on campus . it 's hopeless . CUT to : int . cineplex movie theatre - little later a movie be in progress . stab . on screen a young girl , look a lot like Tori spell , run down a school corridor . she run smack into a young , handsome boy . he could very well be johnny depp . tori ( in movie ) oh , God , billy , you scared I . what be you do here ? johnny ( in movie ) they let I go , sid , I do not do it . I be innocent . in the theatre sid and Randy sit in the small cineplex mall type theatre . behind they sit sid 's trust police guard . sidney shift in she seat . randy you okay , sid ? sidney yeah . on screen Tori spell and johnny depp continue they dramatic discussion . johnny when my mom leave my dad , I accept it . that 's just the way the cookie crumble . mom leave . tori yeah , but you mom leave town . she 's not dead . my mom 's dead . do you hear I ? she 's dead . Dead . and she 's never come back . ever , ever . in the theatre sidney grow increasingly uneasy . CUT to : int . student cafeteria - later mickey , Joel , and derek be crowded around a table in the Student Union cafeteria . derek my documentary be due on Tuesday . mickey what 's you subject ? derek I be a sorority slut . joel you should of do it on sidney . that would have be a cool . derek she would not let I . mickey not with Primetime live and 20 / 20 come at she . I would save my shit too . hallie come waltzing up . derek where 's sid ? hallie damned if I know . she ditch I . derek you be not suppose to leave she alone . hallie I do not say she be alone . that guy - from she home town show up . they go off together . hallie plop down , give mickey a big kiss . mickey I have be wait for you , baby . joel be that cool ? just to leave she like that ? hallie she 's get guard with she . derek what guy ? hallie Randy somebody . joel Randy meek . he be with sid that night in woodsboro . mickey her old boyfriend ? joel no , she kill she boyfriend . Randy be a friend . mickey watch out , derek . hallie he try to kill she first . mickey be sid in therapy ? joel she be for a while . gave it up . derek how do you know so much about she ? joel I read the book . mickey I could use some therapy . derek should we be worried about this guy ? be not it kinda weird he just show up and now people be die ? hallie he seem harmless . derek be not most serial killer seemingly harmless ? joel and white . mickey easy black boy . joel it 's document . most serial killer be attractive - slightly off white male in they twenty . hallie that 's you , honey . hallie kiss mickey again . mickey I get a surprise for you . hallie what ? suddenly , he leap up on the cafeteria table and begin to sing at the top of he lung . mickey " if I should stay . I would only be in you way . so I will go . and yet , I know , I will think of you each step of the way ... hallie do not do this . mickey " and IIIIIIIIIYEIIIII will always love you oooooowuoooooooo will always love you . " everyone have take notice . they begin to cheer and sing with he . joel ( to derek ) whitney ? derek I think he 's do dolly . mickey " and I hope life treat you kind and I hope you have all you dream of offffff . I wish you joyyy . " derek definitely whitney . hallie can not help but be touch . he finish up , end on a last , final note . as he do , he pull a necklace from around he neck . his Greek letter dangle from it . he place they around she neck , kissing she . joel be not that a big no - no ? derek I think so . hallie break away . she swat he . hallie you be go to get it . you know what happen . mickey but I love you . and I want the whole world to know it . hallie smile , she eye misty . derek and Joel eye each other . CUT to : int . cineplex movie theatre - little later sid and Randy continue watch the movie . the guard behind they be way engross . on screen it 's the end of the movie . Tori spell be run for she life from two killer - johnny depp and he sidekick . she find herself trap in the kitchen . johnny depp hold the knife up to Tori 's face . tori why do you kill my mother ? johnny because she be sleep with my dad . she 's the reason my mom leave . she be a whore just like you . in the theatre this word sting sid . Randy notice she flinching . on screen tori my mom be no whore . do not you say that . johhny Whore ! Whore ! Whore ! Whore ! Tori start to cry . in the theatre tear find they way down sidney 's cheek . on screen johnny depp and he murderous sidekick start stabbing each other . johnny ( cont 'd ) it 's the perfect alibi , sidney . sidekick just like in the movie . in the theatre sidney can not take it anymore . she get up and race out of the theatre . int . lobby - a second later sid emerge from the theatre and into the lobby . she move into a curtain section where the water fountain be . she look up and see Randy fly out of the theatre . he exit outside look for she . the cop be right behind he . voice hello sidney . sidney spin around . cotton weary stand before she . shoulder slump , he face pain . sidney cotton . cotton can we talk ? sidney I do not think that 's a good idea . cotton look , yesterday be not my idea . that be all gale and dollar sign and rating . sidney what do you want from I , cotton ? cotton you could start with a apology . sidney I do that . cotton you write I a letter . very cordial . very appropriate . sidney how ? what could I say that would make a difference ? I take away a year of you life - how do I apologize for that ? cotton I wish it be just a year . I lose everything because of you . I have nothing now . look at I , this be what I have become . a long silence . sidney be hang on by thread . sidney cotton , there be not one day , one hour , one minute when I be not remind of what I have do . I have not have one second of reprieve and no therapy or religion or spiritual plane can ever erase what I feel in every vein of my be . and I wish I have in I what you need to hear but I do not think the word exist . more silence . cotton I just think if I see you face to face , maybe it would help . sidney do it ? cotton it help I realize one thing . sidney what ? cotton you be a self - obsessed little cunt like you mother . and with that , cotton flip on a dime . his face turn evil . sidney race by he as he throw out he arm , stop she just as ... the two police guard appear , grab he from behind . they throw he against the wall , retain he . Randy appear at sid 's side . randy you okay ? sid nod as she watch the officer arrest he . they do a body search , pull from he coat a large revolver . cotton just smile . CUT to : ext . campus library - later sid and Randy walk up the step to the school library . the ever help guard behind they . sidney I do not know . I do not think cotton do it . it 's too predictable . randy if he 's innocent he will have a alibi . sidney I guess gale 's go to be piss she miss she exclusive . randy I will relay it . you sure you do not wanna go home ? sidney I have this button I press . see ? it insulate I . she mime a air lock valve . randy I gotta coupla of that button myself . there 's something sad about this exchange . this two people understand each other sidney thanks for the movie , Randy . randy anytime . sorry it suck . it just have that be there do that feel . sidney watch as Randy shove off , disappear across campus . sid turn to find derek lean against a pole . derek I have the four o'clock shift . you be not there . you have we worried . be everything okay ? sidney no , it 's not . derek I do not really know what happen in woodsboro , sid . but I know you do not trust I . sidney it 's not you , derek . I do not trust myself . I tend to make big selection error when it come to man . derek then I will make this easy for you . I like you . I be crazy about you , sid . but I be gonna stay away . until you say otherwise . a long moment . he look at she , hope she will say otherwise . sidney I be sorry , derek . derek nod . so that 's how it 's go to be . he turn and wander off , not look back once . CUT to : ext . newsvan - campus - later the newsvan be park at a curb . it sit out of the way overlook the student common area . a grassy area where student sit and conjugate . gale walk back and forth with the cellular attach to she ear . dewey sit lean against the van , watch she . he still have a crush but hide it as best he can . gale ( on phone ) the interview 's not go to happen . 1 change my mind . I have harass the girl enough . it 's in poor taste and a bad idea . from the phone you entire career be in poor taste ... gale gotta go , call I when you have something nice to say . gale hang up , she look to dewey . smile . dewey so what make you change you mind about sidney ? gale mood swing . I be manic depressive . dewey you be a hard one to figure out . gale it 's that complex yet shallow quality . it 's deliberate . dewey I think you be all a act . gale and deep down I be a good person ? make no mistake , dewey , I be a shit . dewey I know that . gale yeah ? dewey I also know that you be a aging tv reporter slash writer who , despite huge tabloid success , have some self worth issue regard you personal life which directly effect you professional life in a non-positive manner . a coupla fail relationship with - I be guess bald , older man - have turn you into this bitch with a cell phone . but I bet sometimes , late at night , when you be all alone a sadness seep to the surface and in a moment of clarity you know that all you really want be to be touch and hold and fondle . gale stare at he , stunne . a moment as the tension swirl about they . gale and where do you gain all of you gale weather 's insight ? dewey approach she . gale have never be more take with he . they stand incredibly close . dewey after my spinal cord be damage I be laid up for over a year . a lot can happen when you be on you back . they be nearly touch now . just then , Randy approach . randy what would I miss ? gale back away from dewey , breathless . her cellular phone ring . she eye dewey , then hand it to Randy . gale I be not here . Randy take the phone . randy hello ? man' voice gale ? randy she 's not here right now . man' voice but she 's stand right next to you . shit ! Randy motion to gale and dewey . it 's he . he point around campus , mouth " he 's watch . " gale grab dewey . gale c'mon. ( to Randy ) keep he talk . gale and dewey race off , across the grassy area where student come and go . on randy he hold the phone , scared , not know what to say ? randy so ... what 's you favorite scary movie ? no response . silence . man' voice they will never find I . Randy eye dewey and gale , they move through student , search . randy what do you care ? let them have they fun . so , what 's up ? man' voice what 's you favorite scary movie ? randy showgirl . absolutely frightening . what 's yours ? wait , let I guess . the house on sorority row ? final exam . graduation day ? the dorm that dripped blood ? splatter university ? be I close ? man' voice closer than you think . on dewey and gale they move through pass student . gale he have to be nearby . he like the game . dewey be on the he walkie . " I need back - up . " he have a hard time keep up with gale . he hobble along . back on randy he go on a tirade pace back and forth . randy so what 's you deal ? can we talk openly for a second ? how do one become a serial killer ? huh ? be you psychopathic or merely psychotic ? and what be the distinguishing feature ' ? be you slap around as a child ? be it hereditary ? do you Mom take test drug ? you know , have you try get laid ? it 's do wonder for my homicidal tendency . man' voice do you want to die ? randy gee , let I think . " do you want to ... " be that the best you can do ? some tired hand I down rehash ? hey , pal , no one 's gonna write a book about you . no movie rights . nothing . I have be through this before and much better I might add . on gale and dewey gale spot a young man , sit with some other kide . he 's talk on a cellular phone . she race to he and rip it from he hand . he leap up ready to pounce on she . dewey appear . dewey it 's okay . c'mon , gale . back on randy Randy will not let up . he continue dissing . randy and if you be such a brilliant smart killer - why copycat ? why not be original ? where 's the innovation ? let 's pioneer some new ground . make a statement . go down in history . now you will always be the woodsboro copycat killer . that 's lame . it 's like a bad sequel . and why woodsboro ? what about Manson , Bundy , Son of Sam ? why imitate two high school loser - ass dickhead - 1 know the guy . stu be a wussy ass wet rag and billy - jesus - what a rat-look homo -repress , mama 's boy . suddenly the newsvan door rip OPEN , a ghost masked figure lunge out grab Randy by the neck . the move be quick and precise . a hard yank and Randy be wrench back into the newsvan . the door slam shut . on dewey and gale as they run back to the newsvan . siren be hear in the distant . gale race up to find Randy nowhere . gale Randy ? Randy ? where do he go ? dewey circle the van as gale move to the slide side door . she tear it open as ... randy'' body fall out . blood everywhere . his throat slit . gale 's scream be hear all over campus . CUT to : ext . crime scene - newsvan - later yellow tape have be place around the newsvan . people have gather as Randy 's body be take out on a stretcher . Captain Tyler and sheriff hartley share frustrated face . sheriff he 's break he pattern . captain tyler they have break they pattern . sheriff you be sure about this two person thing ? captain tyler Broad daylight , a crowded movie theatre . this be too much fun for one person . different uniform whirl by . sheriff I would say we be now officially baffle . captain tyler on national television . sheriff hartley look up as reporter flock they , surround they in question . CUT to : int . library - research computer room - late afternoon a room of the library section off exclusively for computer use . it consist of thirty to forty cubicle that house computer terminal . every cubicle be full . the place be pack . sid sit at a terminal busy at work . her two police guard wander up and down the cubicle keep a eye out . close on sidney her face appear concentrate , focus . she scan the computer screen in front of she . on the monitor sid be type feverishly . suddenly , she screen start flash and beeping , freezing she word . on sidney confused , she try to make it stop but it will not . she lean back , turn to the guy next to she . a handsome young man . sidney Excuse I ? do you computer just freeze ? the guy lean over and take a look at sid 's monitor . guy ( cont 'd ) you have a instant message , that 's all . just hit alt M. sidney I be not sign on . guy someone here in the room . all the terminal be connect . the guy return to he own computer . sidney eye the screen suspiciously . she hit alt + M. a message pop up on the screen . " you're go to die tonight . " sidney freak . a muffle cry . she shoot up , look about the crowded room . he could be anywhere . the two guard take notice , rush over to she . sidney he 's here . he 's in the room right now . she point to the screen . the man instantly break up and cover the room . they start pull people from they terminal to check they screen . sidney back away from she screen , she terror grow . suddenly , it start flash and beeping again . she look around . she slowly move toward it , draw uncontrollably . she hit alt + M. another message pop up : " the police can't save you . " close on sidney' face it 's stone pale . she take a deep breath and begin to type . on the monitor the word " fuck you " appear . sid hit " send " . int . campus security station - private office - little later Captain Tyler and sheriff hartley be drilling a very subdued and cool cotton . cotton what better alibi could I have ? I be here in custody . captain tyler maybe you do not work alone . cotton yeah , that 's it . sheriff why do you attack sidney Prescott ? cotton there be no attack , we be talk . very heatedly . miss Prescott and I have a very complicated past . that 's no crime . captain tyler and the gun ? cotton I have a permit . it 's register . I have a legal right to carry it . sheriff why do you need a gun ? cotton gentlemen , you grow hysteria be not reason enough to hold I here . I have be down this road before . and unless you be go to charge I with a crime I would like to walk outta here . I have a interview at 6:00 . CUT to : int . campus security station - outer office gale sit at a table . dewey approach . he place a hand on she shoulder . they be both at a loss . gale where 's sidney ' ? dewey she 's safe . silence . dewey ( cont 'd ) how you doin ? gale not good . how you doin ? dewey not good . just then , the sheriff and Captain emerge from they office . cotton be escort out behind they . gale move to he . dewey can not we hold he ? captain tyler no , we get pressure from California State . the man practically have clemency . we can not run the risk of falsely accuse he . he have to be stand over the victim with knife in hand before we make a move . dewey what now ? on cotton he stand at a counter , signing form . gale approach . gale what 's go on , cotton ? cotton you know the story , gale . man falsely accuse , send to prison , prove innocent , release back into the real world and never trust again . want the exclusive ? gale do you do it ? she look he dead in the eye . cotton now , gale , you be so instrumental in my freedom . you be not have character doubt now , be you ? gale you have a right to be angry . cotton no , gale , I do not have any rights . you make sure of that . gale cotton , I have do nothing but help you . cotton you have do nothing but get rich off of I . how many book have you sell , gale ? you think I do not understand point and royalty and ancilliary rights ? just then , the officer behind the counter bring he he gun in a plastic bag . cotton take it out and check it over . gale be surprised to see the gun . gale do not do anything stupid , cotton . you have come to far . cotton gale , I do not know what I be do from one moment to the next . I be just take it as it come . cotton pocket the gun and head out . gale rejoin dewey and the other . captain tyler night 's come . I think its time to beef up security on the Prescott girl . gale where be she ? sheriff she be just escort to she dorm room . dewey be she safe there ? captain tyler we be go to bring she in . hide she out for a coupla day . and we be issue a campus lock - in this evening . no one be allow out after dark . dewey that do not work , sir . gale you be just isolate people . you be give the killer a blank canvas . CUT to : ext . campus - night Day turn to night and college life come to a deadly stand still as everyone observe the impose campus restriction . ext . sigma phi episilon - night the fraternity house sit dark and quiet . a young man walk up the walk to the front door . he tap on it three time and it quietly open as he 's ushere in . int sigma phi house - night - same the young man make he way down a long hallway , down a spiral staircase , through a thick basement door and into ... a raging party Music peel paint as young college student rock to deafen tune . a row of keg line one wall as a the party gear up for a drunken night ahead . derek be see with he video camera . he 's filming lois and Murphy . they talk into the camera . both tipsy chatty . lois it 's all about sisterhood . everybody think its about party and blowjob but ... murphy ... we only promote safe rubbere sex . lois ... it 's really about family and tradition ... murphy ... harmonica style be okay . lois I just love be a sister . mickey approach as derek finish up . derek thanks , lady . they take off to the keg . mickey be they aware of you not so positive portrayal of Greek life ? derek not one bit . mickey where 's sid ? derek she dumped I . mickey no way . derek yeah . mickey you freakin ? derek shrug . he 's clearly upset by it when from out of nowhere , several frat boy appear , pick mickey up , lift he over they head . everyone start cheering and clapping . fraternity jock he lavaliere . he 's dead . they carry he around the room , chanting . the frat boy abduct mickey , take he up the stair and out sight . other lookie loo 's follow . derek grab he camera and bolt . CUT to : int . sidney' dorm room - evening sidney be try to focus on homework while hallie channel surf . she find a channel . on screen , siskel a Ebert be review a movie . ebert ( from tv ) I enjoy its clever execution ... hallie we be miss the sig ep party . sidney no , hallie , not tonight . party and mass murderer do not go together . trust I . hallie no , no , I have not plan on go , it 's just mickey will be piss . hallie clearly wish she be there . siskel ( from tv ) it be just a excuse to kill young , big breast girl . I do not like it . they be review stab . hallie switch channel . there 's a knock on the door . sid answer - it 's dewey and gale . from the look on they face ... sidney someone else have be kill . CUT to : ext . delta zeta house - back yard - little later splat ! gob of gooey food go fly through the air explode perfectly all over ... mickey who stand buck naked , tie ... chain to a tree in the back yard . the yard be crowded with frat boy and sorority girl who delight in torch he . mound of syrup , egg , and other wet and slimy food be plunge upon he . fraternity jock who do you love ? mickey hallie . fraternity jock do you say " my tke brother " ? mickey no , I say hallie . more food and slime come barrel at he . a drunk lois and Murphy pull the police tape down from the previous night 's crime scene and begin to mayflower he . the crowd go crazy . int . sidney' dorm room - night hallie console sidney . dewey and gale nearby . sidney be a stone rock . it 's frightening to watch she hold it together . sidney I be fine . I wish people would stop treat I like glass . I be not gonna break . hallie it 's okay to break , girl . you shatter if you have to . sidney I would really just like to be alone . dewey the police be wait outside . they be go to take you somewhere safe . sidney dewey , there 's no such place . dewey humor I , sid . sidney start pack a overnight bag . hallie can I come with she ? sidney no , hallie , I be not gonna take you down too . I will be alright . gale sid , I will come with you . sidney but who would operate you camera ? a burn . it come out of nowhere . gale go silent . a knock at the door . dewey open to find a Police guard stand with Joel . sidney ( cont 'd ) he 's cool , remy . Joel be ushere in . he say he hello 's , move to hallie . gale and dewey move out into the hall with the guard . sid continue to pack . her face rigid . joel they get mickey . he 's be toast at the deltas . hallie I know it . shit ! I gotta get over there . joel we be under quarantine . he point to dewey who talk to gale in the hallway . hallie I be the only one who can cut he down . sidney it 's not a good idea , hallie . joel I will go with she . hallie be safe , girl . she give sidney a hug before she can object , then she and Joel race out into the hallway as dewey stick he head in . dewey sid , you should get go . he look at Joel and hallie . dewey ( cont 'd ) where be you two head ? joel ( instant cover ) hallie forget she footage at the film dept . I be gonna walk she over before it 's get too late dewey you really ... hallie I gotta have it , dewey . gale step in . gale hey , dewey ? hallie seeya , dewey . hallie and Joel race outta there before any more objection . dewey turn to gale . gale if you be truly a copycat , would not you want to emulate everything about the killer that you could ? dewey meaning ? gale he 's already gotta be a part of sid 's life . what do you know about this derek ? dewey solid alibis . he be with sidney when she be attack . gale billy have alibis too . dewey turn to sid who now stand ready in the doorway . dewey hey , I get stuff to do . but I will find you later , okay . sidney whatever . sidney 's exterior keep harden . CUT to : ext . delta zeta house - back yard - little later mickey be still tie to the tree . he 's so completely cover in harden gook it look like he 's wear clothes . the last of the crowd have leave . they have go back to the party . he stand shiver in the cold . he check the chain that hold he secure . it 's compose of several bike lock and steel twine . he 's not go anywhere . bump ! he hear a noise . he look to the nearby shrub and beyond . nothing . just a noise of the night . mickey ( whisper ) come on , hallie , baby ... CUT to : int . derek' dorm room - later a dark room . a slight disturbance at the door and it come pop open . Light from the hall flood the room as dewey and gale slip in and close the door behind they . gale ( check door ) you break the lock . dewey you break my heart . gale what be we look for ? dewey a bloody knife . a ghost mask . something like that ? gale can we turn the light on ? dewey that 's not the way it 's do . dewey pull out he flashlight and begin to search the room . he sift through drawer and a closet . dewey and it 's sexier in the dark . gale dewey , you and I would never make it . dewey maybe not . but think about the sex . as frustrated as I be ... gale ... and as lonely as I be ... dewey we would break some furniture . gale laugh at this . she reach over and pat he buttock . gale tell you what . we get through this one . and we will take out a hotel room . over here with the light . dewey point the light to a frame picture . it 's of Joel and derek - a buddy pose . she sift through some text book on the desk . dewey they be roomate . gale and Joel 's pre-med . dewey the sorority girl be gut with autopsy precision . gale shit ! it 's both of they . the first murder be to throw we - use the same name as woodsboro . but they have move on - they be get closer to sidney . they be not look for a himbry or a Tatum to kill . they be look for the new Tatum . dewey hallie ? a moment . then in a splash , they be outta there . CUT to : ext . residential STREET - minute later a squad car make it 's way down the quiet campus street . int . squad car - same sidney sit in the backseat . the two police officer ride in front . sidney where be you take I ? police guard # 1 actually , I do not know . police guard # 2 we be meeting another car that will transport you the rest of the way . police guard # 1 Safety precaution . sidney I feel like Eddie Murphy . the car come to a halt in front of a stop light . police guard # 1 we feel like Kevin costner . sidney smile at this just as the car door rip open on the passenger 's side . two hand reach in and yank Police Guard # 2 from the car . he start to cry out but it 's cut short . sid scream as the Police Guard behind the wheel struggle with he seat belt . he look up to see a ghost masked figure move around the side of the car towards he door . he reach for he gun but it 's too late . the ghost have the door open . a flash of silver and the Police Guard 's throat be slit . in the back seat sidney scream and scream , beat on the door of the car . it will not open . she 's trap like a cage animal . in the front seat the ghost pull the Police Guard from the car , then get in , behind the driver 's seat . the ghost put the car in drive and take off down the road . sidney look behind she as the guard 's dead body lay sprawle in the middle of the road . she turn to the door , beat and clawing at it . she lean back , manic , and kick at the window with she foot . no use . ext . campus drive - same the car make its way down the desert street in the backseat sidney be beyond frantic . she eye the ghost through the gate . she turn and twist look for a escape . through the window , she see approach headlight . she scream through the close window as a car pass by . sidney take notice as the car turn onto another campus street . Big , stone school building line each side of a thin , road . she eye the ghost through the rearview window . the white mask turn as hide eye bore through she . the ghost hit the gas , pick up speed . sidney look to the book bag on the seat beside she . she rip it open , rustling through it frantically . she pull book , pencil , paper ... sid grab a long , yellow no.2 pencil . she grip it hard , look to the metal grate just behind the driver 's seat . the ghost 's neck be right up against it . sid take the pencil and position it right behind the ghost 's head , ready to attack . without pause , sid ram the pencil through the grate , into the ghost 's neck . it lodge there as the ghost fall forward in pain , lose control of the wheel for a moment . the car jump the curb and slam against a building . the ghost yank the wheel , over correct . he try to bring it back to the road but do not see the lamp post that stand directly in the car 's path . the squad car make direct contact with the lamp post , slamming into it , bring the car to a crashing halt , lodging it agaisnt the building 's stone exterior . smoke rise from a bashed engine as it emit a fatal rumbling . inside the car all be still . in the backseat , sidney rise from the floorboard . she look up to see the ghost masked figure slump over the steering wheel . out . sid quickly pull herself together , look about , size up she option . she tug on the door handle . it will not budge . she look to the passenger 's side of the car . it 's flush against the building . then she notice the metal grate . the edge have be pried apart in the crash . sidney reach for it , pull on it , bend it backwards ... creak ! sid try to stifle the noise it make , all the while eyeing the ghost who remain unconscious . she create a open large enough for she to crawl through . she lift herself up and pull herself through to the ... front seat sid fall down into the seat , she eye never leave the ghost . she lay crumpled up against the smashed passenger 's door , the only sound be she own terrified breathing . she watch the ghost masked figure . his body do not move . she contemplate she next move . the only way out be through the driver 's door . after what seem a eternity , she slowly reach over with she foot and nudge the ghost . no movement . nothing . she slide across the seat towards the ghost , move to he side . she reach with she hand and push on the ghost 's shoulder . his body move , slumping back against the back of the seat . it clear space for she to pass through . she sit up on she foot , face the ghost . with she leg , she reach over he , straddle he . she lean against the steering wheel , she arm quickly reach for the door knob . honk ! her back brushes against the horn . sid tense , she face a little more than a foot from the ghost mask . he do not move . he 's completely out cold . sid push the car door open and start to slide completely over the ghost when she stop . she look to the ghost . close on her face as she fight with a decision . then , with a fierce determination , sid reach for the ghost mask . she find the edge and begin to peel the mask away when ... the ghost come to life lung forward . sidney scream , leaping , fall out the car door . outside the car bam ! sid hit the pavement hard . she lift herself up when she entire body be yanked violently backward . the ghost have hold of she foot , pull she back into the car . sidney kick and writhes break free . she hop to she foot as the ghost emerge from the car . sidney slam the car door shut . it catch the ghost , knock he backwards . sid tear off , down the street , run , burn up the pavement . CUT to : ext . film school - minute later the film school sit in the still darkness . int . hallway - same dewey and gale move down a dark and shadow hallway . thump ! they stop cold . gale ssshh ! what be that ? dewey let 's find out . dewey keep move . gale this be all too familiar . dewey over here . dewey have lead she to a door mark " lecture hall " . int . lecture hall - same the same room see earlier . a large , round room with three level of seat that shoot straight up to the ceiling . a podium stand center . video monitor hang from the ceiling in different place around the room . dewey and gale enter . if not for the red exit sign that hang over the exit door , the room would be completely dark . they move down the first level of chair to the lecturn . gale maybe they never get here . he could have take she anywhere . dewey c'mon . let 's go . click ! static ! a noise from above take they attention . they look up as a video monitor come to life . image appear . close on monitor Home - make video footage fill the screen . a movie theatre , people stand in line . the home camera zoom in to a young couple . Maureen and phil come into view . on dewey and gale gale watch the screen as dewey look around the room , search for it 's source . click ! another monitor come to life . more home shot video footage . this time of a big house . a closer look reveal it to be the chi omega sorority House . a young girl stand on the front porch talk on a portable phone . it 's cici . on gale and dewey gale Jesus Christ ! dewey he film he victim . click ! another monitor turn on . it 's Randy stand outside the newsvan with the cellular phone to he ear . click ! another monitor turn on . it 's of a man and woman back to the camera . the couple move in frame . it become apparent quick . it 's gale and dewey . as they stand in the room - live . they be be tape . close on dewey and gale gale shit ! dewey spin around . he reach for the gun he no longer carry . dewey dammit ! he look around the room , up to the two level above they . he spot a small light on the second level . he squint he eye and see a figure stand behind it . gale let 's go . dewey no , wait here . dewey hand she he flashlight and take off for the stair rise that lead to the upper level . gale no , dewey , let 's call for backup . but dewey be go , leave gale alone . she turn to the monitor to see she face in fear-stricken closeup . on the upper level dewey move fast , limping he way to the level 's edge . he approach the railing and make he way around to the shine light . he reach it , find nothing but a camera and tripod . it sit alone against the railing . dewey survey the second level . empty seat everywhere . completely bare . dewey look down to the main floor ... to gale who look up to he . gale dewey ? dewey there 's nothing . I be come down . dewey turn to leave , he eye catch a monitor that hang level with the railing . on the monitor , gale be in frame , look up at dewey , she face fear stain . she take a step forward , move out of frame , revealing the ghost who stand right behind she . dewey look down to see the ghost stand directly behind gale . dewey ( cont 'd ) watch out ! down below gale turn just in time to see the gleam of a killer 's knife as it dart out of the darkness . gale catapult , just dodging it . she move like lightning up the aisle of seat . up above dewey race for the stair , go as fast as he handicapped leg will allow . down below gale tear out the exit door , the killer right behind she . at the lecturn dewey arrive , search , look for gale . dewey ( cont 'd ) gale ! he eye the exit door as it slowly close . he move for it . int . corridor - same gale race down the hallway , eyeing the nearest door . she tear it open , disappear into ... int . SOUND stage - same gale find herself in the student studio . she stand in a huge control booth that overlook a dubbing stage . lot of glass wall and door . it have a maze quality . gale move out a side door and into a dubbing room . darkness everywhere gale stop for a second , listen as she main door creak open . and then footstep be hear , make they way towards she . gale proceed deeper into the studio . she move into a sound proof room and close the door . not see the ... ghost figure that stand behind she . she turn around and scream . she start out , but then realize he 's stand in the control booth . she 's protect by a clear , large , plexiglass window that wrap around the room . the ghost move out the side door , head she way . he disappear out of view . gale freak . she race to the door , try to secure it . there 's no lock . at the MAIN door dewey slip through quietly , try he best to be quick on he toe . through the control booth window , he immediately spot gale . inside the dubbing room gale look for object to block the door with . she drag a shelf of sound equipment towards the door . outside the dubbing room dewey move to the window . dewey gale ! gale ! she do not hear he . the room be sound proof . he beat against the glass . still , she do not turn to he . inside the dubbing room gale shove everything she can find against the door , not see or hearing dewey as he pound against the sound proof barrier behind she . she also do not see the killer that appear behind dewey . he move on he swift and focus . inside the dubbing stage gale can not take she eye off the door . her face be terrify . if she would only turn around , she would see dewey - he face terror stricken as a knife be hurl into he repeatedely . with each thrust , blood be splatter against the glass . in the control booth dewey scream for he life , catch completely off guard . he fall forward onto the control panel . suddenly , microphone feedback tear through the studio as dewey 's cry be hear throughout the stage . in the dubbing stage dewey 's death scream rip through the room . gale turn to the window to see dewey , he face smashed against it , blood smear across the glass . she move to the window , she face only inch from he . a moment as they eye meet . dewey 's life be near go . his eye reveal it . gale beat against the glass window . gale ( through tear ) nooooooo ! dewey 's body slide down , out of view . gale be mortify . she look to the killer who have already make he way through the control booth . he 's come for she . she race to the door , throw the thing away . she manage to pull the door open just enough to slide through . and she 's off and run . gale find a door and plow through it , stop only long enough to lock it . bam ! the ghost ram it from the other side but it hold . gale survey she surroundings . she 's in a storage room . she eye another door . she move through it and out into ... the hallway gale shoot down it . CUT to : ext . campus STREET - second later sidney race down the desert street . not a soul in sight . she reach a corner , move off the road and pass through a series of tree and shrub , come out onto ... ext . sorority row - same the house have long since go to sleep . the Delta Zeta House stare at sidney . light burn from within . sid go for it . ext . delta zeta front porch - same sid make she way up the front porch . she pound on the front door , scream she lung out . sidney somebodypleaseopenupsomebody ! sid waste no time , she move along the wraparound porch , beat at the window . but nothing . everybody be off party . suddenly , sid hear something . a whimpering . she turn to find Murphy and lois , lay , strewn across the end of the porch . pass out . sid run to they . sidney ( cont 'd ) oh God , help I . we have to call the police . sid kneel over Murphy , shaking she . Murphy 's eye open and she giggle . the girl be completely waste . she have no comprehension skill at all . sidney ( cont 'd ) do you have key ? I need to get inside . sid look to lois . she 's in worse shape . sidney ( cont 'd ) shit ! sid contemplate , not know what to do . she leave they , move down off the porch and around to the back of the house . she get to the back door , try it . it 's lock too . sidney check out the yard . off to the side , she spot a big tree with a ... body , lie next to it in a heap on the ground she move toward it . as sid approach she see clearly that it 's mickey . he lay on he side , curl , knee to chest , he arm still chain to the tree . sidney ( cont 'd ) mickey ? mickey ? a look of dread creep across she face . he lay there very much dead . sidney ( cont 'd ) oh God , no , mickey ... she kneel over he body just as it stir , lift up , rise . mickey 's face come into view , coat in dry funk , he eye wide . mickey sid ? Jesus , where 's hallie ? I have be here all night . sidney listen to I . we have get to get help . the killer 's here . mickey what be you talk about ? sidney he 's after I . mickey pull on he chain arm . mickey shit ! you have get to cut I down , sid . sid inspect the chain . it 's mean to hold . sidney I will be right back . mickey where you go ? sidney move to the shed that 's attach to the garage . lean against the side be a row of garden tool . sid settles on a shovel . sid return to mickey who have rise to he foot . he 's pull and twist the bike chain that bind he . sidney watch out . sid lift the shovel up and bring it down directly on the lock . it bend somewhat but stay in tact . mickey do it again . clank ! a noise behind they . they both spin around peer into the night . mickey ( cont 'd ) what be that ? sidney do not panic . sidney , determine , raise the shovel high and bring it down with great force . it crack the lock , loosen it . mickey pull on it . it will not quite give . sidney ( cont 'd ) watch out . sid raise the shovel again , unfalter . she do not see the ghost masked figure that slide down from the tree branch behind she . the figure move quickly and gracefully , come to a stance directly behind sid . mickey look up , just in time . mickey sidneywatchout ! sid turn just as the killer strike . but sid be ready . without think , she swing the shovel at the ghost , catch he mid-section , send he fly . mickey go ballistic chain to the tree . he pull , twist , squirm ... anything to free himself . the ghost rise , move on mickey . sidney see this . sidney hey . sidney distract the ghost . she take off , the ghost follow she . she move around the tree , sprinting across the yard , run smack into ... the ghost masked killer but sidney spin around as two ghost appear on each side of she . she stand thunderstruck as the two killer descend on she . she dive between the two but they counter , keep she surround . sid watch as one of the ghost withdraw he knife . she turn to the other . his knife be already poise . they close in on she , ready to strike . she look for a escape . there 's not one . bam ! suddenly , mickey appear , barrel into one of the ghost . they go sprawling across the grass . mickey run , sid ... sidney make she break , she run pass they , towards the front of the yard . mickey leap to he feat . the killer right behind he . he now find himself in sid 's predicament . he do not know where to run . the two killer 's close in on he . sidney get to the corner of the house . she stop ... she do not want to leave mickey . she turn back around just in time to see ... mickey sandwich in between the two ghost . they be knife strike at the same time . one through the stomach , the other through the back . they withdraw they knife . mickey 's body suspend , momentarily hang in the air . then collapse to a heap on the ground . both ghost turn to sid at the same time . she take off run , along the side of the house , through a row of shrub that take she to ... ext . STREET - same sid be back on the campus street , run down the middle of it . she spot a car stop at a red light half a block up . kide be inside , rock music blare . sid scream and scream but they do not hear she . she run , foot pound , toward they but the light turn green and the car take off . it 's taillight fade in the night . she turn find herself alone in a parking lot . the theatre sit in the distance . she spot someone enter the theatre . it look like hallie . sidney hallie ? but hallie do not hear she . sid race forward . CUT to : ext . campus minute later gale race down the empty campus street . she eye a emergency phone that 's attach to a street lamp . she go for it . gale rip the phone from its cradle , press the call button . voice ( from phone ) what be you emergency please ? gale someone 's try to kill I . I need the police . voice be you in danger now ? gale yes , goddammit ! voice where be you attacker ? gale I do not know . voice stay under the safety light . help be on its way . gale the safety what ? fuck that ! just then , gale hear a noise . a door open . she look up to see sidney disappear through the side theatre door . gale sidney ! but sidney have already disappear inside . gale yell into the phone . gale ( cont 'd ) fuckin ' hurry . gale throw the phone down and tear off for sidney . int . theatre same the theatre be big and old . plush chair , balcony , huge proscenium stage . sidney enter through a side house door . she pull on it , release the emeregency lock . she make she way down the aisle toward the orchestra section . sidney hello ? the stage be dark and bare with the exception of the furniture from the deathtrap set . bump ! a noise from the stage wing . sidney ( cont 'd ) hallie ? sidney move down front to the little bridge that extend out over the orchestra pit . she cross it and move to stage center , peer into the wing on either side of she . complete darkness . drip ! drip ! something drip down from above and onto sidney . she wipe it from she face when ... click ! a spot light turn on from the back of the house , illuminate sid center stage . she jump at this , unnerve . she look to she hand , cover in crimson . then out to the house ... the light be blind . clank ! a noise from above .. rope , pulley move . sid look up as a set wall come plowing down at she . she leap out of the way , fall to the floor . the wall fall into place on the stage . it be the back wall of the set that 's dress with frame picture and antique weapon and ... dewey who hang from it , pin up against the wall , very much deadk , arm outstretch , crucify . his body a bloody mess . sidney stop , stunne . she stand freeze in unspeakable horror . her entire be rip apart . she break into tear . and then ... sid back up , move , racing toward the wing when another wall fly in , sealing the backstage area off , trapping she . she look in shock at ... hallie strung up , she body hang lifeless . sid scream , turn , run to the other side of the stage when a third wall come fly in , create the three wall set of deathtrap . attach to it , be the body of Joel . Dead . blood everywhere . and then , sid hear ... clapping ! a single pair of hand from somewhere in the house ... applaud . she turn around and spot a figure move down the aisle . she can not make out who it be . sid bolt . she spot the set door up center , near dewey 's body . she go for it , rip it open to find ... cotton weary stand in the doorframe sid scream . but then see he face , he look scared . and then , cotton 's body fall forward to the floor , he arm and leg bound by electric tape . sid turn back to the front of the stage . the figure be now walk across the bridge , hold something ... a light attach to a video camera . she 's be film . sid look back to cotton who look up to she with plead eye . cotton Quick , untie I . sid be panice . she do not know what to do . she lean down to untie he but stop . voice ( from behind video camera ) you have see this movie before , have not you ? sidney look to the voice . the camera be pull away to reveal ... derek he smile at she . derek smile for the camera . sidney remain silent . cotton sid , c'mon . side back away from cotton . she do not trust either one of they . derek watch she , amused . derek go on , untie he . sidney no . this be a set up . derek that 's quick . cotton please , sidney , he 's go to kill we . derek begin filming again . derek you must be deal with some serious trust issue right about now . sidney say nothing . she egde away , move to the wall where hallie hang . derek ( cont 'd ) sidney , you can not keep you back to the audience like that . could you cheat a little forward for I ? cotton please , sidney . derek you be really stump , be not you ? you know there 's two killer but you do not know who they be . I be a give . the boyfriend . Way obvious . but now you be tear . everyone else appear to be dead . except for cotton . hmmm ? hmmm ? suddenly , hallie come to life behind sid , reach out , grab she . sid jump . she spin around to find hallie break out in a torrent of giggle . very much alive . hallie paaaaiiin ... yah , such pain ... the story of you life , sid . sidney stare in mortal shock as hallie cut herself down from the wall with a big hunt knife . derek need some help , honey . hallie I get it .. sidney 's eye go back and forth between the two . derek you should really see you face right now , sid . it 's do some freaky shit . derek 's right . sid 's face appear completely torture . hallie yeah , you look quizzical yet pensive . derek yeah , how can we help ? do you have any question regard the sequel of you life ? sidney stare they down . she 's be here before . sidney why ? derek good question . you take the bait . hallie ever see natural born killer ? well , derek and I have this whole mickey / mallory - Woody harrelson / juliette Lewis thing go on . derek I really do not like that comparison , honey . hallie ( to sid ) he hate Oliver Stone . derek I find he work overwrought . sid be wane . hallie c'mon , sid , do not fade on we . we have be plan this baby for a year . humor we . sid turn to cotton . she kneel down and begin to untie he . derek nope . you have you chance . derek dummy lunge at she with the knife . sid back off . CUT to : ext . theatre same gale approach the side theatre door . she pull on it . it 's lock . gale shit . she move down along the theatre to another door . CUT to : int . theatre a minute later hallie and derek move around sid , take turn filming she with the camera . derek we meet on the internet . hallie he send I the cutest e-mail . derek I read she posting on the horror movie chat board and fall hopelessly . hook , line ... hallie we have we own website now . we dedicated a whole page to you . derek you would I amaze at how many of we there be out there . it 's a whole world , sid . you be really popular amongst the dement . hallie you be the one who get away . derek until now . cotton you guy be fuck . hallie actually cotton , and I think critic would agree , it 's the other way around . derek poor cotton , could life be a little more cruel ? sidney you be not go to get away with this . hallie of course not . who want to ? what 's the point if we do not get catch ? where 's the glamour in that ? derek the way I see it . we will be arrest . go to prison . Cash in on the home footage . secure a book deal . if all go as plan , we trial should coincide with the release of stab ii . hallie a verdict and premiere all on the same day . I love it . derek we be hope for the death penalty . I have this whole dead man walking swan song exit plan . hallie and now , drum roll please ... derek hope you be ready , sid . we get one last surprise for you . cotton pull and twist on he bound wrist . sid have loosen they somewhat . he try to finish undoing they . hallie a twist end if you will . derek yeah , we really have we work cut out for we . it really be the curse of the sequel . the billy / stu thing 's be do . hallie ... so we have to be different but yet the same because if you venture to far away from you orginal story you completely alienate the audience ... derek and we do not want to do that , sid . we want to give you you money 's worth . hallie so we find a compromise . derek or it find we . hallie we have a surprise guest star wait in the wing . derek just for you , sid . hallie wait a sec , derek . we forget to flip . derek reach in he pocket for a coin . derek oh yeah . ( to sid ) we figure the one of we that actually kill you will get a little more press . it 's be a ongoing discussion . ( to hallie ) head or tail ? hallie tail . he flip the coin . derek shit ! you win . in the auditorium gale emerge from the lobby . she find a way in . she eye the proceedings on stage . she see sidney stand over cotton . and then hallie and derek on either side ... knife in hand . she race down the aisle . gale sidney ! on stage they all turn , spot gale . sid move forward , happy to see she . sidney gale ! in the auditorium gale move down the aisle , not sure what 's go on . on stage sidney move down center . derek cut she off just as ... the curtain drop gale glimpse the terror on sidney 's face just as the curtain separate they . on stage derek grab sidney , hold she , the knife at she throat . hallie it 's about time she show up . in the auditorium gale move to the exit door and into the ... int . stair well same gale eye a door that 's mark " stage door " . she open it and step in come face to face with a ... a large automatic revolver gale 's eye move down the end of the gun to find ... debbie salt stand , lip purse . debbie salt hello , gale , we have be wait for you . gale 's face be a mass of confusion . int . stage same derek release sidney , shove she , she fall to she knee , next to cotton . close on cotton' hand sidney okay , look , you guy - I applaud you methodical expertise but I have a question . what 's go to happen after I die ? I think the heroine be suppose to live . hallie not this time . hallie move in on she . derek yeah , we be try to send a message to Hollywood . I be really get tired of all the happy ending . it 's just not reality . in the real world the good guy die , the innocent be punish , and the murderer inherit the earth . sidney but nobody want to see that . it will never go . they will rewrite you . you do not want that . hallie oh , sid , you be sounding desparate . I guess fear death make one anxious . sidney you fuck freak out movie nut psychos ... voice ( off camera ) do not blame the movie , sid . movie do not create pyschos . sid stop dead in she track as this word still she very soul . the Voice come from the wing . they all turn as gale weather appear . behind she , with gun in hand , be Debbie Salt . derek grab the camera . he do not want to miss a second . debbie salt do not you know that by now ? it 's about family . it all start at home . it start with the father ... and the mother . sidney mouth drop , she face aghast , as she look to Debbie Salt . she recognize she immediately . sidney Mrs. loomis ? gale stop cold . gale what ? sidney oh my God . gale turn to Debbie Salt . gale Jesus . it can not be . hallie told you we have a guest star . do not see that come , do you ? derek everything 's take on a hyper - reality , have not it ? gale you be billy 's mother ? debbie salt I could not believe you do not recognize I . you even interview I for you book . gale you be all in this together ? derek we have to have financing . hallie tuition 's expensive . sidney why Mrs. loomis ? debbie salt where should we start ? you mother ruin my marriage by sleep with my husband . you ruin my family by kill my son . gale aire it to the world . should I go on ... be not that enough ? gale Jesus , you be just as whacked as you son . debbie salt where do you think he get it ? mental illness be heriditary . who do you think incourage he to kill you mother ? he be a smart kid but child need parental guidance . sidney be completely horror stricken . she stand in total disbelief . derek yeah , she 's be great , sid . we never would have be able to it without she . Debbie Salt / Mrs. loomis look to both derek and hallie , smile . debbie salt and I could not have do it without you two . now who win the coin toss ? hallie raise she hand . hallie I do . Debbie point the gun at she , quickly , simply ... and fire . sid and gale scream as a bullet through the forehead send hallie fly back against the flat wall . her body drop to the floor . Dead . derek drop the camera , completely take back . he look to Debbie . derek what be you ... Debbie turn the gun on he . fire again . derek move , the bullet catch he in the stomach . he drop to he knee . Debbie fire again . derek take another bullet . this time drop . very dead . his body fall near cotton who have remain suspiciously quiet through this ordeal . he eye derek 's knife that now lay near he wrist . sidney and gale turn to Debbie in complete horror . debbie salt Nice kid but a little out there . gale what be you go to do ? debbie salt finish what my son start . gale but you will never get away with it . debbie salt enter cotton weary . cotton look up . debbie salt ( cont 'd ) think about it . a innocent man wrongly accuse . spend time in prison where he just sit with he righteous anger , wait , plan he revenge . his life so incomprehensively ruin he 's force to take revenge on the people responsible . it 's perfect . cotton no ... not again . debbie salt sorry , cotton . I guess you be just mean to be a killer . sidney you will never get away with this . Debbie move to cotton , shrugging . debbie salt who would you like to shoot first , cotton ? just then , cotton lean up , freed from he binding . with the knife in hand , he lunge for Debbie Salt . it strike she , lodging into she chest . she go back . cotton do not stop , he stab she again and again . she go down . Dead . gale thank God . gale rush to cotton as he jump to he foot . she help he with the last of he binding . sid look about at the body count on stage . it 's mount . she take a deep breath . relieved . gale ( cont 'd ) God , cotton , what a nightmare . I be so sorry . cotton yeah ... gale give he a hug . close on cotton' face gale thank you . he hug she back . she do not see as he rise the knife behind she , bring it down in one swift , maniacal move . gale 's body jerk , a moment of shock and then she go limp as the knife lodge in she back . sidney turn just in time to see cotton toss gale 's body down into the orchestra pit . he turn , face sidney . the bloody knife in hand . sidney nooo ! cotton move to derek 's body where the video camera lay , he pull the tape from it . cotton it 's perfect , sidney . no one will ever suspect I . I have proof . I be the victim . sidney please , cotton , do not do this . he hold up the video cassette . murder in he eye . cotton I get my revenge and make some fast cash . sidney it 's over , cotton . cotton not until you be dead . cotton lunge for she . sid tear off , slip through the set door to ... backstage sid run to the rear of the stage . she move in the narrow space that exist between the scrim and the back wail . she race down it . she almost reach the end when cotton rip through the scrim ! sidney duck , bypass he . she come to the stage door . it 's lock . she turn , see the metal ladder that 's attach to the wall . it lead to the catwalk above . sid go for it . she climb up the ladder with lightning speed . cotton , up and run , be close behind . int . catwalk same the catwalk sit above the open fly space where flat and a large chandelier be store in the air . sid reach the top and take off run down to the end . and that be as far as i've gotten . what happens be sid and cotton fight to the finish , he chase her through hanging flat , then down the fly rail , back to the stage . sid get find a knife and stab cotton . he stab her back . they fight , continuing to stab each other until they both drop CENTER stage . they lay next to each other , neither able to move . there eye slowly close . the end ( for now )