scream 3 - early draft ehren kruger 2nd draft - revised may 2 , 1999 fade in : a big dramatic crescendo as we -- OPEN on : ext . hollywood freeway - sunset - aerial Friday night traffic as usual . thing appear to be back up all the way to the valley . a cacophony of car horn rise up on the soundtrack as we slowly dissolve into : int . ford explorer - night a new 99 ' explorer sit in the midst of the gridlock . behind the wheel be hot teen heartthrob and Hollywood everybody BEN damon . Ben be handsome , studly , in he early 20 . however , aside from be just another pretty face in the city of angel he 's also a cocky , arrogant prick . Ben 's in the middle of a heat argument on he cell with he agent , Cathy . BEN ( into cell ) God dammit Cathy I have no time for this crap ! I be suppose to be at the premiere of stab 2 right now , arm and arm with my girlfriend cause she 's get a bit part in that over advertise piece of shit and I be just go to humor she . you mena to tell I that in all you squandering the best you can do for I be a bit role in stab 3 : return to woodsboro ?! come on ! it 's just another cheap slasher flick ! how dare you offer I such a role ! I have do Shakespeare ! I have work with director like depalma and scorcesse and you offer I this crap ?! it 's insulting . I should fire you and go to icm . cathy ( o.s. ) ( off phone ) Ben , I will not sit around and listen to you bad mouth I ! without I you would have never get as famous as you be today . the least you can do be show I a little god damn respect . BEN ( into phone ) you want respect , Cathy ? here 's you respect . fuck you ! you be fire . ( Ben hang up ) unfuck believable . Ben sock the steering wheel out of frustration . the horn blare uncomfortably . BEN stab 3 : return to woodsboro . pah . what 's next , Friday the 13th part 15 : jason doe broadway ? Ben 's phone ring . he answer it . BEN ( into phone ) what 's up , b.d. with the b.d . woman' voice ( off phone ) hardly as large as I would like it to be . BEN christine ? christine ( o.s. ) no , Jennifer Love hewitt . of course it 's I , silly . and I feel like a ass stand in this theater lobby all by myself . where be you babe , the movie start in twenty minute . BEN look , I be stick on the freeway . I think there be some big accident . it could be a little while so I do not want you to start freaking if I do not get there at exactly , ( check watch ) eight thirty . christine ( o.s. ) all I be say be I be gonna be royally p.o. would if you do not catch my act debut . BEN ( put up faux - enthusiasm ) oh I would not miss it for the world . I bet you do such a great job . christine ( o.s. ) I do . hon , although I get a total of six minute screen time , they be the best six minute of the movie . BEN heh heh I bet they be babe . I bet they be . look , my battery 's die . . . but of course , we notice Ben 's battery be fine , he 's just try to cut the conversation short . christine ( o.s. ) alright hon , talk to you when the light go down . Ben smile . BEN sure thing . Ben hang up . he recline back in he seat . camera slowly pan out the windshield revealing the huge traffic pile up await he . he 's not go anywhere . close on glove compartment . Ben open the glove compartment . paper scatter out . Ben reach for a card . close on card - a small white business card : 1-900 -wet-4-cock Ben smile , begin to dial out when suddenly , ring ring ! the cell come to life in he hand . BEN ( startle ) jesus. ( answer call ) hello ? voice hello . BEN who be this ? voice who be this ? at this point we know who the caller be . it 's the nightmarish deep voice we have all come to know and hate from the first two film . it 's never sound so evil . so sexy . BEN well what number be you try to reach ? voice I do not know . BEN I think you get the wrong number , buddy . voice do I ? BEN ( peeve ) uh-huh . look bro , my battery be run out . really wish I could chat , but I can not so , later . voice wait , wait . do not hang up . BEN ( angrily ) asshole , can not talk . voice but you voice sound so familiar . Ben smile . BEN do it now ? voice you almost sound like that guy from there's something about carrie . ben. Ben damon . BEN ( smile profusely ) well ya get I . that 's I . I be Ben damon . voice really ? you be such a talented actor . BEN ( love the praise ) thanks . voice now let 's see you act you way out of this one . the voice seem to have change tone . it now sound a lot harsh , angrier if you will . BEN what do you mean ? voice I mean , I be stand right outside the lady room door at the plaza theater . you girlfriend christine be in there . she 's all alone . everyone 's in the auditorium wait for the film to start . ( laugh coldly ) I have get my knife . * note : at this point we intercut shot of the empty lobby and hall of the plaza theater . a Pov shot stand outside the lady room door . BEN ( turn pale ) listen you sick fuck , be this you idea of a joke ? voice more of a game really . BEN what kind of a game ? voice you seem to be familiar with the stab movie . here 's how we play . I ask you a question . you get it right , you girlfriend life . you answer wrong , she die . BEN I swear to God if you lay a finger on she I will fuck kill you ! voice maybe so , but right now , we play the game . first question , you girlfriend 's count on you , name you girlfriend 's character in stab 2 ? Ben groan . he bang he head against the steering wheel , if only he would have pay attention to christine he might have know this . voice come on . do not you know ? BEN ( hesitate ) it 's cici ! cici 's the name of the character she play in the movie ! voice very good . now we play round 2 . BEN what ?! but I do everything you say to do ! voice that 's right . and you beat round 1 . now we be take the game to a whole new level . meet I beneath the Hollywood sign in ten minute . I will have you girlfriend . we will be wait . BEN what ?! voice good bye ben. click . the killer hang up . Ben flip open the phone , dial 911 . ringing and then . . . recorded message ( off phone ) due to the high volume of call this evening , dispatch be temporarily shut down . if this be not a real emergency please call another dep - Ben hang up , dial christine 's number . ringing , then -- voice you be not play by the rule Ben . do not you want she to live ? BEN I swear to God if you lay one hand on she ! voice no ! you listen to I , if you be not where I want you in fifteen minute I will hollow she out . do you understand ? in the b.g. we hear christine 's horrific scream . the killer hang up . Ben look ahead , traffic be pick up . he put the suv into gear , peel out the nearest open , narrowly avoid collision . his car screech down the off ramp . CUT to : ext . hollywood hill - night Ben come screeching around the corner in he ford explorer . tire smoking . spark fly . the hollywood sign stand like a impending pall in the await b.g. CUT to : ext . hollywood sign - night the suv come to a screeching halt alongside the hilly , narrow road . Ben jump out of he car , cell phone in hand . he look up at the tower sign stand ahead of he , contemplate . do he really wanna go up there ? he look into he suv , get a idea . the back -- -- be open . Ben reach in look for a weapon . a old beach chair . not gonna do the trick . a pair of old shoe . nope . then he find it , a louisville slugger with " actor at bat for brain cancer " write across it . BEN ( to himself ) thank God I decide to do some community service . Ben take the bat , close up the back of the suv . he begin to walk towards the sign when suddenly -- he cell ring . Ben answer the call . BEN ( into phone ) yeah . voice very good . you follow direction well . now for the final part of the game . put down the bat and approach the sign , slowly . Ben make a disgust face , toss the bat into the bush . he approach the sign , keep he eye train in all direction . BEN ( into phone ) where be you ? voice closer than you think . BEN ( into phone ) alright I be here . what the fuck do you want from I ? voice to see you reaction . BEN reaction to what ? Ben pass under the huge , pallid " h " in the sign . what seem at first like a gentle raindrop , bead down Ben 's forehead . he roll back he head , he leg turn to jelly , he eye widen in horror . BEN ohmygod ! no ! christine -- have be gut from neck to groin . she have be fastened to the cross - bar in the " h " with heavy rope . her lifeless body sway ever so gently in the Southern California wind . utterly horrify , Ben stagger into the shadow , not see -- the ghost as he rise from the void , knife in hand . in one quick , brutal stab , the knife be drive into Ben 's spine . Ben scream as he 's turn around , face to face with he attacker . BEN ( scream ) but i'm the killer in stab 3 ! the ghost you just lose the role Ben . consider this you parting gift . and with that , the ghost drive the bloodstain knife into Ben 's heart , cause a vicious eruption of crimson . CUT to : title card . " scream 3 " OPEN on : ext . total entertainment set - day gale weather , the flashy thirty - something news anchor and author of the woodsboro murder . she sit behind a desk on the really ditzy , loud set for total entertainment , a ET style program with a live studio audience . gale good morning Hollywood . and today officially start the summer movie season . open the box office this week be Jeff bridge and Tim robins in Arlington Street , Eugene levy and Jason bigg in american pastry , and Tori spell and David schwimmer in stab 2 , base off my best sell book the windsor murder . camera pan across the audience . many of they be dress as the ghost . a sea of white scream face . very eerie and unsettle . gale well I see a lot of the audience have dress to the occasion . today we have director of the upcoming stab 3 : return to woodsboro , Roman bridger . why do not we give Mr. bridger a nice welcome to the set of total entertainment . the crowd go wild with applause and faux - knife slashes as roman bridger , ravishingly handsome , 29 , tall and stocky , enter stage dress in a flashy white suit . he sit down on a chair beside gale 's desk , place a stab 3 coffee mug beside gale 's hand . roman good morning gale . pleasure to be here . gale it 's a pleasure to finally meet you , Roman . roman ( address audience ) well it 's a honor to be here amongst so many fan of the genre . and I must say that any of you worried that Jerry rapp , or Tori or David not return to complete the stab trilogy , have no fear , Roman be here . aid with my excellent cast of newcomer I believe we be go to pull off one of the best stabs yet . gale Roman , from you enthusiasm it certainly seem that way . ( a beat ) honestly though , ( smile ) tell we , what 's you favorite scary movie ? roman ( a long pause ) honestly , my life . a eclectic hush fall over the crowd . Roman appear somewhat sinister in this light . gale gaze deeply into Roman 's eye . gale you life ? roman well if you be in my shoe , deal with that big time sunrise Studio producer like I do on a daily basis , you would watch how quick you life go from a Walt Disney picture to a tobe hooper flick . Roman smile . the true costume horror film buff in the audience break into applause . gale , somewhat distract , other what not caring what this second rate director have to say , gaze at a costume individual at the far corner of the set , watch from a half - open exit door . now it could be just she imagination run away with she and she atmosphere but it almost appear as if the figure be pantomime slitting he throat with a gleam blade . a loud buz o.s. gale be startle out of she skin . she look up at a sign hang over the stage . the word " commercial break " be illuminate in flash red light . gale sigh , look back to the exit . the ghost be go . she turn to Roman . gale would you excuse I for a moment ? roman ( smile ) sure . gale bolt for -- int . backstage - total entertainment set - day gale race around the corner of the set , smash right into - detective MARK kincaid , l.a.p.d. mid-thirty . handsome with pierce eye . he grab gale by she shoulder , shepherd she aside . gale Jesus Christ you scared the shit out of I . detective kincaid I be sorry miss weather . allow I to introduce myself , MARK kincaid , l.a.p.d. ( flash badge ) be you familiar with the actor Ben damon , or the actress christine perkin ? gale well I interview damon once for the show . he be a real obnoxious fuck . any way , the second one , christine Perkins , she have a part in stab 2 , do not she ? she be play cici . detective kincaid both of they be find brutally murder this morning under the Hollywood sign . autopsy report have come back to I yet but the body look like something out one of the stab film . gale so be that why you be here ? be that why you be hold I from my show , to tell I about some brutal homicide I be not even involved in ? detective kincaid I wish that be all miss weather , but there 's more . the killer leave a note . gale a note ? detective kincaid reach into he back pocket , pull up a newspaper clipping in a ziplock evidence bag . he hold the bag up for gale to see . extremely close on the article . . . " maureen prescott , mother and wife , found brutally rape and murdered in bedroom " . a b/w photo of sidney 's mother Maureen stand hauntingly before the camera . gale ( o.s. ) that 's sidney Prescott 's mother . detective kincaid ( o.s. ) there 's more . kincaid flip the article over . someone have scrawle in black marker across the back " sidney " . detective kincaid I have try to get in touch with sidney Prescott , but she 's keep herself very well hide . you be my one and only hope in find she . her life may be in grave danger . gale I would love to help , really I would not mind be slice at again by a maniacal psychopath , but I honestly do not know where sidney be . after Windsor she drop off the face of the Earth . the only other person that might know be , ( gale hesitates ) , not go to talk . detective kincaid and who would that be ? CUT to : ext . sunrise studio back lot - day a red BMW convertible speed through the back lot . behind the wheel be dewey rielly . former Police Officer , turn technical advisor on the red hot set of . . . stab 3 : return to woodsboro . all around the lot be promotional banner and poster for the film . dewey park he car outside a soundstage , exit . CUT to : int . stab 3 set - day a huge replication of woodsboro in a building about the size of a airplane hanger . in one corner we have get the macher and Prescott home . in another corner stand the infamous becker house where the nightmare all begin . in other region be sight like the town Square and market , a exterior for the woodsboro Police Station , a top story news van , etc . dewey , enter set , bump into he movie alter- ego -- tom prinze , a Hollywood poster boy . very cool . not so debonair . a shoddy copy of dewey at best . however , the conversation between the two be friendly , and they exchange greeting . tom hey Dew , do you hear ? dewey no , what ? tom somebody iced Ben damon and he girlfriend . dewey that 's Hollywood Tom . one day you be make movie in the hill , the next day you be pose for the coroner downtown on a slab . dewey 's obviously get a lot colder since the last film . he walk past a clique of stab 3's MAIN cast : there 's : sarah darling : 30 , play a 25 year old bimbo . very hot . very blonde . ample cleavage . angelina tyler : 20 . extremely nadve look . she win she part in stab 3 play sidney through a phone in radio contest . she 's timid , with short dark hair . out of the entire cast , she be the closet to sidney , they get . and also the loveable tyson jackson : late 20' , African - american , all attitude . the three flip through page of the stab 3 script , converse freely about the production . sarah goddamnit I be get so feed up with this re-write . it 's like every five minute there 's a new script . God , and you just know this all because of stab 2 's script wind up on the internet two month after it wrap shoot . tyson and still the film be number one at the box office this weekend . beat out american pasty and Arlington Street . angelina I think Jeff bridge be get tired . tyson Nah I think it 's do so damn well because one of it 's player get iced . I just hope none of we end up dead . angelina oh that 's right . that poor poor people . God Ben damon be such a hottie . tyson ( sigh ) and that cici chick be not that bad either but I be really concerned about my safety now . sarah what be you talk about ? the murder be a completely isolate incident . tyson ( read from script ) scene 32 . int . candy live room - night . " what be you talk about ricky , the murder be a completely isolate incident " . sarah would you give that script a rest ? it 's like a friggen umbilical cord to you . tyson I be just say , though . what if there 's someone out there stalking actor ? huh ? then what ? angelina there 's always someone out there stalking actor . look at that woman from the commish . tyson melinda mcgraw ? angelina no , the other one . the one who play he wife . sarah I know who you be talk about . Rebecca something . angelina yeah I think . anyway , point be , she have a stalker . sonny bono have a stalker . David letterman have one too . so do Heather langenkamp , brooke sheild , jody Foster , -- tyson listen miss ingénue , you cheer I up to much , give it a break . Tom walk into frame , sit down next to angelina , subtly put he arm around she . she shove he away . tom what ? what would I do ? relax you crack sweetheart I do not rip that two fuck up last night . jeez. ( light up a smoke ) so what be you do tonight ? totally repulse , angelina get up , race off set . tom talk about moody . Tom lean back seductively , he crotch in full view , stare at Sarah with bedroom eye . tom and how about you good look ? get any plan for later ? sarah eww yeah , find a guy to have sex with that do not look like you . Sarah , follow suit laid by angelina , scamper off set . Tom look up at tyson , smoke blow out he nostril . tyson oh no . I be not into that shit . tyson race off set . Tom laugh , cover he face . CUT to : detective kincaid and gale . they walk through the set . gale 's mesmerize . kincaid be all business . gale déjr vu-do . the pair come to a halt on the driveway of what be suppose to be the macher residence . everything from the smashed beer bottle in the garage , to the boat on the driveway be mimick to a perfect to even a foam dummy of tatum rielly dangle from the doggy door , head squash a bloody mess . gale stare at the sway dummy , haunt . voice ( o.s. ) well well , someone die and gale weather come run . what a shock . gale look up . dewey stand beside she . detective kincaid Mr. rielly ? my name be Mark kincaid . I be with the l.a.p.d . be you aware of last night 's event ? dewey yeah . a real tragedy . dewey stare dagger through gale . there be a real bitter coldness between the two . gale dewey , personal life and past aside , this be about sidney . we need to know where she be . dewey what so you can just exploit she again with another book ? sid do not need you gale . gale ( to kincaid ) show he . detective kincaid Mr. rielly , this be find alongside the body of Ben and he girlfriend . kincaid hand dewey the ziplock clipping . dewey examine it , he fear slowly grow . dewey I promise sid I would keep she in seclusion . I promise she nobody would ever find she . if you do not mind detective , I would like to approach she with this on my own and see what she would like to do about it . kincaid nod . detective kincaid that 's fine Mr. rielly , but if anyone else should die , I be go to have to get a warrant . dewey understood . ( a beat ) if you will excuse I detective . ( coldly ) gale . dewey walk off camera . kincaid put he hand on gale 's shoulder . detective kincaid I be go to have a little chat with the producer . do not wander off . I may need you . gale nod as kincaid disappear into the backdrop of the set . a shrill voice o.s . woman ( o.s. ) gale weather ! oh my God ! Jennifer jolie , a ambitious young starlet , play gale in the latest stab , rush towards she , with arm wide open . she 's deck out in the flashy neon green ensemble gale wear in the first film and even sport a fake shiner on she right eye . gale be obviously piss . she know this actress and do not really want to be in she company very long . gale shit . Jennifer listen , I know we have never meet , and I do not mind you never return my call , but I have to tell you that after two film I feel like I be in you mind . gale well , that would explain my constant headache . Jennifer ( defensively ) you know I be sorry that thing do not work out on ' 60 Minutes ii ' , but ' total entertainment ' that 's a pretty good fall back . gale thank you . I be sorry that thing do not work out with Brad Pitt , but be single , that 's a pretty good fall back . Jennifer give I more time for my work . after all , gale weather , you be such a complex character . gale and to be play by a actress with such depth and range . dewey step back into the picture , cell phone in hand . dewey no answer at sid 's . where would the detective go ? jennifer ( excitedly ) dewey ! gale stare at the couple , just processing thing in she head . Jennifer ( fondle dewey 's butt ) gale , I think you will really appreciate my character work in this one , someone 's help I understand the real you . gale someone ? Jennifer the ruthless ambition , you private self - loathing , and that lose and lonely little girl inside . gale lose and lonely what ? Jennifer you hear I . ( take dewey 's cellular ) thanks dewey . I will return it . gale lose and lonely what ? dewey Little girl inside . gale I think you be suppose to be in woodsboro ! dewey well , I be surprised you think about I at all . listen I gotta get back to try to get hold of sid. besides , she 's more important than you ever be . gale wait ! dewey we can work on this together ! as a team ! like in the past ! dewey no really gale , that 's a sweet offer , but this time I would like to catch the killer before the body count get any higher . ( a beat ) toodle . dewey walk away leave gale alone . kincaid enter frame , talk to two producer . the elder , sixty - five year old buddy shayne , a tower , hefty man with gray hair . the second , bigwig horror producer JOHN milton , a creepy fifty - something with penetrate eye and a menace demeanor . the two talk , ignore gale the entire time . she 's almost eavesdropp on they conversation . milton I can assure you that security on the set will be at a all time high . again , the death be sheer tragedy . detective kincaid well , I would hate to see the production shut down . ( laugh ) I myself be a big stab fan . buddy really ? ( smile ) have you ever think about act ? you have get just the right face . detective kincaid I be kind of dedicated to my job . although I do enjoy take act class on my weekend . I grow up around this studio anyway . I know my way around . my uncle be a screenwriter for paramount . milton really , what be he name ? before kincaid can finish , gale but in . gale Excuse I detective , I think we have some business to attend to . milton ( flabbergasted ) gale weather ?! what be you do here ? no press on the set ! ( to security ) no press , no press on set ! get that woman out of here . security gaurd ( approach ) yes , Mr. milton . detective kincaid no , Mr. milton , miss weather be with I . milton nod he head , flag down the guard . he walk away . milton well then , I guess I will be leave then . gale oh come on ! why the hostility ? milton listen lois Lane , I love you show and all but last month I happen to catch you little segment on I and how my wife leave I because I be a sex addict who enjoy screwing fifteen year old girl . it be a real eye opener my lawyer be still think about bring to you superior 's attention . gale ( shit-eate smile on she face ) they be the one who approve it . milton storm off camera , buddy follow close behind . gale look up at kincaid . gale alright kincaid , no where to ? detective kincaid I go to the police station and do my job , and you go back to be gale weather . gale oh . I think you want I to stick around . detective kincaid look , miss weather , if there 's a problem , give I a call . here 's my card . I be always there . kincaid hand gale he card , begin to walk out of the building . gale shit . can I even get a ride home ? CUT to : int . sidney' bedroom - night sidney prescott , the stoic , survivor . now 24 , she lie peacefully in bed , she black lab pete curl up in a ball at she foot . a noise startles the animal awake . it set off the bed bark hysterically at -- the bedroom window sidney -- --awaken . she squint she eye to try and make out what she dog be go into conniption over . then she see , and she face lose any trace of color . maureen prescott' ghostly wraith be press up against the window . she 's wear a tatter , blood soak night shift . her voice be mute but she lip be move as if try torelay a message to sidney . sid 's hysterical cry . she slidesoff she bed , make she way towards the window when suddenly -- maureen slide down the glass , as if be pull by somethingbeneath the window sill . something we do not see . . . yet . sidney ( cry ) Mom ! Left behind in she wake be five bloody streak run downthe glass . the streak begin to bleed , as if each wound themselves . they bleed right through the glass . sidneyreach out to touch they when suddenly -- the ghost spring up behind the window , shatter the glass panewith he fist . sidney scream -- awakening in bed from her nightmare . her dog 's bark wildly . the window be fine . sid crawl out of bed , disappear out of the room . CUT to : int . side bathroom - night sid 's wash up at the sink . she wipe the tear from she eye . she shut off the run water , look up into the mirror . her demeanor definitely show the ware and tear of all that 's happen to she in she past . close on sidney' wrist . two ugly scar run up sid 's wrist . Battle scar of a war wage between she own personal demon if you wish . former suicide attempt former engrave on time . CUT to : ext . sid be house - night sid 's house be deep within the Napa Valley . seclude amongst verdant vineyard and orchard that be now cover by thedarkness of night . a full moon hang ominously in the sky above . a light burn from within the two story farmhouse . a phone dial out rise in pre-lap as we -- CUT to : int . sid be office - night sid sit in a cluttere office . on the wall hang a poster forthe fall of troy ( she play from scream 2 ) and a poster proclaim women' rights with california women' crisis center write beneath that . a three -ring binder with a cover boast california women' crisis CENTER be throw open . the phone -- sid put on a headset , dial a number . ringing . sidney ( into headset ) this be Laura in monterey report in for work . operator ( o.s. ) alright Laura I will patch you right in to a call . sidney thanks . a click . a woman 's voice come on the other line . it sound very familiar . woman ( o.s. ) hello ? sidney yes , hi I be Laura , I be a train counselor . how can I help you . woman ( o.s. ) Laura I think I just kill somebody . sidney be you sure ? woman ( o.s. ) uh-huh I be sure . I have kill someone ! oh my GOD i've actually kill someone ! sidney well then the people you need to call be the police . woman ( o.s. ) no I need to call you . just you . sidney I be sorry , you voice . woman ( o.s. ) do not you want to know how you can help , sidney ? ( a beat , sid go blank ) be you listen to I , huh ? sidney who the fuck be this ? woman ( o.s. ) it 's mother , sidney , now be a good girl and turn on the news . do it ! sid reach for the remote control , flip on a small tv lie across the office . on the tv -- a reporter stand with the hollywood sign in the b.g. reporter the mutilate body be discover late last night by the l.a.p.d , prominent actor Ben damon be slate for a role in the upcoming stab 3 : return to woodsboro -- sidney shut off the tv as a familiar voice cut through the din : voice do you think it 's over sidney ? do you ? sidney w- what do you want ? voice I want to finish what I start . I want to finish the game . sidney you sick fuck I be trace this call as we speak ! the police be gonna nail you ass ! voice ( laugh coldly ) let they try . you will never find I . I have already get away with murder before . for instance , Maureen Prescott . sidney ( tear welling ) no . you do not kill my mother . billy loomis and stu macher do . voice heh . so you think sidney . so you think . it 's all be building up to this sid. every stab . every scream . every ounce of blood that 's be spill have all be lead up to this moment . welcome tothe final act . sidney the final act ? well let 's play asshole ! voice no . we play in my court this time . come to Hollywood . stab 3 's go to cut corner cast - wise . and I have get my eye set on a technical advisor name dewey rielly . the killer laugh coldly . sidney wane . sidney ( cry ) if you lay a hand on he I will fuck kill you ! voice great . a spirite one . I will be see you real soon sidney . Real soon . click . the killer hang up . sid 's leave tremble . she rip the headset out of the phone , reach into she desk for a load . 38 special . she stand up , and peer out she office window . sidney' p.o.v . - the dark , ominous night . CUT to : ext . sunrise studio - night Sarah darling drive through the main gate in she porshe , round a corner . ext . stab 3 production office - night Sarah park outside the production office , get out of she car . killer be p.o.v - watch from the rooftop , Sarah approach the dimly light office . CUT to : int . stab 3 production office - night Sarah step into the office . it 's desolate . Silent . all over the place be promotional item ( standee , poster , banner ) for stab 1 - 3 . Sarah pass a big cardboard ghost . sarah stab 3 . oh God I have gotta get myself a better agent . Sarah walk down a hallway . sarah ( call out ) anybody home ? Sarah pass Roman bridger 's office . it 's half -open . sarah doubt that . ( door slam shut o.s. ) anyone here ? Sarah continue further down the hall when suddenly -- tyson come reeling out of a doorway , a huge knife jutting out he back , blood trickle down he mouth . Sarah let out a bloodcurdle scream while tyson break into hysterics . tyson Stan ! my man do great work . Stan , a bearded , middle age make - up effect guy step out behind tyson , slap he a high - five . stan thank you . thank you very much . sarah fuck you very much ! tyson go to hell ! what the hell be you do here ? where 's Roman ? tyson Roman and everybody else go home for the night . I be here for a make - up test . sarah make-up . you need it . ( a beat ) hey , Roman be not here ? tyson no . sarah damn . he call my roommate and tell she he have some important thing he want to go over with I in he office tonight . stan ( jokingly ) yeah I bet . Stan pantomime the " blow job " gesture . tyson laugh , slap he another high - five . Sarah make a disgust face as the two man leave the office . Sarah sigh , duck into Roman 's office . int . roman' office - night Roman 's office be a clutter of old movie memorabilia . Sarah plop down behind Roman 's desk , admire he old transformer toy and two brass music video award . Sarah examine the award . sarah ( read inscription ) for the honorary field of direct and cinematography in music video . how to the point . the phone ring scare the shit out of Sarah . she drop the award , cause it to smash against the edge of the desk , snap the head clean off . Sarah hesitates , answer the call , put it on speaker phone . sarah oh shit . ( into phone ) hello ? director 's office . roman Sarah , it 's Roman , I be sorry I be run late , I be still on the 405 , I be about 10 minute away . sarah oh it 's no problem , I be just ... look at you music video award . Sarah try fix the award with some scotch tape . roman all right , since I get you on the phone , let 's talk about you character . sarah what character ? I be candy , the chick who get kill second . I be only in two scene ! roman you be not happy with you part . sarah I be not happy that I be 35 play a 21 year old . I be not happy that I have to die naked ! and I be not happy that my character be too stupid not to have a gun in the house after she boyfriend 's be cut into McNuggets . roman um hmm ... umhmm great , so let 's run the line . sarah huh , fine . roman page 22 , candy 's big moment . sarah page 22 .. Ring ring . hello ? roman hello . sarah who 's this ? roman who 's this ? sarah this be candy . hang on , let I get some clothes . see ! I do not ' understand why I have to start the scene in the shower ! the whole shower thing be do , ' vertigo ' hello ! and I mean , my boyfriend just die , why be I shower ? roman why do not we just read the scene ? candy , be that like candy cane or candy apple ? sarah whatever . come on , who be this ? I think you have the wrong number . roman but you know my favorite name ? sarah I be hang up right now . roman it 's Sarah . sarah Roman that 's not the line . roman it be in my script . sarah have there be another goddamn rewrite ? how the fuck be we suppose to learn we line when there 's a new script every 15 minute ? roman it 's not just a new script , it 's a new movie . sarah what ? what movie ? roman my movie . a pause , then a familiar dark nature noise enter we ear , the killer 's sinister voice . voice it 's call , Sarah get slice like a fuck pig . still in character , Sarah ? Sarah toss down the phone , bolt out of the office . int . hallway - night Sarah stop in she track . through the smoke glass of the front door she see a shape approach . she scream , spin around , run for the prop room . int . prop room - night Sarah lock the door , back up right into -- a army of ghost ! at least thirty ghost costume dangle from hook on costume rack . Sarah catch she breath , dive into one of the rack . she pull up she cell phone , start to dial . int . stab 3 - production office - night a security guard open the front door , poke he head into the office . security guard Mr. bridger ? no answer . the guard nod , back out of the office , lock they with sarah and the killer inside ! CUT to : int . prop room - night Sarah 's wait on egg as a digitize pre-programmed commissarymenu for sunrise studios drag out . sarah shit . Sarah momentarily glance behind she , just notice , a pair of black work boot step off the costume rack . before Sarah have a chance to scream , the ghost jump down and shove the rack hard send a scream Sarah into the next room . she go fly out , slamm into a metal table cover with prop weapon . the ghost -- stomp into the second prop room , knife raise . Sarah leap up , start to chuck the prop knife at she attacker , scream furiously . the prop knife , hit the ghost , and bend as they bounce off he body and onto the floor . the killer shake he head angrily , stalk towards he prey . sarah ( scream ) no! no! noooo ! the ghost drive he knife into Sarah 's chest , once , twice , and deliver a final kill blow to she Adam 's apple . she stagger forward . her killer grab she by she long buxom hair , and huck she into a glass door . the door explode , sarah' body fall through , shard of glass tear out she back . the killer , stand in the shattered doorway , bloody knife in hand . a alarm resonate in the b.g . the killer wipe he knife clean , race off screen . a nice psycho - esque close up of the dead Sarah 's eye as blood swirl into the pupil . SHOCK CUT to : ext . highway 39 - n. california - night the highway be desolate . it 's late . sidney speed into frame in she honda civic . CUT to : int . honda civic - night sidney 's tapping she thumb nervously against the steering wheel as a eerie song filter off the radio . the only light come from the unsettle neon green digital clock / radio read-out . sidney increase speed . CUT to : ext . highway 39 - n. california - night sid pass up a road sign indicate los angele - 64 mile CUT to : ext . sunrise studio back lot - night - EST . the lot be crawl with police vehicle . CUT to : int . stab 3 production office - night kincaid and gale stare at Sarah darling 's corpse as it 's zippere up into a black rubber body bag and carry off by forensic technician . detective kincaid that 's stab 3 , miss weather . it look like we be go to be get a warrant to speak with miss Prescott anyway . gale shit. Sarah darling . ( a beat ) I interview she too . God , it 's happen again be not it detective ? detective kincaid yes well we have a suspect , so do not get that worried . gale 's eye light up . she grab kincaid 's shoulder . gale who ? detective kincaid I be not at liberty to tell you that miss weather . you be no longer work with the l.a.p.d . I do not even know why you be stand in here right now . by all mean I should have you throw out . gale but you will not . you be a good man detective . we think alike . I know you need my help . and I know you know I need you help . detective kincaid in my fifteen year as a homicide detective I have never meet a single soul as pushy and brazen as you be miss weather . gale please , call I gale . detective kincaid deal , but I be still detective kincaid , ok ? gale smile . detective tom wallace , kincaid 's cohort and partner . he 's in he late thirty . family man . Wallaceenters frame with a folder in he hand . detective wallace Mark , bridger 's in custody . we trace he phone record . he 's the last person to speak to Sarah darling before she die . or at least call she home . gale wait a minute , Roman 's you suspect ? detective wallace listen , Diane sawyer , this here be classified information . why do not you go investigate the bad meat at the a.p . this be police work , not pulitzer material . gale hey , fuck off . detective kincaid no , cool it wallace . she 's work with I . detective wallace ( cocky ) well then . look like I will go dust for finger print with Barbara Walters . wallace arrogantly walk off camera . gale look at kincaid . gale so , what now ? CUT to : int . interogation room - police station - night a frazzle Roman be seat at a long conference table while wallace and kincaid grill he with question . detective kincaid Mr. bridger , you do not tell we you speak with Sarah darling before she die . roman that 's because I do not . detective wallace the guard say she be there for a meeting with you . roman what meeting ? detective wallace we talk to she roommate , too . say you call Sarah and tell she to come down to the studio . roommate answer the phone , say it be you . roman wait a minute ! I never call she ! I never tell she to go anywhere ! detective kincaid roommate say she know you voice , Mr. bridger . roman well , she be not speak with I ! look , I do not call Sarah darling ! detective kincaid Sarah darling say you do . roman someone be try to ruin my movie . someone want to kill my movie ! detective wallace hey , look at it this way , if anything this will be something interesting to put on the director 's commentary for when the film hit dvd . roman ( dry laugh ) ha ! too late , studio 's shutting down production . call my film a risk ! do you believe this shit ? they be actually shelving my film because there 's be one ensie little murder . God , three people die during the filming of the exorcist . detective kincaid well I doubt they be stab to death and I strongly doubt the killer of they leave message on the scene for the police to find . camera pan through a two - way mirror into . . . int . viewing room - police station - night gale and dewey stand , gaze through the two - way mirror . Roman can not see they . they watch nervously . dewey they find another note ? gale uh-huh . another News clipping . another one about sid 's mom . dewey , whether we like it or not it look like we be go to have to go back into we past . dewey you mean our past as in I and sid . this have nothing to do with you gale . gale this have everything to do with I dewey . I be the one who bring the nation 's attention to this shit anyway . I will be damned if I be gonna sit around and pass on the buck again . dewey do you really mean it this time gale ? gale yes. look , let 's get something straight dewey , I get into this shit cause the police come look for I . not cause I be out to make the sunrise studio slashing . dewey why would the police come to you ? gale again , I be the author of the definitive book on the woodsboro murder .! ( a beat ) what about you ? dewey what about I ? gale you say you would never leave woodsboro , ' the only place that 's real ! ' but now you be here . not with I . dewey , I take care of you . I wait until you be well . I could not stay there , I mean , it 's like dog year , one year in woodsboro be like seven everywhere else . dewey so it 's off to London for a week ? New York for a month ? l.a forever ? gale it be fuck ' 60 Minutes ii '! I could not say no ! I could have be the next Diane sawyer ! dewey what 's wrong with just be gale weather ? I like she ! gale it do not work dewey . we try , we be different . dewey you use to say that be we strength . gale dewey , you be not just here because of that second rate k - Mart , straight - to - video version of I , be you ? dewey brace yourself , gale , all of this be actually not about you . gale all of what dewey ? you do know something , do not you ? dewey off the record . gale always . dewey two month ago , the woodsboro police get a call from a woman who say she be with ' stab 3 ' . she want to see the file on sid , for research . gale and ? dewey the boy say no . she would not give she name . a month later , the station get break into , the file room ransacke . gale someone steal sid 's file ? dewey I already remove it . I think someone on the film be try to find sid , and that 's the only reason I come here . to make do a little private investigate of my own and make sure no one here be plan anything . gale ( whip out cellular ) I be sorry , this be too good ! dewey what part of ' off the record ' do not you understand ? gale right . sorry . ( a beat ) do you think he do it ? ( re : roman ) dewey ( he beeper go off ) I have get my suspicion but still , nothing you say can ever make I take my eye off one person . gale and who be that ? but dewey do not answer . again , he 's stare dagger through gale . year and year of bottled up resentment be finally surfacing . dewey Jennifer need I . gale Jennifer ?! wait , where be you go off to ? dewey I be on duty . dewey race out the room . gale pause , stare at the interrogation . wallace have reduce Roman to tear . it 's pathetic . gale bolt after dewey . CUT to : ext . san fernando valley - night the wind rush past the camera . a huge panoramic view of L.A. full moon hang in the sky . a coyote howl in the near distance . CUT to : ext . jennifer' house - night a nice low ranch tuck away in the valley . dewey roll up Jennifer 's driveway in he truck . gale follow behind in she vw jetta . dewey ( notice gale ) stop follow I . gale I happen to work for the police god dammit ! dewey you be not a detective . gale neither be you , Magnum p.i. dewey gale , you engine 's still run . gale fuck ! dewey shake he head in disgust , disappear into the house . gale run back to shut off she car . from out of the bush lunge -- tom prinze , load off he ass , still hold a half - fill bottle of johnny WALKER black label scotch in he hand . tom gale weather . what a surprise . gale Tom prinze , tank as usual . that 's a shocker . tom hey I really like that piece you do on I last month . the one where you say my car accident be cause by I drink and drug , and how I fake the tire blow - out just so my insurance would not sky rocket . gale heh , well , that 's tv journalism for ya . stage the news to boost rating . tom really , cause that stunt lose I the lead role in Roman polanski 's latest picture . huh , what a coincide I be pick up by Roman bridger . well , not exactly the Roman I want . get my point ? stab 3 be bullshit . fuck , because of you big mouth I be here , drink piss water scotch with second rate fuck celebrity like Jennifer jollie and yourself ! ( a beat , subtle ) hey , I just get a idea . maybe I should have a look at you break line . that you car over there ? gale push Tom 's chest . stop he . gale I think we should go inside . I have to have a talk with the cast . all of you . tom ( laugh ) you mean what 's leave of we . ( toss empty bottle aside ) yeah I be run on empty anyways . gotta refuel . Tom and gale walk into the house . something stir in the bush . CUT to : int . jennifer jollie' house - night gale and Tom enter . Jennifer be cry hysterically in dewey 's arm . she see gale , look up with anger write all over she gaudy , over rouge face , she make - up run in a comical , almost homage to mimi on the Drew carey show . jennifer you ! how can I ever get any fame play you ! gale dewey , what the hell be she rambling about now ? what 's wrong Jen , see yourself on one of that USA network winner you do and realize how badly you suck at act ? jennifer God damn you gale weather ! do not you see ? the killer be choose he victim as they die in the script ! Ben damon 's character be the first one to get offed . so be he girlfriend - but she be not cast yet so he real girlfriend be kill - then Sarah darling 's candy , and now I ! gale wait a second , whoa ! calm down ! number one there be five different version of the script give out . Ben damon be give a fake script because he be only be offer the role . it only have fragment of real scene from the actual script . and what , I die in stab 3 ? everyone be silent . dewey nod he head . gale rip the script from Jennifer 's hand . gale ( read script ) and I die naked ?! ugh ! this be complete bullshit . who write this piece of crap ? jennifer I know right . it be kinda weak . that 's cause will kennison only write a rough treatment of it . the script be write by some new guy . he write Arlington Street . gale still that be a much better movie , I see it at the premiere last week . God , what the hell be I get sidetracked with this shit for ?! we have gotta get down to business . a teary - eye angelina Tyler rise up from the couch , approach the group . angelina ( cry ) what be you talk about ? because of this shit I will probably never act in a Hollywood film again . Tom throw he arm around angelina , squeeze she tightly . tom hey good look , if you play you card right , I may be able to sit you down on my casting couch and try you out for a few film my production company be work on . ( a beat ) how do you feel about a deep throat remake ? angelina squeal in disgust , elbow Tom , racing out of the house . Tom groan , follow after she . tom I will be right back . CUT to : ext . jennifer' house - night Tom walk out into the darkness , look around . angelina 's nowherein sight . tom ( call out ) angelina ! hey ! where the hell be you ? I be only play ! hey look , I can really get you a bit part ! just come on out ! ok ? ( pause ) damn it . there go my chance of get some head from she . Tom whip out a joint , pop it in he mouth . he light it , walk around the side of the house . a noise catch he attention . a low , muffle squealing . tom aaaangelina ? Tom turn to a guest house . the door be half open , darkness spilling out . Tom smirk , step inside . CUT to : int . guest house - night the entire small interior of the guest house / dewey' live quarter' be blackened by the night . Tom cockily waltze about , not notice one of the black shadow peel off the wall . it's the ghost ! tom angelina ? Tom stop in he track . he look down . lying in a pool of blood at he foot be angelina tyler ! Tom scream , stagger backwards right into the arm of -- the ghost -- tom you fucker ! the ghost slashes open Tom 's arm . Tom scream , back up into the kitchen . the ghost grab he by the throat , begin choke he mid-air . he slowly begin to lift he off he foot , angle the knife , readying to make the kill blow . Tom gag . he can not even scream , the killer 's crush he voice - box , cause a trickle of blood down he lip . tom ( gag ) fucker ! the ghost bring the knife down , pierce Tom 's heart , pin he to the closet . Tom kick around for a moment before finally go limp . the ghost step back , admire he work . CUT to : int . jennifer' house - night Jennifer , gale , and dewey be pace around nervously . jennifer shit ! where the hell be Tom and angelina ? gale I do not know . screw they . look , what 's important be that we stick together . no matter what . if anyone be next it 's you or I Jen . dewey what about sidney ? jennifer what about she ? suddenly , a knock at the door . the three be startle . dewey look at the front door . dewey ssh . maybe it 's Tom or angelina . I will get it . jennifer what if it 's the killer ? gale oh use you brain drama queen ! do the killer ever knock on the fuck door ? ever see Jason do that before bury a axe in some big titte blonde 's head ? or maybe Michael or chucky ? huh ? Jennifer stick she tongue out at gale . dewey reach into a holster tuck away under he jacket , draw up he 'mm . dewey do not worry . I be prepare for anything . gale amen boy scout , now answer the fuck door ! dewey nod he head , slowly make he way towards the door . gale and Jennifer huddle together , follow close behind . jennifer do you smell something ? dewey ( smirk ) it 's gale . she fart when she get nervous . gale make a angry face , slap dewey upside the back of he headplay fully . dewey step up to the front door . it's not locked . he reach for the knob , turn it when suddenly -- the power sizzle out ! everyone scream ! dewey alright do not panic ! just a fuse . dewey throw open the door . angelina's corpse drop into the doorway . a symphony of scream . dewey hurry ! everyone out the back way ! now ! dewey , gale , and Jennifer race for the french door in the live room lead outside to the pool and backyard . a phone ring somewhere in the house . gale who 's phone ? jennifer oh shit it 's my cell ! dewey answer it ! Jennifer answer she cellular . jennifer ( into phone ) hello ? voice hello Jennifer . wanna play a little game ? jennifer it 's he ! it 's the killer ! gale rip the phone out of Jennifer 's hand . gale ( into phone ) listen you sick bastard , what the fuck do you want ? jennifer what 's you favorite scary movie gale ? gale I dunno but I can tell you that you 's will be the home video footage of I stick my foot up you ass ! now come out and fight like a real man you pussy ! ghost ( o.s. ) I just might ! the ghost come run out of closet , knife swinging wildly . Jennifer scream , race for the patio door . the ghost lunge for gale . dewey draw up he gun , fire . blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! the ghost take six slug in the chest . he go smash through a coffee table , motionless . dewey back into gale 's arm , smoke rise fromthe muzzle of the gun . jennifer God damn it you two ! run! hurry ! he 's dead ! gale no ! he 's not dead ! he 's still breathe ! look ! dewey gale he 's dead . come on . let 's get out of here . dewey turn gale towards the patio door . a noise o.s. dewey pause , turn around -- the ghost be gone . dewey look to the patio door . so be jennifer . dewey oh . oh GOD . gale -- gale what ? dewey ( scream ) gale behind you ! the ghost barrel out from under the couch , knife raise . dewey wind back , kick a chair out in the ghost 's path . the ghost trip , go crash through the chair , come smash down onto the floor , knife bury into the hardwood . dewey and gale run for the patio when suddenly -- jennifer come dodging out of the kitchen wield a butcher knife . jennifer ( scream ) die mother fucker ! die ! die ! die ! Jennifer slip on something , go backflip to the ground . gale grab she . help she up . gale come on ! the ghost come to life , grab a lighter off a end table . he light a trail of gasoline , run from the floor to the kitchen ( i.e. the smell Jennifer mention earlier and what she slip on second ago ) . a huge flame trail lunge towards the two woman . they scream . dewey oh shit ! run ! CUT to : ext . backyard - jennifer' house - night Jennifer , gale , and dewey take off out the patio door when suddenly ka - boom ! the window blow out ! the roof splinter . a huge conflagration ! the three dive into the swim pool as debris rain down onto the Earth . the ghost -- watch from the shadow , flame bouncing off he pallid white mask . siren be heard in the near distance . as the ghost run off into the night , he drop another newspaper clipping on the ground . it blows in the wind . CUT to : the newspaper clipping - ecu it's flipped over by a pair of hand . scrawled on back be : " I kill her " we be : int . detective kincaid be office - day detective kincaid pace around he room . a batter and bruise dewey and gale sit beside he desk in Police uniform ( since they old clothes have obviously be drench ) . detective kincaid whoever it be , now be take credit for Maureen Prescott 's murder . gale but we know who kill Maureen Prescott , billy loomis and stu macher . I mean , they even tell sidney how they do it ! detective kincaid yeah , but , if I be not mistaken , you say in you book that sidney get it wrong before . she accuse cotton weary of murdering she mother , and he be send away for it ! maybe there be a third killer . sidney might know something kincaid 's eye appear as if question dewey . dewey I tell you , I do not know where sidney be . and even if there be a third killer , sidney do not know about it . detective kincaid that be for I to decide . I need to talk to she Mr. riley , she be a key element in this case . I have a press conference in a hour , and I need to explain why there be four dead celebrity . gale four ? there be five . detective kincaid Ben damon . christine Perkins . Sarah darling . Tom prinze . that 's four , last time I learn how to count . dewey what about angelina Tyler ? she be there too . detective kincaid Police be still search through the debris . could be day before we find she . . . that be , if she 's even there . kincaid seem to be get a morbid charge out of all of this . he smirk ever so nefariously at dewey . gale ok , look . we all know that this have something to do with ' stab 3 ' . what we do not know be why the killer keep leave article about Maureen Prescott . detective kincaid actually , there be more this time . this time , we find a picture too . dewey / gale ( together ) what ? kincaid hold up a second ziplock evidence bag . within be a blurry 5 x4 of maureen prescott exite a motel room with cotton weary . kincaid turn it over . also , write on it 's back be 'I kill her ' detective kincaid before you jump to conclusion , the man in the picture , cotton weary , be out of the country on business . his alibi check out . seem he 's get a tv show in Australia , 100 % cotton . it 's supposedly the biggest thing down under since Yahoo serious , but that 's besides the point . dewey what do this have to do with sid ? detective kincaid who know more about Maureen Prescott than she own daughter ? dewey well sid 's dad could not help you and he be marry to Maureen . detective wallace ( chime in ) what 's you problem ? last night you be almost charcoal . you gonna help we or what ? detective kincaid do you wanna have this conversation with a polygraph ? dewey be that a threat , detective ? detective kincaid when it 's a threat , you will know it . dewey ( a beat ) be that a threat ? gale boy , boy , why do not we compare we gun caliber later ? the issue be Maureen Prescott ! detective kincaid wrong , this issue be sidney Prescott ! and either Mr. riley be go to obstruct justice or be go to put I in touch with she . so , where be she ? CUT to : int . hallway - police station - day dewey be on he cell phone . sidney' answering machine ( o.s. ) ( off phone ) hi , you have reach the machine . leave a message , talk as long as you would like . dewey sid it 's I , this be the sixth time I have call . ( sid turn the corner , be ushere down the hall by a cop ) please pick up , I wanna make sure you be okay . ( dewey notice sidney approach he ) sid ! sidney dewey ! the two run into each other 's arm , embrace tightly . dewey what be you do here ? I tell you to stay hide ! it 's not safe for you up here . sidney well it 's not safe for I up there either . the killer find I dewey . he call I last night . dewey what ? sidney I figure I would be safe if I be at least up here with the people I care about . ( a beat ) now where 's this kincaid guy the news be talk about ? I find this place from a fox 5 tv news report . heh . dewey follow I . dewey walk sid into kincaid 's office . int . detective kincaid be office - day dewey detective kincaid ? detective kincaid what rielly ? dewey there 's someone here who want to help . gale oh my God ! sidney , you run fast or what ? hey . sidney hi , gale . I be glad you be all right . for a change , instead of a exchange of fist , the two share a warm hug . gale thank you . dewey sid , this be detective kincaid . detective kincaid Nice to finally meet you , sidney . dewey the killer call she . detective kincaid what ? when ? gale what would he say ? sidney oh , you know , the usual small talk , " what 's new , how ya be , how do you want to die ? " dewey sidney , do you have any idea how he could have get you number ? detective kincaid he could have monitor the call on a scanner . do you call she from the set ? dewey no . gale do you have she number store in you memory ? ( dewey think ) phone memory ! dewey oh. yeah , I guess I do . gale have anyone else every use you phone ? dewey just Jennifer . ( to kincaid_ ) and you . detective kincaid hey , I be the cop here . you be in my office , riley . sidney notice the clipping and the photograph of Maureen . detective kincaid the killer leave a newspaper clipping at each murder , sidney . recently he 's also leave a photo of you mother . sidney why do not you tell I ? this be my mother , dewey . why do not you say something ? dewey I be afraid they be bait , something to , ya know , trick you out of hide . sidney listen , detective , I wanna see this studio where all this shit 's go down . detective kincaid be you sure ? sidney absolutely . CUT to : ext . sunrise studio back lot - day kincaid and dewey 's car drive through the lot . they drive over towards a row of trailer , park . kincaid disappear to do something else while gale , dewey , and sidney get out of dewey 's truck . dewey alright sid , over there be the stab 3 production office . that 's where Sarah darling be murder last night . sidney mm , what a waste of silicone . ( a beat ) what do my mother have to do with this all dewey ? we be a long way from woodsboro . a figure lunge out of nowhere , startling all three of they . it 's a young , scrawny goth girl in heavy make -up . this be karen colcheck , 22 . she hold something in she hand , a video tape mark scary movie 101 . sidney oh my God Karen you scared the shit out of I ! what be you do here ? gale who 's this . dewey Karen colcheck . from woodsboro . sidney she be Randy 's only girlfriend . . . ever . karen ( smile ) that 's I . first and last . sidney hug Karen . so do dewey . sidney it 's be a while ? you still work at Bradley 's ? karen nope . they open up a Hollywood video down the street . it pay better . anyway , I be here because I hear on the news about the murder and well , I find this while root through Randy 's thing . Karen hold up the video . CUT to : close - up video moniter . screen flicker to life revealing the face of -- randy meek , dearly departed video geek from scream 1 and 2 randy told you I would make a movie someday , huh ? we be : int . trailer - studio lot - day sidney , gale , Karen , and dewey be gather around the inside of the small , cramped trailer watch the tape . sidney oh my god . randy well , if you be watch this tape , it mean as I fear , I do not survive this killing here at Windsor College . anyway , the reason I be here be to help you , so that my death will not be in vain . that my life 's work , will help save some other poor soul from get mutilate . if this killer do come back , and he 's for real , there be a few thing that you gotta remember . be this simply another sequel ? well , if it be , same rule apply . but , here 's the critical thing . if you find yourself deal with a unexpected backstory , and a preponderance of exposition , then the sequel rule do not apply . because you be not deal with a sequel , you be deal with the conclude chapter of a trilogy . dewey a trilogy ? randy that 's right . it 's a rarity in the horror field , but it do exist , and it 's a force to be reckone with , because true trilogy be all about go back to the beginning and discover something that be not true from the get go . ' godfather ' , ' jedi ' , all reveal something that we think be true , that be not true . so if it be a trilogy you be deal with , here be some super trilogy rule . one , you get a killer who 's gonna be super human . stab he will not work , shoot he will not work , basically in the third one , you gotta cryogenically freeze he head , decapitate he , or blow he up . number two ; anyone include the main character can die . this mean you , sid . I be sorry , it 's the final chapter . it can be fuckin ' reservoir dog ' by the time this thing be through . number three ; the past will come back to bite you in the ass ! whatever you think you know about the past , forget it . the past be not at rest , any sin you think be commit in the past be about to break out and destroy you . number four , never , ever under any circumstance go run off by yourself , cause if Friday the 13th have teach we anything , it 's that the next time we be gonna see you , you be gonna have a fence post jutting out from you back . so in close , let I say good luck , God speed , and for some of you , I will see you soon , cause the rule say , some of you be not gonna make it . I do not , not if you be watch this tape . CUT to : ext . sunrise studio back lot - day sidney and Karen be hugging . sidney thanks Karen . you be careful . karen do not worry sid . I get ticket to see family feud . I do have a somewhat ulterior motive for drive all the way down here . Karen smile . she hug sidney one more time , scamper away . gale I have get a idea , I will hook up with you guy later . dewey do you want we to come with you ? gale I work better alone . why do not you do some snooping around the set ? gale run off . sidney I can see nothing 's change . dewey no . CUT to : ext . sunrise studio film archive - day gale 's bang on the door try to gain access . nobody home . gale notice the card lock and the sign read ' authorized personal only ' . gale smile . since when have this ever stop she before . she reach into she pocket book , pull out a couple of credit card , a video store card , etc . she try they in the lock . nothing . a hand reach down , grab gale from behind . she let outa blood curdle scream . it 's only jennifer . jennifer geez . gale what the hell be you do ? jennifer be gale weather . what the hell be you do ? gale I be gale weather ! jennifer here 's how I see it . I have get no house , no movie , no gun , and I be be stalk . because someone want to kill I ? no , because someone want to kill you . so now , start now , I go where you go . that way , if someone want to kill I , I will be with you , and since they really want to kill you , they will not kill I , they will kill you . make sense ? gale none . jennifer you know in the movie , I play you as be much smarter . gale and as a sane person . for you that must be quite a stretch . jennifer that 's funny . gale ha. maybe I should join snl . jennifer need to get in that building ? gale ( sarcastically ) no really ? jennifer there a story in that building ? gale possibly . jennifer ( flash a sunrise studios Key Card ) gale weather would find a way . ( she swipe and open the door ) Jennifer open the door , step in first . gale follow , door close ominously behind they with a loud clack . CUT to : int . basement hallway - archive - day gale lead the way down the dark hall . jennifer basement creep I out . gale really , you know you would make a fascinating interview . lifestyle of the Rich and psychotic . jennifer look who 's talk moneybag . you get more home than I do . gale ( smile ) oh I wish I get that one on tape . it would put a smile on my face everytime I be down . jennifer ( underbreath ) bitch . the two turn the corner , step into - int . clerical area - archive - day bianca bernadette , a aging , former actress in she late forty , early fifty , sit behind a desk do paperwork . sense someone else 's presence she stop what she be do and look up at gale and Jennifer . bianca can I help you ? gale I be gale weather , author of the woodsboro and Windsor College murder , and anchorwoman for total entertainment . maybe you have hear of I ? bianca shake she head " no " . bianca I do not watch tv and I hate book . whatta you need ? gale do the name Maureen Prescott sound familiar to you ? bianca nope . gale ( groan ) well can you tell I if the woman in this picture look familiar to you . gale reach into she pocket , slam down the picture of sid 's mom on bianca 's desk . bianca look up , totally unenthuse . bianca listen , I be busy . nobody have access to that file except studio exec . can you please go away now ? gale well if you will not work for I , will you work for the president ? gale slap a twenty dollar bill on the desk . bianca look up , a bit insulted , slide the money back . bianca the president . . . of the studio . jennifer twenty dollar ? who be you Nancy Drew ? Jennifer turn to bianca , slide off she ring . she slam the ring onto the desk . it 's absolutely stun . jennifer go ahead . it 's worth three grand easy . ( to gale ) my gale weather 's will stop at nothing to get the story . how can bianca resist . she smile , take the ring , slip it on she finger . bianca follow I . gale reach for she twenty . bianca slap she hand , take it , fold it up , slide it between she cleavage . CUT to : int . file room - archive - day bianca ( stare at picture , flipping through file cabinet ) I know every face in here , respect for the unknown actor I suppose , myself include . if you be look for Maureen Prescott -- gale ( interrupt ) it may be Maureen reynold -- bianca well you will find neither . Rina reynold , however , you will . jennifer ( smile ) Rina reynold . what a stage name . bianca you should talk , Judy jurgenstein . gale take the folder from bianca , open it up . Inside be 8x10 headshot of maureen prescott when she be young . behind the picture be a xerox list of the film she 's star in . gale what be this movie ? ' amazomby ' , ' Space psychos ' ' creature from theSan andrea fault ' ? bianca horror flick . b-movy from milton 's heyday . gale / jennifer ( together ) what ? bianca you know , JOHN milton , the horror producer ? that be some of he early flick . CUT to : ext . soundstage - sunrise studio - day sidney stand beside dewey and detective wallace . sidney listen dewey I have to go to the bathroom . dewey do you want I to come with you sid ? I mean , remember what Randy say ? sidney no I will be ok . I have get my mace . my knife . ( smile , raise up she fist ) this two lethal weapon . detective wallace sure you do not need a police escort ? that 's what we be here for . sidney no really , I will be fine . dewey and wallace nod . sid begin to walk towards the soundstage . sidney I will be right back . CUT to : int . lady room - soundstage build - day sidney stand at the sink wash she face . she shut off the water reach for a paper towel when suddenly , something catch she ear . almost as if a man 's whisperedher name ' siiiiiddney ' . sid turn around , stare at the empty bathroom . sidney h-hello ? anyone there ? silence . sid reach into she pocket book , draw out a gravity knife . she flip open the blade , crouch down on she knee , scan the row of stall for foot . what a relief . . . none . sid smile , dismiss what she think she hear when she see -- the rumbling AIR conditioning unit . sidney go back to drying she face when suddenly -- man ( o.s. ) ( whisper ) sidney . this time it 's apparent . there 's somebody else in the bathroom . sid begin to make she way towards the bathroom door when suddenly -- wham ! a stall door fly open . the ghost charge out at full - force . sid hit the deck , slide across the floor , deflect the blow from the knife as the killer bury it into the sink counter . sid race for the door , killer hot on she trail . suddenly -- wham ! the storage closet door fly open and a second ghost come charge out , knife gleam . he dive for sid . sid take up she knife , bury it in she attacker 's shoulder . the ghost go reeling back into the closet . sidney slam the door close on he . she dive for the door knob when suddenly , the first ghost come run back at she . she duck as he swing he knife , bury it into the bathroom door . sid bolt across the bathroom towards a tiny window in the far corner of the ceiling . use the trash as a booster , she leap up , slide open the window , and dive out , just as the deadly pair of attacker come back for more . CUT to : ext . studio lot - day sidney come charge around the corner of the soundstage building . she look up , realize she 's just run herself into a dead end . sidney ( cry ) shit . bam ! a exit door fly open . the ghost come charge out . sidney scream , run for a wooden fence . she begin to scale it , drop over on the other side just as the killer pierce through it with he knife . sid take off run for wallace and dewey . wallace and dewey , hearing the scream , spin around , draw out they gun . wallace look at dewey . dewey ( be :gun ) do not worry , I have get a permit for it . sidney ( hysterical ) Jesus Christ dewey help I ! they try to kill I in the bathroom ! the killer ! detective wallace wait a second ? killer ? there 's two of they now ? aw shit ! wallace whip out he cellular , dial a number . sidney fall into dewey 's arm , collapse like a house of card , cry hysterically . detective wallace ( into phone ) yeah this be wallace . we get a problem down here on the sunrise studios lot . no not another one . at least not yet . yeah we have have a attack . ( to sid ) do you need medical assistance ? ( sid nod she head ' no ' ) no . oh really . alright , see you in a minute . wallace close up he phone . dewey what ? detective wallace well I get some good news in a way . Roman bridger do not make that call to Sarah darling . Police let he go . here 's the bad news : the cellular be clone , it 's untraceable . we now have no suspect . gale ( o.s. ) Dew ! dewey and sidney turn around to see a excited Jennifer and gale race into frame . gale sidney , what happen ? dewey nevermind , what would you two find ? gale we do some research in the archive . sid , something dawn on I when I write the book on you mother 's murder . for two year of she life , 1969 up until 1971 she basically disappear off the face of the Earth . sidney what be you talk about ? jennifer we have find out where she go . gale she be a actress sidney . minor b-movy . but now we have a new suspect in this twisted fuck web . . . John milton . detective wallace the head of the studio ? gale it make sense do not it ? it 's he big grandiose swan song from the genre . what a better way to end than with a bloodbath ? jennifer sidney , what happen ? sidney I be attack in the bathroom . dewey wallace , should not you be investigate the bathroom ? detective wallace ( look at building ) I be wait for back - up . I do not carry bullet in my gun unless I know I be gonna use they . dewey nod suspiciously . kincaid come rush into frame . detective kincaid Jesus Christ sidney , what happen ? I get a call on my cell from home . they tell I that someone be attack . dewey and what make you think it be sidney ? detective kincaid ( glaring ) sid , get in my car . you be come back to the station with I where it 's safe . gale dewey , Jennifer , I think we should pay John milton a little visit . dewey / jennifer ( together ) agreed . CUT to : int . JOHN miltone office - day milton 's on the phone with Roman . milton ( into phone ) Roman I know you be upset . but there will be other movie . I know . ah , variety call you a pariah ? well fuck they . I get a great script on my desk . it 's call tragic menage trios and it be write by John sayle . I be think you for director . what ? ( knock at the door ) come in . ( into phone ) no , not to you Roman . look I will talk to you later . bye . milton hang up as gale , Jennifer , and dewey barge intohis office . dewey so you know sidney Prescott 's mother . milton just what the hell do you people think you be do , barging in here like this ? I have get important call to make . I run this studio . gale answer the question . you know sidney 's mom ? milton who ? jennifer Rina reynold . milton do you know how many actor have work for I ? hundred , thousand . gale nobody say she be a actor . jennifer good twist . milton what 's you point ? dewey no point , I be just gonna give detective kincaid a call . milton I remember she ! she be a bit player in a couple of my movie . a nobody ! so what do it matter ? jennifer oh , come on ! you have make million off the story of she murder . you be obsessed with her and you be obsessed with she daughter ! gale settle down beavis . ( to milton ) why do not you tell we the truth ? milton what the hell be you guy get at ? I make horror film , that 's what I do . the Studio come to I with ' stab ' . they come to I , check it out . dewey but you know who she be . milton when we do the first ' stab " I realize I would know Maureen Prescott before , I mean as Rina . I could not tell anyone . can you imagine the press ? gale and now ? I mean , murder on you set and still you say nothing ? milton get real , that would make I a suspect ! gale just because you know she ? milton yeah . gale I do not think so ! just what happen to Maureen when she be in Hollywood ? milton now you listen to I , lois Lane , let it go . it 's dead and bury . daddy take ol ' yeller out behind the barn and shot he in the head a long time ago . gale well how would you like he rotten carcass dig up and drug all over National tv ? why do not you start talk . milton it be in the 70' , everything be different . I be well know for my party , Rina know what they be . it be for girl like she to meet man , man who could get they part , if they make the right impression . nothing happen to she that she do not invite , in one way or another , no matter what she say afterwards . gale be you say she be - milton I be say thing get out of hand . maybe they do take advantage of she !. maybe the sad truth be , this be not the city for innocence . no charge be bring . and the bottom line be , Rina reynold would not play by the rule . you wanna get ahead in Hollywood , you gotta play the game , or go home . CUT to : int . detective kincaid be office - day kincaid stand at he desk try to put the piece of this puzzle together . sidney 's seat beside he , stare at a stack of book on ' script writing and selling you work in hollywood ' . sidney what do you know about trilogy ? detective kincaid you mean like , movie trilogy ? sidney you seem to like movie , detective . detective kincaid call I Mark , would you ? Cause I be gonna keep call you sidney . sidney I will call you Mark when you catch the killer , detective . detective kincaid all I know about movie trilogy be in the third one , all bet be off . sidney ( notice a huge file on she ) do you request this case ? detective kincaid no , they tend to put I on the one that deal with the business . I grow up here , and I know my way around the studio . sidney must be exciting , beautiful place , beautiful people . detective kincaid to I Hollywood be about death . sidney Excuse I ? detective kincaid I be a homicide detective , remember ? when you see what I see day in and day out , the violence that people do to each other , you get haunt . I think you know about that . sidney what do you mean ? detective kincaid I know what it 's like to see ghost that do not go away . to be watch a scary movie in you head , whether you want to or not , watch it alone . sidney ghost be tough , you can not shoot ghost . detective kincaid can not arrest ghost . but the best way to stop be haunt be to be with people . you be here , you be not hide , you have do the right thing , miss Prescott . sidney hmm . detective kincaid what do you know about you mother ? sidney I use to think I have the perfect mom , perfect family . till I find out I be wrong . she have a secret life , and I try to understand that , and soon as I think I have , more secret . I do not ' know who my mom be . ( a beat ) sometimes I feel like I be just learn about my mother for the first time . you know , with tv and that movie and what not . God sometimes I feel like I be just learn about myself for the first time . like I be watch my life instead of live in it . detective kincaid ( a long beat ) here 's the deal , I be off to search the soundstage . that 's good news . sidney how be that good news ? detective kincaid because , that mean that we be deal with a ordinary , flesh and blood killer . and I know how to handle guy like that . sidney oh yeah , how ? detective kincaid catch he , or kill he . kincaid ready himself to leave . he snag up he holster gun , he car key , jacket , etc . sidney hey detective ? what 's you favorite scary movie ? detective kincaid pause , he lean over sidney 's chair , he penetrate eye glaring right into hers . detective kincaid ( sotto ) my life . kincaid exit , door slamm shut behind he . a beat , then -- sidney mine too . CUT to : int . reception area - miltone office - sunset milton step out of he office into he reception area . Secretary 's go for the night . milton start out of the office , disappear . close on a coat closet . the door creak open . gale , Jennifer , and dewey emerge from the darkness . Jennifer be gag . jennifer oh God gale , dewey be right . stop get so nervous and you might stop cause I to gag ! dewey / gale ( together ) shut up ! Jennifer 's quiet . jennifer I think milton 's the killer . I think he just go out to kill another cast member . gale milton 's not a killer . he 's a pervert . he probably go out to buy more ky jelly for he jack - off party he have with he two best friend . jennifer Rob reiner and quentin tarentino ? gale ( smack she forehead out of frustration ) do you get any of my witty humor ? I mean , you do play I for three movie . ( a beat ) his two hand , dingus . dewey ssh lady . dewey lean into milton 's office door , slowly open it . darkness spill out . the three disappear inside it . CUT to : int . hallway - build - night milton 's walk down the hallway . it 's dark . desolate . camera track along the paisley velvet carpet as a phone ring o.s. it's miltone cell . he answer it , push the elevator ' up ' button anxiously . milton ( into phone ) John milton . voice wanna play a game ? milton who be this ? voice you tell I . you bankrol three movie about I . milton it 's you . the saboteur whose be fuck up my movie ! ( a beat ) I swear to God if you do not stop I will find you and have you kill ! I shut down production on that piece of shit stab 3 ! we have a no talent director and the lousiest sidney Prescott on the planet but that be besides the point ! you still kill my movie ! a John milton film ! and if you ever try and cross I again you will be sorry . my next movie be gonna be a grandiose step up from this slasher shit ! it 's a film write and direct by John sayle . milton 's go rapid fire . voice oh poor John . there 's not gonna be another film . well , at least not for you . the elevator door open with a ping . a flash of silver and in a instant , John 's throat be slashed open , spilling blood . his corpse thud to the ground . a pair of glove hand drag he into the elevator . a moment pause and then -- the ghost storm out , disappear down the hall . the elevator door close on miltone corpse . CUT to : int . miltone office - night gale 's try to get a lock drawer on milton 's desk open . it will not budge . dewey step into frame , flashlight in hand . he shine the light down on the lock . dewey hold on gale , I be a pro at this . dewey lean in , bump he head with gale 's . gale oh dewey I be sorry . the two look at each other and smile . dewey laugh sweetly . gale reach up , rub he head . gale here . let I -- jennifer , chime in . clearly annoyed . jennifer Excuse I gale ! what the hell do you think you be do ? gale and dewey can not help gaze into each other 's eye . in a instant it almost seem as if a long lose love have be spark back to life . dewey ( shaking it off ) let 's get this drawer open . if it 's lock , there must be something inside he 's try to hide . dewey take the butt of the flashlight , bring it down hard on the lock drawer . the lock 's smashed off . gale shit . that 's gonna leave a mark . gale slide open the drawer , reach in . she pull up a manilla folder . dewey shine the light on the folder as gale open it up and read what 's inside . jennifer what ? what would you find ? gale 's eye widen . gale paternity test result . Christ dewey , you be never go to believe who milton 's kid be . dewey who be it ? jennifer ( nervously ) guy ! I get a bad feel . dewey / gale ( angrily , together ) not now ! jennifer guy there 's someone else in the fuck room ! dewey huh ? dewey and gale look up and scream as -- the ghost rush out of the shadow . Jennifer bolt for the door . the ghost jam he knife in she back . she let out a blood curdle death scream , drop to the floor motionless . gale and dewey share a terrify scream . the killer wipe he blade clean , lunge for they . dewey ( frantic ) gale run ! dewey jump in the killer 's path . the killer wind back , crack the base of the knife across dewey 's skull . dewey drop to the floor unmove . gale ( scream ) dewey ! clang ! the killer 's blade glisten in the moonlight . he charge for gale . gale scream , race out of the office door , slamm it close on the killer send he fly onto he back . CUT to : int . hallway - office - night gale race down the hallway , frantically try every door she pass . all of they lock . she reach the elevator , hit the " down " button . the door open with a ping . gale unleash a horrendous scream -- milton -- -- have be strung up from the ceiling ventilation duct , gut from knob to gullet . his entrail lie in steaming heaps at he foot . gale stagger away from the elevator , speechless . she scream again . her ghostly attacker be come straight for she . gale fake out the killer , dive into the elevator . he run ahead , briefly , give gale enough time to trip he send he landing flat on he face . gale race out of the elevator double back down the hallway towards a door mark " stair " . she bolt through the door . CUT to : int . stairwell - office - night gale race down the stair , nearly trip and fall . she race out onto the ground floor . CUT to : ext . sunrise studio lot - night gale race out of the office building . a car horn blare . she scream . kincaid jam on he break , get out he car . he draw up he gun . detective kincaid Jesus gale what happen ? gale ( frantic ) he kill milton ! the killer 's inside there ! oh God ! ( realize ) dewey ! dewey 's in there too ! he need medical help ! he 's hurt ! detective kincaid alright , calm down . I be go to radio in for backup right now . voice ( o.s. ) not so fast . we be not finish . kincaid spin around . gale scream . the ghost come charge out of nowhere , slashes open kincaid 's throat , stab he in the chest . kincaid drop onto the hood of he car , dead . gale pause . she 's scream hysterically . the killer raise the knife menacingly . voice I would not run if I be you gale . it 's only gonna end up with you get skewer like a fuck pig . I need you . gale ( nervously ) awfully late time to be do a interview . voice I need you as bait . for sidney . gale close she eye , cry as the killer stalk towards she . CUT to : int . detective kincaid be office - night sidney sit in kincaid 's office flipping through the folder mark ' sidney prescott ' it 's load with newspaper article and police report and be basically a scrapbook of obsession . sidney smirk . kincaid have draw little magic marker heart around a picture of she . she 's awaken from she daydream . the phone ring . sid answer it . sidney ( into phone ) hello ? sidney' voice ( o.s. ) ( off phone ) hello ? sidney who be this ? phone sidney ( o.s. ) who be this ? sidney um wh- who 's call ? phone sidney ( o.s. ) um wh- who 's call ? sidney gale , dewey , whoever , um , call I back , I can only hear myself . voice { a click } I only she you too , sidney . sidney who be this ? voice the question be not who I be . the question be , who 's with I . gale ( scream ) sidney , stay away ! sid 's face flood with fear . she rush towards the office door when suddenly , the voice draw she back , angrily and caution . voice do not do it ! if you do one thing to attract attention , one thing , I will kill they both . now , do you have somewhere we can be alone ? sidney yes . voice go there . sidney stand up , go into a inner office , wallace 's . voice always hard be friend with you , sidney . when you be friend with sidney , you die ! well this friend do not have to , sidney . it 's up to you . sidney how do I know they voice be -- voice be real ? how do you know you be not hearing thing ? how do you know I be not someone in you head ? somewhere , you know . dewey ( frantic ) do not come here sidney ! we hear the killer haul back and hit dewey hard . gale dewey ! no ! voice or do you ? sidney you be dead ! voice I do not want they , I want you ! it 's simple . you show yourself , they survive , you run , they die ! gale oh God ! oh God ! voice do not you want to know sidney ? do not you want to know who kill she ? do not you want to know who kill you mother ? cop ( o.s. ) have you see kincaid ? cop 2 ( o.s. ) no . but wallace be around . sidney where ? voice she would have be so happy , sidney , to know we would be together . sidney where ? voice I will call you , when you be on you way . click . the killer hang up . sidney break down cry . sidney fuck ! wallace 's key rest on he desk . sid ponder , take they . she stand up when something inside she make she open wallace 's drawer and dig around . she pull up a fully load handgun . that 's the ticket . she close the drawer , slink out the side exit . CUT to : int . wallace's car - night sid speed through rain-slicked street . her cellular ring . sidney ( into phone ) yeah ? voice you follow direction good . now let 's wrap this production . go to the sunrise studios backlot . I will call you when you get there . click . the killer hang up . CUT to : ext . sunrise studio lot - night sid park wallace 's car alongside the studio gate . she get out , stand on the hood of the car , begin to scale the wrought- iron fence . CUT to : ext . soundstage - studio lot - night sidney creep through the darken , abandon lot . again , she cellular ring . again , she answer it . sidney ( into phone ) alright , I be here . now what ? voice you be do real good . can not you figure it out ? I wanna finish this where it all begin . woodsboro . sidney I think you want I here ? click the killer hang up . sid pocket she phone . she look up , and be startle out of fright . post alongside the sound stageis a huge production poster for stab 3 with a life-size ghost wield a big knife . sid know she 's in the right place . the door lead inside be half -open . sid tap the holster gun , slowly step into the darkness . CUT to : int . stab 3 sets - night sidney enter . she pause . as a million thing rush through she mind . to she this be like the ultimate return . everything appear as she last remember . sid step through the dark set . her phone ring . she answer it . sidney ( into phone ) alright I be here , now show you face so we can finish this . voice it 's good to see you again sidney . I be grow real impatient . go ahead . explore . I will catch up with you later . the killer hang up . sid pocket the phone . she walk past the macher garage set . instead of a foam tatum body dangle from the doggy door , it 's kincaid corpse ! sidney flinch , cover she eye . she walk on . int . becker house - set - night sid step through the live room of the becker set . it mirror the house perfectly . everything from the shattered patio door to the burnt jiffy pop be there . sid 's phone ring . she answer it . sidney yeah ? dewey ( o.s. ) ( off phone ) help I sid ! the killer 's get I ! sidney dewey ?! ohmigod ! where be you ?! dewey ( o.s. ) sid I can see you ! sidney where be you dewey ? dewey ( o.s. ) I be out back . tied up . hurry sid ! the killer 's look for you ! Quick untie I ! sid bolt through the shattered patio door out onto the backyard set . seat before a heat in ground pool , tie to a patio chair , beat and gag , be dewey rielly . he 's unconscious and almost appear at first glance like steven orth from scream . sid 's jaw drop . this can not be possible . she look down at the phone . dewey ( o.s. ) good work sid. sid scream , drop the phone out of fright . she turn around come face to face with -- the ghost he stand in the patio doorway . a monstrous version of the voice- change box in hand . he raise up the box , click a button and speak . ghost ( sid 's voice ) you play a good game sidney . now it 's time to get down to business . sidney who be you ? ghost ( click - now he 's Maureen 's voice ) you other half . the ghost rush sid . she scream , take off run . she bolt across the darken set , run straight up the front porch of a mock - up of she own childhood home . she swing open the front door , slam it close . int . prescott house - set - night sid lock and bolt the front door . she back away from it as the killer begin to pounce against it , struggle to get inside . sid hear something upstairs . like muffle cry . she race up to investigate . CUT to : int . sidney' bedroom - set - night sid enter the set of she bedroom , slowly draw out the gun she steal from kincaid 's office . lying on the bed , bound and gag , be -- gale weather sidney gale ! sid race over , remove the gag from gale 's mouth . gale Christ sidney hurry up ! that fuck lunatic be come ! sid fumble with the binding , manage to untie gale . gale sit up . sidney gale he 's get dewey ! gale I know ! he kill kincaid ! sidney I know ! gale let 's get out of here ! sidney ( scream ) gale watchout ! ker-smash ! the ghost launch himself through the upstairs window . gale and sidney bolt for the bedroom door , killer hot on they tail . CUT to : dewey -- dewey come around . he let he head loll for a moment before finally beginning to pull and tug on he binding . extremely close on dewey freeing one of he hand from the heavy duct tape . CUT to : int . maureen' bedroom - prescott house set - night gale and sidney run into the master bedroom set , slamm the door shut and lock it . sid look around , she head already swim from the chaos outside . however , what 's inside utterly horrify she . the wall , the furniture and the bed be splatter with blood . on the bed lie a corpse in a black rubber body bag ( supposedly Maureen 's body ) . the door buckle under the killer 's blow . gale and sidney scream . they can not hold out much longer . gale Jesus Christ sidney get out of here ! he can not get we both ! a knife splinter through the door , inch from gale 's face . she scream . gale runnn ! sid back away , hysterical . she raise up the gun , fire into the door . blam ! blam ! blam ! gale duck out of the way . silence . the door cease to move . and then -- the body bag unzip and the second ghost emerge , knife in hand . the girl utter horrify scream . sid raise up the gun , go to fire when suddenly -- bam ! the bedroom door 's kick down and the other killer enter , grab sid by she shoulder , bat the gun from she hand . sid scream , punch she attacker in the chest . he wince . the second ghost grab gale , hold the knife to she throat , stop she in she track . sid make a beeline for the window , leap through the glass . the window shatter . sid come fly out onto the patio awning . she roll over onto the astro-turf grass , momentarily motionless . and then she come to . her eye flicker open , blurrily stare up at -- the ghost , leer out the shattered window frame . sid stand up , take off run towards -- the macher house set . CUT to : int . foyer - macher house set - night sid race into the foyer , slam the door close behind she . again , lock and bolt it . she look around , everything be once again the same as it be in woodsboro . this be where the climax of the original battle between good and evil wasfought . it 's déjr vu all over again . footstep o.s. dewey ( o.s. ) ( weakly ) sidney ? sidney turn around -- dewey stagger through the live room doorway , gun in hand . sidney ( eye lighting up ) dewey ! sidney embrace dewey . dewey where 's gale ? sidney they have get she ! dewey sid I want you to stay here ! I will be right back ! I be not gonna let they get gale ! dewey unlock the front door , swing it open . stand across the set be the ghost , knife raise . dewey ( tightening grip on gun ) hold it right there you fucker ! dewey go to fire . click . click . click . out of bullet . dewey ( nervously ) oh shit ! the ghost wind back , launch the knife . it swirl through space before embed into dewey 's arm , launching he back through the doorway . sidney scream . dewey 's unconscious again . the ghost race for the open door . sid scream , kick it close . lock and bolt it again . a crash o.s. sid turn around -- a body roll down the staircase , cover in blood . it come to a halt at sidney 's foot , a unmove , rumple figure . it's angelina tyler . she 's be brutally stab . sidney ( cry ) oh god. but angelina's eye OPEN . a sick rictus smile forming on she lip . she pull out a gun , aim it at sidney 's face . angelina time to sort thing out . whatta you say ? CUT to : int . macher live room - set - night angelina walk sidney into the live room at gunpoint . gale 's be handcuff and toss onto the couch . on the tv -- home video footage of maureen prescott play . sidney it 's you ?! all of this be because of you ? angelina no . not all of it . sid , someone really want to meet you . sid try to run , angelina train the gun on she . cause she to stop in she track . angelina uh-un sid . you be not gonna run off . not now . voice ( o.s. ) you be not go anywhere sidney . it 's time you come to term with I , and with mother ! maybe you never know she at all , sid . maybe you can not get past the surface of thing . the ghost enter frame , rip open he costume to reveal a kevlar bullet proof vest . sidney who the hell be you ? the ghost the other half of you ! I searched for a mother too , a actress name Rina reynold . I try to find she my whole life . and four year ago I actually track she down , knock on she door , think she would welcome I back with open arm , but she have a new life and a new name , Maureen Prescott ! you be the only child she claim sidney . she shut I out in the cold forever , she own son ! the ghost rip off he mask . it's roman . sidney 's deathly quiet . roman Roman bridger , director . and brother . ( a beat ) she slam the door in my face , sid . Said I be Rina 's child and Rina be dead . and it strike I , what a good idea ! so I watch she , make a little home movie , a little family film . seem Maureen , mom , really get around . I mean , cotton weary be one thing , everybody know about that , but billy 's father , that be the key ! you boyfriend do not like see he daddy in my movie . do not like it at all . and once I supply the motive , all the kid need be a few pointer . have a partner to sell out in case you get catch , find someone to frame , it be like she be make a movie . sidney all the nightmare . all the hell I go through be because of you , you spineless bastard ! roman I be a director sid , I direct . for example , angelina over there , ( angelina smile ) she 's my partner . I can convince she to do anything . we have be dating since I meet she in woodsboro . sidney ( dryly ) oh my God , Angie crick ? from English class ? angelina that 's I sid . I always idolize you . you be always my hero . that 's why I be here sidney . I want to make you proud . roman and I kinda keep she around cause it 's a bit of a turn - on . you know , in the movie she 's you sid , so every time I jump she bone , I be do you , technically . sidney ( repulse ) listen , I have no time for this . I have hear this shit before ! so let get on with it ! roman wait a second sid . do not you go jump the gun . you have not see the best part . ( pull out tape recorder ) with the aide of the computer revolution of y2 kI have be able to steal you voice . ( press play ) ai not it cool ? listen to what the police be gonna find next to you lifeless , mutilate body . sidney ( off tape recorder ) I can not take it anymore . this Hollywood exploitation of the nightmare I live have to be stop . I do this to make you all repent for you sin , and now I be pleased I have get my message across . good-bye . sid squirm . roman ( click off tape recorder ) awesome . what would I tell ya ? heh . do youknow that John milton , be my daddy ? yep , he 's the one who fuck mommy dearest in the long run . his party , he fling , exploit the Hollywood nobody ! that 's why I have to make he pay . daddy dearest be dead . mommy 's dead . look like I be a orphan all alone in this world . what a good reason to -- stab myself ! Roman stab himself in the arm . he scream , go stagger back into angelina 's arm . roman see sidney , as amateur as billy and stu be , they laid the groundwork for this ! see sidney , they also set the stage for you ! introduce to the world sidney the victim ! sidney the survivor ! sidney the star ! Roman continue stabbing himself . in the shoulder . in the side . in the leg . bleed and haze , he hand the gore drench knife to angelina . roman see sid , now come the part where we get away with it ! the part where we win ! Cause face it sidney , in this world , the bad guy win ! sidney Roman knock it off ! do you people even know why you kill people ? you kill people cause you choose to and not because of any other fuck reason ! angelina ( scream ) Roman make she stop ! make she stop baby she 's freaking I out ! roman ( scream ) God damn it sidney ! Roman lunge at sidney . sid scream , take off through the kitchen . gale roll herself off the couch . Angela run over and kick she in the rib . gale ( cough ) hey bitch , do not ever use prop cuff to restrain gale weather . gale pop off the handcuffs . gale ( leaping up ) I know all the trick ! gale barrel into angelina , tackle she into the coffee table before she have a chance to move . angelina struggle to raise she knife . meanwhile -- roman , -- chase sid into the foyer . she race past the spot where dewey fall earlier . he 's go ! Roman jump at she . sid disappear into another room . the chase continue . gale and angelina , continue the fight . gale 's slamm angelina 's head against the hardwood floor . angelina swipe , slashing gale along the side , deeply . gale scream , begin to crawl away . she kick angelina in the face . angelina drop the knife . gale stand up , begin to back away . sidney -- come round into the foyer again . Roman 's right behind she . suddenly , wham ! the laundry room door swing open and the ghost emerge , knife in hand . he bury the knife deep into Roman 's chest , send he fly backwards . sidney scream . the ghost stop in he track , pull off he mask -- it's only dewey . he can barely stand up . he 's bleed profusely from he wound . dewey and sid embrace . sidney dewey my God I think you be dead . dewey do not worry sid I would never leave you like that . scream o.s. sidney dewey ! it's gale ! sidney and dewey race into -- live room -- gale 's get angelina in a headlock , right beneath the tv unit . gale ( scream ) this be for the stardom I never have ! bitch ! gale release , leap up , she push the tv set down onto angelina 's head . angelina scream , she body tremble from the electric shock and high voltage . sid and dewey stand in the doorway , breathless . gale approach they . she and dewey embrace tightly . angelina 's twitching corpse go limp . sidney , spot a gun on the mantle . she grab it , cock it . --foyer -- the three survivor step into the foyer . sid look down at Roman 's corpse . dewey watch out sid . Randy say the killer 's always superhuman . sidney he be not superhuman dewey . he be not superhuman at all . then a horrifying scream rip through the air . angelina come racing out of the live room , face a blacken , kentucky - fry mess . everyone scream , one epic last scream . sid raise up the gun , fire , hit angelina dead center between the eye , send a splash of blood and brain matter onto the wall behind she . gale whoa ! holy shit be this gonna make a good book ! sid turn to Roman 's lifeless body . Pov looking up on sid turning the gun down on US -- sidney ( piss ) this shit be really get repetitive , you know ? sid scrunches up she face in anger , pull the trigger . blam ! a clean perfect shot to roman' head . sid drop the gun , walk off set . CUT to : ext . sunrise studio - the next morning the police , fire , and em be all on the scene of the crime . dewey 's wheeled out of the studio on a stretcher , load into a ambulance . int . ambulance gale 's right beside he on a stretcher . she lean over , take he hand . dewey gale , I know this be a bad time and all but what if we try it out again . the whole relationship thing . gale ( smile ) sure , why not . you do save my life , Mr. rielly . dewey smile . the two kiss feverishly . CUT to : wallace exite he car . he survey the damage . sid pass he . detective wallace Jesus Christ what happen ? I leave for two second to take my kid to the doctor , I come back and it 's the fuck wild bunch . sidney it be just something that 's be itching to be complete for the past four year . detective wallace I guess so . sidney take care detective . give my regards to the wife and kid . wallace nod he thanks as sidney walk off through the studio gate , the sun rise overhead , as calm and as casually as if nothing 's happen . slowly , we crane up to a aerial look down upon hollywood . another day be beginning . and this be the perfect end for a trilogy . CUT to black the end