scrooge a Christmas Carol by Mitchell glazer and Michael o'donoghue 7th draft november 23 , 1987 fade up on : 1 ext . NORTH pole - night 1 establishing shot of Santa 's workshop -- a quaint " gingerbread " cottage nestle in a serene , snow - cover valley . smoke curl from the chimney . music : Silent night play on a celeste enhance the Christmas card peace and beauty . | we move closer and isolate detail : : a candy -stripe column mark " NORTH pole . " below the glisten , icicle - trim eave , silhouett on the shade of a frost - veile window , elve put the final touch on some toy -- tapping a extra nail , add that last dab of paint . reindeer nervously paw the ground , gently jangling they sleighbells as they shake the snow from they antler . yard to he home behind the woodpile . a rusty , old weathervane creak in the breeze . all the cheek fat with acorn , a chipmunk scamper across the | arrow be stamp " ss . " in the sleigh sit a huge sack overflow with gift which include toy drum , bisque doll , teddybear . backlit by the full moon , a snowy owl hoot softly and shut he eye . the sky sparkles with star but one : shine brighter than the rest . be it a fall star ? no , it 's a flame mortar shell that scream into the cottage and explode in a tooth - jarring fireball of multiple blast . music change to standard tv action fare as a gritty - voice announcer cut in . announcer # 1 ( v.0 . ) Seven o'clock . psychos seize Santa 's workshop and only Chuck norris can stop they in -- cur to : violent montage a which include a elf knock out a window with a gun butt , santa slamm a clip in a assault rifle , close ups of AK - 47 and m-60s firing , bullet shredd a Christmas tree , bullet splintering a coo-coo clock , bullet chew up a row of candy cane . montage end on chuck norris poise in " Road warrior " arctic battle gear -- sleeve rip off , white bandana around head -- brandish a flame - thrower . super title . announcer # 1 ( v.0o . ) -- " the night the reindeer die . " chuck eat this ! Chuck pull the trigger , ' unload a fountain of fire . CUT to : omitted ext . bayou — day a tuxedoe bob goulet stand in a dugout deep in the bayou . he pole the boat while sing the Little drummer Boy . announcer turn syrupy . announcer . # 1 ( v.0 . ) eight -thirty . and America 's best -love singer invite you to share a home - style holiday when it 's -- super title . announcer # 1 ( v.0o . ) -- " Bob goulet 's Old fashion cajun Christmas . " bob '' pa-rum pum pum pum , just I and my drum . '' CUT to : 5 gator '' a hungry gator slide off the bank and head for Bob . 6 back to scene bob ( 0.s. ) " I and my drum . " CUT to : 7 ext . STREET - night . 7 * waist-high shot of sidewalk santa ringing bell on snowy street . music : Silver bell . announcer tough . announcer # 1 ( v.o. ) nine o'clock . someone be kill sidewalk santas and only loni Anderson can stop he in -- super : '' fat , jolly and " ... announcer # 1 ( v.o . ) -- " fat , jolly and " ... music end as we hear the SOUND of a lead pipe crushing a skull o.s . Bell slip from Santa 's hand and clatter to the gutter . finishing supering title with word '' dead " in drip , red letter . : announcer # 1 ( ¥v.0 . ) | -+. " Dead . " . | — cuT to : 8 int . '' victorian " parlor -- night 8 JOHN houseman sit in a wiftg chair . in front of a crackle fire read from a red leather - bound copy of scrooge . JOHN houseman " it be a cold , bleak Christmas Eve . the fog-drape street of London be ... " fade he audio . ( continued ) | to ) ay ber 8 continued : ~ N announcer # 1 ( v.o. ) ten o'clock . ibc present --. live -- via satellite from New York , bethlehem , Helsinki , West berlin’and the great barrier reef -- Charles dicken ' immortal Christmas classic scrooge . super title . announcer # 1 ( v.0 . ) star marlon brando , barbra streisand , former speaker of the House Thomas P. , " tip " o'neill , the solid gold dancer , and Mary Lou retton as tiny tim. scrooge . it will touch you every heartstring . CUT to : int . live room - night tv set with " scrooge " title on screen . a rockwellesque family be gather around watch tv -- mom and pop on couch , junior on the floor with he puppy and a bowl of popcorn , they happy face glow in the warm . tv light . junior hurry up , gramp ! it 's start ! gramp hurry in to join family . announcer # 1 ( v.0 . ) that 's right ! it all start on Christmas Eve . super : gleam silver . ibc . Network . logo full-frame . announcer # 1 ( v.0 . ) Christmas Eve on ibc -- under logo , super " yule love it . " announcer # 1 ( v.0o . ) you will love it . o 18 int . franks office - day 18 reveal that we have be watch a tv screen in a office at ibc -- the International Broadcasting company . the light come up . the same silver ibc logo be mount on the wall . a table be ringed with network executive . at. one end of the table be the big tv monitor . at the other end sit frank cross , president of ibc , who preside over the meeting . Frank be trim , polished and good-look . at thirty - eight , he be young for the powerful position he hold . the press still call he a " tv wonderkind . " co -worker call he the " smiling viper . " mrs . grace cooley , he attractive black secretary , sit near he take note . this be a power office -- bleak , modern and immense . it be on the 22nd floor with huge grid window that look down on New York City . it 's design to impress and intimidate . there be futuristic design furniture , a wall of tv monitor , a private bathroom , a small kitchen , a bar . above the ultra~modern desk hang a Picasso from he 1907 - 8 '' African - negro " period . the wall be decorate with primitive mask , the close thing Frank have to a hobby . the massive desk be litter with scrooge miscellany -- drawing , model , poster , swatch , etc . no one speak , wait for Frank 's reaction . there be a few nervous cough . finally Frank lean forward in the chair . frank it suck . executive 1 yeah , something 's miss ... I do not know . _ wayne , a smarmy sycophant , leap on the bandwagon . wayne the Chuck norris thing be way over the top . frank Chuck norris be fine . ( continued ) wayne i but somehow it work , I do not know why . executive 2 Nah , it 's something else . it 's not uh ... CO ) 18 continued : '' | | | | | wayne Bob goulet look wrong . we should have lose the gator . frank the gator 's great , Grace , refill . Grace leap for the coffee urn . wayne of course my kid love the gator . ted , aggressive young head of publicity , shake he head . ted on ? it 's not the gator , it 's not ~ Chuck norris , ... } wayne thank god scrooge work . frank scrooge stink . a ted ( snap he finger ) there 's you ' problem -- scrooge . frank we spend forty million dollar on a live tv show and we have get a ad with some old fart read a book - by a fire , eliot loudermilk , a slightly nerdy junior executive , raise he hand . eliot Sir , we have be run that spot for a month and we be get a terrific response . ( continued ) 16 19 11 12 13 continued : ( 2 ) a 16 frank I be the youngest president in the history of television for only one reason -- I know people . eliot but the people already want to watch the show . frank 's ogive eliot a dead stare ) that 's not enough . they have get to be afraid to miss it . Grace , kill the light . the room go black . a new tv promo begin . it be shot in high - contrast black and white , score with heavy metal , and feature grit-voice announcer # 2 . sfx : amplified heartbeat . black screen . announcer # 2 ( vv.o. ) freeway killer . ext . freeway - night will all five passengers of a speed car open up on the move camera in a blaze of gunfire . : announcer . # 2 ( v.0o . ) arab terrorist . will ext . sky - day 12 a 747 : explode in mid-air fireball : announcer # 2 ( v.0 . ) aids . int . hospital corridor - day . 13 ignoring o.s. scream , a grim sun - gun light nurse in starch white uniform stalk the camera , brandish a hypodermic needle like a icepick . announcer # 2 ( v.0o . ) teenage suicide . 14 15 16 17 int . school - day . 14 a o.s. gunshot splatter blood on a blackboard on which there be a childish draw of a cat with " cat " scrawle underneath , announcer # 2 ( v.0 . ) drug-craze maniac . int . apartment - day : 15 a knife - wield intruder with a stock pull over he face and a Nazi armband kick in the door and . lunge for the camera . announcer # 2 ( v.o. ) acid rain , ext . STREET - night 16 high -angle on shriek mob of people try desperately to fend off the rain that burn smoulder in they umbrella . ext . desert - pre -dawn 17 l.s. of a ominous black shape which stand in the sand like a tower mountain . music build . announcer # 2 ( v.o. ) now , more than ever , it be important to remember the true meaning of Christmas . a the o.s. rise sun illuminate the dark shape as the music build . announcer # 2 ( v.o. ) do not miss Charles dicken ' '' immortal . classie - -- scrooge . it 's evident that the shape be giant stark letter that form the title -- " scrooge " . . music peak . but suddenly a blind atomic blast shatter the letter . a mushroom cloud rise high in the sky . announcer # 2 ( v.o. ) you life might just depend on it . ( continued ) 17 18 continued : . camera pan down . Atomic dust clear to reveal candy cane lie in the dirt . slow dissolve to : int . area outside franks office - day 18 Shell - shocked exec spill out of Frank 's office . ashen , open-mouthed , they drift away from the meeting . Frank briskly move through they , spitting out instruction to Ted . Grace be close on they heel . track they as they walk down office corridor . illuminate poster of other ibc show line the hallway . frank ( to Ted ) I want that run every hour on the hour . ted get it . '' _¥ he peel off . Grace assumy Ted 's position by Frank 's side . frank get standards and practice up here . and I be gonna need to see reese . grace you attorney ? frank no , . the screamer in wardrobe , * which remind I - eliot ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , Mr. Cross ? * eliot rush up to they . eliot . Sir ? what ...uh ... what exactly tom do that ad have to do with scrooge ? ) ( continued ) 18 19 continued : versus frank nothing . why ? eliot * well ... it , uh , seem to perver the whole ... " spirit " of t Christmas . [ it will not make people feel good and joyous . this ad will frighten they . : ' frank ( smile coldly ) it will scare the dicken out of they ! Frank turn on he heel and head back to he office . Grace give eliot a sympathetic smile and int . area outside franks office - day follow . they reach Grace 's desk , neat and impersonal save for a child 's fingerpaint tape to she cubic frank : and , Grace , would you ah ...oh , what 's 's the name of the kid I with just talk to ? with glass bright kid , lot of gut ? grace eliot loudermilk . frank yeah , loudermilk . wwoul le wall . as , you call security , have they clean out he desk , change . he lock and toss shim out of ' the building . grace he 's fire ?. but it 's Christmas . frank thank you . call accounting and have he bonus stop . grace ( on phone ) loudermilk ? . code nine . he point at the fingerpaint . ( continued ) 19 will . 19 continued : have 19 : frank , | what 's this ? grace : it 's a painting : one of my kid do . see , there 's Santa and - frank . how many finger do Mrs. Claus have on she leave hand ? . grace ( study it ) four . frank on she right ? grace Seven , to he yank it off the wall and toss it to she . frank Grace , it 's crap . lose it . he head for he office . frank come in and bring you pad . 28 int . franks office - day 28 . Frank be make himself a " stab " stolichnaya and tab -- when Grace enter . ~ frank . okay , let 's get this over with . read I the list . * Grace take out the Christmas list . kot grace Goldberg '' , . : :_. - frank ue send - him.a vhs home , video recorder . grace | parker . for ql 26 21 22 12 . continued : so . 28 frank vhs . . grace : kaluta , frank the bath towel . grace , Brock , frank vhs . grace forristal . . frank towel . grace whitacre . Frank stand at the window , sip he drink , stare moodily down at the. street . it 's snow : heavily . frank what be the last rating on Police .Z00 ? ext . STREET outside ibc build - day 21 eliot loudermilk stand in the snowwoutside the ibc entrance , hold a tennis racket . _ cardboard box fill with he stuff sit pile on the curb . a briefcase sail out and . land at he foot .. we hear sad violin music -~ " eliot 's theme . " eliot look up at the tower skyscraper and raise he fist . eliot ( scream ) i get you Frank Cross you son as a bitch ! int . franks office .- day . =. .. 22 '' ( continued ) ~o 22 13 . continued : ty grace five point two neilson , seven share and a tvq .of three . frank / grace ( together ) towel . grace you brother . frank towel . Frank 's get impatient . he grab the list . frank just gimme that . towel , towel , vhs , towel ... and Grace ... put yourself down for a towel . grace what about my bonus : ? : £ frank and a face cloth . Grace answer the phone . he throw back the drink . - grace Mr. Cross ' office . yes , I will tell he . she hang up . of grace , Mr. rhinelander 's on he way down . frank what ? he 's come here ? Jesus Christ , how do L. look ? she straighten he 's tie and fix he hair as he shove the vodka bottle in the desk drawer . .. he then assume a '' executive work pose " behind he desk , ' jotting : down note from a copy of Sport 's illustrate . Grace be about | to leave when she notice the Magazine be upside - down . she turn it right - side-up. and.exit as preston rhinelander enter . '' rhinelander , - ibc chairman , be in he sixty wit hite , hair . and pale ue eye . his manner be more thai eserve . '' '' it 's gold not ( continued ) 22 22 14 . continued : ( 2 ) '' frank Preston ! - what . a surprise . : he hold up - the Sports illustrate cover with Mary Lou retton in rag with crutch on the cover . frank I be just go over some of the great . press we be get on this , scrooge show . Mary Lou retton as tiny Tim . Frank babbles nervously in the face of rhinelander 's stony silence , frank and here 's the buy -- she do not just throw away she crutch and walk . she throw away she crutch , somersault across the floor , vault over .a lamppost and land in a full twist - rhinelander lean aéross the desk . rhinelander erank ? . frank yes ? rhinelander do you know how many cat , there be in this country ? : frank > no , not ah -- rhinelander twenty -seven million . do you know ‘how many dog ? frank in America ? rhinelander . . forty -eight million . we spend four billion . dollar on pet food alone . : Frank stall for time , unable a : gkbeb what he boss be drive at . ( continued ) 22 * N 22 continued : ( 3 ) . * frank four billion ? rhinelander * I know this must sound crazy , Frank , but I have here a study from hempstead University show that cat and dog be start to watch television . he hold up the report . rhinelander if this scientist be right , we have get to begin programming for they now . in twenty year , they could be steady viewer . frank programm .... for cat ? rhinelander listen , I be not say build a entire show around animal , all I be suggest be that we occasionally throw in a a little " pet appeal " -- some bird , a squirrel ... frank mice ? rhinelander . exactly . mice . remember - kojak and he lollypop ? how about a cop who dangle string ? that 's he : gimmick . lot of quick , random ' movement . Frank , - be not there a.doormouse in scrooge ? frank — no , but now that you mention it , I always feel it need a doormouse , . : rhinelander better yet . -- doormice . walk '' with I . be . 16 . 23 int . elevator bank - day % Frank and rhinelander enter . 2 rhinelander Frank , this show be the jewel in the ibc crown . . ( pin Frank with a - icy stare ) everything be riding on it . frank , Preston , I be personally oversee every stage of this project . we will own Christmas . rhinelander step into a up elevator . rhinelander that 's all I want to hear . lunch tomorrow -- 21 ? frank sound great . as the door close on rhinelander , the door of another elevator open and brice cumming step out . - Tan , sharp and yuppie-handsome , he see Frank and smile winningly . brice hi Frank . brice cumming . we meet at spago . frank yeah , right . he turn to go . > brice have you see Preston ? Frank turn back . frank _ he just go back upstairs . brice I just drop by to say hello . I go to school with the big guy 's son . . frank great . ~ ( continued ) 23 ne 23 24 25 continued : % ss brice step back inside the elevator . brice | gimme a call when you hit the coast . the door close : on he . omitted int . grace's area outside franks office - dusk Frank blow past Grace . frank ( over he shoulder ) get I a full report on brice cumming .. grace you be due at the helmsley Palace in five minute . can I ask you - frank not now . . grace I can not stay late tonight . I have to take my little boy to the doctor 's . frank then I suggest you get to work on that report . - grace but i. make this appoint - -frank because the sooner you be do , the sooner you can leave . grace could not I - frank if it 's a problem , I be sure there be lot of young , whiter secretary who would just love you job , {more ) ( continued ) 17 . 23 * '' 5 24 * 25 * '' ) 25 26 27 18. continued : *s 25 * , frank ( cont would ) ( softly ) loud and clear . grace yes sir . you brother 's wait for you inside . int . franks office - dusk 26 his young brother , jame cross , have be sit in the office watch it all . James be a lanky , decent-look fellow . he renovate brownstone which explain why he 's wear paint- fleck jeans and a beatup shaggy Dog sweater . jame hey , Francis . you be a little tough on she . you know what they say " if you treat . people badly on the way up - " frank ( impatiently cut in ) ms you cdn also treat they badly on ° the way down . it 's great . you get two chance to treat they badly . . listen , I be .out of here . ext . ibc build / park avenue - night 270 * James and Frank make they way through heavy holiday crowd . James rubberneck , " '' ooh " at the sight . Frank just plow through . | jame I really like this time of year . even in New York . people be nicer to . each other . '' in see a cab driver help a old lady with she package . well actually it be not a old lady , it be more like a ' young , teenage ... hooker , but he ' do get out and help she with she package . cl 28 19 . ext . rockefeller CENTER / fifth avenue - night jame wow ! look at that tree . Frank walk on , oblivious . ' jame you do not like Christmas , do you ? a crowd - have gather around sing . caroler / salvation army band block the sidewalk . frank like it ? I love it . it 's cold . people be home watch tv . ad revenue jump thirty percent . I be the biggest fan Christmas ever have . . ( elbow through crowd ) Jesus , think this idiot could take up more room !? jame any chance you can make it for Christmas dinner ? you can finally see my - frank . - pointless life ? '' jame hey , back off . what 's the problem -- I have friend ? and a wife I be crazy about ? frank * Fine , you have you dinner with you '' concerned and involved " - friend , okay ? send each other Christmas : cards.on ' recycle paper and string " real " popcorn and " real " cranberry for the " real " tree . and babble about the '' priceless gift of share " and kid with they eye big . as teacup and squeeze - toy for the dog and ( in falsetto ) " oh , honey , it 's just what I always want ! this be the most wonderful Christmas ever ! " but , jamy , count I out ! ~ ( continued ) 28 ond 35 36 37 38 39 46 on 21. int . helmsley palace dine room - night 35 pan down dais past archbishop and mayor koch holding on Frank who speak at a podium , frank ».. and he ask -- " what 's old , wrinkle , and hang out you short ? " . angle on the archbishop 36 glance at Frank apprehensively . angle on frank 37 frank the answer , of course , " you mother . " angle on archbishop 38 burst into laughter . angle on audience 39 New York 's power elite laugh from they table . angle on frank 4b frank wr but seriously , we be , when it come right down to it , one big ' family . I get into . broadcasting because I care about people . sometimes I care a little too much --. and that hurt -- but I never forget something the Beatles once say -- " the love you take be equal to the love you make . " he hold up a trophy of a man lead a small boy by the hand . frank thank you . 41 42 through 45 46 47 48 22. wide angle ~ 41 revealing a big banner behind he which read : '' humanitarian of the year " . frank . I will always cherish this award . 42 omitted through 44 ext . EL subway station - night 45 Grace and calvin , Grace 's five - year old son , descend the stair from the elevate and head towards they street . ext . grace's project build - night 46 ° Grace and calvin walk hand - in-hand towards they graffiti-scarred project . they go inside and head up the stair . feliz navidad drift out of a ground floor apartment . ext . / int . ibc build - night 47 a cab pull up to the ibc entrance . Frank wordlessly get out and walk into the building , leave the humanitarian Award on the seat . we follow he past the two ibc security guard man the security system console , past a display for scrooge , ‘across the vast marble lobby to the elevator bank . ~ Frank push the elevator button , the door silently open , he enter and they close behind he . ext ./ int . grace's apartment -- night 48 Grace stand in she shabby hallway fumble with she front door key . before she can unlock it , the door fly open . shasta and randee , seven - year - old twin , wrap themselves around she leg , squealing with joy . twins momma 's home ! momma 's home ! ( continued ) 48 49 23. continued : a 48 a velvet painting of Martin luther King hang over a cardboard fireplace . Age - wear Christmas decoration and a peculiar nativity scene which include he - man , starlite and a Care bear , bring some cheer 'to the dreary live room . the apartment be a little cramped for a family of four . unfortunately , there be nine live there . randee run over to calvin , pull he inside . as Grace enter , steven , she fifteen - year-old , dread - lock son , bound in from the kitchen , he young sister , lanell , on he heel . steven hi Mom ! Steven take calvin 's coat and lead he over to the couch , steven calvin . come here , man . sit down . calvin stare blankly . steven so what 's happen ? everything okay ? you wanna play catch . he toss a sponge ball to calvin who fail to react , it bounce off he chest . randee stupid , he do not wanna play catch . he want to play . she - ra -- princess of power ! . she dance the she - ra doll up calvin 's leg . he do not respond , ext./ int . franks office = night 49 Frank exit the elevator . he unlock the door to he office , walk in , switch on the light , and lock the door behind he . Frank take off . he coat , triggers - a wall of tvs , and head for the bar . we catch the tail end of a ad and start into another ibc Christmas show . we see on tv : 58 51 24 , ext . ocean floor - day . 56 a nativity scene at the bottom of the ocean with fish swim through creche . John Denver 's calypso plays . super title " jacque cousteau's christmas beneath the sea " . the tv continue o.s. while we watch Frank settle in . he loosen he tie . he stir he drink . the flicker light from the tv screen make the mask seem to come alive . int . grace's kitchen - night 51 gramma , a loony " koko Taylor " type blue mama , set bowl of food down on the kitchen table . Grace come out of she bedroom , drying she hair with a ibc towel . shasta hold on to Grace 's robe . grace what 's for dinner , gramma ? gramma wheaty and olive . grace again ? gramma honey , after calvin 's 's doctor bill be pay , we be tacky to afford that . grace I know Mom but -- look , how about just the wheaty ? shasta__ or olive ! lanell enter the kitchen . lanell shasta , Steven need you . right now . shasta skip out the door . ( continued ) | | | 51 continued : *y lanell so what do the doctor say ? grace same as all the other . he need special treatment . it 's gonna take a lot of money . gramma pour milk over the cereal and olive . gramma I do not see what all the fuss be about . calvin 's a sweet child . he 's just a little shy . grace Mom , he have not speak a word in four year . gramma well , he 's get a lot on he mind , he 's a thoughtful little boy . lanell : gramma , face it -- he 's cat atomic . | grace catatonic , honey . lanell do you ... do he give you the bonus ? '' grace yeah , I be drying my hair with it . peal of high - pitch laughter : erupt from the live room . grace — what be they up to ? gramma they be just trimmin' the tree . grace we do not have a tree . 25 . 51 26 . 52 int . live room - night ~s 52 Grace race in to find calvin , wear red and green pj 's , stand on the coffee table . he be cover with tinsel , string of blink light , dangle ornament and a shiny silver star be stick on he forehead . grace oh no . kid , get that stuff off he , | . steven but Mom he look so pretty . gramma even better than last year . grace yeah , but still ... lanell some day we get to get a real tree . 53 int . franks office - night . 53 on tv , Denver continue to sing calypso over shot of * underwater manger with fish . drink in one hand , cigarette in the other , Frank shout * into the phone cradle on he shoulder . frank * no , that will not do , heat wave or no heat wave , you guy promise I the world 's biggest snowman . no , I be not cut to Helsinki to see hedwig , the ice skate goose ... I do not give a fuck how fast she skate ! intercom buzy . frank get back to I . * opunch button ) what ?! man ( 0.s. ) ( on intercom ) Mr. Cross . visitor on the way up . ( continued ) 53 54 55 56 27 . continued : . 53 frank ( into intercom ) hold it . I do not authorize any visitor . int . ibc lobby - same time . 54 ibc guard 1 talk to Frank on the phone . ibc guard 1 Excuse I , sir ? frank ( 0.s. ) ( on phone ) you tell I you send somebody up . ibc guard 1 no sir . no one 's go up . must be a cross wire . frank ( 0.s. ) well fix it ! ibc guard 1 yes sir . right away . he hang up . ibc guard 2 who 's that ? ibc guard 1 . Der fuhrer . sound like .he 's hit the bottle pretty hard tonight . ' they do not see the floor indicator light change as the elevator - rise and stop on the 22nd floor . int . area outside franks office - night 55 we see the door to Frank 's office . 0.s. elevator door open and we hear ominous drag footstep . . int . franks office - night 56 there be a knock on the door . ( continued ) 28. continued : . 56 Frank press the intercom . frank who 's there ? he get no answer . puzzle , he unlock the door and step out into the hall . the hall be empty . he come back inside and bolt the door . immediately , knocking start , loud and get louder , crack the plaster , rock the frame , dent the door itself . the pounding stop . frank who 's there ?!? the door explode off its hinge , sailing across the room , the force of the blast knock Frank to the floor . Frank stumble to he foot , bleed from a cut on the cheek . . the room be a shamble . as the dust settles , we see a man stand in the smoulder doorway . or what 's leave of a man . it 's lew wexler , Frank 's ex-boss and mentor at ibc . he wear rotting golf tog complete with checker pants , tassele shoe and a robin 's egg blue alpaca sweater , and he drag a big , bulky golf bag cramme with club . lew be a decaye corpse , a Rick Baker nightmare with moss grow on he and a mouse - hole in he forehead . lew hi , Frank . do you mind if I help myself to a drink ? swing a rusted putter , lew amble across the room to the bar and pour himself a scotch . his golf shoe click on the parquet . Frank be not easily rattle . he open a drawer and pull out a revolver . holding the gun police - style with both hand , he empty it into 's lew 's back . five shot hit he with a dull " thek ! " kick upa little dust . it 's like shoot a old pillow . the other shot shatter the glass of scotch . . ( continued ) o 56 29 . continued : ( 2 ) ' lew turn around hold the break glass . lew I do not mind if you hit I , Frank , but take it easy on the dewar 's . he turn back to make himself a new drink . Frank drop the gun . now he 's rattle . lew raise he glass in a toast ... lew to old time . ++. and downs it . the scotch cascade out the hole in he throat and form a puddle at he foot . Frank step forward , recognize he . frank oh my God ! it 's ... lew lew wexler . you old boss . and you best friend . frank but you be dead ! lew for seven year . Frank stall as he move across the room toward a red '' panic : button " security alarm near the door . frank have it - be seven year ? gosh , look at you , i.would not say more than . three , top . lew you be in big trouble , Frank . Frank edge closer to the button . a white mouse peek out of the hole on lew 's skull . frank let 's say , for argument 's sake , that you be right , that I be in big trouble . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 56 57 alll : nae ! 58 59 30 . continued : ( 3 ) - 56 frank ( cont would ) what exactly would that mean , lew ? lew unless you change you way , you will be doom as I be to wander the earth forever . : frank '' doom to wander the earth ? " what do you do there in Hell , lew -- watch masterpiece theater ? lew moan menacingly . Frank lunge for the button and slam it . int . ibc lobby - night 57 at the-console , a shrill alarm and flash red light go off . ibc guard 1 switch off the alarm and answer the phone , ibc guard 1 yes sir . frank ( 0.s . ) ( on phone ) help ! help ! int , franks office - night . 58 Frank babbling into intercom . . frank there 's ' something up here ! he , che break down my door ! ( he 's a corpse with a mouse ! int . ibc lobby - night 59 ibc guard roll he eye . frank ( 0.s. ) {into phone ) he 's threaten I ! he 's scare I ! he 's ... 68 61 62 31 . int . office - night os : 68 frank ( grop for word ) he 's ... lew ( 0.s . ) setting fire to my Picasso . frank ( repeat ) . he 's set fire to -- Frank jerk a look at lew who 's hold he Picasso . frank my picasso !!! the Picasso spontaneously burst into flame . int . ibc lobby - night 61 ibc guard 1 we be on we way . he hang up . ibc guard 1 whatta you think ? ibc guard 2 let he sleep it off . int . franks office - night I 62 lew rub he forehead . lew I have ' such a headache . get any tylenol ? o. Frank be beat at the smoulder painting with he hand . frank do you know what this be worth ?! the mouse jump out of the hole and perches on lew 's shoulder . ( continued ) 62 continued : 32 . lew you life ? you forget just what a precious thing life be . Worth more than even a Picasso . lew address - a golf ball with he putter . lew one minute I be stand on the fourteenth hole at wingfoot . ' line up a putt . a heart attack later , I be a worm feast . frank come on , lew , you be not a worm feast . you be ... a hallucination . I know , I have be drink too much , we see a close up of the white mouse . Frank dab frank I be under a lot of pressure with this whole - lew silence ! I have it all . I be a captain of industry . fear by man . adore by woman . frank adore ? lew , let 's be honest , you pay for the woman . the cut on he cheek witha handkerchief . lew I 've.come to : warn you --.do not waste . you life .as I do mine . frank _ " waste ? ! " how can you say that -- the man who invent the mini-sery ? you be a legend in this business . lew mankind should have be my business ! Charity , mercy , kindness , love -- that should have be my business ! Frank , for you own sake , wake up ! get involved ! ( continued ) 63 62 33. continued : ( 2 ) > the mouse scamper back to he hole . lew ( sigh ) it 's too late for I but you can still save yourself . you will be visit by three ghost . expect the first tomorrow afternoon at one o'clock . frank tomorrow 's bad for I , lew . in fact , this whole week 's no good . why do not we take a lunch on ... lew lurch forward , back Frank up against a wall . frank «+» not Monday , Tuesday 's out . how about drink , Wednesday ? you , I , the ghost , say Trader vic 's around fou -- lew suddenly grab he by the throat . with frightening strength , he lift he off he foot and carry he effortlessly across the floor toward the window . frank or tomorrow 's fine ! [ | could squeeze you in anytime , say break -- lew thrust he through a window , without break the glass , and hold he kick the ait . twenty - two storey above the street . frank . baraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! i! in a low .. angle , we see one of Frank 's shoe come off and plummet toward the pavement . lew this be not a joke , Frank ! this be you last chance ! ext . window - night Frank be crazy with fear , clutching lew 's arm for all he 's worth . ( continued ) 62 63 63 64 continued : . prank I believe you ! I believe - but the arm ... begin to ... give way . the sleeve rip . the bone splinter . the flesh pull apart . frank oh God please do not ! no ! the arm come off in he hand . he 's fall , hurtle toward the street . match CUT to : int . franks office = same time Frank sail through the air , slamm into he leather lounge chair . he jolt awake . panicked , gasp with terror and confusion , he take in the office . it be completely intact . no trace of the nightmarish lew wexler at all -- the Picasso hang unharme , the door be undamage . even the cut on he cheek be go . Frank run to the. phone , frantically dial . frank ( into phone ) Doctor rosenblum !? dr . rosenblum ( v.0 . ) ( recording on answer machine ) . hello . this be Dr. rosénblum . I be - sunavailable right now but if you . leave you name and number , I will return you call at my earliest : . possible convenience , until : then , '' remember that life is. like . a elevator -- with a up button . and a down button . it 's up to you which one you push . frank this be Frank Cross goddammit and I need to talk to you right now ! I need to talk to somebody ! I think I be have a nervous - the '' beep " cut he off . he slam the phone down and scramble across the room to he desk . ( continued ) 63 64 64 65 66 35 . continued : os 64 yanking the drawer out completely , he dump its content on the floor . Frank grab a leather address book stamp " business " and wildly tear through its densely fill page include countless business card paper- clipped to edge . he toss it aside and snatch a match address book stamp " personal " . as he flip through it we see its page be blank . he throw it aside and dig into the pile of papers , letter , finally pull out a rag scrap of paper . close on the paper 65 a rip paperback cover of the hobbit . he turn it over . we see write on the other side -- " for my preciousssss - love , Claire ch 3-3092 " . angle on frank 66 dial the phone number . we hear the phone ring several time and . finally be pick up . electronic tone . recorded operator ( v.0o . ) 243-3092 have be disconnect . 243-3092 have be disconnect . if you require further - Frank hang up and quickly dial information , frank ( into phone ) yes. for a Claire Phillips . p-h-i - in. Manhattan . uhm . try downtown . oh great , that 's it ! he hang up and immediately dial the number . claire ( v.0o . ) ( on phone ) hi ... frank Claire ! it 's I - ( continued ) ae 66 67 36 . continued : = 66 claire ( v.0 . ) ( on phone -- a Christmas song play behind she answer machine message ) »-- this be Claire . I have go a wassail . leave a message and I will call you right back . merry Christmas . frank ( on phone ) it 's Frank . Cross . I uhm I know it 's be ... ( check he watch ) ... fifteen year since we speak but I do not know who else to ... I ... something just happen . or maybe ... I do not know . I really need to talk to you ! it 's urgent ! please , please call I as soon as you get this . my number be uhm area code 212-877-4191 . that 's 877-41 - the phone machine " beep " cut he off . he slowly hang up . his gaze sweep the quiet office . he walk to the door , and run he hand along the door frame , try to convince himself that it be only a hallucination . after a moment , he shrug and turn for the bar . his leg suddenly shoot out from under he and he crash hard to the floor . the object he slip on bounce off the wall and roll back to he . Frank pick it up . close on 67 what he hold in he tremble hand -- a golf ball ! with advanced track , we hear the voice of Jacob marley . marley ( v.0 . ) Mark well this warning -- you may yet have a chance and hope of escape my fate . dissolve to : 68 37 . int . scrooge 's. bedroom in studio 8h - day 68 '' tip " o'neill as Jacob marley and marlon brando as scrooge rehearse they scene for that night 's performance , scrooge leave I , spirit . haunt I no more , we hear sawing o.s. ' stage manager ( 0.s. ) rehearsal in progress ! keep it down ! the sawing stop . stage manager ( 0.s. ) go ahead , marley . marley for you own sake , ebenezer , remember what have pass between we and shun the path I have tread . 69 omitted through 74 int . franks office - morning 75 reveal that we be watching this on a monitor in Frank 's office . a tv continue in b.g. Frank be sit at he desk stare at a front page . Ted ' stand behind he . angle on - New York Post front -page . the headline read -- '' ibc kill old woman ! " beneath it be a b&w photo of a sweet - face granny . ted apparently this eighty - year- old grandmother be watch you scrooge promo and , uh , just keele over . it scared she to death . ( continued ) '' 38 . ( | | 75 continued : on tv , marley rattles he chain and moan . prank Boy I know that ad work ! you can not buy publicity like this ! he spin he chair , face Ted . frank okay , here 's what you do . you stun the same ad every half hour and you stick a warning at the top tell anyone with a heart condition to leave the room . this be terrific ! J : : Grace rush over . grace I have that report you want on - frank read it .. grace " brice cumming , 27 , graduate top of class at ucla . make a name in live tv , sport . won three emmy for Olympic . one Emmy for Super bowl . make vice - president - " frank I know all that . ué he snatch the report from she , scan it . frank gimme some dirt . drug , booze , guy -- what 's he problem ? ted what do you want I to tell the reporter downstairs ? Frank ball up the brice resume and fling it into the trash , frank let I think ... ( continued ) 75 76 continued : ( 2 ) . he get up , walk to the window . frank okay , Grace , take this , down : " we at ibc be shocked ... and appal by this ... tragedy . " he put he hand on he hip , deep in think . frank ' " a network be make up of people -- ordinary Americans like you or I . it be only through caring for each other - " ted in other word the standard statement . frank yeah . but make it christmasy . int . ibc tv studio 8h - day tight shot of a age , carve sign that read -- scrooge & marley . a hand come into the shot hold a aerosol spray can . a blast of brown paint hit the sign 's border , camera crane up to reveal the 19th century London street be create . carpenter hammer frantically building the " scrooge " set , a poulterer 's storefront be hoist into place ; the grocer 's stall stock with fake produce , the window of the toy store spray with frost . technician snake cable through the set dodging the painter and carpenter , Ted run over to Frank who 's - reeling off order to Grace . ted —. we have get . a real situation downstairs . there must be three , four hundred protestor . frank what 's they problem ? ted they blame we for kill that old lady . ( continued ) 75 76 48. ms , 76 continued : . 76 = =* a ) el frank well get the cop and clear .'em out . ted that 's really not the best pr , sir . frank , okay , tell ‘em we share they concern and that the executive responsible have be fire . ted what executive ? frank eliot loudermilk of course . and tell they -- even better -- find a spokesman and I will meet with he personally . po Ted turn to go . Frank grab he arm . frank pick somebody small and old . a dour lady censor come over with a sexy solid gold dancer in tow . the dancer wear a terry robe over she shoulder . | lady censor she 's not go on the air . | frank why .not ? ( to Grace ) do you set up my shrink appointment for one o'clock ? grace you have get that lunch with Mr. rhinelander . frank then make it for after lunch . in my office . Frank turn back to the Lady censor . ) ( continued ) oy 41 . continued : ( 2 ) a lady censor I be sorry but standards and practice can not allow this costume on the air , frank what 's wrong ? a prop man , balance a fake victorian street lamp on he shoulder , totter through . , prop man 1 watch you back ! lady censor ( to Frank ) well ... specifically , you can see she nipple . frank I want to see she nipple . America want to see she nipple . lady censor but it 's a Christmas show . Frank rip the robe from the dancer 's shoulder revealing a sheer , sequine , " chimney sweep " outfit . the prop man stop dead in he track , swinging around for a eyeful . frank Charles dicken would have want to see she nipple ! 'w Frank notice the panting prop man . frank hey ! ~ what be you lookin ' at ? prop man 1 sorry . he ' whip around , slamm the censor in the back of the head with the lamppost . she drop out of frame . claire ( 0.s. ) ( from behind Frank ) lumpy ? ( continued ) 76 | 77 78 42 . continued : ( 3 ) my 76 =* Big romantic music sting . Frank turn to see claire phillip -- a strike woman in she early thirty . she be out - of-breath , she face flushed , second -hand coat buttone wrong , she hat askew . claire ( panting ) I be sorry . I do not get you message until this morning . I '' call you office but they say you be not in yet so then I call later and they say you be busy so I just decide to - she stop , really see he for the first time . claire Boy , you look different . frank yeah , well , it 's be a while . claire it 's you hair ! I have never see you with short hair before . it make you look so ... " grow up . " director ( 0.s. ) ( over p.a. ) Frank , check this out . raucous rock track fill the studio . angle on solid gold dancer 77 wear spike heel and the . sheer costume , gyrate to the music . . Fake snow fall . back to scene 78 Frank kneel by the. fall . Lady censor . she lie on the floor , daze and groggy , as the ibc nurse bandage she head . frank that work . you just have to see it in context . ( continued ) . 43 . | | | | 78 continued : *y 78 * claire be she gonna be alright ? frank oh yeah . she 's a pro . * claire what about you ? you sound like '' you would see a ghost . frank ghost ?. ha , ha ! oh , you mean . that phone call last night ? I , ya know , run across you number so I just think I would check in and see how you be do . a burly prop man walk over , wait a few foot away . claire I know you . I know that voice . that be the frighten lumpy I hear . I the prop man step up to Frank hold a wriggle live mouse in one hand and a pair of tiny antler in the other . : prop man 2 Excuse I , lumpy ? frank ' ( snap ) Mr. Cross ! prop man 2 sorry . I just . start . - here . TI do not - _ frank what ?! prop man 2 Sir , we be havin ' a helluva time glue antler on this mouse . we try crazy glue . we try - frank try staple . ( continued ) 44 , 78 continued : ( 2 ) '' 78 the prop man look at the mouse , shrug and exit . frank ( to Claire ) anyhow , I be ... listen I apologize for call so late . I hope I do not wake you husband or - claire : _ no problem . I be still single . they look at each other for a moment . " tip " o'neill rush past still in he marley makeup . claire be that " tip " o'neill who just walk by ? frank yeah , claire : I wonder if he would remember I ? frank you have meet he ? claire I chain myself to he bumper . frank still try to save the world ? claire mo . ( gently ) . I still try to run it ? frank ( suddenly angry ) get the hell outta here ! " claire but , but you call I . frank ( point over she shoulder ) who be you ?! Claire turn to see -- calvin , Grace 's little boy , ) peer from behind the poulterer 's display window . ( continued ) 78 45 . continued : ( 3 ) . 78 frank how would you get in here ? Frank grab calvin by the collar . the little boy stare mutely up at he . frank Fine , do not talk to I ! talk to the police ! he haul calvin out of the store . frank Security ! Grace dash into the room . grace wait ! wait ! that 's my little boy ! frank well ... what 's he do here ? grace I think it would be fun for he to see a real , live - frank this be .a network not a daycare center ! keep he out of the way ! Grace leave with calvin . claire why be you so angry ? frank why : can not you button you . coat ? embarrass , Claire fumble with the coat , rebuttone it . claire sorry , I be in such a hurry this - it 's still buttone wrong . frank no. just , come here . ( continued ) 78 46 . continued : ( 4 ) a 78 Frank start buttone she coat . it 's the first time he 's touch Claire in fifteen year . he realize it . frank you eye be so ... green . claire ( blush ) I , uh , get that new tinted contact . they look stupid , '' right ? you can see the brown in the - frank no . they look - loud hammering begin o.s. frank ( to carpenter ) think you could do that later ? Ted hustle over . ted Frank , I find you spokesman . director ( 0.s. ) {over p.a. ) Frank , Zulu Nation on line one . claire listen , I would better go . frank tell they to hold . * Frank and Claire look at each other . * claire Frank , what do happen last night ? frank oh , something I eat . a bad clam . I do not know . : claire well if it ever happen again , ... ( hand Frank she card ) '' -- give I a call . . ( continued ) 78 47 . continued : ( 5 ) a 78 she look at he for a moment and leave . he watch * she walk away . the hammer resume . Frank glance at the card . it read -- " operation reach out - claire phillip , director - 514 W. 43rd St. - 975-1440 . " man ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , Mr. Cross ? Frank pocket the card as he wheel on the small , elderly man stand beside he . frank oh you ! I know what you be gonna say . it 's my fault . well let I ask you something . what about the hundred million people who watch that ad and do not die ?! what about they ? ! man I do not think - | . frank that 's right , you do not think ! ted ( 0.s. ) frank. frank not now . I be run a business here ! I be just try to ' get people to watch my show ! ~ sometimes I gotta slap them in the face just to : get they attention ! ted -( 0.s. ) frank. _ : frank get away . people want to see car ' bomb ! - people want to see death squad and drug war ! they want to see 747 slam into a mountain and mud slide and head on pole ! ami right ?! or be I crazy ?! ( continued ) 78 aed 79 8a 48. continued : ( 6 ) a 78 man jeez , I do not know , mister . I be just from the cab company . one of we driver find this in the back seat . he hand Frank the " humanitarian of the year " trophy . frank ( to carpenter ) ' stop that goddamn hammer ! ted ( 0.s. ) Frank ! Frank turn to see Ted stand with a sweet , white - haire nun hold a picket sign that read : " merry christmas not scary christmas ! " she stare at Frank in horror . ted uhm , I would like you to meet sister Mary Margaret from the concerned viewer of America . frank I say , knock it off !!! the carpenter look up from he work and shrug . carpenter okey doke . the support he have be brace snap : set a chain reaction which cause the entire set to crash to the floor in a cloud of dust . angle on lady censor 79 she head wrap in gauze , look up helplessly as the last flat inevitably topple toward she . dissolve to : omitted 8b 49 . 81 int . restaurant - day yy the wood -panel , conservative restaurant be crowded with New York 's business elite . Frank and Preston rhinelander sit at a power table set for three . rhinelander so how 's everything go ? frank ( brush dust off he shoulder ) ' could not be better . headwaiter can I get you gentleman something from the bar ? rhinelander yes , I will have a highball . frank make that two . the headwaiter exit . rhinelander ee ! do you hear from the embassy ? frank everything 's fine . we will be cut back and forth between scrooge in we studio , leroy Neiman painting the Berlin Wall , and the Holy Father bless the Zulu Nation , as rhinelander that 's just the point , . Frank . I be - worried you be spread yourself a little thin . so I have take the liberty of hire somebody to work with you . frank uh...great . rhinelander I know you would be pleased . frank could not be more pleased . who be be it ? ( continued ) 81 i 81 58. continued : ~ 81 rhinelander call out to someone across the room . rhinelander brice ! stand in the doorway , brice cumming wave acknowledgingly and stride to the table . brice . ( to Frank ) well , we meet again . he shake Frank 's hand and sit . brice Frank , I know this be come at you pretty damn fast . but I want you to understand my only function here be to take some of the burden off you shoulder . Frank look from brice to rhinelander , totally confuse . brice a lot of man in you position would see I a threat . it 's only natural ... stun and speechless , Frank can only watch brice babble on . the clock strike one . Frank stiffen , remember lew wexler 's warning . lew ( v.o. with echo ) you will be visit by three ghost . expect the first at one o'clock . Frank jerk a look at the grandfather 's clock in the corner . it read one . . .. brice ( 0.s . ) ++. but when Preston hire I this morning as sort of , a , oh , " consultant " I suppose you would call it , I say to he , " consider I just one of the team . '' Frank look down at he digital watch . it read -- 1:00 . ( continued ) j 81 82 83 51 . continued : ( 2 ) . 81 brice ( 0.s. ) my lacrosse coach have a say that I think be really stupid at the time ... , Frank nervously scan the restaurant , search for lew 's promise apparition . brice ( 0.s. ) he use to say , " there be no in t-e-a -m . " F the headwaiter arrive , serve they they drink . Frank reach for he . close up - franks glass 82 a human eyeball , bloody vein trail behind it , float in the glass . back to scene 83 he scream . headwaiter I be sorry , I think you order a eyeball . i'1l take it away . the waiter immediately snatch the glass and walk to the kitchen . the other businessmen in the restautaht stare at Frank , mutter , shaking they head . rhinelander ' reach : across ' the table : grab : Frank 's wrist . rhinelander ( softly ) do not fall apart on I now , Frank . bead of sweat form on Frank 's brow . frank no , no , I be ... I be just a little ... ( to brice ) you lacrosse coach say ... what ?! ( continued ) continued : ns 52 . 83 brice the point be , Frank - the headwaiter return to Frank 's table . * headwaiter Excuse I , be you gentleman , ready to order ? in the b.g , over rhinelander 's shoulder , we see a waiter bring a baked Alaska to another table . brice great . yes , I will have the mix grill . rhinelander Bobby , how 's the rack of lamb today ? headwaiter excellent choice . ( to Frank ) Sir ? at the other table , the waiter set the match to the baked Alaska and explode into flame . only Frank see this . frank . uh .-. uh ... I ... ubh se . headwaiter May I suggest a veal chop ? frank no ! no veal ! no one else in the restaurant take the slight notice of the human torch waiter as he reel shriek through the room , Frank force he attention back to he table try to ignore this newest nightmare . frank . I will have the uh ... the uhm ... a ) the ... ( continued ) 84 85 86 87 53. continued : ( 2 ) . the headwaiter , brice and rhinelander exchange .curious / worried look . the fireball waiter run into the ’kitchen scream , frank I have ... I be gonna step outside . I could use some air . Frank knock over he chair as he stumble from the room , brice he 's under a lot of pressure . I be sure he will do just fine . ext . restaurant - afternoon Frank reel out the door . he spot a batter checker cab and hail it . the taxi pull over . frank ( as he get in ) take I to - int . taxi - day the door lock slam shut . window bar fly into place . we hear the SOUND of heavy bolt be thrown . Frank be trap . . frank what the hell be - the. cab rocket fromthe curb , knock Frank to the floor . ~ the 's cabbie laugh wildly as he swing a u-turn into oppose traffic . a. ext . STREET - day the cab narrowly avoid a head - on collision . int . taxi - day Fighting the G force , Frank lean forward . ( continued ) 83 84 85 86 87 87 88 89 54 . continued : ty frank look out ! cabbie relax Frank , enjoy the ride . frank how would you know my name ? . cabbie I know everything , Frank . I be the ghost . the cabbie 's head turn , exorcist - like , to stare at Frank . he 's a albino imp -- snow - white shoulder - length hair , ghost - white skin , point ear and red-tinged eye . he grin demonically , flash sharp little tooth . Frank looks.at the hack license on the dashboard . beneath the cabbie 's grin picture it read : " ghost of christmas past " . with the cabbie still stare at Frank , the cab run a red light . two car skid to miss a pileup . frank ( force casual ) listen , this be great . it 's such a nice day , I can get out here and walk . the cabbie floor it . ext . STREET - day eliot have just exite a liquor store with a new bottle of rebel yell . he crack . the top , lick he lip and be just about to . try to sip when the taxi : ' jump the curb , scream down the. sidewalk and the cabbie snag the bottle from he hand . as it roar off into the. distance , eliot be leave spin . int . taxi - day Frank pound frantically on the window , yanking on the door to no avail , frank be you crazy ?! ( continued ) 87 * 's 88 * 89 * 89 92 55 . continued : x the cabbie take a big swig from the bourbon . cabbie here 's the thing Frank 's -- I 'ma ghost ; I be dead ; I just do not care . he toss the bottle out the window where it smashes on the pavement . cabbie '' mind if I smoke ? Black smoke churn out he mouth , nose and ear , fill the cab . Frank double over , choke in the back seat . the taxi shoot through a cloud of steam , suddenly appear right in the path of a Saturday even Post truck . omitted ext . suburban sub -division - night ( date 1957 ) the truck swerve , just in time . cabbie go back to Jersey , ya moron ! int . taxi - night Frank pick himself up off the backseat floor . frank ( still cough ) where be we ? cabbie when be we be the question . close on meter as it click from " 1957 " to " 1956 " , frank please , take I home . cabbie you get it . with a nasty chuckle , he hit the gas . 98 91 92 94 56 . ext . another suburban STREET - - night 93 the checker tear down the quiet track -house - line street and skid into the back of a.delivery truck park in front of the only house on the block without Christmas light . meter register " 1955 " . ° paint on the back of the truck -- " cross butcher shop " . ext . taxi - night 94 the cabbie '' jump out and open Frank 's ' door . Frank fall out , crawl from the cab . cabbie welcome home , frank ( look around ) oh my god . this be where I grow up . I think they tore this place down . cabbie they do . Frank slowly get to he foot . frank right . okay , I know the deal . I be gonna go back in time , see Mom and dad , get all goosy and start blubber . well you get the wrong guy . we the cabbie and Frank start walk through the snow to the house . cabbie that 's exactly what attila the hun say , but when he see he mom - frank yeah , save it for the donahue show . can we get this over with ? they reach the front door . cabbie follow I . ( continued ) 94 95 57 . continued : ~ 94 he take Frank 's hand and , as he step right through the solid wooden door , Frank smack hard into it , bounce back onto the stoop . the cabbie giggle hysterically from inside as Frank stumble to he foot . frank ( whisper ) that be a dumb joke . the cabbie poke he head through the close door . cabbie ( bellow ) make I laugh ! frank ssshhh ! they will call the cop on we . the cabbie open the door let Frank into the bare foyer . cabbie calm down . they can not see we and they can not hear we . they be not real , they be sort of like ... rerun . int . franks parent ' live room - night 95 this be a bleak , no -frill , work - class fifty tract-house . little frank sit inchés from a b&w magnavox tv set watch the end of the howdy doody show . the show 's theme and end credit roll . doris , Frank 's : mother , be pregnant with James . she. lie on the couch , : chain -smoke : . chesterfield 's and frown over . she cross - word puzzle magazine . earl , Frank 's big , barrel - chest father , still wear he blood -stain butcher apron , come over 's and turn down the tv volume . he tower over little Frank . earl here Francis , I have get something for you . little frank ( look up hopefully ) a choo-choo train ? ( continued ) 95 96 58. continued : a 95 earl Nah , it 's ten pound of veal . merry Christmas . he drop a butcher - wrap lump onto the floor beside he son . Little Frank look at it sadly . little frank ( quietly ) but I ask Santa for a choo-choo . ' earl then go out and get a job and buy a choo-choo . doris glance up from she puzzle . doris Earl , he 's only four . earl all day I hear excuse why people do not wanna work -- " my back aches , " my leg hurt , " " I be only four . " the sooner he learn they do not hand you life on a silver platter , the better . Little Frank silently return to the tv set , turn up the volume . sergeant bilko begin . Little Frank * watch ; mouth open , totally zone doris what 's a four letter word for affection , begin with " L " ? earl who care ? ext . . franks parent ' house - night 96 * Frank and cabbie exit house . cabbie so you spend the next fifteen year sit on you ass , alone , watch tv . ( continued ) 59 . 96 continued : = : 96 frank that " 's not true . I do thing . I play baseball . I remember back in seventh grade I hit a home - run and win the big game . cabbie no you do not . , frank oh right , I be sorry , that be a tv show I see -- the courtship of Eddie 's Father . cabbie we be outta here . frank but there be this time I run through all this wildflower and the sky be blue , the sun be stream down ... cabbie Frank ? frank no , wrong again , that be Little House on the prairie . cabbie face it -- garden slug get more . out of life than you do . , frank can I go back to the office now ? cabbie hop in . they get in andthe taxi peel off into the night . 97 ~ close on taxi meter 97 tick away year from 1955 to 1967 . we hear 0.s. sfx of taxi skid through corner , bashing fender , then horn honk , the cabbie cursing , etc . 60 . 98 ext . ibc build - day ( date - 1968 ) 98 * | the checker swerve up to the curb , slamm into a ' 68 cadillac limo . 99 int . ibc MAIN office - day 99 * close on sheet of paper slide from a xerox machine . copied on each sheet be a b&w image of a woman 's behind . pull back to reveal tina , a cute young secretary perch on the xerox glass , panty around she ankle and a bottle of champagne in she hand . she giggle with a ibc page as the copier 's light pass beneath she . 's 's i I widen to see wild ibc office party in full swing . a banner hang across the room read " cool yule ' 68 " . lew wexler , in he prime and wear a red alpaca sweater , * kiss a sexy girl dress as a mini-skirted Mrs. Claus . rowdy ibc staff sing , dance , drink and cut loose as phil spector 's Christmas album blare from a stereo . the far door open and Young Frank , now about twenty with long hippie hair , wheel he ibc mail cart into the room , oblivious to the party . he take handfuls of mail and carefully but efficiently toss it into the appropriate 'w slot . present - Day Frank and cabbie watch from doorway . * lew break free of Mrs. Claus and saunter over to Young Frank . he take a sip from he scotch , watch Young Frank diligently at work . lew Excuse I , Fred ? : frank : . Frank , sir . lew Frank . you.did not happen to notice a big Christmas party around here do you ? young frank ( laugh nervously ) yes sir . I be almost do . Tina skip over and hand lew she xerox copy . lew ( take it ) thanks , Tina . I think we have all see you Christmas card . ( continued ) 99 186 161 162 61 . continued : = 99 man ( 0.s. ) lew , the beer 's get warm , where 's the ice ? tina ( to Young Frank ) wanna dance ? young frank no . thanks . I think I will just finish up and head home . Tina shrug , grab a nearby ibc exec and dance with he . lew watch workaholic Frank sort mail . ext . ibc build - day 1608 Young Frank exit follow by cabbie and present - Day Frank . present-day frank ( hold the Christmas card ) I must have be nut . that Tina be a little minx . cabbie what could you do ? -- you have mail to sort . ext . central park - day 161 * Young Frank . stroll along the path , trail by cabbie and present - Day Frank . he hear waltz music drift from woliman * rink and follow it . ext . ' wollman ice rink ~ day 142 * Young 's Frank walk up ‘to the railing and lean against it , watch the skater . 's a blonde beauty twirl on the flood - light ice . her brief silver skate outfit sparkles with every perfect move . suddenly a figure blur into frame blindside the golden girl . ( continued ) 62. sy 192 continued : 's C . , it 's young claire in jeans , a flannel shirt and a too-long scarf . this set off a chain -reaction collision toppling . skater right and leave but somehow Young Claire be leave stand , now skate backwards towards the railing . 183 angle on young frank he shout a warning as do present - Day Frank revealed stand behind he . young frank present-day frank look out ! look out Claire ! 194 angle on young claire as she sail headlong over the railing , decking Young Frank who smack he head on the ground . young claire be you alright ? young frank ( rub he head ) ow ! you skate like -- young claire a angel ? young frank no , a truck . : . she untangle herself from he and lurch to she foot . young claire thank you . I be - :sorry ... he stand , still rub he head . young frank I do not need that lobe anyhow . she smile . they look at each other for a moment . young frank well , see ya . ( continued ) 162 163 164 63. 194 continued : . 164 * . cn young claire merry Christmas . young frank . j yeah , you too . she turn , waddling on she skate toward the rink . he start to walk away , then get a idea . | | } young frank '' hey ! you wanna go to a big Christmas party ? young claire no , not really . young frank Nah , I neither . well , goodbye . he turn and walk toward the camera . young claire how about chinese food ? Young Frank break into a wide smile . a copy of the hobbit . young claire «eeexcept he 's not really evil . I mean , in the end gollum bite off frodo 's finger and fall into the crack of doom . oh great Claire , tell he the whole end . I be sorry . 165 195 through omitted through * | 108 198 189 ext . central park path - day 199 * * Young Claire and Young Frank walk together . she hold * i Young Frank scoops up some snow and put it to he head . * young claire do it still hurt ? ( continued ) po — . | _ ~ 169 continued : 5 109 young frank yeah , I have get a big lump right here . young claire let I feel it . she gently touch he head . . young claire oh yeah . young frank ( move she hand ) not there . here . young claire ( rub the spot ) 1 oooh , wow . that be a lump . ' ( move she hand a bit ) hey , what 's this ? you have get ' another — ' 1 young frank ' ( shaking off she hand ) it 's a sign of intelligence . Young Claire dash out into the street . young claire ( wave at a taxi ) hey lumpy , there 's a cab ! the checker whistle past . 116 int . '' checker - day 116 * present - Day Frank watch she through the rear window . 111 - close on taxi meter 111 click from 1968 to 1969 , with o.s. car squeal , etc. end in a resounding crash . 112 113 65 . int , east village apartment - night ( date - 1969 ) 112 this live / bedroom be decorate inexpensively but with youthful , exotic , hippie flair . the bed be a paisley - drape mattress on the floor . the room be light by dozen of candle . . Young Frank stand over a small scraggly Christmas tree which have be decorate with Christmas card , peace symbol and a solitary strand of light . he hold a treetop angel . : young frank ( to Young Claire o.s . ) where 's the angel go ? Young Claire walk in , fresh from the tub , a towel wrap around she . young claire on top . have not you ever trim a tree before ? he stick the angel on top . young frank uh...no . young claire my poor lumpy . she throw she . arm around Young Frank and kiss he . in the b.g. we see present - Day Frank and the cabbie watch through a window at the fire escape . ext . : FIRE escape - same time 113 present - Day : Frank stare at Young Claire . as :her towel fall .off revealing she bare back . present-day frank ( to himself ) I forget how beautiful she be . the cabbie push past Frank to leer at she . cabbie be you kid ? she 's a total taste ! Frank shove the cabbie away from the window . 115 116 66 . int . apartment y 114 Young Claire slip on a shimmery silk kimono , young frank can we give the present now ? she nod . young frank here , he hand hér a large gift -wrapped box . she carefully unwrap it . angle on BOX of gensu kitchen knive 115 young claire 116 stare down at they , a strange smile on she face . young claire oh , how ... wonderful . knive . lot and lot of knife . how ...how do you know ? young frank ( proudly ) well I see how you always chop that vegetable . young claire they really look sharp . '' young frank they be . they're gensu knife . i.saw.'em on tv . '' they can cut through a-can , here , I will show '' ----- -— you - something ;--you~-got-a~-can~and ~ ~~ mee ee a tomato ? _ : young claire ( hugging he ) I just love they . now , here , you turn . open mine . she give he a beautifully wrap gift . ( continued ) 67 . 116 continued : a . 116 young frank _ ( tear the paper to bit ) ya know , I just get that in time because the offer expire at midnight ... he look down at the gift -- a book . young frank ' the kama sutra -- '' ancient indian love guide . " Far out ! young claire read the inscription . he hold the book up to the light . young frank all I can make out be " Christmas 1969 . " the rest be just a bunch of wriggly line . young claire it 's Sanskrit . all , young frank what 's it say ? she lean over the book . young claire ( point at each word ) this say " wet " and this . be " hot . " that 's all 1'11 tell you . Young : Frank open the book , turn it slowly as he study the illustration . young claire you know the peace Corps expect you to at least speak the language . young frank ( brow furrow , hold book sideways ) you can not do that . that 's impossible . this guy gotta be double-jointed . se : ( continued ) 117 68. continued : ( 2 ) ms 116 young claire maybe when we get to Nepal we can rent one of that houseboat right on the lake . young frank ( totally absorb in the book ) that sound nice ... wait a minute . hold on . I do not ' believe this . young claire what ? young frank they say there 's a secret place you can touch on a woman that will make she bark like a dog . she move closer to read over he shoulder and he put he arm around she . young claire that 's the silliest thing I ever -- ruff ! ruff ! Claire begin howling and bark like a wild dog . Young Frank lean over and kiss she . a long , passionate kiss . they both begin howling and bay . angle on present-day frank and cabbie 117 stand on the windy fire escape , a few foot away from the . embrace couple . frank _ ( quietly to cabbie ) I be cold . I want to go home . pan up to the full moon . we hear . Young Frank and Claire 's howling echo in the night . cross dissolve to : 119 129 121 int . ibc tv studio - night ( date - 1971 ) 118 a white overhead klieg light . the howling continue as we pan down to a man in a dog suit , on all four , howling at a cartoonish mike the mailman who wear a exaggerated , corny mailman suit , bow tie and carry a over- size mail pouch . we be watching a child 's tv show in progress , the dog chew Mike 's pant-leg , growl in front of a whimsical dog house hand - lettere -- " kiddie kennel " . , mike the mailman let go of my leg ! I have get something in my mail bag for ya . the dog still cling to he leg . mike the mailman it 's a Christmas present from lassie ! Mike pull out a big , bone - shape object wrap in Christmas paper with a red bow . a tag read " merry christmas 1971 " . o.s. applause and child 's cheer . the dog sit up , tongue out , begging for the bone . angle on audience of child 119 sit on bleacher scream and laugh at the show . seat dead center in they midst be .a stone -face present - Day Frank and the delighted : cabbie . angle on ' mike and dog 12 @ Mike study the gift . _mike the mailman what could it be ? be it a book ? angle on kide 121 kide ( shouting ) it 's a bone ! it 's a bone ! 122 123 124 , 125 126 76 . angle on mike and dog os 122 mike the mailman be it a ... basketball ? angle on kide 123 , kide ( shouting ) it 's a bone ! it 's a bone ! angle on mike and dog ' 124 mike the mailman be it ... a pair of mitten ? angle on kide 125 kide ( shouting ) it 's a bone ! it 's a bone ! the cabbie leap up from the crowd of child . cabbie it be a bone ya fuckin ' dork ! the kid , of course , can not see or hear he but Frank bury he face in he hand . angle on mike and dog a 126 the mailman pull a huge bone from the gift-wrapp . mike the mailman oh look , it 's a bone ! he stick it in the panting dog 's mouth as the o.s. child cheer . stage manager and we be in commercial . we hear the top of a seventy hasbro toy commercial as Young Claire run up to the dog , hugging he , wave a letter . young claire we make it ! they take we ! we be in the peace Corps . ( continued ) continued : ' the dog take off he costume head to reveal young frank ( without emotion ) ~ really ? we be in ? that 's great . young claire of course we do not get Nepal . they be send we to Africa but here 's the best part -- they want we there the first week in - lew wexler , wear a pumpkin-colored alpaca saunter over . lew listen , I get a idea . ( winking at Claire ) hi sweetheart . ( to Frank ) why do not you eat the dog food . young frank I think I be gonna throw the dog food . lew well eat it and then throw it . young claire you can teach irrigation and contour plow and I will show the 71 . Young Frank . sweater , woman how to prepare well - balanced - stage manager ( 0.s. ) thirty second to air ! young frank contour plow . ya know , honey , I be not so sure - lew.cuts in . lew I get a better idea . you try the dog food , it taste like crap , and then you throw it . young frank well wait , if it taste like crap , why do not I do a spit-take ? ( continued ) 126 * 126 72 . continued : ( 2 ) *s 126 lew perfect . young claire it will be so cool . maybe we can sail down the Nile - stage manager ( 0.s. ) ( yell ) . Fifteen second ! young frank ( to Young Claire ) I be sorry . float down the Nile ? what ? young claire Frank , we have be talk about this trip since the day we meet . young frank I can not just walk out of here at the drop of a hat . I owea little something to the kid . look , why do not you go and as soon as I can , I will meet you there . lew be we clear on this ? a shapely prop girl sidle over hold a big dog bowl brim with dog food . . i prop girl ( smile flirtatiously ) frankie , here 's you bowl . young frank yeah . [ try.the. - dog food , it taste like crap , I doa spit-take , then I throw the dog food , young claire I have get a even better idea . why do not you wear the dog food ?! she grab the bowl and dump it over he head . the kid go wild . ( continued ) 126 127 73. continued : ( 3 ) * 126 young claire merry Christmas . she turn on she heel and leave . '' Young Frank watch she go , the brown , lumpy dog food crawl down he face . young frank . honey ? what 's wrong ? you angry ? stage manager Frank ! you head ! three-two-one -- angle on kide 127 squealing with laughter . the cabbie be double over , wail . Frank grimly get up to go . the cabbie follow . cabbie ( catch he breath ) that be great ! what be that show ? frank huh ? oh , it be just a child 's thing . cabbie ( wiping away tear of laughter ) . yeah , but what be it call ? frank ( reluctantly ) uh ... " frisbee the Dog . " cabbie . you leave she for the " frisbee the Dog show ? " you must be insane ? frank hey , I make a few mistake , okay ? I be only human . well , fine , I can live with that . I know who I be , I know what I want , and I know what 's go on . I be not insane ! ° ( continued ) 74 , 127 continued : os 127 to drive home he point , he whirl around and slam he fist into the wall . dr . rosenblum ( 0.s. ) of course you be not , Frank . 128 int . franks office - day ( date - the present ) 128 a bald middle - age man , dr . rosenblum , pat Frank on the back . Frank cradle he bruise hand . . dr . rosenblum you be just a little upset . Frank desperately try to get he bearing . frank what ... be ... go ... on ? dr . rosenblum ( examine the break wall ) you be just experience a little stress . which be perfectly natural . Frank , you be ina high pressure job and Christmas be a particularly stressful time of year . Frank lean toward the Doctor . frank . but ... there be this .:. ) ghost . dr . rosenblum ' that 's what . psychiatry be all ' about , Frank , deal with ghost . frank but Doctor rosenblum , he take I ~ dr . rosenblum - my god , you be do a tv show about a man who 's visit by ghost . I would be worried if you be not dream about they . loo ( continued ) 128 129 1308 75 . continued : > , 128 Dr. rosenblum grab the remote control and click on the monitor . on screen int . scrooge's office - day 129 young ebenezer scrooge stand mutely as belle , he fiancee , tie she bonnet and ready to exit . director ( v.0 . ) ( over p.a. ) alright just give I a sound level on that . belle ( to Young ebenezer ) I have see you nobler aspiration fall off one by one , until the masterpassion -- greed -- engross you . farewell , ebenezer . May you be happy with the path you have choose . angle on frank 136 watch the tv . frank well I be happy with the path I have choose you little bitch ! I couldn't be happier !! dr . rosenblum . ( calmly ) now Frank , I 'm.go to double ' you 's prescription and I suggest - frank ( to tv ) . let 's just see how you life turn out ! he storm from the office , oye 131 132 133 134 omitted ext . ibc build - day Frank exit the building , still ranting at Claire , and head west on foot . a ibc Guard regards he suspiciously . frank , just for the record , you leave I ! you be the one who run off to Africa ! not I ! dissolve to : ext . new york STREET - mobile bloodbank - day big.sign on the truck offer top dollar for pint of blood . we hear " eliot 's theme " play on a violin . it 's snow . unshaven and wild - eye , eliot loudermilk exit hold a fistful of cash . walk unsteadily toward the curb , he count the money , grin , and pitch forward into the snow , pass out cold . the violin music stop . reveal who 's be play the music -- a STREET violinist with he upturn hat sit empty on the sidewalk . he pick up the hat , come over to eliot , pluck the money from eliot 's hand , put on the hat , and stroll away . Frank pass by , not notice the | man in the gutter , catch up in he rant . frank I stay right-here ! you be the one who have to help the hottentot or whatever the hell they be calledt . ext . homeless shelter - afternoon the shelter , once a cadillac showroom , have paper the big window over with bright mural paint by the inner-city child of the community . the name of the project -- '' operation reach out " -- be spell out in giant multi-color letter . collar up , shiver in the wind , with Claire 's card in he hand , Frank stride toward the one-story building . ( continued ) wg.o* | 132 | - * * 133 * | * * * 134 134 135 136 77 , continued : 7 134 frank I could not just go traipsing off somewhere ! I have commitment ! I have obligation ! omitted 135 int . shelter - day 136 ' the large room be warm and busy with Christmas activity . people hang crepe-paper bunt , decorate fold table , string Christmas light . several cafeteria table set up in the center of the room feed the hungry and the homeless of every age and color . Frank enter still babbling . frank what about my need ? face it lady , you treat I like dirt . hazel , a middle - age black woman who work at the . shelter , notice Frank . hazel honey , you look freeze . lemme get you a nice hot cup of coffee . frank «.. thanks . hazel you go ahead and sit over there , I will bring it to you . Frank go to the nearest table and sit down with the homeless . sitting beside_is herman , a dirt -cake , wino mess , who stare into he soup . he wear a grimy t-shirt that read " frankie say relax " . above the table , a remnant from the showroom day , be a glittery sign on the wall which read -- " the style you demand . the luxury you deserve . " " hazel bring Frank 's coffee , wrap a blanket over he shoulder and bustles off . Frank clutches the steaming styrofoam cup . ( continued ) 78 . continued : yy herman edge closer to Frank . he pull a old " music box " pocket watch from he soile jacket and open it . beautiful dreamer plays as he check the time . herman ah , the cocktail hour ! ( sidling against Frank ) now , Dick , you know you fine wine ~- you great western , _ you lancer , you mateus . but for my money , you can not buy nothin ' better than -- he slam a half - empty bottle of mogen David concord grape wine on the table . herman mad Dog 20/20. he snap the pocket watch shut , beautiful dreamer stop . herman take a long swig and pass the bottle to Frank . herman c'mon Dick , drink up ! frank why do you keep call I " Dick ? " herman I be sorry , Mr. burton , maybe I do not know you good enough to call you Dick but after exorcist ii and night of the iguana I think we have a certain - frank listen , I - be not Richard - herman | and if you could just do a line or two from hamlet - : frank leave I alone . herman ( breathe mad Dog fume in Frank 's face ) or the sandpiper . ( continued ) 136 136 137 continued : ( 2 ) . . 136 frank no ! herman cleopatra ? frank ( in perfect Richard burton voice ) '' TI be Marc Antony and you shall * be my queen , cleopatra , and together we will bring Egypt to she knee ! " ( regular voice ) now beat it ya old lush . Claire suddenly appear , reach over and snatching the wine . claire herman ! make yourself useful . go help hang the light . ( notice Frank ) Frank ?! what be you do here ? frank I be have a real bad day . Frank stand . Claire fix he collar . frank you say if it ever happen again . I should drop by , and it do . a Claire scoops up a armload of balloon . claire here , give I a hand with this . angle on frank and . claire 137 ' they cross the crowded shelter to a pyramid of gift top by a new tv set with banner " grand prize " . a sign tack across the base of the display read : '' christmas fair raffle -- save we shelter ! " Claire scamper up a rickety step - ladder and begin taping balloon to the tv set . Frank , brace the ladder , have misgiving . ( continued ) ee ee 137 continued : : = 137 . * frank do you want I to do this ? | | claire . ( lean on one foot ) no , I be fine , frank I have be think a lot about _ the past lately . claire why ? frank you know how you make choice and at the time they seem like the only choice . but then , later , you wonder what . would have happen if you would make different choice . you know what I mean ? claire oe eno. '' a , : ( suddenly realize ) Frank , be you talk about regret ? frank yes ! exactly . regret . claire . how do that look ? . frank you could use a few more on the other side . Claire teeter precariously as she add balloon to the other side . _. claire you. know . Frank , the only good thing about regret be that it 's never too late . you can always change . if you want to . believe I , I deal with that every - blam ! the balloon she 's taping pop , startling she , cause she to lose she foot and fall on top of Frank . , they land on the floor in a giggle heap . ( continued ) 137 continued : ( 2 ) 81 . they lean on each other try to stand . Frank put he arm around Claire , hold she , hugging she . they laughter fade as they become aware of the contact . step back . claire be you okay ? frank ( rub he head ) ' I think so . hey , ah , let 's get .out of here . you wanna get some chinese food ? hazel rush up . hazel we get a problem . do you know where the fuse box be ? claire uh...yeah . ( to Frank ) right now ? frank sure . why not ? we could - hazel and you better call the a&p about the turkey . claire they be not here yet ? .. ° ( to Frank ) . wait a minute . i'11 be right back . frank ( straighten himself out ) . listen , do not bother . claire it will only take a second . frank you know this people be just use you . ( continued ) they 137 138 139 continued : ( 3 ) a claire I hope so . that 's why I be here , what 's wrong ? frank nothing . I be just sad to see you waste you life . again . claire nindicate people in shelter ) what about they ? frank scrape them off . if you wanna save somebody , Claire , save yourself . thanks for the coffee . he walk away . angle on herman he clutches he mad Dog to himself . herman ( sing jingle Bell rock ) " giddyap jingle - horse , pick up some speed ... " Frank walk by . ' frank ( to herman ) you be in my way . herman ( put out he hand ) listen , Dick , think you could lend I a few buck so 's I = frank I give at the office . CUT to : omitted 82. 137 138 139 148 83. int . ibc studio 8h - a little later 149 it 's snow on the London street of . the scrooge set . for a moment we don't realize that we be now watch the rehearsal of the television show . scrooge ( to a urchin ) now be off with you or you will feel my stick across you back ! we track marlon brando as scrooge as he stride down the cobblestone street , wave he cane , scatter the STREET urchins who beg for handout . John houseman narrate . JOHN houseman ( v.0 . ) '' ebenezer scrooge hurried past the rag boy who stand shiver in the snow , gnaw and mumble by the hungry cold as bone be gnaw by dog . " urchin 1 spare a penny , sir ? a ha 'penny ? urchin 2 a crust of bread ? scrooge buttonhole a bobbie stand under a lamppost . caroler sing good King wenceslas in b.g . scrooge Excuse I , my good man} . ' can not something be do about they ? must I be constantly harass by this damned sea urchin ? brice ( 0.s. ) marlon , buddy , ... reveal brice on edge of set with tv camera , technician , censor with gauze - wrap head , etc . the rehearsal halt , caroler break off sing , snow stop fall . brice .-- that 's street urchin , not sea urchin . ( to set ) guy , that 's it , dinner break . ( more ) ( continued ) 84 , 1490 continued : . brice ( cont would ) let 's be back in one hour . and I do not mean a hour and five minute . . Frank storm up to brice . frank Excuse I , I call the dinner break around here . brice well Frank , if it mean that much to you , I will get they back and then you can say it 's time for dinner . frank I think it 's time you and I have a little talk . : brice you be right . but I promise Preston I would drop by and have a drink with he so lemme take a taincheck on that , okay champ ? brice squeeze Frank 's arm , wink and join the other cast and crew exite the set . Frank stand bewilder as the bobbie , STREET urchin 1 and some solid gold dancers pass by . urchin 1 I gotta call my service . solid gold dancer if. you be goin ' downstairs , pick I up a pack of merit . Frank wander down the now - desert 19th century London set . he pass the cobbler 's , the lady ' emporium , the tobacconist 's , the candlemaker , till he reach scrooge & marley 's and go inside . 146 85 . int . scrooge's office a the office be musical comedy real with period furniture and low dark - beam ceiling . a frost -edge , many - pane window look out on the studio / London street . Frank slump wearily at scrooge 's massive desk . Grace arrive hold papers and a mobile phone . grace Mr. Cross , I have be look all over for you ! they have shot '' leroy Neiman ! Frank ignore she , lose in think . grace the East german border guard just open up on - he whirl around . frank get I Preston rhinelander on the phone . ( grab the phone from she ) in fact , forget it . I '11 get he myself . ( start dial ) do not you have something to do ? she leave . Frank be the only one leave in the studio . frank . Judy , it 's Frank , be hein ? yeah , I will hold . Preston , this kid brice be really get on my nerve . yes , yes , no I understand : that . but he 's not help . I will tell you what he 's do ~ o. the studio go black . frank he ...uh ...1...uh ... through the window , he see a follow spot cut on , throw a bright circle of light on a golden easel in the center of the darken London street . ( continued ) 141 142 a6 . continued : . 141 frank ««ewait a minute ... a woman 's hand enter the circle of light and place a big artcard on the easel that read , in a flowery style : " the ballbreaker suite " . frank ».. hang on just a second ... he put the phone aside and go to the doorway to get a better look . int . london STREET set - same time 142 we hear a o.s. celeste begin the familiar strain of the '' dance of the sugar plum Fairy '' from the nutcracker suite and , indeed , a exquisite sugar plum fairy with translucent wing and shimmer tutu tip-to into the light . Frank can scarcely believe he eye . she dance superbly , gracefully execute leap and spin and twirl and arabesque and pirouettes and lot of other thing with fancy french name . her wing quivering excitedly , she glide over to Frank and , at a key point in the music ... whumph ! ... kick he solidiy in the ball . his eye cross . he stagger , barely . able to stand . as the music start up again , she gaily flounce off , finish . with a flourish , do a little curtsy , and introduce herself to Frank . : .. fairy hello , Frank . Tam the ghost of Christmas present . she speak somewhat like glenda , the good witch , with a delicate british accent . in a sing - song falsetto . frank ( hoarsely ) why would you do that ? ( continued ) 87 . 142 . continued : wy 142 fairy ( sweetly ) " sometimes you have to slap they in the face just to get they attention . " frank Fine . slap I in the face , that 's fair enough , but you . kick I in the - fairy oh hush , Frank . it 's time to begin we journey . now close you eye . frank you close you eye . I be through - fairy do not be quarrelsome . Close you eye ... pie , he reluctantly close he eye . fairy +-. and think of snowflake and moonbeam and whisker on kitten ... he sneak a wary look at she . fairy ws there there , no peek . of . rainbow , forget - I -not , of misty meadow and sun-dapple pool . . oh.look , there 's mister hedgehog ! I wonder where he 's go ? perhaps~to... dreamland ! she lean back and unload a freight -train right to Frank 's jaw . in a shower of pixie dust , we cut to : q 143 88. int . grace cooley' live room - christmas eve 143 Frank land on the floor . we hear angelic , bluesy electric guitar play away in a manger . he groggily sit up . frank where be I , in heaven ? the Fairy stand over he , smile serenely . fairy no , in harlem . gramma sit on a threadbare sofa , play the soulful , string - bend guitar . she be surround by six of Grace 's child who all sing along . the shabby live room be bright with Christmas light and decoration . a electric space heater add to the cheery atmosphere . frank ( rub he jaw ) ow ! that really hurt . fairy sometimes the truth - be painful , Frank . and besides , it 's make you cheek rosy and you eye bright as star . Frank slowly get to he foot , shaking he head to clear it . the front door . open - and Grace and calvin enter . grace merry Christmas cooley family ! some of the kid rush over . _and hug she , help calvin 's out of he coat . lanell oh mom , you do not have to come get I . I can - grace I be . not have you ride that subway alone at night . you almost ready ? lanell nod . 144 89 . angle on the twins a shasta and randee , huddle over a top-like plastic puzzle try to get all the metal ball into the hole . frustrate , shasta pull it away from she sister . shasta . get away ! you do not know how to do it ! randee ( try to grab it back ) gimme that ! it 's mine ! gimme ! shasta hit she with the puzzle and randee burst into tear . . fairy good gracious , what a fuss ! she sprinkle a little pixie dust over they and instantly they be all smile . shasta here take it . you try . randee no , it 's you turn . Frank 's notice calvin sit near they , eyeing the puzzle . frank cute little guy . what 's wrong with he ? mm fairy he see he father kill and just -q.drift away . like sleep beauty . frank I do not know she husband die . fairy do ' you remember that period she wear black for a year ? frank yeah , but I always think it be just a new look ; some fashion thing . 144 98. 145 angle on gramma ' gramma y'all ready to dance ? kide * yeah ! gramma bend over , crank up the volume on she batter pignose amp , and tear into Three Dog night 's Joy to the World . 146 angle on fairy , frank , calvin and twins the twin go off to dance , leave the puzzle on the floor . the Fairy prance off to join they . Frank be alone with calvin . unseen , he watch he . the little boy stare at the puzzle . suddenly he reach over and , with a flick of the wrist , spin it . 147 close on puzzle as all the metal ball click into place . 148 angle on frank stunne . calvin blankly move away . Frank cross the room to the dance Fairy . frank that kid -- the little one -- be he gonna . be okay ? fairy : it 's he choice , only he can break the spell . Frank glance back at calvin , sit by himself on the floor . fairy ~ my this be a merry tune ! come , join the dance ! she do a quick pirouette . ( continued ) 145 146 147 148 91 . 148 continued : my 148 will frank huh ? no . no thanks . gramma wail , sing the chorus . . gramma " Joy to the world , all the boy and girl . Joy to the fish in the deep blue sea ... " Steven join she , drum on the phone book . shasta and randee grab Grace and rock around the room . all the kid be dance now . the Fairy leap onto the coffee table and do a grande jeté over the barcalounger . everyone be swinging heavily . 149 close on a kitten 149 curl up in the middle of the nativity scene , open a drowsy eye , yawn , and go back to sleep . 158 back to scene : , 159 * ay Frank begin tapping he foot , shyly snap he finger . gramma jump up , windmill she beat - up telecaster for all she 's worth . frank ( to Fairy ) ss you sure they can not see I ? he finally surrender to the beat and dance , timidly at first but quickly progress to full - out party beast . the Fairy prepare to depart . pairy come , we have tarried long enough . we must be -— frank ( frugging wildly ) lighten up mama ! let 's get into the zone ! let 's get ill ! sd ( continued ) ' ne 151 through 152 153 ) 154 92 . continued : . 158 fairy this be a disgrace , Frank . look at that ceiling . a woman in you employ live like this . shame on you ! still dance , Frank glance up at the crumble ceiling . frank + you be right . when I get back , I will give she a - the Fairy sucker - punch Frank with a Mike tyson right . in another burst of pixie dust , we match CUT to : 151 omitted through 152 ext . jame cross ' brownstone - night 153 establish a brownstone under renovation . a large dumpster sit outside . 0.s. noise bring we to : int . jame cross ' brownstone live room - 154 christmas eve the blow send Frank crash into™a 's bar trolley load with glass and party snack . he struggle to get up , pick . cocktail cherries off he lapel . . a big mongrel dog growl at -him . * frank Fairy or no fairy you do that one more time and I be gonna rip you wing off ! - wendie cross ( 0.s. ) cujo ! bad dog ! wendie , James ' wife , a long -limb stunner with a easy smile , rush over to the trolly and begin clean up . a guest lend a hand . guest 1 ( 0.s. ) it 's you turn , wendie . ( continued ) 93. 154 continued : ~ 154 * | wc wendie go ahead , I can hear you . | the Fairy help Frank to he foot and gesture around she . ' ' fairy ah , what a gay feast ! we see a warm , homey place full of friend and food . cujo curl 's up in front of a roaring fire . we hear medieval Christmas carol play by a chamber quartet on the stereo . a bushy Christmas tree , strung with real popcorn and real cranberry , soar to the ceiling of this lovingly restore victorian room . strewn at the : foot of the tree lie open gift . ! | frank guest 1 this look like a okay , all set ? " on | lowenbrau commercial . . gilligan 's Island , what be the name of the shipwreck boat ? fairy jame p ( sweetly ) the s.s. something . do not vex I Frank or I will fix you mouth so wendie it will not hold soup . minnow ! as Frank look at she apprehensively , wendie notice a unopen present under the tree and bring it over to James . wendie 'w you have not open you brother 's gift yet . 155 wide ! shot 155 of live room with everybody gather : around James open gift . in the b.g. be Frank and the Fairy . guest 2 * this oughta be great . what would he get you last year ? jame I do not remember ... ( continued ) 94 , 155 continued : a 155 wendie a shower curtain . they all laugh . frank ( to Fairy ) it be a beautiful shower curtain . it be gray . it have _little ibc 's stamp all over it . James unwrap the large present . wendie what do you get he this year ? jame nothing really . I make a frame for a old snapshot of the two of we when we be kid . James reach into the box and with difficulty pull out a top - of - the line vcr . jame I do not believe it . a vcr ! Frank explode . frank I be gonna kill she ! I distinctly say towel ! I remember say the word ! . wendie he probably get the gift mix up . frank I do not get the gift mix up ! the ex-secretary get the gift mix up ! jame ( over he friend ' laughter ) you really do not know he . wendie and I be never go to know he . ( more ) ( continued ) 155 continued : ( 2 ) a | jame never . frank what the hell . wendie 95 . os 155 wendie ( cont would ) every year you invite he to Christmas dinner and every year he 's too busy to come . you go to learn ? when be he 's my brother . the Fairy look over at Frank . it 's Christmas . can we please get back to the game . we be win . the party gather around Guest 3 and a Trivial Pursuit '' on the Adams family , what jame game . guest 3 okay , | : : musical instrument do lurch om play ? " fairy Frank , we must be off . frank wait a second , I be starve . lemme grab a turkey leg or something . fairy I be afraid we have lingered long . enough . frank let 's just hang out . this be sort of fun . the Fairy attempt to throw she trademark right - cross but Frank easily block it . frank ay come on babe , gimme mte you best shot . ( to wendie ) I think it be a violin guest 4 be , that you answer ? wendie it could not have be a violin . he only have one hand , jame that be not lurch ; be . thing . that guest 2 be not he on the munster ? wendie let 's say piano -- ( to James ) -- okay ? we be say he play the piano . ( continued ) 155 156 96 . continued : ( 3 ) . 155 he feign , do a " Ali guest 3 shuffle , " hand up wrong ! it be the " peekaboo " style . harpsichord . she glance above Frank 's jame head and smile . piano , harpsichord -- same thing ! fairy _ oh , how sweet -- mistletoe . Frank look up and , before he realize he mistake , she rocket he to dreamland . with a blast of pixie dust , we match CUT to : int . south bronx tenement apartment - night 156 the blow send Frank sprawling into a shadowy one- room apartment . it be bitter cold . he angrily pick himself off the floor , ready to duke it out . frank okay ! that 's it ! that do it ! ( sense he 's alone ) hello ? miss ... Fairy woman ? ghostess ? anyone ? Frank try the door . he yank its { lock tight . he pound on it with both fist . frank come back ! please ! do not leave I here ! the door will not budge . Frank stumble back into the room , shudder in the bluish light , exhaling cold cloud . he fumble out he lighter and flick it on . it do not shed much light . he grab a old newspaper off the floor , roll it tightly into a torch and set it on fire . a few foot away on a decaye couch sit herman the wino . he watch Frank wordlessly . ( continued ) 157 dreamer . 97 . continued : oy 156 frank ah ! I be sorry , you scared I , I think I be alone . herman continue to stare at he . frank I be not go to hurt you . I need you help . it 's I uh ... _ Dick . he reach out and gently shake herman . the gold pocket watch fall from herman 's hand and the lid-open as it land . it begins playing beautiful Frank hold the torch closer . herman 's white face and blank eye confront he . prank oh my God . he 's freeze to death . Frank back away , slowly look around the room . herman stare at he , as if in judgement . franks Pov 157 while beautiful dreamer play , we see where herman come to he end -- roaches crawl over a empty , doorless refrigerator ; a plume of ice hang from a break water pipe ; the floor be litter with rag , can , newspaper , bottle . the watch run down and . stop . Frank , lose in this sad inventory , do not notice the torch have burn to he hand . frank ahh ! the flame sputter out , leave Frank in darkness . he * panic , smash the board - up window with he shoulder but they will not give . frantic , he try kick the door . nothing . grabbing * a chair , he batter the door with all he might . the chair shatter . ( continued ) 98. 157 continued : 157 Frank gather he last bit of strength to make a final * charge into the door . 158a int . ibc studio 8h / scrooge set - christmas eve 158a * | he break through ! | | Frank burst through scrooge 's office door , flatten | the Lady censor and tumble to the floor . 5 we hear heraldic horn play a fanfare . the ibc announcer step up to the mike . ° announcer : tonight , live on ibc , the world premiere telecast of a Christmas classic -- Charles dicken ' immortal scrooge . we see reaction shot of extras in victorian costume , technician , solid gold dancer , " tip " o'neill dress as marley , brice and Grace , all stare at Frank in stunne silence . brice ( hiss to Grace ) help I get he off the set ! Frank , daze and confuse stagger to he foot , stammer inarticulately . as brice and Grace try to lead he away , he sneak a peek inside the scrooge office . a prop man hurry out . . brice here , grab he arm . ( to set ) what be you look at ? let 's get with it . stage manager thirty second to air ! grace I have be worried about you . brice steer he off the set and towards the elevator . : brice ae we have all be worried about you , 2 Frank . ( more ) ( continued ) oan 158a 158 99 . continued : ( 2 ) ws brice ( cont would ) now , why do not you just go upstairs and kind of '' supervise thing " from that big office of yours , huh ? you could check that satellite linkup . frank yeah . okay . . ( to cast and crew ) good luck guy ...uhm ... I feel magic tonight ! int . ibc studio 8h / backstage ~- christmas eve now at the elevator , the door open and stand before Frank -= hood black cape billow , red eye glow in a skull -- be the ghost of christmas future . Frank shriek , @ropping to he knee . he clutches pitifully at the ghost 's cape . frank . take I ! I give up ! do whatever _ you want ! . the ghost try to pull away , stumbling back into the elevator . ghost help ! Guard ! security ! a husky ibc security guard move for - Frank . brice nlift frank. up ) that - will not be necessary . Frank just need . a little rest and he will be fine . —- {to Grace ) get this nutcake the hell outta here ! Frank stare wide - eye at the ghost who edge past he . the ghost wave he scrooge script angrily . ghost listen , I gotta show to do . I do not need this ! ( continued ) 158a * 158 * 158 yen , 159 186 . continued : ~ 158 frank ( as Grace gently guide he into the elevator ) I be okay ! false alarm ! go get ‘em kid ! the elevator door close . ghost ( to brice ) ' this be live tv ! not tape , not film , live ! brice calm down . ghost do not tell I to calm down ! there 's gonna be a hundred million people watch this show and I be the one who 's gonna be out there ! not you ! he turn on he heel and stalk away , cape luffing behind he . we track he through the congest backstage area . ghost anybody have a valium ? a solid gold dancer look up from fix the run in she stock . . solid gold dancer there 's some in my bag in the dress room . ghost thanks honey . stage manager ( v.0. '' ( over PA system ) Fifteen second . the ghost walk through a quieter area . he reach the * dress room and enter . int . dressing room 159 the ghost shut the door behind he and cross the empty | room to the light make - up mirror . ( continued ) 160 161 162 16r . continued : versus 159 he toss back the black hood and very slowly remove the horrific skull mask with blaze blood - red eye . beneath it -- a horrific skull face and blaze blood - red eye . this really be the ghost of Christmas future ! lightbulbs explode around the mirror . the skull stare at he nightmarish reflection , there be a evil sizzling SOUND as smoke curl from he eye socket . int . franks office - night 168 Frank sit at he desk , confuse and exhaust . on tv screen 161 John houseman sit in a wing chair . he open the leather - bound copy of scrooge and begin to read . houseman " it be a cold , bleak Christmas Eve . the fog-drape street of London be desert save for a occasional carriage that move like a phantom through the dingy mist . " we hear the clip - clop of horse ' hoof on cobblestone . back to scene 162 Frank pour himself a water glass full of vodka . houseman ( 0.s. ) '' qld ebenezer scrooge sit alone in he gloomy chamber , more bitter than the night . ' Christmas , ' he think . ' bah ! humbug ! ' " Frank take a big swig . 164 102 . int . studio 8h hallway . 163 mary lou retton , dress in rag as tiny Tim , hobble a few foot on she wooden crutch . suddenly she stop , fling the crutch aside , somersault down the corridor , fly into a full - twist back - flip and land on she foot . mary lou God bless we every one ! sitting in a fold chair against the wall be a wide - eye calvin cooley . he stare up at Mary Lou with strange intensity . calvin 's sister lanell pull up a chair beside he . Mary . Lou 's coach approach she . coach try it again , and this time , really stick it . Mary Lou nod and return to she original position . in the b.g. John houseman walk briskly to the dress room trail by he dresser . Grace come over to calvin and lanell . she put a hand on he shoulder . grace you kid have a good time ? Mary Lou retton hurtle down the hallway , landing right in front of they . mary lou God bless we every one ! calvin . can not take he eye off she . int . franks office 164 over : franks . - shoulder we see the tv. monitor with brando as scrooge sit in he dreary count house . his nephew proudly set a glass case on the desk . scrooge and what be this suppose to be ? nephew why they be doormice , uncle , ... : t 166 167 168 163. close on mice . 165 with antler glue to they tiny head . nephew ( 0.s. ) «.. the rage of London . , I bring a pair for my - int . rhinelander's beekman place brownstone - night 166 Preston rhinelander and he handsome , white - haire wife sit in they classic wasp parlour watch scrooge . they two persian cat paw the screen after the doormice . nephew ( 0.s. ) ' «- wife . scrooge ( 0.s. ) doormice , indeed ! rhinelander ( to wife ) Works like a charm . int . franks office - night 167 scrooge I have never hear of such foolishne - Frank mute the sound with the remote control . Frank be totally go . he pour himself another stoly , set down the bottle without look . [t fall , . spilling over he cluttere desk . he grab it and begin sopping the liquor with a envelope .* see a wrap gift among he papers , he stop and pick it up . the tag on the gift -- " to Frank . " we stay on Frank as he open the package . he freeze , when he see what 's insideé .- his eye fill up . tear begin to stream down he face . brush they aside , he set the gift on the desk and walk away . cuT to : the gift -- black and white photograph . 168 of Frank and James as little boy in front of tract house . they have they arm around each other and smile happily into the camera . ( continued ) 169 104 . continued : . 168 inscribe at the bottom of the picture -- '' to Frank , the best brother a guy every have . merry Christmas . Love , James Frank pour himself another drink . scrooge continue * '' in monitor , show a street scene . int . studio 8h - 169 the victorian " scrooge " street be in fuli glory : the poulterer hang with geese and turkey ; the grocer burst with polished fruit ; wind - up toy dance in the toy store window ; vendor hawk they chestnut . crowd of happy shopper bustle down the snow - cover street . child caroler sing God Rest ye merry gentlemen beneath a flicker gas lamp . brando , as scrooge , walk beside a jolly giant wear a long velvet robe and a holly wreath on he head -- dicken ' ghost of christmas present . we track they down the cheery street . scrooge this have indeed be a niyht of * revelation . thank you for show I the true meaning - Big Ben begin chiming o.s. christmas present thank I not , ebenezer , for soon you . will be visit by the final Spirit ; the thing all man fear the most ! CUT to : 179 171 172 105 . ext . manhattan - night . 176 a huge blood -tinge moon sit ominously on the horizon , dwarf the silhouett skyline . cur to : ext . franks office - night 171 Frank , frame by the criss -cross window grid , stare out at the swollen moon . he stand imprison , a solitary , lonely figure . int . franks office - night : 172 Frank , he back to the camera , stand at the far end of the spacious office , stare out the window . he turn , and dull with booze , slowly cross the room . the vodka bottle , upside - down in he hand , leave a trail along the carpet . . as he pass the tv monitor , we see appear on the screen , wreathe in grey mist , the black - hood ghost of Christmas future . the solemn phantom point a long bony finger at Frank . Frank continue on , oblivious . we see the ghost , a skeletal hand point straight at Frank , take over all the monitor . * suddenly the door fly open . eliot loudermilk -- unshaven with craze , red-rimme eye ; wear pajamas , . a overcoat , mud-cake galoshes , harlequin sunglass , : and carry a double - barrel shotgun -- stand in the doorway . smiling . eliot honey , I be home ! he blast the vodka bottle - out of Frank 's hand . with a sober jolt of adrenaline , Frank dive behind he desk . eliot remember I boss ? the guy you can the day before Christmas !? another shotgun charge slam into the desk ; blow the phone to bit . ( continued ) 172 173 196 . continued : eliot calmly break apart the smoking gun and slide two more shell in . frank : ( cower under the desk ) eliot , I have be try to get you on the phone ! firing you be a big mistake . another blast blow out the tv monitor , Frank wince . frank as of now consider yourself rehire ! bonus and everything ! he break cover , belting out the door . eliot fire -- miss he by inch . int . hallway / area outside franks office - night as eliot cooly reload , Frank tug on a office door . it 's lock . he run to the next door , also lock , yanking on the handle . the door knob come off in he hand . eliot how be my day you ask ? well , my wife leave I , take my little girl with she . and that 's all I can remember because ever since then I have be blind drunk ! eliot click the gun in place with .a.metallic snap . eliot ( sing softly ) " you better not shout , you better . not cry , you better not pout , I be tellin’ you ... " Frank hide behind a secretary 's desk . frank you be right , I be a jerk . I have miss the whole point of Christmas , I know that now . ( continued ) 172 173 173 197 . continued : eliot appear above he . Frank look up to see both barrel inch from he head . frank but I have be through a lot today . and , and I have learn a lot . he get to he foot . eliot ( sing ) " he know when you be sleep .... " eliot back Frank up against the wall . frank I have do some terrible thing . not just to you but to people who love I . but the wonderful thing be it 's not 's too late ! eliot ( sing ) " ... know when you be ... " frank please , just give I a chance ... eliot aim with both barrel at the camera . over he shoulder , we see the ghost hold out both he skeletal arm in a death embrace . frank ( 0.s. ) -.. and I promise you - both barrel explode with a deafen roar . Frank drop to the floor , barely dodging the blast . two smoking hole be blow out inch above he . Frank scamper on all four down the hall . eliot , in no hurry , reload . Frank spring to he foot as the water cooler explode near he head . eliot follow he down the hall , the shotgun dangle casually over he elbow . ( continued ) 173 tye , 173 174 through 175 176 168 , continued : ( 2 ) . eliot ( sing ) " ... know when you have be bad or ... " Frank run until he reach the elevator bank . incredibly , the elevator bell . ring and the door slide open . Frank leap inside , hit " L " and frantically punch " close door . " eliot round the corner . eliot ( sing ) " ... s0 be good for ... " the door close on eliot aim both barrel into the car . Frank be safe . omitted int . elevator - night Frank stare up at the descend floor light , sweat bead he forehead , panting heavily . suddenly he realize there be someone else breathe in the car -- low , death - rattle breath . he whirl around to see the ghost of Christmas future stand right behind he . frank ah !..0h god , it 's you . scare I to death . will Frank wipe he brow , recover . frank what the hell be : you do here ? should not you be downstairs in the studio ? we be on the air . he notice something rustling beneath the ghost 's black cape . frank hey ! whatta you get under there ? he pull back the cape to reveal hellish face writhe and moan in pain , trap inside the hollow ghost 's bloody rib-cage prison . ( continued ) 1730 * 174 through * 175 176 «* 176 177 178 179 169 . continued : . 176 Frank yank the cloak shut . eye wide with dread , he slowly look up to the ghost 's hood face . wisp of : smoke drift from the coal - red eye socket . ! 1 frank . . oh shit ... whoa , that 's ... that 's ' some costume . really , really work . whew . i. be scared . Elevator door open behind he . frank whoops . my floor . gotta run . as the ghost silently glower at he , Frank bolt out of the elevator into a situation too horrible to be | * describe here . : Frank shriek , pull a u-turn and dive back into the elevator as Bernard Hermann 's pierce psycho sting string pursue he . int . elevator 177 Frank hysterically jab all the elevator button as the door close . the ghost stare down at he . . frank my mistake ... so ... you do not say much huh ? I uh I like that in aman . strong , silent type . chick love it . the ghost do not respond . the elévator descénd for a few more floor , finally stop . the door open to reveal -- int . willowbrook mental institution - late afternooon 178 * we - see , squatting in a shadowy corner of this snakepit nightmare , a slightly older calvin , wear a grimy nightshirt . -' reverse angle 179 on Frank and ghost watch from inside elevator . ( continued ) 139g 116 . continued : , 179 frank ( to ghost ) so. what ? be I suppose to know this people ? angle on calvin . - 189 as a older Grace cooley bring he a cup of water . grace ( hand it to he ) now be careful sweetheart . drink it slow - a hospital orderly tap she on the shoulder . grace please . I just get here . orderly visit hour be over . he start to escort she away . Grace break free , run to she son . she hug he tightly . the boy stare at nothing . he be lose . the orderly pries she off , lead she from the room . : grace ( cry ) do not worry calvin honey . I will . be back . you be a good boy . the elevator door close . . - frank ( to ghost ) be this . true ? be this the ' future ? but i.can. change it , right ? twill . as soon as I get . back. o. ( make a note in he pad ) '' take Grace 's son to specialist . '' / seé . it 's a’done thing . that easy . the elevator descend and stop again . the door open on - 181 182 183 ext . rodeo drive sidewalk bistro - day , 181 a trio of middle - age beverly Hills harpies gossip over they nouvelle salad at the outdoor cafe . the woman have too much jewelry , too much makeup and too much cosmetic surgery . they wear expensive fringe and studd designer jumpsuit and distress hair . the woman with she back to - the camera flick a red-talon hand through she orange shag . woman _+«. so0 by now the new girl be waxing my leg - we move around she to see -- it 's Claire ! she have become tough and brassy . woman 2 you mean the Korean ? two child , rag and gaunt , walk to the cafe 's railing , watch the lady eat . claire I guess , they all look - ( see the kid ) hey ! beat it ! ( search over she shoulder ) waiter ! woman 3 come on Claire , they be just kid . angle on frank sel 182 eye widen as he hear Claire 's name -- recognize cher beneath the garish mask . angle on claire o. , 183 lighting a cigarette , she puffy face set in a sneer . . claire do not tell I . I waste twenty year on loser like they . thank God a friend take I aside one day and say '' save yourself Claire . scrape ‘em off . " best advice I ever get . ( continued ) 184 185 112 . continued : a 183 the Children continue to stare at she . she sip she * drink , a tear in she eye . claire . * ( to herself ) . 7 i yeah , best advice I ever get . ! the elevator door close on this scene . int , elevator : 184 Frank turn to the ghost . frank I do not mean it ! I be angry and , and hurt . I do not want ... she be right . the * second I get back I be gonna call Claire - no ! I will go over and see she . thanks . thank you for show I this . this be good . the elevator descend , finally stop at the bottom floor . this time the door slowly swing open with a chill stone against stone sound . the ghost wordlessly float past Frank out of the car . frank hey ! wait up . Frank follow the spectre into -- ext . cemetery - night 185 Frank look over he shoulder to see he have just step out of a . age - wear , marble mausoleum . he shudder , dash through the Michael riva graveyard after the ghost . —. they walk / float side by side through the moonswept headstone and crypt towards a bare hill . wendie Cross stand there , alone , head bow . frank oh no . James . my brother be dead . oh what a waste . I should have ... ( more ) ( continued ) 186 ' 7 187 113. continued : a 185 frank ( cont would ) I do not know what my problem be with he ? he 's my brother and I love he . I do ! when I get back I will -- James Cross step out from behind a monument and join he wife . he be sobbing . she hold he hand , comforting he . frank ( happily ) James ! he 's okay ! ( realize ) well then ... who 's bury in there ? Frank look at the ghost who simply point towards the freshly dig empty grave . Frank be draw up the hill . close on headstone 186 which read -- " francis cross -- beloved brother " . the birth and death date be obscure by a floral wreath . angle on frank 187 shaking he head , mouth open in disbelief . frank what ? I be dead ? what the hell be you say here !? ive die ? that 's ... crazy . I mean ... if I be dead , how , how can I change any of this ? why. bother show I this thing if I can not do anything about they ?! ( back away from he grave ) no. I be sorry . that 's it . that 's enough . you be not get I in there ! he wheel , flee back to the mausoleum / elevator , he only possibility of escape . the spectre point a bony finger after he . 189 196 114 . int . elevator - night . sy 188 Frank race inside and push the 22nd floor . the door slide shut . he look up at the floor light . the car be still . he 's breathe hard . suddenly with a wrenching metallic sound , the wall of the elevator begin to close in on he . the ceiling slowly drop . Frank jam he arm out , try to fight it , but the elevator tighten to fit he body . the light flicker and , in the instant before they go out , we see that the elevator car have become Frank 's coffin ! . from outside we hear hand roughly grab the coffin and turn it sideways . gravedigger 1 ( 0.s. ) easy , easy . watch it ! gravedigger 2 ( 0.s. ) I get it . you get the back . gravedigger 3 ( 0.s. ) damn it 's cold ! frank hey ! what 's go on ? I be in here ! ext . cemetery ~ night 189 three gravediggers carry Frank 's coffin up the hill to the grave where James and wendie wait gravedigger 1 not much of a turnout . int . franks coffin 198 we hear Frank 's panicked breath . frank anybody out there ? can anybody hear I ? hello ? we hear creak , jostling sound . frank help ! 192 194 115 . ext . grave - night os 191 they lower the coffin into the pit . jame " the Lord be my shepard . I shall not want . " int . coffin 192 in the blackness we hear James ' muffle voice . jame ( v.0 . ) " he leadeth I beside the still ... " frank ( whisper to himself ) oh my god ! I be be bury alive . ( scream ) help ! help I ! ext . grave - night 193 James close the Bible , scoops up a handful of dirt and drop it on the coffin below . int . coffin 194 in the total darkness we hear the SOUND of dirt hit the coffin lid . Frank go berserk . | frank get I out of here ! he : pound .. frantically against 's the casket . the wood creak . of frank ( hysterically ) _ nqoo0000000 ! shovelful of dirt hit the coffin . Frank 's pound increase . frank i_want to live ! I want to live ! ( continued ) 195 116 . continued : . 194 with he last ounce of strength , he slowly pries open the coffin lid . match CUT to : int . ibc 22nd floor elevator bank - night 195 Frank burst out of the elevator and land on the floor . frank I want to live !!! Church bell ring loudly on the tv monitor above he . Frank stop thrashing . he look around , recognize that he 's back safe on the 22nd floor . as the reality hit , a big smile spread across he face . he bound to he foot . he giggle , laugh louder , finally shouting with joy . frank i'm alive !!! eliot step from around the corner , aim a shotgun squarely at Frank . eliot ( smile ) not for long . Frank brushes the gun aside and throw a brotherly arm around eliot .. frank okay , here 's my final offer -- you be hire back at twice the salary , you ' move upstairs.to a big office , and I be make you vice - president in charge of programming . : eliot . lower the gun . eliot Excuse I , I be look for a mister Frank Cross . I must have the wrong -- Frank stop he as he turn to go . ( continued ) 196 through 197 117 . continued : * 195 frank no , it 's I but ... it 's not I ! I be a new man ! I be a lover ! he give he a big kiss on the cheek . frank I be a singer ! he hit a high note . on the tv monitor , the clanging bell of London change to the caroler sing i_heard the bell on Christmas Day . prank I be a dancer ! he grab eliot and waltze he wildly down the hall . but Frank freeze in mid tango-spin , let go of he partner 's hand . eliot sail across the floor and topple over a desk . frank wait ! be we still on the air ? eliot climb from behind the desk . eliot ( apprehensively ) get about ten minute leave . Frank help he to he foot , throw a arm around he and steer he towards the door . frank ten minute ! come on eliot ! Frank pull . a shiny red Christmas ball from the corporate wreath , hook it . around he ear , and flash a wacky grin . frank let 's have a little fun for once in this life ! 196 omitted through 197 199 int . studio - night scrooge , wear a night shirt and tassele cap , open the bedroom shutter and look out . scrooge oh what a glorious day ! never have there be such a day !- he shout to the Street urchin lobbing snowballs street below . ' scrooge you there ! lad ! the boy stop and look up at the window . urchin 1 yes sir ? be you talk to I sir ? scrooge hold up a shiny coin . scrooge here 's a gold sovereign ! go buy I the biggest goose in all London ! he toss it to the boy o.s. slow motion of the tumble coin . but it 's catch by a different hand . lis . 198 throw in the we hear gasp . we see the shocked reaction of brando , Grace . int . . control room - night the place be in a panic . technician # 1 he 's drunk ! technician # 2 he 's nut ! brice he 's finish ! 199 eliot have appear with the shotgun behind the director . eliot just. stay on he . 2a1 282 283 119 . int . studio - night yy 206 the hand open . and Frank Cross look down at the coin he just catch . as more camera glide over to shoot he , Frank take charge . frank which camera be I on ? this one ? come in a little closer , tony . * ( into camera ) hi , I be Frank Cross , I be the President of this network . and I gotta ask you one question .. int . rhinelander's den - night 291 bolt upright in he chair , nervously sip a drink , Preston rhinelander glare at Frank on the tv set . it * have start to snow outside . frank -- what the hell be you do watch television on Christmas Eve ? rhinelander do a spit-take and lunge for the phone . int . studio - night , 262 frank . do not you have a family ? I do . I have a brother . and he 's the best . . int . jame ' live room - night 283 James , wendie and the other couple crowd around the tv , watch Frank . frank ( wave ) hey James . I should be there with you guy right now . not here . we could be drink punch , tell joke , eat mince pie -- I do not know . but I should be with people I love . it 's Christmas Eve . ( continued ) 12 . be 203 continued : os 203 they all cheer , startling the dog. jame you tell ‘em Frank ! ; 284 int . studio - night 204 frank no family ? what about you friend -- the gang you work | with ? | 205 int . rhinelander's den - night 205 rhinelander 's on the phone and Frank 's on the console . | rhinelander frank Control room ? who let «.- you college roommate , that idiot on the air ? the car pool , ... 206 int . 8h control room - night 206 eliot be ‘on the other end of the line , hold shotgun , one foot up on the director 's chair . Frank 's in the monitor . eliot frank brice cumming do , sir . «.- you bowl team , a old army buddy , you personal banker , ... rhinelander ( v.o. ) put he on the phone immediately ! we pan away from eliot to find brice festively truss up in Christmas ribbon , gag , with a big bow stick to he head . eliot I be sorry , sir . he 's tie up right now . ( continued ) 121. 206 continued : yy 206 brice attempt to hop out of the room but eliot deftly * slam he foot down on the end of brice 's ribbon and he . * topple to the floor with a big crash . * frank call them up and get ' tem over there , have a party . 267 int . studio - night 287 frank when I first start here my boss give great Christmas party . we be gonna do that again . tonight ! why ? because it 's Christmas Eve . 268 angle on camera men , 268 sound guy , prop man , actor , technician in studio whooping delightedly . 269 angle on frank 299 frank yeah , we be gonna get a band down here . you grab somebody you like and dance and you kiss ‘em under the mistletoe . sm ( think about Claire ) Boy , there 's a girl I would like to be with tonight . 216 int . - homeless shelter ~- night 218 Claire watch Frank on the raffle tv . * frank a girl I love a long time ago . move in on a tight shot of Claire . frank ( 0.s. ) a girl I still love . ( continued ) 122. oo oe , 216 continued : 8 210 at we see Frank on tv , Claire watch . frank ( brighten ) but that 's the beauty of it , Claire . it 's not too late . it 's Christmas Eve . 211 ext . shelter - night . 211 it be snow . Claire run out into the street and hail acab . a checker fishtail to a stop . she jump in . 212 int . checker - night 212 claire I have to get to the ibc building in two minute . the cabbie turn , a wide , pointy - toothe smile slap all , on he demon face . — cabbie no problem . he punch the accelerator and the cab peel out . 213 int . . studio - night 213 frank no friend ? go make a friend . visit a neighbor and introduce yourself . ' what . do ya think , they be gonna slam the door in you face ? do not worry . I get a idea . : ( lean in conspiratorially ) bake them some cookie . 214 int . dr . rosenblum's live room - night 214 Frank 's psychiatrist sadly shake he head as he watch Frank on tv . ( continued ) | | | | 215 216 217 123. continued : yy 214 frank not just ordinary cookie -- no , no , no , no . special cookie , the one shape like bell : and star and little snowmen . dr . rosenblum ( to himself ) he come to I for help and I fail he . int . studio - night 215 frank then put some red and green sprinkle on top , knock on they door and say , " merry Christmas ! want a cookie ? " it will work . it 's Christmas Eve . or carol . that 's a cool thing to do . Grace , calvin , lanell and Mary Lou retton watch Frank from the floor . frank get together and sing some of that classic old Christmas song . ( he demonstrate ) '' deck the hall with bough of holly , pa-la-la- la - lah ... " int . ibc lobby / guard console - night ' 216 the two Guards harmonize loudly , they voice echoing in the marble lobby . ibc security guard " I be dream of a white ... " int . grace's live room - night 217 gramma on the telecaster and the cooley kid sing . cooley family " jolly old Saint Nicholas , lean you ear ... " 219 226 TW 221 222 int . claire' homeless shelter .- night homeless be gather around a beat - up old upright sing while hazel play . shelter crowd " oh little town of bethlehem , how still ... " . omitted int . rhinelander's den - night the tv be still on but rhinelander 's chair be empty . frank get out there ! wake the neighbor ! it 's Christmas Eve . his arm around he wife , Preston rhinelander stand look out at caroler who be serenade they . ext . rhinelander's brownstone - night 218 219 * 220 as Frank continue to speak , we pan over to the window and the sound of carol outside . 221 we see a reverse of the caroler , a cross-section of New yorker , with the rhinelander frame in they parlor floor picture window . caroler ( finish the song ) , " troll the ancient yuletide .carol , fa-la-la-la-lah-la-la-la-la . " open the window . wife —. merry Christmas ! want a cookie ? int . studio - night frank ( take off the Christmas ball ) . there be people around you who be have a terrible Christmas . ( more ) ( continued ) ' Preston applaud . his wife beckon to they , throw 222 '' al , 223 224 125 . continued : a 222 frank ( cont would ) they be cold and they be hungry . thing could not be worse . hey , if you be not do anything -~ and you be not ; you be just sit around watch I on tv -- why do not you drop by and see " they ? give them a sweater , a old blanket . make ‘em a sandwich . Frank notice calvin . we see calvin stare back . frank ( 0.s. ) show them you care . Frank press on . frank do something , for God 's sake . it 's Christmas Eve . ext . waterfront - night . 223 three bum huddle around a fire in a oil drum during the snowstorm . siren wail , a cop car pull up and hit they in the face with a searchlight . cop # 1 alright you , get over here ! take this ! 5 , he shove a bucket of kentucky fry Chicken at they . cop # 2 and. do not tell anybody where you get it ! int . studio - night 224 frank for one night , we act a little nicer , we smile a little quick ; we share a little more . for a few hour , we be the people we always hope we would be . be not that amazing ? ( more ) ( continued ) > 224 continued : yy . 224 frank ( cont would ) it 's really sort of a ... a miracle ! a miracle that happen every year . on Christmas Eve . do not waste it . get involved ! wake up ! : we see calvin , unnotice by he mother , slip away and wander toward Frank . frank take a chance ! get out ! celebrate ! it 's gonna be a great night . after all , it 's Christmas Eve . he notice that calvin have come over and be stand beside he . he reach down and calvin shyly slip he hand in Frank 's . they share a smile . Frank turn to the tv camera . frank merry Christmas ! | calvin turn to the camera too . calvin and God bless we , every one . Grace be stunne . she burst into tear . lanell and Mary Lou look at each other in . amazement . Frank laugh - and : scoops up calvin iin he . arm . Grace give . they both a hug . the : whole . studio:.applauds Frank include many person we have see before -- the London bobbie , the Lady censor , prop man 1 , prop man 2 hold doormice , the nurse , " tip " o'neill , the Street urchin , the caroler , the carpenter , the painter , the technician , Wayne , Ted , the solid gold dancer , lanell , Mary Lou retton , Mary Lou 's coach , scrooge 's fiancee Belle , scrooge 's nephew , scrooge 's ghost of Christmas present , tony the cameraman , the stage manager , the other ibc execs , eliot and marlon brando . Claire can barely get through they . af 4 ( continued ) 127 . 224 continued : ( 2 ) . 224 * po ad Frank spot Claire fight she way through the crowd . he hand calvin to Grace and Claire rush into he arm . they kiss ! claire . ( tear stream down she face ) merry Christmas lumpy ! . frank Christmas ?... bah humbug ! he wink at someone high over she shoulder and kiss Claire again . we crane back and up slowly on the reunite lover embrace in a pool of light , frame by a cheer throng , until we catch lew hayward and the three ghost perch on a victorian roof - top , smile triumphantly . sitting with they , now a angel with wing and a crooked halo , be herman the wino . '' JOHN houseman ( v.o. ) " and from that day forward , it be . always say of he that he know how to keep Christmas well , if anyone alive possess the knowledge . he become as good a friend , as good a brother , as good a boss , as good a father , as the good old city know . and . he work to make the world a : happy place where child laugh and - man dream dream of peace and ' angel sing . " " the end " roll end credit as all sing angel we have Heard on High . everybody '' angel we have hear 6 n high sweetly sing o'er the plain ... " fade out .