seven by Andrew Kevin Walker January 27,1992 the world be a fine place , and worth fight for . - Ernest hemingway for whom the Bell toll 1940 ext . country church -- day the white cross on the church steeple stand against blue sky . the church bell ring , resonate . mass have let out . small church , small congregation . the dirt road in front be line with pick - up truck and parishioner on foot head to outly farm and home . a old two -story house sit across the road . Lone . int . old house -- day sunlight come through the soot on the window , more brown than bright . somerset , 45 , in a suit and tie , stand in this empty second -story room . he look around , at the ceiling , at the wear wooden floor , at the peel wallpaper on the wall . somerset walk to one wall where the current wallpaper be peel away to reveal flowery wallpaper underneath . he run he finger across one of the pale red rose that decorate the older paper . he push the grime away , bring the rise out more clearly . he pull at the edge of the paper , carefully rip off a roughly square section with the rise at its center . he study it in he hand . ext . old house -- day bird sing . somerset stand , ponder the forest landscape . man' voice ( o.s. ) be something wrong ? somerset do not respond . the man , in a ill-fitting real estate jacket , be seat on the hood of a dirty Ford thunderbird . he hold a check and a booklet of receipt . man ( cont ) be something the matter ? somerset no ... no . there 's nothing wrong . somerset still seem distant . man ( write receipt ) not that it 's any of my business ... but , be you figure on move out here eventually ? somerset soon . man I just never see a man mortgage a empty house before . somerset everything here still seem ... seem so strange to I . all this . man I do not know . I would say this place be about as normal as place get . the man walk over to hand over a receipt . somerset accept the receipt , fold it . somerset smile . somerset that be exactly what I mean . strange . somerset look back at the house . the man do not understand . int . amtrack train -- day -- ( credit sequence begins ) somerset be in a window seat , smoking a cigarette , look out the speed train . he be near the back of the car , away from the few other passenger . outside , farm , small home and lawn pass . the entire panorama be dapple by the ray of the soon set sun . the light flicker across somerset 's placid face . int . amtrack train -- later day the train be nearly full . somerset have he suitcase on the aisle seat beside he . he have a hardcover book unopen on he lap . he still stare out the window , but he disposition have sour . the train be pass a ugly , swampy field . a car 's burnt - out skeleton sit rusting in the bracken . a little further on , two dog be fight , circle , attack , they coat matte with blood . somerset turn he head to watch the dog . away in the field , another dog sprint to join the fight . int . amtrack train -- early evening pass urban street below . slum . smashed car . people stand on the corner , under the bleak glow of street lamp . somerset 's suitcase be by the window . somerset be now in the aisle seat , read he book . int . somerset' apartment -- later night -- ( end credit ) curtain close . the sound of the CITY be here as they will be everywhere in this story . a car alarm shriek . somerset 's life be pack in many move box , except for clothing in a closet and hundred of book on shelf . somerset , dress only in he underwear , lay back on the bed . he reach to the nightstand , to a wooden , pyramidical metronome . he frees the metronome 's weight swingarm so it move back and forth . swing to the leave ... tick , swing to the right ... tick . tick , tick , tick , measure and steady . somerset situate on the bed , close he eye . the metronome 's tick compete with the sound of the car alarm . somerset 's face tighten as he concentrate on the metronome . his eye close tighter . tick , tick , tick ... the swingarm move evenly . somerset 's breathe deepen . the car alarm seem quieter . tick , tick , tick . somerset continue he concentration . the metronome be the only SOUND . somerset 's face relax slightly as he begin to fall asleep . tick , tick , tick ... ext . chinese bodega / CITY street -- night david mill , 31 , exit with a bag 40 oz bottle of beer . he be a lean , attractive man , constantly coiled , eye always smolder . follow as he walk quickly past iron-gate storefront . he cross the street under elevate subway track . a train roar overhead . Mills watch it as he walk on . Blue spark spit off the third rail and illuminate Mills , throw he shadow long down the desert street . ext . urban STREET of row home -- night this rotting neighborhood life in the shadow of a single fat skyscraper . Mills walk , look at the break refrigerator and piece of junk in the gutter . ahead in the street , two young thug struggle with a crowbar to break into the trunk of a park car . Mills draw near . one thug look up , do not think Mills will be a problem , continue pry . Mills stop , calm . mill be that you car , man ? first thug what the fuck do you care ? Mills pause , switch he beer bottle to he other hand . mill do that car belong to you ? the thug look at each other , gaug . they face Mills . first thug yeah , it 's my car , alright ? fuck off . mill you be tell I that 's you car ? the second thug start the long way round the car . second thug well , for some strange reason , I do not believe you . Mills give a " be not that silly " laugh , shift he gaze -- see the first thug slide the crowbar so it 's hold as a weapon . first thug ( step forward ) you can fuck suck my ... Mills swiftly finish that sentence by smash he bottle against the first thug 's head . the thug fall , swing blindly . the second thug move from the side , bring out a knife . Mills avert , swing , pound the side of he fist into the second thug 's face -- crack . Broken nose . the second thug stumble back , drop the knife , he nose squirting blood . Mills turn , enraged , breathe hard . the first thug be scream , try to stand . Mills take one step , punt the first thug 's head . the crowbar clatter away . Mills be in the process of kick a man when he 's down , when the second thug grab he from behind , pull he backwards . Mills clutches at the thug 's arm , try to avoid a choke-hold . they both struggle spastically . the thug 's win . gurgle , gasp for air , Mills shift he weight , drop to one knee and spin the thug , slamm he against the car . Mills break loose , grab a handful of the second thug 's hair and hold the man 's head against the car 's side window . Mills ' free hand pound the thug 's face : once , twice -- third time 's the charm as the window shatter . the thug go out cold . Mills back off , still incense . he rub he throat , look at the two prone man . slowly , he regains some composure . he take a keychain from he pocket . he unlock the door of the car , load one of the thug into the back seat . he walk to collect the other thug off the street . int . somerset' apartment , bedroom -- morning somerset pick item off a move box : key , wallet , homicide badge . finally , he open the hardcover book from the train . from the page , he take the pale , wallpaper rise . int . tenement apartment -- day a wall be stain by a starburst of blood . somerset stand , melancholy , look at a body on the floor under a sheet near a saw - off shotgun . the apartment be gloomy . detective taylor , 52 , look through a notepad . taylor neighbor hear they scream at each other . it be nothing new or unusual . but , then they hear the gun go off . boom , boom ... both barrel . somerset do he wife confess ? do she actually speak the word ? taylor when the patrolman get here she be try to put he head back together . she be cry too hard to say anything . ( shut notebook ) crime of passion . somerset yes . look at all the passion splatter up on the wall here . Taylor shift he weight , impatient , annoyed . taylor this be a do deal . all but the paperwork . somerset look at a coloring - book open on the coffee table . there be crayon beside it . somerset pick the book up . he flip through : crudely color picture . somerset do they son see it happen ? taylor what kind of question be that ? huh ? ( point ) he 's dead . his wife kill he . there it be . that 's all . anything else have nothing to do with nothing . somerset replace the book , dig up a cigarette from he pocket . taylor ( cont ) you and you fuck question , somerset . I be glad I be get rid of you today . you know that , you fuck ? David Mills enter , dress in a suit . he look a bit lose . mill uh ... Lieutenant somerset ? somerset light he cigarette , look to Mills . mill ( cont ) I be David Mills ... you new partner . ext . tenement / CITY STREET -- day a body - bag be carry through the crowd around the tenement door . somerset follow . Mills follow somerset . they walk towards the end of the filthy block . mill I be a little throw . I just finish orientation at central , and they dumped I off down here . somerset I hear you bring in two small - timer last night . mill yeah . two real idiot . somerset since we be just start out , I think we could go to a bar . sit and talk for awhile . that way we can ... mill Excuse I , but I would rather start sniff for a case , if it 's all the same to you . see how we only have a week for this whole transition thing . ( wait ) I want to get into the shit a.s.a.p. , know what I mean ? somerset walk , no reply . Mills search to get a read on he . somerset I mean to ask you something ... when we speak on the phone . I can not help wonder ... ( pause ) why be you here ? mill ( wary ) I ... I do not follow . somerset all this effort you have go through , to be transfer from Philadelphia to here . it 's the first question that pop into my head . Mills formulate he response . mill I be here for the same reason as you , I guess . or ... at least the same reason you use to have for be here ... ( cut ) ... before you decide to give up . somerset stop and face Mills . somerset you think you know I ? you just meet I two minute ago . mill maybe I do not understand the question . somerset it 's very simple . you have come from the " City of brotherly Love " to the " City of brotherly hate , " detective . I have never see it do that way . mill I do not know . maybe I think I could do more good here than there . ( pause ) you know , it would be great by I if we do not start right out kick each other in the ball . but , you be call the shot , lieutenant , so however you want it to go . somerset let I tell you how I want this to go . I want you to look , and I want you to listen . mill I be not stand around Philly guard the fuck Liberty Bell . somerset but , you have never work homicide in this city . mill I realize that . somerset well , please do I the favor of remember it . Mills just stare back at somerset . somerset walk . Mills roll he eye , look to heaven like , " what would I do to deserve this ? " he follow somerset . insert -- title card monday int . somerset' apartment , bedroom -- early morning somerset lie asleep on the bed . it be still dark outside . relatively quiet . the phone beside the inactive metronome ring harshly . somerset awaken suddenly , rankle . int . mill ' apartment , bedroom -- early morning it be barely become light outside . Mills can not sleep . alone in a double bed . he sit up , frustrated . sit on the edge of the bed and look around . the room be a shamble , fill with move box . the light come through the window glow upon a football trophy on one box . large and noble , a golden player stand in freeze motion at the trophy 's pinnacle . Mills look at the trophy and a fond smile form on he face . the clinking of dish and silverware be heard from another room . Mills look at the close bedroom door , troubled . int . mill ' apartment , live room / kitchenette -- early morning across a live room full of box , tracy mill , 30 , a beautiful woman , stand in she bathrobe . she 's upset about something , take dish out of box , put they on the kitchenette counter . she pull a mug from a clump of newspaper and pour some tea from a pot on the stove . blow on the steaming tea , she lean back on the counter , look over at the close bedroom door . the tea be too hot to sip , and as Tracy be place the mug on the counter behind she the phone ring . startle , she release the mug too close to the edge . it fall -- crashes to the floor , shatter . int . apartment / crime scene , hallway -- morning a dark hall . somerset and Mills stand with officer davis , 28 , a beefy , uniform cop . Light from a camera 's flash spill in from the nearby kitchen . Davis hand somerset two flashlight . somerset at what time do you confirm the death ? davis like I say , we do not touch anything , but we be on scene at like o-five - hundred , so he 's have he face in a plate of spaghetti for about half a hour . mill wait , wait , wait . you do not check he ? you do not check vital sign ? davis believe I , he 's go . unless he 's breathe spaghetti sauce now . mill no . the point be , when you be first man in , you check vital sign . davis this guy 's sit in a pile of he own shit and piss . if he be not dead he would have stand up by now . mill ( get angry ) listen , godzilla ... somerset step in , head Mills off . somerset thank you , Officer Davis . we will see you again after we have have a look . davis yes , sir . Davis leave , eyeing Mills . Mills watch he . somerset hand Mills a flashlight , take out surgical glove . somerset I wonder what exactly be the point of the conversation you be about to get into ? mill and , I wonder how many time Officer Davis there have find a supposedly dead man who do not really die until Davis be back in the patrol car call the morgue and eat a powder donut . somerset snap one glove over he hand and check the fit . somerset Drop it . we have more important concern just now , do not we ? mill Fine ... for now . int . apartment / crime scene , kitchen -- night the police photographer pack up , hoist he camera and equipment bag . somerset and Mills enter . Mills put on he own pair of rubber glove . the grubby kitchen be small ; barely room for four people to move around in . the photographer exit : photographer bon appetit . the only light be a murky green illumination from the ceiling . the light bathes a obese man who be slump forward in a kitchen chair , face - down - dead in a plate of spaghetti . the sizable kitchen table 's green tablecloth be cover with soile paper plate . the plate hold bit of half - eat sandwich , potato , donut and other junk - food remnant . Mills and somerset turn on they flashlight . Mills point he at the green bulb above . aluminum foil have be wrap around the bulb to focus the light on the corpse . somerset sweep the room with he flashlight . he go to the body and kneel beside it . there 's a rope tie around the man 's wide gut . Mills come to stand beside somerset . mill I guess that make it homicide . somerset crouch lower , use a pen to lift one of the dead man 's pants cuff . rope be tie around the purplish ankle . Mills examine the knot behind the chair 's back . shine he flashlight on the man 's belly . mill ( cont ) still , he could have tie himself in . to make it look like murder . somerset be not listen , focus on the corpse . he study the man 's head and neck without touch . mill ( cont ) I do not see any blood or bruise yet . no wound . you see anything ? somerset ( irritate ) not yet . somerset stand , point he flashlight : the obese man 's stiff hand be clutching utensil . a knife in the leave hand , a fork stick straight up in the right with a hunk of meat hang skewer . cockroach swarm . Mills turn to the sink and stove . each burner of the stove have a use pot or pan on it . there 's food slopped everywhere . mill I see a guy once ... commit suicide , but he want to make sure he family could collect insurance money , right ? somerset walk to the room 's only window . the window have be paint over with black paint . he touch the window with he pinkie finger . the paint be still wet . Mills go to a trash can by the refrigerator . the trash can be full to the brim with empty food container . mill ( cont ) so , this guy take this big knife ... and he hold it behind he , put the tip of it in he back , and he run backwards into the wall . Cause , he think it be go to look like someone stab he in the back . Mills open the refrigerator . it 's nearly empty . mill ( cont ) except , he poke a big fuck hole in the dry wall when he do it . somerset if you could ... spare I the anecdote for now . leave the refrigerator open for the light . mill ( sarcastic ) oh , forgive I . I think we have this male - bond thing go . my mistake . somerset look at the floor , deep in think . his flashlight beam follow a trail of drip sauce , soup and bit of food run from the stove to the table . somerset what do you smell ? other than he , and all the food . mill ( sniff ) I do not know ... there 's something . somerset go close to the table , then lean to peer under . somerset a bucket . somerset point the flashlight and Mills crouch , pull up the tablecloth on he side of the table . two large dead rat lay on the floor beside a metal bucket . Mills grimace , slide under the table , careful to avoid the rat . he look in the bucket . he lean back , baffle . mill it 's vomit . he look at somerset under the table . mill ( cont ) it 's a bucket of vomit . somerset be there any blood in it ? mill can not tell by look . somerset stand , perplex , stare at the dead man . there be a knock at the door . the detective look to doctor thomas o'neill , 52 , the medical examiner . o' neill be a frumpy man , seem a bit go , look at the green bulb . o'neill mood lighting . very sixty . he drop he bag on the floor , sort through the content . mill ( to somerset ) you think he be poison ? Mills go to the trash can , poke the garbage with a pencil . mill ( cont ) and , that rat there somehow eat the poison off the floor ? somerset guess this early be useless . o'neill you girl have get the forensics guy out there chompin ' at the bit . do not know if we will all fit in here though . Mills continue search the garbage . mill there 's room . Light 's the problem . somerset well , three be certainly a crowd in here . and , with four , someone 's bound to be step on evidence . ( pause ) detective Mills , go help the officer question the neighbor . mill ( not pleased ) thanks , but no thanks . I will stay on this . somerset watch o'neill at the corpse . o' neill point a thin flashlight with he mouth , he hand free for the examination . somerset ( not look up ) send one forensic in on you way out . Mills be piss . he lift he flashlight to shine it on the side of somerset 's face . a moment pass . somerset look at Mills , light shine directly in somerset 's eye . a longer moment . Mills switch the light off . he leave . o'neill unceremoniously place both hand on the dead man 's head , lift the swollen visage from the spaghetti . o'neill he be dead . int . precinct house , basement gym -- day thwack , thwack ... thwack . Mills punch the heavy bag with hard , quick punch . sweat drip off he face . he 's in work - out clothing , a bundle of nerve wear box glove . the wall be cover in mirror . other cop watch Mills as they pass , check out the new kid . Mills keep punch , skillfully . he stop when he see somerset reflect in one of the mirror . somerset walk over , carry a pizza box with paper pile on top . he sit on a near bench , take out a cigarette . somerset pizza and paperwork , detective Mills . mill we need to chat . int . basement gym , boxing ring -- day Mills open a door and enter with somerset behind . they be alone . chair face a old , limp -roped box ring . practice pad hang from peg on a wall . Mills clasp a pair in he glove , offer they to somerset . somerset no . mill you just hold they up . I do all the work . somerset take the pad reluctantly , put they on . he still have the un - light cigarette hang from he mouth . Mills climb into the ring . he hold the rope open for somerset , wait . somerset do not want to do this , but he climb up . mill ( cont ) you have see my file ... see the thing I have do ? somerset yes . impressive work . Mills motion to somerset and somerset hold up the practice pad . Mills start work they , lightly , warming up . thwack ... thwack ... mill so , what 's you problem ? I have do my time on door- to-door , and walk a beat . somerset I know it . that do not mean ... mill I do all that shit a long time ago . thwack ... thwack ... somerset 's very stiff , uncomfortable . somerset I make a decision , because I have to worry about the integrity of the scene . mill that 's bullshit . somerset when I be on scene , I be not go to worry whether you think you be get enough time on the play field . I be there to do the work . Mills punch a little more aggressively . somerset 's back , flinching , keep the pad high . thwack ... thwack ... thwack ... mill the badge in my pocket say " detective , " just like yours . I have be homicide for four and a half year . somerset you have work homicide for four year , or for five year ... do not count the half - year , unless you want to sound like a rookie . Mills unload a mighty wallop and one practice pad recoil into somerset 's face , knock somerset on he ass . mill oops . my hand slip . Mills walk , climb out of the ring . mill ( cont ) you fuck I over today , and you know it . you know it . somerset look at the break cigarette in he mouth . he contain he anger . he seem to realize Mills have a point . mill ( cont ) just do not jerk I off . that 's all I ask . it 's not much . do not jerk I off . ( pause ) please , do I the favor of remember that . Mills exit . somerset spit out the break cigarette . int . urban school , office -- day Tracy look out a window from behind steel bar . below she , young child play in a playground . they be play hop-scotch , throw ball , chase each other . the swing set be break . the handball wall be graffity . woman' voice ( o.s. ) I be sorry , Mrs. Mills . we do not have anything right now . Tracy look away from the window to the haggard woman . the school 's office be ill-equipped , busy , disorganize . woman ( cont ) we will try to give you a call if we need substitute next month . tracy thank you . Tracy look back at the playground : on the other side of a chain - link fence , a butcher in a bloody apron walk down the ramp of a freezer truck . he carry a big , whole , slaughter pig on he shoulder . the pig 's head flop as the butcher walk . some child stop they game and run to watch the man and the pig corpse pass . int . underground subway train -- day the train clatter through a tunnel , pack full , wheel screeching . the light go on and off . passenger read tabloid , stare at they foot , study advertisement on the wall ; anything to avoid make eye-contact with other . all race , creed and color ; all ugly , forlorn human being . Tracy stand fatigue , hold a handrail . a bag-lady , crust with dirt , reek , push she way through the crowd . a man press against Tracy in a attempt to let the bag-lady pass . Tracy switch hand on the rail , turn sideways to make room . she look down . on one seat , a man , quite normal look , sit hold a porno magazine , three - way fuck , in one hand . his other hand be in he pocket . he 's obviously masturbate himself in he pants . no one else notice or seem to care . Tracy look away , disgust . she close she eye . the train 's wheel screech louder as the train take a curve . int . indoor fruit stand -- night the front and one side of the shop be entirely open to the busy sidewalk and street . a transparent plastic canopy frame the entrance . a strange man , 20 , stand at the edge of the canopy . he wear a stain sweatsuit outfit and hum a song , oblivious . Tracy and Mills look together over the pile of fruit and vegetable pile on wooden stand which form tight aisle . mill it be okay . I mean ... it be certainly better than yesterday . I think somerset and I come to a small understanding ... Mills hold he thumb and forefinger about a quarter of a inch apart to illustrate . mill ( cont ) ... about this big . tracy he sound interesting . mill he be that , if nothing else . Mills throw some orange in the basket hang from Tracy 's arm . he go to check out the carrot . Tracy look up from head of lettuce to the strange man at the entrance . the strange man hum on , rock back and forth slowly , he eye glassy . customer come and go , pay he no mind . Mills notice Tracy 's interest . he keep compare carrot . mill ( cont ) we start a big homicide case today . I will spare you the grisly detail . the strange man suddenly stop hum and look into the store with a crooked grin . strange man name that tune ? anybody name that tune ? name that tune ... the man keep repeat this , over and over , still ignore . tracy it 's ... it 's like they emptied all the insane asylum into the street . she look back to the head of lettuce . tracy ( cont ) that 's what it 's like . like they just give up , and let everyone out . Mills nod , he back to Tracy . tracy ( cont ) there be a lot of frightening people in this city . mill there be a lot of frightening people in the world . Tracy look again to the strange man . strange man name that tune ? anybody name that tune ? tracy it seem worse than Philadelphia , because everything be push right up against you . in you face . Mills edge past Tracy towards the front of the store , try to be pleasant . mill listen , honey . I do not want to fight tonight . okay ? can we just go one night without fight about something ? he look over apple , think that 's the end of that . tracy I be not try to start a fight . ( pause ) how be I try to start a fight ? mill we be here now . okay . be we suppose to pack it all in and go back ? how be we go to do that ? tracy do I have to act like I love this place ? be that what a " good wife " would do ? mill ( doleful ) there 's a lot of pressure on I ... I ... tracy and , there 's a lot of pressure on I . I be here with you . mill I know . I know ... Mills step towards the open air entrance . he 's watch something . the strange man be still hear offscreen . Tracy reach to a high wooden shelf , try to reach a bag of rice , she back to Mills . tracy I be not go to close my eye and block everything out , David . I be not go to act like you deliver we to some sort of paradise . I can not ... she get the rice and turn . Mills be not there . she sigh , angry , look around . she walk towards the entrance and see he -- tracy's p.o.v . -- the STREET in front of the stand , Mills have run to the corner of the sidewalk to help a very old woman with a cane . the elderly woman smile up at Mills , take he arm as he help she off the curb and across the street . he talk to she as they go . int . indoor fruit stand -- night Tracy 's anger fade . she shake she head , touch , amaze by the plain boy scoutishness of she husband . tracy's p.o.v . -- the STREET Mills deposit the old woman on the other side . she thanks he , patting he on the cheek . Mills start back towards the fruit stand , proud of himself . a car screech to a halt , just miss he . the driver lean out the window , yell at Mills . Mills kick the side of the car . mill fuck you . ( as car leave ) fuck you , you son of a bitch ! I be walk here . int . indoor fruit stand -- night Tracy roll she eye in amused disappointment . she sigh again . Mills pass the babbling strange man , come up to Tracy . mill I be sorry ... I could not pass it up . I never have a chance to actually do that . but , we can start the argument right back up where we leave off , right ? Tracy look at he , charme , no longer willing to fight . mill ( play dumb ) what ? Tracy wrap a arm around Mills and kiss he . he hold she . strange man that be the theme from tv 's mod squad . I be surprised nobody get that one . the strange man start hum a new tune . a old man try to get through the aisle where Mills and Tracy be kissing . old man ( infuriate ) Excuse I . Excuse I ! int . mill ' apartment , bedroom -- night a small transistor radio plays on the bedside table . Mills and Tracy be in bed , make love under the sheet . they move rhythmically , kissing , sweat hard . Mills hold Tracy 's hair in he hand , pull she head back as she gasp and he thrust he entire body against hers . Mills ' hair be soak . he be anything but mellow as a lover , quicken while Tracy twist underneath he . Tracy hold tight to the back of he neck with one hand . finally , Mills push himself up on he arm , hold he head down against Tracy 's chest . hold for a long moment , till he be spend and lower himself against she , into she arm . he rest a long time . she kiss he forehead , keep she eye close . finally , Mills roll off she , get behind she and wrap the both of they in the sheet . he fold himself against she , and they stay that way . tracy goodnight . mill goodnight . after a long moment , Mills shift back , sit up . Tracy look over she shoulder at he as he take a towel off a chair and stand . Mills wrap the towel around he waist . he lean over to give Tracy a last kiss . she watch he leave the room . she be about to say something , but do not . a light come on in the other room , leak through the door . int . mill ' apartment , live room -- night Mills sit down at he desk . he start look through police paperwork . the radio in the other room go off in mid song . insert -- title card tuesday int . autopsy room -- early morning the room be cold , clean . Stainless steel . White tile . many pathologist work at slab . Mills and somerset be with doctor santiago , 35 , who stand over the mostly dissect obese corpse . santiago if you take a look here , buddy ... I can tell you , it be not a poison . if you can see ... I have emptied all of everything out of the stomach . but , look at it , now that I take away the liver . santiago reach into the belly of the cavernous corpse . Mills move closer beside somerset , but not too close , try to hide he disgust . we hear squashy sound as santiago work , but we do not see in . santiago ( cont ) I move the lung over . first , see how big this fat son-of - a-bitch stomach be . now ... here be the strange thing , on the stomach . stretches. ( point ) and , here be it distend . look at the size of that , because of the food . mill I can see what you be point at ... santiago on the stomach . the line of distention . somerset 's look in , not believe what he see . somerset Doctor , be you say this man ... eat till he burst ? santiago yes , well , he do not actually burst . he be bleed , inside of himself . and , there 's a hemotoma on the outside ... on the belly . somerset walk around the slab , look the body over . mill he die by eat ? santiago someone punch he , or kick he . somerset notice something on the partially shave head . he lean close to look at five or six small bruise on the back of the dead man 's head ; circular bruise , some darker than other , all about the same diameter as a dime . santiago ( cont ) oh , and there be this here ... something else you have to look at and see . somerset stand straight , realize something about the bruise . santiago ( cont ) most of he stomach content be in the lab now ... but , this . I find this in the fat man 's stomach . santiago look amongst tool , bucket and jar of liquid . he pick up a glass jar and show it to Mills . in the jar : many little bit of blue plastic . like scraping . mill plastic ? Mills get somerset 's attention , hand he the jar . somerset look at it a long time . santiago why this be in a fat man 's stomach , I do not know . int . apartment / crime scene , hallway -- morning outside the door to the murder scene , Mills and somerset cut through the restricted area / crime scene seal . somerset that bruise on the back of the victim 's head be cause by the muzzle of a gun . mill so , the killer have he at gunpoint , and give he a choice : eat , or get you head blow off . int . apartment / crime scene , kitchen -- morning somerset and Mills enter . somerset take out the jar of plastic scraping , turn on the now normal light . they begin to search . somerset he be force - feed ... till he body start rejecting the food . he literally could not eat another bite . mill so , the killer hold a bucket under he . somerset his throat be swollen from the effort . he be bleed internally . he must have black out ... and , if you be the killer , you be not go to want to wait around for he to die . somerset examine the counter top and wall . Mills get down on he knee , examine the linoleum floor . mill you kick he , pop he like a fuck balloon . ( touch floor ) somerset , look here . somerset get down , hold the jar against the linoleum . somerset same color and texture . they both crawl on hand and knee , study every inch of floor . mill if this be what that be ... it do not make sense . it do not figure . somerset always look for one thing to focus on . there 's always one singular thing , and it might be as small as a speck of dust , but find it and focus ... till it 's a exhaust possibility . mill how be piece of the floor go to get in the guy 's stomach ? somerset exactly . why would so many piece be inside he stomach unless they be place there intentionally ? somerset notice deep scratch in the linoleum , finger the groove . he take a piece of plastic from the jar , hold it to the scratch , fiddle with it , fit it in . he look up to see , this scratch be in front of the refrigerator . it look like they be cause by the refrigerator have be pull away from the wall and push back at some time . int . apartment / crime scene , kitchen -- later morning we be behind the refrigerator as it be rock back and forth . it 's pull away from the wall . somerset and Mills strain , pull a few more foot , then release . they lean to look -- the refrigerator have hide a space on the wall where the dust have be clear . in that space : a circle , smear in grease , and a note tape in the center of the circle . somerset 's beeper start beeping . Mills lean to read : mill " dear detective . Long be the way , and hard , that out of hell lead up to the light . " ( look at somerset ) this be not good . somerset milton . mill what ? somerset it 's a quote from a book . milton 's paradise lose . somerset take out he beeper , look at the LED window . he look up at Mills , like they have receive very bad news . int . luxury apartment , hallway -- morning a marble hallway . a detective , 50 , nervously chew he nail , quickly lead Mills and somerset past cop and forensics . detective I say to myself , I be not go to screw around with this . nope. fuck that . it 's still pretty fresh meat . I call the medical examiner ... he 's come . ( stop at door ) when I get to it , I know . as soon as I laid eye on it , I know ... the detective open the door . follow somerset and Mills -- int . luxury apartment / crime scene , live room -- morning Gross , deep yellow light come through the only window with its blind up . the light anoint a nude man display , dead . detective ( o.s. ) ... this be you guy who do this . the nude dead man' leg be fold under he as if he be kneel , and he 's bent forward , chin on the floor . his eye be open , he arm outstretch before he . Mills and somerset walk to either side of the man . the detective close the door , bite he thumbnail . the apartment be on a high floor , so it 's quiet . somerset see the window have be cover with a sheet of yellow gel , staple in place to produce the color light . Mills examine the corpse . there 's a chair one foot behind the nude man . it 's a elegant leather chair , drench in blood . there 's a carve knife on the carpet in the middle of a huge stain of blood under the chair . Mills look at piece of cut rope on the floor behind the chair . the rope be knotted . somerset crouch beside the body . there 's a big piece of flesh miss from the man 's leave side , as if the love-handle have be lopped off . hundred of penny lie scattered under and around the man . the man 's hand be palm up , finger wrap around more penny . Mills walk over to examine a scale on the floor between the corpse and the doorway . it 's a old - fashioned counter - balance scale with two suspend dish on a see-saw arm . in the high dish : the hunk of flesh miss from the man 's side . in the low dish : a one pound counterweight . mill ( to somerset ) a pound of flesh . somerset stand and walk backwards to view the entire scene from near the door . he look worried , vaguely frighten . he turn he head , look to a far wall . beside a big , abstract , constructivist painting , there 's a note pin up inside a triangular smear of blood . int . precinct house , captain office -- early evening a office full of picture , book and mugsheet , yet it be meticulously well keep . the captain , 50 , sit at he tidy desk . he 's dress conservatively . Mills and somerset sit before he . somerset read from a photocopy of the note they just find . somerset ( read ) " one pound of flesh , no more no less . no cartilage , no bone , but only flesh . this task do , and he would go free . " the captain be a calm man , but whenever not speak , without fail , he clenches he jaw repeatedly , cause the muscle in he neck and jaw to pulse . somerset stand , pace . somerset ( cont ) this victim , Mr. gold , be tie down nude , hold a carve knife . and he be give a long time ... to decide . where to make the first cut ? there 's a gun to you head ... but , what part or part of you body be expendable ? Mills sit back in he chair , arm cross , seem anxious , do not know why they be here . somerset ( cont ) Mr. gold try for the whole pound at once , he love handle . but , he go into shock . bled to death . captain what be the point , somerset ? somerset look at both killing together . this murderer be a artist . captain a artist ? somerset he use color and symbol . he position the body after death , so he 's work with composition . it 's be premeditate so meticulously ... and this be just the beginning . captain wrong . for all we know , we might never hear from he again , and I do not want that kind of talk float around . somerset shake he head " no . " somerset the rat and the penny . the circle and the triangle on the wall . there 's something about they ... this murder mean something . captain so ? what ? somerset have no answer . the captain be irk , jaw clenching . captain ( cont ) ( to Mills ) you with he , or you just here to watch ? mill this be he stuff , captain . I have be out in the cold most of the day . captain ( to somerset ) always work overtime up in that big brain of yours , huh ? always cooking . somerset I need you to know ... I want we reassign . we be decline this case . mill ( sit up , angry ) what ?! captain what the hell be you talk about ? somerset this can not be my last duty here . it 's go to go on and on . captain you have leave unfinish business before . somerset everything else be take as close to a conclusion as humanly possible . mill can I just say something ? somerset also ... I do not think this should be Mills ' first case . mill this be not my first case , fuckhead ! captain I do not have anyone else to give this to , somerset . and nobody 's go to swap with you . mill give it to I , then . there 's nothing that say I have to fly with he . the captain consider this . mill ( cont ) if somerset want out , fuck he . somerset it would be too much for he , too soon . mill ( to captain ) could we talk about this in private ? the captain look at somerset , then at Mills . captain that 's not necessary . you be in . mill thank you , sir . captain start pick up the piece . I will shuffle some paper and try to get you a new partner . Mills stand . somerset will not look he in the eye . Mills leave , slam the door . somerset seem deflate . captain ( cont ) you win , somerset . you be out . insert -- title card wednesday ext . CITY STREET -- morning a vendor lay out a pile of tabloid newspaper at he busy newsstand . the headline : second bizarre murder ! , in huge print . the vendor lay out another tabloid pile . headline : " give I my pound of flesh , " say bloodthristy killer , in big , red letter . the vendor place a third pile beside the other : sickening murder - exclusive detail inside !!! int . precinct house , somerset' office -- morning Old office . move box on the floor . the single window face a billboard . somerset work on a manual typewriter . he type hunt - and - peck , slowly . his paperwork be on the desk in two sloppy pile . a jarring SOUND be heard offscreen , like finger on a blackboard . somerset look up , irritate . a workman be work at the open door , hold the source of the sound , a razor blade he 's use to scrape the word detective somerset off the door 's window . workman sorry . somerset turn back to type . the captain step in , look at the workman , then drop more papers on somerset 's desk . as always , the neatly groom captain clenches he jaw . he look around . two of box on the floor have detective mill write across they . the captain pick one up , put it on top of the other . he sit , watch somerset , start straighten the form on the desk . captain what be you go to do with yourself out there , somerset ? somerset I will get a job . maybe on a farm . I will fix up my house . captain can not you feel it yet ? ( pause ) can not you feel that feel ... that you will not be special anymore ? somerset ( lie ) I do not know what you mean . captain you know . somerset recline , look at the captain . somerset do you read in the paper today , about the man who take he dog for a walk ? and how he be mug ? and , he wallet be take , and he watch . then , while he be still lie unconscious , he attacker stab he with a knife in both eye . it happen last night . not far from here . captain I hear . somerset I have no understanding of this place . captain it 's always be like this . somerset saddle up to the typewriter . hunt-and-peck . somerset yes . you be absolutely right . the captain lay the paperwork down in two neat stack . captain you be make for this work , somerset . I can not believe you be go to trade it all in for a tool belt and a fishing rod . but , I guess I be wrong . the captain leave . somerset look up now that the captain 's go . he grab the paper pile and ruffle they back to they dishevel state . he look at the workman . the workman be look at somerset , have a rag in he hand to remove the last remnant of somerset 's name . somerset ( angrily ) put a little elbow grease into it ! the workman be startle , continue he work . int . luxury apartment / crime scene , live room -- day the grandly furnish apartment where the second murder take place have be dust for print and searched . two female forensics be at work . int . luxury apartment / crime scene , master bedroom -- day Mills be seat in front of a long write desk with many drawer . all the drawer be open . Mills look through letter and stationary . nothing of use . he toss the pile back . he sit back , frustrated , yank off one rubber glove , look around the room . book have be take off they shelf , the bed have be stripped . the room have be give the once over . the victim 's family photograph hang in expensive frame on one wall . there be at least thirty photo of various size : ancestor , son and daughter , grandchild and friend . a over - weight forensic , CHRIS , 35 , lean in through the doorway . Mills look up and Chris shake he head glumly . mill he must have leave we another puzzle to solve ... somewhere . CHRIS we will keep look , but we be run out of possibility . Chris leave and Mills stand to stretch . something catch Mills ' eye . he walk over to the door , curious . at the base of the open door , there 's a ball of paper wedge under to act as a doorjamb . Mills put he glove back on , pull the ball out . he uncrumple the paper as the door slowly swing shut . the page have a draw on it , of the sun with wave of heat at its edge . there be a single eye in the center of the sun . a arrow be draw in dry blood on the back of the close door . Mills notice this and push the door close . the blood arrow point to the side and up , seem to be point to the photo gallery wall . Mills go to examine the photo . his eye search each photo ... one by one ... till he see it : mill Christ ... a frame photo of a falsely pretty , middle - age woman smile and wear pearl . under the glass , on the photo itself , circle have be draw in blood around the woman 's eye . ext . CITY street , downtown -- night a assault on the sense . crowd street and sidewalk . on every corner , in every doorway , on every stairwell -- freak , junky , punk , leather boy and motorcycle girl . a few tourist wander in the mix , heedful of the danger around they . building border narrowly . somerset walk against the stream . he carry a file . car horn howl . music blast from the entrance of club . reggae from one club be soon overtaken by rap from a second story window . techno - pop blast from the tattoo parlor . somerset do not like this place , view it with disdain . he walk to avoid two man fight on the ground . the man be pull hair and pound each other idiotically . somerset take a cigarette from a full pack , light it as he cross through the traffic jam in the street . a vagrant step up with he hand out . vagrant spare I a cigarette , money - grip ? spare I a cigarette ? somerset sorry . last one . he walk on . we begin to hear jazz music . int . jazz club -- night a club at capacity . the jazz music continue like a slow , cool breeze from a jazz trio on a platform . the air be thick with smoke . yuppy sit elbow to elbow with the last member of the beat generation . everyone 's drink beer , smoking pot . somerset cross the club , look for someone . he take a tissue from he pocket , rip piece off and jam the piece in he ear . at the back of the club , a major- league bouncer stand in front of a close door . somerset show he badge and the bouncer step aside with reservation . int . narrow stairwell -- night the wall be black . somerset open the door , enter , walk down the long flight of stair . as somerset descend , the jazz music fade and be engulfed by the sound of speed metal . deafening . at the bottom , somerset open another door . he enter -- int . underground art gallery -- night a narrow room . speed metal be even louder . this be a private art party . the people be lizard - like , pale . Men and woman priding themselves on they gauntness . somerset pass canvase on the wall . pointlessly abstract painting . splatter , smear and blob of color . Party - people stand in front of this " work , " engross . somerset slide past , not interested in the art , jam the tissue further in he ear . he spot he objective . william mccracken , 42 , stand inside a circle of admirer . he be dress like a pauper , he baggy clothing stain with many color of paint . he wear dark sunglass , bored by the bleach - blonde girl whisper in he ear . somerset worm he way to stand in front of William . the party - goer turn they attention to this intrusion . William look up , push the girl away . he take off he sunglass . his eye be badly bloodshot and listless . he look somerset over ... and then grin , glad to see he . int . mill apartment , live room -- night Mills stand brood over a photocopy of the picture of the woman with she eye circle in blood . he look overworked , drink coffee . his desk be swamp with file . man' voice ( o.s. ) I have voice the same concern to we law enforcement official , and they assure I he be of the high caliber . Mills look to a t.v. on a table , pick up a remote , increase the volume . on the screen , martin talbot , 47 , source of the voice , stand before reporter . he 's a powerful presence , with a gold tooth in the front of he mouth . a reporter ( v.o. ) ( from t.v. ) as District Attorney , do not you feel some responsibility ? detective David Mills lack the experience ... talbot ( v.o. ) ( from t.v. ) I have always say ... I have always say , do not send a boy to do a man 's job . Mills be hang on every word . talbot ( v.o. , cont ) but , David Mills have a sterling record with the Philadelphia force . I stand behind he one hundred percent . mill ( relieved ) you tell them boss . detective David Mills be a wonderful human be ... talbot ( v.o. ) however ... however ... let I say this ... Mills look back at the television . talbot ( v.o. , cont ) if detective Mills , at any point in this investigation ... if he be not pull he weight , I will be the first in line to pull he plug . Mills point the remote , turn the t.v. off as reporter crowd Talbot . Mills stare at the blank screen , dispirite . across the room , Tracy stand in the doorway . Mills do not see she . he look at the photocopy and sit at he desk . Tracy watch he , great concern in she sad eye . int . william' studio / apartment -- night somerset walk through this vast artist 's studio , a convert warehouse space fill with canvase . it 's clear the work at the underground art gallery be William 's . William climb a ladder to a loft storage space . he move cautiously , like he 's not quite up to the task . william I always figure that 's the only reason you and I use to be friend . because I be a friend of hers . William yank a painting wrap in dusty paper , climb down . william ( cont ) speak of which ... William hand the painting to somerset , walk to a director 's chair face a paint-splash canvas on a easel . he be a use - up man , bound in a apathy - induce haze . he sit , pick up a squeeze bottle of orange paint from a table of supplies . william ( cont ) I paint that about five year ago . I always tell myself I would give it to you next time I see you . somerset start unwrap the painting . William " paint , " use the squeeze bottle and by flick saturate brushes so that the paint fly against the canvas . most time , he 's not even look at the canvas or color he 's use . he look over he shoulder at somerset . william ( cont ) thing be different this day , pal . you would not believe it ... somerset look at the unwrapped painting and be hit by a swell of memory . horribly sad memory . it 's a portrait in oil of a pretty , red-headed woman . William shoot red paint with one hand , concentrate on lighting a filterless cigarette with the other . william ( cont ) people buy my painting now ... they drive down in they bmw and roll royce . it 's the new money generation . I guess they think they be touch the avant-garde ... William look at he creation , then calmly kick the easel over . william ( cont ) there 's another thousand dollar William mccracken expression of anarchy . William get up , walk across the wet canvas , leave footprint . he look down at what he 's do . william ( cont ) make that two thousand . he laugh . somerset hold up the delicately render portrait . somerset how be she ? have you see she recently ? william huh ... oh . no . she move out of the city . last winter . she marry some businessman , or something like that . somerset fight the anguish this cause , put the painting down . somerset good for she . ( pause ) I be leave soon myself . I be finally get out . william yeah ? what happen to the idealistic super - cop I use to know ? somerset he become a realist . William grunt , flick he cigarette away , take out a bag of pill . he palm a few , notice the judgment in somerset 's eye . william oh ... sorry . William turn he back to somerset , pop the pill . out of sight , out of mind . somerset be disappointed , disgust . somerset ( sarcastic ) not that I do not appreciate you recent artistic endeavor ... but , what happen to the painter I use to know ? William smile like a dolt , laugh a little . william I can not remember . int . william' studio / apartment -- later night Color photo of the first and second murder sit on a draw table . the top photo be like establish shot , each take in the entire display the murderer create . William examine with somerset look over he shoulder . william man ... can I buy this from you ? somerset they be not for sale . somerset lay out photo of the note , triangle and circle : somerset ( cont ) what be it ? what 's the murderer try to say ? William narrow he eye . do not know . somerset ( cont ) what picture be he painting ? william ( figure ) wait a minute ... William have a idea . he amble over to a row of cabinet where oversize art book be stack . he hunt through a pile , shove some book aside . william ( cont ) I ... I have see thing like that ... somerset where ? William keep digging , find one book , find another . he open one as he walk back to the draw table . william it 's church stuff . Christianity . William lay a book down , find a page . he open it to somerset . there be a circle to the side of the text . it say gluttony under the circle . somerset crease he brow , turn the page . William open another book . william ( cont ) when it first start ... Christian artwork be all from Bible storey . it be like ... nobody have any imagination . it be all ... standardize . William page through and we catch glimpsis of the bizarre , world of Hieronymus bosch . horrify religious vision . william ( o.s. , cont ) but , later , everyone start painting to tell they own storey ... to teach lesson . guy like bosch , bregel the elder ... Van eyck . William shove the open book to somerset . somerset look : Seven painting in a circular pattern show character give in to sin . wick , grotesque people . somerset turn the book to examine each painting right side up . somerset ( o.s. ) the seven deadly sin . william ( o.s. ) that 's what this murder remind I of . painting like this . ( point ) gluttony ... greed ... somerset ( o.s. ) envy , wrath , pride , lust and sloth . Seven deadly sin . william amen , brother . William go to continue pull other book . william ( cont ) I can find more example . there 's lot of painting like that ... paint over hundred of year . ( move book ) and you be right ... that murderer be a artist . somerset be chill by all this , immerse in the bosch book . somerset and , it 's two down ... five to go . ext . CITY STREET , porno district -- night a bright , tawdry intersection . neon swirl and circuit-bulbs on porno theatre provide the flash . Cars , taxie , and barker urging sexual indulgence from doorway provide the noise . the street and sidewalk be crowded with lonely human , mostly man , look around , size up promise make on porno placard : fun with nude , big boobs , naked desire , etc . the usual contingent of abnormal cretin wander in the crowd , look for someone to hurt . move through the crowd . meet JOHN , a bald , middle - age man , wear thick glass . there be not a single thing strange or unusual about he appearance . follow he as he walk . he 's nervous , look at the porno palace . his sweaty hand clutches a Bible tight against he chest . he do not feel comfortable be here . John walk to a corner , wait for the light so he may cross . a grotesque STREET preacher approach wave he own Bible . people walk away from he , so he confront John . preacher ... be you , Sir ? be Jesus Christ you Lord and master ? do you believe in him ? John try to ignore , traffic block he escape . preacher ( cont ) ( plead ) do not ignore I . listen to what I have to say . Christ can be you savior ! JOHN ( quiet anger ) leave I alone . preacher think about God , sir . I can help you let him into you life . finally the light change . John turn and spit in the preacher 's face . the preacher recoil as John cross quickly . John hurry between car in the crosswalk . the preacher curse from the corner , he voice drown out in traffic . ext . another CITY STREET , porno district -- night people pass on the sidewalk . John be amongst they , but he stop , look up at something offscreen . he 's look at a bright red storefront adorn with red neon : the hot house . massage parlor . the hot House 's barker notice John 's interest . barker interesting be not it , friend ? you like that , you like girl , then come on in . John do not hear the barker . step up to study fade picture of naked woman massage happy man . nudity . barker ( cont ) you will see a lot more inside . you will see a lot more than that . John 's just look , he face bath in bright red light , the neon reflect in he thick glass . int . mill ' apartment build , hallway -- night somerset , hold more than a armful of art book and novel , pound on the apartment door . Tracy open it with the chain on . tracy can I help you ? she take a second to drink somerset in . somerset be surprised , have expect Mills . Tracy be so exquisite that he falter . somerset uh ... I be look for Mills . David , I mean . tracy he 's not here right now . somerset try not to drop any book while he dig up he badge . somerset Mrs. Mills , my name be somerset . if I could leave this book for he . tracy ( undoe chain ) please , come in . int . mill ' apartment , live room / kitchenette -- night Tracy lead somerset into the disarray of the apartment . tracy David go for a walk . to clear he head . oh , you can put that here . somerset thank you . Tracy motion and somerset put the book on Mills ' desk . he start look through one book , check paperclip page . somerset ( cont ) could you tell he ... tell he this be he read assignment . it 's urgent . I have mark the most important page . tracy would you like some coffee , or a drink . David should be back any minute . somerset I do have to get go . somerset see a medal encase in glass on the desk amongst pen and pencil . he pick it up : it 's a medal for valor from the Philadelphia Police Department . tracy at least I get to meet you . David have tell I a lot about you . somerset really ? good thing , I hope . tracy oh , yes . he say you be very smart . somerset really ? tracy I think he 's a bit intimidate by you . somerset think about this , find it hard to believe . he go through he pocket , pull out a notepad and some paper scrap . somerset I be go to leave he a list of specifics . it all relate to the case he 's on . he lay the various scrap and receipt aside on the desk , sit to start write on the notepad . Tracy go to the kitchenette to get a chair . tracy you two be not work together anymore . be not that so ? somerset to be perfectly honest , Mrs. Mills ... tracy Tracy . somerset Tracy . David and I be not exactly what you could call fast friend . tracy that 's too bad . Tracy bring the chair over by the desk and sit . somerset look up from he write . somerset I doubt you husband share that opinion . Tracy nod , lean forward , semi-conspiratorially . tracy you know , somerset , David be very ... determine . I be sure you have see , it 's not likely he will ever be compare to Gandhi . somerset he 's a good cop . he just ... tracy he see policework as a crusade . that 's what he want it to be , and , that might sound naive , but he 's make a conscious choice to be naive . ( pause ) believe I , he heart 's in the right place . somerset pause , enchant by she . somerset I hear you and he be high school sweetheart . tracy yeah . pretty hokey , huh ? but , what girl would not want the captain of the football team as they lifelong mate ? somerset it 's rare this day ... that kind of commitment . tracy I guess so . Tracy 's smile falter a bit . somerset notice this . he break from she spell , turn to continue write . somerset well ... this will only take a minute . tracy take you time . somerset write . Tracy look over the stack of book : titles on the spine : bosch , a history of christian art , bregel the elder , etc . hardcover novel : dante' purgatory and the canterbury tale . Tracy stand to look at the novel on top , then see the pile of paper scrap from somerset 's pocket . she pick up the piece of wallpaper with the pale red rise at its center . tracy ( cont ) what be this ? somerset look up . see she hold the paper rise . he take it , slightly self - conscious , look at it . somerset my future . Tracy tilt she head , look at somerset . tracy you have a strange way about you , somerset ... I mean in a good way ... unusual . somerset do not know what to say . he pocket the paper rise . tracy ( cont ) I apologize . I will get out of you hair . Tracy stand , take the chair back to the kitchenette . tracy ( cont ) it 's just ... it 's nice to hear a man who talk like that . if David see that paper , he would say you be act like a homosexual . that 's how he be . somerset ( mock indignation ) well ! I guess I will not be show this to he then . tracy I suppose not . somerset continue write . Tracy sit at the kitchenette table , watch he . insert -- title card thursday ext . CITY morgue -- morning it 's raining hard . Mills exit the morgue building with a few art book and a paper cup of coffee . he hold one art book over he head as he dash through deep puddle in the street . int . mill ' car -- morning Mills get in , put he coffee on the dash and toss the art book in a box . he close the door . alone with the sound of the rain . he wipe water off he face , look at he tired eye in the rearview mirror . he reach in the box of book , take out copy of the canterbury tale and Dante 's purgatory . he make a face , open Dante 's purgatory : ------------------------------------------------------------- | the earthly paradise | |-------------------------------------------------------- /\ | | / '' | | VII the lustful /____\| | / | | VI the gluttonous /_______| | 7 terrace of / | | V the avaricious / | | and prodigal /__________| | purgation / | | / | | / | | iv the slothful /______________| | / | | / | | / | | III the wrathful /__________________| | / | | ii the envious /____________________| | / | | I the proud /______________________| | / | | / | | / the island | | / | | / of purgatory | | / | |_______________________________/_____________________________ | Mills turn to a bookmark , rest the book on the steering wheel . he read . he bite he lip , lean close to the word . he concentrate , mouth some of the word to himself . he finally close the book , shaking he head , not understanding anything he 's read . he start pound the book against the steering wheel with all he might . mill Fucking Dante . goddamn , poetry write freak , mother - fuck ... a figure outside the window knock on the glass . Mills roll it down . a cop in raincoat hand a wet paper bag through . mill ( cont ) good work , Officer . good work . the cop leave as Mills quickly roll the window up and rip the bag open . Inside : cliff Notes for Dante 's purgatory and the canterbury tale . mill ( cont ) thank God . int . precinct house , somerset' office -- day it still rain outside . somerset enter , stop to notice detective mill paint on the door where he name use to be . he walk , see all he belonging have be move from he desk and pile on a small temporary desk in the corner . somerset sit at the temporary desk , start organize the file and papers . Mills enter carry the box of book . somerset how 's it come ? mill great . Mills put the box on the large desk . they both settle in , attend to they work . two man , about five foot apart , each try not to acknowledge the other 's presence . Mills take out he cliff Notes , look to see somerset be occupy , hide they in a desk drawer . somerset finish one form , flip it and look up . there 's a chalk board nail to the wall . on the chalkboard : 1 gluttony ( x ) 5 wrath 2 greed ( x ) 6 pride 3 sloth 7 lust 4 envy the phone ring . both man look at it . phone ring again . somerset it 's you name on the door . Mills pick up . somerset return to he work . mill ( into phone ) detective Mills here . ( lower voice ) honey , I ask you not to call unless ... ( listen ) what ... why ? okay ... okay . hold on . Mills be confuse . he hold the phone out to somerset . mill ( cont ) it 's my wife . somerset look quizzical . Mills shrug . somerset take it . somerset ( into phone ) hello ? ( listen ) yes , well ... I appreciate the think , but ... I ... ( listen ) well , I guess I would be delighted to . thank you ... goodbye . somerset get up , hang up , puzzle . Mills be wait . mill well ? somerset I be invite to have a late supper with you and you wife . and I accept . mill how 's that ? somerset ( sit back down ) tonight . Mills look at the phone , lose . int . mill apartment , live room / kitchenette -- night a record player on a move box plays quiet music . there 's a basketball game with no volume on the t.v. screen . Tracy , Mills and somerset eat at the kitchen table . Mills have a beeper by he beer and occasionally finger it absently . tracy why be not you marry , somerset ? mill Tracy . what the hell ? somerset adjust he napkin on he lap , think . somerset I be close . it just do not happen . tracy it surprise I you be not marry . it really do . somerset any person who spend a significant amount of time with I find I ... disagreeable . just ask you husband . mill no argument . Mills grin , but he mean it . he sip beer . the conversation lapse into long silence . somerset concentrate on he plate . Tracy look at Mills , who eat while watch the basketball game . tracy ( to somerset ) how long have you live here ? somerset too long . much too long . ( drink ) what do you think of we fair city ? tracy you take the bad with the good , I suppose . it 's ... it 's ... mill it take time to settle in . Tracy look at Mills . somerset can see it be a sore subject . somerset ( to Tracy ) you will get use to it pretty quickly . there be thing in any big city that stand out at first . but ... a low rumbling be heard as plate begin to rattle and clatter . tracy Subway train . it 's right below we / the dish clatter more . coffee cup clink against they saucer . Tracy hold she cup to stop it , try to act like it be nothing , but she be clearly bother . tracy ( cont ) it will go away in a minute . they wait . the t.v. picture go fuzzy . the rumbling grow louder , knock something over in the sink . Mills continue eat . somerset fiddle with he food . the record player skip , then play on . the rumbling finally die down , till everything be normal . mill ( uncomfortable ) this real estate guy ... a real scum , bring we to see this place a few time . and , it be nice enough , and the price be right . I be think it be nothing , but I start to notice , he keep hurry we along . I mean what could it be ? why would he only show it like five minute at a time , before he would hustle we out the door ? Mills laugh , lamely . tracy we find out the first night . somerset try to stay straight , but he can not help laugh . somerset I be sorry ... it 's a nice apartment . he pull himself together , but only for a moment . he can not stop it , laugh harder , cover he mouth . Tracy and Mills laugh . mill ( sigh ) oh , fuck . int . mill ' apartment , live room / kitchenette -- later night the record player spin a different album , different music . Tracy 's clear the last dish into the sink . Mills and somerset have beer . somerset all television do be teach child that it 's really cool to be stupid and eat candy bar all day . tracy I do not think I have ever meet anyone who do not have a television . Tracy take a pot of coffee to the table and pour . mill that 's weird . it 's un - american . somerset shrug . mill ( cont ) what about sport ? somerset what about they ? Tracy bring over a plate of cookie and put it on the table . mill you go to movie at least . somerset I read . remember read ? what 's the last book you read , Mills ? mill t.v. guide . Mills laugh . burp . he turn to Tracy . mill ( cont ) Excuse I . ( to somerset ) I just have to say , I can not respect any man who 's never see Green acre . somerset give a blank stare . Tracy walk away . mill ( cont ) you have never see the odd couple ? the flintstone ? somerset I vaguely recall wilma , and someone name ... dino . across the room , Tracy turn the t.v. and the record player off . she go into the bedroom , shut the door behind she without a word . somerset and Mills turn to the close door . they look at each other , then sit for a time . somerset drink coffee . Mills drum he finger on he beeper . Big silence . int . mill ' apartment build , stairwell -- night Mills walk up the creaky stair . he carry he briefcase , a six - pack and art book . somerset follow , read a case file . mill we think he act like he be deliver a package . the doorman at Mr. gold 's building say he do not even look at anyone who go in anymore . Mills open a door to the roof -- ext . mill ' apartment build , rooftop -- night Mills and somerset walk onto the roof . it be a spectacular view on all side . mile of city light . breathtake . sound of the CITY reach they . somerset no connection between the two victim ? Mills shake he head , unload what he 's hold onto a rusty table . he sit in one of two lawn chair . somerset sit across from he . somerset ( cont ) no witness of any kind ? mill none . which I can not understand . it 's like this guy 's invisible . somerset in this city , mind you own business be a perfect science . somerset take a picture from the file , the draw of the sun with a eye at its center . he open a book , christian symbol , which be full of illustration . he start paging through . somerset ( cont ) at the precinct , Sunday night , they offer a public crime prevention course . and , the very first thing they teach be that you should never scream " help " if you be in trouble . scream " fire . " because people do not want to get catch up in anything . but , a fire ... that 's entertainment . they come run . somerset hold the book up to Mills , point to a picture of the sun and eye , same as the draw Mills find . somerset ( cont ) " the Sun in splendor with the Eye . " it refer to God the father , and to Saint Thomas aquinas . mill which saint be he ? somerset aquinas write a summary of theology , summa theologica . and he write about the seven deadly sin . Mills take the book and look it over . somerset ( cont ) now , what else have you get ? mill look , I appreciate be able to talk this out , but ... it 's my case . somerset so ... satisfy my curiosity . I be still leave town on Sunday . Mills be ponder , very tired . he unlatch he briefcase , take a photocopy of the photo of the falsely pretty woman and hand it to somerset . mill the eye be circle . with Mr. gold 's blood . somerset this be he wife ? mill ( nod ) she be away on business . she get back the day he be kill . if this mean she see anything , I do not know what . we have question she about ten time . somerset and , if it 's a threat ? mill we put she in a safe house . somerset this be the one thing . mill I know . ext . slum tenement -- night two twenty - story tenement building stand practically underneath the span of a bridge . the street be litter with garbage . teenager stand in clique in front of a liquor store . Cars pass slowly , car stereo pumping out hip hop . under the bridge , in shadow , a car be park between two dumpster . the trunk be open . at the back of the car the trunk be full of cardboard box which be in turn full of tall , orange candle . hundred of candle . JOHN lean in under the trunk 's bulb , open a leather pouch and check the content : a plastic bottle of prescription pill . a bottle of aspirin . a hypodermic needle fill with liquid . lastly , many jar of baby food : strained carrot , strained spinach , creamed corn , etc . int . slum tenement build , stairwell -- night John climb the stair hold the leather case and a close shoebox . he wear clip - on sunglass , a hat pull low , a thin overcoat on he plump body . int . slum tenement build , hallway -- night John come from the stairwell door , look , walk up the hall . the wall be graffity . the soile floor be wet in spot . argument and loud child be heard from behind close door . John come to apartment 303 . he 's wind from the climb . he take out key , let himself in . close the door . ext . mill ' apartment build , rooftop -- night somerset stand at the edge , hold the photo of Mrs. gold . he puff on a cigarette , look out at the city light . somerset it 's like he 's preaching . ( pause ) the sin be use in medieval sermon . there be seven cardinal virtue , and then seven deadly sin , as a learn tool . the sin distract man from true worship . true faith . Mills be seat at the table with art book open . a breeze fan the page of the book . the flipping page reveal view of heaven , hell , adoration , crucifixion and sin . mill like in this painting , and in Dante 's purgatory , right ? but , in purgatory , Dante and he buddy climb that big mountain ... somerset Seven terraces of purgation . mill anyway ... pride come first , not gluttony . and in all the painting , the sin be in a different order . I can not find a pattern . somerset because there 's creativity in the mix . consider this book as the murderer 's inspiration . or aspiration . somerset drop he cigarette to the empty street , watch the glow tip fall . he look at the woman 's circle eye . somerset ( cont ) he see himself contribute to the body of Christian work . mill he 's punish this people . somerset for all of we to see and learn from . this murder be like force attrition . mill what ? forced what ? somerset attrition . when you regret you sin , but not because you love God . mill because someone 's hold a gun on you . somerset think . he walk from the edge to Mills . somerset when Mr. gold 's wife find the body , about how long be she in the apartment ? mill she do not find it . the door to the apartment be open and a neighbor ... somerset I think you say she find the body . when she get back from a business trip . mill no . she get back after you and I have already be there . somerset think , come up with something . mill ( cont ) what ? somerset hold up the photo of Mrs. gold . somerset maybe she be suppose to see something ... she just have not have a chance to see it yet . int . safe house -- night the room be like a bland hotel room . Mills stand beside mrs gold . he show she photo from the murder scene . Mrs. gold be cry . somerset stand across the room . mill please , look for anything strange or out of place . anything at all . mrs gold I ... I do not understand . why now ? Mills help she go through the photo . he be shake himself , not want to put she through this . mill I need you help if we be go to get the guy who kill you husband . if there 's anything in this picture ... Mrs. gold sob quietly , wipe she tear . mrs gold I do not see anything . mill be you absolutely sure ? mrs gold I can not do this now ... please . ette to the empty street , watch the glow tip fall . he look at the woman 's circle eye . somerset ( cont ) he see himself contribute to the body of Christian work . mill he 's punish this people . somerset for all of we to see and learn from . this murder be like force attrition . mill what ? forced what ? somerset attrition . when you regret you sin , but not because you love God . mill because someone 's hold a gun on you . somerset think . he walk from the edge to Mills . somerset when Mr. gold 's wife find the body , about how long be she in the apartment ? mill she do not find it . the door to the apartment be open and a neighbor ... somerset I think you say she find the body . when she get back from a business trip . mill no . she get back after you and I have already be there . somerset think , come up with something . mill ( cont ) what ? somerset hold up the photo of Mrs. gold . somerset maybe she be suppose to see something ... she just have not have a chance to see it yet . int . safe house -- night the room be like a bland hotel room . Mills stand beside mrs gold . he show she photo from the murder scene . Mrs. gold be cry . somerset stand across the room . mill please , look for anything strange or out of place . anything at all . mrs gold I ... I do not understand . why now ? Mills help she go through the photo . he be shake himself , not want to put she through this . mill I need you help if we be go to get the guy who kill you husband . if there 's anything in this picture ... Mrs. gold sob quietly , wipe she tear . mrs gold I do not see anything . mill be you absolutely sure ? mrs gold I can not do this now ... please . Mills look at somerset . somerset hold other photo . mill we have to show she that . there might be something she 's miss . somerset look at the photo in he hand , hesitant . this photo show Mr. gold 's corpse , not cover in any way . somerset have she look one last time . mrs gold wait. here ... here 's something ... mill what be it ? Mrs. gold point at the constructivist painting on the wall in one photo . the painting be a abstraction of color square . mrs gold this painting ... in the live room ... mill what ? mrs gold why be it hang upside - down ? Mills jerk he head to look at somerset . Big score . int . luxury apartment / crime scene , live room -- night this be where the greed murder take place . somerset and Mills be take the constructivist painting off the wall . nothing on the wall behind the painting . blank space . mill nothing . somerset this have get to be it . somerset put the painting down , rest it on its bottom edge . the frame be back by a thick sheet of brown paper . he point to where the wire use to be screw into the frame , and to where it have be re-screw . somerset ( cont ) it have to be . he change the wire to rehang it . somerset tear along the edge of the brown paper to get to the space between it and the canvas . he tear out the entire sheet . Mills help pull it away , but there 's nothing there . empty . Mills look at both side of the paper , then toss it away . mill it 's nothing . somerset pay the painting down , face up . he poke he finger on the paint surface . Mills watch as somerset kneel , take out a credit card and press it 's edge against the canvas , try to peel up some of the paint . mill ( cont ) give it up . the killer do not paint the fuck thing . somerset push the painting away , stand , frustrated . mill ( cont ) he fuck we . somerset back away from the wall , stare at the space where the painting hang . there be only a nail . he stare intently , then turn and walk out of the room . Mills hold he hand to he temple , furious . somerset can be heard from the other room , go through drawer , drop thing . glass be heard breaking . Mills grab a lamp and throw it on the floor . mill ( cont ) Son of a bitch ! somerset come back in , hold something . he step over the lamp and go to the blank wall space . mill ( cont ) what ? somerset bear with I . Mills watch . somerset have a woman 's make - up compact in hand . he open it , use the soft brush to begin apply the red rouge powder to the wall around the nail . mill ( incredulous ) oh , yeah , sure . you get to be kid . somerset shut up and wait ! somerset brushes with wider stroke . he blow , lean very close to the wall to study the powder . leans closer still . pause . somerset ( cont ) call the print lab . now . int . mill ' apartment , bedroom -- night Tracy be asleep with light on . she stir , open she eye . int . mill ' apartment -- night Tracy open the door , enter . it 's quiet . she see Mills and somerset be go . she 's all alone . unhappy . ext . mill ' apartment , FIRE escape -- night through the window , we can see into the bedroom . Tracy come back from the live room . she go to she side of the bed , kneel . she reach between the mattress and bedspring , take out a paperback book she have hide there . she come to the window , open it and climb out onto the fire escape . she sit , dangle she foot through the metal bar . she open the book and try to read by the street light , rest she head against the railing . a woman be heard scream distantly . Tracy look down the empty street , unsettle . the woman be not hear again . Tracy lay back , look at the sky , hold herself . we can now see the title of the book : preparing for parenthood . there be a picture of a baby on the cover . Tracy cry , quietly . int . luxury apartment / crime scene , live room -- night a male forensic use a magnify glass to study a very clear fingerprint in black powder on the wall . forensic oh , boy ... mill ( o.s. ) talk to I . the forensic bite he lip , still study . Mills and somerset watch the forensic who work offscreen . mill ( cont ) ( to somerset ) listen , honestly ... have you ever see anything like this ? be involved in anything remotely like this ? somerset no . I have not . forensic ( o.s. ) well , I can tell you this , detective ... the forensic step down from a stool . behind he , where the painting once be , there be fingerprint , clear and distinct . the print have be leave side by side , to form letter which form the word : help I . forensic ( cont ) ... just by study the underloop ... this be not the victim 's print . int . precinct house , print lab -- night Dark . a technician sit before a old computer . the computer 's green screen show fingerprint be align , compare and then reject ; whir - click - whir - click - whir - click . Mills and somerset watch , bath in the green glow . somerset it do not work for I . I can not believe he want we to help he stop . mill who the hell know ? there 's plenty of schizoid out there do dirty deed they do not want to do . with tiny voice whisper nasty thing in they ear . somerset do not buy it . the technician adjust a knob . technician I have see this baby take three day to finish a cycle , so you guy can go cross you finger somewhere else . int . precinct house , hallway -- night somerset and Mills come from the print lab . a janitor be mop the hall . the computer be heard whirring and clicking onwards . somerset sit with a groan on a couch outside the door . Mills flop beside he . somerset you really mean what you say to Mrs. gold . you really believe we will get he , do not you ? mill and you do not ? somerset I wish I still think like you . I be so far go from that . mill so , tell I what you think we be do . somerset all we do be pick up the piece . we take all the evidence ... all the picture , statement . write everything down and note what time thing happen . we take it all , make a nice , neat pile and file it away . just in case it 's ever need in a courtroom . mill you be unbelievable . in my entire life , you be the oldest man I have ever meet . somerset I have see even the most promise clue lead to dead end . hundred of time . mill I have see the same . I be not the country hick - boy you seem to think I be . somerset take out a cigarette and light it . somerset in this city , if all the skeleton come out of all the closet ... if every un - revenge corpse be to suddenly rise and walk again , there would be no more room for the live . Mills slump back , cross he arm , close he eye to sleep . mill do not try to tell I you do not get that rush tonight ... that adrenalin . like we be get somewhere . ( pause ) and , do not try to tell I it be because you think we find something that would play well in a courtroom . somerset look at Mills , puff the cigarette . the computer be hear : whir - click - whir - click ... insert -- title card friday int . precinct house , hallway -- early morning we detective be fast asleep on the couch , lean against each other . people pass and look at they strangely . captain wake up , glimmer twin . we have a winner . int . precinct house , ready room -- early morning a windowless classroom . the captain stand in front with a white screen at he side . the face of a black man , 25 , zero , be project on the screen from a slide projector . captain his street name be Zero , as some of you know . his print be find at the scene by detective Mills and somerset . five harden police officer , four man , one woman , sit in chair face the captain . they all wear bullet - proof vest with " police " stencil- paint across they . somerset and Mills sit in back , drink coffee , still try to wake up . captain ( cont ) now , Zero have a long , long history of mental illness . serious illness . he be all over you television set two year ago after he rape and kill a seventy - three year old woman . he get off , as the say go , on a technicality . so we watch he on the street , and he go out of circulation about a year ago . female cop if he disappear , what do you want from we ? captain his last place of residence be still in he name . a search warrant be be push through the court as we speak . a red-headed cop , california , 28 , raise he meaty hand . california so , have the housing cop walk up and ring the doorbell . Problem solve . the cop laugh . the captain clenches he jaw . captain listen , California . when you go in , if Zero be not home , some of he buddy might be house-sitting . and besides use , Zero deal , so , you will be very uninvite guest . there be chatter among the cop . somerset lean to Mills while the captain continue the briefing . somerset do not seem like we killer , do it ? mill you tell I . I be new in town . somerset Zero do possess the requisite degree of insanity ... but , he do not have the desire somehow . we killer seem to have more purpose . more purpose than Zero could ever conceive of . mill we will tag along . somerset want no part of that . somerset why would we ? mill satisfy we curiosity ? int . mill ' car -- morning Mills drive , follow a police van . somerset ride shotgun . Mills be pump , ready . somerset take one rolaid tablet off a fresh roll and chew it . mill you ever take one ? somerset pull out he gun , check the load . somerset no. never in twenty - four year . I take my gun out only five time with the actual intention of use it . I never fire it . not once . mill I pull it once , fire it once . I never take a bullet . somerset and ? Mills turn a corner , tire screeching . mill it be my first one of this . we be a secondary unit , in vice . I be pretty shaky go in . when we bust the door , look for a junkie , the fuck guy open fire . one cop be hit in the arm . he go fly ... like in slow motion . ( pause ) I remember riding in the ambulance . his arm be like ... a piece of meat . I think , it 's just he arm . but , he ble to death right there anyway . a pause . somerset open the window , feel the air on he face . somerset how do the fire- fight end ? mill well , I be do really good in Philly up till then . lot of simple bust . I have always have this weird luck ... but , this be wild . ( pause ) I get that fuck with one shot ... right between the eye . and the next week , the mayor 's pin a medal on I . picture in the paper , the whole nine yard . somerset how be it ? mill I expect it to be bad , because I hear about other guy . you know ... I take a human life . but , I sleep like a baby that night . somerset eat another antacid . somerset I think hemingway write somewhere ... I can not remember where , but he write that , in order to live in a city , you have to have the ability to kill . I think he mean you truly must be able to do it , not just fake it , to survive . mill sound like he know what he be talk about . int . slum tenement build , stairwell -- morning crack vial and hypodermic needle crunch under heavy boot . the five cop from the briefing , fully gear up , rifle and handgun hold , move quickly up the stair , single - file . somerset and Mills follow , gun out . somerset be sweat bullet . Mills be juice . int . slum tenement build , hallway -- morning the cop enter the dank hallway , the same hall we see John in before . they move cautiously , step over a drunken , helpless man . a door open and a woman peek out . the female cop point she gun and the woman obey , slamm the door . California lead , step up to apartment 303 . he have a search warrant scotch - tape to the front of he bullet - proof vest . california ( to black cop ) this be it . give it up . a black cop hoist a batter ram . the other cop get on both side of the door . Mills move front . somerset hang back . california ( cont ) Police !! open the door ! the black cop bring the ram forward with a splintering thud . the door fly open . the cop storm in . int . slum apartment , MAIN room -- morning the cop charge down a short hall into this incredibly dusty room . a bed sit against a far wall . Mills and California move up to the bed . someone lie under a indigo blanket . Three other cop move , training they weapon on the bed . california good morning , sweetheart ! a blond cop go into another room . Mills kick the bed . mill get up now , motherfucker ! now ! int . slum apartment , adjoining room -- morning the blond cop enter , gun train , look around in confusion . the room 's table , chair and floor be cover with hundred of colorful , plastic air freshener . int . slum apartment , MAIN room -- morning somerset move in , look around . he notice the area around the bed , the ceiling , wall and floor , have be paint indigo , while the rest of the room be its original white . on a wall , a white sheet be pin up with a square draw on it in excrement . mill I say get up , sleepyhead ! Mills pull the indigo blanket off the bed , reveal the shrivel , sore - cover form of a black man who be blindfolded and tie to the bed with a thin wire wrap time and time again around the bed . tube lead from the stain loincloth around the man 's waist and snake under the bed . the victim be partially cover by what seem to be pile of black spaghetti . california oh , fuck I ! somerset push past the cop who recoil from the stench . mill Holy shit . somerset sloth ... it 's sloth . the black cop touch the black spaghetti . hold a piece . black cop what the hell ... that be dead worm . california ( to somerset ) check this out , dick . California point with he gun to the end of the black man 's right arm . the hand be go , severe at the wrist long ago . mill it 's he . it 's Zero . somerset someone call a ambulance . california someone call a hearse , more like . the female cop have go to the wall where the sheet be pin up . she pull the sheet aside and find : fifty - two polaroid picture ; all picture of Zero tie to the bed , with a date write at the bottom of each . it be a visual history of Zero 's physical decay . the blond cop enter from the other room . blond cop what the fuck be go on ? mill hey , California . get you people out . somerset take out rubber glove and put they on . california you hear he . hit the hall , and do not touch anything . the other cop file out as Mills go to examine the polaroid under the sheet . somerset replace the sheet over Zero 's body . California stay by he side . california ( cont ) it look like he 's some kind of friggin ' wax sculpture . somerset place he finger along Zero 's throat . mill somerset , you ... you better look here . Mills study the polaroid . somerset walk to join he . mill ( cont ) all picture of Zero tie to the bed . ( crouch ) the last one 's date three day ago . somerset look at the first photo . in it , Zero be bound and gag , but he be fit , healthy . somerset ( awed ) the first photo ... it 's date one year ago . almost to the day . California lift Zero 's blanket to peek under , examine with morbid curiosity . california mo-ther ... Mills kneel and lift the bottom of the sheet off the floor , find a open shoebox . on the box : to the detective . mill what 's this ? California lean close to Zero 's gaunt , blindfolded face . california you get what you deserve , Zero . somerset lean down beside Mills . Mills look through the shoebox . Inside be plastic , zip - lock bag . one bag contain small clump of hair , one contain a yellow liquid ... mill a urine sample ... hair sample ... fingernail clipping . he 's laugh at we . California be still close to Zero 's face when suddenly Zero 's lip twist . Zero let out a loud , guttural bark . California jerk back in fear , shouting , fall over a chair . Mills and somerset reel , stand . they see California on the ground , scared out of he mind , point . california he 's alive ! Mills and somerset look towards the bed . Zero 's lip move feebly as he let out a sick , gurgle moan . california he 's still alive ! ext . slum tenement build -- morning a crowd have gather . Mills ' car , the police van and two ambulance be park on the sidewalk . int . slum apartment , hallway -- morning the siege cop be in the hall , hold neighbor at bay . int . slum apartment , MAIN room -- morning Three ambulance attendant be at the bed , work on Zero . one attendant use wire - cutter to clip Zero 's bond . int . slum tenement build , stairwell -- morning Mills and somerset stand in the middle of one flight of stair . they be both highly agitate . somerset the way this have go , I do not think it be possible , but we may have underestimate this guy . the type of intestinal fortitude it must take ... to keep a man bound for a full year . to sever he hand and use it to plant fingerprint . mill I want he bad . I do not just want to catch he anymore . I want to hurt he . somerset listen ... we have to divorce ourselves from we emotion here . we have to keep focus on the small detail . mill I do not know about you , somerset , but I feed off my emotion . somerset he will string we along all the way if we be not careful . Mills be look at the floor , burn with anger . somerset grab he by the jacket . somerset ( cont ) be you listen to I ?! Mills push somerset 's hand off . mill I hear you . there be a sudden brilliant flash of light and the SOUND of a camera advancing . Mills and somerset look -- down the stair , John be pose as a reporter . he have he camera and flash up , point at the detective . JOHN say cheese . he take another picture , flashbulb flash . Mills charge downward , grab John by he wrinkle clothing . mill what the fuck be you do ? John squirm , hold up a laminate PRESS identification pass . JOHN I have a right , Officer . I ... Mills shove he and John stumble a few step , then fall to the landing below with a thud . his glass fly off . mill that do not mean anything . this be a close crime scene now ! somerset step down and pull Mills back . John stand . JOHN you can not do this ! you can not ... mill get the fuck out of here ! John get he glass , scramble downstairs , out of sight . JOHN ( o.s. ) the public have a right to know ! somerset yank Mills harder , till Mills sit on the stair . mill how do that cockroach get here so quick ? somerset they pay cop for the inside scoop , and they pay well . you can hate they , but you better give they something , or they will make it all up . mill ( calming ) I be sorry ... I just ... somerset oh , it 's alright . it 's always impressive to see a man feed off he emotion . int . hospital room -- day Mills stand with the blase dr . beardsley , who review a medical chart on a clipboard . Zero lie inside a oxygen tent with tube run into he . the room be dark . beardsley a year of immobility seem about right , judge by the deterioration of the muscle and spinal cord . blood test show a whole smorgasbord of drug in he system . heroin ... crack ... even a antibiotic which be administer to keep the bed sore from infect . Mills look into the oxygen . mill he have not say anything , or try to express himself in any way ? beardsley even if he brain be not mush , which it be ... he chew he own tongue off a long time ago . Mills wince , move away from the bed . mill there 's no way he will survive ? beardsley detective , he would die right now of shock if you be to shine a flashlight in he eye . ext . CITY STREET , catholic church -- afternoon a tall church on a bustling street . smoggy air have eat at the stonework . the homeless be campe out on the stair . int . catholic church , priest quarter -- afternoon the priest 's accommodation be quite spacious and comfortable . the parish 's wealth be evident . father bleeker , 38 , stand look at several 8 " by 10 " glossy . he 's dress in he " civilian " clothing , wear he hair short and proper . this photo be make he heartsick . bleeker hand they to somerset who be seat by a fireplace . bleeker put they away . I wish you have not bring they into the church . somerset I need for you to see they . Father bleeker shake he head , as if he be try to forget the image . somerset replace the murder photo in a file . bleeker there be five principal phase in the development of early Christian art . from hellenistic through the Renaissance ... each period be affect by the decree of religious leader . somerset if this killer belong to a certain branch of the church ... if he collect religious art from a certain period , I want to know . I have to narrow it down . bleeker walk to a ornate , gold cabinet . he put on a pair of cotton glove . bleeker the influence on this ... thing he 's do , could not have come before the gothic period . what 's in that picture be present far too asymmetrically . bleeker cross himself before use a key to open the cabinet . he take out a ancient devotional book and a piece of cloth . bleeker ( cont ) the color will tell the tale . bleeker take the book to a table . somerset follow . bleeker lay the cloth under the book , open the book , tenderly . bleeker ( cont ) each sin have a symbolic color . but the specific color designation change throughout the age . somerset lean to examine bleeker 's illuminate manuscript : two page of prayer . the prose be elaborately form , surround by colorful illustration of the seven deadly sin . bleeker 's finger point to a rendering of a man seat on a rock , guzzle from a jug . it 's be paint in orange . bleeker ( o.s. , cont ) this be a example . gluttony be the sin , and the color be orange . this particular manuscript be preserve from the 18th century . somerset ( o.s. ) in the murder , gluttony be green . greed be yellow . sloth be indigo . bleeker step away and somerset get closer to the page . bleeker so , if this murderer be as precise as you say , then you need to find out at what period in history be gluttony green ... and so on . somerset where do I look ? if the color change so often ? bleeker ( contemplate ) there be one man ... Father stone. ( pause ) I have not hear from he for quite some time . this be he passion . he spend he life study the sin ... and preaching against they . int . precinct house , somerset' office -- afternoon the chalkboard on the wall : 1 gluttony ( x ) 5 wrath 2 greed ( x ) 6 pride 3 sloth ( x ) 7 lust 4 envy Mills be behind he paperwork cover desk , listen to a uniform officer who look over a report sheet . officer Zero 's landlord say a envelope of cash be in the office mailbox each month . he say , quote , " I never hear a single complaint from this guy and nobody ever complain about he . he 's the best tenant I ever have . " mill there 's a landlord 's dream tenant . a paralyze man with no tongue . officer who pay he rent on time . mill bring I everything as soon as it 's transcribe . the officer leave . Mills start sorting through pile on he desk . he do not know where to begin . he sit back in he chair , look at the collage - like collection of picture pin on the wall : photo and diagram of the murder scene , the draw of the sun and eye , color page and black and white copy of page from art book . he stare , think . he stand , take a photocopy off the wall . the killer 's first note : dear detective , Long be the way , and hard , that out of hell lead up to the light . mill ( to himself ) milton . int . central library -- afternoon Big brass lamp hang from the high ceiling . mahogany chair and table run down the center floor which be border by three level of balcony . people wander like ant in a ant farm . Mills walk , take it all in . he go to the circulation desk . impatient patron wait in a long line . he watch the bored head librarian , female , 64 , help a old man at the desk . she open the old man 's book , run a laser pen over a bar code sticker , push a few button on a computer . int . central library , top balcony -- later afternoon near the balcony railing , overlook the main floor , Mills sit before a computer card catalog . he read the computer screen , unsure . he set down he pad and pencil , crack he knuckle , begin type on the keyboard . the computer give off a quiet beep . please , Mills read the screen . type . on the screen : title / paradise lost_ he hit return . read the screen as information on the book appear . he copy it on he pad , put the pencil in he mouth . he type . on the screen : subject / jack the ripper_ Hit return . again , he copy info from the screen . int . inner CITY cloister -- afternoon a monk open a formidable gateway door , let Father bleeker and somerset into a garden courtyard . bleeker now wear he priestly garb and collar . the monastery 's main building loom at the end of a pathway . the building be stately , ivy -cover . bleeker Father Stone have a church and congregation of he own . but , he ... there be some problem . the church be desert now . somerset problem ? bleeker continue walk . somerset ( cont ) Father ? int . inner CITY cloister , hallway -- afternoon the wall of the hallway be carve with image of saint . bleeker whisper to somerset beside a windowless door . bleeker there be a small orphanage attach to the church , overseen by Father Stone . this be almost thirty year ago . ( hesitant ) he be a excellent priest , devote in every way . many in he parish demand he return . somerset tell I what happen . bleeker see a nun down the hall , come towards they . bleeker allegation be make ... Stone be accuse of abuse the child in he care . but , that charge be never substantiate . somerset what abuse ? bleeker it be claim ... that the child be beat . and , punish severely . the nun be too close for bleeker to speak freely . int . inner CITY cloister , stone's room -- afternoon the door be unlock and open by the nun . somerset enter and bleeker wait outside as the nun close the door . it 's dark . father stone , 73 , be in a wheelchair . feeble and frail , eye sink in they socket . he look up at somerset . somerset Father Stone . I be a policeman . I would like to ask you a few question , if it 's alright ? the white of Stone 's eye have yellow . he seem to nod . somerset sit on a stool , close . somerset ( cont ) I want to ask you about the seven deadly sin . stone the sin . somerset yes , father . Stone reach out a hand to touch somerset 's face . Stone 's extremely long fingernails trail against somerset 's cheek and somerset try to hide he revulsion . stone be you one of mine ? somerset I do not ... stone be you save ? do you have God ? somerset I ... I need to ask about the sin . do you understand what I be say ? Stone take he hand away , seem to be get angry . stone be you a sinner ? Stone 's weak arm wheel he away , towards a corner . stone ( cont ) there be sinner here . even here . and , pain wait for they . Hell be hungry for they . Stone bite he lip , moan , disorient . stone ( cont ) they do not realize ... they do not know . ( pause ) fuck they all ! somerset be shocked by the strength and volume of Stone 's jag voice . the nun go to place a comforting hand on Stone 's shoulder . Stone be beginning to cry . nun ( to somerset ) they should not have let you disturb he . this should not have be allow . stone where be the child ? ( much louder ) where be the child ?! int . central library , outside librarian office -- afternoon from a mahogany hallway line with book -cart , we look through a big window into the head librarian 's office . the elderly head librarian be at a computer , chain -smoke , work the keyboard . Mills alternate talk on the telephone and read thing off he pad to the librarian . we can not hear they , but it 's clear Mills be excited as he walk back and forth , hover over the librarian , look at she computer screen , make suggestion , then walk to monitor a dot-matrix printer which spew a waterfall of computer paper onto the floor . back and forth go Mills , carry the phone . he close the pad , put it in he pocket . the librarian finish type , sit back , do . Mills hang up the phone , go to put it on the librarian 's desk , but the cord drag , knock a pile of book off a table . the librarian be irritate , go to pick up the book . Mills be apologize . he go to watch the printer . he tear the last sheet 's perforate edge , gather the huge pile of print paper off the floor . Prize in hand , Mills be so grateful he bend to give the old woman a kiss on the cheek , but she push he away , now even more annoyed . Mills go to leave , knock over another pile of book . before he can assist , the angry librarian point to the door . Mills obey like a scold child , exit . the librarian shake she head in disgust . ext . abandoned church / orphanage -- afternoon a once exemplary church , now board up , neglect . gothic in style , it stand with desert brownstone and empty lot of rubble as neighbor . smokestack spew smoke distantly . Cars and truck drive by on a nearby elevate highway , but down here on the street it 's a ghost town . there 's a building attach to the rear of the church . somerset 's car be park beside it . int . abandoned orphanage , classroom -- afternoon the window be cover over . somerset and Father bleeker move through . somerset have a flashlight with a wide beam . the room be empty except for break , cob-web cover school desk and a few file cabinet . there be crack blackboard on the wall . rat skitter away from the light . somerset open a file cabinet drawer . it 's empty . he walk to a door , start pull at the rotting board which seal it shut . bleeker what be you look for ? somerset I be just look . int . abandoned church -- afternoon somerset push the door . he and bleeker enter from the classroom into the far back corner of the church . Big church . shaft of color light needle through the hole in the piece of wood and cloth that cover the break stain glass window . somerset walk down the center aisle between deteriorate pews . rat run . pigeon flap about , dirt drift off they wing . somerset shine he flashlight forward to the rather barren altar . to the right , at the top of the altar stair , there be a stone statue of a saint with he arm outstretch , welcoming . the life -size saint be cover in spider - web . tiny spider crawl across he eye , which look down on somerset . bleeker Saint Jerome emiliani . the patron saint of orphan . somerset shine the flashlight against the back altar wall , revealing a wooden carve of Christ crucify . somerset be this still the Lord 's house ? bleeker of course it be . somerset and , even if Father Stone be guilty of everything ... if he be hurt child here ? it 's still the Lord 's house ? Father bleeker find this talk insulting and offensive . bleeker you have no faith , somerset ? have you give up on the church entirely ? somerset no. ( pause ) that 's not what I have give up on . somerset notice two end of a thick rope suspend from the ceiling above the center of the altar . he look up , follow the rope with the flashlight , when he notice something else . his mouth drop . bleeker look , and be equally horrify . above they , in the beam of light : seven large painting on panel tilt forward at the curve of the ceiling above the altar . Seven ancient painting ; seven deadly sin . the beam of light move to the panel to the immediate right : a painting of a man kneel , grasp at gold coin all around he . the man be naked , as be the victim of the greed murder . the chief color in this panel be a vulgar yellow . the third in the series be sloth . the painting , in indigo , show a man at rest in a pliant bed . the skeletal man' eye be roll up in they socket . he be cover in slimy worm . ext . abandoned church -- late afternoon the street be full of patrol car . cop and forensics enter and exit the church from various doorway . saw -horse be load off a flat - bed truck as a police barricade be erect . int . abandoned church -- late afternoon much activity , as forensics with flashlight go about they business , check every nook and cranny of the church , look for any sign that someone 's be here recently . small temporary floodlight be hoist on tripod . two photographer stand at the top of tall ladder . flash - photo after flash - photo be take of the seven panele tableau . near the open church door , Mills speak with great animation , hold he ream of computer paper . somerset look at the altar and the tableau , preoccupy . mill we guy 's a bookworm , right ? and , I know it 's a long shot , but you have to give a picture id and current phone bill to get a library card . hey ... Mills snap he finger in somerset 's face , get he attention . mill ( cont ) I make two separate list of book . one relate to the sin ... Dante 's purgatory , canterbury tale ... the dictionary of Catholicism ... all the religious stuff . the second list be book about torture method , mass murderer ... sadomasochism . whatever we killer might study to do the thing he 's do . whatever he other interest be . somerset take the computer list . somerset so , what be this ? mill alright . everything at the library go into a computer . so , you can get in the system and cross-reference ... Mills fumble in he pocket , take out he pad and read . mill ( cont ) let 's say you take , Dante 's purgatory , call number eight - five-one -d , and ... the biography of the Marquis de sade , ninety - two s-a-d-e . put that book in the system , and the computer can give you the name of anyone who 's ever take out both that book . and , it do not just give you they name and address , it give you a complete history of they library read habit . Mills slap the list in somerset 's hand . mill ( cont ) ( psyched up ) if somebody 's out there read paradise lose and study the life and Times of Charlie Manson , I want to talk to they . somerset look up from the list , warming to it . he start look around , search for someone . ext . abandoned church -- late afternoon somerset and Mills exit down the stair . somerset 's still search , hold the list . he spy a uniform cop , dario . somerset dario ! come here . dario run up . somerset put he hand on he shoulder and make he walk with he . Mills continue on to he car . somerset ( cont ) accord to the Father , this orphanage be not around for more than five or six year in the late fifty . so , I want someone to go to the Department of child Welfare or City Hall and dig up all the record on this place . understand ? dario I get it . somerset get a list of every child who attend this orphanage before it shut down . get it on my desk within the hour . somerset release dario , who run to obey . somerset go to he own car . Mills be drive to leave , stop , revs the engine . somerset hand the computer list through the window . somerset ( cont ) you think of this all by yourself ? this be you brainstorm ? mill yeah . be that so hard for you to believe ? somerset it 's a pleasant surprise . mill I be not as stupid as I look . Mills peel away . somerset head to he own car . somerset ( to himself ) I guess not . int . somerset' office -- early evening Seven large photo hang with the other material on the wall : the seven tableau painting . gluttony , greed and sloth , follow by vanity . vanity show a woman stand in front of a mirror , stare at she image . the floor around she be scattered with flower . the primary color be violet , and as in all the painting , there be a quality of ugliness in the character . mill ( o.s. ) ramirez . manuel ramirez . somerset ( o.s. ) no ... I do not see any ramirez . the lust painting be next . it show a man stand over a woman . the woman be nude , under a sheet , and the man 's feature be bizarre , lecherous . he want that woman . there be apple on the floor and on the bed . the color be red . mill ( o.s. ) elinski . Dennis elinski . somerset ( o.s. ) no . envy be particularly gruesome . the Devil be see hover in the air , wear a crown , he body orange and slick , wrap in a cloak of flame . his arm hold high , he right hand grip a sword , a bolt of lightning , arrow , wheat , thistles , etc . his leave hand , hold a plain globe around which a serpent have wrap itself . he look down at several pitiful mortal in a pit of fire . the mortal reach for he , yearn for he , the skin on they body be stretch taut over they bone . mill ( o.s. ) atwater ? Paul atwater . somerset ( o.s. ) no . wrath show a man surround by vaporous , satanic demon . he stand in a puddle of blood , look at he hand stain with and drip blood . other than the rich red , the color be blue . Mills be at he desk , a good portion of the print - out list drape to the floor . he rub he eye , sighing , get back to it . somerset , at the temporary desk , study he orphan list . mill okay , here we go . listen to the book this guy 's be take out ... ( read list ) Basic homicide investigation . Forensic toxicology ... the encyclopedia of modern serial killer ... ( look up , excited ) of human bondage . somerset that 's not what you think it be . Mills be disappointed , run he finger further down the page . mill Holy shit . somerset ... ( read list ) the writing of Saint Thomas aquinas . Mills point to the draw of " the Sun in splendor with the eye " which hang on the wall . mill ( cont ) aquinas . right ? somerset that 's right . let I have it . Mills look at the page ... search ... mill fuck ... he use a false name . somerset how do you know ? mill his library card list he as Jonathan doe . John doe . Mills sit back , angry . something strike somerset as odd . familiar . he start leaf quickly through the orphanage list . mill ( cont ) what ? somerset find what he 's look for . somerset Christ ... it 's like a sick joke . mill what be you talk about ? somerset there be one boy here . he be abandon ... no one know who he parent be , so he be name at the orphanage ... ( look at Mills ) John doe . it 's he legal name . int . JOHN doe's apartment build , hallway -- early evening somerset and Mills climb stair , turn a corner into this hall . mill it 's impossible odd that this be he . somerset we be focus . mill I know , I know . on one little thing . I be not complain . I will follow anything we get and I will take it any way we can get it . somerset we will look at he . ask a few question . try to get a feel whether we should keep tabs on he . they reach a door , apartment 3a . somerset knock . Mills take out he gun and look at somerset to ask " what do you think ? " somerset nod that he should have the gun ready . Mills step to the side of the door , knock hard . wait . mill ( quietly ) I will do the talk , right ? let I practice here ... um , excuse I Mr. doe , but , be you by any chance a serial killer ? oh ... oh , you be ? well , come with we then , if you do not mind . Mills smile at he own wit . a stair be heard creaking offscreen . Mills turn to look towards the stair . a male figure stand at the top of the stair , wear a hat , stand in shadow . the man look at they , let out a scream of horror and reach into he coat . mill ( cont ) somerset ! gunfire sound and a bullet slam into door 3a behind Mills . he and somerset recoil in shock , go to the floor as another bullet explode , blast plaster off the wall . the man be heard running back down the stair . mill ( cont ) it 's he ! Jesus Christ , we can get this fucker ! Mills jump up . he move towards the railing . somerset sit up and take out he own gun . the stairwell be silent . Mills peer over the railing into the stairwell 's center , gun point . a heavy metallic click be heard . echoes . Mills leap backwards as bullet begin raining up from below , accompany by the SOUND of a uzi sub - machine gun firing . somerset lay flat as he and Mills crawl away from the railing , which be be shred along with the floor around it . bullet soar unceasingly . Mills and somerset hold they hand over they ear . piece of wood and plaster fly everywhere . the uzi stop and the man can be heard running again . Mills get up , cover in debris . he run down into the smoky stairwell . somerset roll over , get up more slowly . ext . JOHN doe's apartment build , rear -- early evening Mills rush out into this weedy , overgrown courtyard . he see a thin vagrant sleep on the building 's junk - pile , then look all direction . his eye be wild . his gun hand be shaking . the courtyard be surround by alleyway . the shooter could have go anywhere and be nowhere in sight . somerset come out , face wet with sweat . Mills holster he gun . mill be you alright ? be you okay ? somerset yeah . I think so . they look at each other for a long time . both realize they come very close to die . ext . JOHN doe's apartment build , front -- night Police car on scene . curious civilian have gather . int . JOHN doe's apartment build , stairwell -- night up the stairwell , several forensics be collect shell casing , put they in bag . the casing be scattered all the way up the stair . one forensic walk up beside a cop . one forensic I hear he 's run around with a uzi in one hand and a book of poetry in the other . cop a real , modern - day renaissance man , huh ? at the top of the stair , two forensics , sarah and billy , wait behind Mills and somerset . surgical glove on all hand . Mills kick at the door to apartment 3a with all he might . again . int . JOHN doe's apartment , roomone -- night boom -- door fly open . Mills enter with somerset . darkness . mill ( to forensics ) give we first crack at it . Sarah and billy wait in the hall . somerset hit a switch on the wall and a lamp illuminate on a desk . the desk be in the center of the room , face they . the wall , floor to ceiling , be cover with visual stimulus ; picture , painting , newspaper article , sketches , writings on napkin and notebook sheet , etc . mostly religious image . the far wall be make of shelf full of book . Mills go to the desk while somerset go to the book . book : a overview of theology , handbook of firearm , a History of the World , summa theologica , U.S. criminal Law Review , etc . Mills look at the desktop . the surface be mark by dry oil color . there be tube of paint lay out , box of water color and pastel . Mills look at one corner of the desk . a orange candle have be allow to burn down . the wax trail go all the way down the edge of the desk to a puddle on the floor . somerset walk , study one wall of pin-up . there be article about the seven deadly sin , page from art book , pencil drawing of Satan and Christ , and drawing of the seven panele tableau painting which inspire the murder . somerset lift several sheet to note the paper scrap be space so tightly and completely that they cover the window . at the desk , Mills open the top middle drawer . it 's empty except for the Holy Bible . he open another drawer , which be fill with at least forty empty aspirin bottle . somerset look at a door which be paper over by all the newspaper article and photograph about the seven deadly sin murder . he open the door -- int . JOHN doe's apartment , room two -- night somerset enter . the ceiling light be on . there be bookshelve on each wall , fill with thousand of notebook . somerset take one notebook down . it be a thick composition book with a marble black and white cover . Inside , the page be cover in small handwritten sentence and drawing . somerset take down another notebook and open it . same as the first ; scribble sentence and sketches . he walk to another wall , pull another notebook . same deal . somerset Jesus Christ . int . JOHN doe's apartment , room one -- night Mills open a final drawer to find a rosary and a revolver . he look around , nervous and excited , be in the murderer 's lair . he go to a close door across the room , notice John doe 's bed in the corner . see doe have a cross nail to the ceiling directly above the bed 's pillow . int . JOHN doe's apartment , bathroom -- night Mills enter the bathroom . it have be convert into a darkroom , light by red bulb , with strip of film hang from the ceiling . water be heard dripping . Mills open the shower curtain . print hang drying , clipped to wire over the tub . int . JOHN doe's apartment , the paintroom -- night somerset enter from the room of notebook . this be John doe 's art studio . windowless , with several easel hold painting in various state of completion . the wall be cover with photo and finish canvase , except for one wall which be blank white . somerset turn the light off . there be a 16 mm film projector on a table , face the blank wall . somerset turn the projector on . it clatter to life , run a piece of film . the film be splice into a non-stop loop . somerset watch the wall , light strobing across he . the projector show a image of cloud drift , with strange , superimpose angel in flow robe float jerkily . it 's like a old , Hollywood version of heaven . the image switch abruptly to fire and torment soul labor around a pit of molten goo . like Heaven , it 's a scratch piece of film from Hollywood 's early day . somerset turn to examine one of the painting on a easel . the painting have be skillfully render , in small , control brush stroke . it show a modern city street , stylize , dark . the city be people by mutate human and freakish beast . Sinners in the street , kill , raping , pillaging . building be burn , blood be be spill . it 's dense with detail . somerset walk to another painting which be cover by a drop cloth . he remove the cloth , uncover a huge canvas . we do not see the painting , but when somerset do he feature turn grim . mill ( o.s. ) somerset ! Mills enter , torment , weary . he stand in the projector 's bright beam , hold a 8 " by 10 " print . mill ( o.s. ) somerset , we have he . goddamn it . he hand a press pass and the photo to somerset . mill ( cont ) the pass be a fake ... we have he . somerset look at the photo , a picture of Mills and somerset on the stairwell of the slum apartment building ; the picture John take when he pose as a reporter . mill ( cont ) we be that close to he . somerset I know . somerset motion to the huge canvas . Mills look : the painting be frightening collage , thick with paint . the photo of Mills and somerset have be incorporate in bit and piece . duplicate image : enlarge eye , hand , face . the face have be rip , scratch , mutilate . grainy eye with hole jabbe in they be mount in paint beside chop break arm . Mills ' head be on somerset 's body , and vice versa . it 's like a sick , fragment vision of a slaughter house floor . ext . CITY street -- night a block of burnt - out row home and warehouse . stray , wild dog roam in a pack . a car turn down this street . it 's John doe 's car , move fast . its headlight go out and it cruise , avoid garbage can in the street . follow the dark car . ahead , a few block away , we can see the only light in this neighborhood , the flash red , white and blue of police activity . int . JOHN doe's car -- night John doe bring the car to a stop . he watch the police at work around the abandon church . he give no discernable reaction , put the car in reverse . he look behind as he drive back the way he come . int . JOHN doe's apartment , kitchen -- night the refrigerator door be open . a male forensic use tong to remove Zero 's severe hand from behind soda can and mayonnaise . int . JOHN doe's apartment , room one -- night the forensic walk through with the hand in a clear plastic bag , past a female sketch artist who put the finish touch on a fairly accurate draw of the bald John doe . sketch artist this be the guy ? Mills stand over the artist . Sarah , billy and two deputy detective be at work in the room , photograph , search . mill make sure it get around . sketch artist you get it . tomorrow morning , this city 's good citizen will be on the lookout for elmer fudd . sarah ( to Mills ) we can not find anything to hang onto . no pay-stub , no appointment book or calendar . not even a book of phone number . and , you be not go to believe this ... mill keep look . SARA it 's just ... we have not find any fingerprint yet . not one . mill you know , you be right . I do not believe it . keep look . int . JOHN doe's apartment , room two -- night somerset read one of doe 's notebook . Three cop be look through other notebook from the shelf . Mills enter . somerset we need to put more man on this . mill I be work on it , alright . what have we get . somerset bristle slightly at Mills ' abrupt demeanor . somerset we have get about five thousand notebook in this room . and , as near as I can tell , each notebook contain two hundred and fifty page . mill then , he must write about the murder . somerset look at the notebook , read . somerset " what sick , silly puppet we be , and what a gross stage we dance on . what fun we have , dance around , not a care in the world . not know that we be nothing . we be not what God intend . " ( turn page ) " on the subway today , a man come up to start a conversation . he be make small talk , this lonely man , talk about the weather and other thing . I try to be accommodate , but my head begin to hurt from he banality . I almost do not notice it have happen , but I throw up all over he . and I could not stop myself from laugh . " ( close book ) no date indicate . they be place on the shelf in no discernible order . he describe a scab on he arm for five page , then write about existential philosophy on the next . Mills walk . he look into the adjoin paint room . somerset ( cont ) it 's just he mind pour out on paper . Mills lean in the doorway , look at doe 's strange artwork . mill you be right . he be preaching . the phone ring in the other room . int . JOHN doe's apartment , MAIN room -- night all attention be focus on the phone on doe 's desk . a tape recorder be rig to the receiver . Mills and somerset enter . Mills walk over , push a button on the recorder , pick up . mill ( into phone ) hello ... hello ? JOHN doe ( v.o. ) ( from recorder ) I admire you , David . imagine my surprise on find you at my doorstep . I admire you more and more every day . mill ( into phone ) okay , john. let 's ... JOHN doe ( v.o. ) ( from recorder ) no , no , no ! you listen and do not talk . I suppose you find the painting and the photo . this be just as well . now we all know we have all see each other . ( pause ) I mean what I say . I do admire you . Long pause . Mills wait . JOHN doe ( v.o. , cont ) oh , there be one other thing . fourteen hundred thirty . West eighty -sixth street . apartment six -o-four . John doe hang up . int . apartment 604 , bathroom -- night somerset look around this femininely decorate bathroom . in the sink , object cover in blood : a pair of scissors , a hypodermic needle , first - aid tape and gauze bandage , a bottle of anesthetic for use with the needle , a straight razor . somerset move from the sink , look in the bathtub . the tub and shower wall be splatter with blood . the tub have a few inch of water in it . the water be cloudy red and bit of gauze float in it . somerset jiggle the drain 's knob . some bubbles pop up from the clogge drain . int . apartment 604 -- night Mills be in a dark mood . he and Dr. o'neill stand by a woman who hang by a noose from the ceiling . the woman 's head have be bandage sloppily with white gauze and tape . her eye have be leave uncover . the gauze be stain red in small spot . the woman hang low , so she foot be inch from the floor where pile of dry flower and a cordless telephone lay . there 's a chair knock over behind she . o'neill 's go through he black bag . a violet , velvet curtain have be drape on the wall in the corner , behind a full length mirror . the mirror reflect the corpse . a seven-pointed star be smear in lipstick on the mirror 's surface , with the word I did not kill her , she be give a choice below . somerset enter from the bathroom , look at the murder display . mill pride . just like in the painting . somerset nod . he walk to a dresser . the woman 's purse sit open and somerset extract she driver 's license . he look at the photo . the woman in the picture be beautiful . somerset you can see what he do . o' neill step up to the woman . he brandish dull scissors . the captain enter with two uniform cop . he look around , grim , clenching he jaw . mill cut she up ... dress the wound . he put the noose around she neck and stand she on the chair . somerset she have the telephone . mill call for help , and you will live . but , you will be mutilate . somerset or , kick out the chair , and spare yourself a lifetime of hideousness . o'neill 's cut the bandage on the woman 's face . he pull they away in front . Mills look , disgust by the sight . somerset sit in a chair , run he finger through he hair . o'neill he cut off she nose to spite she face . and he do it very recently . captain alright , boy , you be run on empty . go home . just make sure you sleep with the phone between you knee . int . bookstore -- night the bookstore be a labyrinth . tables and shelf , mountain and valley of book . book , new and use , hard and soft , in disorganize group . classical music plays . a few customer search for title . somerset walk , downcast , wind out of one aisle into another . he have he jacket over he shoulder , run he finger along the book as he go . he pull one book , the merchant of Venice , look at it , replace it . he look down the aisle and be surprised to see Tracy . Tracy stand solemn , scan book spine . somerset approach . somerset Tracy ? Tracy brighten a bit upon recognize he . tracy somerset . how be you ? somerset I be alright . I be glad to see you find this place . I almost should have expect to run into you here , know that you teach English . Tracy look up and around . tracy it 's so huge . it 's amazing . somerset this be why I move into this neighborhood . tracy do not you love the smell of all the old book . it smell like ... like ... I guess just old book , but , I love it . somerset notice Tracy notice he gun . tracy ( cont ) forgive I . no matter how often I see gun , I can not get use to they . somerset same here . Tracy laugh . she look at she watch . tracy if David 's go to be back home soon , I should get back . she start down the aisle and somerset walk with she . tracy ( cont ) I hope you will come to dinner another night . before you leave . somerset you can stay and browse a little longer , can not you ? I mean ... Tracy consider this as they enter a open area . somerset ( cont ) I ... I hardly know anyone I can talk about book with anymore . I would appreciate the company . Tracy stop . somerset look hopeful . Tracy be very tempt . int . bookstore -- later night shelves and empty aisle of book . classical music still plays . somerset ( o.s. ) the irony be , that after a day of the type of work he do , he would come home and read I this morbid crime storey . Le fanu 's Green tea. murder in the rue morgue . move to the aisle mark mystery , where somerset and Tracy be lean against shelf . they both hold book they have select . somerset ( cont ) my mother would give he hell ... because I be young , and he be keep I up till all hour , give I nightmare . tracy sound like a father who want he son to follow in he footstep . somerset one birthday , he give I a hardcover book call the century of the detective , by jurgen thorwald . it trace the history of detection as a science and it seal my fate . because it be real , and that a drop of blood or a piece of hair could solve a crime ... be incredible to I . a clerk look down the aisle , then walk on . clerk ( o.s. ) we be close up , somerset . somerset okay , thanks . tracy David 's go to wonder where I be . somerset I will give you a ride . tracy no. please , do not bother . somerset I have to insist . if you husband find out I let you ride the subway at this hour he would tear my head off . they make they way out of the aisle . somerset chuckle . somerset ( cont ) I mean , literally . ext . CITY STREET -- night somerset 's car stop at the corner of Mills ' street . int . somerset' car -- night somerset put the car in park . Tracy sit for a long time , then turn to face somerset . tracy you have live here for so long , somerset . you know this city . I ... Tracy can not quite figure how to put it . somerset it 's a hard place , Tracy . tracy when David and I live in Philadelphia , we could afford to live on the outskirt . but now ... ( pause ) I hate it here . I feel scared , and I feel sick and ... I hate it . Tracy want to laugh , like it 's silly , but can not pull it off . somerset you have to put blinder on sometimes . most time . but , keep in mind , Tracy , like tonight , there be small pocket of sanity . some bar and bookstore . museum . several last vestige of civilization . ext . CITY STREET -- night in somerset 's car , Tracy and somerset continue talk . on the other side of the street , closer to the middle of the block , John doe 's car be parallel park at the curb . int . JOHN doe's car -- night behind the wheel , John doe be slump low , calmly watch somerset and Tracy . he can see they clearly from here . int . somerset' car -- night Tracy look out through the windshield , fight tear . tracy I have visit so many of the school , look for work , you know . and , the condition be ... horrible . I can not believe how bad it be . ( pause ) Children should not have to grow up here . somerset you can always look into the private school . you will find something . somerset give she a handkerchief . she wipe she tear . somerset ( cont ) you be too hard on yourself , Tracy . she will not look at he , keep herself under control . somerset ( cont ) it 's okay to hate this city . it 's natural . but , there be a bright side in all this . there be . you want to hear it ? Tracy be able to muster a small smile . tracy oh , God , yes . please . somerset I can not think of another place that need education more than this city . and you be a teacher . you can make a difference in a few people 's life . it 's a very good thing . Tracy lean to give he a kiss on the cheek . tracy goodnight , somerset . they remain close , look into each other 's eye . somerset goodnight . somerset reach to touch Tracy 's face . they kiss . they kiss a long time . Tracy wrap she arm around somerset 's neck . somerset run he finger through Tracy 's hair . they share they sorrow . Tracy 's tear run down she face . finally , they part , open they eye . they know this be wrong . somerset 's hand be shaking . he grip the wheel , feel helpless . somerset ( cont ) I be sorry , Tracy . I be sorry . Tracy 's face be flushed . she be confuse . tracy I ... I better go . Tracy get out , neglect to close the door , not look back . somerset try to come to he sense . he do not understand either , and he heart be aching . he adjust the rearview mirror to watch Tracy go . insert -- through rearview mirror -- somerset' p.o.v. Tracy walk down the block , straighten she hair . she run . int . somerset' car -- night somerset look away from the mirror . he hold he head in he hand for a moment . ext . CITY STREET -- night somerset lean to pull the door shut , put the car in gear . he drive , turn the corner . int . JOHN doe's car -- night John doe watch somerset 's car leave . doe turn he attention to Tracy , who hurry along the other side of the street . Tracy look back , enter she apartment building , dig out she key . she get through the door and climb stair , disappear . ext . CITY STREET -- night doe get out of he car . he look both way down the street , walk towards Mills ' and Tracy 's building . int . mill ' apartment , bedroom -- later night Mills and Tracy be asleep in they bed . Mills ' eye shift under they lid . rapid eye movement . a SOUND be heard from the other room . Mills awaken . he lay still a moment , then get up , slowly , reach to take he gun off the bedside table . he grab he pants from a chair , slide into they . int . mill ' apartment , live room / kitchenette -- night Mills open the bedroom door and enter quietly , gun hold up . he move , crouching . in the dark , object in the room and shadow from window form complex , confusing pattern . Mills walk between move box , attempt to remain silent . he aim the gun from point to point as he advance . he get to a closet . stay on one side , he open the door and point he gun . he carefully separate the clothing hang there . nothing . no one . he turn to look over the room . it 's the first time we see it in Mills ' eye -- real fear . the door to the apartment be wide open . int . mill ' apartment build , hallway -- night Mills move from he apartment , gun out , into the dark hallway . the coast be clear . he stay low , move down the hall . he stop , look up . ext . mill ' apartment build , rooftop -- night Mills shove the rooftop door open . it creak as it swing . Mills move out , backwards , look to top the raise rooftop entrance , cover it with he gun . he move around , see nothing , walk to the edge of the roof and look over . int . mill ' apartment , bedroom -- night Mills return to the bedroom , still hold he gun up . he look at Tracy asleep in the bed . the room begin to rattle a little as a subway train be again pass underground . he walk to the window and check the lock . he halt . he open the window and reach out . the rattling be a bit louder . from the fire escape , he pick up a bundle of thorny thistles wrap with a rubber band . Mills realize , doe be here . int . safe house -- night the room be plain , like the room Mrs. gold be keep in . the door open and Tracy and Mills enter . they look sleepy , carry suitcase . a uniform cop close the door for they . Mills go to lay a suitcase on a table while Tracy look around , depressed , distant . the lighting be bad . there be no decoration , no window . a wide crack run down one wall . Tracy sit down on the bed . Mills notice she discontent . mill it will not be for long , honey . I swear . this be just till this be over . tracy I know . Mills go to sit beside she . he put he hand on she shoulder . mill I be sorry . Tracy nod . she stand , go to start turn down the cover . tracy I know . it can not be help . Mills feel useless , powerless . he go to the suitcase and start unpack the content . Tracy continue turn down the sheet . insert -- title card saturday int . precinct house , somerset' office -- early morning the chalkboard : 1 gluttony ( x ) 5 lust 2 greed ( x ) 6 envy 3 sloth ( x ) 7 wrath 4 pride ( x ) somerset be seat , hold the photo of the lust painting from the tableau . Mills be behind he own desk . they both look like they have not get much sleep . mill there 's two people in that painting . so , maybe he 's plan to kill two people this time . maybe . Mills look at somerset , who do not seem to be listen . mill ( cont ) what 's wrong this morning ? somerset nothing . sorry . somerset look up , sip from a cup of coffee , look at the photo . Mills swing he chair , look out the window at the morning light on the billboard . mill lust be next . lust be sex . somerset apple on the floor . original sin . mill Adam and Eve . somerset put the photo down , lean back , take out a cigarette . mill ( cont ) sex , sex , sex . Fucking sex . somerset lust be everywhere . that 's the hard part . I think lust be the most prevalent sin , even more than greed . somerset look at the burn tip of he cigarette . he get up to stretch he leg . Mills pick up the lust photo , put he foot up on the desk . mill lust be red . Long pause . somerset Bright red . mill blood red . somerset Red sky at night , sailor 's delight . mill Red blooded . Red head . Dead . somerset Red light district . pause . realization . somerset and Mills look at each other . mill that would make sense . somerset it would be fitting . mill you be damn right it would . Mills pick up the phone . ext . CITY street , porno district -- afternoon porno theater and adult bookstore rule this busy sidewalk . marquee offer sexy STUFF , pussy fest and movie like midnight plowboy and national lam - porn' christmas insertion . cop be walk through the pedestrian flow , hand out photocopy . there be many patrol car on the street . definitely a larger than usual police presence . cop be question the proprietor of porn at the entrance of they shop and theater . cop be taping photocopy onto lamp post . this photocopy be warning , with the draw of John doe 's face above a line of information and the word have you see this man ? int . wild bill leather shoppe -- afternoon somerset 's hold up the composite sketch of John doe . wild bill ( o.s. ) yeah , he be here . this morning . Mills and somerset be across the sale counter from wild bill , 37 . Wild Bill be shirtless , cover in tattoo . a thick scar run down he forehead to he bent nose . leather belt , whip and jacket hang from the wall . mill it be definitely he ? you be positive ? wild bill yeah . John doe . easy name to remember . somerset what be this job you do for he ? Wild Bill pull a box from behind the counter , dig in it . wild bill I get a picture of it . that 's what he come for this morning . I figure he must be one of that art guy ... like that guy who piss in a cup and drink it on stage . performance art . Wild Bill give a polaroid to Mills . we do not see the image . mill oh , fuck ... wild bill I think I undercharged he . I be up all night work to finish it . somerset ( look at photo ) you build this for he ? you build this ? wild bill I have build weirder shit than that . a beel chime as a policeman enter the store . policeman somerset ... we have a situation . Mills and somerset follow the policeman out . wild bill hey , my picture ! they be go . Wild Bill scratch he scar . wild bill ( cont ) Fucking pig . ext . the hot house massage parlor -- afternoon it 's a madhouse outside the hot House . Police action in progress . cop have form a barrier , hold off a crowd and create a aisle to the back of a jail -van . cop and detective escort various man , woman and transvestite into the large vehicle . the crowd , consist of the dregs of society , be angry . some spit and throw trash at the cop . int . the hot house , reception area -- afternoon a angry cop pound he nightstick on a glass cage . Inside the cage sit a oily fat man in front of a wall of sex toy . fat man just wait ! cop get out of the fuck booth ! fat man just wait ! I will come out , just wait ! int . the hot house , corridor -- afternoon all the light and wall be red . Mills and somerset follow a cop through the twist corridor . rock music throbs . they reach a door . cop I do not want to go in there again . int . the hot house , red room -- afternoon Mills and somerset enter . rock music continue , loud . a strobe light flash from the ceiling onto two ambulance attendant . the first attendant place a sheet over a bed , hide the corpse of a woman with long blonde hair . the second attendant try to examine the pupil of a craze man , 55 , who sit naked on the floor , wrap in a sheet . a cop hold the craze man down . craze man he ... he ... he make I do it ! second attendant I have to look at you . I have to look at you . a X be scratch into the red paint on the wall . Mills and somerset move towards the cover body . there be apple on the bed and floor . the rock music from outside suddenly stop . first attendant you be not go to want to see this more than once . craze man he have a gun ! he ... he make I do it ! the sheet be lift for the detective . they grimace at what they see . we do not see . somerset close he eye and walk to face a wall , shake . the first attendant replace the sheet . Mills step back , take out he handkerchief and suck on it . craze man ( o.s. , cont ) he make I do it ! int . sanatorium , white room -- afternoon a polaroid be on a white table . it be the photo Wild Bill give to Mills and somerset . it be a picture of a belt , make with extra leather strap so it can be wear securely around the groin . it be a strap - on phallus , but there be no plastic protuberance . instead , there be a metal knife . it be a strap - on butcher 's knife . somerset be seat beside the white table in this white room . Mills stand behind he . the craze man from the lust murder be in a chair across the room . the craze man be cry . craze man and ... and ... and he say ... he ask if I be marry . and , I could see he have a gun in he hand . somerset where be the girl ? craze man what ? what ? somerset where be the prostitute ? craze man she be ... she be on the bed . she be just sit on the bed . somerset who tie she down ? you or he ? craze man he have a gun . he have a gun , and he make it happen . he make I do it ! he make I put it on ... that thing . oh , God ... he make I wear it . he have the gun in my mouth . the man slide off the chair and hide he face in he hand . craze man ( cont ) the gun be in my throat . Mills look at the mirror in the room . somerset stand , pick up the Polaroid as two man in white uniform enter to collect the craze man from off the floor . int . precinct house , somerset' office -- early evening somerset and Mills be shell - shocked , seat at they desk . somerset be look out the window . Mills stare at the wall . somerset look to he temporary desk . he pick up a small pile of mail , sort through it . a 8 " by 10 " manila envelope interest he . it read detective somerset on the outside , handwritten in red marker . he open it . he take out a grainy photograph of he and Tracy kissing in he car . it 's obviously be take with a special night - lens . somerset go pale , suppress a gasp . he hold the photo to hide it from Mills , look to see Mills have not notice . he feel panicky , crumple the photo and envelope in he hand . int . precinct house , men' room -- night somerset enter , latch the door . he take the crush photo and envelope from he pocket . he quickly check under the stall to see he be alone . he open a window , go to the sink . he take out he cigarette lighter , light the envelope and photo , watch they catch . once they be burn steady he throw they in the sink . he back away , lean against the wall , watch , feel sick . int . sport bar -- night somerset and Mills sit with a full pitcher of beer between they . the jukebox play quietly for other customer . the wall of the bar be line with trophy , ribbon and other victory symbol . somerset there 's not go to be a happy end . it 's not possible . mill if we get he , I will be happy enough . somerset no . face it now . stop think it 's good guy against the bad guy in this city . Mills drink deep , pour more . mill how can you say that ? especially after today ? somerset you tell I ... when you walk into a apartment , and a man have beat he wife to death , or , a wife murder she husband in cold blood ... and you have to wash the blood off they child . you put the killer in jail . who win ? mill if I think like you , I would have slit my wrist a long time ago . somerset where 's the victory ? mill you do you job . follow the law and do the best you can . it 's all there . somerset if we catch John doe tomorrow , and it turn out he be the devil ... if it turn out he be literally Satan , then , that might live up to we expectation . no human be could do this horrible thing , right ?! but , this be not the devil . it 's only a man . mill why do not you shut the fuck up for a while ?! huh ? you make this speech ... like you know everything there be to know . somerset sit back , look at Mills . mill ( cont ) you think you be prepare I for the hard time ahead ? you think you be toughen I up ? well , you be not ! ( pause ) you be quit , fine ... but I be stay to fight . somerset who be you fight for ? people do not want a champion . they just want to keep play the lottery and eat hamburger . mill what the fuck be wrong with you , huh ? what burnt you out ? somerset there 's no one thing , if that 's what you mean . I just ... I can not live anymore where stupidity be embrace and nurture as if it be a virtue . mill you be so much better than everyone , right ? no one 's worthy of you . somerset wrong ! I sympathize completely . because if you can not win ... then , if you do not ignore everything and everyone around you , you go insane . it 's easier to smoke crack , and not worry that you wife and kid be starve to death . and , it 's so much easier to bear a child till that child finally shut up , because it take so much work to love . and , if you bother to think about the abuse , and the damage , you would be sad . mill you be talk about people who be mentally ill . you be ... somerset ( cut in , furious ) no , I be not ! I be talk about common , everyday life here . where ignorance be not bliss , it 's a matter of survival . mill listen to yourself . you say , " the problem with people be they do not care , so I do not care about people . " but , if you be not part of the solution ... somerset ( cut he off ) people who be in argument over they head always use meaningless slogan . but , life do not conform to analogy . mill you be already here , and you have be here a long time . so , there 's a part of you that know , even if everything you say be true , none of it matter . somerset that part of I be dead . Mills stand . mill fuck you . you want I to agree with you . " yeah , you be right , somerset , this place be fuck . let 's go live in a fuck log cabin ! " well , I do not agree with you . you be quit , and it make I sick . Cause , you be the best I have ever see . Mills dig out some money and throw it on the table . mill ( cont ) thanks for the beer . Mills leave . other patron watch he go . somerset take out a cigarette . he go to light it . the lighter will not light , and when it do , somerset 's hand be shaking . int . safe house -- night Mills come quietly into the bedroom . Tracy be asleep in the bed . Mills take off he jacket , put it down . he sit on a chair and unty one shoe , take it off . he look at Tracy , look at she a long time . he put the shoe on the floor and go to get on the bed . he kiss Tracy 's forehead , look at she sleep innocently . he be touch , sadden . he kiss she cheek , then wrap he arm under and around she . he hold tight , kiss she again . Tracy stir . tracy David ? Mills he face against she , hold tighter still . mill I love you . Tracy hold he face in she hand , see that he be cry . tracy David ? mill I love you . Mills cling to she . she wrap she arm around he as he cry quietly against she , and she kiss he , try to comfort he . he sob . ext . CITY street , industrial area -- night John doe walk in this section of huge industrial complex . factory and foundry be line side by side , seemingly for mile . we can hear tugboat horn sounding low and deep . we be near the water . doe seem to know where he 's go . he pass stack of industrial piping and steel drum pile to the sky . he walk through a industrial junk - yard fill with trash bulldozer , truck and discard factory equipment . it 's like a stroll through a bone - yard of dead dinosaur . at the end of this field of metal , there be a tall , narrow alleyway form by two warehouse . doe enter , look up at the single light bulb on the wall above . he look at the ground , pick up a rock and a beat hubcap , walk under the bulb . he throw the hubcap with all he might . it soar , but miss the bulb , fall to the ground behind . doe take aim with the rock . he throw , grunt . the rock smashes the bulb , bring darkness to the alley . doe walk back to the mouth of the alley . he stop and turn to start from there . he walk , deliberately , look down at he foot . follow as he walk . he stop , look back to the way he come , then look down at the ground in front of he again . he take off he thick glass . he hold the glass in he hand . int . somerset' apartment , bedroom -- night somerset be in bed . the metronome be sounding : tick , tick , tick ... the sound of the CITY be loud . somerset close he eye , concentrate on the metronome . tick , tick , tick ... a man and a woman be heard scream at each other incoherently from outside . somerset roll over , restless . tick , tick , tick ... a third voice be heard from outside . this man be scream at the other two people to shut up . somerset open he eye , sit up . he reach over , grab the metronome and throw it against the wall . insert -- title card sunday int . somerset' apartment , bedroom -- early morning somerset sit away from the bed . he 's smoking a cigarette . the phone ring . somerset get up , not in the best of mood . somerset ( into phone ) hello . tracy ( v.o. ) ( from phone , upset ) hello , somerset . it 's Tracy . somerset be everything alright ? tracy ( v.o. ) yes. everything 's fine . could ... could you meet I somewhere . to talk . somerset ( pause ) I do not think that 's a good idea . tracy ( v.o. ) I need to talk to someone , somerset . you be the only friend I have here . I do not know anyone else . int . coffee cafe -- morning somerset and Tracy be seat in a booth by the window . the city 's morning rush pass by outside . the cafe be noisy . Tracy be very upset . somerset be very uneasy . somerset David do not know about this ? you have not tell he ? Tracy shake she head . somerset sigh . Long silence . somerset ( cont ) I have to tell you , Tracy , I be not the one to talk to about this . tracy I just can not think straight . I do not know why I call you , except I can not stand to hold it as a secret anymore . I have to get it out ... and I can not tell David yet . not yet . somerset take out he cigarettes , but think better of it and put they away . he watch Tracy stir she coffee . somerset I ... I have a relationship once , very much like a marriage . and , there be a baby . a long time ago . thing be good . and I get up one morning , and I go on a case ... a murder , like any other . except it be my first since hearing about the baby . and , I feel this fear and anxiety come over I . I look around and I think , how can I raise a child here ? so , that night , I tell she I do not want we to have child , and , over the next few week ... I convinced she ... tear come to somerset 's eye . somerset ( cont ) I mean , I wear she down ... slowly . tracy I want to have child . but ... somerset I can tell you , I know ... I be positive I make the right decision . I be positive it be the right thing to do . but , there 's never a day that go by that I do not wish I have decide differently . Tracy reach to hold somerset 's hand , but he withdraw it , wipe he tear away . somerset ( cont ) if you ... if you decide not to have the baby ... if that 's what you decide , then never tell Mills you be pregnant . I mean that . never tell . ( pause ) you marriage would just wither , and die altogether . Tracy look around the cafe , tear in she eye . somerset ( cont ) but , if you decide to have the baby , then , at that very instant , when you be absolutely sure ... tell he . tell he that exact second . and , spoil that kid every chance you get . tracy somerset ... somerset stand . he force a smile . somerset that 's all the wisdom I can share with you , Tracy . I barely know you . tracy will I see you again , before you leave ? somerset probably not . but , it 's probably better that way . somerset step away , leave . Tracy watch he go . ext . CITY STREET -- day Mills and somerset walk towards the precinct house . they wade through car to cross the street . somerset I have decide ... I want to stay on , till this be over . till either it 's do , or we can see it will never end . Mills remain impassive . mill oh , you want to stay now ? somerset one of two thing be go to happen . we be either go to get John doe ... or , he will finish he series of seven , and he will never be find . mill you think if you stay you be do I some big favor ? somerset I be request you keep I on as you partner a few more day . you would be do I the favor . mill you know I would say yes . somerset no . I be not sure at all . they enter the precinct house . down the sidewalk , from a distance , come John doe . his brown workboot and clothing be splatter with blood . he walk towards the precinct house , hand in he pocket , like he 's merely out for a walk on a Sunday afternoon . people on the sidewalk stop upon see he , avoid he . int . precinct house , receiving lobby / book -- day Mills and somerset walk past book cubicle and bench of handcuff low-life . the place be swim with activity . the two detective head to a duty desk at the end of the room . somerset as soon as this be over , I will be go . mill what a great big surprise that be . they pass through a gate and somerset go to the staircase lead to the second floor . Mills stop at the duty desk . other cop be fight for the duty sergeant be attention . mill ( cont ) Mills and somerset be on the premise . sergeant Wonder-fucking -ful . Mills stop , look . somerset stop , look back down the stair . John doe stand inside the precinct house door . he hold out he arm as if to say " presto , here I be . " near silence come to the room as all eye go to the figure of John doe . Mills be rivete , find this impossible to comprehend . one uniformed cop take out he gun , point it at John doe . uniformed cop it 's he ! several other cop drop what they be do and draw weapon . Mills , still off - balance , walk back through the gate , take he gun out and point it at doe . mill get down on the floor . somerset come back down the stair . somerset be careful ! cop move slowly in on doe from all side . another cop you hear he ! get on the floor ! John doe get on he knee , hand up . Mills move close , but not too . one cop come from behind , nudge doe with he foot . one cop spread you leg and get you hand out in front of you . mill get down ! face down ! John doe get on he stomach , obey . Mills come right up to doe , step on he neck , put he gun against doe 's head . mill ( cont ) do not move . do not move a fuck inch . cop frisk and handcuff doe. somerset come beside Mills . somerset I do not believe it . JOHN doe hello , Lieutenant somerset . cop what the hell be this ? the cop put the handcuffs on doe hold up doe 's hand . doe wince . every single one of doe 's finger have a bandage wrap around it . John doe look up , he face press against the floor , glass askew , Mills ' gun at he temple . JOHN doe I want to speak with my lawyer . int . precinct house , observation room -- day Mills , somerset and the captain stand in darkness . on the other side of a two - way mirror , John doe be seat in a restrain chair in a interrogation room . his hand and leg be bound with leather strap to the chair 's arm and leg . a strap hold tight around doe 's throat . this be not some superman / serial killer . he look more like a eccentric college professor . his lawyer MARK swarr , 43 , sit at a table , take note . Mills hold a fingerprint card . the black ink print be just useless blob with trace of blood in they . captain he cut off the skin of he fingertip . that 's why we can not find a single usable print in he apartment . for a long time , he 's be cut before the papillary line can grow back . mill what about the trace on he bank account ? the gun ? captain the orphanage be all we have . his bank account be only five year old and it start as cash . there 's no credit history , no employment history . we even try to trace he furniture . all we know for sure be he 's wealthy , well educate and totally insane . we may never know how he get that way . somerset stand look in at doe . somerset because he be John doe , by choice . mill when do we get to question he ? captain you do not . this go to court now . mill this do not make sense , captain . he would not just turn himself in ! captain well , there he sit . it 's not suppose to make sense . mill he 's not finish ! captain you be wound way too tight on this , Mills . mill somerset ... help I out here . somerset look at they . say nothing . captain it 's over . the captain leave . Mills be furious . mill damn it , somerset . you know johnny 's fuck with we . he 's pissing in we face again ! somerset slow up . you and I be , probably for the first time ever , in total agreement . he would not just stop . mill well ... what the fuck , man ? somerset John doe 's only two murder away from finish he masterpiece , right ? but , can you even conceive of what might happen next ? I mean , can you tell I how he 's go to go about it ? mill ( pause ) no. somerset I can tell you this ; I recognize he lawyer . his name be Mark swarr . he 's the one who keep Zero out of prison . ( pause ) we will wait for John doe 's plea . int . precinct house , somerset' office -- day Mills be at the desk with he foot up , stare at the chalkboard : 1 gluttony ( x ) 5 lust ( x ) 2 greed ( x ) 6 wrath 3 sloth ( x ) 7 envy 4 pride ( x ) clock on the wall say 4:45 . somerset pack book into box , prepare for he eventual departure . the captain open the door and step into the office . he clear he throat , look like there be something very wrong . int . precinct house , captain office -- day Mills and somerset stand together . the captain be behind he desk with the d.a. , Martin Talbot , seat in front of he . Mark swarr address they all , seem nervous , but in control . swarr my client say there be two more body ... two more dead , hide away . he will take detective Mills to this body , but only detective Mills . only at six o'clock , today . swarr wipe he brow with a handkerchief . talbot oh , Christ . mill why I ? swarr he say he admire you . somerset ( to captain ) this be all part of he game plan . swarr Mr. doe claim that if the detective do not accept this offer , the body will never be find . captain frankly , counselor , I be inclined to let they rot . Mills walk up into swarr 's face . mill you like what you do for a live ? captain back off , Mills . swarr I be require by law to serve my client to the best of my ability , and to serve they interest . Mills ease off . Talbot be agitate , tapping a finger on the gold tooth in he mouth . he look at swarr . talbot we do not make deal like this . captain we be go to have to pass . swarr my client ... he also wish that I inform you , if you do not accept , he will plead insanity , across the board . talbot let he try . I would like to see he try ! swarr come now , Martin . even he know , with the nature of this crime , I could get he off with such a plea . Talbot stand , wring he hand . Mills and somerset be look at each other , think it over . talbot I be not let this conviction slide . I can tell you that , right here and right now ! swarr he say , if you accept , under he specific condition , he will sign a full confession and plead guilty ... right here , and right now . Talbot look at swarr with hatred . mill I will do it . somerset hold on ... just a minute . somerset turn to Talbot . somerset ( cont ) if he be to plead insanity ... this conversation be admissible . the fact that he 's blackmail we with he plea ... swarr and , my client remind you , two more people be dead . the press would have a field day if they find out the police do not seem too concerned about find they ... give they proper burial . mill I will do it . I want to finish it . somerset be think it through . he look at Mills . somerset ( to captain ) well ... let 's get the fuck lawyer out of the room , and we can talk about how this whole thing 's go to go down . int . precinct house , bathroom -- late afternoon Mills ' hand reach to the sink to pick up a razor . he 's shirtless , he chest cover in shave cream . he start shave in front of a mirror . somerset be behind he , smoking . somerset if John doe 's head split open , and a u.f.o. fly out , I want you to have expect it . mill I will . somerset no emotion . stay as cold as ice . mill I will . somerset flick ash in the sink . Mills finish shave . he step away from the sink and wipe he chest off with a towel . mill ( cont ) ( very serious ) listen , somerset ... we have be through a lot together . and , I uh ... somerset what be it ? mill I would like to make sweet love to you . somerset walk away . Mills laugh . somerset please ... as they leave . mill give I a kiss on the lip . somerset give I a break . int . precinct house , ready room -- late afternoon Mills have he shirt off . a female technician , josie , tape a radio transmitter and microphone to he chest . somerset sit nearby at one of the ready room desk . he wear a bullet - proof vest , be just finish a check of he gun . he 's put the bullet back into it . josie finish prepping Mills . Mills press the adhesive , make sure it will hold . he put on a shirt and bullet - proof vest , fasten the velcro . somerset stand , put the gun in he hip holster . Mills pick up he own gun , check it , holster it . he watch somerset take out a roll of antacid . somerset pop a few . somerset ready ? mill extremely . they look at each other . Mills hold out he hand . they shake on it . int . CITY STREET , in front of precinct house -- late afternoon the street be full of shadow as the sun be fall low . on the step of the precinct house , a throng of reporter shift anxiously . a line of policeman hold they back . the precinct door open . Martin Talbot arrive , escort by cop . the press swarm lurch forward , flashbulb explode . Talbot hold out he hand , quieting they , about to speak . ext . CITY STREET , at back of precinct house -- late afternoon Mills ' car pull out of the fence parking lot . John doe be seat in the rear . the car speed up on the street , turn onto a avenue , head into a canyon form by tall building . at the corner , a car be park . somerset be at the wheel . he pull out , follow Mills ' car . ext . skyscraper rooftop -- late afternoon California be dress in full battle gear . he look through binocular at the city below . the wind blow hard . he turn and run to a sleek helicopter on the roof 's heli-pad , climb in the side door . the pilot lean back from the cockpit to hand he a helmet . California don it , start strapping himself in so he can lean out the open door . california be this wind go to hurt we ? the pilot crank the helicopter 's whining engine and the blade start to spin , churn the air . pilot just make the ride a little more fun . California heft a high - power automatic rifle as the chopper lift from the pad and take off . int . mill ' car -- late afternoon Mills drive , look to the back seat through the rearview mirror . a steel mesh partition separate front from back . John doe sit with he hand cuffed . he be dress in gray pants and a gray shirt . his foot be cuffed to a metal fastener on the floor of the car . rivulets of sweat pour down he face . he seem wire . mill what 's you story , johnny ? who be you , really ? doe push he glass back up the bridge of he nose , look at Mills ' eye in the rearview mirror . JOHN doe it do not matter who I be . who I be mean absolutely nothing . int . somerset' car -- late afternoon somerset adjust the volume on a radio receiver mount on the dash . he watch the road ahead , tailing Mills . mill ( v.o. ) ( from receiver ) what 's you deal ? you seem pretty fuck nervous . JOHN doe ( v.o. ) ( from receiver ) I want this to go well . it 's very important to I , obviously . int . police helicopter -- late afternoon the chopper hover amongst skyscraper . California and the pilot be listen , through they helmet headsets . mill ( v.o. ) ( from headset ) you want this to go well ? what be this ? JOHN doe ( v.o. ) ( from headset ) turn right on this street . stay in the leave lane . California lean out the chopper door , use he binocular . ext . CITY STREET -- late afternoon Mills ' car weave through traffic . somerset 's car be not far behind , go through a red light , barely miss a truck . other car blow they horn . int . somerset' car -- late afternoon a cellular phone on the passenger side be beeping . somerset push a button on the phone 's panel . he put on a headset / telephone , speak into the mouthpiece . somerset I be here . california ( v.o. ) ( from headset ) downtown and move west . look like you be go to be crossing water . somerset if we be on the bridge , you keep you distance . you hear I ? int . police helicopter -- late afternoon the helicopter hover steady . California stow he binocular . somerset ( v.o. ) ( from headset ) Cross the river before we if necessary . california you get it . California tap the pilot 's helmet . ext . CITY sky -- late afternoon the helicopter dip , fly like a bullet over the city skyline , head towards the river and the set sun . ext . CITY street -- late afternoon from high above , we see traffic on the highway at the pollute river 's edge . card and truck move like blood through vein . down closer , we can see Mills ' car in the flow . the car turn into a lane of traffic on its way to the huge suspension bridge . somerset 's car be in close pursuit . under the bridge , the police helicopter travel close to the water , move parallel to the bridge , but low , so that it 's out of the sightline of the vehicle above . int . somerset' car -- late afternoon traffic be bumper to bumper . somerset move he headset mouthpiece to smoke a cigarette . he steer onto the bridge , under the massive girder . mill ( v.o. ) ( from receiver ) for we to go pick up two more dead body , and have that be the end of it ... just seem too boring for you . int . mill ' car -- late afternoon Beyond the crest of the bridge , the sunset be crimson . mill would not be sensational enough . JOHN doe wanting people to pay attention , you can not just tap they on the shoulder . John doe strain to turn , look out the back window . JOHN doe ( cont ) sometimes you have to hit they in the head with a sledgehammer ... and then you get they strict attention . mill what be you look at , johnny ? JOHN doe look back ... at the city proper ... doe situate forward , hold he hand in front of he face , look at he bandage finger . JOHN doe ( cont ) and yet , no pillar of salt . ( smile to himself ) lose on you , be not it ? you have never read the Bible , have you , David ? mill I remember a lot of people read it at I when I be a kid . I prefer the classic comic version myself . this be a affront to doe , anger he . Mills see it , like it . mill ( cont ) I use to have " godspell " on a eight - track tape . do that count ? doe lean forward , fury building in he . JOHN doe you make I sick . mill sit back , freak . Mills slam he fist against the partition . doe sit back . JOHN doe ( under he breath ) ignorant heathen . mill right , right . I forget . you think this murder be for god. right ? ( pause ) I be ask you seriously . you really think what you do be God 's good work ? doe look out the window at other car , refuse to answer . he 's press the tip of he forefingers into he thumb , cause blood to drip from under the bandage . JOHN doe the Lord work in mysterious way . ext . CITY street , industrial area -- night it 's get dark . we have be in this section of factory before , with John doe . the police helicopter soar overhead . int . police helicopter -- night California 's look down , wear night-vision goggle . insert -- california be p.o.v . -- through goggle the goggle allow California to see clearly into the maze form by building , yard and workshed below . no one in sight . california ( o.s. ) fuck , man ... there 's about a thousand place to be ambush out here . int . somerset' car -- night the headlight be off . Mills ' car 's red brake light be far ahead on this industrial road . california ( v.o. ) ( from headset ) I do not see anything ... not yet . somerset ( in mouthpiece ) a quick sweep be all we get . clear out now . you be right in front of we . somerset reach to turn up the volume on he radio receiver . Mills be heard singing " Jesus Christ superstar , " loud . somerset allow a very faint smile . int . mill ' car -- night Mills drive along , sing . mill Jesus Christ , superstar ... who in the world do you think you be ? Jesus Christ , superstar ... doe 's in the back seat , try to bear it , steaming . ext . industrial skie -- night the chopper go high , away , over the industrial area . it move to the other side of the factory and settles in low over the river . int . somerset' car -- night Mills ' tune come to a conclusion . somerset slow the car as he see Mills ' brake light go on ahead . JOHN doe ( v.o. ) ( from receiver ) we can walk from here . somerset ( in mouthpiece ) you stay out of this unless I call you in , California . understand ? california ( v.o. ) ( from headset ) you be in charge . somerset take off the headset / phone , stop the car . ext . industrial road , at somerset' car -- night somerset get out . he look through binocular . insert -- somerset' p.o.v . -- through binoculars Mills ' car have stop under the light of a junk - yard . Mills get out . he walk to unlock the passenger door . mill ( v.o. ) ( from receiver ) alright , somerset . go for a stroll . at mill ' car Mills open the passenger door . doe look out . mill lean on you side . hand behind you head and lock you finger together . doe oblige . Mills move to unchain doe 's foot , cautious . insert -- somerset' p.o.v . -- through binoculars Mills let doe out . doe do a deep knee bend to loosen he leg . Mills take out he gun . mill ( v.o. ) ( from receiver ) where be we go ? doe point with handcuff hand , at a path through the junk - yard , towards warehouse . Mills motion with he gun . mill ( v.o. , cont ) ( from receiver ) lead the way . doe start walk . Mills follow , keep the gun on doe . we lose sight of they behind the junk - yard 's massive piece . at somerset' car somerset lower he binocular . he get back in the car , leave the light off , drive slowly towards Mills ' car . ext . industrial area , junk - yard -- night Mills follow doe past rusting collection of machine . we take this walk with doe before , through this metallic bone - yard . JOHN doe it 's right this way . Mills be on edge . his eye search the tower , twisted junk . sharp edge reach for the sky . Glass break under they foot . mill so far , so good . sound of boat on the river can be heard . doe 's head for the alleyway create by two warehouse beyond the junk - yard . doe near the alleyway . it be pitch dark . doe stop before enter , turn to Mills . JOHN doe in here . Mills step up , keep he distance from doe . he can not see a thing in the blackness ahead . mill you go first . doe face the alley . he start walk . we move with he as he go . he 's count silently to himself , move he lip . Mills walk behind doe , keep a sharp eye out in all direction . he 's about ten foot behind doe , keep he gun train on the back of doe 's skull . mill ( cont ) tell I where we be go . doe continue walk , count he step , a bit quick . int . somerset' car -- night somerset have pull along Mills ' car , at the junk - yard . mill ( v.o. ) ( from receiver ) slow down , johnny . stop right there . ( pause ) I say stop ! ext . warehouse alleyway -- night doe walk on . Mills be behind , walk to close the gap . we can hear the faint SOUND of rushing water . mill I will blow you head off right now ! doe stop abruptly . he spin on he heel , face Mills . Mills be get closer , pump , ready to pull the trigger . doe reach up with he hand , take off he glass . he hold they in one hand . the SOUND of the water be louder . Mills be about six foot from doe , and know something 's wrong . John doe smile . mill ( cont ) what ... doe take one step backwards and fall , straight down , disappear in the blink of a eye . mill ( cont ) no ! int . somerset' car -- night somerset look towards the far off alleyway , horrify . mill ( v.o. ) ( from receiver ) motherfucker ! no ! int . warehouse alleyway -- night Mills stand face the open manhole cover doe disappear into . a torrent of water rush by underground . Mills fire a few futile shot into the water , out of he mind with rage . he pull back the top of he bullet - proof vest , expose the microphone . mill he 's go , somerset ! he 's in the water ! ext . industrial road , somerset' car -- night somerset leap out , take out he gun . follow as he run into the junk - yard as fast as he can . mill ( v.o. ) ( from receiver ) I be go in ! int . police helicopter -- night the chopper 's over the river . California listen intently . mill ( v.o. ) ( from headset ) I have to go in after he ! static crackle loud in he headset , then it goe dead . California grip he mouthpiece . california somerset , what 's go on down there ?! int . underground waterway -- night a underground pipe-way . Mills try to swim , be mostly carry in the flow . he 's batter against the side of the pipe , hold he breath desperately . ext . industrial junk - yard -- night follow somerset as he charge onwards through the junk - yard , stumbling over piece of metal . he run towards the alleyway . int . underground waterwork -- night water roar . a square pool of water churn . a moment , then Mills rise , gasp , choke . he 's disorient , furious , wave he gun , expect doe to be right on top of he . no one around . Mills look . this be some sort of unmanned water switch station . the wall be cover in catwalk , drainage pipe and tunnel . some tunnel and pipe spew water down into the central pool , other be seal shut . Mills pull himself from the central pool to a concrete spillway . he stand up , search . doe could be anywhere . mill come on , johnny ! I be right here ! int . underground waterwork tunnel -- night there be a plastic bag with a automatic pistol and extra clip inside hang from a protrude shut - off valve . John doe 's hand tear the bag open , take the content . ext . warehouse alleyway -- night somerset enter the alley , short of breath . he point he gun in front of he , fearful . move slowly . somerset Mills ! int . police helicopter -- night California be enraged , look towards the pilot . california God damn it ! let 's do something ! pilot somerset say wait ! california fuck that ! let 's go ! pilot where ? california I do not know ! just go ! int . underground waterwork -- night Mills climb onto a catwalk . he pass tunnel , look down each , intense , ready to kill . a waterfall flow and over the other end of the catwalk . Mills stand , look over the railing at the central pool and other tunnel . he point he gun and fire into a far tunnel . mill come on ! let 's do it ! you and I ! a figure appear in the center of the waterfall behind Mills . mill ( cont ) I be not go to let you win this ! John doe step out of the waterfall , put on he glass . he seem calm , unload he gun into Mills ' back ... blam , blam ... Mills twist , blow forward by the bullet slamm into he bullet - proof vest . blam , blam , blam ... he stumble , try to turn and fire back , but bullet strike he down and he fall to the floor of the catwalk , gun fall from he hand . click . doe 's gun be empty . the gunshot echo . Mills lay there on he stomach , pound , black out , the hot bullet in he vest smoking and sizzling from the water splash they . doe move quickly , start search Mills ' pocket . ext . warehouse alleyway -- night somerset come upon the open manhole . Water rush by . somerset Christ . int . underground waterwork -- night the central pool bubbles , undulate . somerset surface , inhale , bring he gun up . he look . no one in sight . somerset Mills ! pull out ! his voice reverberate , barely hear against the roaring water . he swim to the edge , climb out . he walk , look ... somerset ( cont ) ( plead ) pull out now ! somerset look up , and freeze up on see -- -- doe 's handcuffs hang , swinging , on the rail of the catwalk above , with Mills ' radio transmitter and wire tie to they . ext . industrial junk - yard -- night somerset run to he car , drive , gasp for breath , still soaking wet . he stop for one second , look . not too far away , the police helicopter fly low to the ground , turn in wide circle . somerset climb into the car , start it up . he drive away , leave he light off . the engine protest loudly , force to its limit . the car disappear in darkness . the police helicopter circle , useless . ext . abandoned church / orphanage -- night the church stand elegant at night , when its decaye state be partially hide . small shaft of light escape from hole in the facade and just into the blackness . somerset be out of he car . he stride towards the church , check he gun as he go . follow with he , get closer to the church . he climb the stair . somerset step up and kick the church door open , meet by a tremendous blast of light -- int . abandoned church -- night flicker orange light from hundred of once tall orange candle , now burnt low . they greet somerset , in the church 's old candle rack , on the floor , on the altar and all through out the pews . somerset 's eye try to adjust to the light . he hold he gun ready , walk down the long center aisle . JOHN doe ( o.s. ) hello , somerset . doe sound far , he voice echoing from the front of the church . somerset where 's David ? JOHN doe ( o.s. ) he 's here . with I . somerset tell I what you want . somerset can see through the heat warp . doe stand face he from the altar . JOHN doe what do I want ? the same you ... I want a end . stay where you be . put you gun on the floor and slide it all the way down here . somerset obey , bend , slide the gun down the aisle till it hit the bottom altar stair . he keep walk , slowly . somerset I want to see he . show I Mills . on the altar , doe be sweat hard , stand over Mills . Mills be slump forward on the floor , unconscious . his bullet - proof vest have be remove . Mills ' hand be tie tight together in front of he , tie to one end of the thick rope suspend from the ceiling . doe hold the other end of the rope , have he gun tuck under he belt . JOHN doe you be a intelligent man , somerset . you understand what you be a part of , do not you ? when this be finish , it will seem surreal , but it will be a whole , crystalline reality . and , no one will be able to deny it , no matter how hard they try . doe 's voice be thick with passion . somerset be about halfway down the aisle , still move . somerset you be a murderer . that 's all . the only way you have distinguished yourself be by you particular brutality . doe walk across the altar . JOHN doe you know that 's not true . you know . somerset you be kill innocent people , and I should admire you ? you be do it because it give you pleasure . that 's the only purpose ... you sick pleasure . doe pick up a container of gasoline , look out at somerset . JOHN doe stay where you be ! somerset stop . JOHN doe ( cont ) I will not deny my personal desire . I will not . doe begin dousing Mills with gasoline , cover Mills ' body and clothing . Mills stir , come to . he cough , choke on the gas and fume . JOHN doe ( cont ) but , I do not mourn the victim in this any more than I mourn the thousand who die in sodom and gomorrah . somerset look fearful . he start approach again . somerset all you have do be cause more misery and pain ! you have give people all the more reason to believe there be no God ! somerset eye he gun at the bottom of the stair . doe see somerset move , throw the gas can away , take out he gun . doe walk to the edge of the altar , all the time hold he end of the rope . JOHN doe stop ! somerset be twitching with anger , look at the gun about fifteen foot in front of he . Mills manage to look up , weak , he eye barely able to open because of the sting gasoline . mill somerset ? doe take one step down off the altar . somerset be still edging forward , hand out away from he body . somerset do you really think I be just go to let this happen ?! you think I be go to let he die ? JOHN doe yes . doe fire he gun and the bullet slam into the front of somerset 's bullet - proof vest . somerset fly back , knock over a rack of candle on he way to the floor . doe walk quickly back onto the altar . mill motherfucker ! Mills try to grab at doe as he pass , but doe turn and kick Mills in the rib . Mills cringe in pain . somerset lay in the aisle , on he stomach , gasp . he can not catch he breath , he twisted face press against the floor . JOHN doe how can you speak of God , somerset ? when be the last time you speak his name ? Mills try to rub the gas out of he eye with he bound hand . his mind work feverishly . he look around to see where he be , then he search the floor . we can see , inside he open shirt , the bleed , upside - down cross doe have cut into he chest . doe walk back to shout angrily down at somerset . JOHN doe ( cont ) when do you last speak his name ? be it in prayer ? or , do you say the Lord 's name after you stubbed you big toe ? or , do you use his name to curse another man ? somerset hold he chest , blink , try not to black out . Mills find a piece of break stain glass on the floor . he pick it up , palm it , still choke on gasoline . doe walk over to the statue of Saint Jerome emiliani , pull the rope from above so it go taut and Mills ' arm raise above he head . doe wrap the rope around emiliani 's arm . mill I be go to kill you , johnny . I be go to see you dead . doe begin twist the loose end of the rope around the statue . JOHN doe the irony , David , be that you policeman and I want the same thing . but , you be so short sighted . in this city , where you can see a deadly sin on every street corner ... and in every home , we want repentance . Mills clutches the glass piece and start cut the rope just above he hand . JOHN doe ( cont ) we want good over evil . we want value instill in the child . we want a world where a man or woman can lead a decent life . ( pause ) wisdom , understanding , counsel , fortitude , knowledge , piety , and fear of the Lord . such simple concept . why be they non-existent ? somerset manage to life he head , struggle to he knee . somerset ( weakly ) let he go , God damn you . doe check to make sure the rope around Saint emiliani be secure , tightening the knot . JOHN doe there be two man once , who have wonderful garden . two garden of flower that go on as far as the eye could see . beautiful garden ... the fragrance be inspiration in itself . doe stand behind emiliani , heave against the statue . Mills watch , gritting he tooth , rub the glass against the rope , finger bleed . JOHN doe ( cont ) but , both garden be beset by problem . weed start to take root , and there be infestation of insect and disease . the garden start to turn putrid . and , one man fight to save he garden , because he could never forget how it once be . everyday he cut the weed , and kill the insect . fought the disease . doe finally topple the statue , down the altar stair , and the other end of the rope pull Mills upwards , scream in pain . Mills be hold , about eight foot in the air , leg dangle . JOHN doe ( cont ) that man never have a beautiful garden again . mill fuck you ! JOHN doe the other man plow he garden under . ( pause ) he plow it under the soil . he start over . somerset get to he foot , steadying himself on a pew . doe walk across the altar , pick up a long metal pole with a thick wick and candle snuffer on the end . he light the wick from a near candle . the flame burn long and thin . he look down at somerset , take out he gun . JOHN doe ( cont ) stay there , somerset . or , I will kill he right now . doe hold the flame pole up , near Mills . somerset stop . he look up at Mills . Mills be strain . he nod to somerset , and somerset see Mills cut at the rope . somerset alright ... you do not have to do this , John . you have already make you point . JOHN doe do you think I choose this ? can you even begin to understand how painful my existence have be ? it 's like ... like have every sense heighten beyond comprehension . doe lower the flame , stand below and beside Mills , with he attention focus on somerset . JOHN doe ( cont ) so that the stench of the street coat you throat like bile . so , sugar be so sweet it ... it make you bone ache to the marrow . somerset you be insane . that 's why . JOHN doe ( seethe ) no ! you be wrong ! Mills continue cut , bleed , almost through the rope . he begin to swing he foot slightly , he body sway . JOHN doe ( cont ) I be choose . and I have wish a thousand time I could have be a normal man . like David Mills , a common man ... with a common life . but , wishing that be my sin . I can not have it and I should not . doe step towards Mills . somerset do not do this ! JOHN doe I mean what I say . I admire David Mills . I envy David Mills . ( pause ) envy be my sin . somerset no ! just as doe be to put the flame to Mills , the rope be finally cut through . Mills drop , swinging he leg forward , smash doe in the face , knock doe 's glass off . Mills hit the floor with a thud . somerset run forward . somerset ( cont ) David , get out ! doe have fall back , drop the metal pole . Mills scramble to he foot and charge at doe , shouting . doe squint , scream , raise he gun . fire twice ! the bullet catch Mills in mid-run , and carry he off he foot , backwards . somerset grip he own gun , just as Mills ' body fall , tumble off the altar area and down the stair in front of he . somerset ( cont ) no ! somerset let out a scream of pain and rage that choke in he throat . he fall to he knee and halt Mills ' body . somerset 's shaking , unable to breathe , turn Mills over and cradling he head in he arm . tear come to he eye . somerset ( cont ) David ... David ? please ... on the altar , doe throw he gun away . he start feel around he , unsteady , look for he glass . Mills ' eye be close . he be still , bloody . he swallow . with one gasp , without a word , he be dead . somerset look up at doe , vision blurred by rage and tear . doe stand , put on he glass , face somerset . somerset lay Mills ' body down . stands , walk up towards the altar , raise he gun . somerset ( cont ) you . doe stand , quaking , tooth clench , fist ball up . he wait for the bullet , fall to he knee . the gun tremble in somerset 's hand as somerset bring the barrel to doe 's face . a millisecond 's pause . somerset change the angle of fire . blam , he blow John doe 's arm to piece in a splattering explosion . doe scream , fall back , on the altar floor . viewed from far back in the church the entire church with its candle frame the torture : somerset walk to where doe flop horribly , bleed . somerset aim , shoot doe in the leg . doe scream , roll , try to crawl away , knock over candle rack . somerset follow . he shoot doe 's other leg . he shoot doe in the other arm . flame begin to rise and spread quickly amongst the pews . doe continue to spasm , wrenching , hand slapping the bloody floor . blam , blam , blam . somerset step back from doe , overturn a rack of candle on top of he . he step away . watch . flame begin rise on doe 's clothing . close on JOHN doe's face doe 's face , cover in blood , twisted in agony , helpless , flame rise . he continue scream . his glass crack from the heat . ext . abandoned church / orphanage -- night smoke billow from the window . the fire be move quickly , ravenous . it 's just start to light up the night . from the front door , somerset walk weep , carry Mills ' body in he arm . int . abandoned church -- night the seven deadly sin tableau burn . flame cause the paint to bubble and blacken . gluttony , greed and sloth be already halfway go . flame eat at pride , lust . wrath and envy be be consume . wrath go last . a man with bloody hand , in tone of blue . flame devour it . ext . cemetery -- day a field of blue . cop in orderly row . the funeral of David Mills . many police official and politician stand in tribute . somerset be here , in he dress blue uniform . he stare forward , still numb , beat . rifles be raise by a corps of riflemen . blanks explode from the barrel . they reload in unison . somerset look towards the grace where Mills ' casket lie under a american flag . Tracy be there . Tracy stand surround by stranger at the grave-site . her head be lower . she cry . each blast of the rifle salute cause she to react with a start . ext . cemetery -- later day the funeral be over . somerset stand at the edge of the graveyard , look at the distant city . behind he , the mourner be still filing out to they car . the captain approach . he come to stand beside somerset , similarly solemn . captain I do not know if I should do this . ( pause ) we find the motel room doe must have be stay in after you find he apartment . somerset have not acknowledge the captain , still look away . captain ( cont ) anyway ... we find this in he belonging . the captain take out a seal envelope . somerset take it . on the envelope : detective somerset , handwritten , in red marker . ext . mill ' apartment build -- day Tracy and somerset stand near a move truck in front of the apartment building . mover carry Tracy 's belonging to the truck . Mills ' car be attach to be tow behind . somerset I wish I could say something ... ( pause ) something to ... I do not know ... tracy I will be okay . somerset nod . somerset we will keep in touch . I will come visit . tracy I will write to you when we get there . somerset take care of yourself . ( pause ) take care of the baby . Tracy nod . there 's nothing leave for they to say . they be both empty . it 's time for they to give a gesture , a kiss , or a hug , to say goodbye , but neither make the first move . mover that 's all , Mrs. Mills . we get everything . mover latch up the back of the truck while the driver climb in and fire up the engine . somerset Goodbye , Tracy . tracy Goodbye , somerset . somerset walk away . Tracy walk away , get in the passenger side of the move truck . ext . CITY STREET -- later day sidewalks jamme with people , hurry . somerset walk in a fog , hand in he pocket . he stop at a corner , but do not cross . he stand there , look up . at the city around he . the building tower over he . at the car , bus and taxie racing in the street , blow they horn and spout soot . somerset reach into he jacket pocket , take out the envelope from John doe . he study it in he hand . somerset ( to himself ) oh ... man ... he open it . he take out a small note , handwritten . it read : plow they under . somerset look up again , mortify , fight to keep control of he emotion . he look around : at the miserable people , walk past he . at a man at the top of the subway station stair , sit in a cardboard box , hold out a cup , rattling the change inside . a father pass by , hold he young son 's hand . somerset turn to watch they as they pass . the gather reach to pick the boy up and carry he . the boy hold tight . for some reason , this make somerset ache with sorrow . the father hug he son to he , kiss he on the cheek . the boy return the kiss , with great affection . somerset watch they disappear in the mass of humanity . he look back at the note in he hand . he tear the note up , into little piece . int . moving truck -- day the truck move along in steady traffic . Tracy sit beside the driver . she look out at the city across the river . she reach into she pocket , take out a small manila envelope . she open the envelope and slide two key on a keychain out into she palm . she 's look at the key when she notice something about the envelope . she reopen it , take out a small fold piece of paper . she unfold it : it be the piece of wallpaper with the pale rise at its center . she smile very faintly . ext . precinct house -- early evening Cars roll by in the street . cop come and go . somerset walk up the stair into the precinct house . end