sharching eqr bobby fischer screenplay by Steven Zaillian base on the Book by Fred waitzkin shoot script dune 1 , 1992 property of paramount picture corporation this scrip ? be not for publication , reproduction or distribution without the express permission of paramount picture corporation . if lost or destroyed , please notify the story department . return to story department paramount picture corporation 3555 melrose Avenue Los Angeles , California 90038 '' paramount picture corporation reervad 00/01,92 l searching for _bo fische : a black and white photograph of a young man , all but he eye 1 . obscure by the long - finger hand support not so much he head as the weight of he thought . josh' voice in the day before the event , he have the whole world wonder if he would show up . the eye be rivete to a point nearby , and yet behind they , vast and mysterious scheme be be plotted . josh' voice plane after plane wait on the runway while he nap or take walk and eat sandwich . the unseen puzzle enthrall and intrigue he . move in close on the eye - josh' voice Henry kissinger call and ask he to go for he country 's honor . newsreel footage of the young man emerge from a airplane 2 . shield he eye against the low icelandic sun with he large hand . he descend the step to the tarmac and be engulf by a crush of reporter and dignitary and curious spectator . as he 's hustle into the backseat of a wait car , the legend - reykjavic , iceland , 1972 ~ appear . josh' voice soon after arrive , he offended the icelander by call they country inadequate because it have no bowl alley . Inside the cavernous laugersdalholl Stadium , workmen lay 3. down carpet to muffle footstep , baffle camera with burlap , replace fold seat with upholster " soundless " chair . josh' voice he complain about the tv camera , about the lighting , about the table and chair and the contrast of the square on the board . his hotel room , he say , have too nice a view . rensed 08,01 . 02 2 the enormous hall , fill to capacity . tournament official 4 . pace below the stage , check they watch . boris spassky at a mahogany chess table , wait , he first move already make . the eame executive swivel chair fly in from Buenos Aires and place opposite he be conspicuously empty . josh 's voice none of this have anything to do with chess of course - or maybe it do . if he win , he would be the first american _world champion in history ; if he lose , he have just be another patzer from Brooklyn . the young man in the plain dark suit arrive late , settles into the leather chair , consider the board a moment and push he knight to he King Bishop 's third square . Close on the time clock on the table , the second tick away . josh 's voice on the 40th move of the 21st game , he counter spassky 's bishop to King - 6 with a pawn to Rook - 4 and it be all over . the cover of time Magazine feature the young man 's 5 . impassive countenance sculpt onto a chess piece like a marble bust of a Roman emperor . the cover of Newsweek , Sports illustrate and life . josh' voice he come home a american hero . he have bragge to the world he have beat the Russians and he deliver . seat rather uncomfortably across from Dick cavett , the 6 . young man explain : " it 's like war on a board ; the object be to crush the other man 's mind . " josh 's voice . he could now command the same money as heavyweight prizefighter . he be invite to dinner by statesman and king . Henry kissinger proudly introduce the young man to Richard 7 . Nixon . in the street of Brooklyn , crowd of people swirl around he seek he autograph . josh' voice then Bobby Fischer make the most original and unexpected move of all . revised 08/19/92 ivory 8 . the same black and white photograph as before , he face hold in he large hand , he eye intent on he mission . josh 's voice he disappear . the photograph be swallow by darkness - and from the darkness come a voice - - merlin I have a tale to tell ... 9 . int . grove STREET theatre - day ( 1988 ) a flash of light and a puff of smoke and a six year old boy 's eye - widen . medieval noblemen and lady ( and the child in the audience ) gasp as the bearded wizard merlin appear from the smoke - merlin a great darkness descend ever all of Britain the day we beloved King uther die . for 18 year now we have live in disorder and misery , suffer the arrogance and war of lesser king and knight battle for the crown that belong to none of they ... under the footlight , the boy , with he mother , father , little sister and friend , watch the magician . merlin for while there be many among you who appear worthy , there stand among you only one who truly be . against the paint backdrop , the costume actor glance curiously among themselves . eventually , a young man in peasant clothes step shyly across to merlin . merlin entrust to I at birth for he safety , the true -born son of uther pendragon and Lady igrayne -~- Prince Arthur . noblemen this , the son of a king ? impossible ! he 's just a stable boy ! he clean we stall ! 8 . eee ee 3 revised 06/13/92 ivory 1. '' continued : 10 . arthur . I be not ready . * merlin . yes , you be . * the young stable boy step away toward a sword embed in a * stone , but then hesitates , glance back at the magician warily . + to the audience - * merlin only he who be pure of heart can take '' the sword from the stone . Arthur grasp the handle and pull the sword easily out . there 's another gasp from the assemble crowd on stage while , down below , the six year old 's parent smile at each other at the look of awe on they son 's face . merlin * the rightful heir to the throne of * England , wiser and great than even * he father - King Arthur . * as Arthur return with the beautiful sword to stand at the wizard 's side , the other kneel and bow and scrape . noblemen Long live Arthur - God bless Arthur - leng live King Arthur - distant thunder boom . ext . WASHINGTON square - same day 10 . in the grey gloom of a threaten storm , the boy , he sister and friend , each with a handmade foam sword , hide in a thicket , whisper , " do you see he , I do not see he , where be he ... " a figure , the boy 's father , appear behind they . it take they a moment to realize he 's there , but when they do , they scatter , run through a " forest . " across the park , the boy 's mother plant seven candle in a cake decorate with plastic car and the word , " happy birthday , josh . " glancing up , she consider the gather cloud overhead with a measure of dread . josh dive behind the trunk of a tree and try to catch he breath . he hear footstep and crouch lower as the tear shoe of someone big walk past . head close to ground now , he notice a small dark object in the fall leave and reach to unearth it . ( continued ) sl revised 08/19/92 ivory 4ar 10 . continued : 10 it 's a elaborate carve of a knight on horseback . he turn it over in he hand examine its detail before voice draw he glance around the side of the tree . Close on - army of small faceless man stand in confuse disarray . a hand in a tatter wool glove without fingertip shove a bishop across a marble table and swat at a time clock . worn - out shoe over mismatch sock tap a cadence like soldier 's drum . ( continued ) 16 . li . fate 08/22/92 '' prec 5 continued : 10. wind howl through the tree , but josh hardly notice . he 's intrigue by the figurine on the chess board , plainer than the one in he hand , but still discernible as horse and castle and king . lightn flash across the checker battlefield as the overcast sky open up above , unleash torrent of rain on the cheap plastic chessmen . hand rake they from the board and into paper bag . elsewhere , people scatter . josh 's mother groan at the sound of crash thunder and hurriedly re-cover the cake . he hear she call he , he father , too , and turn ... to find himself in the shadow of a impose black man in a tear sweater , muddy pants . there 's a weathered baseball in the man 's leathery hand . he hold it out in offer , but when josh reach for it , he draw it back . he want the chess piece clutch in the boy 's hand in exchange . his eye say , it 's a fair trade ... int . josh 's bedroom ~ that night will . rain snake down a window . dinosaur night lamp on the ledge . closer , here , drop of glisten liquid from a red and white can of 3 - in - 1 oil , upside down , fall through space and into the pocket of a brand new baseball mitt . almost a whisper ~ ( continued ) il . fevieed 00/20/02 - pr 6 continued : 11. fred 0.s. you have to be careful not to use too much of this stuff . just enough . not too much , how 's that look ? josh o.s. good . small hand pass bigger one a washcloth . it rub at the oil in the glove , saturate the leather . fred 0.s. you want to really get it in there . look at it drink it up : what a great smell that be , be not it ? now - they be reveal finally , inside a bunk bed drape with sheet like a fort , josh with pajamas print with cowboy and Indians , he father , Fred , wear a look of bewilderment . josh what 's wrong ? fred I forget to buy a ball - I can not believe it . you get to put a ball in the pocket . a hardball . I ~ josh here ~ josh reach across to he nightstand , rummages through the clutter , and hand he father ... not a baseball , but rather . one of that tourist sphere with snowflake in it . he unscrew it from its base . fred yeah , that 's 1ll work . he bury the little globe in the pocket and stick the glove under the mattress . fred now you be set . we will get a ball tomorrow . josh crawl under the cover . Fred lean in across scattered baseball card and kiss he son on the forehead . fred sorry about the rain . ( continued ) mb will . 12 . 13 . 14 . pervine 08/29/02 - pk , 7 continued : ll. josh I have a great time . * fred hey , you know what , can you believe * this ? I can not believe this .. you be seven . josh smile almost as proudly as he father . fred happy birthday . Fred let the flap of the fort close down and navigate past toy and game and book and the wrapping paper they come in . as the overhead light go out , a nightlight in a socket automatically switch on . silence . then , inside the fort , a flashlight snap on , illuminate the knight on horseback in josh 's hand . fascinate with it , he can just hear the pound of horse 's hoof and the clang of iron sword which continue over : ext . WASHINGTON square ~ same night 12 . and in the southwest corner of the park , the black man sit * alone in the rain . * fade to black ext . ps 41 - day ~ 13 . Children spill out the front door of the school into bright sunlight and down the step to the sidewalk where they parent wait to escort they home . josh and he friend emerge in a cluster before split apart +* and wave good - bye . he reach he mother and little sister * and show they the art project from he backpack . * bonnie oh , that 's great ... look at this , katya ... ext . greenwich village - day 14 . they move along the sidewalk , josh , bonnie , katya . * ( continued ) 14 . 15 . preview 08/29/22 - pnk 8 continued : 14. bonnie what do you think , you in the mood for a slice of pizza ? josh I do not know , be you ? she keep walk but glance down at she son puzzle . bonnie you be not ? ( he shrug ) be you feel all right ? josh I be fine . bonnie you be fine , but you do not want pizza . josh hey , I know . you want to go watch the man in the park ? bonnie consider she son blankly ; she have no idea what he 's talk about . bonnie what man in the park ? ext . WASHINGTON square - day 15 . the usual suspect hunch over the marble table in the . southwest corner of the park - hustler and junky and emigrant master like Israel Zilber , a mad bearded Russian - play chess , backgammon and card . the prefer hustle here be blitz - chess with a time limit of a few minute at the outside - a fast and furious progression punctuate by piece - slamm and clock -bang . money change hand under a sign that read , " no gambling . " the resident of one bank of table , drug dealer , consider the lady with the stroller and the little boy . bonnie come on , josh , let 's go . uncomfortable here even if she be not with she child , bonnie try to pull josh away . but it 's no good ; he 's fascinate by the look of the game , the action and the shape of the piece , hardly notice the player themselves . ( continued ) 15 . enna 08/20/82 '' pink 9 continued : be . a handsome young man emerge from a cluster of spectator to consider the derelict player . the black man from before , nursing a paper cup of coffee , jerk he head at the junkie perch across from he . vinnie go sit on a bench , man , I get a fish . the junkie do not move - until vinnie kick at he under the table . he get up and stumble away finally , and the young man approach . clearly out of he element , whatever that might be , he offer the black man in a soft voice -- shirazi dollar a game ? vinnie pretend to notice he for the first time , and , after consider he a moment - vinnie yeah , sure , why not . as the young man take a seat , vinnie set the hand of he beat - up chess clock and place it back on the marble top . vinnie two minute . the young man nod . the game begin . the chessmen flow into line of attack , pace by the nerve-rack snap of the clock , and vinnie play to the crowd that 's move closer to watch . vinnie you should get out more , you look like a vampire . be that what you be , a vampire ? you look like a vampire . the cerebral game of chess , as vinnie play it , more resemble pinball . his piece challenge the other man 's , joust , ambush , plunge off the rim of the table to the ground . vinnie you know how to kill a vampire ? you get to put a stake in he heart . you qor to put a stake in he heart , drive t in , bam . you gotta drive it in , you gotta kill he before he kill you , bam . you gotta make sure he 's dead , you gotta kil ] he , bam . someone in the crowd whisper the name shirazi , " that 's kamran shirazi " and vinnie glance over to Zilber while he play . the bearded man neds almost imperceptibly , and vinnie sneer at the pale young man across from hin . ( continued ) frevtowd 06 720/02 '' pi 10 15 . continued : 15 . vinnie be that right , you be shirazi ? you come to hustle I , huh , grandmaster ? you come to hustle a hustler ? you come to hustle I ? bonnie come on , josh , let 's go . vinnie I be talk to you . shirazi I do not know who that be . vinnie you be nothing but a fish , grandmaster . you be nothing , you be a dog . you be the dog of the world . you be a patzer , shirazi . | bonnie come on , josh . qoblivious to the rest , josh 's eye follow the movement of the chessmen : the diagonal slide of the bishop , the lateral path of the rook , the l-shape journey of the knight ... vinnie you get nothing . oh , you want to trade queen ? Fine , bam , do . * bonnie josh , come on . . vinnie what do you think ? you think you be gonna come into my office and take my money , be that what you think ? huh ? ' look at I when I talk to you , be that what you think ? be that what you think ? huh ? look at I . be that what you think ? huh ? * * shirazi fight not to look at he even as the flag on he clock fall . vinnie smile ; the young man have lose the game on time . 16 . int . josh 's room - night 16 . down on the floor , josh peer through the arched doorway of a playmobil castle . in the " courtyard " stand a tableau of small ( continued ) 16 . al6 . 17 . 18 . pave 08/29/92 '' pr , il continued : 16 . plastic figure in medieval garb - king and queen and archer = and the wooden knight . from elsewhere in the house - bonnie 0.5 . you wash up , josh ? from the castle 's tower , a lone prisoner behind bar window watch as josh move the wooden knight out from behind a row of smaller figure ... ext . ps 41 - day al6 . the last kid out of the building walk off with they mother , leave bonnie and katya virtually alone on the sidewalk . ext . playground - ps 41 - day 17 . bonnie and katya step inte the yard . kid be jump rope , swatting tether balis , climb jungle gym , play basketball . scan the yard for josh , bonnie spot he at the far end , beyond child in motion , on the ground with a checker board cover with small plastic chess man . ext . greenwich village - later - day 18 . Washington Square loom in the distance up ahead . bonnie be acutely aware of it , and , reach a corner , turn it with she daughter . . josh where be you go ? bonnie Home . she shrug , where else ? josh look at she like she 's crazy and point the other way . josh we house be that way , Mom . bonnie I know ... I ... think maybe we have sort of go around ... down to 4th for a change . josh ( pause ) around what ? ( continued ) * * + ee +e * * 18 . 19 . frvteed 06/20/02.» pink 12 continued : 18 . bonnie ( defeat ) the park . josh we always cut through the park , it 's * a hundred and forty ~ seven step * short . it do not make sense to go * around the park . it 's crazy . * chagrine , bonnie watch as josh turn and cross the street the other way , the usual way , then follow after he . ext . WASHINGTON square ~- day 19 . Israel Zilber , wear a naval cap , sheriff 's badge and garish costume jewelry on he finger , stare up at the squirrel in the tree and sing to they in Russian . _ bonnie Excuse I , sir . glancing down , Zilber find stand before he a nervous woman clutching the hand of a little girl and boy . bonnie I notice you sign . scrawle on cardboard and rest on the table , it read , game or photograf of the man who beet tal , 1953 ~ one dollar . Zilber strike a pose ... then frown . zilber . where 's you camera ? bonnie no . my son would like to play a game of chess with you . 4 bonnie fish a dollar from she wallet and cautiously hold it out to the drunken Russian madman . Zilber consider the boy long and critically before snap the bill out of he mother 's hand like a trout strike a shiny lure . josh sit . his face do not reach much beyond the rim of the table . he peer through the chess piece as if through the tree of a impenetrable forest . Zilber move a pawn . josh move a pawn . vinnie , at the next table thumbing through a newspaper , glance over . 2 Zilber bring out a knight . josh bring out a knight . amuse ( continued ) 19 . revco 08/01 2 13 continued : 19 . more than intrigue by the image of the young boy and the old Russian , other wander over to watch . Zilber topple josh 's pawn with a bishop . josh foray through the " forest " with he queen . bonnie , amaze that josh know how to correctly move the piece , stare at she son like he might belong to somebody else . Zilber capture a knight . josh gang up on a rook with he queen and a bishop . Zilber slip away , but not before eyeing , briefly and suspiciously , this small boy sit across from he . at the next table , vinnie smile to himself . josh try to protect he king as Zilber advance with he queen . he take a '' poison '' pawn and the Russian go in for the kill with a army of man . zilber mate . 5 josh what ? josh do not know what the man mean . he do not know how the game end . zilber it 's over . you lose . not the least bit disappointed or hurt by the quick loss , josh get up from the table . indeed , he be t rill to have play . Zilber gather the piece and begin set they back into open position , all but ignore the boy . vinnie what 's he name ? bonnie notice the fearsome black drug addict at the next table and do not answer . josh josh . vinnie josh what ? bonnie ( whisper ) let 's go josh , do not tell he you last -- josh waitzkin . ( continued ) 19 . 20 . 21 . 22 . revived 00/20/82 - prk , 14 continued : 19 . vinnie josh waitzkin . vinnie jot the name down in the margin of he newspaper . bonnie almost groan out loud . vinnie ' I be gonna watch for you , josh waitzkin . someday I be gonna tell this patzer I see you play here in the park like Bobby Fischer use to , and show they this . he stab a finger at the newspaper . to bonnie : vinnie you boy use piece in combination to attack . she have no idea why that 's significant , of course , but nod e anyway , and lead be kid out of the park before josh can offer this derelict he address . omitted 20 . int . yankee stadium corridor - night 21 . bonnie , katya and josh ( with a backpack ) hurry along a corridor . the roar of the unseen stadium crowd reverberate off the wall . int . PRESS BOX - night + 22. print journalist work , and eat , along the long arcing press desk that look out over the field . Fred turn away from the laptop computer in front of he to hug he son and daughter who have just come in with they mother . ( continued ) 22 . ravine 06/20/52 prk 1s continued : 22. scorer hey , josh , how 's it go , you gonna help I out tonight ? the man pat the chair next to he . josh take it , splay open a program to the score card page and begin methodically lay out two neat row of baseball card accord to the start line - up . the crowd groan and the scorer grab a table - top microphone - scorer Strike out . put -out be 2 - 3 . ( to josh so , what do you think , you gonna write about sport like you dad when you grow up , or you gonna play ? josh I be gonna play . second base for the yank . journalist they could use a second baseman . across the cramped room , bonnie glance from she son to she husband , who 's note the out on he computer . bonnie I take josh to the park today . he play chess . Fred nod absently , type a few word and gesture to a guy with a cart full of drink . fred I be sorry , what ? she let it sink in rather than repeat it . fred josh do not know how to play chess . bonnie yes , he do , do not ask I how but he do . a hard hit line drive find the hole in the right side and the crowd go wild . to anyone - fred what field be that ? ( continued ) a * pewteed 08/20/82 : pink 16 22 . continued : 22. anyone 0.s. right . as he note the single to right on he computer - fred he play chess in the park ... - against who ? bonnie a horrible old man reek of alcohol and urine . and this other ... horrible man say he use two piece together to attack . coffee in a cup be hand down and across the tier to Fred . fred he move the piece around with a drunk at the park , be that what you be say ? bonnie he play chess , Fred . fred he do not even tie he shoe . she do not claim to understand it , she 's just report the fact . her husband smile to himself and glance back down at he work while josh , shoe lace dangle , note the hit on he scoresheet . 23 . omitted 24 . omitted * 23 . 24 . 25 . 26 . poven 08/25/02 1? int . waitzkin apartment - morning 25 . Fred rummages through a closet pile high with junk . his daughter , hide behind a rack of old clothes , suddenly throw they aside . clutch he heart in mock horror -~ fred oh , you scared I . she laugh with delight and hide again . Fred sift through a box and eventually pull out a old chess set . katya lunge out from behind the clothes again and Fred again clutches he heart . fred oh , you scared I . int . kitchen - morning 26 . josh at the table with a variety ~ - pack box of cereal and some * toy . his sister run in with a rusted top . * katya * look what I find . * - fred look what I find . Fred set the chess box on the table . the lettering - design be * from the 1950' , the corner be slit . he lift the top * revealing a clutter of very plain chessmen and a checker board . fred want to play a game ? josh ( pause ) * why ? thrown by he son 's apparent lack of interest , Fred glance over to bonnie . she shrug . '' fred for fun . josh condescend a glance into the box and finger the piece like a antique dealer sifting through worthiess junk at a thrift store . josh let 's go to a dealership instead * and get some brochure . * ( continued ) 26 . 27 . 28 . ravine 08/28/02 18 continued : 26 . fred ( hopelessly ) bonnie -- bonnie josh , you dad want to see you play like with the ... man in the park . : fred it will be fun . then we will go to the * dealership . okay ? * int . live room - day 27 . perched on two thick Manhattan phone book , josh gain a overview of the four neat row of chessmen . fred go easy on I , it 's be a while since I play . josh smile politely and advance a pawn . Fred bring out a knight . josh slide a bishop to the far edge of the board and glance out the window . after study the position for several moment , Fred realize he can take the bishop with he other knight and do so throw a look across the room to he wife . josh hardly seem to notice the loss of he man and make each successive move with a cavalier disregard for strategy . his father 's move come after more deliberation , often result in a capture . fred checkmate . * josh oh ... yeah , you be right . ' fred . sorry . want to try again ? josh * ( shrug ) * okay . * time CUT to : fred , chin in he hand , study a confusing array of 28 . chessmen mid-game . josh set he own chin on he hand , more though , it seem , out of boredom . katya , watch from the couch , set she chin in she hand . Fred suddenly make a discovery -- ( continued ) 28 . 29 . previoed 08/25/82 19 continued : 28 . fred this be checkmate again . I get you here . he point out to he son how , no matter where it might try to hide , he king can not escape . oh , yeah . ( Fred shrug , sorry ) can we go to the dealership now ? josh fred yeah , sure , pee and get you coat . int . kitchen - moment later ~ day 29 . put on he own coat , Fred watch bonnie wash the * breakfast dish , all but ignore he . * . fred yeah , I know , I should have let he win one . I give he every opportunity . bonnie he be not try to win . ( rep pause oh , no ? she shake she head , keep work . * fred come on , bonnie . bonnie ' what , it do not matter . fred no , say what you mean . bonnie you do not get it . ( he do not ) * he do not want to beat he daddy . * Fred have to laugh , but the look on she face say it 's true . he sigh and take off he coat . 30 . fata 08 725 82 20 int . live room - moment later ~ day 30 . josh bound down the stair , ready to go out . his father 's lining up the chessmen again . fred one more , josh . josh dad — — fred you Mom want we ( to ) . bonnie ( appear ) no , I do not . fred she think you be throw the game . do you know what that mean , throw the game ? ( josh do not ) really try this time . josh I be try . fred I know . one more , just for fun . josh check with he mom with a glance . bonnie it 's just a game , josh , it 's okay to beat he , you will not hurt he feeling . Fred roll he eye . josh sign and approach the table , reverse the king and queen he father set up wrong . josh it 's this way . he come around , lift the heavy phone book off the chair and place they on the floor . he sit down , lower now , at the same level as the chessmen . he push a pawn and peer through the piece intently and Fred glance across the he wife , a Little take aback by the position he son have assume . ominously , she raise a eyebrow . time CUT to : pe eh ee oe ne 31 . 32 . 33 . 34 . revie 08/28/82 al two capture pawns , one black , one white , next to the board . 31 . tight on Fred , alone at the board , concentrate long and hard before venture a hesitant move and study that position for several moment , make sure to keep a finger on the piece . int . josh 's room ~ same time - day 32 . josh and he sister on the floor play candyland , draw color card and the occasional gum drop or ice cream float . fred 0.s. you _ move , josh . josh get up , hurry out the door , along the hall , down the stair - int , live room - continuous - day 33 . - into the live room , capture a pawn with he queen with hardly a glance at the board , set it next to the other black pawn on the table , and hurry out again . Fred stare after he , then back down at this new threat to he beleaguere knight . : int . kitchen ~ later - day 34 . josh on the phone to a friend , hand bury in a box of animal cookie . josh I can not , I be play chess with my dad ... chess ... it 's a game , like Monopoly . fred 0.58 . josh ? josh do not hang up . he sprint out of the room , then back in not three second later and pick up the receiver . into it -- josh hi. * * ee fevine 08/25/82 ; 22 35 . int . live room - late afternoon 35 , * josh 's chair be empty . there be now eight capture black * piece to the one white pawn . Fred puzzle over he next * move while he daughter clomp around . * fred katya , do you mind ? she stop make noise , but somehow it 's just as distracting . * from the couch , where she sit read the paper and enjoy Fred 's discomfort - >» bonnie katya , you dad 's try to think . why ? katya y? bonnie ( with a laugh ) I do not know . Fred glance over at she long - sufferingly before timidly advance a pawn . . fred you move , josh . josh o0.s. i’‘ m_in the bathtub . fred I / 1l wait . ( to bonnie ) Jesus , what the hell time be it ? late afternoon light stream in . * ? josh 0.s. fred yeah ? a35 . int . upstair hall - same time a35 . down the hall , beyond the door at the end of it , josh 's head , just above the rim of the tub , can be glimpse . josh do you move that pawn ? ( continued ) aaty raviendd 06,725 702 a a35 . continued : a35 . a fred 0.s. I move a pawn , yeah . josh yeah , that one . move my horse in front of my king . b35 . int . live room - continued b35 . fred you knight ? josh o.s. yeah . fred okay . josh o.s. Di ou it ? fred yeah . josh o.s. can_ we go out now ? . fred the _game 's not over , josh . ( continued ) b35 . 36 . 37 . 38 . 39 . 40 . fgvene 08/01 702 continued : josh 0.s. yes t_is . 2 B 3 35 . Fred stare down at the board , then off in the direction of the bathroom , then over to bonnie and the smug look on she face , and finally dumbly down at the board again . move slowly in on the chess piece - josh ‘s voice Bobby Fischer be six when he mother move the family to a small apartment near ebbett field . the image of the chessmen dissolves into the same black and white photograph as before , of chessmen on a board under the concentrate gaze of bobby fischer , head in he large hand . josh' voice at night , when the traffic noise die down , he could hear the roar of the crowd from the stadium . there 's no roar now ; it 's absolutely silent as the image of Fischer be replace by a old photograph of a four-story brick building above a candy store in Brooklyn , circa 1950 . josh' voice his sister bring home game to amuse he while they mother be at work . Monopoly . parcheesi . chess . silent newsreel footage of the Brooklyn dodger , take bat practice in they baggy uniform . josh 's voice they learn how to move the piece from the instruction inside the box . now there 's a faint roar of a crowd as the image of the ballplayer dissolves back to the photograph of the brick building , move in toward a window on the third floor . josh 's voice even though she be five year older , she be soon no match for he . it become more interesting for he to play against himself . he have play both side of the board equally hard , careful to be fair ... the photograph of fischer again , close on he eye , stare intently at the chess position below he . ( continued ) 36 . 37 . 38 . 39 . 40 . 40 . 41 . 42 . 43. farese 08/20/02 '' pnk . 24 continued : 40. josh' voice +... but he always win . fade to black ext . carnegie hall - day 4i . josh and he father emerge from a taxi and disappear into the building 's seventh Avenue entrance . int . carnegie hall , upstair - day 42 . cacophony of echoing sound and music . stage mother and father loitering and smoking outside hardwood - floor rehearsal hall . as josh and Fred move along the corridor , they glimpse through the doorway child in leotard , tap shoe and with clarinet . they reach a door at the end of the hall obstruct by a old crone of a woman with a cigarette hang out of she mouth . a sign identify what lie beyond as the Manhattan chess Club . fred Excuse we . the woman consider the man and the boy with the bag of gummi bear a long moment before step aside , allow they passage . int . manhattan chess club ~ continuous ~ day 43 . yellow photograph of unsmile man look down from crooked dusty picture frame . cigarette smoke cloak the deeper recess of the club . worn victorian furniture sit on unpolish wooden floor . Fred survey the shadowy room and its denizen hunch over oak ~ and - mahogany chess table . josh notice a Coke machine . josh can I have a Coke ? Fred hand he some change and he move off , pass a dishevel man in a wrinkle corduroy jacket with a mop and bucket of clean supplies , and - club member 1 what be you do - club member 2 j’adoube . club member i . j’adoube ? you move the piece . ( continued ) +e ed * + 43. preven 05 729,92 '' pnk 25 continued : 43 . club member 2 * I do not move the piece , I adjust * the piece . j’adoube . * Fred 's glance find the table where the two man sit , one of they hold the clock at arm 's length away from the other . club member 1 ' you move the piece , you take it back . * club member 2 I adjust the piece . * club member 1 you move the piece , you be try to * steal the game , I have a win game . * club member 2 1 adjust the piece . * club member 1 * I know what kind of guy you be - * _ club member 2 * give I the clock - * club member 1 you be the kind of guy when you be a kid you steal money from you mother 's purse . club member 2 Bruce ! club member 1 . Bruce ! Fred watch for Bruce , whoever Bruce be , to respond to he name and come forth to mediate the dispute . but he do not . indeed , j , * the only club employee present appear to be the janitor and he completely ignore the squabble . josh wander over to a sallow - face regular sit alone in a far corner , restructure a game from a old issue of chess life . * * josh want to play ? glancing up the see who have speak , the man 's sink eye stall at the bag of gummi bear in the boy 's hand . regular can I have one of that ? ( continued ) 43 . ravned 00/20/02 prk 26 continued : 43. josh hand he the bag . the man carefully extract a gummi bear , look up again and mouth " two ? " he get a nod , take another and return the bag . josh hand he a can of Coke . josh can you open this for I ? Fred notice the janitor on the phone now and take a closer look . there 's a scarf drape around he shoulder Fred have not notice before , like veneer on a aristocrat who 's hit rock bottom . pandolfini ( wearily into the phone ) who you with again ...? the hadassah chapter in staten Island ... ( he try not to groan out loud ) what would you have in mind ? lecture , exhibition ... ? fred ( apologetic whisper ) I be look for Bruce pandolfini . pandolfini gesture , wait . pandolfini ( into phone ) what be you prepare to pay ? ( to himself , tired ) thirty dollar . do you have any idea what I be accustom to get for a lecture ? * he sigh at the insulting offer and endure the caller 's many excuse for why the chapter can not pay more . pandolfini yeah , okay , I x11 be there ... I be a to the thirty dollar .. yeah , I have it ... yeah , bye . he finish scribbling the address , hang up and stare at the phone , then blankly at Fred , still think about the call . eventually he look say , what . fred I work for a newspaper . I be - pandolfini I do not know where Bobby Fischer be . ( continued ) 43 . fieve 00 729 72 '' pink 27 continued : 43. the haggard chess club manager / janitor step past Fred who stare after he puzzle by the non-sequitur . he watch as the man move around the room dump ashtray , then approach again . fred I be talk to the guy at my paper who write the chess column . he tell I I could find Bruce pandolfini here . be you he ? pandolfini neither confirm nor deny it , which Fred take as affirmation . fred I be look for a teacher for my son . pandolfini I do not teach anymore . fred he be sure you do . pandolfini I do not . pandolfini dismiss Fred unceremoniously by carry on with he chore . distract , though , by incessant clock ~ bang across the club , he glance over : across the room , a few of the reqular have wander over to watch the game of blitz play furiously by the boy whose untied shoe do not even reach the floor . as Fred come past ~ pandolfini why do you want you son to play chess ? fred I do not . he do . he teach himself . pandolfini be that right . . fred in Washington Square . pandolfini be that right . and you let he do that . Fred have have enough . almost . as pandolfini come past with the wastebasket of cigarette butt - ( continued ) * 43 . 44 . fievine 08/29/02 prr 28 continued : 43 . fred he enjoy it . pandolfini nod to himself , yeah , sure , and head for he " office . " across the club , Fred appear at the table josh play at . . fred come on , josh , let 's go . josh just a second . pandolfini move to he desk to sift through the mail , but can not shut out the sure slam of the piece and the swatting of the clock . he resist look again , but the sound themselves tell more of the story than he want to hear . suddenly it 's still as josh 's opponent stare at a intolerable predicament . finally , without a word , he knock down he own king . josh glance to he father , uncertain of the meaning . fred he 's resign the game to you . let 's go . josh get up from the table and start to leave , but then step back and hold out the last of the gummi bear . the man stare at they and the boy , strike by he kindness , and gratefully accept they . regular thank you . . pandolfini wedge he mop against the man 's room door . behind he , he can hear the recede footstep of the newspaper man and he son leave the club . he get down on he hand and knee and begin scrubbing out a toilet . ext . WASHINGTON square - day 44 . boy on bicycle race through the chess circle past hustler play for crack - and chinese food money . a crowd have gather around the table josh and vinnie sit at play blitz . they hand dart over the board knock over piece and hit the clock at a alarming pace . Fred 's among the curious spectator , unable to completely disguise the pride he feel watch he son . vinnie ooh , do not split you pawn like that ~« people will think you be a patzer split pawn . ( continued ) of * oe of be 44 . 45 . plevteerd 08/29/82 pnk , 29 continued : 44 , pandolfini appear at the edge of the crowd , wear leather satchel in hand , and watch with the calm glance of a man who just happen to be pass by on he way home . Israel Zilber notice he , know he , nod hello and gesture with a slight tip of he head toward josh . zilber Young Fischer . pandolfini shrug . Zilber shrug . if they have not , in fact , be wait for the last twenty year for the '' young Fischer " to appear the New messiah , they could perhaps shrug it off convincingly . vinnie that 's a passive move , josh , and you be go to pay for it . right now - boom = ( he take a pawn ) do not let I catch you do that again . never play defensive . always attack . even when you retreat , attack . josh mount a brave attack behind enemy line . vinnie parry . josh keep come at he and the piece fly . vinnie that 's good , that 's better , I be in trouble . Fred notice the chess club manager and smile to himself ; the guy could not stay away , he have to see it with he own eye . tight on pandolfini watch . int . josh 's room - night 45 . josh and he little sister inside the " fort , " a flashlight in she hand illuminate a chess board . josh be explain , in a whisper , how the game work . josh there 's no dice tell you where you have to move . it 's great , you can make they go wherever you want . it 's like painting a picture . he finish make six move form a symmetrical wall of chessmen . he motion she to get down lower to look through the piece at board level . josh look at that . now nothing can get in . +e 46. 47 . 48. plewenecs 06/20/02 '' pin 30 we move past and around the figure , like huge sculpture 46 . plant in a dark garden , throw long shadow - until the spell be break by he mother 's voice = bonnie 0.s. you sneak in here again , katya ? come on out , it 's way past bedtime , say good night to you brother . the girl climb out say good night , and pad out of the 47 . room . bonnie start to follow . josh Mom ? she watch he slide the chessboard to the foot of the bed , careful not to upset the piece , and wait for the rest . josh do vinnie sleep in the park ? bonnie ( pause ) to be honest with you I have no idea where he life . josh because I be think . maybe he could sleep in my top bunk instead . then when I be old enough to sleep in it , he could sleep down here . josh look to he mother for approval of the idea . he 's absolutely serious , concerned for vinnie 's welfare . bonnie you have a good heart . and that 's the most important thing in the world . she lean in , kiss he forehead , close up the fort and switch off the flashlight . bonnie good night . josh good night , Mom . ext . 14 th STREET - night 48 . Music blare as Fred move uneasily through garish fluorescent light spilling out of discount store sell cheap clothes and radio and toy . he navigate past vendor hawk jewelry and book , and 3~card monte dealer and shill work in pair and , three at easily dispose of cardboard table . ( continued ) + * 48 . 49 . 50 . apvinad 08/20/02 . prk 31 continued : 48 , he pass a store with the same address as that on the piece * of paper in he hand . he see a door print with - * bar Point : House of backgammon * it 's block by rack of t-shirt . in order to get to the * stair behind it he have to go through the store . * omitted 49 . * int . house of backgammon - night 50 . score of player under a layer of smoke sit at cafeteria-style table sighing , say " shhh , " move a piece , push a time clock , write on a score sheet , but mainly just sit on hard plastic chair stare and think . fluorescent tube , some of they out , dangle from the ceiling . * the rug on the floor be tear , the paint on the wall peel . Broken window let in the din of bus and truck and ghetto blaster cruise up Sixth Avenue but little air . pandolfini 0.s. glad you could make it . come around from behind Fred , he clap a hand on he shoulder , startling he . he 's cheerful beyond explanation , a change man . pandolfini how 's it go ? fred . all right . pandolfini great . that 's great . so what do you think ? ever be to a tournament a before ? * he gesture grandly to the dilapidate room and the table of frown man . Fred do not know what to think ; he feel lucky just have make it up here alive . fred no . pandolfini ah , well , you be in luck then , this be one of the most prestigious . the talent gather here 's the strongest in the country . everybody 's here . : Fred nod uncertainly . ( continued ) 50 . ' eat 51 . feviae 06/29/02 prk continued : pandolfini you want a Coke or something ? time CUT to : at a table near the window , pair of man sit opposite one another , eye cast down . sipping from a Coke , pandolfini point out to Fred a dark - haire man in he thirty - pandolfini John fedorowitz . won the New York open in 1989 and the wikanzee International in 1990 . move to the player next to he , a slightly - build young man with wire - rim glass sit on fold leg in he chair as if do yoga . pandolfint Joel Benjamin . former U.S. champion , among the six high rate player in the country . his finger belie he serene pose , move with a will of they own , wrapping around each other , go into he mouth , quivering indecisively above a rook . pandolfini Roman dzindzichashvili . two-time U.S. champion . few year ago he be rank among the top ten player in the world . tight on Roman , a large man with a dark beard and a intense - stare . pandolfini asa hoffmann ... Close on a thin man about Fred 's age with black hair . pandolfini he 's the son of two lawyer . grew up on Park Avenue and go to Horace Mann and Columbia before drop out to play chess full time . hoffmann stare at the board in front of he with a long painful stillness pandolfini he play about two hundred tournament game a year . ( continued ) * ee eee 51 . 52 . revinad 08/20/02 prk 3 continued : hoffmann suddenly bound from the table as if suddenly unchain . he have not win ; just make a relatively decent move . pandolfini asa - hoffmann respond , come over beside pandolfini , yet he eye remain fix on he opponent at the table . he do not even notice Fred . pandolfini what do you make at the tournament all together , about two thousand dollar a year ? hoffmann look at that , I get he think ... I get he think ... maybe I be gonna win a pawn . he leave without answer pandolfini 's question and pace around the table in hope of distracting he opponent . player 0.s. ( a desperate whisper ) Bruce . Bruce . pandolfini glance to a heavy ily - perspire player at another table . the man tear himself away from he game , hurry over and whisper <- player . my last publish rating in chess life be eight point too low . how could , they do that to I ? the man do not wait for a explanation ; he know pandolfini do not have one . he hurry back to he place at the table a mop at he brow with a soile handkerchief . time CUT to : a table without a chess board on it ; Coke can and half ~ eat pizza slice and empty potato chip bag instead . asa hoffmann 's there , eat a butterfinger and explain more to Fred than pandolfini in a staccato cadence -- hoffmann the chess hustling business be bad , down with the economy and otb and lotto , lotto have hurt . it 's not a good game for gambling anyway . chess player be too rational , too conservative . you have to find a true ( continued ) 3 51 . no 4 52 . nae 52 . 53. fieload 07 /08 /02 - yellow continued : 34 52 . hoffman ( cont. ) compulsive who happen to play chess . someone who 's essentially a masochist and enjoy be humiliate . one of my best customer be a rabbi . while I beat he he curse and scream , begging I to have mercy on he . 1I / d tell he , " what a fish you be , I be gonna crush you . " I waste he over and over . I take a lot of money from he . unfortunately he 's dead now . he shrug , tough break , that . pandolfini ( for Fred 's benefit ) you use to play Fischer . hoffmann {to Fred ) I use to play Fischer all the time . I lose hundred of game to he at two dollar a shot . I be Fischer 's fish . and he 's proud of it , nostalgic even . out of it . hoffmann quickly , though , he snap but that be a long time ago - Bruce , some backgammon before I have to get back ? dollar a point ? time CUT to : coke can , broken glass , soggy candy wrapper and wad of 53 . toilet paper float in puddle outside the man 's room . the place have clear out pretty much , the tournament over . a player step through the water on he way out , pass pandolfini and Fred at one of the table . pandolfini player how would you do ? good . two win and two draw , tie for third place . after expense only lose a little . pandolfini that be good . pandolfini nod , appreciatively . the young man nod , yeah , and leave . a silence before - ( continued ) 53 . roweed 08/20/82 . prk 35 continued : 53. fred clearly you have I come here so I could see all this . but if you really want I to say no to let my son play , you would not have bother . you want I to think you want I to say no , but you actually want I to say yes . pandolfini you have no idea what I want . pandolfini sip from a Coke can and survey the debris all around they . Long silence before - fred what do you want ? pandolfinti what js chess , do you think ? people who play for fun , or not at all , dismiss it asa game . the one who devote they life to it - for the most part - insist it 's a science . Fred do not bother offer he opinion : he know pandolfini 's not really ask . pandolfini it 's neither . Bobby Fischer get underneath it like no one before he and find at its center - art . ( pause ) I have spend my life try to play . like he . most of this guy have , study every move he ever make . but we be like forger . we be competent fake . ( pause ) you son be not . he create like Fischer . he see like he . Inside . fred ( pause ) you can tell that by watch he play some drunk in the - pandolfini yes . Fred 's skepticism be challenge by pandolfini 's resolute tone . silence . then - ( continued ) perdesrd 08/20/82 prk 36 53 . continued : 53 . pandolfini you want to know what I want , I / will tell you what I want . I want back what Bobby Fischer take with he when he disappear . Fred glance around the dilapidate room , he eye eventuall g ated y settling on the only other man in it -- two guy still hunch over a chess board in the corner . pandolfini yeah , look at that , they have be at it two day straight , eat pizza and candy bar and they can not stop even though it 's over . do not they have any place to go ? I happen to know they both have family at home . Fred watch the mens 's eye darting and blink , look for new combination and possibility , even though there 's no longer anything tangible leave at stake . pandolfini you be he father , it 's you decision . Fred 's glance shift to a young woman in short tiptoe - ing across the soggy putrid rug . she ineffectually lay newspaper over the mess . a53 . ext / int . thompson STREET chess shop - day a53 . * Inside , beyond a window display of exotic chess piece , Fred * purchase a staunton set . . * 54 . int . josh 's room ~ morning 54 . a basketball arc in slow-motion toward a hoop as if through ' water . in fact , it be in water , propel by a current as josh push the plunger of the aquatic toy in he hand . fred 0.5 . . josh , I want you to meet a friend of mine . josh glance up . there 's a man in a wear corduroy jacket and long scarf stand beside he father in the doorway . pandolfini hi , josh . fred this be Bruce . ( continued ) 54 . 55 . 56 . revise 00/29/62 pink 37 continued : 54. josh ( pause ) hi. josh return he attention to he toy . pandolfini glance to Fred , he cue to leave . . fred yeah , okay , I guess I x11 just ... let you two ... I / 11 be downstairs ... he shrug and leave . as pandolfini move around the boy 's bedroom take a inventory of the kind of thing in it , josh consider he with a measure of suspicion . all over the floor be old toy and other thing he 's take apart . pandolfini ( off-handedly ) I love water basketball . int , live room - morning 55 . Fred come past a beautiful staunton chess set purchase expressly for the occasion of this first lesson , no doubt , and set up neatly in advance for the teacher . he notice a king and a queen on the wrong square , correct the mistake , and cross toward the - int . kitchen - continuous ~ morning 56 . - where katya " cook " breakfast on a little stove . to bonnie , cooking on the real stove , as he come in - fred they be fine . bonnie you leave they up there ? fred they be fine . fast friend . katya Bacon , daddy ? fred sure , honey . as she " cook " it for he in a bright yellow skillet . Fred toy distractedly with a musical robot on the table . ( continued ) + ee 56 . 57 . 58. 59 . 60 . rarvened 06/29/62 + pink , 38 continued : 56 . fred supposedly he use to really be ... someone . some kind of ... master level something or other . bonnie use to ? katya put a plate of toast and bacon in front of hin . fred thanks honey . he do not play anymore . on the circuit or whatever you call it . the robot will not stop . Fred knock at it to shut it off . int . josh 's room ~ later - day 57 . tight on josh and pandolfini concentrate on a unseen board between they . finally - pandolfini Professor plum , in the conservatory , with a rope . josh check the solution and somberly shake he head , ' no . 's pandolfini groan . neither notice Fred pass by the doorway and glance in briefly on he way down the hall . int . master bedroom - later - day 58 . Fred stare blankly at the half - write sport column on he | computer screen , type a few word . from elsewhere in the house come pandolfini 's voice - pandolfini 0.s. uestron ? ou_have stron ? TI lov that . Fred sigh and try to write . int . live room - later - day 59 . the chess set , untouched . nearby , pace slowly , Fred glance from the ceiling to he watch and up again . he hear footstep come down the stair , but it turn out to be katya . int . josh 's room ~ later - day 60 . josh move comfortably through the debris of he room , explain to pandolfini how certain thing work , where he get they , how he never throw anything out . he show he a nerf ' crossbow , slip its three arrow on he finger like long fingernails . 61 . 62. 63. parveed 00/20/02 pink . 39 int . kitchen - same time ~ day 61 . Fred back at the kitchen table , sip coffee and glance through the Sports page . bonnie button they daughter 's coat ; they be go out . bonnie be you pay he by the hour ? Fred nod glumly without look up . int . josh 's room ~- later - day 62 . down on the floor again with a Simon toy , josh repeat its increasingly complex sequence of tone . down on the floor with he , pandolfini watch . he 's start to get the picture . int . live room - late afternoon 63 . not far from the chessboard -- still untouched -~ pandolfini slip into he jacket and wrap the scarf around he neck . pandolfini I need to talk to you dad a minute , T will see you next week , okay ? josh okay . pandolfini I really have a great time . josh I too . josh shake he hand . pandolfini bye . josh bye . josh leave the room , climb up the stair . bonnie come in from outside with katya and glance to she husband , surprised that the chess teacher be still here ; the sun 's almost down . pandolfini the first lesson go very well I think . fred ( pause ) be you guy talk about chess up there ? ( continued ) * * * 63. 64 , revieed 08/20/02 - pnk continued : pandolfini ( try to recall ) no , it do not come up . pandolfini shrug ; Fred stare at peek into the room from the hall . he dumbly . behind they , J . pandolfini so I will see you next Saturday . 40 63. osh Fred be not so sure . he can not bring himself to nod in agreement but do offer he hand . pandolfini shake it but do not move ; he stand there like a room service waiter wait for a tip . bonnie ( prompt ) Fred . fred ( to pandolfini ) oh , yeah , sorry . he take out he wallet , check he watch and almost groan . hand over two hundred and forty dollar . pandolfini that 's great . ( to bonnie ) so long . as pandolfini head for the door , stair . Calling out loudly - josh climb back up the pandolfini so what do you think , josh , some pac man next week ? pac man and pizza ? josh o.s. great . pandolfini let himself out . give Fred a look that say it all , bonnie turn and leave to go upstairs . alone in the live room , stare at the untouched checker board and faceless chessmen , Fred shake he head in fred ( to himself ) dismay . the chess hustling business be bad ? int . manhattan chess club ~ day he 64 . the tower form of a ivory knight glide to a halt on a black square the size of a city block . ' rise heavenward . a god-like hand let go and ( continued ) of * 64 . ravized 08/20/02 - pnk 41 continued : 64. pandolfini 0.s , . mate be four move from the position in front of you . do not move until you figure it out in you head . tight on josh 's eye rivete to a point straight ahead . move slowly down , the crown of king and queen and the turret of castle jut up from below and rise as if lift by some unseen and powerful force . josh 's dark eye peer through the piece long and intently before shifting slightly up . pandolfini 0.s. do not look to I for a hint . josh . I can not do it without move the piece . pandolfini 0.s. yes , you can . clear the line of man in you head one at a time and the king ' 1ll be leave stand alone like a guy on a street corner . josh 's eye dart from piece to piece , try to clear each line , force each counter - move and remember it , try to leave the king stand alone . pandolfini here , I will make it easier for you . he rake the piece from the board with a sweep of he arm . josh stare at they as they scatter across the floor ~ though no one else in the club do ~- then up at pandolfini as if he must be nsane . pandolfini there . josh look back to the board , and that 's all it be now , just sixty ~ four square with nothing on it . he study it , or rather the position that use to be there , and finally - josh knight to £ 8 . pandolfini 0.s. yes ! josh take in a breath like someone hold long under water suddenly break through to the surface . pandolfini be at last reveal across the table , smile proudly at he young student . pandolfini give I you book . ( continued ) tee 64 . revieod 08/20/52 - prk 42 continued : 64. josh excitedly hand over he sticker book . it 's fill with description of game already play and colorful dinosaur and Super hero sticker , stamp , and Easter seal . pandolfini dig into he satchel , come up with a stegosaurus sticker and plant it on a page . josh admire the sticker itself more than the move it reward . - pandolfini I want to show you something else . he hunt through he wear satchel . josh peer around the edge of the table try to get a look inside . pandolfini locate a a document finally and pull it out carefully . pandolfini this be very rare . ( do not show it ) it say -- " master chess certificate . award to -~ there 's a blank here for a name -~ for highest Achievement , on this day of ~~ blank -- nineteen hundred and -- blank . " ( as he hand it across the table ) careful with it . josh take a look . it 's about as official - look as the diploma the wizard of Oz give to the scarecrow , but to josh it look like the declaration of Independence . he handle it carefully , like it might crumble in he small hand . pandolfini it 's a mysterious and powerful thing . it 's only be give out ... I do not . know , a few time in history , and only then to that who achieve a_ lot of master class point . then there 's a big ceremony ... and so on . josh how do you get master class point ? pandolfini you earn they . you just earn ten for that knight to £ 8 . as pandolfini make a notation in josh 's lesson book , he intone solemnly -- ( continued ) dh oe oe * of ee 64 . 65 . ravtved 00/29/02 + pnk , 43 continued : 64 . pandolfini ten ... master class ... point . ~~ return the lesson book and gesture to the certificate . josh reluctantly hand it over and pandolfini slip it back through the jaw of he satchel . - pandolfini only a few man in history ... but I have a feel . he smile knowingly . josh beam , thrilled with the idea of someday receive such a " rare and mysterious " award . int . master bedroom - night 65 . a knick charge up the alley for a lay - up , collide with Magic Johnson and hit the deck - all in absolute silence . a referee blow at a whistle but no sound come out . fred listen to this - Fred and bonnie propped up on pillow in bed , neither pay attention to the game on the mute television . she 's read a magazine . he 's read from a library book call , " Bobby Fischer vs. the Rest of the World . " ( -c- Brad darrach ) fred ( read ) " Bobby wear a business suit about as naturally as a python wear a necktie . he stand six one , weigh close to * 190 , and a padded jacket make he shoulder seem so wide he head look like a pea sit on a ruler , someone say . on the tv , ten huge man in short with head like peas sit on ruler silently sprint downcourt . fred " he function like frankenstein 's creature , a man make of fragment connect by wire and animated by a monstrous will . when the will collapse or the wire cross , Bobby can not execute the simple act . once , when I ask he a question while he be eat , he circuit get so befuddle that he jabbe he fork into he cheek . " ' Fred glance over to bonnie amused , then back down at the book ‘( but never to the tv ) . ( continued ) 65 . 66 . 67 . 68. favrse 08/05/02 44 continued : 65 . fred '' but when he sit at the board , a big dangerous cat slip into he skin ... " move slowly away , past the tv and the knick traipsing off 66 . the court at the Garden , past the dresser and the laundry hamper , and retreate out the bedroom door ... fred o.s . " his chest swell . his geeen eye glow . all the life in he bedy flow and he look wild and beautiful ... " move slowly down the darken hallway and into josh 's 67 . room , past the nightlight and car on the floor , push through the hang sheet and into the " fort , " closer and closer toward josh , tuck in under he cover , asleep . fred 0o.s. " sprawle with lazy power , eye half close , he listen to the imaginary rustle of move piece as a tiger lie and listen to the murmur of move reed ... a mute rustle of leave outside josh 's window be eclipse by the roar of a crowd - ext . baseball diamond ~ day 68 . josh , helmete , warm up with a bat in the on-deck circle . at the plate , one of he teammate smack a grounder through the leg of a three and half foot third baseman and make it all the way to second before the ball be relay back to the infield . the coach , Fred , holler enthusiastic praise from the sideline . as josh come up to bat , pandolfini step across the riser of the bleacher . in he jacket and scarf , carry he briefcase , he look terribly out of place . josh spot hin and wave . the chess teacher wave back and take a seat next to bonnie and katya . bonnie you be overdress , Bruce . josh tag one and the crowd of parent and sibling go wild . josh round third and dive for home well under the throw that sail over the backstop and into the parking lot . ( continued ) 68 . 69 . 70 . fertoed 08/20/82 . pnk 45 continued : 68. boy v.o. two , four , six , eight , who do we appreciate - Comets , Comets ~ yea , Comets ! ext . baseball diamond - later - day 69 . mitt reach a pinnacle of ascent before crash back down on the head of the boy who throw they . josh 's team , the meteor , clearly the victor , sort out the glove on the ground as they parent envelop and congratulate then . in the midst of the celebration , josh notice the lose Comets , shoulder hunch as they slink off the field . he watch . they until bonnie and katya and Fred and pandolfini , hugging and patting he on the back , block he view . int . JOHN 's pizza - later ~ day 70 . a C -shape jaw - snap creature careen through a maze eat dot of light . huddle around the pac man machine be josh , he sister , and he like - jersey teammate . pandolfini 0.s. his chess idea be like piece of he body he 's reluctant to give up . across the restaurant , Fred , bonnie and pandolfini share a table with a big silver dish of pizza . pandolfini for instance , he simply can not cope with be tell not to bring he queen out early in the game . why should not he ? he 's win many a game in Washington Square do exactly that . why be this suddenly wrong ? fred you should try get he to brush he tooth sometime . pandolfini what he 's learn there and what I be try to teach he be two very different thing . Park hustler play tactic , not position . they play wild unpredictable move , they devise trap , some of they brilliant , to force they ( continued ) a 70 . a70 . b70 . frevinar 08/29/02 '' pink 46 continued : 70 . pandolfini ( cont. ) opponent to think , to take that extra second - great when there 's a clock run out in a two - minute speed game for drug money , but it will cost josh dearly in real game . fred he 's learn some new word . pandolfini I be wonder if you could keep he from play there so much . Fred nod and be about to say , sure , when - bonnie no . the man glance over at bonnie as if only now realize she 's sit there with then . bonnie it would kill he not to play in the park . he love it . pandolfini it just make my job harder . bonnie then you job 's harder . Fred stare at he wife , take aback by she tone . her look tell he and pandolfini , that 's final . the teacher yield with a nod , knew more than he know before today : she 's the one he 's go to have to contend with on this matter . pandolfini Fine . I would though like to start see he twice a week . int . katya' / josh 's bedroom ~ that night a70 . bonnie pull back up the blanket she sleep daughter have kick off , do the same thing for josh , come down the hall - int . master bedroom ~ continuous b70 . - inte the room where Fred sit exhaust and go into the bathroom to wash up for bed . as much to himself - ( continued ) ae ak ok ok ke cad * +e b70 . c70 . d70 . e70 . pande 08/2070 + prr 46a continued : b70 . fred | something 's get to give ... between the baseball and the music and the chess and everything else ... something 's get to give . . bonnie let he decide . fred he 's seven . he have say school . bonnie no , he would not . Fred sit in the quiet that 's break only by the splash of water in the sink , too tired to get wash up himself . fred ( more to himself ) well , something 's get to give . int . josh 's room - day c70 . small hand slam the lid of a case over a violin and snap the latch shut - int . closet - day d70 . the hand cram the violin case and a stack of sheet music onto a cluttere shelf . . int . master bedroom - day e70 . as Fred throw a few item into a suitcase - bonnie make sure he lace be tie if there 's escalator - a phone ring . she emerge from the bathroom with josh 's toiletry . bonnie and that there 's seat belt in the cab ~ Fred answer the phone and keep pack . bonnie 's out the bedroom door . . fred : hello ? Bruce , where be you ? + ee ad 71 . 72 . 73. flavise 08/20/92 - por 47 int . josh be room ~ day 71 . a suitcase . a few item of clothing in it and lot of toy . josh add he mitt and ball , a frisbee , lego and stuff animal . his mother come in with he toothbrush and sesame Street toothpaste . bonnie it 's only overnight , josh . he contemplate the heap of stuff in the suitcase and eventually remove the frisbee . bonnie have to smile . kneel down . bonnie come here . josh what . he come to she and she hug he for a long moment . bonnie I be go to miss you . josh it 's only overnight , Mom . int . master bedroom - same time ~ day 72 . Fred on the phone to pandolfini -- fred what be you talk about , we be already pack , we be like out the oor - pandolfini v.0o . so unpack , what 's the big deal ? fred it be a big deal . ( catch himself ) to he . int . pandolfini ‘s apartment - same time - day 73 . a claustrophobic three - room apartment decorate mainly with old newspaper and dirty clothes . the man on the phone in the robe over he clothes be clearly a bachelor . pandolfini I do not know why I say okay in the first place . fred v.0o . you do not . he want to do this . ( continued ) 73. 74 . 75 . revise 05/29/02 - pk 48 continued : 73 . pandolfini I should have dissuade he then . fred v.o. Bruce - pandolfini t / have play in tournament . I grow up play in they , they have nothing to do with what 's important - int . master bedroom - intercut 74 . phone to he ear , Fred check he watch . pandolfini v.o. - win and lose , that 's all they be about . fred what 's wrong with that ? pandolfini v.0 . it 's not chess , that 's what 's - fred chess be art . . pandolfini v.0 . that 's right . fred no , chess be you appreciate the . beauty of josh 's game at sixty buck a hour -- will you be ready to go in thirty minute or not , that 's what I need to know . he shrug to bonnie who have appear back from josh 's room . pandolfini v.0o . let I talk to hin . fred josh ! int . pandolfini ‘s apartment - continued 75 . there be trophy and chess memento among the clutter in the room , but they be eld and neglect , no longer as significant to they owner as they may have once be . into the phone - pandolfini , josh , hey , how you do ? you excited ? listen , I be not go to be able to make it , I have get some thing I have to take care of . 76 . 77 . 78. 79 . 80 . revived 07/06/02 - yellow 4g int . master bedroom - intercut 76 . Fred leave the room with he suitcase past bonnie . josh try to nod like he imagine a adult might if deal such a blow , and almost manage to keep the hurt out of he voice . josh that 's okay . pandolfini v.o. I will be think about you , though . you be go to do great , I know it . ( pause ) you okay ? josh yeah . int . pandolfini 's apartment - intercut 77 . Close on pandolfini try to remain upbeat . pandolfini you have a good time , that 's the main thing . and I all see you when you get back . josh v.o. okay . bye . pandolfini do not bring you queen out too ( soon ) ~ but josh have already hang up . pandolfini set the receiver down and sit and stare at nothing . omitted 78 . a int . school gymnasium - syracuse - day 79 . unseen motor draw basketball hoop up and out of the way , lock they flat against the rafter . a man on a ladder tie back gym ring . other lug cafeteria table across the hardwood floor and set they in place and take chessmen and clock out of box . a woman line up trophy of vary size on a platform . ext / int . sheraton HOTEL - day 80 . a cab deposit Fred and he son _in front of a hotel . they come in through the door . as Fred approach the registration desk , josh gaze at the lobby like it 's the Taj Mahal . josh ( to himself ) this be great . a nas aso . bbo . bl . revise 07/08 /02 - yellow 49a int . sheraton hallway - day aso . running ahead of he father , josh find they room and get the key in the door . int , sheraton HOTEL room - continuous - day b80 . * josh hurry in and around the room , check everything ~ the phone , the tv , the lamp , the shower , sink - report to Fred as he come in with the suitcase ~ josh everything work . fred hey , what do you know . ext . hote ! wimming pool - day bl . * josh can not get into the pool fast enough . he foist he towel and thongs on he father and leap into the water already teeming with exhilated kid . Fred slowly circle the decking look for a empty lounge chair and friendly face . pass other parent at patio table , he overhear patch of they conversation blend into one another . all be cool and all be lie : parent 1 chess be not about live and die , it 's just a game . we do not care if he win or not . parent 2 he spend a lot of time at it , but it 's time well spend . it develop logical think , which be important whatever he decide to do in life . parent 3 she do not study much , there be not the time . she lead a very well - round life . she just have a knack for the game . she be bear with it . parent 4 be you crazy ? we do not want he to grow up to be a chess player . we be just here to have fun . Fred see a empty chair , but before he can get to it a guy climb out of the pool and take it , leave Fred stand next to another man watch the action in the pool . just to make conversation - ( continued ) 81. ravine 07/06/82 - yellow 50 continued : b81. fred you here for the -- chess father yeah , you ? fred yeah . chess father what 's you kid 's rating ? fred ( throw ) I do not know that he have one . this be we first tournament . the guy do not waste any time walk away . he can not be bother with further conversation ; Fred and he son be nobody . in the pool , josh swim over to a boy sit timidly on the step . Fred notice one more empty chair , take it but resist the temptation to chat with the nervous~looking father on the one next to it . eventually , though -- kalev which one 's yours ? fred over there by the step . Fred point out he son in the pool talk to the other boy , and kalev look chagrine . kalev that one 's mine . look like they be friend already . which mean he have to deal with Fred now ; which be unfortunate . kalev ( eventually ) what 's he rating ? Fred consider tell he the truth , that he do not know , but then decide to make something up - . fred Fifteen . kalev stare at he . Long pause . Fifteen hundred ? ( continued ) +e ee + 81 . 82. revise 07/08/82 yellow 51 continued : Fred nod . 81 . fred yeah . kalev how old be he ? | fred Seven . kalev seven. ( pause ) and what ? fred a half .. two third . kalev Seven and two-third ... Fifteen hundred ... ( Fred nod ) well , I doubt . they 'il be play each other , Morgan 's not even rate a thousand . ( pause ) Fifteen hundred ... and on the other side of the pool , a woman at a patio table be try to explain something to another parent : chess mother when my son 's play brilliantly , I feel ... like the mother of Jesus . int . gymnasium - day 82 . sixty elementary school age child , most of they boy , climb on gym apparatus and jockey for position around the trophy table , adm ring the shiny statuette . tournament director I want to remind you to conduct yourselves like adult . I do not want any trouble and you know what I be talk about . he 's not speak to the kid , he 's lecture the parent gather on the wooden bench lining the wall of the gym . tournament director I expect you to behave yourselves . you do that and everybody 's 11 have a good time . ( continued ) eee eo ee % * 82 . 83. ravenel 07 08/2 - yellow 52 continued : 82. they all nod , " of course , " but the director level a icy stare at they . tournament director I be not kid . he turn away and several parent immediately give chase . chess parent 2 _ my son can not play with this piece . he always use he own piece ~ chess parent 3 ( overlap ) my daughter need she time clock . she 'il be throw by another clock . the director whirl around silencing they with a look that admonish , what do I just say ? the parent shirk back , grumble to each other : chess parent 2 it 's not fair . chess parent 3 this be completely unfair . int . gymnasium - later ~ day 83 . Little placard on the table identify the little player seat at they by number . station directly behind the kid across from josh be a enormous man with a big intimidating face and arm fold across he chest like a guard or bouncer . josh glance meekly over he shoulder to he own less impose father . Fred try to say with a little pat , do not let this guy scare you . tournament director ( Appendix dialog .. end with '' start you clock . " ) that signal the start of play , which begin with gentlemanly handshake and thirty white pawn advance one or two square . Black counter . josh bring out he queen and Fred wince . the big man across from they almost guffaw out loud . at other table , more prudent open move be make . not fifteen second elapse before angry voice rise above the click of the piece against the board -- chess parent 4 you think I do not see that ? you think I be blind ? ( continued ) * ee 83. 84 . 85 . 86 . eevine 07 /06 782 '' yellow 53 continued : 83. chess parent 5 I do not know what you be talk ~ chess parent 4 you ear , that 's what I be talk about . you pull on you ear . you signall he . chess parent 5 I do not pull on my ear , TI scratch my ear . my ear itched , I - chess parent 4 you pull on you ear and my son 's down a pawn . chess parent 5 I do not appreciate be call a * cheater . . * chess parent 4 no ? well , get use to it because that 's what you be . the two man begin shove one another before tournament official can hurry ever to pull they apart . hard CUT to : int . gym hall and locker room - moment later 84 . * all the parent be herde down a hall and into the adjacent * tocker room . some of they seem use to it . the gate siam shut * on they ... then open again and they rush forward . the * airing and rating sheet be toss in like hunk of meat * into the lion 's cage and the gate slide shut again . * ( int . gymnasium - same time ~ day 85 . the kid glance among themselves , stunne that they parent have be forcibly remove from the room . it 's so qu et now . so peaceful . they burst into applause . int . locker room ~ later ~ day 86 . they mother and father move listlessly around the room like fish in a aquarium . some be bury in chess book . Fred wander over to the rating and pair sheet someone have * tack to the wall and consider they . josh 's name be down at the bottom alongside some other unrate ' nobody . 's ( continued ) 86 . a86 . 87 . revered 07/08/02 yellow continued : 5 Fred notice kalev perch on a nearby locker room bench . his face be tight , he knuckle white , he foot anxiously tapping against the cold cement floor . fred you be lucky you do not get nervous at this thing . kalev force a smile before return to he vigil . indeed , about the only parent who do not seem nervous 15 Fred . the locker room gate slide open and every face turn to it expectantly . int . gymnasium ~- day a Fred spot josh and he opponent turn in they score sheet at the director 's desk . kalev spot Morgan . as josh join hi father ~ fred how would it go ? josh easy win . int . HOTEL video game room - later ~ day the narrow room be pack solid with kid . a mother , with a pocket chess set in she hand , wedge through to she son . arcade mother come on , let 's go , we get time to go over you endgame . ( she 's ignore ) come on , this stuff 's go to rot you brain . she detach she son 's hand from the control and josh and Morgan slide in to take over . losing father Mr. waitzkin ? just outside the room , Fred , hang out with kalev , turn to a timid man who have come over . losing father I be wonder if you son by any chance say anything about how my son play against he ? the man hang on Fred 's every word -~ ( continued ) 4 86 . 86 . 87 . tee 87 . b88. a9 . farinas 07 106/82 '' yellow 55 continued : 87. fred yeah ... yeah , he say he play a strong game . he say it be a real tough win . losing father really . fred yeah . losing father ( grateful ) thank you . fred sure . the guy wander off . Fred watch after he , then glance to kalev with a shrug . int . gymnasium ~ later - day 88 . the kid back at it , hunch over the chess board while tournament official ( but not they parent ) stroll around the gym . int . locker room - same time - day 99 . the woman who feel like the mother of Jesus do not right now ; she 's praying in a corner of the shower . the air around she be thick with tension . Fred glance at the pair sheet on the wall . another guy step up beside he . tuna fish father if you son win he game and mine win he , they 's 11 be play each other in the final round . fred I can hardly wait . tuna fish father hey , it 's just a game . Fred nod , but know otherwise already . tuna fish father I be gonna get a tuna fish sandwich , you want one ? fred no , that 's all ( right ) - ( continued ) * 89 . 90 . $ 1. 92 . frevise 0 ? 00/02 - yellow 56 continued : 89 . tuna fish father Ill bring one back for you . before Fred can answer , the guy head off across the room to a table where parent can buy sandwich , m&m , dorito and soda . notice a beefy man he think he recognize sit alone deep in think , Fred approach . fred Excuse I , be not you billy White ? you use to play fullback for Notre - white w_can_ yor whe : si be think ? Fred recoil : the look the ex-football player give he be far fiercer than anything he ever display on the field . ext . gymnasium - later - day 90 . josh and Fred outside , toss a baseball back and forth between round . judge from he high spirit , josh win again . Fred seem less confident , glance after each throw to the tuna Fish sandwich Father and he son study chess move under a tree . fred josh , maybe we should go over some opening while we have the chance . josh I need to unwind , dad . Fred toss the ball back and look again over to josh 's little studious opponent . int . gymnasium - later ~ day 91 . several kid , finish with they game , gather around the number - one board to watch josh and he opponent , the tuna Fish sandwich Son , petey . Morgan be not among then . int . locker room ~ same time ~ day 92 . Fred and the tuna Fish Father try to remain cool and civil as they pace across the cement floor . Morgan appear at the gate to the locker room and report loudly like a newsboy -~ morgan josh be in trouble , he 's down another pawn . ( continued ) ee + 92 . 93. pardon 07/08/82 - yellow 57 continued : 92. Morgan hurry back down the hall . the tuna Fish Father * glance to Fred and try to hide he glee behind a insincere assessment -~- tuna fish father do not believe he , you boy 'il pull it out . use the same reverse psychology tactic , Fred opine -- fred no , he 's down too much material , he 's gonna lose . they pace some more . Morgan reappear at the gate with * another news flash -~ * morgan petey just hang he rook . he hurry off again and the tuna Fish Father struggle to * conceal he unease over this new development . Fred twist the knife -- fred he probably sacrifice it for position . he 's probably still get the advantage . the tuna Fish Father agree with a unconvincing nod and Fred bury a satisfied smile . they pace around some more until * Morgan appear again . * morgan it 's all over . the two father wait expectantly for the rest - who win - but Morgan disappear again leave they hang . 4 int . gymnasium ~- later ~ day 93 . cameras flash as kid come up on stage to receive trophy and * handshake from the tournament director . * tournament director * in fifth place - with four point - * from Hunter - ( name ) - congratulation * ~ in fourth place ~ with four point - * ( see Appendix ) - * while wait for josh to receive he trophy , Fred overhear * the tuna Fish Father remark to some other parent -- * ( continued ) 93. 94 , farvioe 07/08/92 - yellow 58 continued : 93. tuna fish father I be try to be nice . I bring hima sandwich and he pretend to be distract and do not pay I . can you believe this guy ? Fred realize the man be talk about he , and hurry over pull out he wallet . fred I be sorry , I do not realize you buy it , I think they be ( free ) - tuna fish father - oh , now you want to pay I . fred yeah - _ tuna fish father well , forget it . Fred try to get the guy to accept the couple of dollar he 's hold out , but the guy just walk away with he son , petey . fred no , come on , it be my mistake . watch after they , Fred be unaware that josh be go up to receive the first place trophy . ( Appendix dialog ) . also fail to realize they hate he too - because he son beat theirs - Fred appeal to other parent stand around - fred I honestly do not know . I think they be free - chess parent yeah , sure . Fred look around hopelessly as this parent too move away recount the story of he greed to anyone who ’1l1 listen . chess parent + ++ now he say he do not know , after he son win ... that 's convenient ... I hear he whisper move when he son go to the bathroom ... so mortify by the " tuna Fish episode , " Fred completely miss the moment josh be award he trophy . int . train - night 94 . Fred have elect not to stay the night in syracuse , worried ( continued ) * 94 . 95 . 96 . 97 . 98. freweed 07/08/82 yellow 59 continued : 94 . perhaps some disgruntled parent might jump he in he sleep . josh be asleep , on the seat across from hin . Fred replay the whole horrible tournament in he mind as he stare out the window at dark scenery rush past ... but then glance in at the trophy tuck under josh 's arm , lift the arn carefully , turn the trophy over in he hand ... and smile . josh' voice in school , before he drop out , Bobby study chess book while he teacher teach other thing . the clatter of the train over the track continue over a 95 . black and white photograph of Bobby Fischer , at 13 , puzzle over a chess position with he finger in he mouth . josh' voice when they tell he to put he book away , or take they away , he study in he head . the sound of the train continue over newsreel footage from 96 . the 1950 's , of chimpanzee in space suit cramme into Russian and american rocket capsule , and Boy scout with flat top take a oath . josh' voice when a science report come back to nim once with the word not satisfactory write across the top , he write under it , just as big , tough . newsreel footage of a hula hoop contest be replace by a 97 . old photograph of bald man , twenty and thirty year he senior , hunch over the chess board young Fischer command . josh 's voice he be 14 and have already beat the strongest adult player in the country to become the youngest U.S. champion ever . the train whistle fade into silence . int . carnegie hall , upstair ~ day 98 . josh appear around a corner on a skateboard and navigate past the parent loitering outside the rehearsal hall . pandolfini v.0o . I be go to keep chase that queen all over the board until she learn to stay home . 99 . feerdoed 07 /06 /82 '' yellow 60 int . manhattan chess club - day 99 . Close on a small hand on a queen , try to hide somewhere on the sixty - four black and white square . josh o.s. I do all right in syracuse . pandolfini 0.s. yeah , well , I hate to break it to you , but win one tournament do not mean you can ignore time - honore principle . he 's cornere josh 's brazen queen and drop she hard with a bishop . josh remain thoroughly unfaze . josh it 's nice outside , we should go out . pandolfini ignore the comment and begin set the piece back up . . pandolfini I want to take a look at the endgame of the final round , give I you book I x11 set it up . josh you want to go to the park ? pandolfini no , I want to do this . pandolfini take the score book and begin refashion the open position of josh 's tournament game . josh ever be to putter 's paradise ? you golf the ball into the alligator 's mouth and it come out it 's tail . pandolfini hesitates at the comment , not understanding it , before continue to work on the game . josh endure it , but then finally can not take it any more , stand up and , from memory . play both side of the board , move and capture the piece at great speed from the photographic reference in he head , replaying the entire game in a matter of second , end it by toppling he opponent 's king . josh there . let 's go out . pandolfini try not to reveal just how impressed he be as he pastes a sticker reward into the lesson book and make a notation . ( continued ) +7 99 . 100 . 101 . 102 . allo2 . 103 . 104 , 105 . a105 . aston o7 708 2 ~ yellow 62 continued : 99 . pandolfini normally , that would be worth 15 master class point , but I be onl give you 10 because you 's / be a wise guy . josh do not protest ; he 's in too good a mood . and , much as he have like to find fault with he young protege 's cavalier attitude , pandolfini can not . he hand the book back with a smile . pandolfini Wise guy . omitted 100 . int . live room , waitzkin apartment - night . 101 . the syracuse trophy stand on the fireplace mantle , in the center , as if honore its importance , or in anticipation of other . move slowly toward it - begin montage : omitted 102 . ext . train - day a102 . countryside spread out in front of a racing train . int . tournament room ~ day ( insert ) 103 . move across and down a long list of name on rating sheet , arrange accord to play strength , and arrive eventually , ' near the bottom , on " josh waitzkin " - int . tournament room - day 104 . move over a long line of chess board , like the grid of a map , before come down close on a bishop as it 's move by a hand and up to the horrify look on josh 's opponent 's face - int . waitzkin live room ~ night ( continued ) 105 . the lone syracuse trophy on the mantle now have a mate . move closer toward they - int . manhattan chess club ~ day a105 . josh build a tower with chessmen while pandolfini set up a chess problem on the next board . 106 . 107 . a107 . b107 . c107 . 108 . 109 . 110 . 11li. reviewed 07/08/02 yellow 62 int . PRESS BOX - yankee stadium - day 106 . deep in right , a yankee outfielder snatch a ball out of the sky end the game . up here in the press box , Fred grab he coat , shoulder he laptop and hurry out the door - int . penn station - day 107 . with josh in one hand and suitcase in the other , Fred jog along a crowded platform and onto a train just before the door shut - * * * ext . HOTEL ~ day Al q7 .* josh and Morgan racing radio-controlled car around a parking * lot while they father , hold trophy , watch . * int . HOTEL - day ( insert ) b107 . move up the rating sheet to josh 's name , which have rise . ext . waitzkin apartment ~ day c107 .* bonnie and katya put Fred and josh into a cab outside they * pbuild . as it pull away , bonnie watch after it . * int . pre -school classroom - day 108 .* alone in the room , Fred work at he laptop , check he watch , * gather he thing and get up - int . pre - school build - moment later 109 .* approach the play room with he shoulder laptop , Fred * take a deep breath to prepare himself against the possibility * of defeat , and enter - & scan the room from the doorway , Fred try to ignore the * handful of kid who be cry . he eventually find josh 's * face in the crowd but it reveal little . Fred 's , on the other hand , be torture , desperate for the news . josh nod slightly and it 's all Fred can do to keep from shouting out loud with glee . omitted 110 . omitted 112 . rowead 07/08/92 yellow 63 all1 . ext . WASHINGTON square - day alll . vinnie admire josh 's latest trophy , wrap a arm around hin , glance over to bonnie and back to josh . vinnie I can still take you , set they up . he hand over he plastic bag of chessmen . josh take it toa table , begin set the piece up . vinnie follow , hand bonnie the trophy like a object of no value , and the private aside - vinnie too much pressure for a kid . her smile fade as she watch he perch opposite josh , push a pawn and hit the clock . bll1l . ext . train - day blll . a passenger train rattles past a outcropping of grain silo . cl11 . int . HOTEL room - night cill . Fred and josh share a bed , late night food and televise sport , Fred 's eat from a room service tray ; josh from a pizza box . 112 . int . veteran hall waiting area ~ day 112 . adult crowd around the pair sheet , obscure they kid 's view of they . they have to jump up and down to try to read who they be play in the next round . ( insert ) move up past the name to josh 's , which have rise considerably . '' 113 . int . veteran hall - day 113 . against a banner that read , trenton scholastic primary , the tournament 's director present josh with a big trophy and shake he hand . ( Appendix dialog ) 114 . omitted 114 . 115 . omitted 115 . 116 . omitted 116 . 117 . omitted 117 . all ?7. bl17 . 118. 119 . 120 . 121. Al 21. bl 21 . c12i. povtancd 07/08/02 yellow int . manhattan chess club ~- day josh throw a tennis ball against the wall of the empty club chase and catch it with he glove , try to get pandolfini play . the teacher do not join in , set up chessmen on a tab josh persist , come on , Bruce . and finally , pandolfini get and play . int . HOTEL lobby - day josh on a pay phone to he mother - josh I be fine , everything 's great . we just check in and - ( he spot Morgan come in with kalev ) I get to go , Mom ~ he hand the phone to he dad and hurry off . int , tournament lobby - day josh and Morgan play bughouse against two other kid . fre come up with a bag of sandwich , hand one to kalev , keep for himself , and offer a third to the tuna Fish Father . the man just stare at he . int . ps 41 classroom - day kid at table make mask , ( Appendix dialog for teacher ) . notice a chess problem on the newspaper cover he table , josh begin concentrate on that rather than the art project . move down toward the checker pattern - int . tournament room - day - the newsprint gray square turn black and the chess symbol real and loom larger as if one be descend in a plane swoop past tower mold shiny cliff . a hand move one and josh 's opponent cringe . omitted ext . train - day a train disappear into a tunnel . omitted int . gymnasium - day tournament official break up a fight between two distraught father < 64 all17 .* 's to le . up +e ee bl17 .* +e oe * 118 .* d one 119 . hee 120 . ' and 121. al21. bl21 .* c122 . dl2i. el2i. fl2i. gl2l . hi2i. 122. al22. revved 07/08/82 . yellow 65 int . gymnasium ~- later ~ day d1l21 .* the parent stare down with binocular and video camera at * they kid chess game from behind a cage overlook the gym . * int . waitzkin live room ~ night ( continued ) e121 .* still move toward mantle , four more trophy on it now . * int . HOTEL room - night f121 . Fred and kalev , asleep in chair . josh and Morgan , awake , silhouett behind sheet of a bed -fort , trading baseball card . * int HOTEL lobby - day gi2l . the pair sheet go up show josh 's name on top . omitt : int . ed museum - day h121 .* 122.* josh move a piece and glance down a long line of elementary , junior and high s' board : sg . against chool kid play , like he , at opponent - less the wall at the end of the aisle , a banner announce , " the U.S. chess federation and Fidelity electronics welcome World Champion Gary kasparov . " in a exhibition of 58 simultaneous game , the famous Eastern ~ european chess grandmaster move briskly past the line of table advance piece with hardly a glance at the board . reaching josh 's , move , though , he hesitates , puzzle over he next * scratch at he hair , look around , push a pawn finally * and move away .. . before glance back and meeting josh 's smile with a pain grimace at the position he leave on the board ... t int . waitzkin live room - night al22 . there be no fewer than fifteen trophy up on the mantle now , * along with antique time clock , score book and plaque and chess literature in other language . Fred have to move thing aside to make room for the latest , biggest , trophy . end of montage revo 08/08 /82 66 123 . int . ps 41 classroom - night 123. open House night . Parents , look like giant , move past undersized table and chair , appreciate they kid 's painting and project and mobile dangle from the ceiling . Fred peer into a incubator at newborn chick . teacher Mr. waitzkin . . fred oh , hi , how be you do ? teacher I be glad that you could make it . fred I , too . ( the room ) this be really great . teacher be not it ? the child work hard get it ready . they nod at each other , and realize they have little else to talk about . eventually - teacher I understand from josh you just get back from Washington . I think that 's super . fred yeah , it be great . teacher he tell we all about the hotel . fred ( with a laugh ) yeah , well , he be pretty impressed with it . bonnie appear with cup of punch , hand one to Fred and exchange hellos with the teacher . to Fred ~ teacher you have be take he a lot of place lately . ( continued ) 123. parvrne 08 101 82 continued : 67 123. fred I think it 's good . I think it 's important for a kid to travel , it 's a great education . they realize there 's more to the world than Washington Square . teacher oh , yes , he talk about Washington Square a lot , too . the waitzkin exchange a pain glance , wonder perhaps what sort of description josh give he teacher of he afternoon with the drunk and the addict in the park . teacher let 's see , we have hear about hotel in syracuse , Philadelphia , Boston , Washington now . that 's all he seem to remember there . not the White House , or the Capitol Building , or the lincoln Memorial ... a heavy silence hang in the air between they . the woman 's pleasant tone annoys Fred . fred and you be wonder why that be . ( pause ) it 's because I be a rotten father , you be right . I drag he all over the country for my own selfish reason . bonnie Fred . Fred sigh . bonnie 's glance find a couple of other parent look over at they , and josh , with a group of kid , around the one computer in the room . she lower she voice : bonnie be josh fall behind in he schoolwork ? teacher he be but I be more concerned about other thing . like he friendship . bonnie there 's a problem there ? teacher there could be . ( continued ) reweed 06/01 2 68 123 . continued : 123 . fred well , be there or be not there ? bonnie tell Fred to knock it off with a look . teacher Mr. waitzkin , I be sure he 's very yood at this chess thing , that 's not the ( issue ) - fred chess " thing ? " teacher I be sorry ? fred chess " thing ? " teacher I be sure he 's very good , but it worry I .. if I could make a analogy ~ fred chess thing . teacher what if it be , I do not know , say .. card ... pinochle . fred pinochle . teacher for instance . fred pinochle . bonnie Fred . fred bonnie , she 's compare chess to pinochle - what be I suppose to say to that ? bonnie she 's try to make a point , maybe you should listen . vinnie think he 's spend too much time at it , too . ( continued ) 123 . hue '' ~ 124 . ravtned 08°01 82 69 continued : 123. fred vinnie ? vinnie ? vinnie 's a drug addict , I be suppose to listen to he opinion now ? several parent and kid , include josh , be watch now . fred ( to the teacher ) I be sorry , but that analogy be a very bad one , if you want to compare it to something , compare it to something that make sense . compare it to math , or music , or art , because otherwise you belittle it , and hin , and I . teacher I be not try to belittle any - fred but you be . you be . even in the way you be look at I - teacher Mr. waitzkin - fred you want to know how good he be ? I will tell you how good he be . he 's better at this than I have ever be at anything in my life . he 's better at this than you '1 ] ever be at anything . kid be watch in amazement ; they never imagine anyone could speak to a teacher like this . fred ' my son have a gift . he have a gift . once you acknowledge that , then -- maybe -- we will have something to talk about . he gesture to josh across the room to come , they be leave . he escort he toward the door but then turn back for one last remark to the teacher ~ fred chess be what it 's call . not " chess thing . " chess . and he and he boy be go ~ leave bonnie in the middle of the room with everyone look at she . she try to get out with a shred of dignity intact . omitted 124 . & 125 . 126 . al26. finioed 08/29/02 prk omitted omitted int . josh 's bedroom ~ night josh on the floor take apart old toy with a screwdriver . : josh what 's its number ? fred it do not have a number , it 's a private school . only the public school have number . it 's call dalton . Fred try to read he son 's initial reaction to the idea of change school mid-term . it 's hard to tell ; he just keep unscrew thing , take battery out . fred you can still see you friend whenever you want . after school and on weekend ... when there 's not a tournament . josh nod mechanically , keep work . Fred search for elusive positive inducement and finally come up with one : fred you friend Morgan go there . josh ( brighten for the first time ) Morgan go there ? fred he would not ge there if it be not great , right ? it 's the best . they have even get a chess class . josh what 's the yard like ? fred ( throw ) the yard ? josh do it have good stuff to climb on ? ( continued ) 70 125 . 126 . a126 .* * a126 . b126 . 127 . fievinad 08/20/92 - prk 71 continued : a126 . fred ( pause ) I be sure it do , I have not see it . I be sure it 's great . ( pause ) so what do you think ? : josh if you say it 's great , then it have to be . the unwaver trust josh place in he father unsettle he ; he 's not at all sure this be the right thing to do ... * int . kitchen - same night b126 .* Fred come into the kitchen and stare into the fridge . bonnie 's at the table , depressed , even more uncertain than she husband that this be not a huge misstep . fred she 'il take out she disgust with I on he , we can not send he back there . he find something to eat in a plastic container and pick at it with a fork while stand up . he shrug . fred it 's a great school . bonnie it 's a mistake . silence . Fred do not care for it . he take he cold dinner with he to eat upstairs . ext . WASHINGTON square - later - day 127 . ' while bonnie attend to katya on a swing , josh and vinnie share hamburger and fries from McDonald 's kid 's meal she 's buy then . vinnie what be wrong with the old school ? josh I do not know . I guess it be no good . vinnie this one 's better , huh ? josh ( shrug ) . they have chess class . ( continued ) revise 06/28/02 - pnk 72 127 . continued : 127 . vinnie they have a chess class . that 's why you be go there ? josh ( shrug ) I guess so . vinnie nod to himself , clearly disapprove of the change of school . eventually -~ vinnie be you okay ? josh manage a brave nod . glancing away , vinnie notice a larger than normal crowd gather over at the chess corner . vinnie what the hell 's go on there ? it 's hard to tell from this distance . the crowd be around one table in particular and grow . the mystery be very soon too much for either of they to ignore . it 's very unusual . they exchange a glance , both think the same thing . josh it 's Bobby Fischer . they get up quickly and hurry across the park , reach the perimeter of the crowd . already they can hear the slam of piece against marble and the bang of a clock . use he diminutive size to he advantage , josh wedge past the frame of the adult , reach the inner-circle and see : not Bobby Fischer , but a boy josh 's age , perch opposite Zilber , taki im apart . his little hand slap the piece down cut off the Russian master 's desperate attempt to flee , toppling he man , knock they to the ground . it 's a ferocious attack , cold and merciless . he 's like a machine in boy 's clothing , devastating Zilber , humiliate hin , crush he . josh stare with morbid fascination . he 's never see anything like it . this pint-size Black knight with long hair and neon - color surfer short be dispatch the old Russian 's few remain piece with vicious glee . who be he ? where do he come from ? josh notice a old man stand behind the boy , watch the slaughter smugly . who be this people ? someone in the crowd answer the question in josh 's head and it send a chill down he spine . someone in crowd Young Fischer . " young Fischer " pursue Zilber 's queen and eventually kill she ( continued ) 127 . i28. peven 06/29/02 prk continued : 7 off . he chase the old man 's king into a corner and then ... all be silent . the Russian stare at he cower crown 3 127 . monarch for a long time before glance up defeat at he young gloat opponent . boy trick or treat . josh turn away . int . manhattan chess club ~ day josh and pandolfini " exercise " with a rubenstein endgame the boy appear more attentive than usual , concen - position . trating on the labyrinthine pattern on the board . pandolfini why 's black better ? take you time . josh ( right back ) Black have the advantage because White have more pawn island . they be weak , they can not guard as many square . pandolfini which be White 's weakest ( island ) - josh the isolate pawn . only the king can save it . then the double-pawn . they can only move together , and they leave h3 unguard . pandolfini ( impressed ) that 's right . that 's very good . you just earn twenty master class point . josh hand over he lesson book for the reward . note the filter pandolfini point and search he satchel for a sticker . josh glance away to the sound of violin scale and tap shoe in past the door that have just open . a small figure step into the club and josh tense ; it 's the long -haire kid from the park , follow by he mentor . begin circle the room slowly and confidently -- eerily unkidlike at the chess table . 128. the boy -- pause to look over the shoulder of club regular his guardian approach pandolfini . ( continued ) ee + ed 128. revise 05/20/92 pnk 74 continued : 128 . pandolfini * lowly pawn ... lowly being ... * until they change into a queen , yes ? * like a - '' dimitri 0.s. * Butterfly . * pandolfini tense at the voice . he seem to shrink . this man * stand behind he be the last person on earth he expect ( or * want ) back in he life . to pandolfini , recognize the * position on the board <- * dimitri * cohn-rubenstein , St. petersberg , * 1909 . study up on you endgame ? * pandolfini josh , go get yourself a Coke , we be through here . he hand over some change ; josh move away to the Coke machine . pandolfini what do you want ? dimitri hello , how be you , how have you be , how 's you health ... any one of this would be appropriate . * nothing from pandolfini ) * I want to soon the club . actually not I , my young friend here . he gesture to the boy hover over a game across the room . pandolfini . I suggest you bring he back in a couple of year . 4 dimitri just smile . one of the regular at the other table slide a pawn and the kid laugh to himself at the idiocy of the move . everyone in the club glance over nonpluse . dimitri . we would like a application if it 's not too much trouble . pandolfini get up and go to he desk . josh sip from a can of Coke and watch from a safe distance as the boy move to watch ( and no doubt comment on ) another game . pandolfini hand dimitri a membership application and turn away to tell hin they conversation be over . ( continued ) 128 , 129 . fleviaed 08/29/02 '' pnk , 7 continued : dimitri he 's be my student since he be four . his parent have give he to I . he do nothing but play chess . no other interest . pandolfint he go to school . dimitri no . pandolfini well , that 's great , you should be proud of yourself . dimitri I a . keeping he back to he old teacher , pandolfini " sort through mail . " dimitri you should watch he play . he remind I of you . only he never give up . it 's not part of he character . he 's not go to disappoint I . pandolfini ignore he . dimitri {a whisper ) he 's Bobby ... he 's come . . finally , dimitri step away , leave the application behind . josh come over and stand beside he teacher . together they 5 128. watch the long-haire boy slowly cruise the room like a shark , and pandolfini absently place a protective hand on josh 's shoulder . int . josh be room ~ night Fred read aloud from Mary shelley 's frankenstein - fred ... and when he know that the cottage be entirely destroy , the monster scream once more in agony and hatred and retreat backward the seek refuge in the wood ... " ( pause ) then it get really scary , because ( continued ) 129 . 1 * ob ee oe 129 . reevewed 00/20/62 + pink , 76 continued : 129 . fred ( cont . ) they chase he and ~ there 's torch and - but we will do that tomorrow night . okay ? he lean into josh 's fort and kiss he on the forehead . . fred night , Tiger . josh night . the sheet - flap come down and josh stare at he dinosaur night light . Fred head out . josh dad ? fred yeah ? josh ( pause ) I be scared . Fred cross back through the dark room mutter " my fault , " open the closet door and demand -- fred all right , everybody out . you hear I , get out of there . yeah , you , too . do not look at I like that . and take you friend with you . {he close the closet door ) all right , they be go . and head out again . 5 josh dad ? Fred glance back to he son 's bed puzzle ; that usually work , the closet thing . josh maybe we should not go to the State final . silence ... fred what be you talk about , of course we be go . that 's what we have be work so hard for . ( continued ) * * 129 . 130 . reva 08/20/82 + pra 77 continued : 129 . josh if I win ... everybody 's 11 say , " well , * of course he win , he 's the top-ranked player . " but if I lose ... it will be a big , big deal . * Fred 's catch off-guard . he 's never really consider the possibility that josh could lose . they whole fantasy life suddenly seem precarious to he . fred you will not lose , josh . josh what if I do ? fred you will not . josh I be afraid I might . fred no . * Fred cross back to the bed , sit on the edge of it . * fred * they be afraid . they be terrify * of you . * silence . josh be not so convinced of that anymore . he watch * the spin dinosaur in the lamp . * fred get some sleep . he try to leave again , but josh 's word , more to himself , stop he - : josh maybe it 's better not be the best . * Fred choose not to dignify the remark with a response . josh then you can lose and it 's okay . Fred leave and josh turn away , stare into the light of he dinosaur lamp . of and out of the silence and darkness appear newsreel footage 130 . of bobby fischer return home victorious from Iceland , descend the ramp of a plane into a crush of reporter and well - wisher . ( continued ) 130 . 131 . 132 . ravise 08/28/02 - pnk 77a continued : 130 . josh' voice it take people a while to realize he be really go . he no disappear before , once for 18 month before he crush defeat of petrosian in belgrade . Fischer disappear into the swirl mob around he and the 131 . image dissolves to a empty field somewhere in Brooklyn where he wander alone , look unsure which way to turn . josh' voice but when he do not show up in manila in ' 75 to defend he title , they take it away from he and give it back to the Russians . Fischer 's face dissolves into a wide view of ebbett field . 132 . it 's desert and dark , but there 's a distant echoing roar of a crowd like the breathe of wind . ( continued ) fedeed 08/10/82 '' buff 78 132 . continued : 132. josh 's voice people say they have receive letter from he over the year , but never show they . they say he 's in Mexico talk to promoter . or in Buenos Aires play secret speed game against spassky . 133 . the sound of the crowd carry over a photograph of the candy 133 . store under the apartment building where he sister buy he he first chess board . josh 's voice some people say he lose he nerve and will never play again . some people say he 's dead . 134 . tight on the original photograph of Bobby Fischer brood 134 . over the piece , he head support by he large hand . josh 's voice I think he 's lay low and get stronger , wait for just the right moment to come back and reclaim he crown . 135 . int . HOTEL banquet room - day 135 . Bright light of a minicam shine in Fred 's eye . he 's there with a local reporter hold a microphone . behind they hang a banner tout this as the new york state elementary final . reporter I be stand here with Fred waitzkin . I hope I pronounce that right . tell I , Fred , what 's it like be a chess parent ? fred well , in my case , the hardest part be keep track of my son 's toy car . that and make sure he eat something other than french fries on occasion . two hundred kid roam the large banquet room hunt for they spot at the play table . josh find he at the number - one board , elevate slightly above the other on riser . his opponent be already there , chew he nail . josh hi. ( continued ) 135 . parvinact 06/10/02 '' buff continued : 79 135 . the other boy look ill , force a nervous smile at the prospect of almost certain and probably quick defeat . across the room near the door , parent congregate wait for tournament official to chase they out . reporter you son 's the odd - on favorite , I understand . fred he 's the number - one seed player in he division , yes . reporter so every other parent in this room hate you . Fred laugh , but he could laugh harder if the comment be not so true . he glimpsis the tuna Fish Father stare dagger at he nearby . josh do not appear at all sanguine , scan the large room from he elevate perch , wait with a sense of dread for the appearance of the ringer from California . actually , do it himself ) and be motion to a board . reporter so while the other mom and dad be pace around wring they hand , I imagine you will be off somewhere with a cup of coffee and the Sunday Times . fred I should try that . no , the competition be always fierce no matter how good you be . one lapse of concentration and it 's over . and when you lose a game here , you lose the championship . reporter you do not really think that 's go to happen , though . fred honestly ? no , I do not . josh be in great shape . he be not . he 's just notice he nemesis step into the room under the tutelage of he mentor , both wear bored expression of disdain . they cross to the sign~u ) the man scribbles down the boy 's name ( he 's prob table where ly unable to take he more lowly seat there , the boy stare right at josh up on the platform . josh look away . 136 . 137 . flevesess 08/10/92 '' burp 80 int . foyer - day 136 .* at the courtesy table , Fred and kalev watch some other parent * across the room blithely exchange summer vacation plan while * they wait for the open of the banquet room door . kalev they can afford to laugh easily , they kid do not have a chance and they know t . kalev light the wrong end of a cigarette and the flame crawl halfway up the filter before he can extinguish it into he drink . down the long hall , the door open and out come josh 's * first opponent blank - face . : fred that be quick . the boy 's parent spot they son and go to comfort he . he * seem in shock . kalev I hate this part . they watch as the boy 's parent offer he sympathetic hug ... but as he head angle toward Fred and kalev , they see the big delay - reaction smile of victory on he face . his mother shriek with glee and Fred stare at she bewilder . fred no ... it 's impossible . his attention shift back fast to the door as josh emerge . the expression on he face confirm he father 's worst fear . he 's lose the first round , and therefore the championship itself -- to a patzer . ext . HOTEL ground - day 137 . Fred and josh alone in a courtyard in drizzle rain . '' everything about the boy -- he posture , the look on he * face -- declare that some of he life have just be take from he . and everything about Fred -- he head try to shake away disbelief , the uncharacteristic distance he keep from he son as he pace -- confirm that a piece of he life have be * take as well . fred Seven move ... seven move ... how be it possible to lose in seven move ... josh maybe I do not really have it . ( continued ) 137 . feeviowd 08/10/02 - buff continued : fred you know that 's not true . that 's not why this happen . I do not understand why this happen . why do this happen ? josh manage a weak shrug . fred well , think . take you time . take more time than you take lose to that patzer and figure it out . 81 137 . josh do not have a answer for he no matter how much time he take . fred do you fall for a trap ? do you bring you queen out early even though Bruce have warn you time and again about that ? josh maybe he 's just better than ( I ) - fred do not tell I that kid 's better than you because he be not . josh shake he head in despair . he do not know what happen ; he lose , he do not win . and he feel like what he be , a loser , and fear he father do not love he as much as he use to . josh why be you stand so far away from I : fred I be not . he be and he know it , but seem powerless to do anything about it . he stare at the small pathetic figure stand stoop - shoulder before he and finally gesture he closer . lean he head against the rough fabric of he father 's sport coat . josh I be sorry , dad . fred it 's okay ... it 's all right ... it 's okay ... . maybe if he keep say it , it will make it so . 138. 139 . 140 . a140 . 141 . revise 08/10/02 - buff 82 int . banquet room ~ next day 138 . the tournament 's director hand josh a second place trophy , and jead the gather adult in desultory applause . returning with it to he designate place on the platform beside the victor of the State final , josh hazard a glance he way only to receive back a derisive smirk . director and in first place in the primary * division , with a perfect six out of * six - from dalton - excuse I , it wish * he be from dalton - from - I be sorry * I do not see a school here ~ Jonathan * poe . * the boy accept the heavy first place trophy and lug it off the stage without bother to admire it . he join dimitri who take it from he , and , as Fred watch , lead he quickly from the room like they be late for a train to the next tournament . int . waitzkin apartment ~ night 139 . the second place trophy be not among that on the mantle ; it 's on a pile of dirty clothes and luggage in the corner as if discard , undeserve of the same shelf as the other . Fred sit alone . int . josh 's room ~ same time - night 140 . in he bunk , turn away from she , josh endure he mother 's assurance to the contrary of what he feel in he heart : bonnie if you never play another game , you father have think no less of you . he be just surprised . as be you . he do not think it could happen . he be not ready for it . ( pause ) . ' he love you more than anything in the world . she wait for he to nod that he understand , but he only keep stare at the wall . int . live room = continued al4o . Fred stare , too , calculate , perhaps , he next move . ext . baseball diamond - day 141 . the bear , without josh , throw a baseball around the infield . Fred , in street clothes , hoist a canvas bag full of catcher 's gear and bat from the trunk of a yellow cab and haul it down to the father who 's replace he as coach . ( continued ) fevese 08 ( 20/02 '' pink 83 141 . continued : 141. they speak but can not be hear from up by the car . the guy watch after Fred as he head back to the cab , then haul the bag onto the field . Fred glance back , reconsider perhaps , then climb back into the cab and be drive away . pandolfini v.o. for all he natural ability , Bobby * Fischer study harder than any player * who ever live . * al41 . omitted ( now sc . al42 ) Al 141 .¥* 142 . int . manhattan chess club ~ day 142 . the club appear empty . but then , in a corner , two figure * can be discern . * pandolfini ' he wake up every morning think about chess and he go to bed think about it . he dreamt about it . why ? be not it enough to be a natural ? pandolfini wait for some kind of response . all josh can manage be a shrug . the sixty - four square on the table between they * be empty ; the chessmen line up along the rim . * pandolfini | if you do not care about win , it 's enough . but he want to win . he have > * to win . he have to be champion . and * in order to do that he have to work . which be what we be go to do . his look say , right ? josh nod . pandolfini okay . promise you will not argue move with I no matter how much you think you be right . josh I promise . pandolfini everything I tell you , imagine it 's come from he because I know every game he ever play , so in effect he 's go to be teach you and you 'il become he . ( continued ) 142. vesnc 08/28 702 '' png , 84 continued : 142. josh I promise . pandolfint all right , some new rule . no more speed chess . josh open 's he mouth to protest , but pandolfini warn he against it with one raise finger , and the boy swallow the objection . pandolfini I know you like it . I know it 's fun . but it 's no good . it ruin arbakov and it will ruin you . so no more . he wait for another nod and eventually get it . pandolfini and no more game in Washington Square . josh but ~ pandolfini they be patzer and they be teach you all the wrong thing . josh they be not patzer . pandolfini they be loser and unless you want to > end up just like they you 'il stay away . josh they be not patzer . pandolfint I mean it . josh really want to object , and the look on pandolfini 's face dare he to . finally , though , he acquiesce to the rule with a nod . pandolfini now - pandolfini line up along the border of the board in front of he one of each piece - pawn , rook , knight , bishop , queen , king . pandolfini which one be you ? ( continued ) 142. al42. 143 . 144 . 145 . revioed 06/29/02 '' pnk continued : josh consider the chessmen , he teacher , the question . make no sense to hin . josh what do you mean ? pandolfini ' I mean which one be you ? josh {pause ) . none of they , they be just ( piece ) - . pandolfini this be you - as he set the staunton king on its square in front of jo ext / int . village chess shop - day - a elaborately detailed ivory figure of a indian raja . pandolfini ~ and this be you army . 85 it sh - 142. al42. tight on other figure of the ancient set alongside the king : chariot , elephant , minister , infantrymen . pandolfini you advisor ... cavalry ... footsoldier . they have be fight for you for fifteen hundred year - first in India - tight on other figure , from country around the world - pandolfini - then persia . China . Africa . Europe . Iceland . here . Fighting to protect you . from this - the oppose army , beyond which josh , beside pandolfini , in through the glass . pandolfini this army . you enemy . order to defeat you . " defeat the king . " shahmat . checkmate . omitted omitted ' omitted peer 143 . 144 . 145 . ee ob ok hee 146 . 147 . 148. pavin 08/25/82 prk 86 int . josh 's room ~ dawn 146 . a alarm clock sound . as a small hand reach out from the fort to shut it off . pandolfini v.o. now . think before you answer ~- omitted 147 . int . live room ~ early morning 148 . ~ a bigger hand come away from the crown of the staunton king set on its square in front of josh . the rest of the board be empty . pandolfini what 's the shortest path to the last rank ? josh be still in he pajamas , sleep still in he eye . josh straight ahead . pandolfini how many move be that ? josh Seven . pandolfini Count they out loud . show I . josh . otouch each square ) one , two , three , four , five , six , seven . pandolfini that 's the shortest . josh yes . pandolfini any other path be longer . josh yes . pandolfini you be sure . josh yes . ( continued ) +e +e eee of of pevreed 07/21/92 - GREEN 87 148 . continued : 148 . pandolfiwi grasp the king and slap it down across the square on several diagonal , reach the back row in seven move every time - 4 pandolfini one , two , three , four , five , six , seven - one , two , three , four , five , six , seven ~ one , two , three , four , five , six , seven ~- josh stare at the board as if for the first time , as if he 's never play the game before , as if he know nothing about the game . from behind come a tinkling of musical note ; he little sister have just wander in through the swinging kitchen door with a push toy . she 's gather up from behind by Fred who shrug a apology before whisk she out of the room ~ 149 . int . kitchen ~ continuous ~ early morning 149 . ~ and into the kitchen . he deposit she at the table and place a toy in front of she , but it make music , too . he substitute it with a stuff animal and step away to shut off a whistling kettle on the stove . bonnie hand back to she daughter the musical toy . 150 . omitted 150 . 151 . ext / int . holiday inn - day idl . from high above , kid splash around in the hotel pool . pull back , a balcony be reveal , then the inside of a hotel room and josh at the desk study a endgame position on a pocket chess set . Fred move past and shut the slide glass door , silencing the distracting laughter of the child below . there 's no " fort " in this roon . 152 . int . tournament room - day 152.8 the director lead the applause for the winner of the tournament : the Black knight from California , Jonathan poe . before it die down , josh and Fred , trophy - less , be already out the door . al52 . int . live room - morning a152 . a chess problem on the board involve eight piece . josh Rook to dil . pandolfini what about take on e5 ? * josh what about it ? ( continued ) even 07 / 21 ; 082 - GREEN 88 a152 . continued : a152 . a a pandolfini # ' you do not consider it . ° josh I do . pandolfini you do not . you be still not consider it . sit up . josh I be right , though . Rook to di 's the best move . pandolfini that 's not the point . you do not study the board . you be move before I know the answer . give I you book . josh . what for ? pandolfini give I you book . josh why ? '' pandolfini you just lose some master class point , Tiger . josh I can not lose point . pandolfini no ? you just lose some more for argue with I . he take josh 's sticker book , thick now , and note the penalty . b152 . omitted b1s2 . c152 . int / ext . school library / yard ~ day ( be sc . 155 ) c152 . josh , alone in the library with a pile of chess book include " my 60 memorable Games , " by Bobby Fischer . tiring of study , he move to a window and peer down at kid on the schoolyard below , bat at tether ball and play four-square . 153 . int . waitzkin apartment ~ morning 153 . from elsewhere in the building , a tenant tyrannize he neighbor with loud music . here in the live room , josh try to shut it out and concentrate on the position of nx chessmen in front of he . ( continued ) 153. 154 . revise 07/21/82 GREEN continued : ss t = josh Queen take rook , bishop take rook , knight e7 check , king to the corner , queen take pawn threaten knight g6 check . pandolfini yhat 's what you have do , I want to know what Fischer would do . josh I have to take a break . pandolfini no. josh I have to go to the bathroom . pandolfini you just go . forced mate in seven . ' josh I can not do it . pandolfini then you x11 keep lose . josh I can not see that far . pandolfini then you will keep lose . josh I can not concentrate . pandolfini Queen g6 , queen take queen , knight e7 check , King h8 - will somebody shut that guy up - knight take queen check , king back - Fred appear in the kitchen doorway , phone to he ear . . __ fred I be call he now . pandolfini - knight e7 check , king h8 , rook take pawn , king take rook , rook h3 check , bishop block , rook take - mate . 89 153. josh plug he ear with he finger and struggle to please he teacher . omitted 154 . the ee eee +e ee a154 . 155 . a155 . rented 00/29/02 pk 90 int . scholastic tournament room - day ( be sc . 156 ) als4 .* Fred stare glumly at the rating sheet . josh 's stand have descend at the same rate poe 's have rise . nearby , dimitri condescend to be interview by a local reporter . dimitri the problem be find player strong enough to challenge he . they be certainly not here . josh find the placard with he number on it at a table on the floor , up on a platform at the number - one board sit young poe , wait for he next victim . pandolfini v.0 . * do you know what the word " contempt " * mean ? _ * omitted ( now sc . 152 ) 155 . * int . live room - morning a155 . josh do not , shake he head . Fifteen man on the chessboard * now . * pandolfini it 's to think of other as be beneath you , to be unworthy of be in the same room with you . josh I do not feel that . pandolfini . well , you have better start because if you do not think it 's part of win you be wrong . you have to have contempt for you opponent . you have to hate then . ' josh but I do not . pandolfini they hate you . they hate you , josh . * josh * I do not hate they . * pandolfini look at I . Bobby Fischer hold the world in contempt . josh be ifm not hin . pandolfini you be tell I . b155 . 156 . 157 . 158. 159 . 160 . a160 . b160 . fevenec 08 ( 20/82 '' prk , 9 1 ext . STREET / WASHINGTON square - day ( be b152 ) b155 .* come past the park ~ not through it - bonnie watch josh watch - and with shing he could join - the hustler across the street in the chess circle . he look up at she ; she really want to say yes . but do not . keeps walk , hold katya 's hand . ( now sc. 155 ) omitted omitted int . waitzkin live room ~ day the bass of the music waft up from downstairs . as Fred traipse down the stair , josh and pandolfini be reveal separate by two army , black and white , face one another across the checker field . pandolfini White 's move , . josh know that , nod to himself , do not move . pandolfini can we expect it anytime soon ? int / ext . waitzkin apartment - moment later ~ day Fred emerge from the building , come around and down the step : to the basement apartment and pound on the door . int . waitzkin live room - continued aw josh 's eye lift from the chessmen to he teacher and consider he for a long moment . josh how many point be it worth ? pandolfini almost smile , recognize the chesslike problem ss 156 . 157 . 158. 159 . 160 . ss 160 . josh be set up , the battle of will they be about to engage in , and know he can win it . pandolfini to make the open move ? josh nod . ext . waitzkin live room - continued B Fred pound harder . no one answer . he scream at the door - fred shut_up_in there ! 160 . * ee * ee * of previsa 08/29/82 + pin 92 161 . int . waitzkin live room - continued 161 .* pandolfini debate which way to play it . * pandolfini forget the point . josh but how much be it worth if I do it ? '' pandolfini do it for its own sake . do it for the * love of the game . * josh I want to know how close I be to * get the certificate . pandolfini forget the certificate . josh but I want to know . pandolfini I do not know . josh what do you mean you do not know ? pandolfini I do not care . josh I do not understand . pandolfini not another word . josh ( long pause ) & I want to win the certificate . pandolfini forget the certificate , it do not mean * anything . it 's a piece of paper . it 's a xerox of a piece of paper . here , you * want it ? he dig one out of he briefcase and toss it onto the table . * pandolfini here , fi11 it out . there 's you certificate . you want another ? you % want ten ? I have get a briefcase full of they , they mean nothing . it 's , ' white 's move . ; ( continued ) 161. 162. 163. previnad 06/29/02 pnk 93 continued : 161. the music and the pound from downstairs suddenly stop . in * the silence , josh stare at the worthless xerox certificate * on the table . just as he 's about to cry ~ '' bonnie get out of my house . * without lodk at she , the teacher gather he thing and start to leave . but then - * pandolfini to put a child in a position to care * about win and then not prepare he be wrong . bonnie get out of my house . he cross to the front door just as Fred come back in . . * pandolfini say nothing as he let himself out . Fred stare after he , then to bonnie . * * fred what 's happen here ? she lead josh away upstairs , leave Fred alone in the * dining room stare blankly at the chessmen . ext . forty -first and seventh - night 162 . under the neon glare of xxx - rate movie marquee , fail chess master on fold chair hustle patzer for nickel and dime . pandolfini be among they , angrily slamm the piece down . ~ fred v.o . I know you do not want to admit it , but he 's right ~ int . waitzkin master bedroom ~ night 163 . Fred pace back and forth past he wife - fred you would not sign you kid up for * little league and then not get he a glove . you equip he - bonnie it 's over . * fred bonnie ~ peeve 06/20/82 - pank 93a 164 . int . josh 's room - same time - night 164 , his parent 's voice filter in from the other room , but josh can not hear they . he toss in he sleep . his stiff , seldom use baseball mitt sit on a night stand . fred 0.s he 's just in a slump . this be a slump , it happen . 165 . ext . forty -first and seventh ~ continued ~ night 165 . tight on the piece as pandolfini slam they down , humiliate a opponent , take he money , and angrily set the piece back up again . fred v.0o . you get into a slump , you get out of it eventually - 166 . int . master bedroom ~ continued - night 166 . fred what you do not do be give up . bonnie this be like baseball to you . fred it 's like anything . when you / be afraid to lose , you lose . when you lose , you get more afraid , he 's afraid . bonnie ( interrupt ) he 's not afraid of ' lose , he 's afraid of lose you love . silence . bonnie how many ballplayer grow up afraid of lose they father 's love every time they come up to the plate ? fred ( right back ) they . him anyway . she can not believe he admit it . he can not believe it . but he do . she stare at he , apoplectic . then - ( continued ) * paetoed 08/29/02 - pink 93 b 166 . continued : 166. bonnie he know you disapprove of he . he know you think he 's weak . but he 's not weak . he 's decent . and if you , or Bruce , or anyone try to beat that out of he ... I '1 ] take he away . 167 . int . josh 's room ~ continued - night 167 . move in on josh , asleep , a door slamm somewhere in the house , probably in Fred 's face . silence then . and - fade to black 168 . ext . L.A. skie - day 168 . over a endless grid dot with kidney - shape pool and high school football field , a l-~1011 descend through a layer of smog on final approach into l.a.x . 169 . ext . west hollywood - late afternoon 169 . a elderly woman tug at a hose connect to a spin ( continued ) 169 . 170 . sate 08/01/02 94 continued : 169 . sprinkler , drag it to a unwater patch of she die jawn . as she 's climb the step to the porch of she house ~- 5 fred 0.s. lina ? she hesitates at the voice and turn slowly around squinting into the low sun at the silhouette of a figure on the sidewalk . eventually , unsure yet hope - lina Bobby ? Fred come forward past the picket gate and the woman see it 's not who she think it be . int . lina 's house - late afternoon 170 . photograph , article and newspaper cartoon of Bobby Fischer cover the wall . it 's like a shrine , and Fred move through it peruse the artifact . lina he use to stay with I when he be have problem with he mother . I feed he and make sure he have clean clothes to wear . you have to remind he of thing like that . she smile at the memory of Bobby 's eccentricity and she surrogate mother role in he life . lina everybody want something from he back then . I cover for he hundred of time , fend people off . Fred glance away from a satirical cartoon scotch - tape to a wall : Fischer on horseback battle a tv cameraman with a lance while spassky sit ignore behind he . fred I do not want anything from hin . ( pause ) I just want he to call my son . lina stare blankly . countless promoter and reporter and fan have seek she out to get the Bobby over the year , but this she have not hear before and it catch she off - guard . lina and tell he what ? ( continued ) 170 . 171 . pervioe 08/01/82 95 continued : 170 . fred I do not know . he really do not know . he 's not at all sure why he fly this three thousand mile in the first place . he 's in crisis ; that 's all he know . fred he 's a inspiration to the most talented young player in the world . they study while they friend be out play because they want to be like he . he 's God to they . nothing from she ... until a slow nod . lina that 's right . leave it at that . go home . fred I can not . she consider he not without sympathy ; it 's mix though with the belief that he 's better off not know . fred if you have any idea where he be , please tell I . Long silence . ext . downtown L.A. - day 171 . skid row . Fred move uneasily past porno shop and board - up window . _lina v.0 . for the last fifteen year , Bobby 's wander the street of downtown L.A. hide out under assume name . move past drunk and junky huddle in doorway , Fred search they face . lina v.0o . sometimes he have a red beard . sometimes he 's clean-shaven . his hair 's recede and he favor one side of he mouth . 172 . 173. 174 . prevtoacd 06/01/02 96 int . skid row HOTEL - day 172 . Fred approach the registration desk , which be more like a cage , and show the clerk the picture of Fischer with he head in he hand . lina v.0o . he have the filling in he tooth remove because he hear about a in World War ii with a metal plate in he head who be always pick up vibration . ext . mcarthur park - day 173 . against a backdrop of mexican bar and restaurant and clinic with big sign promise the end to you physical woe , Fred stand amidst a group of local chess hustler . hustler 1 I see he in pasadena hand out religious pamphlet on a street corner . hustler 2 no , man , he 's in d.c , , I just - hustler 1 I go up to he and say , " Bobby , what the fuck be you do , you look awful . " hustler 3 I see he hang out at a Nazi bookstore in inglewood . he have a discount there . hustler 1 . he pretend it be not he . but it be he , mole and all . a ext . skid row = day 174 . Fred 's glance shift from a wino pass out on the sidewalk to a guy on a street corner peddle revelation - doom . lina v.0o . he sleep late , get up in the afternoon and ride bus around the city listen to talk show on a transistor radio . sometimes he go to the beach to look at girl . sometimes to the library to gather evidence for he ~ shhhh ~ political theory . ( continued ) 174 . 175 . 176 . flavia 08 729/82 '' pi 97 continued : 174 . Fred step past another drunk and disappear inside another cheap hotel . lina v.o . but none of that matter . it 's the * night that matter . at night , all * night , in one cheap hotel room or another , he play chess . alone . int . lina 's house - continued - late afternoon 175 . Fred stare nonpluse at the woman who use to take care of Fischer . eventually - fred what happen to he ? lina what do you mean ? fred I mean , what happen to he ? lina . nothing . this be what he like to do . he 's not interested in anything else and never have be . int . lobby , skid row HOTEL ( 2 ) ~ night 176 .* a clerk leaf through registration card . Fred wait , expect nothing . the clerk step away from he desk . as he come over , Fred turn to leave - ee fred * thanks . e clerk * twenty-nine . * Fred stop , turn back but can only stare at the clerk for * several moment . finally - * fred id what ? * clerk 3 room twenty -nine . 4 fred 's Robert James . 4 clerk 3 room twenty -nine . q as Fred turn to go up the stair - tight on the registration i card fill out by " Robert James . " 1 177 . 178. farinas 08/28/02 - prk 98 int . skid row HOTEL ( 2 ) ~ night 177 .* % Fred move past door lining either side of a long grim hallway , look for room 29 , pass lower number , glimpsing resident beyond the few door that be ajar . lina v.o . he grow up study chess alone in he room , and still be . so what if there 's roach in the sink , or the window , if there be one , look out on a alley ? what 's that get to do with genius ? or happiness ? he reach a intersect hallway that seem to lead only to a exit , turn back , find himself lose in the maze of hallway . the number do not seem to correspond to any logic . he come down .a darker hall lead to another . at the end of that one stand a black door . he approach it slowly . room 29 . lina v.0o . at a press conference once , spassky say , " chess be like life , " and turn to Bobby expect he to agree . but Bobby disagree . " chess be not like life , " he say . " chess be life . " he can hear sound from within room 29 . in fact , it 's all he can hear . he stare at the door , at the number . he glance off to another sound , from another room , hear all the sound of the resident , the tv 's , the radio , the yell , and wonder what the hell he 's do here . he turn and leave . int . waitzkin apartment - late afternoon 178 . the lock turn on the door to the apartment . Fred step inside with he bag , exhaust and depressed from he trip to California . his daughter come to he for a hug . his wife oesn . fred where 's josh , in he room ? I need to talk to he . bonnie yeah , he 's in he room . fred what 's the matter ? ( she do not answer ) what . bonnie ( pause ) go see you son . tee oe ee + ee eee ee ee 179 . revise 08/29/82 : pink 99 int . josh 's room ~ late afternoon 179 . % Fred push the door open . nothing obstruct it ; there 's no junk on the floor . thing have be put away . it 's clean , Fred approach the fort ~ fred josh ? josh o.s. shhh . Fred part the sheet hang from the bunk . josh be inside with a empty chessboard , study the square , note move on a score sheet , stare back down again . fred how you do ? josh shhh . Fred watch he son stare at the board , scribbling the move , stare back down . fred look at I , josh . josh glance up , but he eye reveal little expression . they seem dead . fred you do not have to do this anymore . you can give it up and it 's all right with I . in fact , I want you to give it up . josh how can I do that ? fred what do you mean , you just do it . josh but I have to win . fred no , that 's what I be say , you do not . josh ( pause ) but you tell I I do . fred I be tell you now you do not . ( continued ) * ee 179 . 180 . reread 08/20/02 - pk 100 continued : 179 . josh but I do . j] do . Fred consider he for a long moment , stare at he like he 's someone he no longer recognize . josh I have to . josh glance down again at the empty board . silence ... ext . roof patio ~ night 180 . Fred out on the patio in a weathered chair , alone in the dark , stare out at the light of greenwich Village . bonnie sit down beside he . they do not speak . until - bonnie I take it you do not find hin . it seem so long ago Fred set out to find Fischer , but it be only yesterday . fred I do . bonnie you be kid . what be he like ? what do he say ? fred he 's get nothing to say to josh or anyone else . he stare out at the arch de triumph of Washington Square , small in the distance , light up against the night . 181 . previa 08/29/02 pnr 101 int . waitzkin apartment - morning 181 . josh wake to a muffle sound outside he room , a kind of clinking of metal . he crawl out of bed and pad down the stair to find he father in the live room put the trophy lining the mantle into a cardboard box . fred good morning . josh watch he father finish load the box , carry it past he up the stair . sleepy but curious , he follow , come to he doorway and look in at he dad clear a place ona book shelf and lining the trophy up . once they be all there , Fred glance over . fred this belong to you , revraed 06 01.82 102 182 . ( now sc . a184 ) 182 . 183 . ext . WASHINGTON square - day 183 . Fred lead he son into the park through the portal of the arch de triumph . the regular at the chess table see he come and suspend they game . josh glance down the line of table for some sign of vinnie , but he be not at he usual place . vinnie 0o.s. hey , fish . josh turn and see vinnie emmerge from the tree , have just urinate there . he look like hell but there 's a faint smile on he face . vinnie that 's right , I be talk to you . vinnie sit down at he table . there 's no one opposite he . josh glance to he dad , who nod , yeah , go ahead , and he approach the table - hard CUT to : 184 . ext . WASHINGTON square - later ~ day 184 . Fred have hand over the rein of josh 's chess education to the hustler in the park . gather around a table , they and Fred watch he play blitz against vinnie . vinnie what 's that ? josh wilk - barre attack . vinnie wilk - barre attack , where have you learn that , from a book ? josh from my teacher . vinnie well , forget it , and play like you use to , from the gut . get you pawn roll on the queenside and come after I . a184 . bls4 . arrennc 08 09/82 103 int . dalton school classroom = day a184 . dalton 's chess instructor , svetozar jovanovic , lecture he oung student use a demonstration board . on the chalkboard it hang from be write - wo - j.r. capablanca vs. B - mattison - carlsbad , 1923 ( nimzo-indian Defense ) josh come in late , interrupt the lecture , and hand the teacher a note . he take a look at it , then at the boy . jovanovic be not you play in the national next month ? josh yes , sir . jovanovic then I do not understand this . josh neither do i. josh shrug . jovanovic fold the note and set it on he desk but continue stare at it confuse . jovanovic well , I guess you be excuse then . josh take a seat away from the other kid , and shrug in response to Morgan 's Silent query , what give ? as jovanovic continue he lecture , josh search he backpack for something to do while he do not play chess and find some pack of baseball card . ext . WASHINGTON square ~ day b1e4 . josh and vinny hand darting around the board . a larger crowd than before have gather to watch . vinnie I see now he do not teach you to win , he teach you how not to lose . you be play not to lose , that 's nothing to @ proud of . you have to risk lose . you have to risk everything . you have to go to the edge of defeat . that 's where you want to be . on the edge . josh but - ( continued ) b1l84 . 185 . 186 . 187 . a187 . perveme 08/01 oe 104 continued : b1s4 , vinnie but what - move . josh slam another piece down and hit the clock . vinnie counter and josh counter he , slam . int . car dealership ~ day 185 . Fred and josh wander through the showroom pretend they be interested in buy a car . salesman can I help you ? fred in a minute - we be just look around first . salesman take you time . 1/11 be right over here . he point to the sale office across the room before head over to they . Fred exchange a conspiratorial glance with josh before load up on brochure . omitted 186 . omitted 187 . ext . WASHINGTON square ~ day a187 . josh play blitz against vinnie again . the crowd of spectator have grow larger . vinnie never play the board , always the man . play the man play the board , play I , I be you opponent , you have to beat I , not the board , beat I . josh but you be not who I have to ( play ) vinnie ( interrupt ) I do not care , you be play I now . now move . josh move and hit the clock , anticipate vinnie 's next move and move again before vinnie 's piece be down . 188. 189 . frere 08:01 /82 105 ext . empty schoolyard - day 188 . train wheel and a wrench on the asphalt . Fred run alongside josh 's bike , hand on the back of the seat , steadying it as josh pedal and steer . josh maybe we should do this after the national . . fred keep pedale . josh I could crack my head open . you say that . fred do I ? the two - wheeler_pulls away from Fred 's grasp . josh dad ? be you there ? fred do not look back . josh dad - ? Fred watch with pride ( and horror ) as the bike careen around the yard . ext . WASHINGTON square - day 189 , twenty people around the table now watch josh and vinnie . vinnie better . move. ( slam ) good . do not think . move . another hustler notice another smoking a joint . hustler put that out , man , josh be play , show some respect , ( continued ) 189 . 190 . rare 08 01 92 106 continued : 139 , vinnie ( slam ) better. ( slam ) better. ( slam ) good . . ( slam ) move. ( slam ) good. josh mate. vinnie yeah ! int . newspaper office - night 190 . silence except for the tapping of key . virtually alone in the place , work late at he computer , Fred notice a figure appear in the reflection in the screen . turn in he chair , he consider pandolfini for several moment . fred hello , Bruce . pandolfint how 's it go ? fred all right . Fred gesture to a chair , but pandolfini remain stand . pandolfint how 's josh ? fred he 's good . pandolfini _ still plan to go to Chicago for the - fred yeah . they nod at each other . pandolfini shift around a little uncomfortably . ( continued ) aeneas 08701 2 107 190 . continued : 190 . pandolfini I have see you both at the park . fred yeah , we have be hang out there a lot . pandolfinti - ( pause ) you think that 's a good idea . fred yeah , I do . he ' 's play better than ever . pandolfini how would you know that ? of course , Fred can not know it . there 's no way he can follow the intricacy of josh 's game . fred you / be right , I do not know . what I know be that he like play again for the first time in a long time . pandolfini 's shrug wholly discount the importance of the remark . eventually - pandolfini I know you think what you be do be the best thing for hin . but I get to tell you I think you be set he u for the biggest disappointment '' of he life . silence . Fred shrug to say , well , that may be , but there 's nothing else I can do . pandolfini that kid from California be not spend he afternoon riding bike and play pac man , I guarantee you that . fred I be do the only thing I know how to do for josh . TI do not know what else to do . pandolfini do not let he go down there to lose , that 's what you can do for he . you be he father , forbid it . Fred think about it , have think about it , think of nothing ( continued ) 190 . 191 . 192 . aaty 08;0 '' g2 108 continued : 190 . else almost every waking minute ... but finally shake he head . fred I can not do that . pandolfini Fred , he 's go to get kill and there 's not go to be much leave of hin . fred there be not before . pandolfini no . no , this be different . you have no idea what a fall like this can do to you . Fred consider the dishevel chess teacher stand before he for a long moment . fred I think I do . Long silence . fred you know what ? you should come down with we . I know it have mean a lot to he to have you there . pandolfini glance away , then back finally , and offer the same shake of the head . pandolfini that I can not do . Fred 's shrug say , well , then that 's that . pandolfini wait around a moment more for a sign that Fred might reconsider what he 's say , but when it do not come , he turn and leave . Fred watch he disappear . fade to black ext . chicago - day 191 . the Chicago skyline jut up into a haze of smog . int . HOTEL banquet room - day 192 . descend from a great height , two hundred identical chess board in a desert room be eventually obscure by the crown of a single king . 193 . 194 . 195 . rerrped 08,0102 109 ext . HOTEL , chicago = day 193 . a large banner drape across the entrance of a hotel ripple in the breeze - national scholastic chess championship . a taxi pull up and deliver Fred , bonnie , josh , katya and , straggling out last , vinnie . int . HOTEL lobby - day 194 . a clerk call out room number to a bellboy as she hand Fred and vinnie key and a uneasy smile . clerk welcome to Chicago . across the lobby , kalev quizze Morgan on obscure opening from a Russian chess encyclopedia . josh hi , Morgan . morgan josh , where you be ? " josh fishing . he pull out a snapshot of himself and he dad on a dock , pose with a big fish , and hand it to he friend . morgan whoa , look at this . he show the picture to he dad who stare at it dumbly . josh no chess board , no chess book - I be not allow to even talk about chess . just fish . for two week . ( to kalev ) it be my dad 's idea . kalev nod absently . as the boy huddie to admire the picture more closely , Fred wander over . kalev fishing ? Fred shrug , not at all sure it be a wise move take josh fishing before the biggest tournament of he life . int . HOTEL room - day 195 . the bellboy open connect door to adjein room . katya 's as excited as josh use to be , run around check thing ( continued ) fevieed 09/01/22 - white 110 195 . continued : 195 . out . Fred tip the guy and glance over to vinnie , wonder perhaps if he 's think about steal something . vinnie very nice . 196 . int . banquet room - later ~ day 196 . kid stream into the room with great decorum and search out they place at the table , against a backdrop of trophy , the tournament 's director squint into the light of a minicam . reporter the 400 young player find they seat behind I represent some of the strongest chess mind of any age in the country . travel from as far away as Alaska and Hawaii , they have come here to compete against each other over the course of the next two long grueling day . to become the National Champion , one must win all seven game , I understand . director that 's right , Bob . reporter this be donovan clennan , director of the National scholastic championship . tell I , be the next Bobby Fischer somewhere in this room ? the director try to laugh good - naturedly at this , the lamest and most often ask question . 197 . int . lobby ~ same time ~- day 197 . close -circuit moniter feature the number- one board and two * empty chair . * here in the lobby , parent banish from the play room mili around wait with equal dread for the beginning of the first round . ( continued ) 197 . 198. 199 . paevine 00/01/82 white ill continued : 197 . fred this girl you be play be rank 82nd . get through it quick so you * can rest before the next round . 1/11 see you in a little while . * * josh neds , okay , start to go , then glance back at he father 's voice - .- ad fred josh ... good luck . * Fred watch with dread as he son disappear into the play room , then join bonnie , katya and vinnie on a bench . fred he 's all alone . int . banquet room - day 198 . josh take a seat opposite a girl he age and wait for the tournament director 's signal to begin . as the room quiet down he wave to Morgan at a nearby table , then glance up to the platform and the number - one board and poe. silence ... director start you clock . two hundred white pawn click against two hundred board as two hundred clock start tick . int . lobby - day 199 . Fred stir cremora in a cup of coffee at a courtesy table . * a chess mother come over and fill a cup from the urn . * 82nd mother : you son 's a excellent player . fred thank you . 82nd mother I be afraid my daughter do not stand a chance against he . she 's only rank 82nd . fred be that right ? 82nd ? I be sure she 's very good anyway . ( continued ) rvtnend 09/05 702 '' white 112 199 . continued : 199 . 82nd mother the way I look at it , it 's a no-lose situation . if she happen to win by some miracle , it have be fantastic . if she lose , it 's to be expect . her pleasant manner and healthy outlook on win and lose remind he of he own - long age . very long ago . fred I guess that 's true . he excuse himself to escape from the woman - or himself . 200 . int . banquet room ~- day 200 . half the game , include poe 's , have end , the player go from the room . josh be still here , though , across from the girl with the nice mother and the lousy rating , concentrate hard on each move . not one of they piece have yet be exchange . 201 . int . lobby ~ day 201 . several of the kid who have finish hang out with they parent in the lobby and coffee shop . pace nervously , check he watch , Fred grow more anxious by the second . kalev and Morgan come through . kalev josh be not still in there ? ( Fred nod gravely ; long pause ) fishing . Fred shake he head in dismay , afraid pandolfini be right , that he 's set he son up for the fall of he life . 202 . int . banquet room ~ day 202 . official lock as somber and ceremonial as palace guard move slowly past the handful of game still in progress . josh 's hand slide a bishop timidly across the board , hesitates , withdraw it . desperation show in he eye . 203 . int . lobby ~ day 203 . monitor display the empty chair at the number - one board . outside , kid play in the sun . ( continued ) 203. 204 . 205 . 206 . 207 . frevtnad 091/01 702 white 113 continued : 203 . Fred 's a mess . he can not beljeve he son 's first game be go on so long , the girl 's mother unwisely choose this moment to approach he . 82nd mother my daughter 's never play so well in she life . I really do not know what to make of it . too upset to speak , all Fred can manage be a pinch smile at the woman . int . banquet room - day 204 . all but one of the game be over . josh look exhaust , eye hollow and bloodshot stare at the board and eventually venture a move . int . lobby ~ day 205 . the other kid have finish play and sit around watch * the monitor that now show , from a awkward angle , josh 's game . while the girl 's mother revel in she have hang in there this long , Fred pace apprehensively . notice the tuna Fish Father watch he smugly , he yell across the lobby at he -- fred what be you look at ? int . banquet room - day 206 . weary and battle -scarre , josh finally corner he opponent 's king . like little adult , they exchange score card , sign then , shake hand and get up from the table . int . lobby ~ day 207 . they emerge from the play room , josh and the girl , as the other kid file in for the next round . his family meet he in * the hall and josh almest collapse on a chair . * fred * you okay ? * josh * I have to rest . * vinnie the next round start - now . * ( continued ) 207 . 208. 209 . 210 . ravine 08/01/82 white 1i4 continued : 207 . bonnie be you hungry ? josh I be too tired to eat . bonnie go over to get he something from the courtesy table . * Fred stare at he son , angry with himself for what he 's do * to he . * fred it 's my fault . vinnie he will be all right . dimitri come past with young poe , look refresh and * confident . * vinnie josh ? you get to get up , man . int . banquet room - day 208 . Jonathan poe get up from the number~one table have soundly dispatch he weep opponent . below , josh , look like he might fall asleep any minute , watch he leave the room before glance back wearily to he own board . int . lobby ~ day 209 . the waitzkin camp wait for the outcome of the second game with they head in they hand , the door to the play room swing open and some kid , include josh , emerge . the adult on the couch wait for the verdict , which finally come in a slight weary nod . int . HOTEL room - night 210 . as bonnie ready a rollaway bed for vinnie , he sit with * josh on a couch . * vinnie i've be watch he . he 's good . he 's as good as I be but you be better * fhan I . which mean you can take hin . josh nod but it 's unlikely he believe it . ( continued ) 210 . a210 . 211 . 212. revesed 09/01/92 - white dis continued : 210 . josh the better I play , the better I have to play . vinnie that 's the way it work . * . josh when will it end ? vinnie tomorrow . josh wish tomorrow be already behind he . * josh how be you ? be you all right ? vinnte I be great . I be friend with the National Champion . int , lobby - next day a210 .* vinnie emerge from the lobby . * ext . courtyard 211 .* as poe work on endgame tactic with dimitri between round , vinnie wander over and watch . dimitri glance up with a look that demand , do you mind ? the Washington Square hustler shile . vinnie you know what 's go to happen today . * you be gonna have to face my man josh . * poe josh be a patzer . vinnie yeah ? vinnie leave without another word . the sneer on poe 's face pale slightly . int . banquet room - day 212 . josh have move a little closer to the number - one board . poe glance up - ( continued ) 212. 213. 214 . 215 . 216 , 217 . revived 09/01 /02 '' white 116 continued : 212 . jumpcut to josh opposite another opponent , closer to the number - one board ~ jumpcut to josh , closer still , and - hard CUT to : ext . banquet room ~ day 213 % the play room be completely empty and still . * int . lobby anteroom - day 214 . the tournament director step past a computer printing out the * pair sheet for the seventh and final game - type " waitzkink * opposite " poe " on top . * int . HOTEL room ~ day 215 . alone in the room before the last game , josh stare at the wall , look for the courage to go downstairs . int . banquet room - day 216 . poe sit at the number- one table like a king , look out across the sea of lesser human being below he as he await the arrival of that patzer , waitzkin . int . HOTEL room ~ day 217 . a apologetic knock on the door precede its open . josh glance up and see that it 's pandolfini . pandolfini can I come in ? he wait for josh 's permission which finally come in a nod . the tall man step into the room with he batter briefcase , come closer and sit . Long silence . pandolfini how you feel ? josh do not answer . he consider he teacher in silence , amaze that 's he 's make the trip yet unsure exactly how he feel about he . pandolfini scare ? ( continued ) ravieed 09/01/82 . white 117 217 . continued : 227. josh ( finally ) I can not beat he . pandolfini you might be right . I be not suppose to say that but you have know I be lie if I say anything else . he open the briefcase . pandolfini I have something for you . he take out a frame document , consider it a moment , then read from it -- pandolfini " this be to certify that joshua waitzkin , on this day , the 14th of May , 1992 , have , in the eye of he teacher , attain the rank of grandmaster . " he hand it to josh . it do not look anything like the fake xerox certificate the boy so desperately want before . this be one of a kind , on parchment with calligraphy write . pandolfini I have never be so proud of anyone in my life . I be honore to call myself you teacher . josh hold onto the certificate like its gold . he feel the tear come and reach out for pandolfini . josh I be so scared . pandolfini I know . pandolfini hold onto he tight and they sit there together for a long time not move . finally - josh will you stay until it 's over ? pandolfini will I stay ? I would not miss it for the world . gosh let the man help he up and slowly they move toward the oor . 218 . int . banquet room - day . 218 . eye dry , josh climb the riser and take he place opposite poe at the number- one board . plavine 09/09/02 '' blue 118 219 . int . lobby ~- day 219 , the same image on the monitor , josh try to stay calm under the enormous pressure he feel . station under one of the many screen , pandolfini feel a presence before he hear he : ++ dimitri * it 's unsettle , be not it , realize * there be only so many thing you can * teach a child ... and that courage * be not one of then . * pandolfini choose not to dignify the comment with a response . * dimitri * good luck . * the old teacher step away and the door to the play room * close . * 220 . int . HOTEL room ~ day 220 . move slowly toward the certificate propped against pillow on the bed . 221 . int . banquet room ~- day 221 . move toward josh as he hear a voice say , start you clock . he hit he and there 's a echo of a hundred other and the slap of pawn hit a hundred board . but poe do not move . josh glance to the clock as poe 's time tick away . a221 . int lobby ~ day a221 . Fred and pandolfini and bonnie and vinnie glue to the monitor . they watch as poe just sit not move , and the look of confusion on josh 's face . ' b221 . int . banquet room - day b221 . finally , poe calmly advance a pawn . josh counter . poe move . josh move . 222 . int . lobby ~ continued 222 . watch the move on the center monitor - pandolfini kraus attack of the slav Defense , hang back . vinnie go after he . ( continued ) 222. 223. pvteed 09/08/82 - blue 118a continued : 222 , pandolfini develop you piece , do not bring you queen out . vinnie bring she out , scare the peasant . int . banquet room ~ same time ~ day 223 . josh 's hand reach for he queen - peevinect 08 701/82 - whete : 119 224 . int . lobby - same time - day 224 , see the hand retreat from the queen , pandolfini breathes a warning ~ pandolfini do not do it , josh , do not even think about it . vinnie bring she out . pandolfini keep she back . 225 . int . banquet room - continuous - day 225 . josh bring he queen out to the center of the board and poe laugh to himself . 226 . int . lobby ~ continuous ~ day 226 . watch the move on the monitor -- pandolfini . oh , Jesus . ( note : for tv version : oh , no . ) fred what . vinnie all right , josh . 227 . int . banquet room - continuous ~ day 227 . poe zeroe in quickly on josh 's brazen queen with several man . poe you be dead already . ' he slam a bishop down on the queen and josh feel it like a stake in he heart . 228 . int . lobby - continuous ~ day 228 . so do Fred , groan in pain as if spear in the chest . pandolfini turn away from the monitor unable to watch anymore . to he : bonnie it 's over , be not it . vinnie over ? josh be set he up . 1 teach he that . pandolfini glance over at vinnie with a hopeless shake of he ead . review 00/01/02 '' white , 120 229 . int . banquet room - day 229 . if poe be confident before , he now feel invincible , chase josh 's queenless retreate army . so consume be he with he maraud , though , he leave he queen momentarily unprotect and josh topple she . 230 . int . lobby - continuous ~ day 230 . vinnie , the only one in josh 's group to witness the capture , leap to he foot . vinnie there it be ! Fred and pandolfini , some distance away , whirl around to check the monitor . dimitri , too , gaze up at one apoplectic . 231 . int . banquet room - continuous ~ day 231 . poe stare at he fall queen in disbelief . finally , he glance up at josh . _ josh trick or treat . a expression of pure hatred set on poe 's face , this patzer lull he into complacency , but he ’1ll regret it ... tight on the chessboard from directly above . move slowly up , the platform be reveal and the combatant at it , and , higher , player at other table , and , higher still , the entire room , all two hundred checker board and the four hundred kid at they . 232 . close on josh' camp in the lobby , together now and still 232 . as a tableau , face a monitor . tight on the time clock on the number- one table , the second tick away . close on josh , face strain , eye darting from piece to piece . wide on the room , some vacancy at the other table now . some kide in the lobby , finish with they game , watch the nonitor . tight on a huge white bishop slide diagonally . high above the playing room , more table unoccupy . close on fred , nervously watch a monitor . tight on a black rook slide horizontally . close on bonnie stare up at a monitor . ( continued ) 232. 233. 234 . 235 . 236 . 237 . peedoed 09/01/02 white 121 continued : 232 . tight on the time clock , then high above the only table still active , the number - one table . close on vinnie watch a monitor . and the hundred of kid , finish , glue to other . int . banquet room - day 233 . tight on the board . poe take a pawn with a knight but can gloat for only the second it take josh to knock one of he in response from the board . he go after a bishop , topple it . josh retaliate , capture a pawn . a white rook fall . another black knight . a white pawn . a black pawn . the move be quick as the player lure each other into a speed game , attack with increase and unnerve violence , another knight , another pawn . . a black bishop fell a white rook , the castle fall to the floor in slow motion , and everything stop ... int . lobby - day 234 . see it on the monitor , pandolfini whisper to himself : pandolfini that be a mistake . int . banquet room = day 235 . look at he fall rook , josh 's body stiffen a little , sense that the end , for one of they , be near . int . lobby ~ day 236 .! the same image on the monitor . fred what be a mistake ? who make a mistake ? pandolfini ( ignore he ) look deep , josh , it 's there . it 's twelve move away , but it 's there . * you have get he . int . banquet room ~- day 237 . josh try to analyze a long sequence of move in he head . the second tick away on the clock . 238 . 239 . 240 . frevinecs 09/01/02 '' white int . lobby ~- day tight on pandolfini speak softly to josh 's image on the monitor as if he could hear he -- pandolfini take he pawn with you pawn - g take £ 6 forking he bishop and rook - int . banquet room - day tight on josh search the board ~ josh v.o. - or I could take with my bishop - pandolfini v.0 . - do not take with you bishop , you need it to guard e7 ~- josh v.o. -~ g take £ 6 - pandolfini v.o. ~ he will take back with either he bishop or knight < josh v.o. - he knight or he bishop - int . lobby ~- day Close on pandolfini again , whisper to josh 's image on the monitor - ; pandolfini ~ either way , check he with you rook at c6 = josh v.o. - rook c6 check - pandolfini - and he 'il have to retreat he king , probably to £ 5 , hide behind he rook josh v.o. - king £ 5 - pandolfini ~ take on f6 with you bishop - he 'il take back with he knight or he bishop - . josh v.o. ~- knight £ 6 or bishop £ 6 - ( continued ) 122 238. 239 . 240 . 240 . 241. pevise 09/01/02 '' white continued : pandolfini ~- and when he do , and this be the hard part , sacrifice you rook - josh v.o . I could attack he rook with ny knight , either c4 or d7 but I do not have a check . pandolfini - capture at £ 6 and give check - josh v.o . I do have a check , if I sacrifice ny rook for he knight f6 - pandolfini ~ King take rook f6 - int . banquet room - day tight on josh , lose the sequence in he head . josh v.o. ~ or do I attack he pawn with my rook - pandolfini v.0o . - give he a knight check at d7 forking he king and rook ~ he ' 1ll move to safety , king £ 5 ~- leave he rook unprotect - josh v.o. ~ or do I make a king move - pandolfini v.0 . - take he rook with you knight e5 - josh v.0 . -~or - pandolfini v.0 . - and he '1 ] take back with he king ~ josh v.o. - or - pandolfini v.0o . - and you have get he - josh v.0o . I can not see it - pandolfini v.0 . do not move until you see it - 123 240 . 241. ** ee oe 242 . 243. 244 . 245 . 246 . 247 . parviewrd 09/01/82 - white 124 int . lobby <- day 242 . tight on pandolfini . josh v.o . I can not see it - pandolfini do not move until you see it - int . banquet room - day 243 . Close on josh , strain to " see " it , pattern after pattern disappear before he eye . pandolfini v.o . do not move until you see it - he can not see it and it 's kill he . he suck in a long breath of air to keep from suffocating and stand up . int . lobby - day 244 . pandolfini breathes again , exhaust too from figure out the sequence . _ pred what 's he do ? where 's he go ? on the monitor , josh say something toe the director , but there 's no sound here in the lobby . the man lead he away from the table . int . men 's room ~ day 245 . the director escort josh into the bathroom and stand guard at the door to prevent anyone from enter to coach he . the boy cross to the end of the stall , slump down against the tile and cry in frustration . josh ioca not see it . daddy ? I be sorry , I can not see it . I be sorry . int . lobby - day 246 . a monitor . the empty chair at the number- one table . everyone stare at it , wonder what the hell 's go on . int . men nos room - day 247 . josh splashes water on he face in a attempt to wash the tear away and pull himself together . fade 08 01/52 white , 125 248 . int . banquet room ~ day 248 . the director lead he back across the all but desert room to the platform . he take he seat , wipe at he eye with the back of he hand and stare at the board . 249 . int . lobby - day 249 . Close on pandolfini watch the monitor . pandolfini okay , Tiger , here we go again ~ g * take £ 6 force white to take back * with he knight or bishop - * 250 . int . banquet room - day 250 . josh 's hand move across the board to a knight and hesitates * there , 251 . int . lobby ~ day 251 . ~ pandolfini no , josh , g take f6 < * the other kid , even though they do not see it , pick up on pandolfini 's instruction . kide pawn take pawn £ 6 - g take f6 , come * on , josh , pawn take pawn f6 - * 252 . int . banquet room ~ day 252 . peer through the piece at board level , josh 's eye dart and search - pandolfini v.o. '' here , I 'il make it easier for you ~- a252 . int . chess club ~ ( flashback ) - day a252 .* pandolfini 's arm rake all the piece from the board . * b252 . int . banquet room - continued b252 .* the board empty now , josh stare at it , construct and . reconstruct , building the move without the " distraction " of the piece themselves , he mind visualize the progression of move end in , and it show in he eye ... mate . ee parvise 08/01/02 white 126 253 . int . lobby —- day 253 . a smile slowly cross pandolfini 's face . pandolfini he 's get it . fred he 's get it ? how do you know he 's get it ? pandolfini he 's get it . 254 . int . banquet room - day 254 . josh glance up to poe who 's stare back at he with disdain and impatience . poe what . josh do not answer ; he just keep look at the boy , know he 's get he , know he 's win , know he 's the champion . poe come on , move . josh 's hand move toward the knight to push it to e7 , but then hesitates and reach instead in offer to he opponent . poe what 's that suppose to mean ? 255 . int . lobby - day 255 . Fred stare at the image on the monitor . vinnie * what 's that suppose to mean ? cg 256 . int . banquet room ~ day 256 . josh keep hold he hand out wait for poe to shake it . poe ( irritate ) 257 . j. int . lobby ~- day 257 . Close on pandolfini as it dawns on he what 's happen . he smile to himself at josh 's image on the monitor -- and see he own reflection in it . ( continued ) 257 . 258. pevoed 00/05/02 - wate 127 continued : 257 . pandolfini he 's offer he a draw . vinnie a draw ? why ? pandolfini glance across to Fred , then to dimitri . int . banquet room - day 258 . poe keep stare dumbly at josh 's outstretch hand . josh I be offer you a draw . poe you have get to be kid . josh you have lose , you just do not know it . I have get you beat . poe you have get I beat ? look at the board . josh I have . it 's mate in sixteen and it 's go to kill you . take the draw , we will share the championship . all of a sudden , poe be not sure what to believe . josh take the draw . take it . Long pause ... poe you can not hustle I ... move . josh withdraw he hand and place it in he lap . nothing happen for several moment before he reach out again , grasp he pawn and take white 's on £ 6 . in quick succession then , the twelve move be make , lead to a pawn race , both queen come back on the board , a check by plack and ... poe stare at he cornere king , and time seem to stand still . a muffle cheer of hundred of kid erupt from behind the close door . they swing open and the kid pour in . ( continued ) * +e ee 258 . 259 . flevit 09/01/02 '' white 128 continued : 258. poe glance up from the board destroy . he try to make it to the door and out but find himself tangle in the mob rush in . as josh watch he opponent 's desperate attempt to flee , he feel none of the elation he think he would beat he , but something else he do not , something deeper . the kid and he parent and sister surround josh , hugging and congratulate he . vinnie wave the long -save scrap of newspaper with " josh waitzkin " scribble on the masthead , tell everyone he use to play he in the park . josh ( to Fred ) I try to give he a way out . fred I know . and he 's proud of he for it . josh 's glance find pandolfini stand off to the side ; he know too and be just as proud . josh see something else and step down - it 's Morgan , hold back tear at have lest he own last game , and he father try to get he to replay the final game of the tournament . josh put he arm around the smaller boy 's shoulder and guide he across the crowded hall to the door . ext . HOTEL ground - day 259 . from the window , Fred watch as josh guide he distraught friend across the desert courtyard . bonnie come over beside she husband and watch the two small figure move under the tree . Close on the boy : josh I know what you be feel and [ I can not make it go away . I wish I could , but I can not . but you know what ? I be go to tell you a secret . the young boy wipe at he eye as he look up at josh , who somehow seem , stand here , much older than the year that separate they . josh you be a much stronger player than I be at you age . he put he arm around Morgan and they move off , walk slowly , talk quietly , beginning to heal . fade to black + +e ee *