search written by aneesh chaganty & sev ohanian current : pink Rev. - november 4 , 2016 previous : production white - october 25 , 2016 blue Rev. - november 1 , 2016 the follow take place entirely on computer screen . 0.02 we hear old machinery waking up . beeping . a fan humming . then - desktop - old family computer the iconic '' roll hill '' wallpaper of a window x p operate system load first . then come the icon . then - the cursor move haphazardly , clicking button and select empty space like it 's never operate a computer before . but as we watch the cursor slowly create a '' New account '' for '' margot '' and activate the webcam to upload a profile picture , we realize why its user be behave so clumsily . int . david 's live room - day ( webcam footage ) 0.01 because stare back at we with a toothless grin , and sit between she parent david and pam ... be young margot kim ( 5 ) . young margot cheese ! the webcam snap a picture , and we be off to the race . login screen - old family computer cue open montage . gliding over the icon for '' David '' and '' margot , '' the cursor click on the icon for '' Pam . '' suddenly we be look at - int . david 's live room - day ( desktop photo ) a.01 Pam and margot sit on the floor . margot play on a keyboard . desktop a calendar notification pop up : '' kindergarten Day 1 . " then - file upload program a family selfie be upload to the computer . in it : ext . kindergarten - day ( kindergarten selfie ) 0.02 margot , David and Pam stand by a school awning . margot grip she backpack and wail while David and Pam hold back laughter . desktop 0.03 0.04 Pam create a folder call '' first day of school " and drop the selfie into it . then she open - internet explorer - where a old dial - up bar slow everything down . but then - youtube - internet explorer Pam glide across YouTube 's front page and click '' upload . '' close on a upload bar filling . suddenly , we be look at - omitted 0.03 int . david 's live room - day ( home video ) 0.04 Pam teach margot on the keyboard . youtube - internet explorer the video be title : '' margot 's first lesson . " desktop a calendar notification pop up : '' lst grade Day 1 . " then - file upload program the second family selfie be upload to the computer . in it : ext . elementary school - day ( 1st grade selfie ) 0.05 margot be upset . David and Pam make funny face to the camera . desktop the photo be dropped into the '' first day of school " folder . login screen the cursor click on the profile icon for '' David '' and - hotmail - internet explorer David email Pam : '' I know it 's gonna be a long work trip , but I promise I will finally take you on a date when I get back - " suddenly , David stop . delete . then : '' wanna go out tonight ? " file upload program 0.06 b.06 0.08 a blurry photo be upload to the home computer . in it - int . fancy restaurant - night ( photo ) 0.06 David and Pam smile for the camera , they lip wine-stain . google shopping Pam type in : '' spinet piano '' into the prompt and be meet with expensive result . so she filter by : '' price , low to High . '' int . david 's live room - day ( home video ) b.06 record by David , Pam teach margot on they spinet piano . suddenly , ring . a skype notification appear on screen and - int . david 's live room - day ( skype footage ) 0.07 margot , cover she eye on Pam 's lap , skype with David as - int . narita INTERNATIONAL airport - day ( skype footage ) 0.08 David pull out a pikachu stuff doll from offscreen and - david -- and open . intercut david / pam 's skype call david young margot tada ! what 's that ? david ' what 's that ? 's pikachu ? you do not know pikachu ?! unacceptable . desktop a calendar notification pop up : '' Dr. lanza check in . " then - yahoo mail - internet explorer Pam 's cursor hover nervously over a empty inbox until suddenly , one arrive from Dr. lanza : " follow - up result . " click . and then Pam highlight phrase : " we would like to see you again ... " " ... at you earliest " " ... bone marrow examination . " 0.09 0.10 desktop a calendar notification pop up : '' 2nd grade Day 1 . " then - file upload program the second family selfie be upload to the computer . in it : ext . elementary school - day ( 2 nd grade selfie ) 0.09 in a pikachu shirt , young margot ( 7 ) act upset . David and Pam make goofy face . login screen the cursor click on the profile icon for '' margot '' and - internet explorer margot navigate to '' addictinggames.com " and - addictingggame . com - internet explorer explore the page , margot finally click on a shady thumbnail for a game when suddenly , pop - ups everywhere . login screen the cursor click on the profile icon for '' David '' and - desktop David install norton anti-virus . login screen the cursor click on the profile icon for '' Mom '' and - google - internet explorer Pam search : '' myeloid lymphoma treatment '' int . david 's live room - day ( home video ) 0.10 margot play piano by herself , while Pam watch next to she . silicon valley herald - internet explorer the article date : '' October 2008 . " headline : '' market crash . " ca.gov - internet explorer 0.12 Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 5 . David file for unemployment - monster.com - internet explorer - then scour job posting , before landing on one for : '' system admin , appensure Inc . " beat . David click '' share post " and - hotmail - internet explorer he draft a email to Pam : '' ... it would be a step down in term of ' status 's but ... I do not know ... '' CUT to : one unread email from Pam . David open it . next to a photo of margot , he read : '' as long as you can take care of this human , who care what you business card say ? " login screen the cursor click on the profile icon for '' Pam '' and - desktop a calendar notification pop up : '' Dr. lanza check in . " then - int . pam 's bathroom - day ( photo ) 0.11 a photo load . with a big smile , Pam flexe . then we widen to - yahoo mail - internet explorer the photo be in a email . subject : '' remission babyyyyyyyyyyy " ext . jogging path - day ( home video ) 0.12 David record a selfie video , run alongside Pam . david ( out-of-breath ) vlog 3.7 . have reason to believe my wife be a robot . can run for mile , seemingly without need oxygen -- Pam make a face to the camera , full of energy . 0.13 0.14 0.16 ext . elementary school - day ( 4th grade selfie ) 0.13 Pam , young margot ( 9 ) , and David all make silly face . login screen the cursor click on the profile icon for '' margot '' and - facebook - internet explorer margot log onto she Facebook and post a picture . the photo 's caption : '' be gonna get straight tooth ( eventually ) . " '' int . margot 's bedroom - day ( photo ) 0.14 margot flash she new brace to the camera . scary maze game the cursor carefully navigate the game , when suddenly - david ( 0.s. ) I do not get what I should be -- the exorcist girl pop - up and -- int . david 's live room - night ( webcam footage ) 0.15 -- David scream . Pam and margot crack up from behind he . david that 's it , everybody 's ground ! but then we widen to reveal , the video be be played on - youtube - internet explorer the video 's title : '' scary maze reaction - dad . " login screen back on XP , the cursor click on the icon for '' Pam '' and - calendar Pam add : '' elementary School talent show '' to she calendar and - int . david 's live room - day ( home video ) 0.16 Pam teach margot more aggressively . 0.18 pam slow down . easy . last bar and - int . auditorium - elementary school - day ( home video ) 0.17 margot finish play she song . she bow . the audience clap , but Pam and David go nut . yahoo mail a email appear in Pam 's inbox . it 's from Dr. lanza , title : '' follow - up result . " click . Inside the lengthy email , Pam highlight one word : '' relapse . '' login screen the cursor click on the profile icon for '' margot '' and - AIM group chat BOX margot chat with she friend , all gossipe about boy . then - margot 's friend : what about u mar ? margot 's friend : becky tell I margot 's friend : that marvin have a crush on u :) login screen the cursor click on the profile icon for '' David '' and - google - internet explorer David type in : '' how to talk to you kid about - " before backspace and type : '' bird and the bee . " login screen the cursor click on the profile icon for '' Pam '' and - google - internet explorer the cursor type in : '' what be c - " when a drop-down list of option appear and Pam click : '' what be chemotherapy like ? " ext . sunwood middle school - day ( 7th grade selfie ) 0.18 Pam , margot , and David make goofy face . Pam look tired . desktop 0.19 0.20 Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 8. the photo be dropped into the '' first day of school " folder . ext . jogging path - day ( home video ) 0.19 David record a selfie video , run alongside Pam . david vlog 6.7 . do not think I can keep run , but I be gonna . I be gonna - behind he , we see Pam stop and lean over . breathe heavily . david ( cont 'd ) -- Pam ? login screen the cursor click on the profile icon for '' margot '' and - facebook - internet explorer on margot 's account , the cursor blink before finally type : '' today be scary . but Mom 's still smile :) -- feeling relieved at emergency room , kaiser permanente . " login screen the cursor click on the profile icon for '' David '' and - calendar David set a event one week from the present day : '' Pam 's estimate Hospital leave . " desktop a calendar notification pop up : '' 8th grade Day 1 . " then - file upload program the family selfie be upload to the computer . in it : int . hospital - day ( 8 th grade selfie ) 0.20 David and young margot ( 13 ) , with a backpack , surround Pam in she hospital bed . they be all still make goofy face . desktop the photo be dropped into the '' first day of school " folder . hotmail Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 8a . 0.22 0.23 0.24 a new email appear . it 's from '' Peter Kim . '' click . in it : '' if you need any help ... " '' grocery , anything ... " " '' I have not be a great brother " '' I can take margot off you hand for a night ? " '' maybe a fin game ? " ext . hockey arena ( photo ) 0.21 a photo load : peter , in a fin jersey , and margot smile . margot less than Peter . snapchat caption : '' go fin !!! " calendar '' Pam 's estimate Hospital leave '' be move to a month later . int . hospital - day ( home video ) 0.22 Pam and David fall asleep on the hospital bed , hold hand . calendar the cursor right -click on '' Pam 's estimate Hospital leave . " and then delete the entire calendar event . int . hospital - day ( home video ) 0.23 sitting on Pam 's hospital bed , margot play from the first toy keyboard Pam get she . Pam be happy . really , really happy . i/e. series of pam 's photo ( photo ) 0.24 Pam smile . Pam laugh . Pam be strong . Pam be healthy . we stick on the final image . suddenly , a cursor grab it and - microsoft word - place it in a document full of text . below the photo : '' nam ' pamela 's kim ( 1971 - 2015 ) '' David 's cursor hover for a long time over the photo of he wife . but then , finally , he select '' print . '' and then - desktop a calendar notification pop up : '' High School Day 1 . " then - Al bl cl pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 10 . int . evercreek high school - day ( 9th grade selfie ) 0.25 the 9th grade selfie load . but it 's just margot and David . end open montage . omitted 1 text message app - 2 year later close on a blinking cursor . until suddenly , word be type . what do you forget ? no response . we then reveal the recipient of the text : '' margot kim , '' now a 16 - year - old high school student . then - ummm ... you tell I ? it 's Thursday night ... lhat_happen — every Thursday morning ? David backspace he text as we CUT to a ecu of David 's cursor . it click on the facetime video icon and through the display that suddenly appear , we see- int . david 's kitchen - evening ( facetime video ) Al David , in a work polo , wait for he daughter to pick up when - int . ABBY 's staircase - evening ( facetime video ) bl margot do . she scurries to a hallway and - margot why be you facetime I ? intercut david / margot 's facetime video call cl david I be gonna show you what you forget ... so you will remember . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 11 . margot you know you can just send I a picture , right ? David step out of the frame to reveal a overflow trash can behind he . margot now know exactly what she forget . margot ( cont 'd ) oh. shit. david next time , I be take the bag into you room and leave it there . margot I be sorry , dad . david and watch the language . suddenly , we hear girl 's laughter from the room adjacent to the hallway . margot look over , think and then - margot ( to David ) I have to go . we still have like 500 more chapter in bio to study . david when do you think you 'il be do ? margot um ... we be gonna be here all night . david you know you can have this study group at we place if you want . I be a good host . I can make muddy buddy for everyone . margot Abby 's allergic to peanut . david we can leave out the peanut . margot well , this house be central to everyone 's . david you be in public school . every house be central to everyone 's . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 12. margot put on a smile . margot you be right . i’1l bring it up for next time . david great ! great . also , I be meaning to ask you about the final you -- aank . margot disappear from the feed , replace by the word : '' poor connection . '' David look at himself and - david ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) ...- take today . ding . a text from '' margot Kim . '' sorry wifi be terrible here David 's cursor open imessage and we - d1 intercut david 's facetime window and imessage d1 no problem . be about to ask how do the final go today ? Fine . even if I bomb it , Mr. Lee would not let I fail . he say I be he favorite student . by a lot . I doubt you bomb it . you work hard . and I be proud of you for that . David pause , then slowly start to type : he backspace . then try again . I - know mom_would_be too , he highlight the text . delete it . quit the app and - pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 13 . desktop - david 's personal laptop - night a hour later , David open he web browser , travel to - youtube - google chrome - and start to stream relax music . while it play in the bg , David visit - techcrunch - google chrome - where he scan industry update , open each interesting link in its own tab . then he open - gmail - google chrome - where he click on a email from a '' Dr. vadlamani , md '' title : '' follow - up recommendation . '' in it - the doctor suggest that David reconsider switch to therapy from psychiatry . but David be not interested . instead - he scroll past the lengthy recommendation before landing on the part he be look for : '' ... but should you decide to continue down the current path , I recommend trazodone . " google - google chrome David google '' trazadone '' and learn that one of the anti depressant 's main function be alleviate sleeplessness when - gmail - google chrome David type a response to the psychiatrist 's email : '' thanks for all this advice . trazodone sound perfect " when - ring . a '' income facetime video call '' notification slide onto the screen . on it , a contact photo of a man we recognize from the open montage . wearing a San Jose fin hockey jersey , '' peter kim '' be call . David click answer and - int . peter 's kitchen - evening ( facetime video ) 2 we be look at a bubbling pot . food 's cooking . but ... david ..- uh . what be I look at ? peter ( 0.s ) exactly . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 14 . the camera flip over to reveal Peter , in he trademark San Jose fin tee , flash he mug . this guy 's cool . peter ( cont 'd ) I can not remember the name of this thing . it 's like a kimchee , okra , mussel stew . Pam use to make it ? int . david 's bedroom - evening ( facetime video ) 3 David , now in he night attire , realize and - david -- oh , the kimchee gumbo . intercut peter / david 's facetime video call 4 peter gumbo . that 's it . Peter sets the camera down and - peter ( cont 'd ) do you have she recipe ? I be definitely forget something . david I might . but I can definitely tell you there 's no pot in it . Peter stop stir . he track David 's eye right back to the glass jar of weed ... that 's sit right next to he . peter oh , this be oregano . totally herbal and organic . beat . Peter put the jar away . David watch until- david -- how much be you do this stuff , man ? be this a every day thing ? it 's really not healthy to -- peter -- dude ? I have a long day . beat . David back off and -- david edamame . you be forget edamame . * a4 b4 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 15 . David open he finder and we - * intercut peter / david 's facetime video call and finder b4 david * let I find the actual thing . * peter thanks . * ( beat ) * what 's uh ... what 's margot upto tonight ? david she 's at a study group all night . * in the search prompt , he type in '' recipe , '' only to be meet with far too many result . then he type in : '' gumbo . '' peter wait , all night tonight ? five result . david yeah , I be just talk to she . she have a bio final next week . the second result be a . jpeg title : '' gumbo recipe . '' he click on a preview . it 's a photo of - int . david 's kitchen - day ( photo ) b4 '' Pam 's famous kimchee gumbo '' be scribble on a series of beautiful flashcard laid out on the kitchen top when - david ( v.o. ) why , what 's up ? intercut peter / david 's facetime video call and finder 5 peter oh , nothing . she 's good though , * right ? she do okay ? * david what do you mean ? peter you know ... just ... make sure you guy be both talk to each other , both happy , etc. etc. pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 16 . david we be great , Peter . thanks . imessage David text margot . and dont forget the trash ! peter but do not you think -- david dude . everything 's -- * suddenly , Peter 's doorbell ring and we - * intercut peter / david 's facetime video call 6 * Peter look to the window where - peter will you look at that ? ( back to David ) gotta go . but send I that recipe . please . thank you . Love you . +e * hf david peter ( cont 'd ) byeeeeeee . byeeeeeee . beep , beep , beep . the call end and the facetime video display remain as - intercut desktop and facetime video display 7 David drag the recipe onto Peter 's imessage window and hit send . then he return to finder and be about to close it when - his cursor stop . then move to one of the 5 search result he do not see earlier : '' gumbo2010.mov . " he hit play and - flashback - int . david 's kitchen - day ( home video ) 8 David record Pam cooking . next to Pam , young margot ( 7 ) watch as David join Pam 's other side . david ( 0.s. ) ooh , whatcha cooking ? 10 11 17 . pam it 's not for you . David start zooming in and out of Pam 's face . david ( 0.s. ) it 's not for I ?! why ?!! finally , Pam crack a smile and - intercut desktop and facetime video display 9 David stop the video . through the still open facetime display , he struggle to keep he emotion at bay . he right-clicks the file , scroll by a series of option and stop on '' hide video from search result . '' click . the file disappear . David exhales . fade to : screensaver - 10:52 pm a screen-saver cycle on numb repeat . over and over until - a phone ring pierce the silence as a notification slide onto the screen , waking the computer . '' margot Kim '' be call . but David do not pick up . the computer go quiet . but then margot call another time . again , David do not answer . then margot call via facetime video . a preview window automatically open and - int . david 's bedroom ( facetime video ) - night 10 - David be fast asleep , a pill bottle on the night-stand . as the high -pitch , eerie ringing continue , David remain freeze in he bed , deep in a medicate slumber . intercut desktop and facetime video display 11 margot do not call again . this do not feel right . smash to black . 12 13 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 18. over black the whir of a coffee machine . then - desktop David wake he laptop and navigate to the website for the- silicon valley herald - google chrome on the home -page , a video auto - plays . on it - int . silicon valley herald weather report ( news ) 12 a kooky weatherman stand in front of a standard weather set . * nathan wattser good morning , San Jose . I be Nathan wattser and this be you eyewitness weather briefing . it 's time to whip out you sunscreen , folk . we have get low in the high 90 and high in the low 100s for the next week . it 's go to be sunny , sunny , sun - pause . David see margot 's '' miss call '' notification . desktop he click on the most recent one ( the facetime video call ) , which automatically open the facetime video display and - * int . david 's kitchen ( facetime video ) - morning 13 we see David finish make he coffee as the call ring , but ala : '' margot Kim be not available . " David read the message , then dial margot on he cell phone . but even that go straight to voicemail . david hey mar. sorry I be asleep when you ring . just check in cause it look like you already leave for school this morning . also , what time do you get in last night ? anyway , text I back when you see this . no need to call . we both know usually you -- + h HH hf suddenly , David stop . he spot something offscreen and - 14 16 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 19 . david ( cont 'd ) -- forget . David hang up the voicemail , open the camera on he phone , and snap a photo . as he do - — text message app we watch the photo load ( a la Polaroid printing ) onto a text chain . the photo be a wide shot of - int . david 's kitchen - morning ( photo ) 14 at the center of the frame ... be a overflow trash can . text message app - friday , 8:54 am David press send on a accompany text - how many time do i tell you the '' read receipt '' register the text send at '' 8:54 am . '' then - text message app - friday , 3:20 pm still no response . since when do you not text in class David return to the photo of the overflow trash in the kitchen and open it in full - screen . then he see it . right in the corner of the frame . be that the corner of she ...? yeah , margot leave she laptop on the kitchen counter . David text : and why do you leave laptop at home ? porter ( 0.s. ) - David , you with we ? int . david 's cubicle - day ( video conference ) 16 David revert he attention back to a conference call where - david yeah . sorry . I be here . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 20 . 17 int . mike porter' office - day ( video conference ) 17 mike porter , David 's boss , address David on the call . porter do you have a integration report on the bellington system ? 18 intercut david / mikess video conference 18 david the bellington sys -- Engineering be still run test , but I should be able to integrate by Monday . porter okay . put some pressure on they , all right ? we be on a time crunch . okay team , anything we forget ? ( wait ) all right . have a good weekend . meeting participant see you / see ya on Monday / bye . as every other video feed cut out , David 's remain open . he immediately grab he phone and start dial . voicemail . david hey Mar , it 's dad again . not sure if you have be check you phone but I be start to get a little um ... why do you leave you laptop at home ? anyway , it 's 3:30 pm , a hour after school on Friday May 12th and I be just wonder where you could -- ( idea ) never mind . it 's Friday . I do know where you be . ignore this message . 19 omitted 19 20 omitted 20 * + HH hhh HH pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 21 . gmail - linux web browser David log into he personal email and search for : '' piano teacher contact . '' no result . he pause . then type : '' pamkim1026@yahoo.com . " 2,344 result . pink Rev. ( 11/04 / 16 ) 22 . David scroll through they and locate a email from 5 year ago : '' she 's get too good for I . " in it , Pam write : '' a tad on the expensive side , but I think m can really benefit from this . Fridays at 4:30 just for 1 hour . I will * drive both way ... let talk ? < 3 . " David then open the email 's attachment : a flyer for vartohi shahinian , a uptight - look pianist . David highlight Mrs. shahinian 's number and we - CUT to : phone app - moment later the call ring . after awhile - mrs . shahinian ( v.o. ) hello , yes ? in the bg of the call , we hear a piano be played . margot . david ( v.o . ) hi , Mrs. shahinian ? I be David Kim , margot 's father . * mrs . shahinian ( v.o. ) yes , hello Mr. Kim . May I call you * back after my lesson ? * david ( v.o. ) you know what , this will be really * quick . do you mind just put she on the phone ? just for a second . * mrs . shahinian ( v.o. ) put who on the phone ? david ( v.o. ) margot . mrs . shahinian ( v.o. ) ( yell away from phone ) -- Christopher , tempo , tempo ! what do we practice last 3 week ? go back to scale . ( more ) 23 . mrs . shahinian ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( back to David ) I be sorry , Mr. Kim . I be confuse what you be call about -- david ( v.o . ) -- my daughter have lesson with you every Friday at -- mrs . shahinian ( v.o. ) -- margot Kim cancel she class six month ago . beat . david ( v.o. ) what ? text message app as he speak , David scroll up through he text with margot , only to confirm that : she 's be ask for cash every week to pay for the class . mrs . shahinian ( v.o. ) maybe five month ago . I can not remember . I do not have my planner . be she look to restart lesson ? and judge by the picture of the hundred - dollar bill on the kitchen counter David send two week ago ... david ( v.o. ) no. hold on . that do not make sense , though . she love piano . David have be consistently pay . mrs . shahinian ( v.o. ) Mr. Kim , be everything okay ? david ( v.o. ) ( shake from he daze ) no , yeah . of course . thank you . David end the call and reopen the- evercreek high website - linux web browser he skip past the school schedule and highlight the school 's phone number as we smash CUT to a ecu of he - text message app - moment later 24 . David be texting Peter . just talk to school . she do not come to class today . okay . that be weird . but hold on . have not she skip school before ? yeah . without tell you . once. do-houthinksomethigthad here 's what I think remember that time in 10th grade I road-tripped to LA with Scott veltri and he cousin how -doe this have anything I do not tell eomma or appa . I be a idiot . they be so mad . I be off the grid for like 24 hour . but you do not have a cell phone . I would not have call if I do . and it be summer break . be not school over next week ? yeah . you be right . exactly . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 25 . she 's probably just screwing around with she friend . have you reach out to they ? the cursor blink . think . then David travel to- google - linux web browser David search : '' margot Kim social media san jose '' and open the three most recognizable link in different tabs , but - instagram website - linux web browser her instagram profile be lock . twitter website - linux web browser her twitter only have one tweet ( " fincirst tweet ever !!! " ) facebook - linux web browser and she Facebook ... be totally private . back on he - text message app David type : - don/t_know anyof hex evexr_since i-dont—have margot never give I they number ok well ... if you do not know any of she friend who would ? beat . David highlight '' who would '' as we hear the starting sound of a window XP os and - login screen - old family computer the old window XP family Home Computer boot up . on the profile selection page , David 's cursor glide over the icon for '' dad '' and '' margot '' before settling on '' Mom , '' the answer to Peter 's earlier question . David click on she profile . load , load . and then - pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 26 . desktop - old family computer the original first - day-of-school family selfie ( kindergarten ) appear as Pam 's wallpaper before the remain icon load . suddenly , a notification pop up at the bottom of the screen : '' you have not run norton anti-virus software in 694 day . " clearly , it 's be awhile since anyone use this computer . from the start menu , David open the - address book he search through Pam 's group of contact , scrolling by '' my Friends , '' '' David Friends , '' and '' family '' before finally landing on one call '' sunwood Middle School . '' he open it , only to be meet with 52 daunt contact file . he click through . each file be name after kid margot know and list home phone number , note about the kid , he / she parent as well as they job ( i.e.. mom work at incubator , on the same little league team , etc ) . David start at the top of the alphabetize list with '' abolt , marvin . '' Pam 's note on the card read : '' have a crush on margot in 3rd grade , parent in law enforcement , divorced family . " David highlight the first part ( " have a crush on margot " ) while we hear pre - lapped ringing and audio from the call . sharp female voice ( v.o . ) hello ? david ( v.o. ) hi . I be wonder if I could speak to ... marvin ? be he home ? sharp female voice ( v.o. ) who 's this ? david ( v.o. ) my name be David . I be call in regards to my daughter , margot Kim . she and you son go to sunwood Middle School together , I believe . I just have not be able to reach margot for close to a day now . so I be just kinda ... cold -calling ... to see if someone can point I in the right direction . beat . 27 . sharp female voice ( v.o. ) can I put you on hold ? david ( v.o. ) of course . thank you . meanwhile , we watch David export the entire '' sunwood Middle School '' group from the address Book to the - desktop David plug in a usb , reformat it to fat32 after it 's incompatible with the window os , and - sharp female voice ( v.o. ) Mr. Kim ? david ( v.o. ) uh huh . sharp female voice ( v.o. ) my son have not speak to margot since middle school . david ( v.o. ) okay . sharp female voice ( v.o. ) do you not know any of she friend now ? david ( v.o. ) that be really my wife 's domain . but I be work on it . the call end . David drag the zip file from the desktop onto the usb and the window upload bar match cut to a - mac download bar - david 's personal laptop the file download onto David 's personal laptop and - facetime - a hour later we see audio waveform as we hear the end of another call . warm fatherly voice ( v.o. ) no , sorry I can not be more helpful . base on Pam 's note on the - contact app 21 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 28 . we be hearing the father of '' soo , congyu '' ( " 4th grade mission project partner , allergic to shellfish , dad in pediatrics " ) . warm fatherly voice ( v.o. ) if I hear anything , though , I nil definitely reach out . david ( v.o. ) thank you . I appreciate that . the line cut out and through the open facetime video display - * int . david 's bedroom - night ( facetime video ) 21 we see David move he cursor from the second - to- last name in the '' sunwood Middle School '' contact list to the last name . he massage he temple , fear grow in every crease . then from he phone , he dial the final contact : '' Williams , Isaac ( " meet in little league , sweet kid , mom run pta " ) . isaac' mom ( v.o. ) hello ? david hi. my name be David Kim , I be -- isaac 's mom ( v.o . ) -- Pam 's husband , of course I * remember . how be you do ? * david I be good . I be good . listen -- * isaac 's mom ( v.o . ) -- you know I have be meaning to * call you . just to make sure you and * margot be -- * david -- that 's very nice of you , but ... * listen , reason I be call be I * actually have not be able reach * margot for a little bit . I be pretty sure she phone be dead . but just * want to talk to Isaac and see if -- * isaac' mom ( v.o . ) -- well , it 's gotta be more of a reception problem , right ? david why do you say that ? 29 . isaac' mom ( v.o. ) if they be all in the mountain . david right . sorry , what mountain ? isaac' mom ( v.o. ) the overnight trip . camp ? Isaac be camp with he friend ? ( off David 's silence ) margot be definitely invite . david she be . isaac' mom ( v.o. ) I be pretty positive she 's there , too . do she not tell you ? david uh ... ( lie ) you know what ? she do . look at she text now . ah . she just do not mention '' mountain . '' that 's why . isaac' mom ( v.o. ) yeah . they have be plan this for awhile , I can not imagine she -- david -- do you know when they all leave ? reason I be call be school have she mark as absent today and -- isaac' mom ( v.o . ) -- do they all ditch school ? i'1l tell you something , if that 's what they do , Isaac be in big trouble . david yeah . that 's ... definitely what it look like , huh ? kid . isaac' mom ( v.o. ) tell you what . they be plan on head back tomorrow morning anyway . once they get reception , I will let Isaac know to have margot give you a call . david perfect . that sound perfect . 30 . isaac' mom ( v.o. ) be everything okay with you two ? david what do you mean ? isaac' mom ( v.o. ) well , I have not talk to you since Pam 's ... a visibly relieved David laugh off the question and - david oh yeah ! no. everything be great ! margot and I be great ! smash to : be you F ****** king kidding I then we widen to reveal , David 's type on he - imessage he 's in the middle of a compose a long , angry text to margot . he air all of he grievance - skip school , cancelling piano , steal money ( '' ?/ ? " ) , not communicate about the overnight trip , avoid trash errand - before sarcastically tell margot to enjoy the rest of she trip because he 's go to kill she when she get home in the am . but rather than hastily send the message - David do not hit send . instead , he slowly highlight the entire rant and delete it . in its place , he type : spoke to Isaac 's mom . call when you get reception . send . we can feel David 's relief as he close the imessage window ( where we also glimpse David 's most recent text to Peter : '' she 's ground all summer " ) and - pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 31 . fade to black . screensaver - the next morning a screen-saver cycle on numb repeat . over and over until - a phone ring pierce the silence as a notification slide onto the screen , waking the computer . a unknown number call . but this time , David answer it . david ( v.o. ) hello ? isaac ( v.o. ) hey Mr. Kim ? this be Isaac . my mom tell I to -- david ( v.o. ) -- yes . hi Isaac . sorry to have you call I so early . I be try to -- isaac ( v.o . ) -- it 's okay . just want to say I be sorry I could not be of more help . david ( v.o. ) what do you mean ? isaac ( v.o. ) wait . do my mom not tell you ? david ( v.o. ) you mom say margot be with you . she say you invite she to the mountain . isaac ( v.0 . ) -- oh. yeah . well , I do . david ( v.o. ) then can you please put my daughter on the phone ? pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 32 . isaac ( v.o. ) ... she never come . david ( v.o. ) what ? what do that mean ? isaac ( v.o. ) I mean , she never come . I even reach out to she after school Friday when we be all head out and my car still have a extra seat . david ( v.o. ) and what do she say ? static . beat . isaac ( v.o. ) she do not respond . Isaac 's last word reverberate until - - 911 operator ( v.o. ) -- svpd , miss person unit . how can I help you ? google - google chrome - 1 hour later David google '' san jose miss person , " scroll down a list of result , and click on '' National miss person database . '' nmpd website - google chrome on the site , David notice a '' State case breakdown . " david ( v.o. ) I be call about a possible -- I would like to report a miss person . 911 operator ( v.o. ) okay . and who be this regard ? david ( v.o. ) my daughter . 911 operator ( v.o. ) when be the last time you hear from she ? 22 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 33. david ( v.o. ) she call I . 30 , 31 ... uh ... 36 hour ago . he select '' California '' from the drop-down list and scroll to the statistic : 911 operator ( v.o. ) all right . the first thing we will need to do be file a report . after that , I nil put out a call toa detective in the area , who will be in touch with you . of the 2,095 miss person case in California , more than half be still open . david ( v.o. ) okay . 911 operator ( v.o. ) let 's start with she name . david ( v.o. ) margot Kim . m-a-r-g-o-t ... suddenly , ring . unknown number . below the notification , we reveal the open facetime video display where - int . david 's bedroom ( facetime video ) - morning 22 David answer the call on he cell phone and - david hello ? vick ( v.o. ) be I speak to David Kim ? david yeah . and who be you ? I be assume -- vick ( v.o . ) -- my name be detective sergeant Rosemary vick . I be the lead investigator assign to locating you daughter . good morning . david okay . yeah , good morning . I have be wait for you call . a22 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 34 . vick ( v.o. ) I understand this be a sensitive issue , Mr. Kim . I be currently 35 minute away from you house . but while I be en route , I have like for you start tell I what you know . david what I know ? I just list every detail about my daughter to whoever I get off the phone with a hour ago . what be you guy even -- vick ( v.o. ) -- margot pamela kim. 16 . 5 , 5 . 98 pound . registered to a 1998 green Toyota camry . minor scar on she leave arm from a fracture 7 year ago . yeah , I get it . david ( beat ) right . I be sorry . I just — - vick ( v.o. ) I be not look for she breakdown , Mr. Kim . what I want to know be how everything unfold . from you eye . david understood . detective . vick ( v.o . ) and in the interest of time , I would like it if you start right now . desktop - later 15 minute later ( indicate by the length of the call ) , David 's desktop be litter with open window : fact on miss child , testimonial on runaway , and post on Yahoo answer . David , however , focus he attention on - silicon valley herald news tab - google chrome a series of silicon Valley Herald article / video introduce David to the very capable detective . in one tab - int . police office - day ( news footage ) a22 vick , in police uniform , be award a medal at a ceremony by the Chief of Police . audience member applaud . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 35 . vick ( v.0o . ) okay . let 's see if I get this right . one . after a group study session , margot , with she car , do not return home Thursday evening . in another tab - b22 int . police office - day ( photo ) b22 vick , in police uniform , be swear in as a detective . in fact - vick ( v.o. ) two . she call three time at 11 pm . Three . she do not attend school on Friday . not only do vick have a incredible police record , she 's also a exemplary public servant . in one photo , take at - 23 ext . construction site - day ( photo ) 23 vick smile widely , stand with a group of ex-convict . vick ( v.o. ) and four . she 's be skip piano class for the last 6 month . a23 intercut david 's facetime video display and news tab a23 the photo 's caption : '' off the clock , Officer Rosemary vick help build a new drug-rehabilitation clinic . " david I do not see how that last part be relevant . vick ( v.o . ) -- be all of that correct ? david yes . article after article after article , it become clear to David that vick know what she 's do . vick ( v.o. ) okay . ( beat ) Mr. Kim , I be go to find out what happen to you daughter . ( more ) pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 36 . vick ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but in order to do that , I will need to know a lot more about she . smash to : bootup screen - a new macbook booting up . who it belong to be a mystery , at least for now . vick ( v.o. ) every lead uncover in the first 72 hour be critical to any miss person case . it 's already be 36 . so I will need you help . okay ? desktop - david 's personal laptop David begin to close he research tabs on the detective as - david of course . what do you need I to do ? I can talk to neighbor , I can -- vick ( v.o . ) -- we live we life on screen , Mr. Kim . if you want to know who someone be talk to , what they be do , where they be go ... bootup screen - a new macbook a progress bar load . vick ( v.o . ) .-- all you need to do be look behind that screen . desktop - david 's personal laptop still on the phone call , David open he - imessage he select the chain with margot and start to scroll up as - vick ( v.o. ) do margot keep any smart device in the house ? Old ipad , iphone , tablet ? suddenly , David stop scrolling . he find it : the kitchen photo from yesterday . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 37 . david yeah . she do . David open the photo in full screen as - vick ( v.o. ) what do she have ? David pinch into the image until we finally see it , too . right at the corner of the frame ... david ..- her laptop . she leave she laptop at home yesterday . beat . vick ( v.0 . ) okay . let 's start with that . desktop - margot 's laptop a wallpaper of Pam and margot at the piano load first . then come the dock . all quiet on the digital front . until - ding . ding . ding . Old text notification bombard margot 's laptop as they catch up to the present ( '' where be you ? '' '' still have a open seat '' '' call 15 time " ) . ding after ding until finally - David slide OPEN the notification panel and activate '' do not disturb , '' muting the notification . the cursor move down to the dock : 37 miss call . 68 text . David ignore they , open Google chrome and travel to - facebook - google chrome -only to learn that margot 's account be not logge in . David place he cursor on the password prompt , and start to guess . aank . incorrect . then he type another . aank . and another . aank . another. aank . aank . aank . then David notice margot 's - desktop his cursor glide over the wallpaper of margot and Pam and - facebook - google chrome David slowly type a three - letter word into the prompt ... 38 . aank . shit . David 's cursor meander as he think . thinks . thinks . and then suddenly - idea . David select '' forget account , " send a password reset option to margot 's email address , and quickly navigate to margot 's - — gmail - google chrome - where lo and behold : margot 's gmail be not logge in either . David select '' forget password '' and be ask to type in the most recent password he do remember . he carefully enter a new word and ... aank . David slam on '' try a different recovery method . " on the next screen , David be prompt to send a reset code via text . David think , hit '' yes '' and open margot 's - imessage apart from himself ( '' dad '' ) and Peter ( '' uncle Peter '' ) , the rest of the name be not recognizable . but then , ding . a new text pop up . it 's a reset code . David copy it - gmail - google chrome - and pastes it back onto the gmail prompt . he change margot 's Google password and enter she inbox : 3 unread email , include one from Facebook . he open it , click on a link and - facebook - google chrome David reset margot 's Facebook password . but just before he finish , a pop - up appear : '' be you sure you want to proceed ? " hesitate , David hover he cursor over both the '' yes '' and '' no '' option before finally - '' yes . '' facebook - google chrome cue search montage . 24 39 . David travel through margot 's profile , click on she friend and be meet with a overwhelming amount of picture and name . vick ( v.o . ) someone know what happen to margot . whether she 's play a mean game of hide - and -seek ... or something different entirely . someone be go to know something . google drive - google chrome David create a new - google spreadsheet - google chrome - and start a new file . he title it : '' lead . '' facebook - google chrome David filter margot 's friend by " evercreek High School " and suddenly : a much more reasonable amount of profile remain . David highlight the first name list ( " jonah emmi '' ) and - vick ( v.o. ) almost every individual a 16 - year - old girl interact with face - to - face , she ’1ll interact with online . google spreadsheet - google chrome - copy the name and its photo to a column on the lead list . vick ( v.o. ) when I be out in the field , this be the people I need you help with . contact app David search for jonah 's name , find he cell number and - omitted 24 facetime - moment later audio waveform undulate as - — jonah ( v.o . ) -- wait , you can not find margot ? pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 40 . david ( v.o. ) no I can not . do you mind answer some question for I ? to help . jonah ( v.o. ) sure . google spreadsheet - google chrome the cursor navigate to ty 's row on the lead list and fill in the follow information under the '' last see '' column : david ( v.o. ) when be the last time you see she ? jonah ( v.o ) uh ... Tuesday . her locker be near I . David move to the '' study group '' column , typing answer as - — david ( v.o. ) on Thursday evening , she attend a study group for she biology class . do you know anything about that ? jonah ( v.o. ) she 's probably in ap bio , right ? david ( v.o. ) yeah . she be . jonah ( v.o. ) yeah , no . I be in regular . the next column : '' alibi . '' David enter the information as - david ( v.o. ) what be you do Thursday night ? jonah ( v.o. ) Thursday night ... Thursday night , I be at my dad 's house . yeah , he pick I up after final that day . David 's cursor stop at the final column : '' suspicion . '' he type : '' no . '' but then he backspace it and enter : '' ?? ? " david ( v.o. ) all , right . thanks , jonah . facetime the cursor end the call , and a facetime display pop up : 25 26 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 41 . int . david 's hallway - day ( facetime video ) 25 David make he way down a hallway and - int . margot 's bedroom - continuous ( facetime video ) 26 he enter margot 's bedroom and set the laptop on she desk . david how do this look ? behind David , we reveal vick and two forensics officer search the room . grabbing she jacket , vick lean over and - vick perfect. ( zipping up ) update I whenever you learn something . Big or small . david where be you go ? vick to find out what the rest of she Thursday look like . vick move to leave . but before she exit frame - vick ( cont 'd ) -- oh , and share that with I , too . google spreadsheet - google drive the cursor click '' share '' and - imessage - later David hunt for clue on margot 's text , parsing through banal text ( '' you watch grey 's last night ? " ) , homework request ( '' just this one time '' ) , and cancel hangout plan ( '' raincheck ? " ) , only skip the one with himself , uncle Peter , and obscure relative overseas ( '' '' ) . meanwhile - david ( v.o. ) and what about Thursday night ? teen 1 ( v.o. ) Thursday night I be finish up my final paper for English , and then I watch like 8 episode of ' sex and the City . 's 27 28 29 42 . teen 2 ( v.o. ) Thursday night ... I dunno . Internet , dinner , YouTube . send a few snap . teen 3 ( v.o. ) I just finish my last final , which mean I be at carmen 's house , play pong . ( nervous ) ping pong . he highlight the name of various contact and move they to - google spreadsheet - google chrome the lead list be more populate now . David fill out information for a group of teens in the '' study group '' column . david ( v.o. ) and what about the study group ? for biology . any idea who host that ? teens 1/2/3 ( v.0 . ) I take bio last year , so no . / I be on the chem path , sorry . / no idea . then , on the '' suspicion '' column : '' ??? , " '' no , " '' ??? " and '' no . '' int . margot 's bedroom - later ( facetime video ) 27 David video chat with '' Isaac Williams . '' david and when do you see she last ? ext . coffee shop - day ( facetime video ) 28 Isaac sit outside , history book strewn around he . isaac ( on earbud ) honestly , now that I think about it , I can not remember . she and I be on different ap route , so it 's hard for I to keep tabs -- intercut david / isaac 's facetime video call 29 david -- but you be she friend . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 43 . isaac ( struggle ) kind of . david what do you mean , you invite she on a camp trip ! isaac yeah , well ... you know my mom. david so ? isaac she know margot 's mom really well . david so ? isaac she feel bad . about everything that happen to you guy . david ( confuse ) so she make you invite margot ? Isaac struggle with a answer . beat . david ( cont 'd ) she do have friend though , right ? cacophony of image Facebook profile . imessage contact photo . the lead list . it all fly by . meanwhile , we hear audio from everyone . teen 4 ( v.0o . ) define '' friend . '' david ( v.o. ) do people invite she to thing ? on the lead list , under the '' suspicion column : '' no . '' teens 4/5/6 ( v.0 . ) uh. I think people would occasionally invite she to thing . ( more ) a29 30 Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 44 . teens 4/5/6 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) / she just never come . / kept to herself a lot . / she be ... quiet . david ( v.o . ) do anyone have any reason to not like she ? be she bully ? on the lead list , under the '' suspicion column : '' ?? ? '' teens 4/5/6 ( v.o. ) doubt it . / there 's no way . / Nah . teen 5 ( v.o. ) I see she eat lunch alone . david ( v.o. ) on Thursday ? on Facebook , David stumble on a photo . in it - ext . outdoor school rotunda - day ( photo ) a29 Three girl take a photo . margot eat lunch alone in the back . teen 5 ( v.o. ) every day . google spreadsheet - google drive '' ? 22 " be add under a '' suspicion '' column . but the rest of the spreadsheet be fill with more name . and more '' no " 's . icloud - google chrome David click the icon for '' find my iphone . '' locate , locating . but then : '' margot 's iphone be not find . '' then - epson scan CENTER margot 's yearbook photo be scan , and then dragge to a- google doc - google drive - where it 's add to a missing poster . David select print , and when prompt about the number of copy , type '' 400 . '' int . peter 's live room - day ( facetime video ) 30 Peter sit at the dining table , video-chatting with David as - — 31 32 33 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 45 . peter you be look through she Facebook , right ? be there any people you have not talk to yet ? int . margot 's bedroom - day ( facetime video ) 31 david yeah , 94 . peter I can help with some of they if you -- david -- and since apparently nobody be actually she friend , I will not know which of that 94 name I should be talk to without call every name I read online . intercut david / peter 's facetime video call 32 peter ..- what about offline ? beat . David stop . suddenly - intercut david / peter 's facetime video call and desktop 33 David search margot 's local file , scour through folder label after school year , and open one for '' 10th grade . '' he cycle through more folder - label by class - and stop on one for '' bio . '' he open it . Inside , document , include - a group homework assignment with a girl name '' abigail nielsen . " David highlight she name and - facebook - google chrome David search '' abigail nielson " on margot 's friend list . meanwhile , we hear a phone ringing and - abigail ( v.o. ) yeah that be at my place . CUT to : David scour Abby 's photo . sorority girl in - the-make . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 45a . david ( v.o. ) that be you place ? you host the study group on Thursday ? for bio ? abigail ( v.o. ) yeah . 34 35 36 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 46 . suddenly , David stop on a photo : int . biology classroom - day ( photo ) 34 stand next to a shy margot , Abby flash she trademark smile . caption : '' live that bio life #cantwaitforcollege . " david ( v.o. ) so margot be with you for the majority of the night then . do you -- abigail ( v.o . ) -- well the study group only go till 9 . she leave right after that . google spreadsheet - google drive under the '' suspicion '' column , David fill in another '' no . '' int . margot 's bedroom - day ( facetime video ) 35 David be now video-chatting with abigail . int . teenage girl 's bedroom - day ( facetime video ) 36 abigail and she teen groupies huddle around a laptop . david ( v.o. ) 9 ? she tell I it be a all night thing . abigail ( v.o. ) no , she definitely leave at 9 . maybe even earlier . david do you know where she go after ? abigail not really . david how do she look ? be she scared ? be she worried about something ? the girl shake they head in silent unison . 37 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 47 . abigail honestly , idk . we be not really that close -- david -- then why do you invite she to study with you ?! be you just use she ? abigail of course not ! I feel like we all help each other intellectually . david you be in she class , though . do she ever mention anything weird ? do something that do not make sense . she look up . thinks . and - abigail y'know , she do go on tumblr a lot . david ... what 's tumblr ? google chrome '' tumblr.com " be type into the address bar and - tumblr - google chrome David peruse margot 's blog , which feature - ext . forest - day / night ( photo ) 37 a collection of nature / lake photography from seemingly identical forest . tumblr - google chrome but after scan for a bit , David close the window , and - desktop he 's without a lead . on the desktop , ton of new folder . the cursor meander aimlessly . but then suddenly , on David 's - gmail - google chrome '' inbox '' become '' inbox ( 1 ) '' and - 38 39 40 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 48. ext . STREET intersection - evening ( traffic cam footage ) 38 Old traffic cam footage show margot , alone in a green Toyota * camry , drive through various intersection in the city . * vick ( v.o. ) first she fill up she gas . but then we widen to reveal - gmail - google chrome David be watch the video from a attachment send by vick . vick ( v.o. ) then exit off the 101 . and then turn onto the 152 - East . 10:02 pm . google map - google chrome David map the 152 - East intersection and learn that it 's '' 45 minute away '' from he house . then he widen the map to see - david ( v.o. ) that exit lead out of town . he widen the map to reveal - vick ( v.o . ) -.. she take it alone . int . margot 's bedroom - afternoon ( facetime video ) 39 try to stay compose , David video -chat with vick . david okay . let 's move backwards . * intercut david / vick facetime video call and STREET view 40 * the camera travel backward on Google streetview as - david factore in the time she be photograph at the 152 , the time it would have take to drive there from the gas station and the time it take to get to the gas station from Abby 's ... there 's still a hour unaccount for . after the study group , she go somewhere ... ( more ) + HH HH pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 48a. david ( cont 'd ) or she meet someone ? but none of this sound like she . none of this -- 4l 42 43 44 pink Rev. ( 11/04 / 16 ) 49 , omitted 41 int . detective vehicle - afternoon ( facetime video ) 42 vick 's deep in think , she phone mounted to the dashboard . vick -- hold on . you just give I a idea . intercut david / vick facetime video call 43 vick start she car . vick in the meantime , start expand from only people she communicate with . look into she behavior , too . she end the call abruptly , leave David alone . frustration with the situation be clearly reach a boil point and - imessage David scroll through text on margot 's message chain with '' dad , '' all ask for piano money . there be a ton of they . then he stop on a photo of - int . david 's kitchen - day ( photo ) 44 a hundred - dollar bill on the dining room table . suddenly - google chrome David type in '' chase.com " and travel to - chase bank - google chrome David scan margot 's account history , but it 's impossible to find anything . so then - David type : '' $ 100.00 '' into the search bar . result load and - david ( v.o. ) woah . * 50 . peter ( v.o. ) what ? 19 identical $ 100 - transaction be list on the account . david ( v.o. ) she 's be deposit the cash into she check account every week . peter ( v.o. ) the hell be she do with all that money ? except last week . David highlight the most recent charge and - david ( v.o. ) six day ago , margot make a outgo transaction of twenty - five hundred dollar ... to venmo . peter ( v.o. ) the online payment service ? venmo - google chrome the front page of venmo tell David that venmo allow user to '' send money and make purchase online . '' he log in and - david ( v.o. ) where be you , where be you ? David scroll through margot 's transaction history until he locate the $ 2,500 transaction he be look for . david ( v.o. ) there be it be . twenty - five hundred dollar . six day ago . peter ( v.o. ) do it say what it be for ? the description of the transaction : a emoji . david ( v.o. ) nothing but a peace-sign . peter ( v.o. ) who do she send it to ? David click on the recipient . suddenly , he 's meet with a gray - out avatar and a message : " deactivate account . " david ( v.o. ) do not say . 45 46 47 51 . int . peter 's live room - evening ( facetime video ) 45 Peter video chat with David . peter okay . that 's weird . that 's really weird . you do not think she be involved in anything ... serious ? int . margot 's bedroom - evening ( facetime video ) 46 David do not look good . at all . Peter notice , but then - peter -- davey ? david I do not know . I have to go . margot 's instagram - google chrome David scan margot 's profile ( 48 follower , 301 follow ) to see a variety of nature photo and selfies , include - int . margot 's bedroom - day ( photo ) 47 margot take a solemn photo , look into she mirror . margot 's instagram - google chrome the caption underneath read : '' mood . '' meanwhile , we hear ringing as David scroll to the comment , where one in particular catch he eye : '' hella fine girl . abigail ( v.o. ) hello ? David hover over the profile behind it : '' @derekellis6969 . '' isaac ( v.o. ) hey , Mr. Kim . margot 's instagram - google chrome David scan the rest of margot 's photo . '' @derekellis6969 '' have a comment on all of they : '' you know you like I '' '' dayumm " '' look good " '' - '' then David click on he profile and - david ( v.o. ) Abby . do the name derek Ellis mean something to you ? who be he ? 48 49 a49 52 . derek 's instagram - google chrome David scan through the high school senior 's profile and - isaac ( v.o. ) you think derek Ellis be involved ? i/e. derek 's instagram pic ( photo ) 48 derek be a grade - a sleaze - bag . smoke , drink , zero class . abigail ( v.o. ) yeah , so here 's the thing about derek . and no offense to margot , like none . isaac ( v.o. ) Mr. Kim ... derek do that with everyone . facebook - google chrome David type '' derek Ellis '' into the Facebook search bar and ... it 's true . on derek 's profile page , derek hit on everyone . abigail ( v.o. ) and honestly , he 's too obvious . I have be watch a lot of Netflix and HBO recently and usually it 's like , a authority figure who have something to do with it . omitted 49 int . margot 's bedroom ( facetime video ) - night a49 we see David 's face as he travel to - imessage constantly scrolling and scour through margot 's old text with '' dad , '' David stumble on a few that catch he eye : even if I bomb it , Mr. Lee would not let I fail . he say I be he favorite student . by a lot . David highlight '' Mr. Lee '' while - 50 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 53. automatic voicemail ( v.o. ) thank you for call evercreek High School in San Jose . we normal business hour be Monday to Fri -- google - google chrome David google " how to find people 's phone number online . " the second result : peoplesmart.com . David click on it while - peoplesmart - google chrome on peoplesmart , a online person locating tool , David type in : '' Kevin Lee , '' set the parameter to a local search and - mr. lee ( v.0 . ) ( irate ) wait . how do you get my number ? int . margot 's bedroom - continuous ( facetime video ) 50 through the facetime video display , we see as David be prompt to pay for the peoplesmart search result . he debate it , but then pull out he credit card and - CUT to : David wait in anticipation as the search result load and - CUT to : David pace in he room , on the phone , start to lose it . david ( v.o. ) I just need to know where you be the night my daughter go miss . it search the database . suddenly , result load and - mr. lee ( v.o. ) you can not just call a teacher at you kid 's school like this . it 's 11 o'clock at night -- david -- what be you hide ? mr. lee ( v.0 . ) nothing . I be not hide anything -- 54 . david -- then answer the damn question , before it 's I and a cop knock on you door ! where be you the night my daughter disappear ? beat . Mr. Lee sigh on the other end and - google spreadsheet - google drive '' pink poodle Strip Club '' be type under the '' alibi '' column for Mr. lee. suddenly , we widen to see the entire lead list . every single name be mark with a '' no '' or a '' ???. " failure . then suddenly - ring . a '' income iphone call '' notification slide onto the screen . it 's detective vick . end search montage . gmail - google chrome David log into he own gmail account to see one unread email . from Rosemary vick . he open it and - vick ( v.o. ) do the name '' Rachel jeun '' ring a bell ? david ( v.o. ) no . why ? in the email , a .jpg attachment . David click it and - a California Driver 's license load slowly . the name it 's register to : '' Rachel jeun . '' but the picture on it ... david ( v.o. ) ..- margot . vick ( v.o. ) you mention earlier she be act like a different person . so on a hunch , I pay a visit toa forger contact . in return for a oversight , he say margot come in a month earlier for a id . she pick it up 2 week ago ... the same time she withdraw all that money . david ( v.o. ) ... withdrew what money ? pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 55 . 51 int . margot 's bedroom - night ( facetime video ) 51 through the facetime video display , David take the call on he own phone . nervous as hell as to what he 's about to hear . vick ( v.o. ) David , I also speak to Security at venmo . to find out more about the account margot send the $ 2500 to . david do they know who it belong to ? vick ( v.o. ) yes . they do . david who ? vick ( v.o. ) it belong to margot . beat . David reel . then rush back to the computer and - venmo - google chrome the cursor navigate through margot 's transaction history as - — david she send money to herself ? what be she do , manage a launder account ? vick ( v.o. ) that 's what it look like . I would see this a lot in narcotic , but people who know they money be be watch just transfer they fund to somewhere much less monitor . david like where ? David find the $ 2500 transaction and click on the recipient : the gray - out avatar taunt we . vick ( v.o. ) the internet . 52 int . margot 's bedroom - night ( facetime video ) 52 through the facetime video display , David breathes heavily . * Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 56 . david she get a fake id , she send money to herself ... what do this mean ? vick ( v.o. ) this mean ... that it 's time to start consider the possibility that Ms. Kim run away . google chrome - later the cursor open the browser and select '' see full History . " david why would she do that ? the cursor scan margot 's vast internet history as - vick ( v.o. ) that 's what we do not have : motive -- david -- why would she do that ? Three time . she call I in the middle of the night three time . why ? vick ( v.o. ) we be go to figure out why , Mr. Kim . so what I want to look for now -- david no. no. no. no. the cursor stop , landing on a link to a website that David have not check yet and a link to a website that 's all over margot 's internet history : youcastnow.com david ( cont 'd ) I know my daughter , detective . margot do not run away . click . youcast - google chrome a pop - up banner appear first : '' welcome back , @mkmania ! " from the splash page , David learn that youcast be a live - broadcasting platform dominate by the teenage market . as David explore the site , he confusedly cycle through a- 53 Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 56A . i/e. series of live -cast ( youcast broadcast ) 53 musician strum they guitar , wannabe pop-star sing cover , and social '' influencer '' give sagely advice to the internet . and as David skip from one video to the next , he start to learn how the site operate : 54 55 57 . a user live - cast he or herself and then verbally respond to the live stream of type comment and question from viewer watch the feed . but then - David inadvertently click a button label '' cast , '' activate he webcam and suddenly - int . margot 's bedroom - night ( youcast broadcast ) 54 we be look at David as he discover he 's broadcasting . a user name '' fish_n_ chip '' join the session ... but then immediately leave . after a few moment of zero viewer - — David be prompt to stop recording . he do . but only then - youcast - google chrome - do he notice the '' save video '' button on the youcast toolbar . David drag he cursor to the folder ... and click . Inside ... ..- be 76 previously - record youcast broadcast . beginning 6 month ago , and all make by margot . jackpot . David 's cursor hover over the first one , click it , and margot 's first youcast broadcast begin to play : int . margot 's bedroom - evening ( youcast broadcast ) 55 a hand fiddle with the webcam and then pull away . we be look at margot , who 's not really sure what she 's do . there 's something very different about she . something sad . stumble through she first live - cast , margot wait nervously for a visitor . any visitor . no one come . then - David skip a minute ahead in the video and suddenly - a new visitor appear in the chat - box and - xxx5753 : boobies plz Gross . margot immediately grab she cursor , press a button and - '' xxx5753 have be block from this livecast . " beat . margot wait again . a little more reluctantly now . but then - 56 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 58. fish_n_chip : favorite pokemon and why margot lean in , read the message from the new visitor , try to hold back a smile , and grab something offscreen . margot hold on . her house key . on it , a homemade pokeball keychain . how do you know ? fish_n chip : love it . fish_n_chip : but you do not answer my question margot ( cont ’d ) uxie . it can wipe out memory . plus it 's kinda cute ... how do you know I like pokemon ? fish_n chip : who doesnt ? margot ( cont ’d ) a lot of people actually . ever since they start change the -- fish_n_chip : kecleon by the way . fish_n_chip : my favorite pokemon ... fish_n_chip : thanks for ask ;) margot finally crack a smile and - youcast - google chrome click . David move onto another video . int . margot 's bedroom - evening ( youcast broadcast ) 56 margot type up a paper when a new user join . nattyq : what be you work on ? margot , surprised . margot hi . she 's start to like this thing . click . 59 . 57 int . margot 's bedroom - evening ( youcast broadcast ) 57 margot scroll through she tumblr on she phone as - — margot and this one I take at a lake . and this one I take ... fish_n_chip : you photo be incredible fish_n_chip : you need to take more < 3 click . 58 int . margot 's bedroom - evening ( youcast broadcast ) 58 margot talk to the camera at she desk . margot how be it that we do not know each other 's name yet ? fish_n_chip : i have be think the same thing . margot ( cont ’d ) okay . if I tell you mine , you have to tell I yours . fish_n_chip : deal margot ( cont ’d ) I be margot . fish_n_chip : Hannah :) margot ( cont ’d ) I be 15 . almost 16 . fish_n_chip : 18 . margot ( cont ’d ) Student . fish_n_chip : waitress . margot ( cont 'd ) San jose. 59a . fish_n chip : Pittsburgh . 59 60 61 60 . margot ( cont 'd ) what 's that like ? fish_n chip : bore . margot ( cont 'd ) trust I . it 's probably better than this ... meanwhile , David click on the account for '' fish_n_ chip '' and - youcast - google chrome he explore fish_n_ chip 's profile . name : Hannah . Age : 18 . job : server at kirchick 's diner . location : Pittsburgh , PA . then David click on Hannah 's profile picture and - int . diner - day ( photo ) 59 Hannah , a freckle red-head , smile in a waitress outfit . youcast - google chrome back on she '' save video , '' David click on another video and - int . margot 's bedroom - evening ( youcast broadcast ) 60 margot open a envelope and pull out ... a license . margot freedom . click . ext . lake - evening ( youcast broadcast ) 61 margot show off a beautiful lake ahead of she . margot ( 0.s . ) this be it . margot flip the camera back to reveal she 's sit on a rock , she car in the bg . margot ( cont 'd ) best place in the world to do nothing . click . 61 . 62 ext . lake - evening ( youcast broadcast ) 62 margot 's upset . margot you work 25 hour on top of school ? fish_n_chip : :/ fish_n_chip : ionly until Mom get out of the hopsital though fish_n_chip : whch she will fish_n_chip : but dad need help with $ $ in the meantime fish_n_ chip : fk cancer margot ( cont 'd ) my thought exactly . David highlight fish_n_chip 's last word and ... click . 63 omitted 63 64 ext . lake - evening ( youcast broadcast ) 64 margot point to she eye , laugh . margot woah ! they be so red . click . b64 int . margot 's bedroom - night ( youcast broadcast ) b64 margot work on a assignment with pen and paper while - fish_n_chip : so abby 's just gonna take credit ? fish_n_chip : while you do all the work on this ? fish_n_ chip : she sound like a terrible friend . margot yeah , but ... I do not really care . 62 . 65 int . margot 's car - lake - evening ( youcast broadcast ) 65 margot solemnly watch as - fish_n_ chip : so my dad make I drop out of school today margot what ? why ? fish_n_chip : hospital bill . fish_n_ chip : i understand that he need the money . fish_n chip : but still ... fish_n_chip : he do not even ask . fish_n_chip : i wish i be close to my dad . fish_n chip : like you . beat . you can see it in margot 's face . she do not agree . fish_n chip : margot ? margot ( cont 'd ) my dad do not know I stop go to piano ... or that sometimes , I come here instead . fish_n_chip : why havent you tolf he fish_n chip : tell ** margot ( cont 'd ) he would not get it . everything that hurt I , he 's already get over . ( beat ) anyway ... do not you guy have health insurance or something ? click . 66 int . margot 's car - lake - evening ( youcast broadcast ) 66 margot show the inside of she mouth to the camera as - margot I check webmd , I be pretty sure I have strep . 67 68 63 . browbruh99 : im surprised webmd didnt diagnose you with zika youcast - google chrome click . David skip past a bunch of video and click on the most recent one : int . lake - evening ( youcast broadcast ) 67 margot speak excitedly to she camera as - margot by the way , I be send you a little surprise I have be save for tomorrow . I think you be gonna really like it . but regardless , I want to talk about you day and -- David skip ahead on the video : margot look out at the distance , comment on some food she 's eat . nothing here . youcast - google chrome click . David move onto a older video and - int . margot 's bedroom - evening ( youcast broadcast ) 68 a nostalgic margot show a cell phone photo to the camera : a picture of Pam . David 's cursor stop move . margot so today be this megababe 's birthday . ( to the picture ) happy birthday . ( back to the webcam ) and if she be here right now , 100 % she have be make we all -- a door knock distract margot and - david ( 0.s. ) hey , sweetheart ? margot force a smile as David open the door and peek in . david ( cont 'd ) hey . I just realize I totally forget about today . 69 70 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 64 . margot yeah I know ! it 's -- david -- Tuesday . ( off margot 's look ) the Voice . Elimination round . margot .».. oh yeah ! of course . megan might get cut . david megan be definitely get cut . ( silence , smile ) all right . i’11l let you go , honey . see you downstairs in thirty . David close the door . margot 's smile fade . she 's crush . margot ... bye dad . youcast - google chrome pause . David scrub back the video . in it , as David enter the room , margot force a smile . when he leave , she smile fade away . pause . rewind . he leave the room . and margot 's smile fade . rewind . he leave . smile fade . he leave . smile fade . he leave . ...- smile fade . vick ( v.0o . ) I be sorry , David . it 's another dead - end . int . margot 's bedroom - night ( facetime video ) 69 David be on a facetime video call with vick . he 's tired . david and you be sure you look into every one of they right ? int . vick 's home office - night ( facetime video ) 70 on the other end , vick be still in uniform . she 's exhaust . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 65 . vick everyone . none of the youcast user margot interacted with have a connection to she disappearance . 71 intercut david / vick facetime video call 71 david even - — vick -- even ' fish_n chip . 's the waitress . facial scan trace she to * a ' kirchick 's diner 's 10 mile outside Pittsburgh . just speak to she get off a shift . check out . intercut david / vick facetime video call and desktop beat . David 's quiet for a long time . but then he drag he cursor across he screen and close the lead list . david I do not know she . and now she 's * go . I do not know my own -- * vick -- this be not you fault . * vick debate whether or to say more . but then finally - vick ( cont 'd ) a few year ago , a angry neighbor start bang on my door . when I ask she what the problem be , she tell I she want the 25 dollar my son have steal from she . now I have no idea what she 's talk about . I know my son , and that do not sound like the marvin I raise . + h HH hf 72 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 66 . David 's about to interject , but vick put she finger up and - vick ( cont 'd ) but as it turn out , it be true . my son have be go from house to house in the neighborhood for two week tell people he be my son and that he be raise money for a fictional police charity call ' mom and dad in Blue . 's David and vick chuckle , almost wistfully . until - vick ( cont 'd ) Point be , you do not always know you kid . and that be never you fault . ( beat ) we have ncic scan for she vehicle in 16 state . let 's both catch up on some sleep tonight , okay ? i’1l talk to you in the am . vick smile and reach out to close she laptop when suddenly - david what do you do after ? once you find out . vick think about it . then - vick I tell the neighbor that I found the charity and thank she for the money . it 's ' momsanddadsinblue.org , 's by the way . momsanddadsinblue .org - google chrome David visit the url , a late - 2000s geocity site . on it - ext . sunwood middle school - day ( photo ) 72 a young Rosemary vick stand next to she son , who make only the slight eye contact with the camera . * + h HH hf + h HH hf 73 74 67 . momsanddadsinblue .org - google chrome the photo 's caption : '' from leave to right , Officer Rosemary vick and she son marvin , a student at sunwood Middle School . " vick but I will officially deny it if you ever take that to the press . intercut david / vick facetime video call and google chrome / 3 David chuckle and - david look , I hope you know how thankful I be you be assign to we . vick I just wish there be not a case to be assign to at all . ( beat ) all right , shutting down . talk soon . beep , beep , beep . the call end and - intercut david 's facetime window and desktop 74 still visible through the open facetime window , David click on the Apple logo at the top-left of the screen , presses '' shut down '' and be about to confirm the selection on the '' be you sure you want to shut down ? '' follow - up prompt when - he notice a still - open chrome window at the edge of the frame : one of margot 's old youcast video plays on mute . something about it catch David 's eye . David cancel the shut -down and then - he unmute the video . in it margot show off a beautiful - lake margot this be it ! margot flip the camera back to reveal she 's sit on a rock , she car in the bg . margot ( cont 'd ) best place in the world to do nothing . 75 76 68 . pause . rewind . play . margot show off a beautiful lake . margot ( cont 'd ) this be -- pause . what be we suppose to be look at ? suddenly , David open a new window and travel to margot 's - tumblr - google chrome David frantically scroll through margot 's nature photography before finally halting at a innocuous photo of - ext . lake - evening ( photo ) 75 a very familiar lake . intercut google chrome and david 's facetime window 76 David compare the tumblr photo to the youcast video side - by - side , and it 's only then do we realize ... both photo be take at the same spot . underneath the tumblr photo , a caption : '' barbosa chill . '' David copy the caption and pastes it into a Google search . the second result on the page be a tripadvisor link to '' barbosa Lake '' in the Santa Cruz Mountains . David google - map the lake , only to discover : it 's 10 minute from the intersection margot be record at . as realization dawns , David slam the laptop close and we - smash to black . over black we hear a car engine at full throttle . then - ring . ring . ring . vick ( v.o. ) you have reach Rosemary vick . leave a message . i’1ll get back to you . smash to : 77 78 79 69 . iphone UI we screen be now a iphone . on the vertical iphone user interface , a waze arrow zip down the 101 - South and take the exit for the 152 - East as - david ( v.o. ) vick , wake up . I know why she be at that traffic stop . she be not leave town ... she be drive to the spot she 's be visit for the last 5 month . ( beat ) it 's 3:45 am . I be head there now . call I back . smash to black . iphone UI - 4:24 am David 's iphone explode with a income facetime video call . it 's from vick . the phone slide open , we hear water lapping and immediately , we can tell something be wrong . ext . lake - santa cruz mountain - night ( facetime video ) 77 on vertical video , David look grimy and out -of-breath . Shell - shocked . around he , pitch black . int . vick 's home - night ( facetime video ) 78 even vick , for the first time , look just as anxious as she rush to put on she jacket and grab she key . vick where be you ? intercut david / vick facetime video call 79 david you say she run away , vick . vick be you at the lake ? david you say she run away . 80 81 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 70 . vick I be head there now . vick open she garage door as we catch a brief glimpse of she son in the hallway and - vick ( cont 'd ) marvin , go back to sleep ! int . detective vehicle - continuous ( facetime video ) 80 vick get in she car . she mount the phone on the dashboard . vick David , I need you to calm down . we be gonna figure this out together . intercut david / vick facetime video call 81 David switch he facetime camera to forward -facing and we see now that David be sit by the same lake margot be recording she video at . but wash - up at the shore ... .»- be a eerily familiar item . vick David , what be you show I ? David hold the object up . it 's blurry , but then focus and - david this be she key , vick . we be look at margot 's homemade pokeball keychain . vick oh my god . we hear faint sound on David 's end . vick ( cont 'd ) what be that ? the police siren grow louder . david this be she key . vick David , do you call the cop ? 82 83 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 71 . vick slam on the gas . vick ( cont 'd ) I be on my way . the siren be now deafening . David be still in shock . david this . are. her. key . smash to : ext . lake - santa cruz mountain - morning ( news footage ) 82 a sweeping aerial shot introduce we to the expansive barbosa Lake . it 's 7:50 am and we be stream the morning news on - news website - google chrome ( note : all news footage will play from news website . ) boyd ( v.o. ) good morning , Bay Area ! I be Natalie boyd . a terrifying development today as a vehicle match that of a miss San Jose teenager be discover late last night underneath a Santa Cruz lake . ext . lake - santa cruz mountain - morning ( news footage ) 83 the camera reveal the lake shore , where vick , officer , and paramedics idle as police car and a tow-truck arrive . but then the camera angle switch to ground - level where - wrapped in a wool blanket , a torture David watch from the shore . suddenly , the camera whip towards the water and - two diver emerge from under the lake , each grip cable . boyd ( v.o. ) a operation be currently underway to recover margot Kim 's Toyota camry . but at this moment , we still do not know whether the evercreek High sophomore be actually inside the vehicle . let 's say a prayer and take a look . 84 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 72. the camera watch closely as the diver attach the cable to the tow-truck , and the truck begin to pull margot 's green Toyota camry out of the lake . ton of water wash out the window . but then - right when it get the chance , the camera zoom to the front windshield , and we quickly see that - boyd ( v.o. ) ..- okay , it do not look like there 's anyone in the front seat . the car be set down on the shore and bring right - side -up . but instead of open the door , vick and the officer converge on the - boyd ( v.o. ) oh God , they be check the trunk . David cover he mouth , unprepare for whatever 's inside . vick pull out margot 's key , unlock the trunk , open it and - ext . roadside PRESS conference - later ( news footage ) 84 on a different local news network , we watch as camera be set up for a press conference , light be adjust , and reporter aim they micu at the makeshift podium when - vick approach the podium with a prepare statement . vick good morning . thank you for be here at such short notice . I be detective sergeant Rosemary vick , the lead investigator in this case and I be join by David Kim , margot 's father . the camera pan to David , stoic . vick ( cont 'd ) we have provide you all with a chronology of event beginning with last Thursday , May 11th when Ms. Kim first go miss . that 's yours to circulate . but focus on the event this morning , the silicon Valley Police Department be able to recover Ms. Kim 's vehicle . and to answer the most obvious question : margot Kim be not inside . 85 86 87 73 . a murmur go through the crowd as - — vick ( cont 'd ) however , we examination of the vehicle do reveal a small amount of blood on the passenger side dashboard . blood that point to a physical confrontation . meaning that this case be now be officially consider ... a abduction . int . news station 1 ( news ) 85 a male anchor speak to the camera . male anchor good afternoon . a search through the Santa Cruz Forest be now underway for a local teen whose car be discover dumped in a lake . int . news station 2 ( news ) 86 a female anchor , just as dramatic . female anchor -- authority be ask anyone with information regard the disappearance of margot Kim to dial the hot-line or 911 immediately . ext . roadside headquarters - day ( news footage ) 87 volunteer start arrive , be drop off or carpool in large group . at the site - David and Peter hand out copy of the miss poster we see David make earlier in the film . vick ( v.o. ) start at 1 pm , we will be assign every volunteer to a search team . each team will be in charge of a single section of the critical 12 square - mile radius . 88 89 90 91 ag1 92 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 74 . ext . roadside PRESS conference - morning ( news footage ) 88 next to vick be a large map of the area , with a '' X '' mark the lake / roadside headquarters . surround the lake , 15 different influence sphere mark 15 different search zone . vick signal to a few zone west of the lake - vick because of the steep ravine and otherwise unsafe topography on the west side of the lake , we have already clear the follow zone . ( signal to the rest ) but still , there 's a lot of ground to cover . ext . lake - santa cruz mountain - day ( news footage ) 89 volunteer group search along the lake ... ext . forest - santa cruz mountain - day ( news footage ) 90 ... they travel through path of thick shrubbery ... ext . ravine - santa cruz mountain - day ( news footage ) 91 . -- and they inch they way around the edge of steep , cliff - like ravine as - volunteer margot ! / margot ? / margot ! ext . roadside headquarters - day ( news footage ) a91 vick instruct she team in the tent . she direct volunteer to they search zone . and she oversee the whole operation . ext . roadside PRESS conference - morning ( news footage ) 92 cameras flash . Reporters yell . vick point to one of they . PRESS conference reporter 1 ( 0.s. ) do not the lack of footprint or fingerprint point to someone who know exactly what he be do ? pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 74,2 . vick it can . but still , everyone make mistake . vick point to another reporter . PRESS conference reporter 2 ( 0.s. ) what about margot 's phone ? do you locate that ? vick ... it be not in the vehicle . 93 94 ag94 95 96 97 98 Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 75 . ext . roadside headquarters - day ( news footage ) 93 Police prepare k - 9s , which be each give a clothing article of margot 's to sniff . they all rush into the forest with they police trainer as - — newscaster 1 ( v.o. ) it 's hour 6 in the search for margot Kim and so far , nothing to show for it . ext . forest - santa cruz mountain - evening ( news footage ) 94 a local abc-7 search reporter comment from the field . search reporter that 's right , andrea . '' nothing to show for it '' except for the tortuous mystery at its center , or if I may , in its glove -box . ext . lake - morning ( series of photo ) ag94 in one photo , vick grab a manila envelope from margot 's car . in another , she open it . in another , she look inside and - omitted 95 omitted 96 int . news station 3 ( news ) 97 another anchor . sophisticated male anchor $ 2,500 in cash be find in a manila envelope in margot 's glove box . be it a runaway fund , like the lead detective be suggest , ...or be it something more ? ext . roadside headquarters - night ( news footage ) 98 Peter , David , and a troop of volunteer return to the roadside , tired and empty-hand . 99 100 101 102 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 76 . newscaster 2 ( v.o. ) it 's hour 9 here at search headquarters , the sun be start to set , and police be ask volunteer to pause they search and resume tomorrow morning . CUT to : David give a interview . he try to stay compose . david yeah , I think ... tomorrow be a full day . there 's still lot of the search zone that we have not touch yet . but the more people who come , the faster we go . if you have some time tomorrow , we would love the help . int . silicon valley herald news weather report ( news ) 99 rain cloud cover a weather projection . on the silicon Valley Herald news website , the same kooky weatherman from before . nathan wattser ( ignore he previous prediction ) like I have be tell you all week , today be the day to whip out that umbrella , folk . and not the plastic one , either . ext . san jose street - morning ( news footage ) 100 severe thunderstorm and heavy rain hammer down . traffic be halt . street be flood . but most importantly - ext . roadside headquarters - morning ( news footage ) 101 the search headquarters be wet and empty . on the lower - third : '' summer STORM halt search for local teen . " int . police office - day ( news footage ) 102 vick deliver a indoor statement , look and sounding more frustrated than we have ever see she . + h hk 103 104 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 77 . vick this be obviously not the outcome we want , but we will resume the search the moment it 's safe to walk through the forest again . in the meantime , however , the investigation will not stop until we find margot . smash to : twitter meanwhile , '' # findmargot " trend locally , the number of tweet with the hashtag rise by the minute . everything from : '' send prayer to the family < 3 " to '' I bet $ 2,500 the money be a plant " to '' uhhh Mom die 1.5 year ago and now daughter disappear .... um .... the dad anyone ? # conspiracy # justsayin . " '' mr. lee ( v.o . ) as one of the few teacher margot really confide in ... ext . evercreek high school - day ( news footage ) 103 Mr. Lee , the teacher David use peoplesmart to track down , give a interview . mr . lee ... if not the only one , margot always seem troubled . if it be I , I have look into the household . gmail - google chrome David 's gmail be fill with hate mail : '' I know you did it . " '' you murderer . " David click one label : '' untitled . '' in it - a meme of a dopey David . caption : '' father of the year . " omitted 104 youtube - google chrome on the front page of YouTube , the cursor click a trending video call : '' # findmargot . '' the video play . in it - 105 a105 b105 78. int . teenage girl 's bedroom - day ( webcam video ) 105 abigail nielsen fake -cry . abigail she be ... she be ... sorry ... she be my best friend . ext . evercreek high school - day ( news footage ) a105 a teenage boy with perfect hair give a interview . perfect hair I be just a big believer in community service . look at all the thing that happen to margot , I just think to myself : I think they could use my help . int . teen 's house - day ( snapchat video ) b105 a stoner teen shake he head in a snapchat video . his label text pop up , and it 's simply a : / facebook - google chrome every single one of margot 's '' friend '' David look into have already post a status . from anoop to mindy to raj to Lee to sruti to megan and from Ross to Sam , the post blur into a digital cacophony until - the sequence come to a grinding halt as David stumble on the Facebook status of a familiar instagram flirt : derek ' ' Ellis . his status read : '' everyone stop freaking out . margot 's just be in my bed this whole time . she 's crazy about my dick lmaooooo ; ) " suddenly , David open he - google spreadsheet - google chrome he scroll to derek 's row : question - mark . then return to - facebook - google chrome David click on derek 's profile and see that : '' derek Ellis check into oakfair theaters , San Jose . " c105 106 107 108 79 . then we zoom in to read : '' 7 minute ago . '' int . movie theater - night ( cell phone footage ) c105 on a cell phone video ( record from a distance ) , David aggressively talk to a teen moviegoer until suddenly - vick ( v.o. ) you can not be assist the investigation anymore . david ( v.o. ) what ? int . margot 's bedroom - later ( facetime video ) 106 David pause the video . titled '' crazy dad theater attack , " the YouTube video now have 800,000 view . meanwhile - David and vick video chat . David be manic . int . vick 's home office - night ( facetime video ) 107 vick do not look happy , either . vick we will update you on every move we make and all the evidence we gather . intercut david / vick facetime video call 108 david what do that mean ? vick it mean that we can not have someone this close to the case help investigate it . it be my fault for involve you in the first place , but I do it because we have already lose so much time -- david -- you be cut I off . Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 80 . vick every professional who should be work on this case be work on this case . david -- what about digital forensics , ' cyber-crime , 's or whatever ? should not you guy have people who can help I look at she laptop ? vick yes . and they will . but right now , we need to focus every resource we have on the ground search . david all I be try to do be help you find my daughter . vick I know . but you can not see thing clearly . david who 's the one who bring you the car ? huh ? who 's the one who find that lake and who bring you to she car ? if it be not for I - not you - you and I would both be think my margot run away . but because of I -- vick -- we do not know she do not run away . she have cash in she car . and because of you , there be now a 17 - year - old boy in the hospital -- david -- he 's go to be fine . vick you break he jaw at a -- marvin ( 0.s. ) -- Mom ? suddenly , a pimple - face teen appear in the doorway behind vick , startling she and - vick marvin , may I take care of this , please ?! Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 80a . vick 's son look at she screen , then drop he head . leave . 109 110 111 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 81. vick ( cont 'd ) ( voice steadying ) you have a suspicion about someone ? that 's fine . but then , it 's the police 's job to look for proof , not yours to act on flake of evidence . beat . David take a breath . then - david you be right . I should not have do that . but from now on , just tell I what you need from I , huh ? vick nothing . we need nothing from you . I be head back to the field . do not call I until I call you -- david -- vick , please . vick get some sleep , Mr. Kim . vick hang up and through the open facetime video display - int . margot 's bedroom - night ( facetime video ) 109 David be leave all alone . defeat - intercut david 's facetime window and google chrome 110 - David slowly drag he cursor back to the YouTube video and - he presses play . int . movie theater - night ( cell phone footage ) 111 in the clip , David grow testier . the exchange continue as - youtube - google chrome David start to scroll past the hundred of comment below : '' this guy be nut ! " '' tragic . '' '' if I think a punk - ass kid kidnap my daughter , I would be do the same thing , bruh " '' Real -life make a murderer . " but then David return to the video and on it - 112 113 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 82. int . movie theater - continuous ( cell phone footage ) 112 David suddenly shove derek . derek shove back . and then - David clock the boy in the face . the camera frantically run to the frenzy as derek 's friend wrestle a craze David away and - camerawoman ( 0.s. ) someone call the police ! smash to : int . margot 's bedroom - later ( facetime video ) 113 David jerk awake on the facetime video display . desktop - 7:45 pm David close facetime and log into he own - gmail - google chrome among the mass of hate mail , David open two unread email . the first be from Mike porter at work , encourage he to take as much time as he need . next . the second be from David 's psychiatrist , who recommend a new dosage of trazadone base he recent stress . delete . the third email be from memorialone , a funeral live - stream service , offer David access to they platform for margot 's memorial , '' God forbid she need one . " David 's cursor highlight key phrase from the email : '' hundred of well - wisher will inquire about attend , " '' allow they to celebrate a life from afar , " '' while still protect the privacy of the moment to family and friend . " David reply : '' she' not dead '' and travel to - google - google chrome David search '' margot kim investigation . '' the internet be full of link now . margot even have she own Wikipedia . he click on the first link , which take David to the official '' margot Kim mystery '' subreddit on - reddit - google chrome 114 83. - where David be meet with a barrage of thread theory . he skip the first : '' 21 reason david kim would murder margot . '' and the second : '' be margot kim ' gone girl 's crazy ? " and the third : '' what if its a random act of violence ? '' before finally clicking on the fourth thread : '' $ 2,500 for what ??? " int . conservative talk show ( news ) 114 a old radio jockey banter . old radio jockey drug ! it 's get to be drug . you have get a 16 - year - old girl steal money from daddy in silicon Valley . she 's not use it to feed the homeless , we know that . newsflash : we have get a drug problem in american high school ! elect a Republican and fix it - the cursor return to - reddit - google chrome David find another thread call '' go over car pic again . " he click the link and be take to a - tabloid website - google chrome - where he 's meet with a barrage of picture from margot 's car . David scroll through all of they , but nothing seem especially significant . the cash . gum. iphone. usb cable . chapstick . car registration . biology textbook . and ... .-- the lighter . beat . David cycle through the photo again , find a better angle photo of the car interior , and zoom into the lighter to see : the San Jose fin logo on the side of it . David 's cursor hover over the lighter , try to place it , try to place it , try to place it when suddenly - David open margot 's - imessage 115 84 . he scroll to a single message chain and lock in on the profile photo of the corresponding contact . there he be : wear a deceptive , warm smile and a fade , fin jersey . the only person David know who love the fin enough to a buy a lighter with they logo on it ... Peter . click . David open the text chain , one of the few he choose not to read earlier . then he see the message : '' last night be fun . " '' idk what you be talk about ; ) " David scroll faster , catch bit and piece of the text . '' I feel so weird do this . " '' never tell you dad ... " '' tonight ? '' '' ... or you be dead '' '' tonight ? '' '' yesterday be craazyyy . " '' tonight ? '' then the final one , send the day margot disappear : '' see you tonight . '' David 's cursor reread the last text over , then quickly open - gmail - google chrome he start to compose a email to vick ( '' I think my brother " '' ) - but then suddenly , David stop . delete . instead , he open - google - google chrome - and type : '' radioshack near I . " smash to : int . peter 's apartment - night ( hidden camera feed 1 ) 115 David 's face cover the frame , the word '' standby '' stamp on the bottom of it . we be look through a camera feed . David fiddle with the camera and then take a step back to inspect he work . we be in a live room , where a large San Jose fin flag be pin to the wall . in the bg , a vaguely familiar kitchen . David pull out a second small cube-shape camera from he pocket and place it inconspicuously among a pile of book on the other side of the room . he turn it on and - 116 117 85 . int . peter 's apartment - continuous ( hidden camera feed 2) 116 peter ( 0.s. ) davey , you want anything ? coffee ? tea ? from the new video feed , we glimpse Peter in the kitchen . david coffee . David cautiously set up a third cube-camera when suddenly , Peter pop he head into the live room and - peter no . you know what ? you have probably be straight - chugge caffeine the last 3 day . I be go make you some tea . herbal . int . peter 's apartment - continuous ( hidden camera feed 3 ) 117 the third camera feed burst into existence , Peter do not notice , and then - david I need to go to my car . through one of the camera feed face a live room window , we see David exit the apartment . outside , he get into he car , grab something from the passenger seat and ... .».. the cursor fly into frame . we have be watch all of this on - david 's personal laptop on it , we widen to reveal - hidden camera software app all three camera feed be stack next to each other , each with the word '' standby '' stamp on the bottom . David move he cursor to the toolbar , select '' name session '' and title the video file : '' proof . '' then - David presses '' record . '' 118 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 86 . and as we begin to hear a tea kettle whistle grow louder and louder , David get out of the car , walk inside , and we - smash to : int . peter 's live room - moment later ( hidden cameras ) 118 David and Peter , seat uncomfortably in the live room . a tv play in the bg . the brother sip they tea until - peter mm , how 's the detective ? she work on any new lead ? david no . she 's not . ( note : for the duration of the scene , we will intercut all three hide camera feed . ) David look over at the tv . then start to chuckle . peter what ? david you remember that time - I think it be like 6th grade - eomma catch we watch Magnum pi . she ban we from tv for the whole summer because I introduce you to '' graphic content ! '' Magnum pi . ( beat ) that be the worst feel in the world . David turn off the tv . david ( cont 'd ) what 's you relationship like with margot ? peter what do you mean ? david you guy hang out , right ? peter sure . David nod , prodding Peter to continue . 119 87 . peter ( cont 'd ) it be - you know - we do not hang out much , but I mean , she 's obviously a amazing -- david -- when be the last time you see she , by the way ? beat . peter you know what , I have have to think about that , it 's really be awhi -- David 's phone ring . Peter quickly stand up . peter ( cont 'd ) ( be : tea ) I think this need some honey . meanwhile we widen to see David 's - desktop the '' income call '' notification be from detective vick . intercut desktop and hidden camera feed 119 David look at he phone , debate whether to answer it as it continue to ring and then ... ignore . peter ( from the kitchen ) who be that ? david work . peter oh yeah , what have they be say to you this whole ti-- david -- go back to the previous question , when do you say you last see she ? beat . Peter stop . thinks . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 88. peter dude , I can barely remember . he 's hide something . peter ( cont 'd ) but let 's get we mind off this for a sec , huh ? I feel like we be just gonna drive ourselves crazy talk about it . be you tea okay ? you still want that coffee ? David put down he tea , unable to contain he emotion . david last night be fun . peter what be that ? David get up and start to walk to the kitchen . david I feel so weird do this . as Peter begin to understand what David 's say , so do we : David be recite the text between Peter and margot . david ( cont 'd ) I mean , technically , it will be legal soon . never tell you dad . you free tonight ? yesterday be crazy . what about tonight ? David will kill I if he ever find out . seriously he would murder I . Peter 's freeze . David arrive at the kitchen . david ( cont 'd ) and then , at 4:56 pm , the night she disappear : see you tonight . ( plead ) Peter ? what do you do with my daughter ? beat . peter I can explain -- wham . David slam Peter to the ground and start to beat he . 89 . peter ( cont 'd ) David ! stop ! david what have you do to she ?! peter please ! Peter flail under David 's weight . David keep hitting and - david what do you do to she ?! David clamp Peter 's throat . peter stop ! stop ! Peter try to yank David 's hand away but David tightens . david what be you do with her ? Peter can barely speak , and David do not relent . Peter 's face go white , until finally , he 's able to get a word out . peter -- weed . beat . David loosen he hand . david what ? peter ( cough ) weed . I be smoking she out . suddenly , a text notification slide onto the screen . it 's from detective vick : '' call back . " '' urgent . '' but meanwhile - David climb off Peter . he walk into the live room . sit . catch he breath . and then - peter ( cont 'd ) David ? david -- since when ? peter when you all come over for New Year 's , she find my piece . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 90 . peter ( cont 'd ) she want to try . and then it just keep happen . Peter stand and look at a mirror : he neck be viciously bruise . meanwhile - another text from vick go ignore : '' we got he . " '' call I . '' david -- you give drug to my daughter ? peter I promise she I have never tell you . Peter reach into he fridge , fumble for a ice pack as - david so margot would come to you in the middle of the night , you would give she weed , and do god-know - what - else -- peter -- that 's it . we have get high and talk . I swear . another call from detective vick . David silences it as - peter ( cont 'd ) I know how wrong this all sound . and I know I should have tell you sooner . but it just do not have anything to do with ... this . david what kind of family be you ? Peter freeze . peter you be ask I ? you come in here and accuse I of something un - fuck - speakable and you be wonder what kind of family I be ? Peter enter the live room . beat . peter ( cont 'd ) you wanna know why she hate that piano lesson ? the one she stop go to . it 's because every time she would walk in and see that thing , she have think about she mother . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 91 . david she tell you that ? peter david ( cont 'd ) like I say , we talk . she tell my waste - of -a-life brother that and not I . why ? peter because you never ask . that 's the point , dude . you do not even know she . ever since Pam , you have just be so catch up in you charade of pretend everything be okay when everything be clearly not that you stop talk to margot about the only thing that 's be on she mind for the last two year . david -- I lose someone too , okay ? peter she need you to talk to she , not the other way around ! david -- I lose someone , too ! silence . peter I know . Peter sit down across a pensive David , who do not say anything for what seem like a eternity until finally - david I just think it have fix itself . -ding . '' new voicemail ( 1 ) " shaken from he daze , David grab he cell phone , key , and - david ( cont 'd ) thanks for the tea . he put the phone to he ear and leave Peter 's apartment . but then , halfway through vick 's voicemail and almost at he car ( as see through the same live room window from earlier ) , David stop dead in he track ... .+- and crumble to the pavement , just have hear the worst call any parent could get . * 120 121 Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 92 . int . news station 5 ( news ) 120 a '' breaking news '' graphic flash across the screen to action music as we CUT to a educate female anchor and - faustine rea good morning , I be faustine rea . a parent 's worst nightmare come true this morning for David Kim . ina shocking and thoroughly - mind - boggle conclusion to a story that 's captivate the Bay Area , margot Kim , miss now for 5 day , have just be tragically declare dead . why ? a tape confession . a picture appear to the right of the anchor . on it , a deprave - look man . faustine rea ( cont ’d ) Randy cartoff , release just six year ago for armed robbery and felony drug possession , upload the confession online before take he own life . we be go to play a segment of the 3 - minute video now , but please be warn : the follow contain graphic description and disturbing content . viewer discretion be advise . int . dingy live room 121 randy cartoff ( 50' ) - feral , pockmark , out of he mind - stare straight into the camera . then he look down at the crumble piece of paper in he hand and read from it . randy dear girl in the green car , I be sorry for what I do to you . I be sorry for not listen to you when you begge I to stop . she be really hurt , be not she ? ( beat ) I be sorry for cut you , put you in you suitcase , and hide you so no one would ever find you . I think this would be easy . but it be not . but it be not ... pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 93 . 122 int . police office - day ( news footage ) 122 detective vick speak at a large press conference . vick after analyze the video online , we be able to track down the confessor 's identity . when we arrive at he Morgan Hill residence , Mr. cartoff be decease , seemingly by a self - inflicted gun wound . sometimes this confession be hoax , but base on he story , we be able to return to the lake site where we discover trace DNA match that of Mr. cartoff in critical area of the search zone . I have already speak to she father , but at this point in the investigation , we be very confident ... that Ms. Kim 's life be take , on she way out of town . 123 int . news station 5 ( news ) 123 faustine rea reshuffle she stack of blank papers . morning anchor a public memorial will be hold for Ms. Kim in downtown San Jose this week . detail to come soon , but until then , the only thing we know for certain be that the search for margot Kim be over . david ( v.o. ) it still do not make sense . 124 int . david 's bedroom - day ( facetime video ) 124 David , in formal attire , video-chat with vick . he look like a shell of the man he be at the beginning . on he - desktop picture of Randy and the crime scene . david I mean , where 's the car that he take she in ? ( more ) pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) david ( cont 'd ) where be this suitcase ? do he clean up she blood ? who be this guy ? 93a . * pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 94 . 125 int . vick 's home office - day ( facetime video ) 125 vick , in formal attire as well , sympathize . vick I wish I have a answer for you . all I know .. and all you need to know ... be that this have nothing to do with you . david yes , it do . 126 intercut david / vick 's facetime video call 126 vick I be so sorry for everything that 's happen to you daughter , and I be so sorry for everything that 's happen to you . ( beat ) if there 's anything you need I to do - ever - do not hesitate to give I a ring . david okay . vick okay . beep , beep , beep . the call end , David close the facetime window , and travel to - google drive - google chrome he open the '' search '' folder , select every document and spreadsheet he 's already make ... and delete they all . then he travel to margot 's - — facebook - google chrome 396 notification . David file a request to memorialize margot 's profile . then - gmail - google chrome the hate mail have stop . in its place , genuine condolence . * 127 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 95 . David open a unread email from '' memorialone '' title " video / photo for today 's Memorial . '' in the email - Memorial one give David the option to submit any video or photo of margot he have like play during '' today 's service . " David click on the submission link and a window open . funeral one browser window - google chrome on it : '' drag you file into the window and click send . " desktop - moment later David open he finder where - -a '' Kim home_video " hard drive load on the sidebar . click . in the search prompt , David type '' margot . '' 1134 result . he filter by '' file type '' and select '' movie . '' 101 result . David watch all of they . some we see in the open montage . some we do not . and he upload they all to - funeral one browser window - google chrome one by one by one until , in one video - flashback . int . david 's bedroom - morning ( home video ) 127 Pam record while young margot ( 5 ) jump on a sleep David . young margot wake up ! wake up ! pam ( 0.s. ) show we what you make in class , Mar . margot hold up a draw to the camera . written below : '' happy Father 's Day to the best dad ever . " pause . desktop on finder , David delete the video . then empties the trash . funeral one browser window - google chrome after he 's do watch , David hit '' send '' on the video and - '' thanks for upload ! " be write below a photo of - 128 96 . int . stock image ( photo ) 128 a freckle red-head in a headset shoot we a thumb -up . funeral one browser window - google chrome David move to close the window . but then he stop . his cursor glide back to the picture . the freckle red-head smile back . there 's something off about it . about she . suddenly , David open margot 's - photo app - google chrome he scroll . nope . then he open margot 's - facebook - google chrome David click through margot 's tag photo . past Abby , past friend we have talk . nothing . but then , David travel to - youcast - google chrome David click on '' save video , " skim margot 's live -cast ... - and revisit the profile of '' fish_n_chip '' ( Hannah . 18 . server at kirchick 's diner. Pittsburgh , PA ) . David open fish_n_ chip 's profile picture in full - screen , place the picture of Memorial one 's redhead next to it , compare the image and realize : they be the same person . suddenly , we begin to hear pre - lapped audio as - hannah ( v.o. ) hello ? david ( v.o. ) hi , I be wonder if I could talk to Hannah . hannah ( v.o. ) speak ? David drag Hannah 's youcast profile picture - google image search - google chrome - moment later -into a Google image search as - 129 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 97 . david ( v.o. ) I be call in regards to my daughter , margot Kim . you speak to she online as ' mkmania . 's hannah ( v.o. ) um ... you must have the wrong number . I be talent , not representation . but I can connect you to my agent if you have -- the search result load . they be all photo of Hannah . i/e. stock image ( photo ) 129 same smile , but different outfit and uniform . she 's a model . david ( v.o . ) -- so you work as a waitress part time , then . because you tell the detective you be on a shift . google image search - google chrome next to one result , the model 's name be list : Hannah pardy . hannah ( v.o. ) what detective ? google - google chrome David google the name , but can not find what he 's look for . david ( v.o. ) you be Hannah pardy , correct ? Red hair . freckle ? hannah ( v.o. ) yes ! but I be just a actress . but then David visit - peoplesmart - google chrome he enter Hannah 's name , and parse through the result . david ( v.o. ) I do not understand . detective vick , she call you 4 day ago and you tell she you be at the diner when - * pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 7a . hannah ( v.o. ) Sir , I never get a call from the cop . what be you talk about ? 130 131 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 98 . David find the correct '' Hannah pardy '' ( she life in Los Angeles ) and then return to she photo on the - google image search - google chrome david ( v.o. ) okay . maybe I be not be clear . on youcast , you have be chat with my daughter for month . you user name be ' fish_n_ chip . 's you be a waitress from Pittsburgh . you mom be in the hospital ... right ? David land on the photo of Hannah pose as a waitress and - hannah ( v.o. ) what 's youcast ? ring . ring . ring . int . david 's bedroom - moment later ( facetime video ) 130 see through the open facetime display , a hyper- anxious David keep he phone glue he ear as he pace back and forth and - david vick . something do not add up . call I back when you get this . David hang up and return to he computer where - desktop text notification from Peter slide onto the screen : '' hey call / texted you 3 time . try margot 's phone now ... " '' when be you get here ? ceremony 's start soon . " 911 operator ( v.o. ) svpd miss person unit . how can I help you ? int . david 's bedroom - day ( facetime video ) 131 through the open facetime video display , we see David check he phone and - david ( v.o. ) can you connect I through dispatch to a officer ? * a131 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 99 . intercut google chrome and facetime video display a131 David type in : '' detective Rosemary vick . " search . 911 operator ( v.o. ) I be sorry sir , that 's not possible . what be this regard ? meanwhile , David open the same article that he research during he first talk with vick . he cycle through they , search for something as - david ( v.o. ) my name be David Kim , I be try to reach detective Rosemary vick -- 911 operator ( v.o . ) -- oh , Mr. Kim . I be so sorry to hear about margot . we be so tear up about it here . david ( v.o. ) thank you but -- David be down to the last two article and - 911 operator ( v.o. ) -- especially Rosemary . I have never see someone so invest in a case . from the moment she volunteer to lead it , to the way she handle the investigation and deal with the media the way she do -- david ( v.0 . ) -- wait . David stop at a article when - david ( v.o. ) what do you mean , volunteer ? above the article , a familiar photo . in it , vick pose with a group of ex-convict at a construction site . 911 operator ( v.o. ) sorry ? the photo 's caption : '' off the clock , Officer Rosemary vick help build a new drug-rehabilitation clinic . " 132 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 100 . david ( v.o. ) you say detective vick '' volunteer '' to lead my case . I think she be assign to it . 911 operator ( v.o. ) no . she definitely volunteer . David punch into the photo . but instead of focus on vick , he zoom to the eerily familiar ex- convict next to she . 911 operator ( v.o. ) unfortunately though , I still can not patch you through dispatch . she 's probably on she way to margot 's memorial service , though . if you have like , I can connect you to she voicemail instead ? and then we recognize he : Randy cartoff , the man who kill margot . david ( v.o. ) ( to himself ) she do not run away from I . she do not run away from I . 911 operator ( v.0 . ) Mr. Kim ? david ( v.o. ) actually . I have like to speak to the deputy sheriff , please . memorialone - google chrome on the splash page , a live -stream link to watch the memorial : one million viewer already watch . David click the link and immediately , the Memorial one video stream flicker to life . through the facetime video display , we see David grab he key , he coat , and then leave the room . int . church - day ( memorialone video stream ) 132 the stream ( see via David 's laptop ) automatically switch between three camera angle . the first : on the right . the second : on the leave . and the third : in the back look at - — a makeshift memorial pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 100a . a array of candle and flower surround a poster of margot . scatter throughout the pews , Isaac , Abby , Mr. Lee , and a slew of recognizable face wait in somber silence . 133 Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 101 . at the front , Peter hold a spot for David , who 's noticeably miss . and off to the side - vick . her face be impossible to read . then suddenly - David arrive . respectfully acknowledge the crowd , the father proceed down the aisle as if head to he pew at the front . but then , he stop . right in the middle . turn . his eye search , search until - he spot vick . then David do not peel he eye away . and neither do she . vick know . now David walk faster . but instead of sit at he pew or pause at the memorial , he bee-line to vick , halt inch away from she face , and confront she in a tense silence . will vick run ? will she confess ? attack David ? suddenly , enter from the side and front door , five silicon Valley Police Department officer make they way to the scene . vick see they . but still , she remain motionless , freeze in David 's glare until - the officer arrive , and vick , instead of put up a fight , calmly offer she hand in surrender . the mourner watch in shock as vick be whisk out of the church by the officer . and David follow they . fade to : int . interrogation room ( tape interview ) - two week later3 a homicide agent wait next to a empty table . suddenly - vick , in a denim prison uniform , enter . expressionless . she sit at the table . the homicide agent follow suit . and then - homicide agent State you full name for the record , please . vick Rosemary clarice vick . Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 102 . homicide agent Ms. vick , you be admit to four count of felony : obstruction of justice under color of law , conspiracy to commit kidnap and / or false imprisonment , kidnap and / or false imprisonment , and murder . be that correct ? vick yes. 134 ext . church - day ( news footage ) - back to present 134 the church door fly open . svpd escort detective vick through a large crowd of media and spectator and - CNN reporter ( v.o . ) Excuse we . we be get word now that a arrest have just be make inside the church where the memorial of margot Kim be currently in progress . though not confirm , report claim that the new suspect -- vick be take into a suv , flanke by two police car when - CNN reporter ( v.o. ) -- be a law enforcement agent work on the case . David be escort into the front seat of the suv by svpd and - 135 int . interrogation room ( tape interview ) 135 homicide agent okay . let 's talk about the event lead up to you arrest last week , start with Thursday May 11th when margot Kim go miss . what happen that night ? vick I get a phone call . homicide agent and who be call ? momsanddadsinblue .org - google chrome 136 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 103 . a familiar picture load . in it , a young Rosemary vick stand next to she son , who make only the slight eye contact with the camera . vick ( v.0 . ) my son . its caption : '' from leave to right , Officer Rosemary vick and she son marvin , a student at sunwood Middle School . " homicide agent ( v.o. ) and what do he say ? iphone UI - vick 's phone a iphone call from '' marvin . '' marvin ( v.o. ) ( out -of -breath ) -- Mom . I make a big mistake . I think I need to call 911 . int . interrogation room ( tape interview ) 136 homicide agent and what do you do after hearing the call ? vick I meet he . homicide agent where ? iphone UI - vick phone a text arrive from '' marvin . '' it 's a drop location pin . vick ( v.o. ) near barbosa Lake . he be stand at the edge of a ravine . homicide agent ( v.o. ) can you point to it on the map ? we pinch into the pin to reveal marvin 's location on Apple Maps : the Santa Cruz Mountains , 500 foot west of barbosa Lake . Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 104 . 137 int . interrogation room ( tape interview ) 137 homicide agent and what do marvin tell you when you get there ? vick he say ' there 's a girl down there . I accidentally push a girl down there . 's so I ask he why . homicide agent what do he say ? vick -- you have to understand , my son be not like the other kid . he 's different . he can be -- homicide agent -- what do he say ? vick he say he need to give she money back . homicide agent what money ? vick six month ago , marvin recognize margot on a live blog website . mozilla firefox - marvin 's computer '' youcast.com " be enter into the address bar and - youcast - mozilla firefox a pop - up appear on the splash page : '' welcome back , @fish_n_chip ! a Facebook friend be live - casting for the first time . wanna join ? " the cursor hesitates and then - '' yes . '' immediately , margot 's first live - cast start play : in she - room margot , wear brace , wait for a visitor . Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 105 . vick ( v.0o . ) he 's like she since grade school . on the chat box next to margot 's video , marvin type : fichn_chip : hey margot — vick ( v.o. ) always know about she life ... ich a chip : : : vick ( v.o. ) ... and about she interest . fish_n chip : favorite pokemon and why in the video , margot lean in , read the message , try to hold back a smile , and then grab something offscreen . homicide agent ( v.o. ) so what do he do ? vick ( v.o. ) he continue talk to she . 138 youcast - mozilla firefox - later 138 marvin click '' edit profile . '' he change he account info . vick ( v.o. ) ...- make up a story . marvin enter a new age ( 18 ) and a new location ( Pittsburgh , PA ) . but before he change he profile picture , he travel to - google image search - mozilla firefox - and type '' teacher '' before backspace and type '' retail '' before backspace and type : '' diner waitress . " enter . result load . vick ( v.o. ) ..- a new identity . the image on the fifth row : a familiar stock photo of '' Hannah pardy , '' the woman we now know to be a model in LA . click . vick ( v.o. ) for six month , he be she friend . 139 Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 106 . youcast - mozilla firefox we watch a series of familiar youcast broadcast . in they , marvin make up a story about a sick mother and - vick ( v.o. ) it be just role - play . harmless . we watch margot , talk , talk , talk ... in one youcast broadcast , margot speak excitedly from the - lake margot by the way I be send you a little surprise I have be save for tomorrow . I think you be gonna really -- homicide agent ( v.o. ) until the money . ding . marvin 's desktop a venmo notification slide onto the screen , notify fish_n_chip of a new transaction . vick ( v.o. ) she find he username on venmo . click . suddenly , we be look at - venmo - mozilla firefox a transaction receipt of $ 2,500 . its description : a emoji . vick ( v.o. ) $ 2,500 to take care of hospital expense . int . interrogation room ( tape interview ) 139 homicide agent expense that do not exist . vick she be a good kid . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 107 . homicide agent and that be the cash he be return . vick he have to come clean . it be over . homicide agent why do not he just give it to she at school ? vick she could have react the wrong way . in public . marvin do not like that kind of attention -- homicide agent -- so he follow she . traffic camera feed alone in she green Toyota , margot take the exit for the 152 East in gilroy , California , capture on camera . but one thing none of we notice the first time : vick ( v.o. ) he follow she . in the car directly behind margot , a stone - face marvin . 140 int . interrogation room ( tape interview ) 140 homicide agent and what be margot do when you son arrive at the lake . vick she be get high , in she car . homicide agent and what happen then ? vick he get inside . homicide agent what be margot 's reaction ? pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 108 . vick she scream . she hit he . by the time marvin notice he be bleed , she be already run and dial for help . marvin chase after . but it be pitch black . homicide agent where do he catch up with she ? vick a few hundred yard west of the lake . homicide agent by the ravine . vick she be punch . yelling . marvin just react . he push back once and ... she fall . just disappear . and then it be quiet . homicide agent ( beat ) so then you son call , ask for you help to cover up a murder -- vick -- no . it be my decision . iphone UI - vick phone the original call . vick try to calm marvin down . vick ( v.o. ) baby ? baby ? I need you to take that breath we talk about , okay ? I do not want you call anyone . Mom will be there in a second . 141 ext . vick 's house - day ( news footage ) 141 on CNN , we see police escort a stone - face marvin from he house into a police vehicle while - vick ( v.o. ) it be my decision . not he . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 109 . 142 int . interrogation room ( tape interview ) 142 homicide agent so now you be look down this ravine . could you see margot 's body ? vick no. homicide agent do you go down ? vick I try . but it be narrow , jag , and at least 50 foot to rock bottom . impossible without sar . homicide agent then how do you figure -- vick -- she be dead ? it be narrow , jag , and at least 50 foot to rock bottom . and it be dead quiet . homicide agent so you help you son . vick I put she phone in the car and dumped the car in the lake . homicide agent and the cash ? vick nothing could trace back to he . homicide agent then what ? vick then I think about my option . a police investigation be inevitable . homicide agent so you decide to head it . vick I need to convince David he daughter run away . 143 144 pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 110 . photoshop - vick computer 143 we see vick 's cursor upload a California driver 's license belong to Rachel jeun to photoshop , and replace the picture with one of margot 's . then she change the address . vick ( v.o. ) I photoshop a id ... venmo - mozilla firefox click . marvin 's venmo account be '' deactivate . '' vick ( v.o. ) ... tell David that marvin 's venmo belong to margot and that marvin 's account on youcast belong to a girl who do not actually exist . homicide agent ( v.o. ) but David find the car . vick ( v.0o . ) I scramble . first I delay the laptop from get to forensics . homicide agent ( v.o. ) then ? a familiar PRESS conference vick point to a map of the search area , tell reporter that the area west of the lake have already be clear . vick ( v.o. ) I tell the law enforcement team that we would already clear the zone I know she body be in and then tell the volunteer to look elsewhere . int . interrogation room ( tape interview ) 144 homicide agent -- but still it be only a matter of time before they have find the spot . 145 Blue Rev. ( 11/01 / 16 ) lll . vick that 's why I need a confession . it be the only thing I could do to stop it . homicide agent okay . let 's talk about Randy cartoff . silicon valley herald news website we see the newspaper photo of vick and Randy , smile . then - randy 's confession video - start to play . meanwhile - homicide agent ( v.o. ) so you drugge up a '' bum '' you know and feed he line ? randy ( look off - camera ) she be really hurt , be not she ? vick ( v.o. ) he be the only one without a family . homicide agent ( v.o. ) what do you do with the video ? liveleak - google chrome the video be upload to liveleak . vick ( v.o. ) I upload it . and plant he DNA near the lake . int . interrogation room ( tape interview ) 145 homicide agent be it really a suicide ? vick do not answer . homicide agent ( cont 'd ) he be murder , be not he ? silence . 146 Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 112. homicide agent ( cont 'd ) do you kill Randy cartoff ? vick break down . vick he 's my son . he make a mistake . we stay on vick for awhile . until finally - i/e . san jose street - back to present ( news footage ) 146 a aerial shot follows the suv that carry vick and David from the church . on the lower- third : '' report : lead detective in abducted / murdered teen's case arrested . " newscaster 3 ( v.o. ) for that of you just join from we affiliate in Sacramento , San Francisco and Los Angeles , we be now tracking a suv carry ... the car ( and its procession ) continue as - homicide agent ( v.o. ) and on the way to the station , when you tell all this to David , what do he do ? vick ( v.0o . ) he ask a question . homicide agent ( v.o. ) what do he ask ? the suv turn a signal on and begin to switch lane as - CNN anchor ( v.o . ) in just a few second , the suv will arrive at the police station where -- vick ( v.o . ) -- he ask if I be sure margot be dead . homicide agent ( v.o. ) and what do you say ? the suv approach a fork - in- the-road and - 147 Blue Rev. ( 11/01/16 ) 113. vick ( v.o. ) I say even if she survive that fall , she would have have to live 5 day without food or water . homicide agent ( v.o. ) and how do David respond ? the suv make a right turn as - — vick ( v.o. ) he correct I . he say 2 day . margot would have have to live without food or water for 2 day . ( beat ) there be a storm on Monday . suddenly - tire screech and siren blare as the suv crank a u-turn in the middle of the STREET ... ... and speed off in the opposite direction . ext . ravine - santa cruz mountain - day ( news footage ) 147 we be back in the Santa Cruz Mountains , where - the rescue mission be underway . from San Jose to New York , live footage of the operation ( capture by aerial and ground camera ) be stream on network across the nation . in the footage - a search -and -rescue helicopter hover over a deep ravine . text over the image : '' Santa Cruz Mountains , 5:06 pm PST . '' CNN anchor ( v.o. ) we be currently watch a rescue operation underway for miss teen margot Kim , who authority now believe be at the bottom of this Northern California ravine . above the ravine , police officer , fire marshal , and a hyper - anxious David Kim watch as - a rescue responder descend from the edge of the ravine and disappear into the abyss below . pink Rev. ( 11/04/16 ) 114 . 148 int . news station 5 ( news ) 148 a News anchor speak into the camera . to he leave , a ots graphic with the text : '' search become rescue . " news anchor 4 presumed dead only hour ago , the search for margot Kim be revitalize this evening after a suspect in custody have provide authority with Ms. Kim 's exact location . the only question that remain , however : be margot still alive ... or be it already too late ? 149 ext . ravine - santa cruz mountain - day ( news footage ) 149 David can barely contain he emotion while - news pundit ( v.o . ) I mean , be there even a chance she survive after all this time ? / even if she be to make it out of this , what kind of injury be we look at ? suddenly , the responder 's rope begin to raise as - 150 ext . ravine / int . news station 6 - split screen - continuouso a doctor be interview via split-screen , on CNN . text below id 's he as '' Dr. angel palacios , silicon Valley trauma . " doctor assume margot be still alive , and I pray that she be , we be realistically look ... at break leg , a sprain or break neck , injury to the spinal cord , severe blood clot from immobility , heavy bruise , hypothermia , dehydration , and that 's not even mention the mental damage : shock , trauma -- CNN anchor ( v.o. ) -- hold on guy . it look like something be happen . the split-screen disappear and back on the live rescue - 151 115 . ext . ravine - santa cruz mountain - continuous 151 David and a team of emt huddle as shape begin to emerge from ravine below . inch by inch by inch until - CNN anchor ( v.o. ) oh my god . there she be . strapped to a rescue basket , bruise and break , cover in dirt and blood and grime and place on the forest floor ... .+. be margot Kim . the emt immediately surround the unresponsive margot , check vital and slowly transport she body onto a stretcher when David push through the group . even from the high angle , we clearly track he emotion ... David gently caress he daughter 's body , kissing she and whispering into she ear for what seem like a eternity when - margot raise she hand to David 's face . David do not notice . until she touch he . smiling through he tear and cry through he laughter , David grip he daughter 's hand and step aside ... emt carry a barely - alive margot to a wait ambulance as we - fade out . desktop - margot 's laptop - 1 year later a familiar wallpaper of margot and Pam load first . then come the dock . then the cursor , which open - google chrome - and travel to '' sfmc.edu '' which autofill after the '' 's . '' the website load and suddenly we be on the splash page of the - san francisco music conservatory website - google chrome the cursor find a corner of the page with a small link : '' application status . '' click . on the next page , a progress bar : '' you application to study piano at the San Francisco Music conservatory be pending . please check again later for update . " suddenly - the cursor dart to - 152 116 . imessage - and start draft a text to '' dad '' when we realize who 's operate the computer : margot Kim . urgh still no news in they defense they do say they would ant let you know until october what if i dont get in you will get in . ps I never send you the photo from last month what—photo ? a photo be receive : a first - day-of-school -selfie , take at - ext . evercreek high school - day ( photo ) 152 even though margot now sit in a wheelchair , the face of David and margot remind we of the good old day . silly . happy . Love . imessage ew i look gross oh my god !! ido !!! anyways gotta go margot 's cursor return to the - san francisco music conservatory website - google chrome margot press refresh on the '' application status '' window . no update . but then , ding . intercut application status window and imessage 117 . totally understand . that page be not just gonna refresh itself that 's not what I be do . margot spam the refresh button . nothing . nothing . nothing . but in all seriousness I be so proud of you margot drag she cursor to the text while David bubbles . then - I know Mom would be , too know +} love _you eversince thank you for always remind I :) ok . now please focus on school . oh ! just remember ! I have a study group tonight . oh. okay ... where ? well that 's the thing . I actually tell they to come to we place . be that okay ? David bubbles for a beat . and then - yeah . it totally be . I will make muddy buddy . see you tonight . see you tonight . margot click on the Apple logo at the top-left of the screen . she press '' shut down '' and be about to confirm the selection on '' be you sure you want to shut down ? " when - she stop . then cancel the shut -down . margot scroll up she text chain with '' dad '' and find a photo . she right -click , scroll past a series of option , and settles on : '' set desktop picture . " click . and then - every app quit . the dock vanish . and we cursor disappear .