secondhand lion by Tim mccanly pink revision - November 3 , 2002 blue revision - September 13 , 2002 production draft - July 9 , 2002 pink revision - 11/3/02 1 . int . OPEN cockpit biplane - flying - day 1 old men ya-hoooo ! ! ! wearing goggle and helmet , two old man scream like crazy kid as they sputter biplane loop and roll . ext . beneath a shady highway underpass - day 2 a sheriff' deputy nap inside he police cruiser . suddenly , he radar wail : it flash " 120 " . roar ! the biplane blast past , upside down , the old man holler and wave . the cop screech off after the biplane light and siren blazing . int . OPEN cockpit biplane - flying - day 3 upside down , the old man cackle as the police cruiser quickly , impotently fall away below . ext . low , on the ground - sunset 4 the plane fly away , barely under control : it careen and sputter off into a huge heroic sunset . int . cluttered artist studio - day 5 a phone ring . a hand sketches : a whimsical lion peer out of a cornfield . the artist pick up the phone : artist ( into phone ) hello ? telephone ( v.0 . ) walter caldwell ...? I have bad news . it 's about you two uncle ... int . modern -era car - moving - day 6 he drive past a lonely landscape . a distant voice echoes : mae ( v.0 . ) walter ...? walter ...?! white revision - 8/25/02 int . beat - up mid -50' cadillac - moving - day match dissolve : a boy , walter stare out at the same landscape . he be pale , quiet : one of life 's wallflower . the clothes , the car , the road sign , the radio music ... all say the time be now the early 1960' . his mother , mae , drive ; she be far deeper into she desperate thirty than she will ever admit . mae walter ! good news ! you be spend the summer with you two uncle .... walter choke , lunge for the window and hang out it throwing - up . mae scowl , fire up a long cigarette . mae ( cont would ) it will only be a few week , a month or two , top . I will definitely come get you before school start . walter turn from the window and sit , pale . walter that 's what you say at that summer camp . and the time with the nun . and before that ... mae walter ! look ! I promise this time . scout 's honor . ok ...? cross-my-heart-hope-to-die ! ok ? walter still be not buy it . mae sigh . mae ( cont would ) walter : someday you be gonna have to learn to trust people . or you will grow up bitter and disappointed . he look bitter and disappointed right now . walter where you go this time ? mae " the Fort Worth College of Court report " . I meet a guy last night , he 's pull some string . Court Reporters have they pick of good job , and they pick of good husband material : lawyer , judge , cop ... walter think ; dissolve to : white revision - 8/25/02 walter' imagination - a courtroom dreamlike , a quick jump into walter 's head : in a imagine courtroom , mae busily court -report , avoid the admire smile of respectable lawyer , cop , the judge ... ... and return the lewd grin of a slimy convict in chain . back to scene walter sigh , glumly look back out the window . mae you will have fun with you uncle . you will see . walter Mom . you be a only child . ( off she look : ) I know what uncle be . mae color slightly , exhales hard , a blast of smoke . mae well Mr. smarty - pants , they really be you uncle : you great uncle my mother 's brother . they disap - pear forty year ago and just now show up back here in Texas . walter can not I come with you ? mae no ! I be gonna be work my little tail off learn Court report ! I be do everything I can to keep this family together , walter . how about some help here ?! ok ? he nod , retreat back into he silence . mae ( cont would ) now look . they say this two old man get million stashed away , in cash . they get no kid , nobody to leave all that money to . and I and you , why , we be as close as any family they get ... walt you want they to like I so they will die and leave we they money ? ( continued ) 9 10 white revision - 8/25/02 4. continued : 9 mae we could settle down , maybe buy a house : would not that be nice ...? ( walter look wistful ) but watch out for other relative . you would not believe all the crook , backstabber and thief we have in this family ... walter nod soberly . mae turn the cadillac onto a dirt road ; it 's flanke by a huge terrifying sign : " no trespassing ! violator will disappear ! " walter gasp . mae ( cont would ) this be it ! oh , look at you face . she tsk - tsk , spit in a kleenex , rub it over he face , as he big eye follow more alarming sign : " danger ! explosive ! " " keep out ! weapon testing range ! " mae ( cont would ) by the way : I hear this two be in some state nuthouse for forty year , and get all they money from a big lawsuit or something ... walter gulp . more sign : " loose rabid attack dog ! " " nuclear radiation ! personnel in protective suit only ! " walter maybe we should 'a call first .... mae naa ! older people just love surprise .... here we be ! the cadillac pull up ; walter look out , gulp : ext . the uncle ' home / compound - day 10 a ramshackle home : a tower lean crookedly . Beyond , a wide , blue lake fade into the horizon . motley chicken loiter around a old barn . a old truck rust silently . dog howl : a pack of ugly stray dog race up and slam into the car , howling , wailing , tooth snapping . mae show they you be friendly . let they smell you hand . walter think not . the dog be join by a large squealing hog , another member of the dog pack . then gunshot : the dog race off . more gunshot and yell . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 5. 10 11 continued : 10 mae ( cont would ) sound like they be down by that lake . come on . ext . shore of the lake - day 11 in shallow water , a catfish swim . the water explode . stand out in the lake , wear big hip - wader , hub and garth fire shotgun down into the water . ka - boom ! hub where would it go ? garth there ! between you foot ! hub ha ! wing he ! garth he 's run for it ! both blast away at the frantic fish : bam -bam -bam ! click garth ( cont would ) damn ! empty ! hub you get ammo ! I will cover he ! mae ( 0.s. ) yoo hoo ! startle , both look up : at the shoreline , mae wave . hub ( to garth , disgust ) you send for a hooker ? mae uncle hub ! uncle garth ! it 's I ! mae ! you niece ! Pearl 's daughter and I bring walter ! you nephew ! behind she , walter peer out timidly . the two man curse : garth relative ! hub damn it ! 12 13 blue revision - 11/3/02 6 . ext . uncle's home back porch - day 12 the wet angry man storm up , pursue by the wheedling mae . hub we be old , dammit ! leave we alone garth last thing we need be some little sissy - boy hang around all summer the furious man storm inside . mae smile at she son . mae walter honey ? why do not you stay out here and play . she go in ; walter sit , hear the argument continue : mae ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) he can help out here ! do chore ! hub ( 0.s. ) help out ? look at he : the kid 's a damn weenie ! mae ( 0.s. ) that 's why he need to be around real man ! like you two ! walter sigh . a shadow cover he : the pig glare right in walter 's face , eyeball to eyeball , almost ... hungrily . walter good boy . Nice doggie ! go play . the pig growls , a pretty - fair dog imitation . walter ( cont would ) mom. ..? ext . uncle home / by the cadillac - day 13 mae start the engine . beside the car , walter stand miserable , shoulder slump , a shoddy bag at he foot . mae this be for you own good , walter ... you know , I bet all that money 's hide real close - by . imagine ! Real bury treasure , like in that book you be always read ! walter 's misery remain impregnable . mae give up . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/3/02 7 . 13 14 continued : 13 mae ( cont would ) walter : maybe if you would smile once in a while , then people might like you . he see two hostile uncle stare , arm cross , furious . mae ( cont would ) now . give I a big smile to remember you by . walter try : it 's more of a grimace than a grin . mae ( cont would ) you be gonna have to work on that smile while I be go . ok ? walter nod solemnly . mae blow a kiss and motor off . morose , walter watch the dog chase the cadillac away . walter pick up he bag , turn , look up at the brother : ok , now what ? finally : garth well . Supper time . int . the kitchen table - day 14 walter watch the uncle wolf down fish , steak , sausage . the dog and the pig crowd to look in a porch window . walter stare down at huge portion of shot - up fish , steak and sausage . he try the fish , bite something hard , spit a shotgun pellet out onto he plate : plink . sigh . he hack off a chunk of steak , chew with all he strength . walter this steak be ... weird . hub venison ! not steak ! walter frown , decide to try the sausage : not bad . hub ( cont would ) pork ! garth we raise we own pig . walter freeze mid-bite , look at the window : now the pig glare even more murderously at he , and growls . then , hub suddenly slam he fist down on the table . ( continued ) 14 15 blue revision - 11/3/02 8. continued : 14 hub know what I hate about houseguest ? this ! dinner table chit-chat ! acting so damn nice and polite ! garth Hell hub ! then just be yourself ! hub glare at walter : well ? walter gulp , nod , agree . dinner resume , in silence . walter eat and try to ignore the pig 's now - murderous stare . ext . front porch - late day 15 the uncle sit , sip huge glass of what may be iced tea ; beside they , two shotgun stand ready , close at hand . sitting on the porch step , walter wonder : they seem to be wait for something ... finally , he sigh . walter if my mom call , can we hear the phone out here ? garth do not have one . walter no telephone ? walter think about that . walter ( cont would ) ok if I watch television ? garth ai not get one . walter no television ? what do you do ? dizzy , walter wonder if he 's fall off the edge of the planet . gravel crunch : a car approach . both man lean forward , pump they shotgun . below , a smiling salesman alight from he car . salesman gentlemen ! Word be out you two be sophisticated man of mean . do you worry about the future ? of course you do ! that 's why I , a representative of the Mississippi mutual insurance company ... ( continued ) 15 16 blue revision - 11/3/02 9 . continued : 15 blam-blam ! hub and garth fire blast just over the salesman 's head . walter yelp , duck . the salesman shriek , jump in he car , screech off . the dog howl and chase the car away . walter shiver , stunne ; he stare as the brother calmly sit back down , drink , and reload . walter there 's plenty of entertainment on tv . Educational stuff too ! it 's a good thing to do in the evening ! gravel crunch again . the brother raise they shotgun . a grinning salesman appear : grinning salesman rumor have it you two get million stashed away ! why not put that money to work for you with the high return only invest in gold and silver can bring .... blam-blam-blam ! another salesman flee for he life . the brother sip reflectively , and reload . walter everybody love tv ! you oughta get one ! you would like it ! really ! the brother consider that . gravel crunch : a beaming salesman open he trunk : a display of kitchen gadget . blam ! blam ! blam ! the salesman hightail it away . finally , hub turn to walter , and say definitively : hub no tv . the brother sit back reflectively . garth Nice evening ... peaceful . int . stair leading up - night 16 walter gingerly cradle a light lantern and he bag ; he stare up at narrow , steep stair , wind up out of sight . garth you sleep up there ... the tower it sound so ominous . walter gulp , nod , inch upstairs . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 10 . 16 17 18 19 continued : 16 garth ( cont would ) hey ! we do not know nothing about kid . if you need something .... hub find it yourself ! better yet learn to do without ! garth we be both gettin ' old ... hub ... and fixin ' to die any minute ! if we kick off in the middle of the night , you be on you own . eye huge , walter stare at they , he imagination whirl : walter' imagination - the kitchen 17 in he p.j.s , walter come in for breakfast , yawns , calmly sit at the table beside two clothed skeleton , the former hub and garth . walter nonchalantly munch he cheerios . back to scene - with walter on the stair 18 walter flinch , nod ; he continue up the steep step . hub jumpy little feller . garth mmmm . quiet though .... int . walter' tower room - night 19 walter stagger in , look around ... the tower room be heape with debris , trunk , chest , suitcase , junk . he open he bag , take out a toothbrush , see a small door by the stair : a bathroom ? he open the door something tumble over he : a old Santa Claus costume . he try on the beard , admire he reflection in a murky mirror . then , he hear : downstairs , two snore - world - champion warble and hit every snoring - note man can hear . he sigh , brush he tooth , further explore the room : one trunk be cover with exotic travel sticker . he finger the big padlock . lock . walter look crush . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 11 . 19 20 21 continued : 19 he crawl into bed ; as he lean out to blow out the candle he grab a big knob on the headboard ... the knob come off in he hand , he tumble onto the floor walter stare at the knob in he hand : a key fall out . walter look at the key , then at the lock trunk . he try the key in the lock . click : it fit . slowly , he open the lid : creak ... empty . no money , no jewel , only : walter Sand ...? puzzle , he run he finger through sand that cover the trunk bottom . enchant , he sniff a handful : it smell exotic . music echoes , evocative , Arabic perhaps . beneath the sand he see something , pick it up : it 's a fade photo of the most beautiful woman he 's ever see ; dark hair , olive skin , pierce eye . walter wonder . bang ! a door slam . walter leap to the window , look out : below , hub stride purposefully out of the house carry a toilet plunger ; he disappear into darkness . walter run out of the room , leap down the stair . ext . the front porch - night 20 walter burst out the front door , run after hub . ext . the lake shore - night 21 walter arrive at the lake , look around : no one there . it 's spooky . a noise : startle , walter turn ... hub loom over he , the toilet plunger raise in attack . walter aaaagh ! walter cower . but hub stumble on past , down towards the water . walter stare : hub now stand at the shore , wait ; silently , the dog and pig all join walter . walter ( cont would ) he 's sleep - walk ! the dog lay down , eye fix on hub. watch . wait . hub smile , a cold smile . then , with a cry , he swing he plunger like a sword and begin to fight : parry , thrust , savage overhead cut ... walter watch , eye wide ; from far away , he hear echoe of sword clanging , hoofbeat , whinnie , cry of men in battle . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 12 . 21 22 23 24 continued : 21 walter and the animal watch the thrill moonlit battle at the water 's edge . match dissolve to : ext . the lake shore - dawn 22 Morning . walter , the dog , and the pig all sleep curl up together . walter stir , sit up , look around : the lakeshore be desert , hub be go . walter wonder : be it all a dream ? a rooster crow . frantic , he run toward the house . ext . back porch / rear door into kitchen - morning 23 walter skulk up , look in : at the table , garth work on huge stack of mail . garth stand , walk out . int . kitchen - morning 24 walter sneak in , start for the stair ... but the stack of mail be too intrigue . he thumb through the mail : it 's all coupon response from magazine and mail order catalog ; all have " please have a salesman call " check or write in . walter gasp , shocked . footstep approach . walter panic , try to look innocent , as garth enter . garth think you would run away . walter shake he head " no " . garth hurriedly gather up the mail , put it away . then , garth crack egg into a huge fry pan full of sizzling sausage . walter sit , confuse . finally , he just have to ask : walter y-y- you send mail to all that salesmen ? you ask they to come here so you can shoot at they ? garth ( sigh , finally nod ) do not tell hub . it would take all the fun out , ruin it for he . walter look even more confuse . garth stir the egg . garth ( cont would ) every man need a hobby . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 13 . 24 continued : 24 walter consider that . hub enter , rub he shoulder . hub brand new mattress . and I be still waking up tired and sore . garth smile knowingly , then see walter stare at hub . garth wonder , dish out egg and sausage . walter eat , then freeze , he 's be watch : in the window , the pig now have a angry rooster perch on its head ; now two animal glare murderously at he . sigh . walter so ... you two disappear for forty whole year ? where be you ? the brother chew reflectively . finally .... garth Africa , mostly . walter Africa ? where in Africa ? garth North Africa . Morocco , Algeria , kenya , the Sudan .... hub ... but that be long ago , and we be old and worthless now ! all eat . silence . walter try again . walter still , I bet you two sure get lotsa good storey to tell , huh ...? hub story ! ai not nothing sadder than a couple 'a have - beens jabber about the " good old day " . that day be through , and so be we ! all eat in silence . Long pause . garth I do not know how a feller can concentrate on eat with all this talk - talk - talk . for just a second , walter think he see a twinkle in garth 's eye . then , it 's go . white revision - 8/25/02 14 . ext . the garden - day 25 the uncle and the boy hack at hard Texas earth , the start of a ambitious garden . walter struggle with a too-large hoe . the dog and pig watch , puzzle . hub i_ hate this ! garth we be retire . garden be what retire people do . hub why the hell do we want any damn vegetable , anyway ? garth they be good for you . make you live to be a hundred . hub to hell with that ! he throw down he hoe , storm off . garth get old 's bad enough ! get piss - off about it do not help ! walter absorb this . a horn honk : a car drive up , across the new garden row : loud relative pile out , all talk at once : ralph ; helen ; martha , 13 ; and two wild boy , 9 . all ( all talk ) uncle garth ! where 's uncle hub ? kid , say hello to uncle garth ! child hello uncle garth ! adult ( all talk ) we be here for a nice long visit , the whole weekend ! we know how lonely we favorite uncle get ! garth curse , throw down he hoe , storm off . the loving smile instantly disappear : all turn and glare at walter . ralph who be you ? walter w-w-walter . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 15 . 25 continued : 25 helen walter , walter ... mae 's boy ? walter nod . the other look confuse . helen explain : helen ( cont would ) Pearl 's daughter . that loose widow - woman , always " run around " . ralph figure she would try to muscle in . helen be mae here ? ( walter shake he head ) how long be you here for ? ( he shrug , who know ? ) well ! we will just see about that ! she storm off . screech ! the kid fly in all direction . the dogpack yelp , scatter . Ralph glare at walter ralph we know what you be up to . and you be not get away with it . he stalk off . walter think . then he throw down he hoe and walk toward the house . 26 ext . back porch / rear door into kitchen - day 26 walter reach the door , start to go in , but hear : helen ( 0.s. ) Men at you age ! take in that strange little boy ! he 's probably robbing you blind ! Inside , walter see hub and helen arguing , toe to toe . helen ( cont would ) if you want young people around you be welcome to any of mine ! they be very well behave ! walter hear a squeal behind he , turn : the two wild boy ride the terrorize pig , bawling indian war -whoop . walter roll he eye , look back inside : 27 int . the kitchen - day 27 hub Hell ! we do not want any damn kid ! ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 16 . 27 28 29 continued : 27 helen you two can not even take care of yourselves ! now you take in this strange boy with all he problem ?! garth his momma 's due back before long . helen that woman ? ha ! what I hear , she may never come back ! what then ? you will be stick with he ! walter - at the rear screen door 28 walter , miserable , back away . he slink off . ext . the front porch - day 29 martha sit read , see walter stare at she . she raise a haughty eyebrow : " well ? " on the spot , he babble : walter I read a lot of book too . martha oooh . I be so impressed . he peer at she book : " horse " . he start to speak ... martha ( cont would ) yes : horse . daddy say when my uncle die I can have a pony . walter blink , scramble to think of another opener . walter uncle hub and uncle garth tell how they use to live in Africa . martha they be big fat liar . that 's what daddy say . he should know . he 's a lawyer . walter but , but ...! then where be they for forty year ? where would they get all they money ? martha they rob bank . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 17 . 29 30 31 continued : 29 walter gasp . martha be quite matter - of-fact . martha ( cont would ) daddy have it all figure out . year ago , there be this two famous bank robber nobody ever catch . they wear disguise ... ( walter look dizzy ) the famous Santa Claus bandit . walter gasp , shake . daze , he slowly go inside . int . kitchen - day 30 helen take he to the county boy 's home ! they know how to handle troublemaker like he ! garth if he momma do not show back up soon , we may have to ... hub if we be lucky , we will not live that long ! walter slink in . hub and helen stand toe- to - toe . helen I be tell you : take he to the orphanage right this minute ! hub whether we take he to the orphanage or tie he up and throw he in the lake , it 's we business , not yours ! walter gasp : all turn , see he stand there , wide - eye . ralph here he be now ! spy ! Ralph roughly grab walter : walter panic , kick out and smack Ralph 's knee hard ; Ralph yelp , walter bolt away . ext . high overlooking the house - day 31 walter race out the front door and down the driveway ; he streak toward the road , run away as fast as he can . blue revision - 11/3/02 18. 32 int . college receptionist - evening 32 a receptionist put on she hat and coat to leave ; but one last call come in . she sigh , answer . receptionist Fort Worth College of Court report .... walter ( 0.s. ) I need to find my mom ! she 's a student there ! receptionist I be sorry , we be close ... 33 ext . phone booth outside close gas station - evening 33 walter : exhaust , face streak with dirt and tear . she sigh , walter it 's a emergency ! please ! her name 's mae ! mae coleman ! scan a card file . intercut phone conversation . receptionist hmmm . I be sorry , there 's no mae coleman register here . walter oh , well , try mae Carter .... receptionist uh ... no , I be sorry ... walter how about mabel cartwright ? mame callaway ? donna tomko ? receptionist Young man , be you in some kind of trouble ? walter she 's gotta be there ! she just start .... she take a deep breath , and reply delicately : receptionist we class all start back in January . no one could possibly have just start .... ( continued ) 33 34 35 36 blue revision - 11/3/02 19 . continued : 33 walter gasp , turn white , the wind knock out of he . receptionist ( cont would ) hello ? hello ? Young man ! where be you ...? walter panic , hang up . as darkness fall , a small figure sit on the gas station 's low front step and bury he head in he knee . ext . ralph be new 1962 buick - night 34 a new 1962 buick pull up to a stop sign with three unhappy man inside , out look for walter . hub grind the gear . ralph ouch ! hub ! I do not know why you have to drive , it 's my car .... hub stop whining ! hub grind the gear again . Ralph glower . ralph when we find he , that kid 's gonna get a piece of my mind ! down a way , garth see the gas station ... and walter . garth there he be .... ext . the gas station - night 35 walter study a piece of paper . the buick pull in , run over the air hose : ding -ding . walter look up , go back to study he paper ext . the buick at the gas station - night 36 garth and Ralph start to get out . hub lawyer . stay in the car . Ralph start to argue , see hub 's glare , sit back down . hub nod " go ahead " to garth , settles back to wait . garth hub . come on . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 20 . 36 37 continued : 36 hub what ? I ? you go . garth hub . get out of the car . hub curse , follow garth over . ext . front of gas station - night 37 walter study he paper . garth sit on the curb beside walter , motion for hub to sit . hub scowl , but sit . they look at walter 's paper , a page rip from a phone book : it 's the area code map of the United States . garth Planning you next move ? walter nod . Studies he map . garth ( cont would ) where you figure on go ? walter here . Area code 406 ... Montana . garth why Montana ? walter they license plate say " Big Sky country " . hub and garth nod . it 's a good choice . pause . hub family ...! garth hat hub mean be : sometimes , family a be a real pain in the butt . os walter 's lower - lip quiver , he hide he face in he knee . the two brother look awkward . garth ( cont would ) how come you be not head to Ft. Worth , where you momma be ? walter she 's not there . she lie . again hub and garth exchange troubled look : uh oh . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 21 . 37 continued : 37 garth you get a father somewhere ? walter Mom say he die . World War two . hub and garth exchange " wait a minute " look . garth kid . that war be over twenty year ago ! walter yeah , she 's not good with number . he probably just take off before I be old enough to remember . garth look kid . we know you get you heart set on Montana , but it 's late ... hub , help I out here . hub why ? sound like he mind 's make up . good luck in Montana , kid ! hub stand to go ; garth yank he back down . garth we get better map than that one , back at the house . right hub ? hub a man need a good map , that 's for sure .... all nod : all agree on the importance of good map . walter I have be in the orphan home before . I do not wanna go back hub dammit kid ! it be not we fault you get a lousy damn mother ! hub be puzzle why garth now glare furiously at he . hub ( cont would ) what ?! walter stand . consult he map , orient himself . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 22 . 37 38 continued : ( 2 ) 37 walter I should get go . which way be north ? hub point . garth shove hub 's hand down , glare at he . Ralph angrily honk he horn . hub note it : hub I will say one thing for this kid : he sure piss off the relative . that give garth a idea , a inspire idea : garth look kid : do we a favor ! if you come back to the house and stay awhile , why , we relative will hate it ! in fact , I bet they will hate it so much they will go away and leave we all the hell alone ! hub it 's so crazy , it just might work ! garth so kid . c'mon ! help we out here ! walter hesitates . hub frown at he watch . hub make up you mind ! we get salesmen back home , waitin ' on we ! walter oh. guess I could come back , for awhile . see it 's so important ... all stand and nod agreement , as if they have just conclude a deal . hub and garth walk walter back to the car ext . front porch - day 38 the relative sit beam at hub and garth with phony smile : they be still here . hub look over at walter : hub so , kid ! how 's that root beer ? walter sip a huge root beer , nod : it 's good . then , he blink : the relative now glare murderously at he . hub and garth lean back , satisfied : " the plan " be work . helen give Ralph a " go on " sign . he clear he throat : ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 23 . 38 continued : 38 ralph uncle hub , uncle garth , this have be such a wonderful weekend , so I hate to bring this up : but do you two look at that will I leave you ? hub and garth shake they head , and spit . ralph ( cont would ) it 's best to be prepare ... garth we be not plan on die any time soon . hub speak for yourself ! ralph you both need to be think about this thing , at you age . gravel crunch : a car pull up . a salesman . hub and garth smile , jack round into they shotgun : ka - chunk ka - helen shriek . walter cover he ear . below , this smart salesman leap out and quickly crouch down behind he car , safe behind cover hub damn ! garth he 's be here before .... smart salesman ( 0.s. ) do not shoot ! safe behind he car , the salesman wave a white flag . garth this be no ordinary salesman ...! hub I like a challenge . smart salesman Brothers mccann ! let 's talk hub come out where we can see you ! ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 24 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 smart salesman put down you gun ! then I will come out ! garth this guy be good . hub I will cover he , you sneak around .... walter tug at hub 's shirt ; hub wheel around , snap : hub ( cont would ) what ? ! walter w-w - why not see what he 's sell ? hub what the hell for ? walter m-m - maybe it 's something you want ! to b-b-buy ! hub and garth exchange flabbergasted look : it 's never occur to they . this greatly upset the relative : helen you uncle know better than to squander they money like that helen yank walter away , but walter still call out : walter but what good be have all that money if you never spend any ? ( relative look alarmed ) it 's no good to you after you be go ! Ralph 's hand reach for walter 's neck . the uncle think : garth could be , the kid have a point ...! hub we will see what the man 's sell ... then we shoot he . garth good plan ! both lower they shotgun and amble toward the salesman . relative groan . walter break away and follow . white revision - 8/25/02 25 . 39 the salesman beside he car 39 the wary , sweaty salesman see the brother approach . smart salesman gentlemen ! after we previous unsettle encounter , I have searched the world over for the perfect item for two exuberant sportsman such as yourselves . and I have find it ! he pop open he trunk , remove a large contraption . smart salesman ( cont would ) voila ! walter what be it ? smart salesman the sport of king ! up to now , only head of State could afford a fine piece of equipment like this . and it 's simple enough this child can operate it ! walter really ? smart salesman my boy , just press this button ... walter press a button : a powerful arm fling a clay pigeon skyward . the salesman grab a shotgun out of he trunk , swing it up , and ka - pow ! he blast the clay pigeon . hub and garth gasp : it 's Love at first sight . walter wow ! smart salesman the most powerful machine on the market ! and very reasonably priced ! the relative all scowl and babble : helen why , that 's the biggest waste of money I have ever ...! ralph mister , you load up that contraption and get the hell out .... ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 26 . 39 40 41 42 43 continued : 39 hub we'll take it ! garth and all the target and ammunition you can get ! helen oh_ no you do not ! I will not have my child around all this gun - foolishness ! hub then leave ! garth pull out a huge money - wad , peel off big bill . helen fume , storm off ; she furious family follow . as garth count out money , the salesman nearly faint : the once -in-a- lifetime moment every salesman dream of . the relative drive away : all glare dagger at walter . summer montage - the front porch - next day 40 evocative music plays . walter stare , stunne , at the front porch heape with case of target and ammo . summer montage - lake shore - the skeet shoot machine 41 walter , with make -shift hearing protection , load up the skeet machine , pull the handle . clang ! clay pigeon whoosh out over the lake . hub and garth blast away , never miss . summer montage - a seed salesman 42 walter watch garth select a variety of colorful seed packet from a seed salesman . nearby , hub scowl . summer montage - the garden 43 the uncle and walter finish plant and admire they handiwork . hub pull out he pouch of chew tobacco , get a plug ; he hold the pouch out to garth , who take some . without think , hub then hold it out to walter . walter anxiously peer deep into the tobacco pouch . bravely , he take the smallest possible piece , put it in he mouth , chew ... and swallows . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 27 . 43 44 45 46 47 48 continued : 43 walter instantly turn green and start gagging . garth slap he on the back and glare at hub . walter give hub a pain look of " how could you ? " hub scowl . summer montage - the garden 44 a sprout have just break the soil . Beyond , walter lie on the ground , stare at it , amaze . the music end . ext . the house - late night 45 the house be dark , except for a light high up in the tower . int . the tower - night 46 walter sit in bed , stare at the evocative picture of the mysterious beautiful woman . the arabic theme plays . a door slam downstairs . walter jump up , look out : garth walk toward the barn . walter run downstairs . int . door into the barn - night 47 walter peer in : garth push aside hay bale , reveal ... a trapdoor in the floor . garth descend into the ground . walter gasp : frighten , but fascinate . he skulk up near the hole , peer down ... he hear garth climbing back up . he leap into a pile of hay , burrow deep inside . garth emerge , count a big wad of cash . he push hay bale back into place and leave . beat . walt ( 0.s. ) ahhh - choo ! Inside the haystack , two eye open wide with wonder . int . the hiding place under the barn - night 48 a flashlight click on , walter gasp : the room be heape with canvas money bag . Bank bag . loose bill lay scattered everywhere . walter inspect one bag 's lettering : " first Bank of New York " . suddenly : arf ! arf ! startle , walter look up : above , the dog and pig stare down at he curiously . walter oh ! you scared I ! ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 28. 48 49 continued : 48 walter and the animal look at all the money . walter ( cont would ) this money look steal to you ? ( the dog look suspicious ) yeah . I too . walter think . he come to a decision . walter ( cont would ) there 's something we gotta do . ext . by the lake - late night 49 the dog and pig watch walter dig a hole . walter pick up : the Santa Claus costume . walter if the cop find this Santa Claus costume , the uncle go to jail and we be all homeless . the dog seem to understand . the pig sniff the costume , allow walter to bury it . walter tamp down the cover hole . there . then , the dog bark , run off . curious , walter follow , see : at the lake 's edge , hub stand look far out over the water . it 's eerie . walter ( cont would ) U -u-uncle hub ? no answer . walter shiver , finally reach out to hub ... but a hand grab he , walter yelp : it 's garth . garth do not . I try to wake he once , he nearly take my head off . let 's give he a few minute .... ( realize ) what be you do out this late ? walter shrug innocently . they sit on a rise , overlook the lake . hub stand there , motionless . the wind blows . walter what 's wrong with he ? garth well ... a man 's body grow old , but inside , he spirit can be as young and restless as ever . and he ... in he day , he have more spirit than twenty man . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 29 . 49 continued : 49 walter nod : hub stare far out over the distant horizon . walter it look like ... he 's look for something . garth sigh sadly ... and finally nod . walter ( cont would ) what ? what 's he look for ? garth he 's look for she . walter who ? what be she name ? Long pause . finally , garth answer . garth jasmine . walter wonder , eye wide , remember the photo he find . walter ok ! tell I . the dog and pig gather closer , as if to listen themselves . garth you want I to tell the story ? now ? it will take day .... walter there 's no tv : what else have we get to do ? garth much of it 's second , third hand . rumor , really . I be not there for some of it , and hub damn sure will not talk about it . walter nod and wait , eye plead . garth sigh . garth ( cont would ) well . my brother be always too restless for Texas . so he convinced we folk he need to go to Europe . and that I need to come along . that be the summer of 1914 . a steamship whistle blows . walter 's mind whirl : white revision - 8/25/02 30 . 50 51 52 53 walter' imagination - a steamship gangplank / pier 50 young hub and garth , both late teens , leave a ship and enter a exotic french port , full of colorful character . garth ( 0.s. ) unfortunately , just as we arrive in France , so do the kaiser and the entire german army . they see headline : " Germany invade ! " garth ( cont would ) I want to go home , but hub say we would tour Europe one step ahead of the Germans . so we do . what a time that be ! I remember this girl from toulon . twin ! we .... garth and walter 51 garth catch himself , cough , skip that part . garth anyway ... eventually , we wound up in marseille , with passage book on the last ship out of Europe , leave in the morning . my brother decide we should spend we last night enjoy the local nightlife . walter' imagination - a wild can - can bar 52 a wild bar : full of can - can girl , sailor , soldier . garth ( 0.s. ) he make friend with some soldier . they buy we drink : strange , strong drink .... we wake up ona ship , bound for North Africa . shanghaie . walter ( 0.s. ) shanghaie ! walter' imagination - in the hold of a ship 53 the brother wake up , disorient . other shanghaied men waken in the same state . a sergeant yell order . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/3/02 31 . 53 54 54a 54b continued : 53 garth we find ourselves in the french foreign legion . " it 's all my fault " , my brother say . he tell I not to worry , he would make sure nothing happen to I . walter' imagination - a fierce trench battle - day 54 in a narrow front - line trench , garth duck : two arab on horseback fly past just overhead . he leap up , panic : a arab horseman loom over he , sword high : garth 's a goner . but then : hub fly in , tackle the arab , finish he , grin at he brother . garth sigh , smile he thanks . garth and , in four long year of fight all over North Africa , battle Germans , Turks , and Arabs , nothing ever do . he save my life countless time .... walter' imagination - a fortress parapet wall - day 54a turk with ladder attack a fortress wall : garth try to fire , but he rifle 's jamme ... a huge turk loom , sword raise . garth lamely fumble for he sword ... hub fly in , snatch up he rifle and swing : arm flail as the turk on the ladder fall away . hub grin , hurry off . garth we fight in many battle , against overwhelming odd , against countless enemy , all fierce and worthy , every one . walter' imagination - a epic battle - night 54b greatly outnumber , garth fight with sword on horseback . a huge arab knock garth off he horse , he fall , can not stand : he leg be break . helpless , garth see he comrade fall : a line of arab , german , and turk overrun the front line , scream ... he 's do for . but then : out of the smoke , hub gallop in , swing garth up behind he , they ride away , the last survivor of the epic battle . garth he be promote to Captain , I to Lieutenant . 55 56 blue revision - 11/3/02 31a . walter - listening raptly 55 garth ( 0.s . ) after the war , we go we separate way ... I end up lead safaris , mostly for writer and Hollywood folk . but that be too tame for hub . he get commission from the new North African government to put a end to the slave trade .... walter' imagination - a desert oasis 56 horseman top a hill : young hub and he bedouin gallop into a encampment . clang ! sword collide , slavetraders fight ; veile arab women , prisoner tie together , wail . hub frees the woman , then single - handedly stand off a counter - attack . the woman all watch he , amaze . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 32. 56 57 58 59 continued : 56 garth ( 0.s. ) no one , slavetrader or bedouin alike , have ever see anything like he , this mad american who fight like twenty man .... walter 57 walter , all ear and wide eye , hang on every word . hub ( 0.s. ) what the hell be you two do out here in the middle of the night ? walter jump : hub loom over they . garth just enjoy the cool night air . hub neither one of you get a lick of sense ! go to bed ! hub storm toward the house , shaking he head . garth and walter exchange shrug , stand , and follow . ext . the uncle ' mailbox - day 58 walter 's hand retrieve the mail , a lot of mail - order catalog . then , walter see a letter from " mae caldwell " . ext . the front porch - day 59 walter rip open the letter , read .... mae ( v.0 . ) " dear walter . how be you ? found you uncle ' money yet ? " ( walter frown ) " here I be at school in Fort Worth my nose to the Court report grindstone .... " walter look at the envelope , stare at the postmark " Las Vegas , nevada . America 's fun-tier ! " he crumble the letter . he sit , eye wet . sniffle . Inside the screen door , garth watch , look thoughtful . hub ( 0.s. ) damn you , brother ! I be not go anywhere look like this ! ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 33. 59 60 continued : 59 hub push garth hub out onto the porch : both wear stiff new bib-overalls and straw hat , price tag flutter . hub ( cont would ) I look like a damn sharecropper ! garth we be gardening ! this be what gardener wear ! hub stalk off . garth turn to walter garth ( cont would ) I buy you some clothes . they be up in you room . ext . garden - day 60 hub , garth , and walter hoe : all three wear new bib-overalls and straw hat . the plant be knee-high now , identical . walter watch hub , fascinate : hub attack the ground as if it be a fight to the death . hub we need this much damn garden ? garth think how good all this vegetable be gonna taste . pea , bean squash , tomato .... walter scan the garden : it 's all identical knee-high green stalk , every plant just alike . he wonder ... walter what 's this row ? garth glance at the row 's seed packet on a stake . garth beet . walter and what 's this row ? garth cabbage . garth row , unconcern . walter suspiciously compare the beet and cabbage , back and forth : identical . walter be not beet red smelly thing ? ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 34 . 60 continued : 60 garth that 's how they look in can . this be how they look grow in the field . now hub look suspicious ; walter point to a third row . walter what 's this row ? garth uhh .... potato . hub now wait one damn minute ! what 's this row ? garth look . the packet show a big bushy plant of : garth tomato .... now garth know something 's wrong . hub storm through , yanking up seed packet stake that do not match they row . hub lettuce ! squash ! sweet potato ! carrot ! bok choi ... bok choi ? garth a type of chinese cabbage .... walter hey ! this row look right . they join walter . only this packet 's photo look like its row ; in fact , just like all the other row .... hub corn . garth all the seed do look alike , come to think of it .... hub yeah ! like corn ! garth ... but I figure that 's how all seed be suppose to look .... hub nothing but corn ! ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 35 . 60 61 continued : ( 2 ) 60 garth Boy . that seed salesman sure see we come .... hub corn ! fratricide appear imminent . garth be save by : honk ! a truck carry big crate pull in : a giraffe 's head stick far out of one crate . the brother grin , excited : hub ( cont would ) it 's here ! garth kid ! help he unload ! we will be right back ! they hurry toward the house . walter go to the truck the truck 61 the truck say " acme Animal mover " . walter peer into one crate 's open ... and yelp , leap back as a lion paw dart out , just miss he . roar ! driver watch it kid . he 's a man-eater . walter nod , eye wide . the driver consult a clipboard . driver ( cont would ) this the mccann place ? ( walter nod ) we bring you lion . sign here . roar ! walter gulp , sign . walter but , but ... where would it come from ? the driver snap he gum , check he clipboard . driver Cincinnati . the bored helper lean on the truck and pick he tooth . helper King of da beast . terror of da jungle . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 36 . 61 continued : 61 driver quit yakking and help I unload . hub and garth hustle up : both wear new safari clothes and pith helmet , price tag flutter . they noisily load big bullet into new huge rifle . the trucker exchange " now I have see everything " look . driver ( cont would ) so . where do you want he ? garth right here will be just fine . ammo dry , hub and garth stand ready . the trucker start to unload a crate ; it say " Cincinnati Zoo " on the side . walter you buy a lion ? a use lion ? garth stand back kid . you do not want to get maul and eat . roar ! the brother grin . garth ( cont would ) listen to he ! hub a big one ! walter what be you do ? garth brother , this be the best idea you ever have ! hub this lion head ' 1l sure look good hang over we fireplace . walter what fireplace ? you do not have a fireplace ! hub we will buy one . walter you be gonna shoot it ? the crate be down . another roar : but the roar all come from another crate , one still on the truck ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 37 . 61 continued : ( 2 ) 61 garth hey ! this the right crate ? the driver check a clipboard , nod . hub we want that lion ! driver it 's go to fresno . garth put a ear to they crate : he hear nothing . garth you sure there 's a lion in here ? driver absolutely ! be seein ' ya ! helper Nice cornfield you get there ! the truck pull away . all stare at the silent crate . hub kick it . nothing . garth listen again : garth I hear breathe . he 's in there all right ! on the soundtrack , african drum begin to beat . louder . hub aim at the crate as garth unhook the crate 's latch . walter I do not think this be very sport ... hub kid , at we age , this be as sport as we get . garth walter , come here . garth lift the wary walter atop the crate . garth ( cont would ) when I give the word , pull this . the uncle raise they rifle . drum beat louder , faster . walter maybe I should have a gun too . just in case .... ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 38. 61 continued : ( 3 ) 61 garth pull ! walter sweat , pull , duck . the crate side fall , splat ! hub and garth aim , the drum beat to a crescendo ... and nothing happen . the drum trail off . pause . walter peek between he finger . hub hey ! come on out of there ! nothing . all look in : a mangy lion look out at they . garth hey you ! in the crate ! get you lion butt outta there ! nothing . walter , still atop the crate , peer in upside - down : the lion just sit there , look bored . it yawns . walter it look awful tame .... garth this lion 's no good ! it 's ... defective ! hub it 's alive ! that 's the main thing ! garth well then , go ahead ! shoot it ! hub that would not be sport , shoot it inside a crate ! garth yeah ? so ? hub wait ' till it stick its head out . then we blast it . garth shrug : sound fair enough . walter peer in . walter he look old . worn - out look . garth oh ! perfect ! it be indeed a pretty sad look animal . it yawns . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 39 . 61 continued : ( 4 ) 61 walter he 's real old . look : he 's only get two tooth . garth some lion hunt this be ! walter hop off the crate , take a step inside . walter here kitty , kitty . Nice kitty .... roar ! walter scramble atop hub 's shoulder . all leap back . then : cough cough cough , a hack , old lion cough . walter ( cont would ) he 's sick ! you can not shoot he ! hub get off I ! garth defective and die . a reject ! a sick zoo cast -off ! walter so can I keep he ? hub and garth look at walter , flabbergasted . walter ( cont would ) I will feed he and take care of he and clean up after he and everything ! I never have a pet of my very own ! so can I keep he ? huh ? huh ? can I ? hub growls . hub look at walter seriously . hub so kid . you want to take care of it ? nurse it back to health ? ( walter gulp , nod ) good . then we shoot it ! hub and garth head back to the house , argue : garth that 's some lion you buy ...! hub yeah ? that 's some garden seed you buy ...! as walter close the crate door , he speak soothingly : ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 40 . 61 62 63 64 65 continued : ( 5 ) 61 walter do not worry . they be not as bad as they seem right at first .... I will be right back with supper ext . front porch - evening 62 hub and garth watch walter at the crate , hammering , sawing . int . lion be cage - evening 63 the lion eat , and curiously watch the crate renovation . ext . the crate - evening 64 the dog and pig watch as walter remove every other vertical slat , make narrow opening . walter there . now you can see out . he look in : the lion belches contentedly . walter go . the pig and dog rush up , stick they head inside . roar ! all scatter , squealing . from the crate : cough-cough-cough . the lion stare out at the thick green jungle of leafy stalk , just out of reach , with a urgent , primal long . jungle drum , jungle sound echo . ext . the front porch - evening 65 walter step up and sit . garth you sure he can not get out ? walter ( nod ) she . it 's a girl lion . hub frown : it figure . he lean back , sip .... walter ( cont would ) I name she " jasmine " . hub choke , bolt upright , furious : hub dammit ! have you two be talk about ...? ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 41. 65 66 continued : 65 garth shrug innocently . hub glare at walter : well ? walter I - i- I get it out of a book of Fairy tale ! it just seem like a good name ! for a lion ! hub storm inside , slam the door . garth thanks a lot ! you try to get I kill ? angry , garth go in . walter wonder , sigh . ext . feed store - day 66 hub , garth , and walter follow a feed store owner . feed store owner sorry it take awhile to come in . in forty year I never have a call for it . I would n'ta believe they even make such a thing . they join other , farmer mostly , stare down at a pallet stack with bag mark : farmer " purina lion Chow " . I will be . the farmer scratch they head in wonder . feed store owner if you will wait a few minute , my boy will load you up . hub frown , grab a bag , throw it over he shoulder hub garth . pay the man . garth brother , be careful . feed store owner Mr. mccann , that bag weigh fifty pound apiece .... hub glare , stalk off . even the farmer be impressed . white revision - 8/25/02 42 . 67 ext . the loading dock - day 67 hub toss the last of the bag into they old farm truck , straighten he back . garth and walter watch , concerned . hub there . if you two old lady want to get in now , we can go home . hub hop down off the dock ... suddenly he eye roll up in he head : he collapse and he crumple to the ground . garth hub ! 68 int . hospital corridor - day 68 ignore by busy hospital personnel , garth and walter wait , anxious : they closely watch a nearby open doorway where hurried nurse and doctor rush in and out . walter trudge over to a water fountain . 69 water fountain 69 walter struggle to operate the water fountain . middle - aged woman psst ! Little boy ! walter see a middle - aged woman motion to he . middle - aged woman ( cont would ) you be with that mccann brother ? I know about they . she motion he closer , lower she voice : middle - aged woman ( cont would ) i_know ... that they be ex - mafia hit-men , on the run with million they steal from Al capone . walter uh huh . Excuse I . 70 garth and walter 70 walter join garth . they sit silently . wait . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 43 . 70 continued : 70 walter tell I more about Africa . about you and uncle hub . and jasmine . garth why would a smart kid like you want to hear hokey old storey ? walter what else we get to do ? walter wait expectantly . finally , garth sigh . garth ok , ok .... now where be I ? 71 walter' imagination - the desert oasis 71 Young hub and he bedouin again scatter slavetrader . walter ( 0.s. ) " no one , slavetrader or beduoin alike , have ever see anything like he , this mad american who fight like twenty man ... " garth ( 0.s. ) oh yeah , right ... tighten on one particular veile young woman prisoner . garth ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) it just so happen that one woman hub freed be a handmaiden to a princess . 72 walter' imagination - jasmine's palace 72 she be joyfully reunite with she mistress and handmaiden ; all wear veil . eunuch stand guard . garth she tell she mistress the story of she rescue . most of all , she tell she of the handsome heroic american . the veile princess 's eye sing and dance .... garth ( cont would ) " I must meet this man , " the princess say .... the woman huddle together , giggling . plott . white revision - 8/25/02 44 , 73 walter' imagination - the mediterranean shore 73 horse hoof pound the shoreline . garth one day , hub ride he horse at dawn , along the Mediterranean . Young hub ride he magnificent stallion , both horse and rider at the peak of they youth , strength , and power . garth ( cont would ) when out of nowhere , there appear another rider who draw up alongside . a arab , face cover , turn to ride alongside . garth ( cont would ) well ! you know hub . there be no way he would let any challenge pass . it become a race .... the two ride at breathless speed , flat - out , neck and neck garth ( cont would ) many consider hub the finest horseman in North Africa . he would never lose a horse race , not one . but this rider stay right with he , neck and neck , as the race go on and on . and on . hub look at the mysterious rider in wonder garth ( cont would ) then : a horse stumble , the horse collide , and both rider fly into the sea . hub leapt up , he sword draw , ready for anything . so he think . he be not ready at all for what he see next .... hub pull he sword , whirl ... stare : the rider sit up out of the sea , disguise go , water stream from she long black hair . she meet hub 's eye , smile , and laugh . garth ( cont would ) she be the princess . she be the most beautiful woman he have ever see . she be .... walter ( 0.s. ) jasmine ! ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 45 . 73 74 75 continued : 73 she be , of course , the woman from the picture : jasmine . hub laugh . and the two look into each other 's eye . garth ( 0.s. ) now most people do not believe in such thing nowadays : they say it 's something you only find in storey . but when that two first laid eye on each other , it be honest - to - god , no-kid , sure - enough , once - in - a-lifetime ... " Love at first sight " . music swell . the horse caper and court in the surf behind the couple who have eye only for each other . walter 74 walter listen blissfully ; then he eye focus , he realize garth have finish . walter become more and more bother : walter wait a minute . where be she ? garth look at he , surprised . walter talk in a rush . walter ( cont would ) if it be true love they would have get marry and live happily ever after and she would be right here with we now ! right ? a shadow of sadness sweep across garth 's face . garth be not you jump ahead of the story ? walter well ... ok . keep go . garth well ... thing be not easy for they , back then : they be from different world . she be from a royal family , she father a sultan . but none of that matter to they . they arrange often , to meet .... walter' imagination - a busy arab marketplace / bazaar 75 jasmine swoops up behind a wait hub . they embrace . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 75 76 77 78 79 continued : garth ( 0.s. ) they make plan to run away together . but there be one big problem : she be promise to another man , a powerful Sheik from a nearby kingdom , a evil Sheik who wear a patch over one eye . walter' imagination - a old evil sheik close - up : a arab whirl around and glare : the sheik with one eye . a evil , brutal - look , ugly old man . garth ( 0.s. ) surprisingly , despite he ruthless way , the evil Sheik be say to be quite young and handsome .... walter walter jump , startle . he rewind he imagination : walter' imagination - a young evil sheik a arab whirl and glare , a different sheik : this Sheik 's young and handsome , but still one nasty customer . widen , reveal : in jasmine 's father 's palace , the Sheik threaten a kind -look sultan , jasmine's father . garth ( 0.s. ) the evil Sheik hear jasmine love another : he threaten she father to hand jasmine over at once , for they wedding to take place that very night . her father have no choice . and so the evil Sheik take jasmine off to he kingdom and lock she away in he harem . walter' imagination - the evil sheik harem imprison in a fabulous harem , jasmine sob . other wive try to comfort she , but jasmine will have none of that . garth she tell the other wife she would rather die than to be a wife to the evil , heartless Sheik . she hide away a knife , so that when the Sheik come for she that night , she could slit she own throat .... 46 . 75 76 77 78 79 white revision - 8/25/02 47 . 80 81 82 83 walter 80 walter oh ! what do uncle hub do ?! garth why , he rescue she , of course ... walter' imagination - the evil sheik harem 81 sword clang ! hub fight he way through the harem , past warrior and eunuch ; wife point he to a alcove where ... ... knife poise , jasmine be about to end she life . hub slashes the curtain aside . she be save . garth ( 0.s. ) as they gallop for the gate of the city , there be only one horseman brave enough to stand in they way : the Sheik . walter' imagination - at the CITY gate 82 on horseback , the Sheik wait ominously , sword draw . garth it be a thrill battle on horseback , between two expert swordsman ... but hub draw first blood , a mighty stroke that cut a big long scar down the side of the sheik 's once- handsome face . after a short but thrill swordfight , hub and jasmine race through the gate , toward the desert and freedom . garth ( cont would ) they gallop away , get marry , and live together happily ever after . the end. the hospital 83 walter revel in the story 's after-glow . but then .... walter but wait ! if they live happily ever after , she would be here . so where the heck be she ?! do not they have kid ? where be they ? ( continued ) 83 84 pink revision - 11/3/02 continued : garth look sad and evasive . a nurse exit hub 's room . garth nurse ! what 's go on ? ( she hurry off ) I wish somebody would tell we something ! anxious , both turn to hub 's doorway . suddenly , medical supplies fly out of the room , smash against the wall . hub ( 0.s. ) where the hell be my pants ?! garth and walter sit back and exhale , relieved . crash : doctor and nurse spill out : hub storm out , head bandage , wear a hospital gown , carry he clothes trail a i.v. bottle . he glare at garth and walter hub ( cont would ) who bring I here ? you two ? garth and walter shake they head innocently . int . uncle ' old farm truck - moving - day the three ride along in silence : of course , hub drive . hub Hospitals ! lot of good they be ! garth how would you know ? you be never in one long enough to find out ! hub scowl ; sweat , he squirm , try to ease he back pain . garth and walter see it , know it 's get worse . garth ( cont would ) hey ! you miss the turn ! hub do not ! garth Home be that way ! hub I want to go this way ! ahead out the front windshield , walter see the familiar gas station / country store now drape with new sign : ( continued ) 48 . hub glare , storm for the exit . walter and garth hurry after he . 83 84 84 85 pink revision - 11/3/02 continued : " now sell barbecue ! " " rib ! sausage ! meat ! " walter wow ! look at that ! that 's why we go this way , huh uncle hub ? let 's stop ! hub nod , pull over . int . gas station / country store - day slap !: atop butcher paper , huge slab of rib , brisket , and sausage be pile high by a scrawny old woman owner . at a long bar-like counter , walter , hub , and garth dig in . walter eat he barbecue , but he 's all ear . garth brother , someday you be go to have to start act you age . hub what the hell do that mean ? garth you whole life , you have never be afraid of anything . so what 's eat at you now ? gettin ' old ? dying ? hub Hell no ! garth what then ? what ? hub be useless ! pause . finally garth nod , he understand . hub ( cont would ) I and you , we shoulda die in the last battle of the last war . garth unfortunately , we live . hub it 's a damn shame ! all around we people die , good people . and we do not , we be still here . why ? what the hell for ? ( continued ) 49 . 84 85 + ee of * 85 86 pink revision - 11/3/02 continued : garth I do not know . hub when we be young there be always a reason . a point . thing make sense . there be always thing worth die for . freedom . honor virtue . now there 's no point to anything . what do we do ? we garden .... we outlive we time . garth maybe there 's still thing worth live for , brother ... burp ! startle , hub and garth look over at walter : he grin , embarrassed , he face smear with grease . walter good barbecue ! int . hospital corridor - day bear " get well " balloon , relative peer into hub 's room : they see a empty bed . helen grab a doctor . helen Doctor ! where 's Mr. mccann ? doctor oh . I be afraid he 's go .... the relative try to hide joyful smirk and look somber martha finally ! helen well , he lead a long , full life ... where 's the body ? doctor no , he 's go . left. Mr. mccann check himself out .... helen Left ? but ...! on the phone , it sound serious ! all look crush . martha pout , stamp she foot : martha I will never get a pony ! 50 . 85 86 87 pink revision - 11/3/02 int . gas station / country store - day hub this day , nothing make sense . nothing matter . through double screen-door , a convertible screech up music blaring . four hood jump out : leather jacket duck tail . they slam open both door , swagger in , stare around insolently as if they own the place . walter watch the old woman scurry into a door mark " lady room " . slam . click : she lock the door . Three hood help themselves to six - pack from a cooler the leader , frankie , see the uncle , swagger over . frankie hey ! Old man ! how 's that barbecue ? gimmie some ! hub get lose , boy . we be busy here . frankie what ? what do you say ? hub shake he head , continue to garth : hub here 's a perfect example of what I be talk about . since this boy be suckling on he momma 's teat he 's be give everything but discipline . now he idea of courage and manhood be to get together with a bunch of punk friend and ride around irritate folk too good - nature to put a stop to it . garth nod sadly . the punk be flabbergasted : frankie what ? who do you think you be , old man ? huh ? frankie push hub against the bar . hub 's eye blaze . garth hub : he 's just a dumb kid . do not kill he . the punk laugh . frankie take a fight stance . ( continued ) 51 . * 87 + ee of x 87 pink revision - 11/3/02 52 . continued : frankie ha ! hey old man ! answer I ! who do you think you be ? huh ? frankie swing ... but hub dodge easily . hub grab the punk 's throat , squeeze hard , lift he off the ground . frankie gag . hub 's fierce eye drill deep into the startle , helpless punk 's eye . hub growls : hub I be hub mccann . I have fight in two world war and countless smaller one on three continent . I have lead thousand of man into battle with everything from horse and sword to artillery and tank . I have see the headwater of the Nile and tribe of native no white man have ever see before . I have win and lose a dozen fortune kill many man , and love only one woman with a passion a flea like you could never begin to understand . that 's who I be . walter 's huge eye shine . hub ( cont would ) now . go home ... boy . with one last patent - hub-look , hub toss frankie away . hood # 1 you be the mccann brother ? we know all about you ! hood # 2 everybody in town say you be escape Nazi war criminal ! walter roll he eye . frankie pull a switchblade : click . frankie come on ! we will show this old bastard who 's tough . the other pull knife : click . click . click . ka-chunk . in the store 's doorway , garth now level a shotgun at the punk . garth now boy , you be fix to let that teenage hormone get you into a world of trouble . ( continued ) 87 white revision - 8/25/02 53. 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 the pale hood drop they knife . and hub be furious . hub damn it garth ! do I ask you to butt in ?! garth you just get out of the hospital ! hub Hell , there 's only four of em ! garth ok , fine . you fight he ... ( nod at frankie ) ... then I will let you fight the rest of them . ok ? peeve , hub know better than to argue , nod angrily . the hood look confuse . garth point to frankie . garth ( cont would ) hey , you . pick up that knife . frankie huh ? garth Son , you need all the help you can get . frankie snatch up he knife , crouch in front of hub and swishes the knife back and forth dramatically . frankie come on , old man ! hub you be hold the knife wrong . frankie huh ? when frankie glance at he knife , hub chop he arm , the knife fly away , hub elbow the hood hard in the face . garth turn to the other hood , shake he head : garth sheesh . oldest trick in the book with a howl , frankie rush hub , slam into he , fist flail : the fight be on . the boy flail at hub , land a occasional blow , but mostly just expend energy . hub , however , calmly and collectedly take the young man apart . ( continued ) 87 88 pink revision - 11/3/02 continued : ( 3 ) frankie manage a lucky shot , bloddy hub 's nose . hub touch it , surprised ; he smile , actually pleased . walter watch , amaze . the hood can not believe it : hood frankie 's lose ! garth then you three better get in there and help he . the other hood charge in . and , for a minute , it appear hub be at a disadvantage .... but not for long . anxious , walter join garth : garth casually clean he fingernails with one of the hood 's switchblade . walter how come you be not help ? garth my brother always hog the bad guy . he 's selfish that way . walter but there 's four of them ...! one hood slam against the bar beside they , slide to the ground , unconscious . walter ( cont would ) ... three of them ! could not you both share ? garth naa . after forty year , I be use to it . besides ... right now , he need they worse than I do . hub fight , a grin on he face : he 's have the most fun he 's have in year . ext . the house - day the relative arrive at the house , look around : helen they be not home yet . ralph I be sure , with hub just out of the hospital , they be take it slow and easy on the way home . ( continued ) 54 . 87 88 * white revision - 8/25/02 55 . 88 89 90 continued : 88 helen nod , he 's right . the kid scatter , scream . the two wild boy spot the crate by the cornfield . boy # 1 what 's that ? boy # 2 beat I . let 's tear it up ! int / ext . the lion' crate 89 the lion sleep . saw ! hammer ! creak ! she open one eye , see two boy work furiously on the crate . creak : one side of the crate slam to the ground . boy # 1 what be it ? a lion rug ? boy # 2 no , stupid ! it 's stuff ! the boy jump on the lion , tug its ear . then : growl ! boy aaaaggghhh ! the boy run off scream . the lion cough - cough , lazily stand , stretch . she stare at the chest - high cornfield ; it beckon to she : jungle drum SOUND , exotic bird shriek . she pad out of the crate and disappear into the cornfield - jungle . ext . front porch - day 90 boy momma ! a lion try to eat we ! helen whirl around and slap they . helen what have I tell you about that lie of yours ?! the boy bawl . a car engine roar : the uncle ' truck pull up fast , brake hard . garth and walter leap out . ralph where 's uncle hub ? what have you do with uncle hub ? the convertible screech up : a bruise , happy hub drive with four badly beat passenger , all groaning . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 56 . 90 continued : 90 helen Lord ! there 's be a accident ! walter it be a fight ! uncle hub win ! it_was great ! hub kid ! go get some meat ! beside hub , frankie press a rag to he bloody nose : frankie I wadda doe hobe now ! hub you be in no shape to go home now ... groans from corpse in the rear . walter run up with steak : hub and garth slap the steak onto black eye . helen that be the biggest hood in the whole county ! and you bring they home ? garth we could not leave them lie in the roadway . the little boy still bawl : helen smack they . boy but momma ! there be a lion ! walter oh! jasmine ! ( to hub and garth ) I gotta feed jasmine ! she have not eat all day ! I bet she 's really hungry ! the uncle nod distract . walter run off with a steak . helen jasmine ? and who be jasmine ? garth the boy 's lion . frankie lion ? you get a lion ? garth it 's lock up . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 57 . 90 91 92 93 continued : ( 2 ) 90 boy no it be not ! it try to eat we ! everybody freeze , stunne , as the implication sink in . hub the kid . where would he go ? garth to feed the lion . Said it be hungry , have not eat all day .... everyone 's eye go wide at the dire implication . hub get the gun ! ext . the crate by the cornfield - day 91 walter here kitty , kitty . Nice kitty .... walter peer into the remain of the crate . no lion . then , in the nearby cornfield : cornstalk rustle , a move trail of shaking stalk , like the wake of a submerge shark ... it head straight toward walter walter ( cont would ) jasmine ...? p.o.v. the lion move through the cornfield ' jungle ' 92 the lion 's p.0.v. through the " jungle " : drumbeat pound faster and faster , as she p.o.v. burst out of the " jungle " , leap , and fly toward a startle walter . walter jasmine ...? ext . the house - day 93 uncle , relative , and hood madly tear out of the house , trail gun and ammunition , sprint toward the cornfield . hub and garth freeze : in the distance , the lion pin walter on the ground . helen scream . hub aim . garth do not shoot ! you will hit he ! all run closer , gun raise , face tense . white revision - 8/25/02 58 . 94 walter - at the edge of the cornfield 94 the lion have walter pin , eyeball to eyeball . walter oof ! get off I , lion-breath ! jasmine smile , give walter a affectionate lick : slurp . walter ( cont would ) eeee -yuck ! the lion see everyone approach , roar ! it grab walter 's foot in its mouth , drag he into the " jungle " . walter 's rescuer run up and stare at the " jungle 's edge " , where walter and the lion have disappear . garth they be go ! roar ! slurp ! the rescuer look stricken . all hear licking noise , squeal , sound of struggle : it sound dreadful . helen scream , faint dead away . thud . frankie we be too late ! hub move _in ! jungle drum pound . all follow hub and garth toward the awful noise , tense , gun aim , prepare for the worst .... walter ( 0.s. ) jasmine ! stop ! hub attack ! all rush in , gun aim , and freeze : the lion lick walter , who squeal and try to temper the lion 's wet affection . walter yuck ! lion-spit ! blaah ! walter notice all the gun point at they . walter ( cont would ) look ! she 's feel a lot better ! walter stroke the lion : she purr . hub Jesus ! kid ! ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 59 . 94 95 continued : 94 hub snatch walter up , lift he to eye level and frantically inspect he , top to bottom . hub ( cont would ) you be ok ...? walter be you worried about I , uncle hub ? hub harumph ... and for once , perhaps the first time ever hub seem at a loss for what to say .... then he glare at everyone stand around : hub you people tryin ' to ruin we whole damn crop ? get out of the cornfield ! ext . edge of cornfield - minute later - day 95 walter come on kitty ! back in the box ! hub and garth watch as walter try to drag the lion out of the cornfield ; the rescue party stumble out , drop they gun . two hood help revive a weak , daze helen : helen a lion ! they buy a lion walter but she 's real friendly ! see ? walter pull the lion 's tail with all he strength : he 's suddenly jerk off he foot back into the cornfield . walter ( cont would ) come on kitty ! lion do not belong in cornfield ! bad kitty ! bad lion ! come ! the stunne hood join the uncle , watch they struggle . garth the animal seem pretty tame . ( hub nod , thoughtful ) and if we get rid of it ... what be we go to do with a thousand pound of purina lion Chow ? hub that be a consideration . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 60 . 95 continued : 95 a craze helen stumble up , hat askew , hair a mess . helen we be leave ! and we be not come back until you get rid of that , that ... monster ! walter watch , anxious , as hub and garth trade dead - pan look . then : hub the lion stay . walter cheer , the hood grin . helen storm off . child " bye uncle hub ! ' bye uncle garth ! helen shut up ! get in the car ! the furious relative drive away , for the very last time . finally , walter leave the cornfield : he give up . walter she will not come out of the cornfield ! all watch : the lion pace , patrol she corn-territory . hub she think she 's in the jungle .... ( all realize he 's right ) she 's a zoo animal . this cornfield 's the close thing to a jungle she 's ever see .... the jungle 's in she blood . she know it 's where she belong . the hood shake they head , amaze at all this . Far off , jungle drumbeat echo , exotic bird call garth you boy hungry ? wanna stay for supper ? the hood shrug : why not ? they follow garth to the house . frankie what be we have ? garth peel the steak off frankie 's face . garth meat . lot of meat .... ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 61 . 95 96 continued : ( 2 ) 95 hub and walter watch the lion pace . walter look ! I think she 's happy ! hub nod ; then , a rare sight : hub smile . then , more rare , walter smile , he first smile in a long , long time . ext . front porch - evening 96 walter and garth sit , enjoy the evening . down by the hood 's car , hub intensely lecture to the young man . in the cornfield the lion roar happily ; cough - cough -cough garth expertly shuffles a deck of card , with impressive professional - gambler flourish , deal a hand of solitaire . walter what 's he say to they ? garth he 's give they he " what every Boy need to know about be a man " speech . below , hub pace back and forth like patton address the troops . the hood stand up straighter garth ( cont would ) a lot of man have hear that speech over the year . a lot of man . walter will he give the speech to I ? garth oh , I guarantee it ... assume he 's still around , of course . walter nod , troubled at that . walter you do not finish the story . about uncle hub and jasmine . garth sure I do : " they get marry and live happily ever after . the end . " remember ? walter but , what happen after that ? what happen to she ? ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 62. 96 97 98 99 continued : 96 garth you do not believe all this " Africa " stuff ... walter it 's a good story ! please ...! garth well ... after hub rescue jasmine , several year pass . wonderful year . walter' imagination - a romantic beach 97 angle : hub and jasmine ride along a romantic beach . garth ( 0.s. ) no two people be ever so happy , so in love . it be perfect .... except for one thing . walter ( 0.s. ) the Sheik ! walter' imagination - the sheik palace 98 the Sheik rant and curse at he follower . garth yes , the Sheik . he hate hub for steal jasmine and for scarring he face . he put a price on hub 's head : ten thousand piece of gold a fortune . assassin come from thousand of mile away .... walter' imagination - a busy marketplace / bazaar 99 hub and jasmine shop : hub lean down to smell spice ... a knife fly in and quiver just over he head . two assassins with sword leap at they : hub duck , slug one ; jasmine throw red pepper in the other 's face . he cough , blind ; hub toss he into a pile of melon . garth many dangerous man try to kill hub and get the fortune . they turn a corner : three assassins rush they . the lover dart into a stall : hub yank out a tent pole , the awning fall over the assassin , trap they . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/3/02 63. 99 100 101 continued : 99 jasmine sigh , give hub a " let 's go home ... " look . garth ( cont would ) he and jasmine have to be on guard every minute of every day .... as hub and jasmine exit the bazaar : five mounted assassins draw sword . the lover run back into the crowd , hotly pursue by five horseman as they duck and dart through the maze of merchant stall ... hub duck : a sixth mounted assassin swing , miss . hub yank he off the horse , leap up , pull jasmine up behind he . they gallop away .... walter 100 walter so how come all that assassin stop come ? all we get here now be salesman . garth hub be furious at the constant danger to jasmine ; he know the Sheik would never stop . there be only one thing to do . so : one day a assassin lead hub , bound in chain , into the Sheik 's fortress to claim the ten thousand piece of gold . walter what . ..? walter' imagination - sheik palace 101 night . two rider on horseback approach the Sheik 's fortress : a mask assassin lead hub , cover with chain . Inside , the Sheik 's guard surround a face - cover assassin lead the bound hub before the evil Sheik . garth ( 0.s. ) the assassin be give bag and bag full of gold , more than most man could carry , as the cruel Sheik order that hub be take down into the Sheik 's notorious " dungeon of one thousand , Three hundre and eighty - Seven torture " .... white revision - 8/25/02 64 . 102 103 104 walter 102 walter ( 0.s. ) what kind of greedy no - good scum would turn in uncle hub for money ? garth well ... I would . walter gasp : walter' imagination - the torture chamber 103 as the assassin juggle he heavy burden of gold , he facecloth slip just enough to reveal ... it 's garth . walter ( 0.s . ) a ha ! it be a trick ! guard lead the helpless , chain hub into a nightmarish torture chamber . terrify hooded torturer await . garth ( 0.s. ) in the dungeon , I whipped out my sword and singlehandedly kill everyone and freed hub , without drop a single gold coin .... garth whip out a sword , easily defeat the bad guy , and frees a grateful , humble hub .... walter ( 0.s. ) wait _a_minute ! wait a minute ! garth , walter 104 walter look very skeptical . walter you kill all the bad guy ? you save uncle hub ? and all that time you be carry hundred of pound of gold ? garth you do not believe I kill all that man and save hub ? walter shake he head : nope , he do not . garth sigh . garth ( cont would ) well . maybe hub help a little .... white revision - 8/25/02 65 . 105 106 walter' imagination - the torture chamber 105 hub throw off he chain and fight the Sheik 's man . garth fumble for he pistol , try not to drop the gold . garth ( 0.s. ) we be greatly outnumber . we fight incredible odd .... garth try to juggle gold and aim , but hub be faster and dispatch garth 's target first . garth scowl as hub defeat the bad guy before garth can fire a single shot . garth ( cont would ) then we split up : we each know what we have to do .... at the doorway , hub heroically salute garth , run swiftly away . garth hobble out with he heavy burden of gold . walter' imagination - the sheik bed chamber 106 garth High in he opulent bed chamber , the Sheik sleep . until he awoke with hub 's sword at he throat .... hub stand atop the bed , he blade pin the Sheik garth ( cont would ) terrify , the Sheik know he life be over , that hub would certainly kill he . hub smile ... then lower he blade . he throw the Sheik a sword , honorably offer he lifelong enemy a fair fight . " defend yourself ! " hub cry . the evil Sheik grin . the fight begin : clang-clang ! and almost instantly , faster than the eye can follow , hub send the Sheik 's sword fly and pin the Sheik once again , against a pillar , he blade to the Sheik 's throat . garth ( cont would ) it be over in a second : hub have humble he . the Sheik know he be surely now a dead man , with no right to even beg for mercy .... as hub smile and raise he blade high , the Sheik fall to the floor , whimpering , close he eye .... and nothing happen . the Sheik look up : hub stand in a window . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/3/02 66 . 106 107 108 109 continued : 106 garth ( cont would ) hub tell he , " twice , I hold you life in my hand . twice , I give it back to you . next time , you life be mine . " hub leap out into darkness . the Sheik run up , look out : far , far below , hub and garth gallop away into the dark desert night . garth ( cont would ) from that moment on , the assassination attempt stop . some say it 's because the Sheik know that , next time , hub would surely return and kill he , as he have promise . the Sheik feel he tender but still - intact throat , and stare after the vanish horseman . garth ( cont would ) other say that since hub have twice spare the Sheik 's life , the Sheik feel it be a point of honor to allow he enemy to live . walter 107 walter smile blissfully . either way sound right . garth personally , I think the Sheik just get too darn busy once they discover oil in he kingdom and he become one of the five richest man in the world .... walter' imagination - the sheik and he gold 108 the Sheik , surround by gold stack high to the ceiling look daze , helpless with all he wealth . walter ( 0.s. ) what ? ! walter 109 walter what kinda end be that ?! the bad guy get filthy rich ?! what ( more ) ( continued ) pink revision - 11/3/02 109 continued : walter ( cont would ) the heck kinda story end that way ? ! ( continued ) 66a . 109 white revision - 8/25/02 67 . 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 garth I just tell it the way it happen . walter look very confuse . garth deal another hand . walter so that 's how you get all you money ? the gold from the sheik ? garth do a amazing waterfall of card a yard long . garth one of the way .... walter blink . below , hub watch the hood drive away . walter hey , wait ! you still do not tell I what happen to jasmine ! after uncle hub defeat the Sheik there be nothing stand in they way , right ? then where the heck be she ?! tell I ! garth put a finger to he lip : hub stiffly ascend the porch , plop down into he chair . hub that young man will be ok now . garth will you ? hub lean back painfully , exhales . hub damn it . I feel ... old . garth you have be busy . terrorize doctor and nurse , beat up teenager , chase after lion . you have have a full day . hub lucky that boy do not know squat about fight . it will not be long " till the kid here can whup my ass . the more hub think about it , the more it bother he . hub ( cont would ) wo not be long , I will be helpless in a fight . useless . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 68. 109 continued : ( 3 ) 109 he look sad , bitter . it bother walter and garth . garth brother , you will feel better ina day or two ... hub wave he quiet , struggle to he foot . hub I be go to bed . g'night kid . walter walter ...! startle , hub stare at walter , who panic : walter ( cont would ) m-m- my name ? it 's w-w-walter . hub stare . beat . walter sweat . finally hub nod . hub " walter " . do not seem ... manly enough . how ' bout I call you " walt " ? walter 0k. ( beam proudly ) hub goodnight . Walt . he go inside . garth can not believe what he 's just see . walter now . be you finally gonna tell I what happen to jasmine ? garth smile , look cagey , shuffles too casually . garth nope ...! walter what ? garth you want to find out what happen to jasmine ... you have to ask he walter what ? ask uncle hub , about jasmine ? be you crazy ?! look what happen last time ! ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 69 . 109 110 144 112 113 114 continued : ( 4 ) 109 garth but you and he be buddy now . do not let the fact he 's have not speak about it for forty year bother you ... walter I can not ask he ! uncle garth ! please ...? garth I be tired of do all the dirty work around here . if you want the end of the story , you will have to ask he ... Walt . garth shuffles the card , look very pleased with himself . walter look wide - eye , trap . late summer montage - fishing on the lake 110 hub , garth , and walter sit in a brand - new fishing boat , fishing pole in the water , have no luck . hub look impatient as garth consult a " how to Fish " book . then hub spy a fish , whip out a shotgun , blast it . hub proudly hold up he shot - up prize for walter to admire . garth scowl , cast he line , ignore they . late summer montage - the cornfield 111 hub , garth , and walter look at they corn with pride , at its peak : huge golden ear . it 's a beautiful sight . late summer montage - dinner table 112 dinner : a big steak ; sausage ; and now fresh sweet corn . hub , dubious , nibble : it 's great . the three eat happily . late summer montage - breakfast 113 Breakfast : egg , sausage , and corn . hub and walter frown . late summer montage - the cornfield 114 hub , garth , and walter harvest corn : bushel after bushel . jasmine watch curiously . they pluck the ear , leave the stalk ( and the jungle ) intact . white revision - 8/25/02 70 . 115 116 117 118 late summer montage - walter at a roadside stand 115 walter proudly sit at a home - make roadside stand , surround by dozen of bushel of corn . a sign say : " corn ! 25 cent a bushel ! " match dissolve to : late summer montage - the stand - day later 116 the stand , now abandon : no corn have be sell , and the price be mark down and down until it finally read , " corn ! free ! take all you want ! " late summer montage - the skeet throwing machine 117 walter send a clay target fly , reach into the box for another : it 's empty . now what ? a dog run up , a ear of corn in its mouth to play catch . walter smile , put the corn on the machine : boing hub and garth blast the fly ear of corn out of the sky . both give walter " atta boy " grin . slow motion : ear after ear of corn poetically bite the dust . by the machine , garth load up corn from a bushel . walter wrestle with a shotgun larger than he be , get lesson from hub ; walter have a pillow tie to he butt . walter fire , the recoil knock he onto he pillow - cushion - butt . hub slap walter on the back in the cornfield jungle , the lion watch , happy . int . tower - morning 118 walter struggle into he pants : he can not fasten they at the waist , too small . he look down : they be now too short . with a surprised grin , walter realize : he 's grow . he look into a murky mirror : he 's fill out , he pale complexion now more tan . compare to the timid , pale child who arrive in early summer , he 's blossom . a honk from outside : walter look out the window : a truck pull into the farm carry a old biplane . walter a airplane ? white revision - 8/25/02 71 . 119 ext . the farm - day 119 hub watch driver unload a break - down wwi - era biplane . garth and walter stare ; they be join by dog , the pig ... the lion stick she head out of the cornfield and gape . garth hub . . .? garth and walter exchange troubled look . the airplane be a wreck : it roll off the truck on flat rotten tire . creak ! the tail swing wildly , hold by a single wire . garth ( cont would ) hub ! a aeroplane ? hub yup . always want one . garth you always say you would never set foot in a aeroplane ! that you do not trust they to fall right out of the sky ! hub yup . they be dangerous , all right . plenty dangerous .... hub smile , a disturbingly dark smile . walter and garth circle the plane dubiously : half the propeller be miss . even the animal look worried . hub call to the driver : hub ( cont would ) do this thing come with a ... book , instruction ...? driver look inside . hub dig through the cockpit , find a wwi era dog -ear manual " the airman 's handbook " hub h ha ! garth hub , you do not know the first damn thing about aeroplane ! hub dramatically and pointedly open the manual , read : hub " to climb , pull back on the stick ( more ) ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 72. 119 120 121 122 continued : 119 hub ( cont would ) to descend , push forward on the stick . " see ? everything I need to know be right here garth curse , stalk off . walter and the animal watch deeply concerned . hub climb in ; the tail fall off . hub ( cont would ) a little fixin ' up , and she will be in the air in no time . ext . the front porch - evening 120 garth and walter sit , wait for salesmen : but hub be not there . both watch he , down by the barn , hard at work on the airplane ; clanks and pounding sound be hear . walter maybe it 's just a new hobby . maybe he do not really mean to , you know , do anything crazy . garth you think so ? walter shake he head : he do not believe it either garth ( cont would ) you ask he yet ? about jasmine ? walter shake he head " no " garth ( cont would ) well , you better make it quick he go inside . walter think , agonizing . ext . the house - middle of the night 121 walter purposefully exit the house , carry a blanket . ext . the lakeshore - night 122 hub stand at the shoreline , look out over the water walter appear , follow by dog and pig . walter stretch way , way up , and drape the blanket over hub 's shoulder . walter pace , deeply troubled . the animal wonder what 's go on . walter have to talk to hub , he just have to .... ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 73. 122 123 continued : 122 finally , gather all he courage : he creep to hub take a deep breath ... shove hub with all he strength and dart away . the dog yelp , run off . hub explode , yell , flail , whirl around , start to come to he sense . hub what the hell ?!!! ( see walter ) it 's the middle of the night ! what in blaze be you ... hub realize there 's a blanket over he shoulder . hub ( cont would ) oh . I wonder where all the blanket be come from .. ( see walter 's look ) what be it ? what 's the matter ? walter try to speak , but all courage be go . his mouth open and close , but no sound emerge . hub ( cont would ) what ...? what be it ? walter struggle , make some progress : squeaking noise . hub ( cont would ) what ? you get something to say , spit it out ! walter swallows hard , shaking , hyperventilate ; he blurt : walter what happen to she , uncle hub ? what happen to ... jasmine ? hub flinch , as if strike hard by a forceful blow ; he churn inside . walter quiver , ready to run . finally , hub turn away , and look far out over the water walter ( cont would ) I have to know . I have to ! the wind blows mournfully . finally : hub she die . she die in childbirth . her and the baby . walter' imagination - a arab hospital 123 hub , back turn , head bow , silhouett before a moorish arched window . do not see he face . do not need to . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 74 . 123 124 125 126 continued : 123 garth rush in , still wear safari clothes ; he stand helpless , at he brother 's side . match dissolve to : back to scene 124 hub , stand in the same grief -stricken stance , forty year later : he sorrow and grief still so intense , so crippling , after all that year . walter 's heart break in two . walter what do you do ? hub I go back to the only life I know . back to the legion . walter' imagination - a legion parade ground 125 assemble troops see hub ride in : they SNAP to attention , sad and proud as hub slowly ride in to rejoin they rank . hub ( 0.s. ) for the next forty year there be always one more war to fight . then I get too old and come here . back to scene 126 hub you should go in now . you will catch cold . walter that storey , about you , about Africa : they be true . be not they ? hub it do not matter .... walter it do too ! around my mom I hear so many lie I do not know what to believe in .... hub dammit , if you want to believe in something , believe in it ! just because something be not true , that 's no reason you can not believe in it ! walter blink , confuse . hub sigh .... ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 75 . 126 continued : 126 hub ( cont would ) there 's a long speech I give to young man . sound like you need to hear a piece of it .... ( pause ) some time the thing that may or may not be true be the thing a man need to believe in the most . that people be basically good . that honor , virtue , and courage mean everything ; that money and power mean nothing . that good always triumph over evil . that true love never die . walter 's eye be wet . perhaps , so be hub 's . hub ( cont would ) do not matter if they be true or not . a man should believe in that thing anyway . because they be the thing worth believe in . walter think , finally nod : he understand . they both watch moonlight ripple the water , both lose in think . walter that be a good speech . hub thanks . walter when be you gonna give I the rest of the speech ? hub when you be ready . walter when 's that ? hub when you be almost a man .... walter ok ! you promise ? suddenly , hub realize where this be go . hub now wait one minute ...! walter go for break , speak in a rush : ( continued ) white revision 126 continued : - 8/25/02 76 . ( 2 ) 126 walter I really need you to give I the rest of the speech ! I can not bea good man unless I hear the whole speech , now can I ?! hub I see what you be try to pull ! walter so you have to stick around until I be grow up so you can give the whole speech to I ! hub I will write it down ! walter no ! I want you to give I the speech ! walter start to cry : hub look awkward , at a loss . hub you will not be live here then ... walter but you be my uncle ! I need you to stick around and be my uncle ! hub frown , feel more and more trap . hub look walter ( cont would ) and what about uncle garth ? he need you ! he can not fight off all that salesmen by himself ! what about the dog and the pig and the lion ?! we all need you ! hub now you be just be silly . walter no ! it 's true ! we need you ! I know you miss jasmine , a awful , awful lot ! but if you go , we will all miss you ! just as much as you miss she ! just as much ! daze , rock . walter bawl , a torrent of tear . hub stare at the boy : hub look completely and utterly helpless , for perhaps only the second time in he life . hub agonize : he look trap . finally he curse , angrily throw up he hand . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 77 . 126 127 128 continued : ( 3 ) 126 face still wet , walter start to smile : he know .... hub all right , dammit ! you win ! I will stick around and be you damn uncle ! but do not expect I to be happy about it ! hub thrust out he hand to shake on it . walter sniffle , grab hub in a big hug , mid-thigh . hub look startle ... then , he reach down and gently pat walter 's head . int . tower bedroom - pre -dawn 127 walter wake , look out : in the misty light of pre-dawn , a car pull up outside . int . front door / live room - pre - dawn 128 walter open the front door : mae smile at he . mae walter ! walter Mom ...?! they hug ; a man ( stan ) loom behind she . walter stare . mae walter , this be Stan . we be engage ! be not that wonderful ? stan walter ! Heard a lot about you ! walter Walt . my name be walt . stan ok . Walt it be . walter size up Stan : a bad comb-over , but he seem friendly enough . mae hear the uncle ' snoring . mae you uncle be still sleep ? it 's early , let 's not wake they .... they sit on the couch , keep they voice low . walter sit on a big chair , he foot do not touch the ground . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 78 . 128 continued : 128 mae ( cont would ) Stan here be a detective . a private eye , just like in movie . walter wow ! really ? stan sure . you want to see my badge ? walter nod . Stan flip open a badge billfold : walter try to look closer , but Stan flip it close . mae Stan work in Las Vegas . how about that ? walter what about Court report School ? mae oh , I have to quit . Stan want I to stay home and be a wife and mother . we be gonna buy a house and have lot of kid . you will have brother and sister . be not it all wonderful ? Stan smile , nod . walter look daze , stunne . mae ( cont would ) so walter . I bet you find where you uncle hide the money , huh ? walter start to nod , catch himself ... look stubborn . walter why do you want to know ? Stan and mae sigh sadly ; Stan put he arm around walter . stan Walt . you uncle match the description of two bank robber from the 20' and 30' . walter no . you be wrong ! stan when mae tell I about they , I get copy of the report and show they to she . ( continued ) white revision 128 continued : - 8/25/02 79 . ( 2 ) 128 mae it 's they all right , honey . stan they use shotgun , wear disguise ... walter ( weakly ) Santa Claus suit ? stan come to think of it , I believe they do wear Santa Claus suit ... walter tremble . and remain silent . stan ( cont would ) they steal all that money and shot people . innocent people . walter no ! not they . it can not be ! mae Stan know what he 's talk about . walter but ... what about jasmine ? she and uncle hub be in love ! TI get she picture ! stan jasmine ...! be not that the name of the woman that drive they getaway car ? I think it be , yeah . she be wounded , and they both run off and leave she to die . walter 's breath be knock out of he ; he gasp . stan ( cont would ) I know this hurt . but they be criminal and they lie to you . walter start to cry . mae clutches he to she chest . mae my poor baby ! in the arm of vicious criminal ! we rush here as soon as we know , we have come to take you away ! now tell Stan where the money be and go pack you thing ... ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 80 . 128 129 continued : ( 3 ) 128 walter look up at she . walter why do you need to know where the money be ? stan it 's steal , it do not belong to they . Bet it 's bury outside , be not it ? caught off guard , walter almost nod , catch himself . walter but why do you need to know ? mae walter ! Stan stand , take out a big flashlight . stan Walt , let 's take a walk . you can show we around the place . at the door , Stan and mae wait for walter expectantly ; daze , he join they . ext . between the house and barn - pre -dawn 129 in the eerie , shimmer mist of pre-dawn , Stan shine the light around , watch walter closely for a reaction : as the beam hit the barn , walter 's eye widen . they walk toward the barn : Stan use the flashlight and walter 's reaction as a divine rod . stan now walter . you mother and I find this nice house , just like you always want . but we do not have enough for a down payment . we could turn you uncle in for the reward , but they would go to jail ... he see walter shake even more as they near the barn . stan ( cont would ) I know you would not like that . so we think : with all the money you uncle have , they would never miss it if we take some . especially since we be do they such a big favor by keep we mouth shut . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 81 . 129 continued : 129 mae since it 's steal , we have as much right to it as they do . stan nobody get hurt , and we get a nice home and family . see ? mae be not it wonderful , walter ? it 's what you always want ! so , walter .... where be it ? walter 's struggle build and build . ahead , in the early morning mist ... the barn loom . stan c'mon ! they be old , they be gonna die soon anyway . you want the government to get it all ? mae we finally have we chance to be happy , honey . just tell we . they be in front of the barn . walter shake , terrify , tear . then , softly , a arab flute plays hauntingly . suddenly , walter 's struggle cease ; he tremble stop he 's make up he mind . he smile . walter hub and garth do not rob any bank . they be in Africa . mae Africa ? walter ! be serious ! walter really ! they be shanghaie into the foreign legion and have adventure for forty year ! they could not have rob any bank ! mae then where would they get the money ? walter well , uncle garth ransome uncle hub to this rich evil Sheik .... mae walter ! ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 82. 129 continued : ( 2 ) 129 walter ... who hate hub for steal the princess jasmine out of he harem and kill all he assassin .... stan walter , you do not believe that ! walter yeah . uh-huh . sure I do ! mae you ? Mr. doubting - Thomas ? here , Stan have actual evidence , and you believe that Africa crap ? walter , you have never believe in anything you entire life ! and now you mean to tell I that out of all the thing you could have pick to believe in , you believe this ? harem ? princess ? evil sheik ? walter seem as surprised as she . walter yeah ...! be not that something ? mae now I want you to think hard . do you really believe this Africa nonsense ? really and truly ? from the bottom of you heart ? walter think very , very hard . he seem to search he soul . then he smile proudly . walter yes . yes I do . mae throw up she hand . Stan take walter 's arm . stan mae , go inside and let we man talk . man to man . walter look troubled at this . so do mae . walter Mom ...? stan go on mae . we will be right in . mae bite she lip anxiously , then nod , walk off . Stan take walter by the arm , pull he into the barn . white revision - 8/25/02 83 . 130 int . the barn - pre - dawn 130 walter panic as they near the trap door ; he struggle . walter let go ! Stan slap walter hard . walter be stunne . Stan drag walter to he foot : they be stand on the trap door . stan now . let 's I and you get a few thing straight : you and I can be friend . or we can be enemy . the old walter would have cringe , maybe start cry . but this walter glare right back stan ( cont would ) I have have a run of crummy luck lately , and some bad people be look to make thing tough for I . I need that money , I know it 's real close , and I will be damned if some little brat be gonna stand in my way ! walter glare back at Stan with hub-like murderous fury . stan ( cont would ) so . be we friend ? or enemy ? walter smile . a very cold smile . a very hub smile . somewhere , far off , Arabic music plays . walter defend yourself ! stan huh ? walter kick the crouching Stan right in the crotch : thud . stan ( cont would ) qoof ! walter run out of the barn . Stan stumble after he : stan ( cont would ) come back here ! blue revision - 11/3/02 84. 131 132 133 134 135 136 ext . outside the barn - pre-dawn walter run , look back : Stan gain on he . walter dart toward the cornfield ; but Stan tackle he . Stan pin walter to the ground , slap he hard . walter scream . Stan put he hand over walter 's mouth . Beyond the struggle loom the cornfield . slap . ext . the cornfield - pre-dawn the edge of the cornfield rustle : the lion look out : she see walter pin on the ground , struggle . slap . the lion 's eye narrow fiercely : a look never see on this lion before . ggggrrrrooowwwlll ! stan , walter Stan freeze : what be that ? then , behind he , impossibly fast , come a speed lion freight train . the lion slam into Stan , both fly off walter . grrowwll ! daze , walter sit up : what happen ? he see a lion furiously attack Stan with everything its get . a lion in its prime ... a real lion . grroowwll ! walter .. jasmine . ..?! ext . the uncle ' house - long shot light click on : hub and garth run out , carry shotgun . ext . running from front porch toward cornfield - dawn hub , garth , and mae run toward the frightful howl : ggggrrrooo ... the cry choke and cut off , mid-roar there 's one last death - rattle wheeze ... then silence . ext . near the cornfield - pre-dawn hub , garth , and mae run up , see the lion sprawle atop Stan , both lie still . walter pick up the lion 's head . walter jasmine ! hub check the lion and Stan . hub shake he head sadly . ( continued ) 131 132 133 134 135 136 white revision - 8/25/02 85 . 136 continued : 136 hub Dead . mae my god ! he 's dead ? Stan 's dead ? hub oh , he will live , I be talk about the lion . all see walter 's bruise , put two and two together hub ( cont would ) what happen ... do he do that ? hub growls and grab Stan , but garth stop he . garth we have to get he to the hospital . mae , get you car . mae ! you car ! mae be nearly hysterical , but she nod , rush off . garth ( cont would ) let 's get the lion off he . all turn over the limp lion , look down . garth whistle . garth ( cont would ) I believe this man 's gonna need some stitches . hub a lot of stitches . but walter only care about jasmine : he cradle the limp head of the valiant lion in he lap . walter what happen to she ? garth it look like she old heart just give out in all the excitement . she be plenty old , you know . walter look ! she 's ... smile . they look : she do indeed look as if she 's smile . garth well ! I would say she die happy . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 86 . 136 137 138 continued : ( 2 ) 136 hub she die with she boot on . that 's the main thing . garth yup . protect she cub . walter she really be a real lion , be not she ? there , at the end . a real jungle lion . a real Africa lion ! hub and garth nod . Beyond they , the cornfield rustle in the pale early morning light . dissolve to : ext . the cornfield - day 137 Inside the cornfield , wear Sunday best : walter , hub , garth , and the animal surround a grave - mound : they have bury the lion where she belong , in the cornfield . walter sniffle as he pound in a wooden cross , say a silent prayer , and look up at he uncle . pause . garth you finish pack ? ( walter nod sadly ) you momma 's gonna be back from the hospital soon . you can wait for she on the front porch . he nod . the uncle sadly watch he trudge to the house . ext . front porch - day 138 forlorn , walter wait on the front porch , surround by dog and the pig , all in the same mournful mood . mae 's cadillac pull up , with a bandage Stan the front - seat passenger . mae exit , approach : mae so , all pack ? where 's you suitcase ? walter upstair . in my room . mae let 's go get it . white revision - 8/25/02 87 . 139 int . / ext . the cadillac - day 139 Stan be a mummy , immobilize in bandage head to toe . his eye widen in alarm as he see hub and garth approach . garth howdy , Stan . stan mmmm ! = mmmm-mmmm ! hub Stan , you be lucky ... lucky that lion get you before we do ! Stan 's eye grow very wide . hub ( cont would ) know they do to man who hurt kid back in North Africa , Stan ? ( Stan shake he head ) well ! first they take a rope .... 140 int . the tower room - day 140 walter look around he tower room for the last time . outside the window , mae see the uncle lecture to Stan with a lot of descriptive hand - and - arm motion . mae I wonder what you uncle be say to Stan ? walter probably they " what every Boy need to know about be a man " speech . mae I be glad to see they be make friend . walter carefully put he precious photo of jasmine atop he clothes , close he suitcase . mae ( cont would ) there now . ready ? white revision - 8/25/02 88. 141 ext . by cadillac - day 141 hub ... and then , after every bone in the body be break , they take a razor sharp sword and two hundred pound of salt .... just get warm - up , hub see walter and mae approach . hub ( cont would ) oh well . to make a long story short , Stan : you and I can be friend .... or we can be enemy . hub give he that look : the helpless Stan quake . hub slap Stan hard on the back : Stan moan , nearly faint . mae I hope walter be not too much trouble . hub we manage . garth ( nod at Stan ) what be you gonna do about he ? hub man like that 's get no business be around you boy . mae oh , of course ! what kind of mother would I be ? we be just drop he off in Vegas on we way .... time to say goodbye . garth sigh , hub look uptight , the dog look miserable , and walter 's eye grow wet . pause . walter ... I will be back for the rest of that speech ... if ... if ... walter stumble . but hub answer definitively : hub I will be here . walter sniffle , then rush to hub and hug he , low . hub awkwardly pat he on the back . walter turn to garth . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 89 . 141 142 143 144 145 146 continued : 141 walter thanks for the storey . and everything ! it mean a awful , awful lot . garth I be glad . they hug tightly . then walter climb into the car int . the cadillac - day 142 the animal sadly press they nose against walter 's window . as the car pull away , he start to cry . ext . the house - day 143 the uncle sadly watch the cadillac drive away . hub damn it ! that woman do not deserve that kid ! let 's get we a lawyer ! garth no judge be gonna take a child away from its mother and give it to two old bachelor uncle . hub maybe she will sell he to we ! how much money we get ? garth hub ! there 's nothing we can do . he 's go ! hub glower . they watch until the car be out of sight . int . cadillac - moving - day 144 walter look back , watch the " warning " sign pass behind . the house and tower gradually fade from view . ext . the highway - day 145 the cadillac turn onto the highway , accelerate away . int . the cadillac - moving - day 146 all settle in . but something still bother walter ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 90 . 146 147 continued : 146 walter Mom ? it be all a lie , be not it ? about the uncle be bank robber . and you be in on it the whole time , right ? mae I do what 's best for we . you want that man to come after Stan ? he look out , see the field of bluebonnet pass by . walter so . where we go ? mae I tell you . Las Vegas . walter I mean after . after we drop Stan off . mae well now , honey , Stan 's gonna need a lot of look after ... she reach over and pat Stan gently on the knee . and suddenly walter know everything : he gasp . walter grab the car door , open it , see asphalt and grass racing past ... and start to jump . mae ( cont would ) walter ! the caddy swerve violently , mae slam on the brake Stan smashes into the windshield ... and walter jump . ext . a rise overlooking the roadway - day 147 walter roll to a stop , jump to he foot , scuff but unhurt . he run up a small rise overlook the road . below , the caddy back into frame , brake hard , slamming Stan backward : he yelp . mae walter ! she jump out , run after he . walter collapse in the field of bluebonnet , and cry . mae approach : mae ( cont would ) walter ! what 's get into you ?! ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 g1. 147 148 continued : 147 walter you be still marrying he ? after ... everything ? mae he 's not so bad ... a little rough around the edge , but he can change . walter Mom ! mae he say he love I and I be not get any young .... walter have he hit you yet ? mae mind you own business ! walter stare at she knowingly . she look away . walter you always think a new boyfriend solve everything . but you always pick loser . and he 's the worst of them all . mae walter . we get no choice . walter maybe you do not .... mae what ? walter Mom . do something for I . for once . do something that 's best for I . ok ? promise ? mae well ... let 's hear it . int . cadillac - day 148 Stan lay askew , face smushed into the windshield ; he groans . he strain to look , see walter and mae talk . then , both hug , cry . he wonder : what the hell ? white revision - 8/25/02 92 . 149 150 ext . the uncle's house - front porch - day 149 hub , garth , and the animal listlessly sit on the porch in they " wait for salesmen " place . Long pause . garth salesmen oughta be along in two , three hour . hub whoop de do . a dog 's head go up ; so do another 's . the uncle look up : far down the road , a small figure approach , on foot . the uncle squint : who be it ? the dog run down the road barking . finally the uncle ' eye bug out : they drop they shotgun and hustle down the step to meet ... walter 150 walter , carry he bag , trudge up to the uncle , set down he bag , and smile . all three -- this new family -- grin at each other . happily , this time . walter if I be gonna live here , there 's some condition .... hub condition ? walter one : you both stick around until I be through high school at least , preferably college . you both get responsibility now : pta , Boy scout , Little League , the work . hub groans . garth hide a smile . finally , both nod . hub look like we get no choice ...! walter two : you both take better care of yourselves : more vegetable , less meat . hub throw up he hand , storm for the house . walter and garth follow . garth I wonder if travel salesmen sell school supplies ...? ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 93. 150 151 152 153 continued : 150 walter Three : no dangerous stuff . no fight teenager , no airplane ... hub now wait one minute ! walter ... at least until I be out of college . maybe longer ... hub what do the hell you expect we to die of ? Old age ...? walter smile , nod : exactly . garth smile at walter . garth so Walt . welcome home . and walter break into the biggest , sunniest smile of he entire life . so far . fade to black . title : " thirty year later ... " ext . biplane cockpit - flying - day 151 hub & garth ya-hoooo ! ! ! wearing goggle and helmet , two old man scream like crazy kid as they sputter biplane loop and roll . ext . low , on the ground - sunset 152 the plane fly away , barely under control : it careen and sputter off into a huge heroic sunset . int . cluttered artist studio - day 153 the man draw at a table : he 's forty , handsome , athletic , confident . he smile a familiar smile , a smile full of grace . he 's the adult walt . the phone ring . walt hello ? behind he be award and drawing on a wall : a successful syndicate comic strip in the style of calvin & Hobbes . the romantic Arabic theme plays . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 94 . 153 154 155 continued : 153 telephone ( v.0 . ) walter caldwell ...? I have bad news . it 's about you two uncle . Sir , they have pass away . a sketch : a child 's lettere sign " Africa " point to a cornfield where a whimsical lion stick out she head . the lion and she companion , a small boy in a pith helmet explore a exotic African jungle cornfield . the strip be entitle : " walter and jasmine " . telephone ( cont would ) it 's a bless they do not suffer . night : by a cornfield and lake be a familiar ramshackle house , a light on at the top of its lean tower telephone ( cont would ) and a bless too , in a way , that they go together ... a hand freeze over a draw : the boy address he " troops " that include a pack of dog , chicken , and a surly pig . the lion look skeptical . telephone ( cont would ) I find they will . I will give it to you when you get here . Walt 's face : the news he 's dread have finally come . int . walt be car - moving - day 154 Walt drive , turn in , pass the familiar " warning ! " - sign , fade now . ahead , the farmhouse loom , its tower lean even more . he park beside a sheriff 's car ext . by the car - day 155 sheriff walter caldwell ? walt walt . Walt and the sheriff shake hand , then both turn to look at the barn : in a upper open , the tail of the crash biplane stick out , upside down at a crazy angle . Walt stifles a laugh . the sheriff scratch he head . ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 95 . 155 continued : 155 sheriff best I can figure , they be try to fly through the barn upside down . Walt shake he head , a laugh burst out , be cut off . walt I always know that airplane would get they . sheriff we have a bunch of reporter out here earlier . even CNN . I guess anytime a biplane from the first World War crash , do acrobatics , fly by two ninety year - old man with no pilot ' license , well .... both try to keep straight face , finally both grin . sheriff ( cont would ) here . I find they will . a single piece of paper . Walt read the scrawl : walt " the kid get it all . just plant we in the damn garden with the stupid lion . " Walt 's eye become wet . he look out at the garden , and the lake beyond . wind rustle stalk of corn . walt ( cont would ) this last few month , my uncle hub 's be sick with pneumonia . from sleepwalk . more and more lately , we would find he out there in the middle of the night , stare out over the water .... the sheriff look at the plane with new understanding . sheriff well . they have a good long run both of they . and they go out with they boot on . Walt nod : they sure do that . white revision - 8/25/02 96 . 156 157 158 ext . the garden - day 156 the day of the funeral , in the garden : it 's a real garden now , with a variety of huge , beautiful vegetable . mourner , mostly curious local , gingerly make they way through row of beautiful vegetable to the grave site , between the tomato and the watermelon . the car 157 walt wife arrive . two boy bounce out of the car , dueling with curve plastic arab sword . walt wife put the sword back in the car the boy turn : one wear a eye-patch and have a crayon - draw face scar . boy oh , mom ...! walt wife go stand with you father ext . the garden / grave site 158 the boy run up to Walt . boy dad ! dad ! walt hub , you be stand on the squash . garth , lose the eyepatch . Walt see four prosperous - look men in they fifty arrive with they wife ; the four eye he , grin . frankie walter ? Little walter ...? walt I be sorry , I do not remember .... the four turn up collar on the suit jacket : the hood . walt ( cont would ) frankie and the hood ! I do not recognize you guy without you leather jacket ! ( continued ) white revision - 8/25/02 97 . 158 continued : 158 by now , perhaps two dozen people stand among the vegetable . all wait , look at Walt expectantly . walt ( cont would ) oh. well .... in she life , my mother make a lot of mistake . but once , by sheer accident , she do do something right : she dumped I off one summer with two crazy old man . and there , in the most unlikely of place , I find a home . my home . the wind blow softly , rustle the corn stalk . walt ( cont would ) they have no idea of how to deal with a troubled little kid . so , they tell I storey . amazing , unbelievable storey . story about harem , sheik and princess , valiant man and evil villain . about courage . honor . they know that storey be exactly what a terrify young boy need to hear . Walt smile wryly , shake he head . walt ( cont would ) even though we cynical adult know such tall tale can not possibly be true , I believe they . in a way , I still believe they . because , as my uncle hub teach I , just because something be not true , that 's no reason you should not believe in it . that 's what father do for son : teach they the thing that , despite everything , be worth believe in . some folk do not understand . but other do . walt ( cont would ) it be the proudest day of my life when I turn eighteen and hub give I he full , unabridge , " what every Boy need to know about be a man " speech . titter , smile . frankie and the hood nod knowingly . walt ( cont would ) and one of this day , I will give that same speech to my son . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/3/02 98. 158 continued : ( 2 ) 158 the two look up at they dad and grin . walt ( cont would ) I really , really love that two old character . I be really go to miss they .... he wipe he eye , look up . walt ( cont would ) please , as you leave , help yourself to all the vegetable you can carry . laugh . and it 's over . all start to leave . but then : whoosh ! airbrake : two huge livestock truck pull in . everyone look puzzle . Big door slam down : soldier on horseback leap out , riding beautiful Arabian stallion . foreign soldier wear kepis and kerchief , desert uniform . foreign legion uniform . walt boy it 's the legion ! the legion form up into a mount honor Guard . walt can not believe he eye . nor can anyone . then , they see another vehicle drive up : a long , long limo pull up and park ; its door open : a dozen arab women wear veil emerge in a dense pack , surround someone of obvious importance . the pack approach . Walt 's boy ' eye shine . they watch the legion on horseback , stallion prancing in glorious precision . and then , at the garden 's edge , the pack of woman part : revealing a old , old man in a wheelchair , a ancient sheik who wear a eyepatch and have a long scar run down one side of he once - handsome but cruel face . walt boy ( cont would ) yikes ! Walt be startle ; he son jump behind he , and peer out : the old sheik glare at the coffin with incredible fury . the woman start wailing mournfully ; the old sheik glare at they , then shake he fist at the two coffin . Old enemy die hard . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/3/02 99 . 158 continued : ( 3 ) 158 the amaze local watch as the mount honor Guard snap to attention . with a stunne realization , the adult Walt be now certain of what young walter finally , truly believe : boy it be all true . huh dad ? walt yes . it be all true . and so it be . romantic arab theme up full . the end