second chance '' second chance '' fade in : title card : '' luck only count with horseshoe and hand grenade . '' - dad ext . forest - night pitch black night hide the hundred tree and dark dressed figure move quietly , meticulously between they . rain pour down in bucket obliterate outline of everything live . halogen flashlight pierce the dark rain . in and out , back and forth between the tree scan . set of heavy , military boot slosh through the wet ground . Water be displace by each footstep , each throw water frontward and backwards . int . boat cabin - night a yellow light bulb from the mold ceiling sway gently from expose wiring . it dim with the flash of lightning outside . then the instant follow of a thunder crash . the heavy rain beat on the thin skin of the cabin , begging to come in - and it sound as if it may . thwup . thwup . thwup sound from somewhere within the room . follow the wire of the barely function light lead in lazy loop across the ceiling . down the side wall and to a black adapter connect to a car battery . next to the battery , the source of the repetitive thwump . a old record go round on a cheap player . it too be connect to the car battery somehow . next to it a car speaker play the sound . thwump . thwump . thwump . the record be stick . Polished shoe lie a short distance from the player . connect to the shoe , a man lie on he side with he back expose . wear a well - tailore suit and clipper - trim hair . sweat bead on the back of he neck . the light dim and sway just above the man . in front of the man , a part of the cabin 's cramped interior look down upon the man . the aluminum door in the center . on the side cover almost every available space , photo . tack haphazardly , the photo , each one of a morbid , bloody child - figure . several photo of each victim from different angle . each figure stare down at the man . thwump . thwump . thwump from the radio player continue . ext . forest - night the well - train combat boot still make they way through the mud and rain . the boot pick up intensity the further they get . the halogen beam still cut into the rain . the source of the lamp - assault rifle . barely visible through the rain . int . boat cabin - night a man 's sweaty face . clint newcastle ( 30 's ) stare ahead . his achievement wall in front of he stare back . clint 's eye be hollow , look through the wall of photo at something he can not see . twump . thwump . thwump . the record 's cry for assistance continue unheard . clint 's face get closer . closer until he eye the only thing of interest . he close they . blackness . int . darkroom - day thwump . thwump . thwump . the pitch black lighten a little . a black light now provide visual assistance . clint stand over bin of develop solution fix chemical onto several blank , white photo . he push each one under the solution wait for the image to appear . his attention be take away by the sound of the malfunction record player in the corner . thwump . thwump . thwump . clint shit . he leave he work and go over to the player . resets the needle . a woman 's eerie voice howl behind smear violin and electronic sound . the woman 's voice a beautiful , otherworldly thing . back at the develop bin , clint smile at the ghostly profile revealing pattern . several photo of a young girl gag and bound and stuff into a wooden box with the top off . her coffin . clint hum with the song . int . guest room - day a empty , white - wall room . several move box sit on the floor tape and ready to go . on one wall , a black , turnstile door turn . clint appear within the turn door from he darkroom . he close the top of a small , photo-size , manila envelope and carry the twelve- inch record beneath he arm . mrs . newcastle ( os ) do not be go too long , clint . startle , clint look up to see he wife , mrs newcastle ( 30 's ) enter . a wipe rag and spray bottle in she hand . she do not look like the work type , a young , busty blonde . mrs . newcastle you still need to pack . clint stop , a wry , teenage smile on he face . get directly in front of he wife . clint just have to leave the key with security . clint motion to the manila envelope in he hand . clint it will take I a half hour . Mrs. newcastle be already at the window clean the non - existent streak . mrs . newcastle I know what you half hour be like . clint then you know when I x11 be back . still grin , clint turn to leave . tap the manila envelope with he finger . leave . thwump . thwump . thwump . int . boat cabin - night thwump . thwump . thwump . clint sit on the waste bed . tatter , foam , camp mattress support he . head bow slightly . still look at something unseen . search . the rain still begging to get in . bang on each side of the small , claustrophobic space . on the wall the newest addition to clint 's photo collection . the young girl in the wooden box . several new photo tack over several of the older photo . clint look up at the photo . the scared , young , hurt face . clint stand and move towards the door . keeps he eye on the photo . in particular , the most recent one . find a rain coat within the cabin and get in it . prepare himself for the outside . int . tidco office tower - ceo office - day clint , in business dress , stand with hand clasped at he back at the large window overlook the city skyline . the office be the type where the most powerful people in the city meet . a plasma television on one wall play the business report with the sound down . oak wood , match leather furniture and expensive oil painting adorn the office . a box of office belonging sit on the large desk . assistant ( os ) everyone deserve a second chance , Sir . the assistant 's voice awaken clint from he daydream . clint turn to he assistant ( 2ux ) , a young man with a eager but honest face . clint put the last of he thing in the box . clint if it be as easy as that . clint smile at he assistant . the assistant return it . assistant ( to box ) carry that to you car ? clint no . thanks . wanna pen ? assistant sure . clint throw a expensive , silver pen across the room to the assistant . the assistant catch it , immediately inspect it . realize its worth . eye get big . assistant wow . thanks , sir. ( pause ) good thing happen to good people . ( shake pen ) you will see . clint ( chuckle ) thanks . can not wait . assistant good luck , Sir . the assistant wave , turn to leave . clint Son ... the assistant stop , turn . clint quit call I Sir . assistant sorry . the assistant smile , politely leave . ext . forest - night the black - clad , military figure move through the rain and muck . weapon at the ready . halogen flashlight move with every movement of they rifle . up ahead , a clear . light from a house come into focus . the figure move straight for it . they target . int . boat cabin - night clint button the rest of the button on the raincoat . pull the hood secure . clint go for a gasoline can nearby . douse every inch of the place with the liquid . done , throw the can on its own mess . thwump . thwump . thwump . the radio still call out . a match light . the bed quickly in flame . clint leave in a hurry take the shovel lean against the wall with he . ext . boat - night the flame of the burn , float trailer penetrate the rain and darkness . not even the monsoon - like rain can put it out . ext . marshland - night a lightning flash light up the thick fauna just enough to show clint , shovel in hand , head somewhere in a hurry . the wet ground and maze- like vine pull against he . a boom from the chase thunder . int . newcastle residence - entertainment room - night large , wood -trimm , twelve - food high ceiling surround ton of pack move box and cellophane - wrap furniture . even wrap , the expensive taste be apparent . Mrs. newcastle lay asleep on the plastic-wrapp sofa . the empty bottle of wine and wine glass on the floor she reason for not caring where she sleep . the rain knock gently outside , hide the downpour that 's actually occur . ext . marshland - night clint stab the shovel in the ground , dump the dirt to the side . stab. dump . stab. dump . get a good hole form . the wet dirt be easy work for clint 's shovel . the heavy rain the only problem , almost fill the hole as the dirt 's remove . int . boat cabin - night flame consume anything and everything . beneath the roar of the flame , the familiar thwump . thwump . thwump of the record player . the picture on the wall melt from the heat . the newest picture of the girl in the box some of the last to finally melt . the figure wrinkling into black nothing . thwump . thwump . thwump the sound pick up speed , like someone 's turn the player up to high speed . ext . forest - night thwump . thwump . thwump . thwump . sound more like the blade of a helicopter . the black clad man at the clear , the backyard of a large , multiroom , isolate residence surround by forest on all side . a black , police helicopter fly overhead place a spotlight within the backyard of the house and on the house itself . as the man approach , large swat insignia on the back reveal the identity of the man . each swat member take a offensive position within the residence 's backyard . aim weapon towards the house . more swat member emerge from the shadow . the entire place be now surround by swat . despite the size of the group and with help of the rain and thunder , they presence go unnotice . ext . marshland - night clint digging still . now waist deep in he own freshly dig hole . the next thrust of the shovel hit something hard , something other than earth . the water run off he raincoat . clint continue . remove the dirt from the top of whatever it be he 's hit . get on he knee , frantically pull the soak dirt out with he hand . with most of the earth remove , the outline of a wooden box be now identifiable . ext . residence - night the front of the colonial style , Carolina mansion sit alone in the rain . the house have be there since the Civil War . a small '' sell '' sign wave back and forth in the wind . mossy oak tree surround the front and line the drive come into the place . the tree many year older than the house . swat member come from everywhere . the entire front , like the back , be surround . they prepare themselves to enter . all have weapon train and ready to kill . the helicopter still overhead , its spotlight illuminate the entire area . ext . marshland - night clint stand in the waist deep hole . pull at the top of the wooden box . finally , the top budge . clint remove the top and throw it on the form dirt pile . clint stand there a moment look at the box 's content . in the box , the girl ( 10 ) from the picture , bound and gag still lie in the box . the rain hit she face . her eye swollen from hour of cry . see clint she thankful eye turn to fear . clint lift the weightless child from the box . set she on the ground next to he . unty she hand and mouth . the girl still visibly afraid , shaking . recognize clint . clint go . the girl do not move . clint you can go . the shaking girl find what remain strength she have and head in the most accessible direction . clint stop she . she recoil . clint turn she in the direction out of there . clint head that way until you hit the road . ( point ) the girl look , obey . get go fast . clint watch . let the rain run down he face without bother it . smile , satisfied . int . newcastle residence - night Mrs. newcastle still sleep on the sofa . a bang from the front door . someone force they way inside . this startles Mrs. newcastle awake . immediately she sense something wrong . reaches beneath the small sofa cushion and pull out a pistol . 10 another bang follow by break glass from the rear of the house . Mrs. newcastle hold the gun in a fire position . defend herself . ext . residence - night the swat team storm the house . every available exit have be take by armed swat member . chaotic yelling from within the house . Mrs. newcastle 's scream a pop from a small caliber weapon be immediately follow by semi automatic gunfire . then all fall silent from within the house . the rain and the sound of the helicopter all that 's leave . ext . marshland - night clint walk through the dark . know the route well . suddenly , the rain let up . a light sprinkle now . clint look up . pull he rain coat hood back . smile a wide happy smile . get go . hum he favorite tune from the old record . the sound get lose in the darkness . like everything else . fade out . the end 11 12