second_act . written by Justin Zackham & Elaine goldsmith Thomas Zackham / segal revision August 18 , 2017 OPEN on : int . bathroom - day 1 a small pot plant , a ginkgo tree , sit in a japanese urn . maya ( v.o. ) I know that many people believe in fate , and trust I , there be time I wish I be one of they . Pan off to the open door of a bathroom where maya davilla , 42 , pretty , fit , stand under a run shower . maya ( v.o. ) I tend to think we life be shape by a series of choice ; one decision lead to another and another . int . bathroom - a few minute later 2 ) Maya comb out she hair in the mirror . maya as far as I can tell , it 's the journey through all this decision that paint the clearest portrait of who we really be . her boyfriend , trey ever , 38 , enter with avocado toast with a candle on it . trey birthday breakfast . maya Love breakfast . hate birthdays . ( kissing he ) Love you , though . trey how bout a little more . she take a bite of toast . trey ( cont 'd ) I be not talk about the food . she smile , drop she towel , and kiss he . int . bedroom - later 3 Maya sit at the vanity , hair extension in , blow on she nail polish . trey you look hot . maya I need to look professional . trey you do ... relax , okay . everybody there love you . maya you need a bachelor degree to be a manager . trey I have argue fifteen year experience be worth ten degree , not to mention the bernie millman seal of approval . maya thank you ... ( smile ; he always know what to say ) we need to move you car . she head out . int . live room - same 4 Maya get she bag then stop to rub she finger on a leaf of the gingko tree . speak under she breath -- maya I need you today , abuela . Trey enter , dress ... trey it 's they who need you more than you need they . maya yeah , well , I be take it one game at a time . ( continued ) continued : he grab h. trey do you just sport metaphor I ? ( he love it ) just keep you eye on the ball . maya what if weiskopf do not like I ? trey it 's a game of inch . give it a hundred and ten percent . maya I be ignore you ... do you like , it 's a honor to meet you Mr. weiskopf , or do that sound too - - trey ass kissy . maya I have to get this , Trey . trey c'mere . ( wrapping she in a hug ) you be Maya davilla . the only thing with a prayer of stop you , be you . maya ( then ) I be go to be late . trey knock ‘em dead . be key and leave . maya you ass look great in that jeans by the way . trey ( playfully offended ) sweetie , no . I be not a piece of meat . what ? again ? I '' not in the -- ( approach she ) okay . but we will have to make it quick . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 4 maya ( giggle ) go! she take a minute collect she thing , herself . ext . maya and trey 's apartment - day 5 ) Maya walk out to she ' 95 Ford fiesta , rehearse as she go . int . maya 's car - day 6 Maya practice she pitch as she drive through the queen neighborhood street . maya to stand out in the big box community , we know we have to do thing differently . Maya stop at a light and look over as a mercede sl pull up next to she . she admire the car , even as the business woman in the front seat snap order into a phone , then peel away as the light change . int . bodacious bodega - day a Maya enter , still rehearse under she breath . she grab a wrap ham and egg from a spot beneath a small , plastic palm tree bear a fade sign that read : maya 's h&m . maya thanks , Justin . justin ( behind the counter ) you get it , babe . ext . bodacious bodega - day 8 Maya cross the street and sit on a wooden city bench beneath a tree . her world seem to slow as she eat meditatively . when she 's do , she ritualistically rub she hand back and forth across the pommel of the leave arm rest before fold the sandwich paper and , with a deep breath -- maya let 's do this . 10 ext . value club - parking lot - morning 9 Maya pull into the huge parking lot . she climb out and join the dozen of other walk towards work at the giant warehouse market that be value club . costco by another name . maya ( 0.s. ) it 's a honor , Mr. weiskopf ... int . value club - later 10 SAMUEL weiskopf , 72 , ceo of value club , stand with , a young man in a bow tie , arthur coyle , 27 fastidious , southern preppie , and store manager , bernard millman , 70' . maya .-- to show you what we have be do at value club , 151 . weiskopf the honor be ours . ( introduce ) my associate Arthur coyle . take note , Arthur , Forest Hills value Club outsell it 's nearest competition twice over . maya two and a half time , but who 's count . bernard we be . let 's show he why , Maya ... Maya walk with bernie , weiskopf , and Arthur through the enormous warehouse of food , electronics , household supplies . maya it 's no secret the challenge for brick and mortar be the online outlet , the amazon , ebay 's ... bernard so we start to think , how do we fight they ... weiskopf and ? 11 int . back room / fulfillment CENTER - same 11 maya welcome to we online store . Three staffer sit at desk with ipad and head set fulfil phone order . on the computer : we see value Club 's well stock aisle . maya ( cont ’d ) it 's what set we apart . be not it you sir who say , '' we live ina multiple universe '' ? weiskopf do I ? maya in you last newsletter . so , my best friend , Joan viccidommini , fellow employee , send she son , dilly , into the store with he cellphone so he can hold up every single cut of sirloin for she beef braciole , and that 's when it hit I . arthur ( browsing the site ) it 's a live feed . interesting . maya from home , we subscriber can pick a exact filet of salmon , the third lemon from the back , anything they need . they shop before noon , we deliver by six . twenty mile radius . expands we community . expands we volume . bernard and expands we profit nicely . weiskopf wow . maya anyone thirsty ? 12 int . triple m cafe - continuous 12 locate at the back of the store . a few early shopper stand at the coffee bar beneath the sign that read : triple m cafe . arthur triple m? woman 's voice Monday . Morning . mom . everyone turn to see joan viccidomini , 30' , Maya 's best friend . she 's colorful both in language and dress . maya meet the aforementioned Joan ... joan ( to Maya ) now ? ( Maya nod ) okay , so I have three kid and a husband on disability , and I be , you know , '' share my woe '' with a few other mother , and Maya think we should start a weekly bitch fest - maya --a social club . cater to the Monday Morning mom or dad . it start small , the hour after am school drop off -- joan we vent . we shop . we vent . maya and it just grow . arthur be we talk staff or customer ? woman' voice both ! Maya look shocked as a short , squat , woman , suzi teplitsky late 30' walk over . tight pants , lot of jewelry , make up . maya suzi 's here ? joan for season . ( continued ) 12 continued : 12 suzi I call it value Club therapy - we be like shopping friend . we swap storey , recipe ... another triple m member , antonella denunzio ( " Big ant '' ) , 40s , big voice , big boob , overweight , tight clothes . big ant husband ... joan you wish . big ant this moisturizer suck , that one 's overpriced , the rotisserie chicken 's as dry as my -- suzi -- and that 's why they get rid of ait big ant along with all the crappy skin care stuff . the point be , this lady listen to we . suzr I like it 's we store too . maya and that about sum it up . weiskopf I do not know what to say . other than , Arthur 's go to be extremely fortunate to have you as a first Lieutenant . the news hit Maya hard . now she know why Arthur 's there . weiskopf ( cont ’d ) ( walk off ) I will leave you guy to get to know each other . maya ( call out ) Mr. weiskopf . ( he turn ) could I have a moment ? ( continued ) 12 continued : ( 2 ) 12 Bernard look worried . weiskopf you can have two . maya thank you , ummm I prepare for this meeting for many week . I do not sleep last night or all week , actually . bernard you do great , Maya . maya I have put fifteen year of my life into this store , and , since become assistant manager 6 year ago , sale have increase at a record pace . ( she look at Arthur ) I mean , no disrespect , but what do you know about this store or the customer who shop here ? arthur ( smarmy ) I specialize at team building . weiskopf Arthur 's mba be from Duke . I think you will find that he 's the best man for the job . maya no sir . I be . weiskopf where do you go to college , dear ? maya I have my g.e.d . weiskopf well , I respect that . I do . but we have minimum job requirement in place for a reason . maya and what be that reason ? ( continued ) 12 13 10 . continued : ( 3 ) 12 weiskopf ( shutting this down ) I want you to know how much we value you , you idea , and you loyalty . off Maya as weiskopf walk away . int . break room - later 13 Maya have she head down . Joan come in . joan it 's just a title . maya it 's everything . joan it 's one thing . perspective . you have get Trey , hello amazing boyfriend . you know he 's ring shopping , right ? ( off Maya ) oops . maya why would you tell I that ? joan I say , '' oop . '' and hellloooo , after five year together , this can not be a shocker . maya it 's not about -- he want kid . joan and that 's bad because ... maya we be not talk about this right now . joan News flash . you be forty - two . correction , forty - three today . ( off Maya ) but we can call you forty - two . who even know if you can still get pregnant ? ( continued ) 13 14 1 ... continued : 13 maya wow , and I think I feel bad ten minute ago . ( then ) I want that job , joanie . joan how do I say this nicely ? I do not ... get sloshed , and get knock up after the party tonight . you can use the guest bedroom , and -- maya wait , what party ? joan oops ? maya what party ? joan it 's suppose to be a surprise . Trey talk we into it . you can not say no . maya watch I . joan plus dilly 's leave for California soon . if you do not want to celebrate you , celebrate he . just do I one favor . Act surprised . pre - lap cheering : people ( 0.s. ) surprise ! ! int . joan 's house - night 14 Blue collar , live in , split level . decorate for a birthday . maya Joan tell I this morning . everyone glare at Joan . joan bitch . m5 12 . int . joan be house - later 15 ) the party be in full swing until Trey step to the center of the live room and quiet everyone ... trey if we could pipe down for a second ... thank you ... I have like to tell you all a couple 'a thing about the birthday girl . Joan take Maya 's arm ... trey ( cont 'd ) back when I coach Babe Ruth League -- maya oh , here we go . trey there be this Friday night game at pezzicola field . this one kid -- ( point at dilly ) -- go down on a call third strike and suddenly there 's this shriek from the stand . some crazy lady 's all over the ump . ( wave she off ) in fairness , she be not wrong ; the guy be drop more call than AT&T . but she be not let up . so I turn to get a look at this wacko , and bam , that be it for I . she be beautiful and brazen and completely on fire , and anyone who do not appreciate how amazing she be ... well , babe , just remember , it be not over ' till it 's over . happy birthday . everyone oooh , and ahh , as Maya embrace , Trey . trey ( cont 'd ) ( indicate the music ) dilly . dilly , Joan 's son , 18 , eccentric , skateboarder tech -genius , put on luther vandross 's superstar . Trey and Maya dance slowly and other join in . a real party . 13 ) . 16 ext . joan 's backyard - later 16 Maya and Joan sit outside share what 's leave of a bottle of champagne . maya I do not know why I be so upset . joan I either . maya it 's just ... I guess I let myself believe they have give I a shot . joan who would ? maya they . the '' educate '' people in they big house and fancy car who , I do not know , climb kilimanjaro and only drink Rose . joan oh . they . maya system 's rig ... do not it bother you that just because you could not go to college when you be eighteen , you can not qualify for a job when you be forty ? joan give where you be at eighteen , I have say you have come a very long way . maya day like this , it do not feel like it . joan it 's different now . the opportunity , I mean , a child from my loin be go to Stanford , on a Google scholarship . my son . ( continued ) 16 ny continued : he 's be he hand m 14 . Close on Maya . shake she int . value Maya , sit 16 maya well , we be send he with a truckload of condom , last thing we need be for he life to go off the rail like mine do . joan you mean Sarah ? maya ( nod ) I just wonder how different thing would have be if she be still with I . neither one of we really have a chance . dilly ( 0.s. ) there 's ton of other job out there , auntie M. listen from the door . joan quit eavesdropp . she 's not go anywhere . and there will be no truckload of condom . aya a piece of cake . dilly one wish for you birthday . maya I wish ... head , fight off tear ... joan you do the best you could . maya I give it a hundred and ten percent . club - staff room - morning 17 with a few other assistant manager . ( continued ) 17 continued : Maya roll he beckon 1/5 ) . 17 arthur I have always like the idea of round table . as a boy , my favorite storey be -- she eye , Arthur clock it . arthur ( cont ’d ) Ms. davilla , a minute . ( steering she away ) I '' aware you want this position , and what 's more I sincerely believe you deserve it . for I this be just a springboard into corporate . but I promise you this , when I get there , I be go to take a long hard look at any policy that keep — out someone with you ... ( search for the word ) .+.- temerity . maya temerity ? arthur it mean spunk . maya I know . arthur yes . you idea , while rough , still have merit . maya what 's rough about they ? arthur but when you roll you eye at I , you be trivialize a team building exercise that I be try to implement . and that divide we . ( then ) I do not want to be the despot ruler force to replace old regime . you be my right hand , and we be all at the same table . she back to the group . arthur ( cont 'd ) as I be say , I would like we to think of ourselves as knight ... ( more ) ( continued ) 17 18 continued : 16 . ( 2 ) 17 arthur ( cont ’d ) each with we own wisdom and fiefdom . so , Sir vondell girard , you be we knight of legume , and Sir Alex gibian , knight of fowl . Joan appear at the door . gesture . arthur ( cont ’d ) and shaniqua Hughes -- you be the knight of hummus . shaniqua ( confuse ) um , I run the dairy . ext . staff room - same 18 they stand by the open door . maya I can not take this much longer . joan good timing ... ( hand she a note ) some lady from Franklin and Clarke call for you . maya f&c ? ( off Joan 's blank stare ) they make half the crap on aisle 7 , 8 , and will . joan ah . do not worry . I intercept , no one know . maya no one know what ? I do not apply for a job . joan actually , I think dilly do . last week when you be all , '' I wish this , and I wish that . '' maya what ? ( continued ) 18 19 20 21 17s continued : 18 joan relax . he use you legal ... Maria de la rosalinda de la whatever name , and put you up for some job . maya I do not ask he to . joan so blow it off . become the knight of laxative . off Maya . ext . chrysler build - morning 19 Maya with hoop , hair , queen flavor , but not too over the top , approach the impose Chrysler Building . int . human resource - a few minute later 20 pack . Maya see other candidate half she age dress more conservatively , wait . she eye they , they she , as she walk to the receptionist . maya Maya davilla . the receptionist check she computer . maya ( cont 'd ) sorry , it 's under Maria vargas . I get a call from a miss Lipton ... receptionist you interview 's on the 59th floor . off Maya . int . reception 59th floor - a few minute later 27 ) : a Zen-like lobby with Feng - shui rock fountain and mute color . even the phone whisper . Maya 's heel echo as she walk to the receptionist . maya hi. I be -- receptionist miss . vargas . yes , they be expect you . ( continued ) 21 22 continued : maya they be ? int . anderson clarke' office - 59 th floor - same view for day , Maya be lead in by the receptionist . anderson Nice to meet you Maria . 18 . 21 22 reveal , anderson clarke , late 50' , affability bear of supreme confidence ; he 's be wear a suit he entire life . maya please call I Maya . anderson Anderson Clarke . maya as in Franklin and Clarke ? anderson I want it to be Clarke and Franklin , but I lose a coin toss . still piss I off . this be Zoe , one of we senior executive . zoe ( mid - 20 's ) , cooly professional as she shake Maya 's hand . maya pleasure . anderson I recognize that this be a bit unorthodox , but I have long think that sale should have a great voice in product development . maya wow . okay . zoe you be familiar with we product ? maya company wide ? anderson dazzle we . ( continued ) 22 continued : maya okay , let 's see ... in personal care , the Mountain rain shampoo 's excellent , though we only stock the regular version . Men 's shave gel , Fresh and Bright toothpaste be big seller , although the entire skin - care line be ... zoe yes ? maya ( try / fail to soft - pedal ) careless . you be far behind the competition . Zoe 's eyebrow go up , but Anderson , slightly bemuse , for she to stand down . zoe go on . maya ( pivote ) um ... you detergent fly off the shelf , oh , and the new paraffin dusting spray be -- anderson ( hear enough ) you credential be certainly impressive . ( read a file ) Harvard undergrad ? wharton B - school ... maya um - — ? anderson and you philanthropy , all the work with the homeless , two year in the peace Corps . and then there 's -- maya ( confuse ) I be sorry but ... anderson surely you have summit picture ? 19 } . 22 motion ( continued ) 22 continued : 20 . ( 2 ) 22 maya summit picture ? zoe Mr. Clarke have be training to climb kilimanjaro . maya be that right ? actually , I do not have any -- zoe except on Facebook . maya except on ... Facebook . anderson the breadth of you experience be what 's impressed we most . zoe you be currently consulting for value Club ? maya m-hmm . anderson Sam weiskopf be a old friend of mine . know he ? maya not really . I be mostly focus on product ; what work , what do not . anderson what f&c product do not work ? other than skin-care ? zoe I do not think we need Ms. vargas to tell we -- maya -- cherry -scent floor-polish . zoe one of we best seller . anderson not anymore . ( continued ) 22 23 24 21 . continued : ( 3 ) 22 maya and not in the tri-state area . anderson why do you think that be , Maya ? zoe it 's more of a seasonal -- maya people only buy what they need . zoe people do not know what they need until they see it . maya if people need they floor to smell like cherries , I would not have have to rma thirty - six unsold case back to you distributor . Point . counter point . Zoe , unreadable consider . zoe ( dismissive ) thanks for come in , Maya . ext . chrysler build - later 23 Maya stand on the sidewalk google Maria De la ..... now she see article after article on herself . maya shit ! head for the subway . ext . joan 's backyard - day 24 Cole lean out the back door shouting at Joan who be on the trampoline with otto , she 5 year - old son . cole honey bunch , would you mind whipping up some steak for the boy and I ? joan sure , baby breath . i’1ll get ‘em out the freezer and you can whip ‘em right up you ass . ( continued ) 22 %. 24 continued : 24 Maya appear . joan ( cont 'd ) you do not look happy . otto she do not look happy . maya I be not happy . joan do they like you ? maya well , they think I be very accomplish ; give my mba , and stint in the peace corps , who can blame they ? joan peace Corps ???? maya it 's all there on my Facebook page ! joan you do not have a ... ( scream ) dilllllllyyyy 25 ) int . joan 's house , kitchen ~- day 25 Joan and Maya come in . joan do. not. move . dilly freeze while drink milk from the carton . joan ( cont 'd ) do you make a Facebook page for Maya , and do not lie . dilly yes . joan that be easy . he pull it up on he tablet . ( continued ) 25 continued : 23 . 25 maya it 's not just Facebook . dilly gimme some credit . Close on the tablet as we see article after article on maya do LA rosalinda davilla vargas . huh ? dilly ( cont 'd ) this ... be a work of art . I give you a completely new identity over almost a hundred website - social , corporate , you have even get a library card . joan maya why , dill ? dilly you birthday wish . ( to Maya ) you want to be fancy , so I frankensteined you ass . Joan slap the back of he head . dilly ( cont 'd ) well I do . I be gonna use you porn name , then I remember you do not use you legal name anymore so -- maya my porn name ? dilly joan first pet , first street . first pet , first street . joan ( cont 'd ) mine 's stubby winkle . dilly ( to Maya ) it 's under you legal name , auntie m , so you have a whole new you , but it 's still you . ( scrolling ) we get you transcript , employment history . the FBI could not debunk it . it 's basically real . ( continued ) 24 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 maya but it 's not . we see picture of Maya smile with giraffe , etc . joan do you retouch she ass ? maya not funny . joan a little funny . and a lot of ass . maya do not matter . I be not get this job . joan what happen ? maya you know when someone have a baby that look like a potato , but instead you say , '' look at that cheek ? '' joan you insulted they potato . ( Maya nod ) which ? maya cherry scent floor polish . otto walk by with a juice box . joan I love that shit . otto I love that shit . joan out! maya thank you , dilly . but you gotta take it down . dilly no problem . ( continued ) 25 ) 26 25 . continued : ( 3 ) 25 maya next time I start dream hit I with something . dilly bulbous cockburn . ( self satisfied ) my porn name . int . value club - morning 26 Monday Morning mom be sit in a circle . Arthur be try to conduct the meeting . arthur okay , so all in favor of rename to Monday Morning masticator , raise you hand . he raise both . he 's the only one . suuzi it just sound so much like -- arthur it mean eat . Calling it '' mom '' be sexist against man . big ant you be a little stupid , be not you ? Joan laugh with the girl . Maya join in . Arthur clock it . arthur ( under he breath ) remember , you be my right hand ... Arthur walk away past Big ant and Joan who hear this . joan ( aside to Maya ) you better hope he masticate with he leave . Maya 's phone ring . she walk to the corner , Joan trail . maya ( into the phone ) hello ? I go by ... Maya . who ? yes . yes . I mean , yes . I , thank you . ok. I will . absolutely . thank you . ( flummox ) that be f&c . they want to hire I . ( continued ) 26 continued : Maya share 26 . 26 joan I think you shit the potato ? maya 1 ( aia . joan maybe it be some kind of test , you know ? they want to see if you be a straight shooter . maya I be . except for the whole lie about every last part of my life thing . joan the lie open the door , but it be you who get that job . you know you can do this , and we both know you May never get another chance . Arthur snap at she . arthur Maya , I need you . 's a look with Joan , take a deep breath and walk over to Arthur . she turn maya Excuse I , Arthur . I have be think about everything you have say over the past month . arthur good . maya and I be just not ready to be you right hand . arthur you nre quit ? be you be quit ? maya best of luck to you . and start to walk away . ( continued ) 26 27 28 27 . continued : ( 2 ) 26 arthur pretty tough for a woman you age to get another job like this . ( then ) especially with you lack of education . you could hear a dime drop . Maya walk right up to he . he back away slightly . after a uncomfortable beat -- maya watch I . Joan quietly fist pump and mouth ' yes ! 's big ant ( aside to Joan ) masticate leftie now . int . value club - minute later - music up _ as : 27 Maya stride down the cashier lane take off she '' value Club '' vest . she toss it as two cashier applaud . she smile at they , then run right into the chain and '' aisle close '' sign , which knock she down . then she 's up , a bit wobbly , and make a hasty , but triumphant exit . ext . bainton field - night 28 Home of the Rutgers University baseball team , of which Trey be the assistant head coach . he sit atop the dugout , spitting seed as the team go through bat practice . trey ( shouting ) Light ‘em up , blucas . the batter take a pitch off the outside corner . Ball four . trey ( cont 'd ) good eye ! maya ( 0.s. ) good ass . trey ( turn ) who you talk about ? maya who you think I be talk about ? ( continued ) 28 . 28 continued : 28 he smile . she kiss he . maya ( cont 'd ) team 's look great , babe . you guy be go all the way . trey easy . we will be happy to make the tournament . lotta good team to beat . maya they do not have the best assistant coach in the country . trey I like you confidence . maya trey ( cont 'd ) I like you ... --- ass , I know . maya I be go to say smile . hey , I get some really good news I want to talk about . trey yeah ? well , that make two of we . maya fidel 's ? trey perfect . let I finish up -- ( check he watch ) meet you at eight ? maya ( kiss he ) perfect . 29 ext . fidel 's restaurant - night 29 we see Maya and Trey through the window , mid-conversation . 30 int . fidel 's - same 30 trey ( agitate ) -- I can not believe you say yes . ( continued ) 30 continued : they look 29 ) . 30 maya I know , I know . my head be still spin . trey you be gonna come clean , right ? maya I admit that the way I get in be less than honest , but what I do in that room ... I can do this . trey how about you take this offer and leverage value Club for the promotion they do not give you . this could be a really good -- maya -- I quit this morning . trey you what ? ( off she nod ) busy day . I would have think you have want to run at least one of this huge , life - alter decision by I first . at each other for a beat . trey ( cont 'd ) -- at least that 's what I would have do . I mean , that 's what I be gonna do tonight ... ask you about a huge life decision . but I do not know . I do not think it 's -- maya what ? he look down . off he silence , she put she hand on he . Trey hesit ring box . maya ( cont ’d ) tell I . please . ate , then reach into he pocket and pull out a he place it on the table . maya ( cont ’d ) oh baby . ( continued ) 30 31 32 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 30 her hand still on he . she do not reach for the ring box . the awkwardness be palpable . trey we timing never seem right , do it ? Maya 's eye fill with tear . she do not know what to say . trey ( cont 'd ) I want a family . kid . maya ( she do not , not yet ) you know how much I love you . she put she hand over he , but he pull away , take the ring box off the table . trey I do not think we can do this anymore . int . joan 's house - night =s ) al Joan open the door to reveal Maya , tear in she eye , hold suitcase . Joan hug she as Maya begin to sob - a unspoken moment of understanding between two friend . int . joan 's kitchen - morning 32 it 's morning mayhem as Joan make lunch and breakfast as otto eat at the table and Cole grab he stuff to leave . cole go to Pete 's , bye . joan you be pick up otto from baseball at 4 . cole get it . joan ( shout ) Maya . you gotta eat something . maya ( 0.s . ) ( freaking out ) I do not know what to wear . ( continued ) 3a. 32 continued : 32 she enter the kitchen wear a very conservative dress with a large white collar and flat shoe . maya ( cont 'd ) how 's this ? joan you look amish . maya I be try to look respectable . not too uptight , not too slutty . joan do not worry . that dress be like dick repellent . otto what 's dick repellent ? joan otto ! otto what ? you say bad shit all the time . joan ( stare at he a beat ) just go get you frickin’ jacket . otto ( as he leave ) that 's not even a word . Maya return , have change into a white pant suit . maya this better ? joan yeah , if you be sell milk or join a cult . ( approach she ) get back in that room . let 's see what else you get . 33 ) ext . new york CITY STREET - day 33 Maya walk down madison Avenue , chic , together , and understate . she pause in front of the Chrysler Building , and look up . here go nothing . 34 35 32h int . chrysler build lobby - day 34 Maya wait on a bench next to the security desk . she pick a mote of lint off of she skirt while argue with herself . finally , she stand to walk out when -- hildy ( 0.s. ) Maria vargas ? Maya turn to see hildy ostrander ( 43 ) , wear lily pulitzer on weekend , and ariana no ( 23 ) , a overweight asian girl who be on she third day and fail miserably thus far . maya hello . hildy I be hildegard ostrander , you d.e. call I hildy . maya ( shaking hand ) Nice to meet you , hildy . d.e .? hildy development executive . this be miss ng , you probationary assistant . ariana a honor to meet you , m’am . maya please call I Maya . ariana yes , mayam . my. m’am . yes . it 's truly a honor to -- hildy say less . ariana silently beckon Maya down the hall . hildy ( cont 'd ) this way please . int . maya 's office - day 35 ) Maya enter the spacious and tastefully adorn corner room with a vertigo- induce view of the city . ( continued ) 33 ) , 3 / 5 ) continued : 35 maya wow , this be ... hildy we will get the decorator up , so you can customize . maya this be pretty great . hildy ( disagree ) cancel the decorator . hildy hand Maya a envelope . hildy ( cont 'd ) this be the key to we company apartment in the city . it 's a bit small , but comfortable . off Maya '' apartment ? '' hildy ( cont 'd ) ( look over she shoulder ) miss ng ? ariana ( 0.s. ) ( unseen ; in the hallway ) yes ? hildy I can not -- please come in here . ariana ( 0.s. ) .».- no thank you . hildy she 's afraid of height . ( Maya stifles a giggle ) we be hope to dazzle you ... alas . maya how long have you work here ? hildy thirteen year . ariana ( 0.s . ) Three day . ( continued ) 85 36 continued : 34 , ( 2 ) 35 maya great , because I be here to work my butt off , so , you know , any wisdom you can impart ... hildy we can start with the morning meeting . int . f&c hallway - day 36 hildy lead Maya down a marble staircase to the Zen-like foyer . ariana follow , take note on everything . hildy development kick off the new quarterly cycle today , so you timing 's perfect . maya what cycle ? hildy it be man 's groom , but they switch it to skin care at the last second . maya ( '' because of I ? " '' ) you be kid ? they stop outside a large door mark executive boardroom . hildy I do not want this to sound like anything but constructive advice -- maya shoot . hildy we have never have a consultant in development before . they 's 1ll be look for any excuse to tear you apart . maya that 's comforting . 37 35 ) . int . executive boardroom - day 37 executive and lab coat scientist scatter throughout the seat . hildy and Maya enter . hildy close the door behind they . a thump be hear as ariana walk into it on the other side . ron ebsen , hildy ( to Maya ) you be reasonably attractive , which will help with the man , she 's another story . maya she who ? 34 , officious , ambitious , come in . hildy that 's ron ebsen , the other d.e.. maya he 's cute . hildy he know . he ’1ll come over as soon as he ... yep here he come . brace for impact . ron ( walk over ) you must be Maya . you know , I have be lobby for a consultant for awhile , but bring in someone from sale be either brilliant or insane . maya probably both . ron probably . you go to wharton , right ? maya yes , I do . wharton . ron do you have Professor gumpart ? maya of course . Love he . ( continued ) sy. 36 . continued : 37 ron ( smile , suspicious ) her ... maya ( quick pivot ) yeah , not anymore . ron oh. wow. ( stumbling ) cool. zoe ( 0.s . ) good morning everyone . everyone take they seat as Zoe enter . hildy ( to Maya ) that 's " she who '' . maya Zoe , right ? hildy President of Global skin & personal Care . maya ( " I be fuck '' ) oh , wow . Zoe hit a button on a iPad , and dozen of skin care product appear on the four interactive screen behind she . zoe some of you have already hear , we new mandate from on high ... ( audience mutter ) to replace we exist moisture line with a organic alternative . the mutter turn to complaint as Zoe meet Maya 's eye with a hard stare - clearly the change be not Zoe 's idea . maya ( '' I be really fuck '' ) oh , wow . chemist # 1 it 's already all natural . ( continued ) 37 continued : 37 . ( 2 ) 37 zoe it need to be more so . chemist # 2 by the end of this quarter ? not possible . ron we be not talk one hundred percent green . just green..er . more groan ... until Anderson enter ... anderson from the shriek of wild enthusiasm , I take it Zoe 's just break the news . he take Zoe 's hand and peck she cheek . maya be you kid I ? he 's old enough to be she -- hildy Father . because he be . maya ( " really really fuck '' ) oh , wow . zoe ( to Anderson ) you want to run this ? anderson no , no , I just want to pop in and formally introduce we newest hire . ( he look to Maya ) Maya vargas be a extremely accomplish consultant , and the new skincare direction be partially base on she feedback . Maya ? Maya stand briefly to small , cold applause . then -- ron Sir , I think it 's a inspire idea . end of the quarter be aggressive but we be up to the challenge , be not we folk ? ( continued ) sy. 38 . continued : ( 3 ) 37 he turn to the people in the audience , eyebrow raise sharply to compel they response , which come ... anderson excellent . ron we will get to brainstorm , though it would be helpful to hear Maya 's game plan . maya sorry ? zoe yes , Maya . tell we where you think the exist skin-care line fall short . maya oh , it 's not fully ... I do not want to offend . zoe ( challenging ) how about you consult . maya okay . ( then ) I think it 's a rip-off . people stir . hildy shift slightly away from Maya . zoe be that right ? maya I mean , respectfully , the company be skewer when you try to convince people that novalis be some new hair growth product and it come out that it be repackage shampoo . Zoe stiffen . ron be offended . Anderson be intrigue . maya ( cont 'd ) they feel scamm . so to repeat the pattern ... ron -- it 's not the same . ( continued ) 37 continued : 39 . ( 4 ) 37 maya it 's close enough . you do not want you consumer to lose faith in you . ( before he can speak ) I be just say aim higher . you can not say '' all - natural '' on the front of the bottle , then have a list of paraben , and ... other chemical on the back -- felix herrman , 48 , bald , bespeckle and confident in he 25 + year as a white - coat chemist . felix all comfortably within fda guideline . maya people do not want to '' probably not '' get cancer from skin cream . ron launch a entirely new product line be almost triple the cost of evolve a exist one . maya ok . I come from a different world . anderson which be why we ask you to join this one ... ( pace for several beat ) why do not we see who 's right . zoe I beg you pardon ? anderson Zoe and ron 's group will thread the needle on profitably organic-ify the current line . and Maya and hildy will cook up something new . hildy oh Christ . anderson all green . within we profit margin . Three month . May the best woman win . ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 5 ) 37 Zoe glare at Maya for a moment before she follow Anderson out , protest as she exit . Maya sit back in she seat as hildy and ron exchange exasperate look . ron ( to Maya ) welcome aboard . he chuckle to himself and walk off ... hildy ( v.o. ) the first , and most imperative step - int . f&c hallway - later 38 hildy and Maya walk briskly back to Maya 's office . hildy -- be landing Felix . maya what 's Felix ? hildy he 's f&c 's chief chemist . inventor of Eye soar and -- maya I love Eye soar . hildy -- every other brilliant personal care product this company have produce over the last twenty - five year . maya can we get he ? int . maya 's office - later 39 on Felix , stare across the desk at the hopeful Maya and hildy who have just make they pitch . felix no . he get up , button he jacket and walk out . Maya be incredulous . hildy slump . ( continued ) 39 ) 40 41 42 43 41 . continued : 39 hildy Walt Benjamin be Felix 's number two and a incredibly talented -- int . maya 's office - later 40 as walt benjamin , 48 , bearded , sit uneasily . walt benjamin I be not go against Felix . hildy ( v.0 . ) rishad olpadwala be we latest hire out of Cornell -- int . maya' office - later 41 as rishad , 29 , in a sikh turban , stare at they cockily . rishad olpadwala be you guy smoking crack ? off they look -- int . basement laboratory - night 42 freight elevator door open into a gloomy corridor . Maya and ariana emerge , check darken room number against a post - it note . a cat pad quickly past . maya what the hell ? be this guy on hildy 's list ? ariana we have go through she list . this be my idea . they share a look and stop at a door with light come from beneath the crack . another share look before Maya open it . int . chase 's lab - night 43 the sound of mew hit we first . cat in cage . cat on play structure . chase wait , no ! ( continued ) 43 44 42 . continued : 43 chase iskowitz , 28 , dishevel , add slice of chicken to a blender fill with other mystery meat and powder . he run after a pair of cat that escape through the door . chase ( cont 'd ) daenery and cercei , get you little butt back here -- dammit ! Maya slowly turn to ariana , who smile sheepishly . int . cafeteria - night 44 chase sit across the table from Maya and ariana . he pick at a plate fill with mashed potato . maya so , you go from m.i.t. to develop cat food . chase maybe I like cat . ariana ( to Maya ) or maybe Felix exile he . chase maybe Felix be a ass-panda . ariana catch he eye , point to she face . he 's get a glob of potato above he lip . he wipe the wrong spot . maya well , he join up with Zoe . ariana shake she head , point again . chase wipe , smear the potato across he lip like a pencil-thin mustache . chase everyone join up with Zoe. maya except you . be that because of Felix ? chase just shrug . ariana so here 's you chance to beat he punk ass . she reach across and wipe the potato from he face . both he and Maya be startle . ( continued ) 44 45 46 43 . continued : 44 chase thank you . ariana ( look for a place to wipe she hand off ) Gross . ext . flatiron district - night 45 Joan and Maya get out of a cab with Maya 's suitcase . Maya check the address and look up at the renovate building . joan wow . maya yup. int . maya 's new apartment - foyer - night 46 the elevator open to the 15th floor , and she apartment . the elevator man help she with she bag . elevator man welcome home . with sight - line for both river . the furnishings be exquisite . Maya and Joan start walk around , in awe . joan screw the kid , I be move in with you . ( off Maya 's look ) they can learn to hunt or something . maya what be I do here ? the ceo 's take a risk on I , and yet he 's get I compete against he daughter , who already hate I . and all of they think I be someone else . Joan have wander into the kitchen . she open the fridge . joan Holy frick , you cannot back out now . they stock the fridge with beer . ( continued ) 46 continued : 44 , 46 maya Holy frick ? joan otto get send home yesterday for call he teacher a dunt . maya a what ? joan a dumb -- maya oh wow . joan yeah , I be endeavor to set a better example . she hand Maya a beer . they sip together , take in the view across the Hudson River ... maya have you see he ? joan him ? ( off Maya 's look ) oh , Trey . have I . uh , maybe , I do not really -- maya what be you not tell I ? joan nothing . you know how it be . Word get out you guy break up . he 's a wounded fish , and the shark start circle . maya already ? joan what do it matter , you end it ? maya he end it . joan he want a family , and you never tell he the truth . ( continued ) 46 47 continued : ( 2 ) maya so tell he I be screw up because I give my baby up for adoption when I be seventeen be gonna fix everything ? joan oh , right - it 's way better to lug you past around like a cross and bury you self - esteem in you career than ever forgive yourself for thing that happen when you be practically a child . Maya drop into the couch , conflict . joan ( cont 'd ) uh , oh. look what I have do . I have put you in a funk and I have not even make you mad at I for jump on you princess bed . 45 . 46 Joan giggle and run off to find the bedroom . Maya do not want to take the bait , but can not help herself . chase she . maya do not you dare ! int . maya' office - day 47 she 's draw on she iPad which be hook up to a large screen on the wall as hildy and chase look on . maya okay , let 's start with we goal : ( write ) '' face cream . moisturizer . Sun block . '' it 's gotta be one hundred percent organic . chase ( roll he eye ) here we go . hildy ( hit he ) it have to be profitable . Maya write '' profitable '' . hildy ( cont ’d ) and it need to fill a hole in the market . ( continued ) 46 . 47 continued : 47 Maya write '' fill hole in market . '' ariana ( 0.s. ) ( in the hall ) it need a ' wow 's factor . chase why be you in the hall ? ariana ( eye down ) I be not . hildy it 's not important . chase the ' wow 's factor or the reason she 's in the hall ? maya we need to approach this holistically . what do people really want ? hildy to be young ? ariana to be thin . chase to be love . surprise by this , ariana look up at the back of he head . maya great , let 's invent a product that make people , young , thin , and lovable .... ariana oh , and rich . they want to be rich . maya ok , where do we start ? 48 int . skin care room - day 48 floor to ceiling skin-care product ; anything and everything with myriad variation . hildy lead down the row ... ( continued ) 48 continued : 47 . 48 hildy this be all the moisturizer ... face creams ... sun block ... on the market . chase lotta dry skin out there . hildy i’1ll have research put together a data package to show we the top seller in each sector . maya why ? hildy it 's standard procedure in launching any new line . maya I think we need to be in the store , talk to the manager , look at sell through , rate of return if we be go to find a hole in the market . hildy that 's go to eat up a lot of time and we only have twelve week . from behind they we hear -- anderson ( 0.s. ) Maya ? be you in here ? hildy Mr. Clarke ! Anderson appear around a aisle . anderson there you be . brush up on the competition ? maya what ? yes . we be brainstorm to -- anyway , what can we do for you ? anderson we like to have a little fun on the weekend and think you might like to join we at the river . ( continued ) 48 49 48 . continued : ( 2 ) 48 maya the river ? anderson that 's where we row club be . since you cox at Harvard , I think you might show we a thing or two . off Maya , huh ? ext . harlem river - morning 49 Zoe sit at the end of she 8 man boat . ron be in the stroke position face she . Felix behind he . ron this should be interesting . felix I loathe this . on the shore , ariana and hildy watch . ariana this be so exciting . ( off hildy 's stare ) say less ? zoe ( call out to she crew ) on the feather ! Maya , terrify as the coxswain , try to mimic she . maya on the feather ! Anderson sit face she in the stroke position , chase right behind he . Anderson smile . anderson now this be what I call team building . a little friendly competition to get the creative juice flow . chase my juice certainly be ... ( off Anderson 's look ) flow ... sir. ( continued ) 49 continued : 49 , 49 anderson who be you ? chase chase , sir . I be on Maya 's project team ... I be in cat food . anderson oh. right . ( then to Maya ) Zoe row lightweight for Princeton . never could beat you crimson when she be there . Said you guy always have they number . maya well , we will see if we still have the old crimson magic . Zoe settles she team just before the gun . zoe sit ready ! maya ( strain to hear ) shit 's ready ! anderson ( bit between he tooth ) damn right it be ! shall we power twenty from the start ? maya ( nod , trepidatious ) of course . zoe ready all ... Maya pause . the gun go off . zoe ( cont 'd ) row ! maya row ! power twenty ! the crew accelerate 20 stroke at maximum effort . a bold move that send Maya 's team into the lead , to she surprise . Zoe and ron look over at Maya guide she team into the lead . ( continued ) 49 50 51 50 % continued : ( 2 ) 49 felix they be pull ahead . ron damnit , Zoe ! zoe ( piss ) I have get this . Maya get catch up in the exhilaration . maya ( smile , sotto ) I have get this . boat go out of frame as we CUT to black : ext . boathouse club - later 50 where a paramedic truck be park with its cherries flash . a couple of rower have ice pack on they knee , head , etc . everyone be wet , in towel . ariana and hildy approach . maya I so do not have that . chase ( lie ) it 's okay . we have have worse . in the background , several of Zoe 's team carry the break half of they skull past camera . ariana that be cray-cray . Anderson , Zoe , ron and Felix approach , each drying off with a towel . anderson where to begin ? ron I can think of a couple of place . ext . harlem river - flashback sith Maya 's boat graze a metal buoy , shearing off all the oar . back to : 51 . 52 ext . boathouse club - day 52 anderson it 's funny , I think I hear you call ' pull port 's as something different . maya really ? 53 ext . harlem river - flashback 33 ) Zoe yell through she megaphone . zoe pull port ! maya pull pork . anderson what ? chase you want we to pull port ? maya right . anderson to the right ? maya yes . the boat shift to the right . maya ( cont 'd ) the other right ! Zoe and ron look right just in time to see the impact of Maya 's boat slice theirs in two . body , oar and up - end rower splash into the river . back to : 54 ext . boathouse club - day 54 maya it be hard to hear . ( continued ) 54 52h continued : 54 hildy yes , over all the scream . maya I just want to apolog -- Anderson politely hold up he hand . anderson -- I just have one thing to say . Zoe , ron and Felix can not wait for this . anderson ( cont ’d ) that. was. hilarious ! Anderson chuckle and pop the top off of two bottle of beer on the edge of a picnic table and offer they to Maya and chase . ron ( bugge ) but Mr. Clarke , that skull be -- anderson --a piece of crap . now we have a excuse to upgrade . ( then , as he walk ) see you tomorrow , guy . God I hope someone video have that . that be some crazy shit . chase get up as well and leave with ariana and hildy . chase / ariana see ya , maya. / bye. maya okay . ron size up Maya as he and Felix walk off . then , quietly -- felix coxswain my ass . ron exactly . first we gotta work for he daughter , now we get this one ... something 's bullshit about she . back at the table , Maya look at Zoe . ( continued ) 54 continued : she trail 53 . ( 2 ) 54 maya you dad be ... unique . zoe he be that ... he 's brilliant and competitive to the point of occasional insanity , but it 's make he who he be . off , Maya read she concern ... maya you worry about he ? zoe I worry about some of he decision . Maya smile at the reference ... zoe ( cont 'd ) especially since my mother pass away . maya I be so sorry . zoe six year he have not be on a date or a single vacation , although I finally talk he into sell the apartment . but still , he 's always on I about have more of a life outside of work , and yet he can not see the same about himself . maya I lose my parent young ... my grandmother raise I until she die ... after that I end up bounce around foster care , which be ... tough . zoe be that why you never marry or have kid ? maya when you come out of that , there 's a lack of confidence that 's implant in you , and you have never risk make someone else feel as unwanted as you do . ( continued ) 54 . 54 continued : ( 3 ) 54 zoe which make all of you accomplishment that much more impressive . Maya accept the kindness , but cringe inside at the lie . zoe ( cont 'd ) well , now that we have Oprah have each other , I have get a big day tomorrow - first shot at initial prototype . how be you guy come ? maya ( lie ) we be close . very close . 55 int . chase 's lab - day 55 close on : maya 's eye suddenly snap open . her face cover with a GREEN cream mask . maya Holy shit ! what be that smell ? chase oh , that 's you . maya what the hell !? oh my God , it 's burn ! Maya run to the sink and start splash water on she face . chase yeah , that 's because it 's a hundred percent organic , as order . maya ugh . it smell like chewbacca take a dump on my face . chase be honest , now . do not hold back . 56 ext . value club - another day 56 ariana stand at the entrance as people pass ... ( continued ) 56 57 58 59 60 55 . continued : 56 ariana Excuse I , can I ask some question about you daily skin care routine ...? everyone ignore she . int . Maya ext . more ext . walmart - another day sy chat with a friendly customer ... maya I see , so then what do you look for in a sunblock ? value club - day 58 people blow past ariana . ariana Excuse I , can I just ask you -- okay . have nice day . cvs - another day 59 ) hildy talk to a customer who be overly make up . hildy be you go for gaudy when you choose you make up today ? the customer , offended , walk away . int . chase 's lab - day 60 Maya be wiping she face with a towel . chase the paraben chemical be what make it smell better . maya can not do that . and what 's 11l make it a nicer color than vomit green ? chase ethoxycinnimate -- ( continued ) 56 . 60 continued : 60 maya okay . Dumb it down for I ? how do we get rid of the chemical and still make it look and smell nice ? chase find a biopolymer -- maya dumber . more dumb . chase if you do not want it to burn and smell like ass cover in bitch sauce , then we have to find the ingredient in nature . maya good . start search . ( be : the green cream ) because we can not market this . 61 ext . value club - day 61 ariana approach a dapper gentleman . ariana Excuse I , sir . can I just -- the man literally shove past she . she turn angrily and trip the first woman to walk past . ariana ( cont 'd ) oh my god , be you okay ? ( help the woman up ) that dickhead just keep go . woman customer oh thank you dear . ariana wow , you hand be so soft . what moisturizer do you use ? 62 int . ron 's office - day 62 ron be look at Maya 's resume on he desktop . he look at she Harvard accomplishment , and dial the number list . voice on phone ( 0o.s. ) Office of the registrar . ( continued ) 62 63 sis continued : 62 ron yes , how do I verify if someone who say they go to Harvard actually graduate from there ? voice on phone ( 0.s. ) do you have the name of the person and the year of graduation ? ron yes , Maria vargas . class of ' 96 . voice on phone ( 0.s. ) vargas , Maria . yes she do , with honors . magna cum laude . another voice ( 0.s. suck on that ! ron Excuse I ? int . dilly 's dorm room - stanford - same - intercut : 63 dilly be multi-task play ' call of duty 's with he roommate - who shot he in the game . dilly '' shoosh '' he . ron hang dilly sorry , admission get excited when they ding a scholarship candidate . ron ( unsure ) uh , okay . thank you . up , then look at another name on Maya 's cv : dilly scream at the video game , bounce angrily on the couch . his phone light up as it fall , unseen , to the ground . we see ron 's name appear on the screen , call a new number with a prompt ask if dilly want to intercept the call . after a five - second countdown , the call go through . female voice on phone ( 0.s ) Edward Taylor 's office . ron yes , be Mr. Taylor in ? I have a quick question about a reference on a former employee . ( continued ) 63 64 continued : female voice on phone ( 0.s. ) Mr. Taylor be on vacation for the next few week . I can have he return . ron I have appreciate that . int . maya' office - day Maya sit at she desk , watch a YouTube video of the Rutgers baseball team win the Big ten Conference championship . Maya smile as she see Trey amidst a group of howling , 58 . 63 64 champagne spraying player . she become wistful and start to type a e-mail to he when suddenly -- hildy drop a stack of research on Maya 's desk . maya what 's this ? hildy Research . maya you do all of this ? in the field ? hildy sweet Jesus , no . we have waste six week talk to nutjob store to store . I order this from research . maya that 's not how we be do this . hildy but it 's how it 's do . ariana pull one of the binder over and begin to peruse . ariana wow , a hundred and twenty thousand response , no real consensus on anything . hildy which be exactly the point - people do not know what they want . they want we to do the work for they so they can pick the prettiest bottle and get on with they life . ( continued ) sof . 64 continued : 64 zoe ( 0.s. ) Maya ? ( Maya look up ) do you have a second ? maya uh. sure . Maya walk over to Zoe who lead she out into the hallway . zoe the head of we manufacturing company that we may merge with in China want to meet I and ron for dinner Thursday , and he English be sketchy . I be wonder if you might help I out . maya ( slightly confuse ) okay . how ? zoe well , dad do not trust freelance translator and we in - house guy be on he honeymoon . the only employee we have who speak mandarin be -- Zoe stop , turn to Maya . maya ( know what 's come ) I ? zoe I be kinda desperate . 65 int . maya 's new apartment - day 65 Joan be howling with laughter . then , barely able to speak -- joan you be so butt-frick . maya this be not funny , Joan . I almost kill people in a boat race , and now I be gonna murder mandarin . I do not speak chinese ! ( continued ) 60 . 65 continued : 65 joan ( still laugh ) Fine . then just tell the bitch she can blow you , respectfully . maya I be serious . Joan pull out she phone and start search for a number . joan okay . I have get a idea . remember dilly 's carpool friend , Kevin Chow , from computer camp ? maya no. joan his father 's a vet . cater to chinese clientele . fluent in mandarin . maya and how do that help I ? joan ( dial ) if this work , you will owe I big time . maya ( pre - lap ) ( perfect mandarin ) I have not speak in year . my pronunciation be spotty . 66 int . restaurant - evening 66 Maya , Zoe , and ron sit with Philip jiang , of f&c China . all italic indicate - in mandarin - subtitled . jiang so you understand we concern ? maya we do , and I must say we team be very eager to help you understand we process in any way we can , sir . jiang call I Philip . 67 68 69 70 61 . int . veterinary office - evening 67 where dr . david chow and he chinese assistant be give a check up to a male wiemeraner , while listen to Maya 's conversation and feed she line in mandarin . dog howl in the background . it 's mayhem for poor Dr. Chow . dr . chow ( in english ) okay , he 's ask if you have travel extensively in China . int . restaurant - same 68 Close on Maya 's ear as she hear the translation . maya ( mandarin ) no . no I have not be so fortunate as of yet . jiang you must come visit . int . veterinary office - same 69 Dr. Chow hold the dog 's head and motion to he assistant as he multi-task the phone conversation . chow you say ... ( in mandarin ) I would love to . ( then , to he assistant , still in mandarin ) check its scrotum . int . restaurant - same 70 maya ( in mandarin ) I would love to . check its scrotum . off jiang 's confuse look . chow ( 0.s . ) ( still to he assistant ) really , feel for any swell . ( continued ) 70 til 72 continued : 62 . 70 maya really , feel for any swell . ( then in English ) but I feel badly we be leave everyone out of the conversation . I be sure you English be better than my mandarin . jiang I suspect it might be . zoe we would love to schedule a tour for you and you colleague to visit we facility first hand . ron but of course we have to wait until the deal be close due to the proprietary nature of R&D . zoe as long as there be a sign a non - disclosure agreement , I be perfectly comfortable allow Mr. jiang to tour . ron you may not be aware , Zoe , but that directly contradict company policy . I be sure Mr. jiang can understand that . a tense beat at the table . jiang look at Maya . jiang ( in mandarin ) tell I . I be have a tough time deal with ron . I like everyone at f&c , but I find he arrogant . what 's he problem ? int . veterinary office - same 71 Dr. Chow 1 ook at the dog 's rear end and tell he assistant -- int . restaurant - same 72 maya ( listen to Dr. Chow ) his anal gland need milk . ( continued ) 72 a3 ) 63 . continued : 72 jiang stare at Maya for a beat , then laugh hysterically . jiang ( point to Maya ) I like she . ( look to Zoe ) and thank you , Zoe . I will gladly sign a nda to tour the facility . ron look humble . Zoe look at Maya , smile appreciatively . jiang ( cont 'd ) shall we order ? ext . new york STREET - night ae Zoe and Maya walk alone . zoe thank you . that actually work out great . maya ron do not seem happy . zoe ron 's only happy when someone else isnvt . ( then ) so , how 's you project come ? maya honestly ? slow . wish I do not open my big mouth . zoe yeah , a hundred percent organic be tough . I take a run at it a few year ago . I still have a lot of data at my dad 's place . I move out a few month ago , but if you do not mind help I dig for it , the research might save you a few headache . maya ( take aback ) that actually would be ... very helpful . zoe it 's the least I can do for you make ron look like a dick . ( continued ) 7/3. 74 75 76 64 . continued : vi ) off Maya 's smile . int . anderson clarke 's office - day 74 Anderson work at he desk . Zoe poke she head in . zoe hey pop . head out a little early . I be meeting Maya over at the apartment . anderson ( close the door ) ) actually , that 's why I want to see you . zoe ( jokingly ) uh , oh . this sound serious . anderson there 's something I need to tell you . ext . anderson a's office - same 78 through the window from the hallway , we see Anderson start to tell Zoe something . she listen for a beat , then turn white . she steady herself as he hand she a folder . she read for a moment , then walk out on he . he do not follow ... ext./ int . dakota - anderson 's apartment - later 76 Zoe open the door , she appear shake and look at Maya as if at a stranger . zoe hey . maya hey . she enter to find the beautiful apartment fill with move box . look around . maya ( cont 'd ) when 's he move ? ( continued ) 65 . 76 continued : 76 zoe ( watch Maya ) in a few week . my apartment in the Village be so tiny he let I keep a lot of my junk here . maya this place be ... you grow up here ? zoe most of my life . as they walk down the hall there 's a picture of a young Zoe and a blonde woman . maya be that you mother ? ( Zoe nod ) beautiful . she be blonde ? zoe yeah . I be adopt . Maya nod . Zoe clock it . fit int . zoe 's bedroom - same 77 the room be a shrine to she childhood . box be fill with pile of doll , stack of book , and homework assignment . zoe sorry about the mess . dad save everything . she pull out spongebob pjs that be half she size . zoe ( cont 'd ) and I mean , neveryth . 's Maya smile , pull out a photo of Zoe dress as wonder woman for Halloween with she two front tooth miss . maya oh my God . could you be any cuter ? zoe ( smile ) this be the early stuff . ( pull out ziplock ) first haircut , first tooth , ( beat ) ... first blanket . it 's from my birth mother . ( continued ) 77 66 . continued : 77 she hand a fade blanket to Maya who take it , she expression suddenly change . zoe ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) it come with this . Zoe pull out a fade envelope . Maya 's face go white , recognize it . she look up at Zoe in disbelief . zoe ( cont 'd ) it say ... maya ( without read ) '' I will always watch over you . '' she look up at Zoe with tear in she eye . Zoe swallow hard . tear fill she eye as well . maya ( cont 'd ) oh my god . zoe you be my mother , be not you ? Maya back away , overwhelm by more than twenty year of fear and guilt surging through she . zoe ( cont 'd ) I just find out myself ... it 's several moment before Maya can begin to compose herself and almost involuntarily , she step to Zoe and hug she hard , feel Zoe 's shoulder and head with she hand . maya oh my god . tear stream down Zoe 's face at Maya 's primal reaction . they part , then -- maya ( cont 'd ) how ? zoe my dad . I be completely piss at he ... for year , after my mom die , I try to find you . it be just a series of dead end . I sorta give up . but apparently he do not . ( continued ) id . 78 79 continued : they walk . ( 2 ) maya ( laugh through tear ) that be a good decision . Zoe smile . ext . central park - strawberry field - day they walk , arm in arm . maya ask I anything . zoe do you ever search for I ? maya the adoption agency advise I not to . you know , ' do not disrupt she new environment . 's but every time I have see a little girl , I have think be that what Sarah look like now ? zoe you call I Sarah ? ( Maya nod ) so , I would have be Sarah rosalina de la Santa Cruz davilla vargas ? maya you see why I shorten it . ext . promenade - central park - early evening zoe can I ask ... what about my father ? maya I meet he at party . zoe do he know about I ? maya oh baby , I never even know he last name . ( off Zoe ) but he be the most beautiful boy I have ever see . 67 . 77 78 79 ( continued ) 79 80 68 . continued : 79 zoe he be ? maya and so sweet . ( Zoe smile ) I be sixteen and basically on my own . but I know you have to be bear . be not even a question . I leave school , get two job , but I have no one to watch you . they be go to take you away . put you back in the system . I could not let that happen . int . anderson 's hallway - dusk 80 pan across dozen of frame picture of the clarke . we see photo of Zoe as a toddler be carry by she adoptive mother ; Zoe in brace ; play softball ; with both of she parent before the prom ; stand with only father after graduate from Princeton . there 's love in every image . reveal Maya , stand alone , cry as she look up at the photo - it 's everything she miss in Zoe 's life . zoe ( 0.s. ) I find my old research ! Maya compose herself as Zoe walk through frame at the end of the hall carry a box . zoe ( cont 'd ) but I take out the really good stuff cause I be still gonna kick you ass . she smile playfully and approach Maya . zoe ( cont ’d ) you okay ? Maya nod , a lump in she throat . zoe ( cont 'd ) good . let 's go , I be starve . Maya take one last look at the wall , then take Zoe 's hand with a smile . maya I too . ( continued ) 80 81 69 . continued : 80 ext . iabar - day - montage : from outside , we see Zoe and Maya share a sandwich and talk animatedly . int . rose planetarium - another day Maya and Zoe continue to talk as they walk along the display of planet . ext . riverside park - another day as Zoe and Maya jog , Zoe step on the gas , but Maya keep up . Zoe smile , impressed . ext . christmas tree lot - night Zoe have pick a tree way too big . she and Maya struggle to carry it fireman style , laugh as they stumble . ext./ int . joan 's house - live room - night 81 Joan walk in from the kitchen with a bottle of wine , top off Maya 's glass and sit with she on the couch . joan so that 's where you have be . I can not believe it . I mean , it 's like out of a movie . maya Joan . joan you be right . no super heroes . no one will give a sheet . maya and please start cursing . ( then ) the last few day have be - amazing . she want to get to know I . joan oops . maya no kid . she want to make up for lose time . joan good . ( continued ) 81 82 70 . continued : 81 maya she want to meet my friend . joan great . Love to . maya no. not great . my '' friend '' from Harvard , and the peace Corps who do not actually exist . int . tavern on the GREEN - day 82 Anderson sit at lunch across from Maya and Zoe . anderson I have like to explain myself , to both of you . maya you do not have to . zoe oh yes , he do . anderson we use to say Zoe get she spirite streak from she mother , now we know that be only half true . ( Maya laugh ) when Zoe start look for you , I do not know if it be healthy or not , but she be not exactly ask my permission ... after a while , she give up , and ... ( to Zoe ; quelling he emotion ) .-. something go out in you . I know what you mother would have say , '' fix it , Andy , '' so I keep the feeler out . ( to Maya ) and suddenly , almost magically , there you be online , formidably so . I have no idea if you have want to have contact with Zoe , and I could not risk she be reject , so , after read you resume , I ... zoe manipulate we . ( continued ) 82 tar continued : 82 anderson ( he gesture , meat culpa ) one day , god willing , you will understand the length a parent will go to for they child 's happiness . besides , for all I know Maya could have be a serial killer . maya well , you still have not see what 's in my basement . anderson ( chuckle ; then ... ) I do lie , though . to both of you . and for that I be sorry . Anderson take Zoe 's hand as they smile at each other . Maya be affect by the deep love between they . maya listen guy , there 's something -- from behind they , we hear familiar voice . big ant ( 0.s. ) Maya ? be that Maria Maya vargas ? reveal , Big ant , suzi , and Joan try they best to look '' up town . '' pant suit , hair do up , less make - up . big ant ( cont ’d ) what be the odd ? joan we be just on we way to the alumnus social for norton . maya wharton . ( to Zoe & Anderson ) Zoe , Anderson ... this be my old friend from -- suuzi Harvard . ( extend she hand ) Susan . Kennedy . distant relation . joan ( extend she hand ) joan. London . no relation . ( more ) ( continued ) 82 continued : Wan ( 2 ) 82 joan ( cont 'd ) ( be : Maya who look apoplectic ) we do some time in the peace Corps . big ant Big . ant . no relation . ( off they look ) -.- we save whale . joan ( stare at Zoe ) so , you be Maya 's little girl . suzi she 's totally get you eye . maya so , guy . where 's the mixer ? joan Upper West side somewhere . we driver have the 4- 1 - 1 . big ant we just stop in for a couple drink and a tinkle . joan so we must go . philanthropy never wait . suzi always save something . anderson I think you say it be a alumnus social . joan Three hour with drunk alum paw at we checkbook , we will be the one who need save . Anderson and Zoe laugh . Maya go along with it painfully . anderson be not that always the truth . well , nice to meet you lady . zoe yes , it 's lovely to finally meet some of Maya 's friend . 83 73 . int . maya 's office - day 83 Maya enter to find chase and hildy . maya hi guy -- ( off they excited look ) what ? hildy set a stack of research on Maya 's desk . hildy I find the hole ! maya I be sorry ? chase in the market . here ... he push a top sheet of data towards Maya . maya ( read ) fruit ? hildy not just any fruit . maya tangerine ... huh . hildy we data show that there 's a thirty - seven percent increase in sale of any moisturizer , face cream or block with a citrus smell . and they have all be do , except lox . .-.- chase do you know what this mean ? hildy we do it ! yes ! but Maya still look unsure . chase Maya ? ( continued ) 83 84 continued : 74 . 83 hildy ( warning ) we be at deadline . maya I know . it 's just ... none of we survey give we any indication that this really matter . hildy we have to green light ? please ? maya ( a beat , then ) okay . hildy and chase start celebrate . Maya seem unsure . ext . highl . Maya and J ine - later 84 oan walk silently . joan so you be still mad at I for lunch ? ( Maya shrug ) she seem nice . maya yeah . joan so pretty too . maya uh huh . joan unlike the bug up you ass . maya oh come on , Joan , '' save the whale ? '' really ? joan she nail it in rehearsal . maya why would you spring that on I without check ? joan we be help you . ( continued ) 84 continued : 75 . 84 maya I wish you would ask . joan you say she want to meet you friend . ( off Maya ) so what , suddenly we do not exist anymore ? be careful Maya , do not confuse you new Facebook thing with who you really be . maya my daughter think I be this amazing person , what do you want I to do ? joan try tell she the truth . maya and ruin everything , be you crazy ? maybe once we have get to know each other more . joan you once say the exact same thing about Trey . maya ( Joan 's right , but - - ) that 's a shitty thing to say . joan if the shite fit . maya you have no idea what it 's be like . you have no idea how many time a day I still think about she ! be she okay ? be she happy ? be she even alive ?... and now , you be right , I have find she and it 's all mess up , I be a mess , and I hate the lie but I have to be the person she think I be or I will definitely lose she and I can not survive that again . joan you act like you do not have a choice . ( continued ) 84 85 86 76 . continued : ( 2 ) 84 maya I do not . joan then I guess it 's too bad she will never meet the old Maya ; she be a amazing person . Joan walk off . int . maya 's apartment - night 85 Maya sit alone in she apartment , several iteration of the ' green line 's and stack of data lie on the coffee table . unable to concentrate , she lean back and sigh , look around the apartment that , somehow , do not seem so grand anymore . int . maya 's office - day 86 ariana ( 0.s. ) hold everything ! ariana burst in hold a flash drive . Maya , hildy and chase look up from they work . hildy please do not shout . ariana ( to Maya ; dizzy from the view ) before we run down hildy 's tangerine road I want to make sure we be good . maya and ? ariana we be not . she close she eye and '' bravely '' inch she way over to Maya 's desk , hold out the flash drive . hildy oh , for the love of god . she grab the flash drive and hand it to Maya who put it into she computer . up come graphic for -- ( continued ) tah 's 86 continued : 86 ariana ( eye still close ) pond just announce they be put out a whole tangerine skin care line . and it 's green . hildy what ? chase they beat we to the punch ? maya who care . for every pepsi there 's a Coke . I say we stay the course . ariana start back away ... hildy the board will never go for it . especially if they be out first . we have be burn in marketing war before . they want originality . maya originality . so ... you be say -- hildy we be do . we be out of time . hildy slump on the couch . Maya feel terrible . maya I be sorry guy . she grab she coat and walk out . 87 int . value club - triple mas - day 87 the back room overflow with mmm 's . Maya walk in , unsettle . big ant oh , look who come to the mountain . joan you mean down off the mountain . suziI what 's wrong ? joan ( think she come clean ) they fire you ? ( continued ) 87 continued : 78 . 87 maya might as well have . nine week of work , and we just get beat by another company do the same damn thing . suzi well , everything happen for a reason , right ? ( off Maya 's look ) you be with you daughter again . big ant who 's gorgeous , by the way . maya thank you guy for the other day . it be a little pathetic , but very sweet ... ( teasing ) mostly pathetic . big ant I know , I go with whale , should 'a say frog . gotta listen to my gut more . maya I too . I let myself get talk into data and spreadsheet when I should have stick with what get I there . there 's just so many product , so much competition . too much noise . suzi when there 's too much noise in the car from the kid scream , I lay on the horn . eeeeeeeehh ! shut ‘em right up every time . maya if only there be a skin-care equivalent . joan of what ? maya one thing to cut through the noise ... one thing to ... omigod , that 's it . ( continued ) 87 88 89 79 . continued : ( 2 ) 87 suzI what ? maya you guy be amazing , I love you , I gotta go . she run out . Joan shake she head , disappointed in Maya . big ant ( to suzi ) what you do not realize about the horn thing , be you kid duck down in the back seat , and you look like a crazy lady drive alone with you horn blow . off suzi ... chase ( pre - lap ) one product ? int . car - later 88 Maya be on the phone . scream . maya yes ! that do the job of all three . int . lab - same 89 chase on he cell phone . chase we should run it by hildy to check the number . maya forget the number . that 's what get we in this mess in the first place . I get a good feel about this . we be make one product that do everything . rejuvenate , block the sun , moisturize the whole body . I mean think about it , how ridiculous be it that we have a different cream for every body part . it 's stupid . chase so I can use it for my jock itch ? ( continued ) 80 . 89 continued : 89 maya ( a beat ) okay , so there will still be two creams . 90 ext . NYC STREET - day 90 Maya and chase walk as he eat a hot dog from the cart . chase Maya , spf formulas that block the sun and stay on you skin be synthetic and can actually be poisonous . you do not want people sleep in it . plus we only have three week leave . maya but , be not there a natural compound that give sun protection and be not poisonous ? chase you be talk a biopolymer with a sun resistant , organic component ? maya yes ! chase no ! maya why ? chase it do not exist . maya yet . if we can put everything into one product instead of three , and keep it green ? that 's a game changer . no one be do that . chase shake he head ' not possible . 's maya ( cont 'd ) chase , I believe in you . ( check she watch ) shit , we will make a quick stop at the Christmas party , and then we ’1ll hit the lab . ( continued ) 81 . 90 continued : 90 she try hail a cab , but chase hesitates . chase I can not go . maya why not ? chase it 's for executive only . Maya approach he . know what it feel like not to belong . maya gimme a break . you be my date . and ariana too . it 's on the top floor , she will be thrilled . 91 int . executive dine room - night 91 decorate for Christmas , the f&c executive holiday party be in full swing with a 8 piece band . Maya , in a black dress , hair up , come in with chase who 's stuff into a ill-fitting suit . Maya can tell he 's nervous . maya you okay ? chase there 's a reason I be banish to cat food . not good at this thing . chase grab a glass of wine off a waiter 's tray and downs it . maya why do Felix banish you ? chase ( a beat , then ) the whole novalis scandal be Felix 's idea . he want I to cheat the reading to hide the fact we be repackage shampoo as a hair growth product . but I would not do it . maya so he let you keep you job if you keep quiet , but send you to siberia . ( off chase 's painful nod ) so why do not you quit ? ( continued ) 82 . gl continued : 91 chase because that 's what he want . Maya see Felix at the bar with ron , who raise he drink . Maya smirk back . zoe ( 0.s. ) well if it be not team Green . Maya turn to see Zoe , look fantastic . she smile . maya Zoe , wow . you look amazing . zoe thanks . pretty damn fine yourself . they be unsure how to greet each other , settle for a hug and semi-cheek - kiss . they laugh . zoe ( cont 'd ) do any of that research help ? maya ( cryptically ) who 's ask , my rival or my -- zoe you daughter . Maya smile at the warmth , once again feel pang of guilt . Anderson approach . anderson well , I seem to have find the cool crowd . ( quietly ) and two of the most beautiful people here . chase thank you . ( then realize ) right . anderson ( offer he hand to Maya ) shall we ? they start to dance just as Felix sidle up to chase . ( continued ) 91 92 continued : ( 2 ) felix I believe the party for the lower - level employee be down at chili 's . chase I come with Maya . felix ah , well , enjoy this while you can . Word be you will be back to cat food soon enough . 83 . 91 chase spot ariana stand nervously at the entrance . ignoring Felix , he walk over to she . chase you look pretty good . ariana oh , thanks . chase I be actually surprised you make it off the elevator . ariana I just barf into my purse . she hand the small , close clutch to chase . chase I see . do you trust I ? ariana of course . he start to undo he tie , lead she away from the floor . as they pass Felix , chase hand he the purse . chase hold this for a sec . confused , Felix reach for the purse 's zipper . int . executive dine room , dance floor - night dance 92 Anderson and Maya dance . he can tell she 's conflict . anderson you okay ? Maya nod . they watch Zoe dance '' the Shopping cart '' with a group of co-worker . ( continued ) 92 84 . continued : 92 maya be she happy ? anderson happier ... ( off Maya ) f&c be never she ambition , but she come to work right out of college . I should not have let she but I be selfish and we be both hurt and ... but now she need to go and live a life , and fall in love , forget about the old man for awhile . maya be it awkward to say thank you ? in my dream I could not have ask for ... you and Cynthia both do a incredible job with she . anderson ( touch ) she 's the love of we life . they admire Zoe , dance and laugh and young . ron ( 0.s. ) hail to the Chief . ron dance with hildy . ron ( cont 'd ) ( to Anderson ) everything good with China ? anderson apparently you dinner go well . jiang be so impressed with we facility that he want to make a deal . ron fantastic . I know once he see they , he would be in . ( cut off Maya before she can contest the lie ) Maya really help I to convey that to Mr. jiang . Anderson be pleased . ron give Maya a '' you owe I one '' look , which be echoed by hildy . Zoe , who 's dance nearby , witness this . ( continued ) 85 . 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 maya ( steely ) happy to help . anderson look who finally show up . Samuel weiskopf , from value Club come over . Anderson stop dance to greet he as Maya blanch . SAMUEL weiskopf Anderson . anderson ( they shake hand ) hello , Sam . of course you know Maya from she time consulting for you at value Club . SAMUEL weiskopf ( perplex ) when be that ? Maya realize he do not recognize she . ron clock this . ron be not it fairly recently , Maya ? maya ( pivote ) you have build a great business , Mr. weiskopf , you should be proud . SAMUEL weiskopf tell I you name again . ron funny you two not know each other . the music change to a upbeat tempo . Zoe know Maya be be cornere by she asshole partner and move in to rescue she . zoe ( playfully ) it 's party time , guy . time to just shut up and dance . weiskopf ( look at Maya ) I be down . ( continued ) 92 93 86 . continued : ( 3 ) 92 maya ( ' fuck it ’) you sure about that ? they spin away , it 's immediately clear that weiskopf be out of he league . weiskopf I be sure we have not meet . I always remember the attractive executive . maya I too . that 's why I be sure we have not meet . Maya spin , snap and twirl into he , knock he backwards . weiskopf ( laugh ) okay , I be fairly sure I deserve that . whoa ! people make room as he try to keep he foot in the barrage of Maya 's aggressive dance move . ext . observation deck - night 93 use he tie as a blindfold over she eye , chase lead ariana outside . ariana be we outside ?! ohmigod ! chase it 's fine . here , I have get you . he wrap he arm around she . she cling to he shirt . chase ( cont ’d ) I be go to take the blindfold off . ariana no. chase when I do , look only at I . ariana okay , but , can I say something first ? ( continued ) 93 94 95 87 . continued : 98 ) chase of course . ariana you do not need to pull some Titanic bullshit to get close to I . chase oh . I be go to show you the city and tell you you be the queen of the world . ariana can you tell I inside ? chase oh. sure . int . dance floor - night 94 weiskopf and Maya continue dance . he 's try to keep up . weiskopf ( get wind ) so what be you work on ? maya skin care . we have get some great idea , but so far we R&D have be bombing big time . weiskopf well , stay at it . through the great disaster , there be always a morsel of hope . she dip he , hold he horizontally until a huge realization hit she ... maya that 's it . .-.- and she drop he . maya ( cont 'd ) oh , sorry . int . executive dine room - continuous 95 } chase and ariana come in from the observation deck . before he can talk , she grab he around the waist and smile . ( continued ) os 96 97 88 . continued : 95 ariana just so we be clear , I 'ma little kinky . chase um , okay . they kiss . she bite he lower lip . he yelp . she smile . he 's a little nervous and a little turn on . maya chase , we gotta go . now . ext . queensborough bridge - night 96 Maya 's car be speed down the road . int . car - night 97 chase be shotgun . chase where be we go ? maya I cannot believe weiskopf do not recognize I . chase what be you talk about ? maya it 's like in a different uniform they look right through you . Maya call someone . maya ( cont 'd ) come on , answer . shit , he voicemail 's full . ( hang up the phone ) look like we will have to bust in . I be sorry . I be rambling . chase if you could give some context ... maya weiskopf say something . out of the biggest disaster , there can still be hope . ( continued ) 97 98 continued : chase which disaster be we talk about ? maya Hiroshima . chase how much do you have to drink tonight ? maya when I be a little girl , my grandma give I this pot plant and tell I this story . after we drop the bomb , the military send a team to Japan to make sure the radiation have deplete . the only thing they find that have not be destroy be one single live tree . chase still wonder about you alcohol intake . should you be drive ? maya the leave be already grow back . a month later it flower . the citizen build a temple around it , and the soldier take clipping from it . one of that soldier be my grandpa . she pull onto a familiar street and park the car . chase okay . what kind of tree be it ? maya the japanese call it gin kyo which mean silver apricot . ext . trey 's house - night they climb out of the car , and cross the street . maya after return home , my grandpa plant he clipping and name it after my grandmother , Silver guadalupe . 89 ) . 97 98 she ring the front door bell , and knock on the door . ( continued ) 98 99 100 90 . continued : 98 chase ( realization ) and it 's resistant to radiation . she try the two front window . they be lock . maya aka the sun . she lead he through a side gate to the back yard . where a lattice hug a clematis vine to the side of the building . chase we be break in ? you know they have ginkgo tree in Central Park ? she stop at the second story and shimmy across to a darken balcony . maya not the same kind . that 's my plant in there . ( off chase ) I use to lose my key all the time . she jump over the railing and land on the balcony , reach around and unlock the door . int . trey 's house - same 99 she walk in . take in the space . it 's different . she note the empty end table . the picture they use to have of the two of they together be no longer there . after a moment she pick up the pot plant . maya ( quietly ) thank you , abuela . ext . trey 's house - night 100 she put the tree in the car . she get in , then -- maya gimme a minute . she get out of the car and begin scribbling a note , take a leaf off the tree and be about to go to the front door when : ( continued ) 100 101 102 103 Sat. continued : 100 trey pull into the driveway . Maya smile when she see he until a blonde woman get out from the passenger side . they be laugh , he put he arm around she , and they walk to the front door . off Maya . ext . chase 's NYC apartment build - night 101 Maya 's car come to a stop . chase get out and wave as Maya pull away . int . maya 's car - night 102 Maya drive , lose in think . second guess every move she 's make in the last several week . second guess what she leave behind - she friend ... she life ... Trey . she look in the passenger seat at the little pot plant - then back to the road as she make she way to she apartment in the city . int . maya 's office - next morning 103 where hildy be stand in front of Maya , chase , and ariana , hildy and this will undoubtedly set you back a bit , but as the ancient proverb say , '' man make plan , and then the Big man take a poop on they . '' n’est pas ? ariana I do not think that 's how it go . maya so you be leave we for ron ? hildy it 's not because everyone think you be delusional to try and invent a whole new product with three week to go . it 's just ... ron value I . plus , when he assistant d.e. get colitis , it just seem too good to be true . as hildy go to the door , she turn for one final comment when ariana interrupt . ( continued ) 103 104 92 " continued : 103 ariana no. no. say less . ariana slam the door in hildy 's face . ariana ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) God that feel good . int . lab - day 104 a chemist carefully grind leave before feathering they into a mixer fill with a churn green emulsion . chase first we emulsify the leave and mix they with different base compound . ( be : a thermometer ) then we give it a few hour to see if it will homogenize . and then we begin the ultra-violet light test to see if it work . maya what if it do not ? technician you be screw . ariana it be not over ' till it 's over . maya ( smile ; remind of Trey ) that 's right . how long could this take ? technician to be honest , could take a lifetime . ariana to be honest , you be kind of annoying . ( then , to Maya ) we be not go to let you down . she hold she fist out , chase put he in , Maya put hers in . 105 106 107 108 109 110 93. int . lab - day / night - music montage : 105 a couple of the cat mill about in the background , as the technician level and pour a scoop of leave into a mixer . the solution turn to a runny oil . he shake he head . ariana give he a blister look . frightened , the technician go to make another batch . int . starbucks - day 106 Maya pick up several coffee for she team , balance a bag of scone under she chin . int . lab - day 107 chase write equation on a dry erase board as ariana , from a distance , check out he ass . she 's catch by Maya who return with the coffee . ariana smile sheepishly . a new batch come out of a mixer bubbling and steaming . everyone react , ' not good . 's the technician scoops a new brownish sample onto the table . everyone wince as they sniff -- maya damn . int . lab - night 108 Maya , chase and ariana sleep on the lab table . a couple of the cat be lick chase 's face . he giggle , dream . int . lab - day 109 exhausted , chase , walk up to find another small sample of the brown batch in a lump on he papers . he look at the technician , '' wtf ? '' the technician shrug . then , chase draw he look to one of the cat which just stare at he . int . lab - later 110 chase walk by vat after vat of fail version of mixture , then approach one final one . he scoops up a ' white -ish 's sample and smile at Maya . chase behold . ( continued ) 110 111 112 94 . continued : 110 maya what 's that ? chase hope . int . solar lab - day 111 chase spread some of the white cream across a gray plate . the technician set other plate with different version of cream on they beneath a array of '' sun simulator . '' he look for he glass , then see ariana wear they , lie with she face under a sun simulator try to tan . he tap she shoulder . she startles awake . with everyone wear glass now , chase flip a switch and all of the simulator bloom with UV light . ariana they be glow ! maya what do it mean ? chase take he glass off . then smile big -- chase it 's party time ! they all hug . scream . they have something ! int . maya 's office - day 112 Maya be prepare she presentation . ron knock at the door . ron get a minute ? maya sure. ron no hard feeling with hildy jump ship ? maya you do not get my thank you note ? ( continued ) 112 113 95 . continued : 112 ron ( smile ) interested to see what you get . maya I think you will be impressed . ron have not be so far . ( then ) I be not fond of liar , Maya . Maya stare he down , what do he know ? ron ( cont 'd ) everything check out , but it do not add up . ( then ) I really do not care how you get here , Maria vargas . because the one thing you and I both know be that you do not belong . he walk away . off Maya we -- int . conference room - morning 1 - 3 ) fill with technician , executive , assistant . member of the board sit in the front row . Zoe step she pull anderson I have task two team with two different challenge . Zoe 's team set out to create a slightly more organic alternate to a exist product line , while Maya 's task be to create a completely new one . a totally green line . Zoe ? forward . hildy pass out test result . zoe thank you . if a picture be worth a thousand word , then this test result should be priceless ... you ask we to re-purpose one organic line , we make you two . skin care . a sheet off a line of product , then nod to ron . ron and make-up . ( continued ) 13 96 . continued : 13 ron pull a sheet off a second line of product . Anderson , like everyone , be impressed . hildy what can I say , we be over achiever . ariana and Maya exchange a look as people pore over stat . anderson be this number right ? ron yes . with a minimal cost , we make we product six percent more organic than we previous line . zoe we estimate we can raise we price per unit by four percent , and increase we annual skin care revenue by twenty - three million . the room applaud . hildy take this in , satisfied . anderson very impressive , Zoe , ron and .... hildy jump up . hildy hildy . ostrander . thrill to be part of all this . anderson okay then . ( turn to Maya ) Maya ? you ball . Maya step up . maya well , my partner , chase iskowitz , ariana ng -- ( hildy roll she eye ) -- and I have challenge ourselves to think outside the box . and in keep with that theme , we have like to move we presentation outside . Zoe , ron and the rest of the board look confuse . 114 97 . ext . central park - day 114 a display table cover with a table cloth have be set up underneath a flowering tree with a big desk top computer screen . the board member as well as Zoe 's team watch , intrigue , as they stand adjacent to the road . before Maya begin , ariana lean in to Maya and whisper -- ariana everything 's ready . maya ( quietly concerned ) okay . but I still do not think we need -- ariana -- please . every great presentation need a ' wow 's factor . trust I . Maya look at ariana , then chase . she smile with she reassurance and nod . Maya then turn to the group -- maya we be stand here beneath this tree for a very special reason . sometimes the simple answer to complicated question be right in front of we . Consumers be always look for something natural and real , but they be confuse by the amount of choice out there . she nod to ariana who cue the graphic on the screen . maya ( cont ’d ) word like , " paralyze '' , '' confused '' , '' lose '' , keep pop up in we research . I be sure you will all agree that we do not want to be catch hold the bag with thirty - four percent of the inventory when the crash come . ron what crash ? maya the one that 's already happen . people feel rip off . we use one bar of soap for we whole body , why be we face sub-divide ? ( continued ) 98 . 114 continued : 114 Zoe look intrigue . ron uh , because we can make more money ? a few board member laugh . Zoe bristle at ron 's sarcasm . maya I think f&c have a opportunity to double we market share by give people what they want and what they need ; one organic product that do it all . and that product come from this very ginkgo tree . she uncover a small jar on the table with a simple ginkgo leaf logo . maya ( cont 'd ) all - in - one ginkgo cream . Anderson look very impressed . Maya cue ariana as -- maya ( cont ’d ) it 's a revolutionary idea that we think -- chase pull back the table cloth so that ariana can reach into a cage fill with dove . maya ( cont 'd ) -- be really go to take off ... ariana and chase grab several of the cute bird . maya ( cont 'd ) -- and signify a new era in skin care . ariana and chase release the dove that start to fly out into the park , then circle the tree ... maya ( cont 'd ) -- fill with the hope and dream of every woman to look rejuvenate , while be protect by a product that will naturally and delicately care for they beauty . the dove swoop back over the group and out to the road where a truck drive by and smack into they in a explosion of white feather . ( continued ) 114 1-5 116 continued : ( 2 ) off the horrify look from the board -- ariana oh . maya ( brightly to the group ) any question ? ext . mcginley 's bar - night downtown elmhurst . be around for decade . int . mcginley 's bar - night full swing . Cole 's birthday . people be drink , dance . Maya walk in . joan whoa , she 's here . ( to Cole ) you owe I five buck . ( to Maya ) so , do the presentation go good ? maya define good ? joan do they like it . maya until peta come . joan who 's he ? dilly ( 0.s. ) auntie m! 99 ) . 114 115 116 shouting , Maya turn , surprised to see dilly home from college . maya ( hug he ) you be home !? how 's Stanford ? joan yeah , tell she . I can not . dilly I have spend the past decade write code , building my own apps . ( more ) ( continued ) 116 100 . continued : 116 dilly ( cont 'd ) why waste four year on a piece of paper that say I know how to do what I already know how to do ? Joan , disgust walk away ... dilly ( cont 'd ) she 's really piss at I . maya she do not want you to wind up like I . dilly what be you talk about ? you be slay it . maya we be only allow so many bad decision , dill . drop out now only kneecap you ability to make good one . off dilly , feel a little guilty . trey ( 0.s. ) look who 's back . dilly peel off as Maya turn to see Trey . maya hey ! I be hope to see you . trey you look -- ( he consider ) -- different . maya be that bad ? trey it 's never bad . ( then ) listen , I -- joan ( 0.s . ) thank you all for come -- on joan near the bar ( continued ) 101 . 116 continued : ( 2 ) 116 joan ( cont 'd ) -- to celebrate my Christmas baby , my better half , the man that keep I sane . big ant ( shouting ) he 's slack on the last part . everyone laugh and toast , '' to cole '' . maya ( to Trey ) can we talk ? she motion to go outside . Trey nod and follow . ei ? ext . mcginley 's - night 117 maya look , there 's something I never tell you . trey about you daughter ? ( off Maya 's surprise ) Joan tell I ... all that conversation we have about family . maya I know . I be ashamed . I think ... I should have tell you . trey I guess we both dodge a bullet then . maya ( disagree ) I know I ruin it , but what we have be wonderful . trey you be kid yourself . I fall in love with a version of you , never the real you . no relationship build on a lie can ever survive . this settles on Maya . then , from behind . woman 's voice hi honey . ( continued ) ily ? 118 continued : 102 . 117 reveal claire : the blonde that we see with Trey earlier . she come out from the bar and hand he he beer . claire they do not have stout , so ... ( to Maya ) hello . trey thanks . ( then ) Maya , Claire . claire Nice to meet you . ( then ) Trey talk about you , a lot . congratulation on all you success . maya thanks . ( then ) well I no better ... Maya 's phone ring . she pause , not want to take it . trey we will see ya around . Trey walk Claire back into the bar . Maya watch he disappear , he word still sting . then , she answer -- maya hello ? what ? now ? int . anderson 's office - evening Maya rush in . maya I can not believe you be still here . everything okay ? Anderson grab he thing . anderson it could have wait until Monday . but then I would not be able to say this in person . and you would not have the weekend to prepare you speech . 118 ( continued ) 118 103 . continued : 118 maya speech ? Anderson extend he hand . he smile -- anderson the board unanimously vote to endorse you product . maya oh my God ! even with the whole bird thing ? anderson yes , that be unfortunate . Zoe enter with a cup of coffee . Maya feel awkward in she victory against she daughter . zoe congratulation . she smile , and give Maya a hug . then -- zoe ( cont ’d ) except for the donation we will have to make to the National dove Society , you be go to help make this company a lot of money . and that 's good for all of we . anderson we want you to present it to we distributor at the conference on Monday . zoe it 's kind of a big deal . it 's stream online . Business weekly , forbe , fortune , they all report on its maya wow . zoe and there 's one more thing . she motion to she father with a smile . ( continued ) 118 119 104 . continued : ( 2 ) 118 anderson we do not want you to consult anymore . we want you to work with we permanently . he get he thing . anderson ( cont ’d ) it 's late . we can discuss it all on Monday . ( as he head out ) but excellent work today , Maya . welcome to the family . he leave . Zoe turn to Maya -- zoe wanna celebrate ? ext . NYC STREET - night nake ) they walk in silence . zoe what 's the matter ? I think you would be happier . maya it 's just . a lot . zoe which part ? maya all of it . ( then ) I do not make product , Zoe . that 's not really what I do . zoe it be now . maya I think I just want to try it to prove to myself that I could . ( then ) and , to be fair , you dad reach out to I , not because he think it be a good idea , but because he want we to get to know each other . ( continued ) 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 1os ' . continued : 119 zoe what 's the difference ? it turn out to be a good idea , and we get to know each other . she stop , face Maya . zoe ( cont ’d ) I have live my whole life without you . and now we can build we life together , like it be mean to be . I can not remember the last time I be this happy . she hug Maya . Maya hug she back fill with guilt . music up as : ext . NYC STREET - night 120 Maya walk lose in she own world . we see flashback : int . value club - flashback 121 the triple m 's applaud she exit from v.c. ext . harlem river - flashback 122 Maya drip wet as the break boat be carte away . we see what Maya do not see before - Zoe look at she , smile . int . maya' apartment - flashback 123 Joan and Maya jump on she bed , laugh . int . zoe' bedroom ~- flashback 124 Zoe give Maya the blanket , and the letter . int . maya' apartment - night 125 back to Maya , look out at the city from she balcony . int . f&c hallway - day 126 ron be walk when he cell ring . he answer : ( continued ) 126 127 128 106 . continued : 126 ron yes ? okay , put he through . ( then ) hello , Mr. Taylor ? int . edward taylor 's office - same - intercut : 127 Taylor , mid-fifty , sit behind a sprawling desk in a fancy office . we see a logo on the wall behind he : maybelline . edward taylor yes , Mr. ebsen . so sorry for the delay response . I have be do a lot of travel the past few week . ron that 's quite alright . edward taylor I get you message , and I have to say , I be a bit confuse . we never have a Maria vargas work here . ron 's eye light up . the break he be look for . ron really ? edward taylor absolutely . as far as maybelline go , that person never exist . off ron 's look we -- int . auditorium - day 128 rigged with television camera to stream online , the auditorium be fill with several hundred people . angle on the stage : set up like a Apple keynote . Zoe stand alone at the podium , face a audience of several hundred - the f&c logo on the screen behind she . zoe my father would normally be make this introduction , but because of special circumstance , he be , for once , allow someone else to get a word in . ( continued ) 128 continued : 1o7 = 128 laughter as Zoe look off stage to Maya and smile at she . zoe ( cont ’d ) in a world of increase competition , and decrease profit , sometimes you need a fresh perspective to build a better mousetrap . be not that what you always say , dad ? from the front row . laughter . anderson when I can get a word in . zoe so , we hire a woman who have achieve she success not by go by the book , but by use she gut . ( she look to Maya ) someone not afraid to tell the truth , even if that truth hurt . lady and gentleman , Maya vargas . on the screen : the beautifully design jar with a gingko - leaf logo . Maya walk on stage to applause . ron enter the auditorium . he spot Anderson in the crowd and make he way towards he to tell he the news . maya thank you , Zoe. Anderson . thank you for give I a chance . not everyone in corporate America do that . there be people out there who be never give a opportunity because they could not afford the right college , and never get that degree that would open the door . and you be right , Zoe , maybe I do get where I be today because I be not afraid to tell the truth . even if it hurt . ( deep breath ) and the truth be ... the truth be ... ( fumble ) the truth be ... ron be almost to Anderson ... 129 130 131 132 108 . int . value club - same 129 Joan and the triple m 's watch in the tv and electronics section . joan / suzi / big ant oh shit . / here we go . / she look good . int . auditorium - same 130 maya -- for the past fifteen year I be a checker then assistant manager at the local value Club , in Forest Hills . int . value club - same 13h Joan and the triple m 's cheer ... joan fuck yeah ! int . auditorium - same 132 ron stop in he track and look at Maya , beat to the punch - but still a bitter sweet victory . people react . Anderson look confuse . Maya look at Zoe. maya I invent my resume . my degree . and my accomplishment . zoe what ? angle on chase chase Holy cow . angle on ariana ariana cool . angle on ron ( continued ) 132 uli ) 134 109 . continued : 132 ron yes ! maya it 's what I think I need to do to get in the door . to be good enough . I think none of you would have look at I if you know the truth . angle on : weiskopf in the crowd , dawn on he who she be . maya ( cont 'd ) so I give you a version of I . but no relationship build on a lie can ever survive . int . trey 's house - kitchen - day 133 Trey watch on he iphone . he smile , proud of Maya . int . auditorium - same 134 maya so , for better or worse , I have to be who I really be . and ... I be Maya from queen . that 's the real I . hildy ( to Felix ) this be so embarrassing . how fun . as a commotion build in the audience , Maya look at Anderson - maya what I do be wrong . I be sorry . I should not have lie . ( to Zoe ) to any of you . ( back the crowd ) chase ? ariana ? chase and ariana , stunne , shuffle down they row to the aisle , push past the equally stunne hildy and Felix , and take the stage . maya ( cont 'd ) it 's all yours . she walk off the stage leave chase and ariana to face the crowd . behind the podium they hold hand . ( continued ) 134 135 136 esi7 138 hon continued : 134 Maya walk off the stage , and approach Zoe . Zoe look at she , then turn and walk away . maya ( v.o. ) I know that many people believe in fate ; and trust I , there be time I wish I be one of they . music full as we see : int . maya' apartment - day 135 Maya look around she Manhattan apartment for the last time . she take she suitcase and walk out the door . maya ( v.o. ) I tend to think we life be shape by a series of choice ; one decision lead to another and another . int . NYC subway - day 136 Maya ride the train back to queen . maya ( v.o . ) as far as I can tell , it 's the journey through all this decision that paint the clearest portrait of who we really be . ext . NYC STREET - day lyi Joan help she find a new apartment . Maya , sadly turn to she best friend and hug she . maya ( v.o. ) I have make some spectacularly awful choice in my life . ext . dakota - anderson 's apartment - STREET - day 138 it 's move day . Zoe sit on the lift gate of a move truck on the street as worker be load , and read a letter write to she by Maya . maya ( v.o. ) next to give birth to you , the best decision I ever make be to give you up . 1:39 ) 140 141 142 143 mii ... int . anderson 's apartment - same a:3'9 ) Anderson be carry the last box out of Zoe 's room . he look around sadly , then walk out into the hall . maya ( v.o. ) ..- because you never would have become you if it be not for you parent . int . warehouse - day 140 Maya , Joan and the triple m 's be be lead through a empty warehouse with a realtor . maya ( v.o. ) and because you be exactly the person I have like to be when I grow up ... int . coffee shop - day 141 Zoe watch the snow fall outside as she sip she coffee . maya ( v.o . ) .-.- you will always be the best thing that ever happen to I . I be sorry I screw it up . again . super : one year later ext . triple m - warehouse - day 142 a sign say , mmm.com joan ( pre - lap ) Monday Morning Mom 's , hold on please . int . triple m - warehouse - day 143 Joan supervise several of the triple m 's fulfil order from they online site . Maya be be interview by a reporter from Business week . maya we aggregate consumer favorite product , opinion , recipe , anecdote , picture and share they with we member . ( more ) ( continued ) b12 ) . 143 continued : 143 maya ( cont 'd ) and all it take to join be a email address and a opinion . big ant ( 0.s. ) and twenty buck . reporter you create a online store specifically design for each member ? maya yes . and we make suggestion base on past purchase so you virtual shelf be stock with item you have find interesting . it be my godson 's idea . he create the app between final . ( wave at dilly ) Works here in the summer when he 's not at Stanford . he 's a genius . reporter he 's not alone . you basically say to value Club , we be gonna build a better mousetrap . from behind they , reveal Sam weiskopf . weiskopf and we say , we would like to help . big ant he 's we ' lil angel . reporter ( to Maya ) this be quite a accomplishment . it must be incredibly satisfy . Maya be about to answer '' yes '' but it die on she lip ... maya I think it would be , but ... reporter but what ? 144 int . joan 's house - night 144 Joan , Cole , Maya , dilly all have dinner laugh . ( continued ) n 13 . 144 continued : 144 maya ( v.o. ) we spend half we life look back wishing , if only we have do it differently ... Trey come in , carry the gingko tree . he say a awkward , hello . nod for Maya to come talk to he . maya ( v.o. ) ... choose smarter . not make so many mistake . 145 int . joan 's kitchen - night 145 Trey point to a note tie to the tree . trey you really mean this ? maya ask I anything . trey okay , be you -- maya yes . trey you do not know what I be go to ask . maya whatever it be , the answer 's yes . trey do you really lose you daughter ? maya ( hurt but own it ) yes . trey will you ever lie to I again ? maya ( after a beat ) yes. ( off he look ) but that 's the last time . trey be you ready to have a family ? ( continued ) 145 146 114 . continued : 145 maya ( take he hand ) you be my family , so yes . they be about to kiss when they hear a floor board squeak . they look to see Joan , Cole and dilly stare at they from the dining room doorway . joan ( 0.s. ) sorry . they disappear as -- maya ( v.o. ) but the truth be , we mistake do not limit we . only we fear do . ext . hudson river front - dusk 146 Zoe jog alone . maya ( v.o. ) and as unpredictable as this journey have be , I be glad it finally lead I back to you . Zoe stop . we see she Pov : Maya , in she run attire , wait for she . maya hey . you dad tell I I have find you here . zoe dad , huh ? why do that not surprise I ? Maya approach she . maya I think , maybe we could go for a jog . or a run if you be up for it . zoe ( Zoe 's heart race ) I think I have like that . a lot . Maya smile , extend she hand ... maya I be Maya vargas . ( continued ) 146 continued : zoe I be Zoe Clarke . ( they shake hand ) Nice to meet you . ms ) . 146 angle on a nearby park car where Joan , otto , suzi , Big ant and Trey crouch down try not to be see . suzi I be gonna cry . Big ant blow she nose loudly . otto you guy be frickin’ pussy . joan ( off suzi , Big ant ) what ? it 's progress . Trey and otto fist-bump . Zoe start to jog , Maya join she . zoe this time I will not be so easy on you . maya bring it . they begin to run , hard . mother and daughter , together again . maya ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) every day you wake up and have a second chance to do whatever you want , to be whoever you want . the only thing stop you , be you . fade to black .