iturn my screenplay inte a mp3 and it 's making money ] = tuar 's the fact , suck ! secretariat randall wallace revision of a Mike Rich original February 3 , 2009 page 1 of 113 fade in : ext . establishing suburban denver neighborhood — day a manicure , upper-middle - class neighborhood in the late 1960' . a paperboy toss the morning edition onto a porch where a pottery dog hold a nameplate : tweedy . int . chenery home , denver , colorado - day penny chenery tweedy , 40 's , intelligent , elegant , beautiful , walk down the staircase of she precisely arrange home . though it 's early morning , she 's perfectly dress , every hair in place . she check she watch and call out -- penny Breakfast in ten minute ! she open the front door and lift the morning newspaper . close on a newspaper --the denver STAR --with the headline : november 12 , 1969 Nixon vow end to War it 's now lie beside a plate at a perfectly set table ; jack tweedy ( penny 's marry name be tweedy ) , mid - 40' , sit down and tuck a napkin above the knot of he necktie to cover he white shirt . penny be finish make he omelet . they be int . penny 's kitchen , denver - day with the expertise of long practice she slide the omelet into Jack 's plate , place orange slice beside it , and begin mixing pancake . Jack do not look up from the paper . penny Court today ? jack it 's Tuesday , be not it ? penny ( call out ) Sarah ! kate ! you have — - sarah ( enter ) six minute . page 2 of 113 sarah be 18 ; she hurry in and sit on one side of Jack ; she sister kate , 16 , bounce in too , both girl kissing they father and automatically take they place , as penny quickly divide a skillet of egg and kiss the girl on they head . Chris and John , young boy , come in soon after and sit at the table . jack penny , I have three shirt to pick up at the cleaner and two more to go , in the hamper . penny I get they yesterday , I x11 take the other this afternoon . he take a list from he pocket and amend it . jack then you could also go by the wine shop and pick up some riesling , I have get a client come in and that 's all he drink . kate Mom , more juice please . penny grab the juice from the fridge without break flow . sarah I need to pick up a gown . jack a gown ? for a prom ? sarah no , it 's a party . jack and you want a gown ? when you earn you own money you can buy gowns for every party . penny I be sure we can find something reasonable . we will look this weekend , penny write this on a list she have go on the refrigerator , next to '' shirt '' and '' wine . '' jack not gewurtzraminer . only riesling , they 's 1l1 try to fool you . page 3 of 113 penny I have get it , Jack . kate I be sing in the Christmas pageant . jack Christmas pageant ? in June ? kate it 's experimental . penny that 's great , honey ! what part ? kate the War protestor . penny we can get -- I be sorry , the what ? just then the phone ring , surprising everybody this early . penny have lift a bowl of pancake batter ; she shove it under one arm , tuck the phone between she shoulder and ear , and continue to stir as she talk . penny ( into phone ) tweedy residence ... this be she ... jack War protestor ? in a Christmas pageant ? kate it 's cut edge , dad . penny drop the bowl ; it crash to the floor and she remain very still ; steadying herself , she say into the phone -- penny thank you . i1 '11 be there this afternoon . her family be stare , no one move as penny hang up . penny my mother ... for a moment they be all as still as she be . then the girl , then Jack and the boy , move to penny and hug she ; and we push in on penny 's eye , know there be so much she must do , and not know where to begin . page 4 of 113 iturn my screenplay inte a mp3 and it 's duaking dooney ) = thar 's the facr , sack ext . '' the meadow , '' a virginia horse farm - day it 's a cold bleak day , and penny ride in the passenger seat of the rental car as Jack drive they family toward the home penny grow up in -- the main house of a horse breeding farm . penny have a handwritten list . penny I have call the school . Sarah , I could not reach you volleyball coach but I will reach he sometime today . John , you teacher say you can make up the math test Monday . kate I be gonna miss rehearsals . they say you would lose you role if you miss rehearsals . jack War protestor be inherently irresponsible . tell they you be just get into character . penny you nre not go to lose the role . i’1l speak to they this afternoon . jack do not forget to call the johnson and tell they we all miss dinner tomorrow night . penny add to she list . Jack turn the car into a lane mark by a sign : meadow stable . the lane lead past weed choke rail fence , to a stately house that need paint . a dozen car be park outside . int . MAIN house - the meadow - day penny lead she family inside ; old friend of she parent be gather in group throughout the main room , there to pay they respects . miss ham , mid - 60 's , with Old Virginia manners , move immediately to greet she with a genteel hug . miss ham penny , darlin 's , I be so so sorry . penny miss Ham . Jack , kid , you remember miss Ham , granddaddy 's secretary ? penny 's child nod politely ; Jack have thing on he mind . page 5 of 113 jack Nice to see you . could I find a phone , I need to make some call . miss ham of course , please use my office . Jack hurry off without a word . miss Ham 's eye , full of wisdom and sympathy , drift back to penny . penny thank you so much . for everything . hollis say you find she ... in the kitchen . miss ham she be make you father he sandwich , and just fall over . the doctor say she do not suffer . she look peaceful , even there . penny how be daddy ? daddy seem a childlike term for a grow woman to use about she father , but it 's what southerner say till they own die day . miss Ham 's eye tell penny the situation be grim . miss ham he keep ask , where be she ? I be not sure if he mean you mother , or you . miss Ham look down a long hallway , where none of the guest have go . penny turn to she daughter , and speak quietly . ( the boy have already approach the food table . ) penny I be gonna go see you granddaddy , and then I will bring you in . I know all this be not easy for you ; it 's frightening , it 's a terrible time . but grandma be with the angel . and today you become woman . miss ham come on , Girls , let 's get you something to eat . as miss Ham usher the girl away , she glance back once more to penny . we follow penny , as she move down the long hallway , line with picture of racehorse , toward the door at the end . page 6 of 113 as she walk , memories of horseracing -- wild , vibrant , colorful -- bang into she spirit , collide and contrast with the somber gray of she life in general and this moment in particular . we see what she sees in her memory : -- a little girl -- penny , at 6 - - stand at the rail of a racetrack , beside she tall , handsome father -- christopher chenery -- in the prime of he life , as the crowd thunder around they ... -- a pack of racehorse round a turn and head into the home stretch , hoof pound , muscle rippling , color flash , the horse thunder toward the wire . her father 's horse win , and bull hancock {a friend we 'il come to know ) clap he on the back in celebration . Young penny look up at she dad ; he smile down at she , and take she hand . CHRIS chenery we let ’em run , penny ! we always let ’em run ! and adult penny walk toward he office door . pause for the slight moment to steel herself , she open the door . int . christopher chenery 's office - day this be the office of a man who have achieve a great deal , have start from the humblest beginning . on the wall be picture of Christopher chenery with President Kennedy ; another with President Johnson . in one photo Chris be cut a ribbon at the dedication of a massive power station . but most of the shot be of he with horse . we pan across the picture to find Chris chenery now : he 's dress , he hair be comb ; but he 's late 70 's now , and thin , he mind drift into dementia . as penny enter -- christopher helen . where 's my sandwich ? there be already a sandwich on the table beside he . penny lean and kiss he tenderly on the cheek . penny hi , daddy . it 's penny . she sit on the ottoman in front of he and take he hand in hers . he do not respond , except to frown slightly , like a man who be troubled by a memory , no more than a hunch . page 7 of 113 christopher helen ...? penny struggle to say the word ; when she do , it 's firmly penny mother 's go , daddy . it 's penny . christopher no. no ... penny 's go . she get marry . penny be do everything she can to be strong , to see the situation clearly . but it 's hard to see clearly when tear be drip from you eye . int . MAIN house - the meadow - MAIN room - day more people be gather in small knot of mumble mourner in the house 's expansive main room . Jack have return from he phone call and be talk with hollis chenery , 50 , penny 's brother . he 's a tall man , soft from a life of desk work , sorting through investment . hollis the farm will not bring much . I would rather be liquid and have the money in stock . when this Vietnam thing end I see a bull market . penny spot he and move up ; they hug . penny hollis . hollis you just see Father ? she can only nod . her eye find she child , stand at the window and look out at the horse in the field and wishing they could be anyplace but here . hollis I have not realize how quickly he be lose it . when I have call , it would always be mother on the phone . penny yes . we have get a lot to deal with . page 8 of 113 hollis you know the estate tax be seventy percent ? penny Jack 's tell I about the tax , I mean — — hollis seventy percent , penny . if he die before we can restructure asset into shelter , we could lose almost everything . jack I can help you with all of that . penny Excuse I , I need to see to the child . jack {to hollis ) so how 's business in New York ? as she husband and brother talk shop , penny move to she child at the window . she kneel and whisper to they -- penny i’1l take you in to see granddaddy . I just need a minute . the girl squeeze she waist , understanding , as woman instinctively do , that grief mean love . penny look outside ; stand out by the paddock fence be eddie sweat , 33 , black , the farm 's horse - groom ; he 's in he work clothes . at that moment carl hatton , 40 's , the horse - — trainer , come up and begin to berate he because no training be go on ; Eddie gesture sadly toward the house . penny close she eye ... when she open they , she be -- ext . virginia cemetery - day »..and penny be stand at the grave side between she father and Jack , with they child next to he . gather around the grave be fifty friend and neighbor , as the family 's pastor be praying over the grave . page 9 of 113 iturn my screenplay inte a mp3 and it 's duaking dooney ) = thar 's the facr , sack pastor ( 0.s. ) »..and so we return to you the spirit of you faithful servant , helen chenery . love mother , devote wife , who live each moment to the fullest , cherish the life she have with she beloved husband Christopher . as they lower she mother 's casket into the ground , penny squeeze she father 's hand ... and he squeeze back . ext . cemetery - later as the mourner be make they way to they car , penny see the groom , Eddie sweat , and move up to he . ( miss Ham be help Chris chenery to the car . ) penny Eddie . thank you for come . eddie miss penny . you mama be a fine woman . I feel real bad for mister chenery . penny he always admire you . Said you be the best groom in the world . Eddie nod gratefully and step away as bull hancock , now 60 , move up with he son seth , 21 . bull hancock Mrs. tweedy ? Arthur hancock . you daddy call I -- penny bull . and so do everybody else , as I recall . bull and this be my son , Seth . she shake hand with both of they . bull hancock you mother be a fine woman . it be a privilege know she . you father and I ... well , even if he 's half the man he be , he 's still a better man than most . I know you 'il be make some change ; ( more ) page 10 of 113 10 . bull hancock ( cont would ) if you or you family have any question , miss Ham have my number . he start away , then turn back . bull hancock you father 's eye always light up , whenever he talk about you . how smart you be . and how much you love the horse . int . MAIN house at '' the meadow '' - office - day Christopher sit in he favorite chair , cblivious to the post - funeral crowd milling around the house . penny move to he . penny how you do , daddy ? christopher chenery helen ? penny no , daddy , it 's penny . we come out from Denver to ... to see you . silence for a moment . he point at a photograph , show he and a horse and jockey in a winner 's circle . penny the day Hill Prince win in maryland . christopher chenery we let he run that day , do not we ? always let ’em run . always let ‘em run . penny give she father a gentle kiss on the forehead . int . MAIN house at '' the meadow '' - great room - night hollis pour himself a drink ; penny 's stare out the window . the funeral visitor have go , it 's now just family . hollis Doctor say there may be some brief moment when he 's aware of thing , but we should not expect much . especially after this . he take a drink ; he need it . page 11 of 113 will . hollis practical thing would be to put he in a nursing home . penny this be home to he , he know he 's here . as long as he do I think we should hire nurse and let he stay at home . hollis the farm need to go . I just check the book , it 's be lose money for year . no reply . hollis know he young sister can be stubborn . hollis look , I know you love this place , we all do , okay ? but he make it work , he once make lot of thing work . he 's not that man anymore , and we have to face fact . to run a racehorse business you need a certain touch . I be a stockbroker and you be a housewife . he take another drink , and penny 's eye move from he to Jack and they child , visible through the door into the next room . Jack be on the phone , while the kid look through old photo album . Jack hang up and move in to join they . jack I have move up we flight to first thing tomorrow , we gotta get back . penny I need to stay a few day longer . find the right nurse for daddy , sort through mother 's thing . jack but I just change you ticket . penny this place be a mess . and somebody need to make sure daddy be all right . jack he 's get miss Ham , she 's like family . page 12 of 113 12 . penny maybe I need to be here . for I . jack what about the kid ? penny they x11 be all right , Sarah can do with a little responsibility . it all only be a few day . hollis we need to file right away to get he power of attorney . miss Ham say he try to sell four of he best horse last month , for half of what they be worth . Mom have to step in and stop he . now ... jack I suppose someone will have to clean up for the liquidation . penny it all only be a few day . I promise . int . MAIN house at '' the meadow '' — guest bedroom - night penny can not sleep . Jack 's next to she , no such problem . she push back the cover and drift out of bed ... int . MAIN house at '' the meadow '' - office — moment later penny approach the wall of photograph and trophy . the office be dark , light only by the Virginia moonlight . she touch the ball of yarn with the half - finish scarf she mother have be knitting . it 's in a checkerboard pattern , blue and white . on the table beside the chair be a frame photograph ; penny lift it and see : a photo of Chris and penny {she look 13 or so ) , stand next to a majestic horse , father and daughter smile broadly . ext . '' the meadow " -— dawn .»-- and we see the farm in its natural beauty , a lazy mist hang tight to the roll field where horse graze . page 13 of 113 13 . ext . MAIN house at '' the meadow '' — same penny stand beside the car that contain Jack and they child ; she 's smile broadly . penny this 'il be fun for you ! Sarah make great pancake ! johnny they be toxic ! we will not survive ! they laughter tell penny the child will be fine . Jack be different , all business as he start the engine . jack make sure hollis have that power of Attorney order . the estate 's vulnerable . penny I x11 stay on he . no kiss , no smile from Jack . penny pat the car , then wave goodbye and smile cheerfully as the car pull away . kate ( call back ) give granddaddy a hug for we when he wake up ! penny I will ! be good ! I love youl as the car disappear onto the main road , penny be leave in guiet isolation . it 's as if the farm have become a cemetery , and the graze horse marker of the grave of what once be thriving , and alive . int . " the meadow '' - MAIN barn - moment later a barn for race horse and brood mare be a beautiful place , especially when the sun have just light the damp morning air . penny appear in the broad doorway and make she way along the long row of horse stall , reacquaint herself with a place and a life she have largely forget . she stop at a stall that hold a beautiful mare , whose stall plate tell she be somethingroyal . penny hey girl ... you -- you be expect ! page 14 of 113 iturn my screenplay inte a mp3 and it 's duaking dooney ) = thar 's the facr , sack 14 . penny scratch the mare 's nose , then drift to the end of the barn , find a bale of hay , and she sit . there it hit she : the loss of she mother , the decline of she father , the distance in she marriage , the sense that somehow , somewhere , she 's make a wrong turn . she hear a footstep and look up quickly ; miss Ham have enter the barn hold two cup of steaming coffee . penny miss Ham ! good morning . miss ham think you would like a pick - me-up . two sugar and a cream ? penny how have you know ? miss ham it 's how you daddy like it . you doin’ all right , honey ? penny yes . no. I x11 be all right . miss ham I have something else for you . when the doctor send back she effect , I bring they in to you father . he take this out and hand it to I . she hand penny a small decorative pin of a horse and jockey penny mother 's good luck pin . so he want you to have it . miss ham no . he do not believe it be I he be give it to . penny he think you be mother . miss ham he think I be you . all he say be , '' penny . '' {beat ) I 'il see you back at the house . page 15 of 113 15 . miss Ham be start away , to leave she in solitude , when - —- down the breezeway : a commotion as the farm 's trainer , Carl hatton , yell to Eddie sweat , the groom , who have lead up a horse to saddle it for morning exercise . carl hatton Eddie ! who the hell tell you to bring this one out ?! eddie well , I figure -- carl hatton -- you figure nothing ! put he back and bring out that yearling in 18 ! eddie yes sir , mister hatton . hatton see miss Ham and do not mind a bit that she 's hear he tirade ; then he notice penny . carl hatton who the hell be you ? penny I be penny tweedy . penny chenery . carl hatton oh . well . I be sorry about you mother .... I get work to do . penny ( stand ) Excuse I ; Eddie , hold off for a minute on that yearling in 18 . could I speak with you , Mr. hatton ? in private ? carl hatton about what ? penny look at miss Ham and Eddie , who quickly leave . carl hatton I know you and you brother be not horse people , missy , and you have have a loss and all , but you do not come into a barn and interrupt a trainer 's work . not if you want to keep he . page 16 of 113 16 . penny I understand . I just want to ask you about the sale of that brood mare that my mother stop a few week ago . carl hatton what about it ? penny they be worth twice what we be go to sell they for . I could not sleep last night , so I check the book , and make some call this morning to be sure . carl hatton I do not own the horse , you father have to sell ‘em ! penny but as trainer you have know they worth , and that they be about to be sell . what I be wonder be why it have to be my mother who stop the sale , and not you . outside the barn , eavesdropping , be miss Ham and Eddie , hang on every word . inside the barn , hatton be look at penny as he might watch a copperhead he just walk up on . carl hatton the old man , you father . ask he . penny I be ask you . my father 's be sick a long time , and you have be pay to look out for he interest . carl hatton I dol just cause this place be go downhill , it be not my fault ! penny the sale be go to be to Old Dominion Farms . I learn this morning that the owner of Old Dominion be already talk about sell we horse at twice the price they be pay we . and you train for they too , do not you ? page 17 of 113 17 . carl hatton ... sometimes . so what ? penny so if you arrange a deal that give they four race horse for half they market value , and they pay you back with a extra share of everything they make , that would not just be disloyal . it would be conspiracy to commit a felony . outside , miss Ham and Eddie be wide - eye . inside ... carl hatton who the hell do you think you be ?! accuse I !? penny my husband 's a lawyer and my father 's Christopher chenery . and I be not missy anything . get you thing and get off my farm . carl hatton I have a contract ! I / ' 11 sue you . penny if I ever even hear you name again I 'il see you go to prison . outside , miss Ham and Eddie be go crazy in silent jubilation ! Carl hatton stalk by they , bett red , beat . miss Ham and Eddie be stunne ; as penny appear they try to look casual . penny seem distant , as if surprised at what she just do . but she 's focus too , act on instinct . penny miss Ham , I would better look at the farm 's business calendar and anything else you think I need to see . Eddie , Mr. hatton will not be training we horse anymore , so please keep they healthy till we figure out what to do . eddie yes mar ’am . penny walk to the house . page 18 of 113 18 . int . MAIN house at '' the meadow '' - office -— day penny sit at she father 's desk , look out the window . miss Ham place a stack of book in front of she . Eddie appear , hat in hand . eddie miz chenery ?... penny yes , Eddie ? eddie I be a good groom , mar ’am - — penny the best , I hear . eddie I be good . I know the horse , I can feel ‘em through the brush the way a jockey feel ‘em through the rein . but I be not a trainer . I do not know how hard to run ‘em or how long to rest ’em . Mr. hatton , he 's be say all this horse would be sell . and if you want to fetch a good price they need to be fit to run . you need a real trainer . penny thank you , Eddie . Eddie leave ; penny look at miss Ham . penny where do bull hancock eat lunch ? int . arlington club - day penny 's high heel click - clack up the marble step toward the reception desk , where a stodgy receptionist be on the phone . receptionist Arlington Club , may I help you ? ».- yes sir , I x11 put you through . ( to penny ) how can I help you ? penny good afternoon , I be tell bull hanceck might be here . page 19 of 113 iturn my screenplay inte a mp3 and it 's duaking dooney ) = thar 's the facr , sack 19 . receptionist could be . would you like to leave a message for he ? penny I would like to see he , please . receptionist you be not from around here , be you , sweetheart ? penny I be sorry ? receptionist this be a gentleman 's club . would you like to leave a message ? penny stare at the woman , who look back at she like a queen at a peasant . then , suddenly , penny walk past she . int . arlington club -— MAIN dine room — continuous penny walk purposefully , look for bull ; some of the other man recognize she and begin to whisper ; it 's a tight circle and they have already hear about Carl hatton . bull see penny and stand to welcome she , as the receptionist catch up . receptionist I be sorry , she just - — — penny would you please tell Mr. hancock that penny tweedy would like a word with he ? bull wave the receptionist away and pull out a chair for penny . penny forgive I for disturbing you . bull on the contrary , it 's my pleasure . a waiter pour a tumbler of the best bourbon money can buy . penny I just fire Carl hatton . bull do tell . so do that mean you be sell the horse , or keepin’ ’em ? page 20 of 113 20 . penny the farm 's in bad shape , like my father be . but I be not gonna sell it for less than it 's worth . bull a horse farm need a strong hand on the rein . the hand that throw Carl hatton out the door look pretty strong to I . penny my life 's back in Denver . I need a good trainer , just to get thing stabilize . bull hancock ( write on he napkin ) talk to lucien laurin . he 's up in New York right now . french canadian trainer . fat white guy , dress like superfly . he 's sort of retire . penny what do you mean he 's sort of retire ? int . new york racing park — betting window - day lucien laurin , 50 's , with a taste for garish clothes and especially for fedora hat , stand at a pay phone beside the betting window and call to the teller ... lucien Three on the top with 1 , 4 , 6 and 8 on the bottom . I '’11 take the same on a trifecta three and one . as the teller hand he the ticket , lucien say into the phone -- lucien okay , what ? split screen , with penny in her office - day penny Mr. laurin , if you could just hear I out for a few minute - — - page 21 of 113 the 21 . lucien Mrs. tweedy , I be flatter bull tell ya to call , but I be tired of baby -sitting half - ton animal that be stubborn or stupid . or both . penny I understand that , sir , but I be in a bit of a tight spot . could you try it for a few month to see how thing go ? lucien trainer go where they can find a good horse , not to pick up a few month work . penny we have get plenty of good horse . lucien no you do not . you have get one or two that might be worth the time . and please do not take this wrong , but you be a little short on people who know what they be do . penny that 's why I be talk to you . lucien Lady , you be not hearing I . a trainer get rich off commission -- 10 percent off winner , 10 on sale . to get a top trainer you need a top horse . go back to bull and see if he 's get any other idea . penny but Mr. laurin - - two of my mare be pregnant by bold ruler and he 's the best stallion in the whole -- " call to Post '' sound behind he . lucien sorry , I gotta go . he hang up . and penny , in she father 's office , look up to see hollis storming in , wear golf clothes . hollis you fire we trainer ?! page 22 of 113 22 . penny hollis . you do not fly home ? hollis I stay for a meeting and it 's a good thing I do ! we need a trainer in place ! how could you fire he ? penny he be worse than incompetent . he be dishonest . he have to go . hollis try to rub away a headache - - and reality . penny be lecture and he 's ext . new as horse hollis I do not know any more about horse than you do ! but I know we need a trainer to keep the horse fit enough to unload they . penny I be work on it , hollis . I have get a line on one , recommend by bull hancock . hollis well ... at least bull hancock know what he 's do and we father trust he . the estate tax will kill we , penny - - do you realize that ? when dad die , we be out of time and it 's a fire sale . silent , try not to show she anger in be on what she already know . hollis look , I know this be a strain for you , be away from home . just find a nurse for dad and you can get back to Jack and the kid . I gotta go . eff again , leave penny with the whole mess . york racing park - by the track - day race past the finish line , lucien watch in defeat and tear up the last of he worthless betting ticket for the day . he 's at bottom , with nowhere to go . page 23 of 113 23 . ext . new york racing park — parking lot — day lucien own a old cadillac , from the day when he train winner . he open the trunk , and find a stack of breeding book there ; he find a book and open it to bold ruler . he track down to two entry , hasty matelda and somethingroyal , mare at the meadow , owner : Christopher chenery . int . the meadow - CHRIS chenery 's bedroom -— night penny move to the door and watch she father sleep , peacefully . int . the meadow - penny 's room - night she 's leaf through the mail when a formal envelope catch she eye ; it bear the return address of Ogden phipp . she pull it cut and look at it for a beat . int . MAIN house at '' the meadow '' - office -— night penny set down three of she father 's handwritten journal . the top one be title : hasty matelda . she open it , and the second one : something Royal . then she open the third book , bold ruler , and place they so that she can compare all three together . and she begin to study , absorb everything . close on a steaming cup of coffee . penny draw a line from one generation to the next , now scribbling note . int . tweedy home - denver , colorado - night Jack be on the phone with penny--split screen at the meadow office . in Denver , Chris and John be clean the plate from the dinner table ; the house be noisy and chaotic ; penny , in she quiet office , savor the distant sound of home . penny so how 's kate 's play ? jack ocover receiver ) kate ! want to talk with you Mom ? kate ( 0.s. ) I be on the other line with trent ! jack she 's on the other line with somebody . page 24 of 113 24 . penny probably trent . jack who 's trent ? penny her new boyfriend . jack she have a boyfriend ? when be you come back ? penny soon . I just want to tell you about the coin toss ! the kid be play behind he , yell . jack what ?! kid , quiet ! coin toss ? penny stallion cost more than mare , they be more glamorous , but since a great horse come from the mare as much as the stallion , daddy invest in mare . that 's the first smart thing he do . the second be , he make a deal with Ogden phipp . jack phipp . richest man in America ? penny instead of pay a stud fee , daddy make a deal to breed phipp 's best stallion to we best two mare . when the mare be near term they flip a coin to choose who get which foal . the coin flip 's in two week . jack so what ? I do not have any idea which horse to choose . for only a moment it register with penny that Jack assume she want he to make a decision , rather than support hers . page 25 of 113 penny I have be into the breeding book . the sire , bold ruler , be fast but could not last over distance . the dam be hasty matelda and somethingroyal . hasty matelda have lot of speed , so she 's the obvious choice . but something Royal 's grandsire be princequillo . he have great stamina and -- jack penny ? penny ! penny -- what ? jack sire and dam and sam-i - be ? what be this ? he 's laugh at she . jack come on . we need you . you child need you . come home . there be a long , deflate silence . penny right after the coin toss . she hang up the phone . ext . arlington club - day establishing the Arlington Club , reek of wealth . int . arlington club - day 25 . the club be crowded with genteel horseman and club member . ogden phipp , ( 70 ) , the richest man in this or any other room , take a glass of champagne , then wait for penny to take one , serve she by the stodgy receptionist . fellow multi-millionaire listen in as ... ogden phipp please do not take offense to this , Mrs. tweedy , but you father never win we coin toss and I do hope you have inherite he luck . page 26 of 113 phipp 's 26 penny if I be in you shoe , mister phipp , I have hope the same thing . ogden phipp the President of the Racing League make the toss . it will be in five minute . he step away , leave penny alone . bull hancock see she and move over . he click he glass to hers . bull good luck . hollis arrive and move to penny . penny hollis ... back from New York ? hollis this be a big call , the foal could be worth a great deal . I check with some of phipp 's people , they think he want hasty matelda 's foal . so that 's who we will choose . penny I think that 's wrong , hollis . something Royal 's colt could have a unusual mix of speed and stamina . hollis do not be ridiculous . you think you know more than Ogden phipp 's people ? penny I be just say I have study the breeding book . have you ? hollis what would you do , Mr. hancock ? bull I have mind my own business . hollis I be ask you as my father 's best friend for you best opinion . bull the conventional wisdom be hasty matelda . page 27 of 113 27 . phipp ( call over ) we be ready ! int . arlington club - moment later close on the shiny coin in bull 's big hand . penny and Ogden stand across from each other , surround by rich onlooker . bull hancock mister phipp have the call . winner have the choice between the offspring of Mr. chenery 's mare hasty matelda or somethingroyal . be we in agreement ? phipp and penny nod . bull toss the coin . bull hancock call it in the air ! ogden phipp head ! »..and it hit the floor and settles on : head . penny 's eye close in disappointment . phipp smile , supremely confident . ogden phipp I 'il go with hasty matelda . phipp turn toward he cadre of supporter and they lift they glass to he . phipp miz chenery , you have you father 's luck . please give he my best . phipp move to celebrate with he entourage . hollis well , that 's that . penny but ... I get what I want ! hollis you get what nobody else want . time to go home . hollis leave . bull can I give you a lift home ? page 28 of 113 28 . penny I bring my car . bull I do not mean to take side . penny you do not , you tell the truth . bull move to congratulate phipp . penny , alone again , turn and wander toward the door , walk slowly , try to come to term with the fact that she feel so sure of something everyone else see another way . at the door penny collide with lucien laurin , rush in . lucien ' scuse I ! ... you miz chenery ? penny Mr. laurin ? lucien yeah , how have you know ? his clothes be strikingly tasteless . penny lucky guess . lucien my plane be late , who win the toss ? penny phipp . he take hasty matelda . lucien he do ? hmm. penny that surprise you ? lucien no . but I would 'a take somethingroyal . and in that moment , they partnership be bear . lucien when she drop she colt , call I . page 29 of 113 iturn my screenplay into a mp and I 's waning dowey ] = tuar 's the facr , sncK ! 29 . int . tweedy home , denver — day penny be clean up in the kitchen after dinner when the phone ring . Jack , read in the adjacent de , answer . jack tweedy residence . eddie 's voice miz chenery there ? jack penny . it 's for miz chenery . she move in and take the phone . penny {into phone ) this be penny . eddie the colt 's on its way . penny look up at Jack . int . " the meadow '' — MAIN barn — night something Royal be on she side , ready to deliver . Eddie be on he knee beside the mare . as be lucien . and penny . eddie Water break just past midnight . any minute now . everyone 's tense . penny rub a hand along the mare 's neck . penny doin 's fine , girl . doin 's fine . eddie okay , here we go . Mr. laurin , make sure - — lucien -- I have get it . penny soothes something Royal the whole time ... penny I have do this four time , girl . eddie she 's do it fourteen . page 30 of 113 30 . they wait , and in a rush ... the colt tumble onto the ground . Eddie and lucien be right there to help he . the colt be red , with three white sock and a staggered blaze on he face . Eddie laugh and shake he head . the colt stagger to its foot . lucien you ever see that before ? eddie not I . penny see what ? eddie colt stand up that fast . lucien mon dieu ... penny what ? what ? eddie that boy 's a whopper . they stare at the colt , a miracle of birth , and life ... we music rise ( we will have a grand secretariat theme ) into a montage of penny 's life and the colt 's growth , intertwined : -- the colt in a dew -soak field , suckling from somethingroyal , as penny watch ... -- penny at home in Denver , caring for she own child , feed they , help they with homework , silently cring as Jack ridicule kate 's hippie attire ; penny soothes kate by braid she hair and weaving in a flower ; kate love it . -- penny , back in Virginia , touch the grow mane of the grow colt , and he surprise penny and Eddie by nuzzling he head against penny 's chest . she smile , move ... -- penny in a airplane seat , go through ledger as she fly home ; dissolve through to penny at home , do dish , pick up she child 's clothes , laugh with they as they play after dinner and the girl talk on the phone ; penny do laundry ... then sit at she desk late into the night in she office at home . the montage end as Jack walk in , rumple and sleepless in he pajamas ; penny look up from she ledger and glance at the clock : it 's past midnight . page 31 of 113 31 . penny I be almost do . jack how long do you think you can live two life at once ? penny the colt be look good and the new trainer 's work hard ; we have cut expense ; we be break even . she feel good about this ; Jack do not . jack I think the point be to sell the farm , not to break even . she glance at a picture on the desk : she and Jack , young lover in college , happy , optimistic . beside it be a picture of the grow red colt . penny when I go off to college , I feel like ... that colt . full of promise and adventure . like I could make something work . now I want to see he run . I just want to see he run . Jack sigh , and without another word he leave she . now penny feel no hurry to get to bed . what neither she nor Jack know be that down the hallway , kate have be watch and hearing everything . kate close the door to she room ... switch on the light of she own desk , and start do she homework . penny , alone at she desk , look at the picture of the red colt . rising in the background : the sound of thundering hoove ... we smash into : ext . the meadow farm - training track — day close on the pound chestnut leg of the same colt , now two year old . we move up the sprinting animal ... and reveal what 's happen over the past couple of year with something Royal 's baby boy . the brilliant coppery colt roll straight toward we , right down the backstretch of the meadow 's old training track . page 32 of 113 32 . penny , miss Ham and lucien -- wear a new eyesore of a hat -- watch from the rail as he plow by . penny well , what do you think ? lucien he an eleven hundred pound of baby fat , that 's what I think . lazy , eat too much , do not have a clue how to run . any other question ? miss ham I have one . how much do you spend on that hat ? the colt and rider ( jimmy gaffney , a lanky , tough exercise rider in he early 30 's ) ride up toward the trio . lucien how 's he look , Jimmy ? jimmy gaffney he 's just a big ol 's kid havin 's fun out there . he will figure it out . npat the colt ) ai not that right , Red ? the horse toss he head . penny rub he nose , then watch he with affection as Jimmy walk he away . penny Red . I wish we could race he under that name . miss ham the jockey Club insist on unique name ; I keep send ’em and they keep rejecting ‘em . I have try something special , Royal line , deo volente ... lucien deo volente ? '' God willing " ? miss ham yeah . and God may have be willing but the jockey Club be not . i’1l keep go through the dictionary till something clear . lucien there 's a race in two week up at aqueduct . ( more ) page 33 of 113 33 . lucien ( cont would ) set up nice for he first time out ... not that I '' expect much . penny let 's enter he then . he jot down a note , before jabbing miss Ham one last time . lucien deo volente . miss ham mon dieu . ext . '' 's the meadow '' - MAIN barn — day Eddie sweat be wash down the big horse . penny walk up . penny hey Eddie . eddie ma ' be . she give the big horse a rub on he nose . he like it . penny lucien say he could not beat a fat man run down a hill . eddie well , he should know , mar ’am . penny smile ; then Eddie take the chance to share something he 's see , with a woman he admire . eddie he could be a fine one . right now he 's all sleep and eat . but he 's get fire inside he . and you see that ear ? there 's plenty in between ‘em . Red turn he head and snort , as if to say , '' darn right . '' penny I be head home for a few day . do I a favor though before I go ? ext . MAIN house at " the meadow '' — day Eddie and penny hold Red 's twin lead as they walk he up to - page 34 of 113 34 . Christopher chenery , sit in a chair outside of the main house ; a impeccable nurse be just tucking a flannel blanket over he leg as penny guide the big horse closer ... penny hey daddy , bring you some company . the dull expression on Christopher chenery 's face flicker just a bit . he may not remember much , but he know a good look horse when he see one . he struggle to stand , and succeed . penny take he hand as he use the other to reach for the horse and pet he nose . and then penny calmly explain , hope that a part of he will hear ... penny he 's 's the bold ruler colt , daddy . from something Royal . we call he Big Red . he 's a nice one , be not he ? a touch of a smile on Christopher 's face . ext . tweedy home - denver - day establishing of penny 's home in Denver . it 's early summer . int . tweedy home - denver - dine room - same close on the denver post newspaper that Jack 's read at the dining room table . headline : '' hanoi and vietcong ask renewal of Paris talk '' he fold it up as penny bring dinner in , a cocktail already near he table-setting . the entire family be there . jack tweedy well , it 's good you be home . you daughter have something they want to talk to you about . penny oh ? what 's that ? sarah kate and I be think of go to South America . just for a couple of month . page 35 of 113 penny South America . what for ? kate to teach English . it 's part of a peace mission . CHRIS a mission to protest the war be what they mean . jack tweedy thank you . kate that 's not why we be go . alright ? although , if a opportunity do present itself ... jack tweedy {to penny ) see ? this be what you be miss . we teenage daughter grow up to become hippie . he reach for he cocktail . sarah hippies be free spirit . jack tweedy hippies be walk garbage -- penny ».- alright , let 's just enjoy we dinner , okay ? quiet for a beat . penny ask the girl ... penny when do you need to let they know ? kate there 's a meeting for parent on the fifth , the day after my new play . sarah both of you can make it , right ? penny the new colt run he first race on the fourth . it 's in New York . i’1l catch the first flight back . page 36 of 113 35 36 . Jack be silent , disapprove . he barely show it . jack tweedy by the way , miss Ham call . something about a name for the horse . ext . aqueduct race track - day a small band blast out a JOHN philip sousa tune . title : aqueduct race track JULY 4th , 1972 aqueduct p-a announcer ( v.0 . ) ... round out the field for the second race ... knightly Dawn and secretariat . five and a half furlong ... ext . aqueduct race track - paddock area - same the sound of the band can still be hear as lucien ( wear a red , white and blue plaid hat ) , penny , miss Ham and a young jockey , paul feliciano , 18 , talk before the race . the big red horse ( not wear any head - gear ) stand in they midst ; nervous , fidgety . Eddie work to keep he calm while lucien spill all he worry onto the jockey . lucien alright , it 's a short race , so watch for the number six , he 's get the speed . number three 's 1ll hold back , but five and eight might do the same . and keep a eye on number one , he might be the best horse in the field . penny be there any horse he do not have to worry about ? lucien do I say number two ? feliciano we be number two . lucien right. ( beat ) watch out for number two . page 37 of 113 37 . a distant trumpet blast out the call to post . the jockey nod to penny and mount secretariat . as he 's lead away -- penny we jockey 's mighty young . lucien he 's not my first choice , but he 's good , he 'il do . miss Ham stare at lucien for a beat . lucien what ? you do not like my hat ? ( leck to penny ) do you like my hat ? for a moment , penny be a deer in headlight , desperate not to embarrass lucien , she can not look away from the hat and can not escape the moment ; she turn red , then burst out laugh . penny I be sorry , lucien , I -- but I do like the hat , I actually ... ( choke laughter ) I actually do , I - laugh , she hug lucien ; then she turn reflective . miss ham what 's wrong ? penny nothing , it 's just that ... that 's the first time I have laugh , really laugh , since ... since I do not remember when . penny walk toward the grandstand . lucien watch she go . lucien she scare I . miss Ham give he a steely look . miss ham good . she head off to join penny . lucien , baffle , follow . ext . aqueduct race track —- rail on the stretch - day a young sportswriter , bill nack ( early 30' ) , study the racing form as he lean against the rail . page 38 of 113 38 . andy beyer {late 20 's , racing analysis whiz kid from New York ) settles in on the rail next to he . beyer so what be you thinkin’ , nack ? nack you be the best handicapper I know , Andy . you tell I . beyer lotta horse that have not run a race yet . I be curious about this bold ruler colt -- secretariat . ext . aqueduct - rail near the finish line - day penny , lucien and miss Ham stand by the rail to watch as ... at the starting gate , the last horse be load in . the young jockey , feliciano , try to calm the big horse . feliciano settle down , boy ... all around : the gate crew member be shouting ... gate crew hold still ! everybody set ? ».- alright , we be good ! we play the detail and the building tension of the moment : the Big Red horse 's twitching muscle , he wild eye , he big hoof , flaring nostril ... .».. and penny , hand on the railing in front of she , the human equivalent of the horse ; at that moment utterly alone . the start gate burst open , the bell scream : and in the very first second , secretariat 's maiden race goe to hell in a handbasket . quebec , the horse just to the right of secretariat , emerge from the gate - and in a panic - veer directly into Big Red 's shoulder ... .-- knock he off balance and straight into the horse to he leave . almost drop he to the ground . penny look as if someone drive a icepick into she spine . page 39 of 113 39 . feliciano jerk back on secretariat , pull he out of harm 's way ... and into last place as they roll past penny , miss Ham and lucien ( grow angry already ) on the rail . the horse settle into a rhythm as they approach the turn , all except for secretariat ... .».- who turn too sharply and nudge a gray roan name rove just to he leave ... rove jockey back he off , kid ! feliciano ease Red to the right , but he 's reacting too much to every command ; like a car that 's over-steer . feliciano eassssy boy . on the rail : penny , lucien and miss Ham watch ... nack and beyer do the same . nack horse be all over the place . ext . aqueduct race track - day the horse head into the stretch ... and suddenly secretariat find himself jamme in on the rail with nothing but horse all around he . nowhere to run . a tight open emerge directly on the rail and feliciano chirp to he horse ... .».. and Red instantly begin to pick up speed . he knock off one horse , then another , and another ... but the big horse be too far back . secretariat hit the finish line . fourth . aqueduct p-a announcer ( v.0 . ) result from the second race , still unofficial : herbull , finish first , follow by master achiever , fleet n’royal , and secretariat . lucien angrily thump the rail with he fold - up form and storm away . penny stand alone at the rail , deflate . page 40 of 113 40 . ext . aqueduct race track - dismount area — moment later feliciano hop off secretariat , hand the horse to Eddie . a hopping - mad lucien approach , crumpling up a piece of paper and toss it to the ground as he do so . penny 's right with he , while miss Ham be a couple of step behind ... lucien ( cussing in french , and then : ) you sure as hell mess that up ! feliciano he get hit come right out -- lucien do not even try kid , you be off he ! feliciano what ?! lucien I say you be do with he ! penny try to step in ... penny lucien , stop . we need to talk about this ... lucien stay out of this ! this be none of you business ! penny go on , Paul . .»-- and feliciano walk away . lucien , so piss he forget for a second what language he 's speak ( a recur problem for he ) , glare in feliciano 's direction ... lucien ».- l'enfant not savait pas ce qu 'il faisait , le cheval n'aurait jamais dai perdre ... penny Excuse I ? lucien that horse should never have lose that race ! . -- and he storm off . Eddie gently pull Red away as penny , angry as well , stare after lucien . page 41 of 113 4l . miss Ham approach with the piece of paper lucien have toss on the ground . miss ham well this explain a couple thing . int . aqueduct race track - stable - a few minute later lucien lean against the stall , run the race through he mind . penny walk up and hand he the lose ticket . penny lot of money to bet on a fat , lazy horse . must see something in he . ( beat ) be it really Paul 's fault ? lucien probably not . ( beat ) this horse need a jock with a lot more experience though . I want to go with ronnie turcotte . I would have put he up today , but he have another ride . penny I want to meet with he , when I be back in a couple week . but call he now , let 's make the change . one more thing . I be still new to all this ... and you know a lot more about it than I do . but do not ever say this be none of my business . every bit of this be my business . you understand ? lucien yes mar ’am . I x11 call he tomorrow . miss Ham come up . miss ham I just call to confirm you flight out . they have cancel it due to weather . penny wince ; kate 's play be tonight . page 42 of 113 42 . int . jockey 's room - new york race track -— day ronnie turcotte , 30ish , a tough - as-nail canadian jockey , be prepping for he next race , like a football player readying for kickoff . a jockey' attendant answer a ringing phone ... jockey 's attendant yeah . hang on . ( yell to ... ) turcotte ! you get a call from lucien laurin ! ronnie tell he my race be in ten minute , I x11 call he back ! ».- he grab he helmet and whip ... ext . new york race track — day .».. and he 's on top of a horse name overproof as the tightly pack field head down the backstretch . everything be a bit more drab , non-descript : turcotte 's clothing , the horse 's silk , etc . and we get a first -hand look - much as we do in Red 's race at aqueduct - of the hand - to-hand combat that exist in the trenches of thoroughbre horse-race . bang . jostle . dirt everywhere . turcotte reach up with he hand and quickly flip up one of the five sets of goggle lense that protect he eye from the dirt . he still can not see much . the horse enter the homestretch , overproof box in on the rail . turcotte give he the whip ... overproof respond , surging forward , eye wide , nostril flare ... then it happen in a instant . overproof lurch to he right and collapse , slamm ronnie to the ground with he and a heartbeat later every horse that be behind they be thunder by , one of they step on turcotte . a few minute later , track medic be load turcotte into a ambulance . he 's badly bang up . a couple of jockey and the attendant be there to see if turcotte 's still alive . turcotte my horse ?... jockey attendant vet say he heart burst . Dead before he hit the ground . page 43 of 113 43. turcotte ( beat ) tell lucien I can ride in a week . int . penny 's HOTEL room —- night she 's by herself , a room -service dinner barely touch beside she . she dial a number ... intercut with a ringing pay phone , inside a High School auditorium in Denver . Student - make poster announce : '' peace on Earth ? a counter - Culture pageant . '' the phone ring only once before young Chris tweedy pick it up and answer — — CHRIS tweedy Mom ? penny be she on ? CHRIS tweedy you just make it ! he stretch the phone toward the auditorium entrance , where Sarah and John be hold the decor open ; kate be on stage , dress as a vietamese soldier , sing -- kate Silent night ... Holy night ... she 's sing at the top of she lung , project to the phone , as she classmate , dress as airplane , hurl plastic bomb at she . penny listen from far away , rapt , both laugh and cry at the same time . Chris whisper to she , into the receiver -- CHRIS tweedy dad say it 's commie crap ! penny it 's art , honey . it 's art . and as penny , alone in she hotel room , listen to she daughter sing , so far away , a tear slide down she cheek . int . manhattan HOTEL lobby - cafe - night a quiet , reserve hotel cafe . penny sip from a cup of coffee as she look across the table toward turcotte , still bang up , rib wrap , hand bandage . page 44 of 113 44 . penny lucien and I be hope you might be ready for we next race , but -- ronnie I will be ready , why would not I be ? penny like this answer . penny I talk to a few owner . they say you be one of the best , get a great touch , great with young horse . they also say you 's 1ll put a horse into traffic , get he catch where he can not run . or drive he too hard . ronnie lucien dit c’vrais . lucien tell the truth . penny what have he say ? ronnie that you be hard as nail . miz chenery , I risk my life every time I climb on a horse . I be not afraid , neither be they ; I want to win just like they do . my last horse want to win so much he heart burst . it 's who they be . it 's who I be . you want somebody else , get somebody else . penny I do not want somebody else . ext . saratoga - day the splendor of Saratoga in upstate New York . the old seat be fill with owner and patron whose family have be there for generation . we superimpose : saratoga , JULY , 1972 page 45 of 113 45 . ext . saratoga — day penny and miss Ham arrive in the owner 's area of the grandstand , and find themselves next to a trio of owner , former frat boy drunk since college twenty year ago . penny exhales , nervous . the nearest of the owner say , too loudly .. owner # 1 so which of you lady own Secretary ? his buddy laugh . penny his name 's secretariat . and he 's gonna make you horse take dictation . owner # 2 you do not know which horse we own ! penny do not matter . he 's gonna beat ‘em all . lucien enter and stand next to miss Ham , so tense he can barely breathe . she look at he clothes , mortify . ext . saratoga -— track -— day the start gate tremble in anticipation ; the bell ring ... and secretariat , now wear blinker , blast out ... the Saratoga crowd - the bleacher pack - cheer in unison as the horse blister down the track . but Big Red settles toward the back of the pack once more . penny , miss ham and lucien watch from the stand , already lose hope . they watch the horse move into the back stretch . saratoga announcer ( v.o. ) ».. the quarter mile time , a brisk 23 and four tenth . turcotte be content to let Red roll along in last place , dirt and mud splattering he white silk . in the stand , penny watch as Big Red fail to challenge once more ; she 's worried he will never make a move . page 46 of 113 46 . turcotte guide he along , the horse ease toward the rail as they plow down the backstretch . they be all bunched in ... no place for Red to move ... penny Red do not have anywhere to go ! I think turcotte be aggressive ! lucien make you move , ronnie ! make you move ! .-- and as they pass the half - mile mark , ronnie - surveying everything in front of he - notice a tiny gap widen between a pair of horse just in front of he . ronnie okay , Red ... go get they . ronnie chirp , and there be a sudden surge as Red 's shoulder begin to pump and he bull he way through the gap , knock the two horse aside with ease . lucien that 's it ! quickly , ome by one , secretariat overtake the field , while a steady roar grow from the stand . penny come on Red ! and secretariat be absolutely roll ; a breathtaking surge . saratoga announcer ( v.o. ) ».- secretariat surging past Court ruling and now blackthorn ! the assault on the frontrunner be shockingly fast ; he blow by the other horse like they be nag . saratoga announcer ( v.0 . ) secretariat pull away ! the big horse pound toward the finish line , crossing it two length in front of the challenger ... saratoga announcer ( v.o0 . ) secretariat with a impressive win ! and as lucien and miss Ham applaud , penny glance at the other owner ; they toast she , and she smile . page 47 of 113 47 . ext . saratoga - winner 's circle - a few minute later and now the winner 's photograph be be take : penny and the entire team ( lucien , ronnie , miss Ham , Eddie ) surround the victorious horse as the flashbulb pop . from penny 's pov , it 's all harsh light and noise . lucien be happy ; he notice ronnie 's silk be cover in dirt . lucien you look like you finish last ! ronnie I be there long enough ! secretariat , full of pride and the fire of victory , be actually turn he head toward each photographer . nack and beyer be among the reporter . beyer be it just I , or be that horse pose ? nack what be you talk about ? horse do not -- he stop scribbling as he see : snap. pose . snap. pose . nack love it , and start scribbling again , furiously . nack ( mumble as he write ) '' ... the owner hate attention ; the horse love it ... '' and then secretariat do something even more surprising : this dominate beast of a racehorse , fresh from humiliate a herd of hot-bloode rival , turn he huge , filthy head and place it like a baby against penny 's chest . she cradle he with exquisite tenderness ; the photographer go crazy . penny close she eye , shutting they out . but as the reporter leave and the groom lead secretariat away , penny and she group watch with surging excitement . lucien he knock that other horse out of the way like they be sparrow ! I never see a two - year - old do that ! penny you see the way he strut ? he lock at the competition like , " be this all you have get ? '' page 48 of 113 42 . miss ham I think he walk like ... like a woman with big boob ! they all gawk at she ... howl with laughter . we launch into -- montage of victory : secretariat blast past one finish line after another ( always start dead last ) , and penny 's back in the winner 's circle , receive a different set of flower every time ; and each time secretariat pose , then nuzzle penny and ruin another new dress . ronnie 's white silk be cover in mud after every victory . track announcer secretariat win by five length ! ... secretariat by three length ! '' secretariat by seven ! ... secretariat win ! ».- secretariat ! we smash out from the string of win as ... ext . belmont park - stable - late afternoon penny walk alongside secretariat , hold one of the lead along with Eddie , as the horse head back to the barn . beyer and nack walk with she ; she 's stiff , struggle to be natural with two of the best reporter in all of racing . beyer Seven win in four month . there 's talk he could be horse of the Year . penny well ... he 's ... do everything we have ask of he . beyer but the son of bold ruler have all fade as 3 - year-old . and the triple Crown race be much longer . penny smile , volunteering nothing . beyer I mean , it 's extremely rare for a 2 - year - old to be consider for horse of the Year , but they be still big kid at that age , they have not prove they full potential . penny that 's true . page 49 of 113 iturn my screenplay inte a mp3 and it 's duaking dooney ) = thar 's the facr , sack 4s . nack what have you learn about the horse ? it 's easier for she to talk about the horse ; she soften . penny ++- he love to run . like to come from behind -- nerve wrack for I , but he fan love it . and ... he 's a ham . you have see he show off . nack you really think he know what he 's do ? secretariat look directly at he ; it 's spooky . nack do not look at I -- beyer 's the one who say you can not run distance . they laugh , but beyer press the point to penny . beyer you do acknowledge the issue , right ? that speed and endurance do not go togeth -- a splattering sound , like a hose squirting on concrete , interrupt ; beyer look at he shoe , then at the horse . beyer no way ... nack laugh and start scribbling again , loving this . int . burger joint - night celebration time . penny , lucien and ronnie be wrapping up a dinner of cheeseburger . penny lift she coke in the air . penny to secretariat . horse of the Year ! ronnie and to Red 's owner , who take on the old boy . lucien you be gonna have to take ‘em on harder next year , you know that , right ? page 50 of 113 50 . penny the race be longer . lucien much longer . penny the horse be faster . lucien much faster . and every owner , every trainer out there will be try to bring we down . penny look toward turcotte . ronnie I 'il be ready . a waitress come by and drop off the check to penny . lucien and ronnie make a half - heart effort to reach for they wallet . lucien here , let I help out with -- penny sit down . she head for the register , then see miss Ham enter . miss ham it 's you father , honey . he 's have a stroke . i’11l get lucien and ronnie . int . hospital room — night penny be alone at she father 's bedside . he 's comatose , monitor beep , a ventilator softly suck . penny kneel beside he ; maybe she 's praying , or maybe the weight of life have bent she over . she lift she head , look at she father , stroke he limp gray hair . penny I do not think we nve leave much unsaid , daddy . I always know where you stand . and I be grateful for the way you show I what it be to stand up in the world and live the way you believe . page 51 of 113 51 . tear choke she for a moment , but penny chenery will not let tear stop she . penny the big red colt win horse of the Year , daddy . I think he can go all the way . if he do , I hope you can see it . she kiss he head , and then realize the heart monitor have cease to beep . penny lower she head beside she father 's , and weep . int . the meadow - office - night penny be sit alone at she father 's desk , try to collect she strength ; she look up to see Jack enter . then hollis walk in just behind he ; penny stand and hug they both . miss Ham have be at she desk , weep with she own grief ; she move to the door between she office and penny 's , close it so they all can have privacy . penny I have not have a chance to call . how have you get here so fast ? jack I be already on my way . penny be -- be the child all right ? jack yes , sure , they be great . or as great as they can be , without they mother around . he quickly soften he word , as if this be all about take care of penny and the child . jack this be a terrible time , penny ... and we be all here for you . I just hope you will come home now . penny look from Jack to hollis to Jack . penny and you be already come here to tell I that -- before you hear about daddy . page 52 of 113 52 jack we child need a full - time mother . and I want a full - time wife . when you horse people call the house , they do not ask for Mrs. tweedy , they ask for miz chenery . be that who you have become ? penny so you two have team up ? hollis it 's family business . and last time I check Jack and you child be still part of the family . penny hollis , you be my brother and I love you . but if you presume to judge my fitness as a wife or mother I x11 count you a stranger for the rest of my life . jack penny ! hollis be only try to talk sense . penny sense ?! my father just die and you want to talk sense ? jack you anger be exactly why we need this ... intervention . hollis we be in a crisis , penny ! what better time be there to talk sense ? the word make penny 's eye flame . Jack try to sound reasonable . jack hollis ask I to study the tax issue that would arise immediately upon you father 's death , and now they have hit we . at the current value of he estate , the inheritance tax will be at least six million . page 53 of 113 53 hollis six million dollar , penny . and neither of we have a fraction of that money . penny so we sell the mare and yearling . hollis I have a appraisal do , and that will not get we close to what we need . ..- but there be another option . penny I be not sell he . hollis look at Jack for help . jack due to he outstanding two year old season , if he be sell today , secretariat would bring a price of seven million dollar . enough to cover the tax bill by himself . ( beat ) now I be assume the plan be to run he in the triple Crown race . but if he be to lose just one of that three race he value would drop to two million . with no way to recover it . hollis so we sell the horse . we will talk about the farm later . penny hollis , you try to sell that horse -- hollis you just hear how much money we need ! jack please , let 's settle down ... hollis look , we all respect what you do , but we be out of time ! Business have not be great for I lately . the farm and the horse , they be we father 's legacy . we play this wrong it could amount to nothing ! ( more ) page 54 of 113 54 hollis ( cont would ) it 's time we get smart . put the money into some good safe stock . penny we father come from nothing . you know the story -- he best Christmas be when he get a tangerine . he make every penny himself . and he legacy to I be not money , it 's the will to win if you can and live with it if you do not ! and TI will not dishonor he or myself by quit now ! hollis if I have to challenge you in court , I will . and my lawyer tell I I be likely to prevail . Jack can not look penny in the eye . she move to the door . penny miss Ham ! would you step in here a moment , please ? miss Ham enter , with a clear sense of the situation . penny please tell hollis and Jack about the provision daddy leave you . miss ham last year Mr. chenery have I witness he signing a provision that while both of you be beneficiary , dispersal of the farm would be leave to hollis . decision regard the horse would be leave to penny . hollis last year he already have dementia ! miss ham he be of sound mind when he sign it . I have swear to it . in court . penny thank you , miss Ham . miss Ham , with the hint of a sad but steely smile , leave they alone . hollis be beat , for now . page 55 of 113 he leave . 55 . hollis well penny ... you better find six million dollar before you race he again . and if he lose one of that race ? you will not see a cent . none of we will . penny then I x11 live with it . hollis why ?! why do you need to ?! for a past that no longer exist ? we father be a great man , but we can not bring he back ! penny no , we can not . and this be not about go back , it 's about life be ahead of you . and you run at it like a racehorse , as fast and as far as you can , because you never know how much life be there , unless you run . hollis okay , penny . Fair enough . but if you stumble and fall , you do not just make we fool , you make we beggar . now only Jack and penny remain , in hard silence penny I always think miz chenery and Mrs. tweedy be the same person . now miz chenery wonder why Mr. tweedy believe he have to join my brother in a intervention . Jack walk out , leave penny alone again . int . '' the meadow '' — MAIN barn - night Eddie walk Red out of he open stall and approach penny , who need to see the big horse for a few minute . penny thanks , Eddie . how we doin’ tonight , Red ? page 56 of 113 56 . he 's the only one she can talk to right now . she rub he nose , and the horse dip he head to she as if he understand she grief , and that she have bet everything , place all she hope , on he . ( note : we will sometimes use Pov 's of the horse , to see the world and experience the story from he eye . ) Eddie stand back , watch they both . eddie reckon you hear about bull hancock , ma’ be ? penny what about he ? eddie come home from you father 's funeral , and fall dead . another dagger into penny 's soul ; she do not know how much more she can take . both Eddie and Red seem to sense this . eddie I can not speak for the way of God , ma‘am ... but you daddy and Mr. bull , they lift each other up . the way you lift I up . and lift Red up . everything live life from its heart . I wish I could give you something that would lift yours up . penny you just do , Eddie . thank you . he leave she alone : just penny and Big Red . she look at he ; he lock back . his eye be huge and bottomless , like window into eternity . and there 's no way in the world she 's go to give up on he , or on herself . ext . '' the meadow '' - training track - morning penny and Seth walk , both hold steaming cup of coffee in the early morning chill . manhood have come early for Seth hancock ; he 's only 21 , a tough time to lose a father . seth thank you for call , miz chenery . and for come to the funeral . my father admire you tremendously . page 57 of 113 penny it be mutual . ... I have a proposition for you , Seth . I want to sell secretariat 's breeding rights . seth when he 's do with racing , and I have get a little more experience -- penny before he retire . I want to syndicate he breeding rights now . seth all due respect , mar ’am , but it do not work that way . penny it 's never be do , but that do not mean it can not work . we offer 32 shareholder exclusive breeding rights . we call it '' a select opportunity . '' seth hancock my father would have love that phrase . how much per ? penny two-hundred - thousand . seth hancock two -- that 's more than anybody 's ever pay for a breeding share . a lot more . penny that make it exciting , Seth . and horse racing 's all about excitement . she stop and lean against the fence . give he time . seth hancock he 's be a great colt but he 's completely untried as a three - year - old , and the son of bold ruler have never show stamina . penny and that 's exactly what Ogden phipp think when he could have choose my colt . ( more ) page 58 of 113 58 . penny ( cont would ) now I have get secretariat . and he 's get a horse name miss opportunity . seth hancock this people be smart with they money , they 's 1ll insist on a performance clause , and no son of bold ruler have ever win a single triple Crown race . we be talk a mile and a half , distance secretariat have not come close to run . he lose , you 's 1ll lose the money , the farm , the horse , everything . penny surprise he : she look right at he , and smile . seth hancock this be a big deal . I have never attempt anything like it . nobody have . you mind if I ask why you call I ? penny you father help I . and work be good for grief . seth hancock you know , I tell you he admire you ; it be more than that . he tell I he wish he be more like you . I think what he mean be , he want I to be like you . I be in . they shake hand . int . MAIN house at '' the meadow " -— office — day a vapid-fire sequence as miss Ham press the '' hold '' button on a five - line phone . two other phone have be set up on the desk : one for penny , one for Seth . miss ham I have get Howard Keck on line one , bunker hunt on line two . lady and gentleman , start you engine . close as they push the button on each phone . penny , stand , cradle the receiver to she ear ... penny mister hunt , this be penny chenery . page 59 of 113 59 . ext . '' the meadow '' — MAIN barn - same Eddie groom Big Red , impressive in the morning sun ... seth hancock ( v.0 . ) mister Keck ? Seth hancock . I be call about a select opportunity on secretariat . -- no sir , he 's not for sale . int . MAIN house at '' the meadow '' - office - continuous seth hancock well sir , we be move to syndicate he breeding rights . ( beat ) yes sir , right now . before he retire . ... yes sir , I know that . ext . '' the meadow '' - grazing area - day secretariat graze in the pasture , beautiful , magnificent . penny ( v.o. ) yes , Mrs. Dupont , it be a lot of money , but I would not be call if I do not think he be worth it . ( beat ) thirty two share . a select opportunity . int . MAIN house at '' the meadow '' — office - same penny I understand . if you change you mind , I have be happy to talk again . int . old money office - day we crawl across a ornate old desk to find JOHN W. galbreath , a old kentucky gentleman who have not worried about pay a bill in he entire life . galbreath ( on phone ) Seth , I be part 'a lotsa deal but I be not never be ask to pay 200 grand for a breedin’ share . nobody have . tell Mr. chenery 's little girl she 's pricin’ this colt like he already win the triple Crown . page 60 of 113 60 . ext . '' the meadow '' — MAIN barn — day Eddie squeeze a rub sponge ( fill with hot water ) on Red 's shoulder blade . steam rise to the sky . penny ( v.0 . ) Mr. Benjamin , you be there in Saratoga , you see how good he look . int . MAIN house at '' the meadow '' - office -— continuous penny all due respect , sir , but if he get any better , you 's 1ll want to be in on this . int . arlington club - same e.v. benjamin take a sip from a tumbler ... e.v. benjamin all due respect , little lady , but I have get a pretty good handle on where I want to be . int . MAIN house at '' the meadow '' -— office — day seth hancock yes Mr. kleberg , it 's lotsa money . but my father use to tell I you gotta spend money to make it . ROBERT kleburg I will give it some think , alright ? seth hancock thank you , sir . you know where to reach I . on miss ham : miss ham jock whitney call . he 's ano . Paul Mellon 's on line three . int . MAIN house at '' the meadow 's - office - day penny , phone to she ear , glance at the sheet of paper that hold the tally . page 61 of 113 61 . the '' yes '' column do not have a single mark in it yet . the " no '' and '' maybe '' column be fill up . penny well sir , I will hold a share for you in case you reconsider . thank you for call I back . penny exchange a glance with Seth and miss Ham . no luck . ext . MAIN house — front porch — night penny sit on the step , discourage . miss Ham come out and sit down next to she . miss ham so how many time be you call little lady today ? a tired smile from penny . penny they want to do it , I can feel it . but it 's outside what they be use to , and they be afraid . miss ham so I have be think . maybe all we need to do be find one man willing to do this , somebody the other would feel safe in follow . a big , big name . penny look at miss Ham . int . shabby old breakfast diner - day Ogden phipp be stare across the booth table at penny , like two gunslinger play poker , ready for a shoot - out . ogden phipp you be ask I to spend 200 grand for a share in a horse that should be in my barn right now . penny that 's right , Mr. phipp , I be . ogden phipp no one 's buy yet , be they . ».. as the waitress walk up . page 62 of 113 463 62 . waitress you two ready to order ? ogden phipp ( stare at penny ) we be still think about it . the waitress pour more coffee before she head off . ogden phipp you know that horse , the day we flip that coin ? she 's the nicest , best - tempere horse I have ever own . can not run a lick . now you have get the horse of the Year , and I look foolish . penny it 's not foolish to be unlucky . ogden phipp Mrs. tweedy , I do not buy share in untest three - year-old . but ... I know you be in a rough spot . I x11 buy he right now . Seven million dollar . all cash . penny be not expect this . penny I can not do that , sir . I be here to offer you a share in you horse 's finest son . most man , if they have choose wrong and lose this horse , would not even think of invest in he again , but you be bigger than that . and you know that if he do what I think he will do , he value will double , if not triple . and instead of be the man who lose secretariat in the past , you will be the one who have the vision to lead investor in he future . ogden phipp you do know what you be say . you be guarantee that this horse will win the triple Crown . the derby , the preakness and the belmont . Three race , three state , in just five week . have not be do in twenty five year . ( more ) page 63 of 113 63. ogden phipp ( cont would ) lot of good horseman think it can not be do anymore . just understand , that be what you be say . penny yes sir . that 's exactly what I be say . ogden phipp eight million . penny no sir . ogden phipp you ’‘re that stubborn ? penny I be that right . the waitress walk up again . waitress you folk need some more time ? ogden phipp I think we be ready . int . kitchen - hollis 's place — morning hollis , deck out in he morning bathrobe , pour coffee and open the morning paper ; a headline catch he eye : record breeding deal for secretariat nab six million ogden phipp lead way int . MAIN house at '' the meadow '' - office - day penny , Seth and miss Ham be celebrate ; Seth 's read from a newspaper . seth '' the record set deal mean secretariat be now literally worth three time he weight in gold , and create expectation for horse and owner unrivale since Citation 's triple Crown run in 1948 . '' page 64 of 113 64 . penny please tell I that 's a small , local paper . Seth hand she the paper ; it 's the new york time . penny so now we have to deliver . lucien enter , in a hurry , turn on the television set . lucien you gotta see this . on the television be a Sports report , with footage of a brilliant black horse in the winner 's Circle of the Santa anita derby . tv announcer ( v.0 . ) ... and while secretariat be draw attention on the east coast , a similar story be unfold out west . sham , unbeaten since last year , be a easy winner in teday 's Santa anita derby , set a new track record . trainer pancho Martin ... on the set come pancho martin ( 45 ) , a charismatic Cuban . pancho martin all this talk about secretariat , he have never face a horse as good as sham . my horse be stronger , my horse be faster , and we will not wait for the derby to prove it . we be go to the Wood Memorial . when secretariat have to run as far as my horse do today , he 'il fade like the sunset . I guarantee it . penny glance at lucien ; he lock away , deeply worried . the television show sham run away with the race . penny how good be he horse , lucien ? lucien the further he go , the faster he go . he 's long and slender , a perfect distance horse . and Red just keep get bigger . we will find out at the Wood . ... I nve get work to do . page 65 of 113 65 . lucien leave ; Seth give penny a brave smile and go with he . penny thank you , Seth . miss ham the Wood be in New York . you be gonna need a new dress . the phone ring ; penny answer , as miss Ham study the time article . penny ( into phone ) penny tweedy . intercut as necessary , Jack in he law office , with a copy of the New York Times Sports section open to the article . jack I see the paper . penny yes , Seth do a great job . jack I would like to say congratulation . but I be a lawyer , and I know what performance guarantee mean . penny Jack , I do not know how to earn a reward without take a risk -- jack be it true Ogden phipp offer you eight million dollar ? penny horse people be worse gossip than the hen in a chicken coop . jack then it 's true . penny it 's true . and if secretariat win he will be worth twice that . in penny 's office , miss Ham look up from the paper , hearing only penny 's side of the conversation ; she 's freeze by it . page 66 of 113 66 . jack I have think long and hard about this , penny . you be risk everything . Fair enough , it 's between you and hollis I guess , though I would hope you have consider the child . penny Jack , I consider the child every day of my life -- jack I just mean , do what you want with you own money . but I will not spend a cent of my money on what seem to I a crisis of identity that ... that ... penny do not worry . not a cent of you money . I understand . jack I do not mean it like that , I mean - — penny I understand exactly what you mean . we 'il talk later . penny hang up . she glance at miss Ham , then look away . miss ham there be some word of wisdom that have sustained I through my darkest time ... if you would not mind I would like to share they with you . penny oh miss Ham , I be all ear . miss ham they be : '' good evening , k - Mart shopper . '' as penny 's face brighten from miss Ham 's spirit -- close on new high heel , and great leg walk confidently , as we pan up on penny , look stun in a new dress - — - from a discount store . and we see that it 's the glow inside a woman , not the dress , that make she beautiful . miss Ham walk confidently beside she ; they be page 67 of 113 67 . int . aqueduct race track — paddock area -— day penny and miss Ham be walk up to where lucien ( wear yet another garish hat ) , Eddie and the other handler be work to get ready . penny rub secretariat 's nose . aqueduct p-a announcer ( v.0 . ) .-- fifteen minute to post , fifteen minute . but Eddie 's have trouble with the saddle girth . eddie this saddle girth do not fit . lucien it 's big enough for a clydesdale ! eddie well , it be not big enough for Red . maybe he 's still hide some fat from the winter . lucien horse look fat to you ? secretariat 's rip . lucien have already pull out he pocket knife and be make a new hole , mutter ... lucien ( in french ) dix minute pour écrire et je suis poingonnage un trou dan une circonférence . penny what be you do ? lucien same thing I have do with every belt I have ever own . and the sound of the call to Post anticpate -- ext . aqueduct race track - starting gate - day secretariat and turcotte move into the start gate . title : the wood memorial , april 21 , 1973 aqueduct track announcer ( v.0 . ) the horse now be load in for the big race of the day , the match - up between secretariat and sham ... page 68 of 113 68. in the stand : penny , lucien , Seth and miss Ham wait . penny turn to see a final - minute arrival : Ogden phipp . he neds toward penny . and just next to he , in the adjacent box ... be pancho Martin and he colleague . he give she a nod , complete with a confident smile . at the starting gate , the handler load secretariat , then sham . sham be beautiful , sleek , a natural distance runner . his jockey , lafitte pincay , look at turcotte . pincay you gonna eat some dirt today , ronnie . aqueduct track announcer ( v.0 . ) the final test before the campaign for the triple Crown ... the first test of whether the big horse from Virginia can cover this distance . in the PRESS area : nack and beyer watch through binocular ... nack time to see who 's get the real horse . in the stand : penny glance again toward Ogden , and see that he 's now be join by two more investor : e.v. Benjamin and John galbreath . they nod she way as well . down in the starting gate : Red shake he head as if try to rid himself of something . ronnie 's never see this . ronnie settle down boy . aqueduct track announcer ( v.0 . ) the horse be in the gate ... they hold for a beat , until the start bell ring ... aqueduct track announcer ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) --- and it be a clean start with angle Light move from the outside ... angle light bolt ahead and slowly cut over from the outside to take the lead at the rail . page 69 of 113 69 . aqueduct track announcer ( v.0 . ) ».e- head toward the rail . step nicely in second , sham in good position , run third . turcotte let the big horse settle in - as he have so often in the past - allow he to fade back ... aqueduct track announcer ( v.0 . ) secretariat fade back to last . in the stand , penny be reassure lucien , and herself ... penny he always do this . it 's okay ... the field plow into the first turn . angle Light in first , sham just off he shoulder , step nicely in third . penny , lucien and miss Ham watch ... ».- Seth , Ogden and pancho Martin do the same . aqueduct track announcer ( v.0 . ) angle Light hold the lead into the turn . sham in perfect position ... the horse move into the backstretch , sham move to the outside of he , wait for angle Light to burn out . sham 's jockey , pincay , sneak a quick glance over he shoulder ; secretariat remain far behind ; ronnie flip down one of the dirt - shield on he goggle . dirt everywhere . in the PRESS area : beyer he 's wait for turcotte to move . on the track , turcotte and Red be cover in dirt . aqueduct track announcer ( v.0 . ) the pace now deadly slow into the final turn . secretariat still hold back . turcotte see the open in front of he , and finally urge he to run ... and secretariat have nothing . in the stand , we push in on penny , she dream crumble . penny c'mon Red ! page 70 of 113 70 . aqueduct track announcer ( v.0o . ) sham move up ! secretariat be fade ! on the track , secretariat labor , he breathe thin . pincay give one more look over he shoulder at secretariat , then chirp to sham ... and sham surge ahead . aqueduct track announcer ( v.0 . ) it 's angle Light and sham ! penny , Jack and lucien ; Seth , miss Ham and Ogden ... all they can do be watch helplessly as secretariat fade back . aqueduct track announcer ( v.0 . ) angle Light and sham at the wire ! secretariat a stun and distant third ! and the aura of magic and invincibility that moment before have surround both owner and horse have drain to disappointment , even anger . phipp , Benjamin and galbreath all turn and look toward penny , before depart with ... ogden phipp we will talk later . in the PRESS area : beyer shrug to nack -- — beyer just like he father after all . ext . breezeway leading to the paddock - entrance - day pincay trot sham - who look perfect - toward the await pancho Martin . spectator and reporter throng they . pancho martin magnificent ! magnificent ! next time we bury he even worse ! secretariat come in on the other side , lather , exhaust . Eddie reach for he as ronnie dismount , and the fan within shouting distance do not hesitate to let turcotte know how they feel ... fan # 1 Nice ride turcotte ! you do that with all you million dollar horse ? page 71 of 113 71 . fan # 2 you be a bum ! you do not deserve he ! turcotte , cover with dirt and mud , ignore they all ; penny , lucien , Seth and miss Ham arrive . penny move to the horse . ronnie he just do not fire . and he do not sound right . lucien what the hell you mean , he do not sound right ?! ronnie in he other race he breathe like a freight train -- whoom , whoom ! this time he sound ... thin . penny pat Red on the neck , genuinely worried about he . penny make sure he 's okay , eddie. ( to lucien and ronnie ) you two come with I . int . seclude corner of aqueduct - a few minute later penny unleash on she trainer and jockey ... penny do you have any idea what this do to we ? lucien yes mar ’am ... penny «»..we just lose a race we could not afford to lose , we finish third ! third ! in front of Mr. phipp , Mr. Benjamin , Mr. galbreath . what be I suppose to tell they ?! lucien tell they the truth . tell they the horse have a bad day . penny we be blame the horse now ? {to ronnie ) ( more ) page 72 of 113 72. penny ( cont would ) and what about you ? how could you hold he back that long ? ronnie I rede he the same way I always do . penny then how do he finish the way he do ? the only reason sham do not beat we even worse be that he jockey do not believe what be happen , he be wait for you ! as if in tune with penny 's fury , thunder rumble overhead . penny if we be not leave for kentucky tomorrow , I would fire both of you right now . ronnie do what you think 's right , mar ’am , but there be not a jockey out there who know this horse better than I do . lucien ronnie have he in the right place . this be not he fault . penny well if it be not the horse or ronnie , whose fault be it ? you better find out what happen today , and you better fix it . because if that 's the best he can do at this distance , we be all finish ! as lucien and ronnie watch penny go , it begin to rain . Jack be wait for she , at she car ; he 's be watch . int . car - late afternoon penny open the door and get in . Jack 's sit behind the wheel . silence for a beat , until ... jack tweedy few day at home , get some rest , thing 's 1l be better . page 73 of 113 73 penny I can not . I have to go to kentucky . tomorrow . jack tweedy you say you be come home for a few day , and the derby be not for another -- penny I know when the race be , Jack . I can not do it . not after today . I have get to find the problem with the horse and fix it . or I have lose everything . the rainfall on the windshield be the only sound . penny I do not mean everything , I mean ... jack penny ... I know you love the kid . when you be at home you be a fine - a great mother . and you can only be as good a wife as I can be a husband , and maybe I have not give you that much to come home to . penny Jack -- jack it be what it be . if we do not make it , the failure be at least as much mine as yours . but I just see you go off on you jockey and you trainer . you have prove you know a lot more about horse than I do , but I have to ask you -- who be you mad at , really ? because if it 's I , I need to tell you something . Jack pause , and penny steel herself for a terrible moment ... jack I want you to win . and win or lose , you have teach we child what a real woman be , and what it be to believe in yourself . I could never have teach they either of that thing . I may have lose you . ( more ) page 74 of 113 74 . jack ( cont would ) but I be proud of you ... for become , once again , the woman I first fall in love with . he get out of she car and walk away , into the rain . penny sit alone in the car . ext . aqueduct race track - stable - night rain fall outside the stable area . int . aqueduct race track - stable - night most of the light have be turn off for the night , the horse sleep . but light spill from one stall . int . aqueduct race track - stable - red 's stall - night close on lucien 's hand as he run they over secretariat 's ankle , knee ... try to find any clue as to whether he 's hurt . Eddie and doctor manuel gilman be do the same on the other leg . doctor gilman have he eat anything ? lucien nothing . horse have never miss a meal in he life . doctor gilman how much oat you usually give he ? lucien sixteen quart . twenty - five pound of hay . doctor gilman a day ? that 's more than a couple of pregnant mare would put away . they all stand . the vet try to get Red to open he mouth . doctor gilman come on , I be not gonna hurt you . eddie he 's not the one gonna get hurt , Doc . secretariat roll he head from side - to-side . uncooperative page 75 of 113 75 . doctor gilman settle down . lucien , you want to give I a hand here ? lucien he will be okay , just give hima minute . eddie you afraid of he ? lucien horse be smart enough , he 's probably be wait two year for I to get my hand near he mouth . Red finally hold steady as the vet run he finger along the inside of Red 's mouth ... until the horse flinch in pain . int . bar - night the lowest moment for turcotte , who sit at a bar and take a sip of a beer . he 's run the race through he mind over and over again . unable to figure it out . int . new york HOTEL - restaurant - late night the same apply for penny . she 's alone at the bar , a cup of coffee and three sheet of paper in front of she . exhausted and stress , she look at the first sheet : the 1973 kentucky derby - formal entry - one and 1 / 4 mile she pull it aside to see the second , and the third ... the 1973 preakness stake - formal entry - one and 3 / 16 mile the 1973 belmont stake - formal entry - one and 1 /2 mile the bartender be answer the phone behind the bar ; he move up to penny . bartender miz chenery ? a call for you ... penny move to take it , already anticipate who it be . penny ( into phone ) this be penny . page 76 of 113 76 . intercut ogden phipp , from he home office . ogden phipp you know I speak for everybody . one loss can happen . two be non - performance . penny I understand . ogden phipp I be sure you do . penny hang up the phone , and hang she head , at she lowest . she need to reach out to someone ; after a moment , she lift the phone again and dial a number . int . college town - a apartment - night a group of student , all aspire to be che guevara , and dress as counter - culture warrior , be prepare sign for a anti-war march , when someone shout — - hippie student ( 0.s. ) kate ! you mother 's on the phone ! he say mother as if it 's a joke that anybody have one ; kate 's friend laugh . kate move to the phone and answer . kate Mom ? penny hi , honey . I just ... want to see how you be do . kate kinda busy right now , we be get ready for a march . ... you okay with that ? penny kate , I -- we politics can change but the need to speak up for what we believe , that do not . I be proud of you . kate hey , I gotta go , can we talk later ? penny sure , honey . page 77 of 113 47/24/89 15:46:48 > gbi page 478 77 . kate ».. you alright ? penny sure , honey . we 'il talk later . penny hang up . and kate doss too , troubled by the tone in she mother 's voice . kate rummages through the apartment mess for a newspaper , and find the Sports section and a racing headline : secretariat lose , with the sub-banner : a not - so - Super horse ? a che wannabe move up behind she , see the horse racing article , and snicker . che wannabe how bourgeois . the look kate give he be not unlike penny 's stare . kate up yours , pig ! back at the HOTEL bar , penny turn to see lucien and Eddie . eddie Doc find a big abscess in Red 's lip . probably hurt he all the way around the track . nobody else see it cause Red will not soften he mouth up for anybody but you . penny lucien ... lucien forget it . we have get the derby to get ready for . CUT to black : »..and light spill in as the door open on the meadow stables 's horse trailer , revealing a large cluster of reporter , derby official and spectator . derby official ( v.0o . ) lady and gentleman , from the meadow stables in Virginia ... page 78 of 113 78 . ext . churchill downs , kentucky -— day derby official ( v.0 . ) .».. please welcome to the 99th run of the kentucky derby , secretariat ! applause . secretariat , wear brilliant white ankle wrap , emerge from the horse trailer upon he arrival at ... churchill downs , kentucky two week before derby day ... and we move up to take in the full sight of the big horse ; he demeanor and look somewhat dull and depressed ... the abscess obviously bother he . the amount of spectator and gawker have now move to a new , much larger level ... Eddie guide the horse down . lucien , penny , Seth , ronnie and miss Ham meet Red at the bottom of the ramp and they tolerate a flurry of obligatory photograph ... but the horse do not raise he head to pose as he have so many time before . nack , in the crowd , notice it . penny rub Red on the neck , quietly concerned . Eddie take he away , and the foursome huddle for a moment ... lucien we will take care of the horse , you take care of the reporter . penny what ? I --? lucien I can not think straight with that guy all over I . penny but I be not ... lucien you be as big a story as the horse . and if you want he fit you gotta keep that reporter away . and penny start to feel sick . the sound of hoof rise quickly , and ... page 79 of 113 iturn my screenplay inte a mp3 and it 's duaking dooney ) = thar 's the facr , sack 73 . ext . churchill downs - track — training run - day ..- sham thunder along , alone , with blaze speed . news announcer { v.o . ) another blister workout for sham today , while rumor continue to swirl about secretariat 's lackluster performance at the Wood Memorial ... the trackside watcher ( nack and beyer among they ) click they stopwatch and compare time , impressed . beyer sham 's burn up the track and secretariat 's miss . so 's he owner . nack she 'il be at the press conference . the only thing she hate worse than talk about herself be back down . int . lady 's room - day penny , nearly hyperventilate , splashes cold water on she face , dry , and pinch she pale cheek . she take a deep breath and step out , into -- int . churchill downs - billionaire 's ballroom - day the big room where billionaire will dine before the derby be now arrange for a press conference , and she move into the crowd ; from penny 's Pov , they all seem to be watch she . she take she seat at a long table , near pancho Martin . derby announcer Mrs. tweedy and Mr. Martin be both here , so let 's open for question ! reporter # 1 how be you two feel ? pancho martin fantastic ! you have all see sham 's workout , he 's never look better . the reporter wait ; penny say nothing . page 80 of 113 bo . nack penny , sham be turn in awesome workout . when will lucien work secretariat ? penny soon. beyer any concern secretariat will run the same way he do in New York ? penny stare at beyer as if dismay by he stupidity . penny yes . the reporter wait again ; a few of they chuckle . reporter # 1 pancho , some people think secretariat look a little off at the Wood Memorial race . pancho martin " look a little off ? '' Racing be unforgive , for trainer , horse or housewive . he glance at penny ; everybody in the room know he 's bait she , but he draw just a flicker of a glance in return . pancho martin let I tell you what you 'il hear from the secretariat people . excuse . excuse about the Wood . excuse about they horse . more excuse than China 's get rice ... and China 's get a lot of rice . the reporter scribble ; pancho 's bluster make good copy . pancho martin there 's only one thing you 'il hear from I . we beat Big Red at the Wood . we will beat he again here . reporter # 2 any comment , Mrs. tweedy ? penny shake she head , feel no need to respond . page 81 of 113 bl . beyer penny , how much pressure be you feel from you investor right now ? penny it 's like every other all - or - nothing , multi-million - dollar gamble we housewive make every day . the reporter crack up , loving she ; penny glance at pancho . pancho martin miz tweedy do not hear , so I x11 make myself clear . secretariat be go down . I guarantee it . everyone 's look at penny . wait . they do not wait long . penny pancho 's start to brag like a boxer . maybe he plan to take up prize fight after he finish horse racing . ... but sham 's get as much chance of beat secretariat as pancho have of beat Muhammad Ali . the reporter nearly levitate with excitement . int . churchill downs - stable 21 - night Eddie work a hot , damp towel under secretariat 's tender lip , as lucien and Charlie watch ... lucien how 's it look ? eddie same . still have not eat . lucien I be gonna have ronnie take he out in the morning . see how he do . ext . churchill downs -— track -— day ronnie let Red roll ... but he 's not roll . and the sound of he breathe be noticeably thin . page 82 of 113 b2. he pass the same trackside watcher ( beyer and nack among they ) and the stopwatch click again . kentucky horseman ( v.0 . ) I have be training horse for thirty year and I guarantee you ... ext . churchill downs - day a montage of " insider '' give they opinion to reporter ... kentucky horseman ..- there 's something wrong with that horse . something serious . insider # 1 he 's walk wide in front . you ask I , that 's a sign of bad knee . insider # 2 bone chip in he knee , no question about it . insider # 3 ankle . have to be . I have talk to a half dozen trainer and they say the same thing . ext . churchill downs - track - day pancho pose with sham . photographer snap away ... news announcer ( v.0 . ) and while pancho Martin be brim with confidence , the pressure continue to build on the secretariat camp . the latest to express doubt ? Vegas oddsmaker Jimmy " the Greek '' Snyder . int . churchill downs , kentucky - bar - day jimmy " the greek '' hold court at a local bar ... jimmy " the greek '' snyder I just do not like secretariat 's chance . I say before the Wood he have no right to be favore over sham . now I be hearing the horse might be lame . ( more ) page 83 of 113 83. jimmy " the greek '' snyder ( cont would ) t’1l bet if you look in that stall right now you have see ice pack on he knee . ext . churchill downs - backstretch rail - day even more reporter follow penny now ; she 's a great story . she 'il never enjoy interview , but she 's acclimate . reporter ( try to get the next question in ... ) penny ! penny ! derby reporter # 1 so where 's the name penny come from ? penny well , it 's actually helen , but that be my mother 's name , so we need something different . I guess that kind of nickname be popular then : penny , buffy , gigi-- they ought 'a shoot we all . Big laugh ; the reporter be fall in love with she . ext . churchill downs , kentucky - night the twin spire be silhouett against the moonlight . all be suddenly quiet . ext . churchill downs - backstretch rail - night lucien nurse a cup of coffee as he lean on the rail , stare at the ground in front of he . worried . int . churchill downs - stable 21 - night penny walk up to Red 's stall . Eddie 's asleep on a cot just outside the door . Red come over to see she . she rub he neck and pull a piece of carrot from she pocket . he sniff , but do not take it . penny exhales , concerned . penny I do not know what it say about either of we , but I have rather talk to you right now than to anybody else . so here 's the deal . ( more ) page 84 of 113 b4 . penny ( cont would ) I have never ask you to run this far . but you be the fastest and the smartest horse in this race . do not lock away from I , you know what I be talk about . which be exactly what he be do , till he stop and look at she again . penny there 's no second chance here , and it 's time to step up , you hear I ? he 's stare right at she . no kid . penny all right , then . see you in the morning . ext . churchill downs , kentucky -— dawn brilliant sunrise . another day to hope ... int . churchill downs —- stable 21 - day Eddie walk toward Red 's stall , optimistically carry a pail of feed . Eddie slide open the door and walk in . Red 's stand up as he put the pail down and pat the big horse ... eddie Morning Red . how we feel today ? «.. then wander over to the feed bin . and that 's when Eddie notice that the feed bin be now completely empty . he turn and see Red 's nose be bury deep in the pail . eddie watch out , kentucky ! Big Red have arrive ! rising in the background : the strain of '' my old kentucky home , '' accompany by the more than a hundred thousand fan . ext . churchill downs - day close on secretariat 's checkerboard blinker as he stop at the end of the breezeway , the last moment before he emerge into derby Day pandemonium . the horse look out over the track , the crowd , as if surveying the situation . page 85 of 113 85 . Eddie hold he by the shank lead . Charlie sit on a silver pony that will accompany they onto the track . ronnie let he sit for a minute , Eddie . he like to take it all in . ronnie rub the big horse 's neck as secretariat look one way and then the other , adjust to the set . the sound be palpable as turcotte and Charlie exchange a quick , nervous glance . Red give a toss of he head . and ronnie nod toward Eddie ... eddie safe trip , boy . ».e- he unclip the lead , send they out onto ... ext . churchill downs - day the biggest stage they have yet see . everything be big today : big hat , big mint julep . crowd pack in the stand and in the infield . title : the 1973 kentucky derby in the stand , nervously wait ... penny , lucien , miss Ham , Seth and Ogden phipp . John W. galbreath and e.v. Benjamin stand right behind he . Ogden lean forward to tell penny ... ogden phipp Big day , Mrs. tweedy . in a nearby BOX : pancho Martin stand ( with a half dozen or so of he colleague ) , await the race as well . in the PRESS BOX : nack and beyer , scribbling note , try to maintain the outer calm that fail most reporter on this day . ext . churchill downs - track -— day the gate handlers reach out for Red as he draw near ... ».- but a horse already in the gate , twice a prince , rear up and cause a commotion . instead of allow secretariat to be draw into the gate , turcotte turn he away ( back toward Charlie ) ; wait for the other horse to settle down . page 86 of 113 86 . a couple of second later , turcotte turn Red back toward the gate and tell the gate handler -- ronnie take it easy with he . Little anxious today . gate handler you get it , ronnie . and the starter , amidst the chaos , reach for the extension to the bit and soothes the big horse . bam ! -- the gate slam behind he , cause Red to toss he head slightly ... just as he do before the Wood . ronnie settle down ... the announcer , chic anderson ( pronounce '' chick '' ) ... chic anderson ( v.0 . ) they be at the post . secretariat throw he head just a bit . .».. as ronnie reach down and take a handful of mane ( still hold the rein ) to steady himself at the furious start . the spectator anticipate ... riititinnnnnggggg ! ... and the gate fly open . Fifteen horse surge onto the track ; the roar from the spectator lusty and immediate . overwhelm . chic anderson ( v.0 . ) and they be off in the 99th run of the kentucky derby ! shecky greene , as expect , sprinting to the front of the pack . Royal and regal just behind , gold bag quickly move into third . secretariat , as he 's do in all of he race , drop to the rear of the field . chic anderson ( v.0 . ) sham and a dozen other move into strike position . secretariat be at the back of the pack . penny and lucien watch , dread a repeat performance of the Wood . page 87 of 113 b87 . turcotte ride the big horse as calmly as ever , study the dirt-clod-tossing brigade ahead of he ... .».. see nothing but trouble on the rail , see zero opening in front of he ... he lumber along ... chic anderson ( v.0 . ) fast first quarter in 23 and two ... turcotte ease secretariat to the outside , still in last . sham , with pincay onboard , slice into third place with a brilliant surge . chic anderson ( v.0 . ) sham move up into third , gold bag just in front of he as they clear the half mile ... Red start move up .. and it look , even though it 's early in the race , that he 's run better ; he 's now in ninth place . penny {to herself ) come on Red ... nack and beyer raise they binocular to watch ... ++ eas pincay move sham into second place . chic anderson ( v.0 . ) on the outside now be sham , run easy as he move into second , the three quarter time a speedy 1:11 and four ... pancho martin that 's my boy . »»eand as they sail into the far turn ... the horse lean toward the rail ... turcotte notice something : Red 's breathe sound like a freight train -- deep , resonant . whoosh . whoosh . chic anderson ( v.0 . ) secretariat still well back of the leader . penny rise on she tip-to in hope of see better . the sound of the crowd escalate ... page 88 of 113 bb . chic anderson { v.0 . ) sham have take the lead ! lucien gotta move he , ronnie . gotta move he now ! but secretariat lag far back of the leader . pancho nod , sure of victory . penny and lucien be die . lucien I be get out of here . he start to go , unable to watch ; penny grab he arm . penny you be gonna stay here and take this with I . penny can barely watch , but she have to ... on the track , turcotte chirp to secretariat , and the whoosh sound get even deeper and more powerful . ronnie come on , boy . go ! turcotte move Red into fourth place , into third ( on the outside ) . but he still trail sham , leading the field and run beautifully as they head into the stretch . chic anderson ( v.0 . ) final quarter mile ! laffit pincay , in perfect position , chirp to sham ... laffit pincay gol gol and for a brief second , pincay be sure he be riding the derby winner . until ... he glance to the ground on he right ... ».. and see a shadow approach . then he hear breathe : whoom ! whoom ! pincay glance over he shoulder ... .».- and the big horse be right there . for a hundred yard they run right next to each other ... chic anderson ( v.0 . ) it 's sham and secretariat ! neck and neck ! page 89 of 113 b89 . churchill downs shake with the realization that each fan be see exactly what they come to see : the two great thoroughbred in racing , lock in a dead-heat . penny come on , Red ... come on , Red ... come on ! secretariat now pull away from sham . one length . two . the spectator go crazy as Red sprint down the stretch , open a even great lead . even nack and beyer fall victim to the sight ... nack C ’mon ! ... secretariat cross the finish line . and there be a celebration like none other in the stand and the infield . penny reach out for lucien , miss Ham , Seth ... phipp look at penny and give she a smile . it 's a joyous moment for all . and then , the icing ... derby p-a announcer ( {v.o. ) lady and gentleman , secretariat with a unofficial time of one minute , 59 and two - fifth second ! a new kentucky derby record ! ext . churchill downs - winner 's circle - a few minute later close on the ceremonial blanket of rose be drape on the dirt - cover horse . penny cradle the trophy ... secretariat stand tall just behind she shoulder ; a terrific-looking pair . the team surround they . the buzz of the crowd still provide a electric backdrop . the CBS anchor of the broadcast interview penny ( which churchill downs can hear as well ) ... CBS anchor penny , it 's be twenty five year since horse-race 's have a triple Crown winner . be this the horse that finally break that streak ? penny we still have a lot of work to do . but at least we have give ourselves a chance . page 90 of 113 90 . and it 's in that moment that secretariat turn he mud and dirt - cover head and brushes up against penny , who be deck out in spring color a second ago ... ... and she do not mind a bit , rub he neck . CBS anchor congratulation , penny . the fastest derby ever . here 's hope we see the same thing two week from now at the preakness ! a roar from the crowd as penny , smile from ear - to - ear , rub she hand over Red 's dirt - cover nose . smash into : ext . pimlico - track - day the race be already underway . a half -dozen horse thunder they way toward the camera as they head down the stretch toward the first turn ... title : the 1973 preakness stake chic anderson ( v.0 . ) ecole etage in first , torsion now second , follow closely by sham . secretariat be last once again as they head toward the first turn . the smile be go as penny be force once again to endure watch Red run along in last place . she 's surround by the same group that attend the derby . turcotte guide secretariat into familiar position : slightly outside of the pack , content to wait ... chic anderson ( v.o. ) sham now make a steady bid as he move into second . pincay ease closer to ecole etage , sham run with he typical combination of grace and power . turcotte move Red closer to our native . chic anderson ( v.o. ) a sluggish pace as the field now head through the first turn . in the stand , penny and the group watch ... page 91 of 113 ol . ».. as the horse roll along . but ronnie see that he have a risky opportunity -- a narrow gap between horse . lucien careful ... the horse lean into the turn , and that 's when ronnie call on Red to ... ronnie okay , Red ...go ! CUT to : int . pimlico - stable - night ( hour after the race ) and we see the big horse , on he side , snore in he stall . all be fairly dark as we move along the slumbering mass , and arrive upon ... ».- penny , lucien and ronnie sit at a table ( illuminate by a dim light up above ) , each with a styrofoam cup of coffee . penny ».. so that 's when it happen . ronnie that 's when it happen , yes mar ’am . every one of that horse be hold back , I mean really hold back , afraid to take the lead . all pack in , right on the rail . ext . pimlico - track — day .».- and the next ten second be jaw-dropping . Big Red move to the outside ... chic anderson ( v.0 . ) here come secretariat ! move fast , swinging to the outside . he 's go for the lead ! ».eand Red pass every horse in the field in a matter of second . blow right past sham . ronnie ( v.0 . ) all my year of riding , I nve never move past that many horse that fast . Dead last to first in 200 yard . page 92 of 113 92 . int . pimlico - stable - night ( hour after the race ) lucien ».. with more than half the race leave , do not forget . ext . pimlico - track — day secretariat pound along the backstretch , thunder ahead of the field . two length ahead of sham . ronnie ( v.0 . ) any other race we would have be home free , but I know sham be still back there . I be not worried about anyone else . the two horse storm ahead , secretariat still hold a steady lead over he powerful rival . int . pimlico - stable —- night { hour after the race ) penny what be Red tell you ? ronnie just let I run , boss , do not worry . ext . pimlico - track - day Red drag sham into the final turn , another classic duel between this magnificent beast . ronnie ( v.0 . ) the one thing you can never give a horse be a killer instinct . they have either get it or they do not . and with Red , I have never once have to use the whip . from the stand : penny watch as Red head for home . int . pimlico - stable - night ( hour after the race ) ronnie so we be in the stretch and that 's when I hear it ... page 93 of 113 93 ext . pimlico - track - day pincay lash he whip ... ronnie ( v.0 . ) ».- pincay go to the whip , try to get one last burst out of sham . .».- and sham be move . but Red pin he ear back and surge ... ronnie ( v.0 . ) but Red ? he just start move on he own . two length ahead , then three . everything in control , not a worry in the world . +..and the crowd roar as secretariat cruise toward the finish line . win . int . pimlico - stable - night ( hour after the race ) penny what about you ? you ever turn you head back to see ? just even a little ? ronnie no . never look back . a hint of a smile from penny . penny so one more win . how do we get it ? lucien well , mar ’am , that 'il require one more decision from you . ronnie {to lucien , in french ) you sure you want to talk about this now ? lucien ( in french ) when else should we talk about it ? the race be in three week . ronnie ( in french ) let she celebrate . there 's no hurry to ... page 94 of 113 94 . penny ( in english ) I know the race be in three week . but we need to make a decision now . lucien glance at ronnie , then ask penny ... lucien so all this time you understcod ...? penny oui . ».. they all smile . lucien have grow to really like she . lucien so in the last twenty five year , seven horse have win the derby and the preakness , but nobody 's win the triple Crown . that 's because of the belmont . mile and a half , the longest race this horse will ever run . Red win the derby and the preakness in record time , come from behind in both . you gotta figure he know he will burn out if he go too fast and too early . penny so what do we do ? lucien conventional wisdom be to rest he . let he recover from the last two and store up energy for the belmont . penny I never believe conventional wisdom be any such thing . lucien then I say we work he . run he hard . harder and faster than ever . penny know this decision could cost everything . or win it lucien miz chenery , in all my year of training horse , I have never see one with he kind of appetite for run . it 's like he can not get enough . I work he one day , he run faster the next . ( more ) page 95 of 113 95 . lucien ( cont would ) I know how much you need he to win this race , and there 's a chance we could be drain every drop of gas out of he tank . but I do not think bo . penny alright . let 's find out what he 's get . int . belmont park - club room — day reporter be shoulder - to-shoulder , nack and beyer among they . penny and pancho Martin sit at a long table up front ( lucien , ronnie and laffit pincay be there as well . title : belmont park , new york derby reporter # 1 mister Martin ! secretariat 's beat you horse twice now . what make this race different ? pancho martin any good horseman will tell you , secretariat be build for speed and sham be build for distance . Mrs. tweedy think she horse have somehow magically inherite both . this will be the race that prove she intuition only go so far . penny do not take the bait . yet . derby reporter # 2 penny , what about all the attention secretariat 's receive ? cover of Newsweek , time magazine ... penny well , we -- pancho martin -- let I tell you something ! he hold up the latest copy of time , newsweek , sport illustrate , all with secretariat on the cover . pancho martin all this talk about '' Super horse ? '' sham break the derby record too ! he run the second fastest derby and the second fastest preakness ever . ( more ) page 96 of 113 96 . pancho martin ( cont would ) ever ! we be right there with the red horse every step of the way ! nack glance at beyer , both of whom know it 's true . pancho martin now we run the longest of the triple Crown race . and when we be do you will be call sham the '' Super horse ! '' nack any comment , penny ? penny I would have to say I agree with Mr. Martin completely . his horse do run the second fastest ever . the reporter laugh . lucien and ronnie stifle a grin . pancho Martin simmer as the flashbulb pop . ext . belmont park - track - morning secretariat ( ronnie onboard ) run a training workout , fly through the morning chill ... .».. the track reporter 's stopwatch click in unison , right through to lucien , penny and Seth ; who hold stopwatch too . lucien Three quarter in 1:12 . penny look good . seth hancock you sure you want to send hima mile next time out ? lucien and penny give he a look . stick with the plan buddy seth hancock just ask . ext . belmont park — track — morning a few day later . Red thunder past the stopwatch again . click , click , click . penny be we work he too fast ? page 97 of 113 97 . lucien do not reply , jotting the time down in he note pad . ext . belmont park - track - morning the big horse 's breath be visible against the cold air as he stride along . powerful . awesome . the stopwatch click again ... ext . belmont park — day ... into the click of cameras at a photo opportunity . penny stand off Red 's shoulder as photographer call out for both of they ... ».eand she be smile graciously , the perfect complement to the dynamic , powerful , and yes , pose animal next to she . Eddie hold the lead . ext . belmont park — burger barn area — night establishing of the festival area that 's set up every July near the front entrance to the track . penny 's on a pay phone , talk brightly , cheerfully . penny {into phone ) okay , sweetheart ! I love you ! she hang up . she sit down on a bench . miss Ham walk up with a couple of cup of coffee and join she . miss ham how you hold up ? when penny do not answer , miss Ham lift penny 's sunglass and see she eye rimmed with tear . penny Chris have a baseball game today ; he pitch , and when he 's wild he get down on himself , and then nobody know how to talk to he but I . John 's make airplane model the other kid ignore . the girl be ... teenage girl . and I be not there with they . page 98 of 113 miss ham you daddy worried about exactly the same thing . do you ever doubt he love you ? penny not for a second . miss Ham nod : there you go . int . new york breakfast diner - day nack and beyer be finish breakfast and pour over the racing form spread out on they table . nack you ever see a horse run training time like this before ? beyer maybe penny and lucien be geniuse , and Big Red will not run out of gas like he father do . but pancho Martin 's right , he horse run a faster derby and a faster preakness than any horse in history except secretariat , and sham have perfect gene for a mile and a half . he 's build for the belmont . and he 's rest . it 's gonna be 95 degree out there , and sham 's a California horse , use to heat . pancho 's smart . he will push the pace , try to get the big horse to fight for the lead too soon . if he do , he could unravel like he do at the Wood . nack you think secretariat could lose ? beyer I know he could lose the race . I just hope they do not lose the horse . ext . belmont park - clubhouse - night the light from the belmont structure glow in the night sky page 99 of 113 iturn my screenplay inte a mp3 and it 's duaking dooney ) = thar 's the facr , sack 99 . int . ballroom — night the annual belmont Ball . waiter and waitress make they way through the crowded room as a singer croon on stage . penny be stand alone , take it all in , just as secretariat do before a big race . Ogden phipp see she and move up . penny Mr. phipp . phipp penny . you must find this quite exciting . penny I do . I hope you do too . phipp yes . but I have be here before . in the last thirty year , seven horse have win the first two leg of the triple Crown , and fail on the third . I try not to forget that . ».. good luck tomorrow , he leave she haunt , sober . penny turn ... and find kate ! she 's beautiful , in a elegant gown , step into the world for the first time as a woman . penny kate ! they embrace , kate beam , elegant . kate sorry I be late . penny you be right on time . and you look so beautiful . all grow up . kate you look beautiful too , Mom . all grow up . and suddenly everything between they be different , change forever . kate take she mom into another embrace . kate I be so , 80 proud of you . page 100 of 113 100 . and she break away to let penny see the rest of she family - the three other child , and Jack -- all dress for the ball the child run up and embrace penny in a family hug . Jack hold back , watch respectfully , even reverently . then the child sense they parent need a moment alone , and Sarah usher they off toward the refreshment . Jack step up to penny . jack they be grow up . all of they . penny yes . kate 's stun in that gown . jack I wish I would buy she a gown sooner . and I wish I have buy yours . but I could not have do as well for you as you have do for yourself . ( beat ) good luck tomorrow , penny . we be proud of you . all of we be . Jack start away . penny Jack ! ... thanks for bring they . thanks for come yourself . he smile softly and move away , leave penny in a bittersweet silence . she turn ... to find lucien . dress up . handsome . lucien Mrs. tweedy . penny mister laurin . you be look very handsome tonight . lucien I leave my hat at home , just for you . he reach into he pocket ... lucien but I bring something else . a mutual friend of ours give it to I . page 101 of 113 101 . .-- and he hand she the coin that bull use at the Arlington Club . lucien I especially like the '' head '' side . she take it , then wait a beat before ... penny you be the best I could nve hire for he , lucien . lucien and you be the best owner I ever baw . penny ah. lucien dit c’vrais . lucien grin ; penny smile . then we push in on her as she take a deep , slow breath to fight the tension ... ext . belmont park - midnight the light be on but the cavernous stand be completely empty , and a few workmen groom the racing surface , make it perfect for tomorrow 's race . penny stand silently at the rail , gaze out over the endless track ; she look more alone than ever . ext . belmont park -— stable - night penny move up to Red 's stall ; Eddie stand from he cot , and leave she alone with she horse . he 's lazily munch food , not look at she now ; she know she 's talk to herself . penny I have be walk around here wonder if it really matter what happen tomorrow . but I have realize something I need to say . I have already win . I have make it here . I do not quit . secretariat lift he head , and move to she . she look at he , hope with all she heart that he somehow understand . penny I have already run my race . now you run yours . page 102 of 113 102 . ext . belmont park — dawn a light coating of dew and fog cover the infield of the empty race track . it look utterly endless . title : the belmont stake JUNE 9 , 1973 the voice of a radio announcer ... belmont radio announcer ( v.0 . ) a record crowd be expect today as secretariat make he bid for horse racing immortality . the race be schedule for 5:38 this afternoon , forecaster predict temperature in the mid-90' . ext . belmont park - parking area near stable - same Bill nack sleep in he car , the window roll down . the nicker of a horse awaken he . int . belmont park - stable - morning Eddie and Charlie lead Red to the walkway , as lucien watch lucien careful with he . just let he walk off he nerve . nack scurries in and stand near lucien ... nack horse be fire up . lucien he know what 's happen , that 's for sure . down the walkway : a young stable girl accidentally drop a metal bucket ... ».- and the clanging sound echoe through the walkway . Red rear , paw he hoof at the sky . frighten . awesome . lucien keep hold of he ! hold he ! Eddie and Charlie try to hold he , but the horse be wound up ... rise to the sky once again . majestic . page 103 of 113 103 . lucien alright , put he back in ! before he hurt himself . charlie davis hurt himself ? horse be gonna hurt I . nack be scribbling note faster than ever . shake he head . nack ohhh boy . int . bedroom - day penny be look in the mirror , put the finish touch on she wardrobe for the day . but there be one last touch that she have wait month to wear ... she reach for the lucky pin she father give she . and put it on . the sound of a massive crowd begin to rise ... ext . belmont park - day ».. as the spectator move through the turnstile . setting up shop along the rail . stake out they spot . there be sign everywhere : '' good luck secretariat '' in blue and white , " go Red / '' in red , white and blue . " secretariat ! triple Crown ! '' int . belmont park - jockey room - day title : 4:47 pm pancho Martin give pincay he final instruction ... pancho martin go hard for the lead , draw he up with you . if he do ? he 's ours . int . belmont park - jockey room - day close on a pair of hand ... hold the most garish hat yet . wider to reveal lucien , sit with ronnie in a separate section of the room . lucien do not send he to the front , but do not choke he either . ( more ) page 104 of 113 104 . lucien ( cont would ) just remember , we have get a mile and a half we have get to cover . do not ... you know , do not ... turcotte let he burst he heart ? lucien I be sorry , I just ... bonne chance . ronnie bonne chance . int . belmont park - stable - day Eddie pull the familiar blue and white checkerboard blinker tight on secretariat 's head . the horse 's nostril flare , he 's ready to rumble . his breathe be already audible . Eddie 's secure the massive saddle girth . eddie lotta track today , red. lotta track . ext . belmont park -— stand -— day penny 's stand up , already nervous . she hold a pair of binoculars , craning she neck toward the area where the thoroughbred will enter ... .».- then notice a gentleman be now stand next to she , look at a racing form . hollis . penny smile . penny be not sure you have make it . hollis yeah , well , get a tip on a horse . they share a smile . ext . belmont park - paddock - moment later fan everywhere . pancho be out walk sham , strike as always . a murmur rise as secretariat come into view ... the sunlight spill onto he copper skin , and he 's magnificent . secretariat stop and look at sham and the other horse as if they be not worthy of he ; nack see this . page 105 of 113 105 . security guard and cop hold the fan back as Eddie guide secretariat around . a girl 6 year old hold a instamatic camera to she eye to take a picture of Red as he walk by ... ».. and he turn toward she as she click the photo . she pull the camera down ... and take a step backwards toward she father . .. the bugle call to post sound ... »..and Red hear it : shaking he head as if he can not wait to get out to the track ; he eye sharp , he muscle taut . beyer get two buck I can borrow ? ronnie move alongside Red ( lucien be there as well ) and he get a leg - up into the saddle . he pat Red on the neck . pincay get the same boost from pancho Martin , and the two jockey exchange a quick look . ext . belmont park - track - moment later secretariat emerge onto the track and there be a thunderous roar from the hundred - thousand fan on hand . he high step out , a portrait of equine royalty . ext . belmont park - stand - day anticipation be run white hot . nervous applause from the key spectator : penny and she entire family . miss Ham . hollis . seth. Ogden phipp ... .--e.v. Benjamin , John galbreath , and a couple other syndicate member . everyone 's here on this day . ogden phipp nlean over ) very big day , Mrs. tweedy . ext . belmont park - starting gate — day secretariat be load in first ( in the rail slot ) , the next pair of horse go in next to he as the roar from the crowd grow . page 106 of 113 106 . belmont tv announcer ( v.o. ) only six horse in the field today , many of the owner concede that this be , in effect , a match race between secretariat and sham . the gate handler yell out they instruction ... gate handlers wait , wait , wait ! hold on now ! okay ! in the stand : penny squeeze a roll - up program tight . wait , worried . lucien be now in the stand , beside she . in the starting gate : ronnie grab a tuft of mane ( in slow motion , upping the tension ) . pincay look over ... pincay you gonna eat a lot of dirt today . turcotte do not think so . belmont tv announcer ( v.o0 . ) the field be at the post ... chic Anderson with the call . ext . belmont park —- PRESS BOX — day nack and beyer stand as well , ready to witness history . no one be seat anywhere , the crowd electric . ext . belmont park - starting gate — day chic anderson ( v.0 . ) the horse now load in ... secretariate nostril emit a audible whoosh ... sham 's legs shudder with pent - up energy ... the start bell shriek , the gate burst open , the horse surge out ... on the track , secretariat surge right into the lead ! in the stand , on penny : she 's surprised , concerned ... penny ( to lucien ) why 's he go to the lead ?! page 107 of 113 107 . sham sprint hard , nudging ahead on the outside , all six horse within a length of each other on the first stretch ... .».. with secretariat close on the rail , fight to regain the lead . pancho smile , see he strategy play out perfectly . belmont p-a announcer { v.o. ) first quarter , 23 and three . 23 and three . nack they be blaze ! pincay move sham out to the lead and he begin to pull further in front of the other horse ... chic anderson ( v.0 . ) sham move to the lead , ease he way to the inside of the track ! but secretariat pick up the pace as well . chic anderson ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) but secretariat pick up speed , deny sham the rail ! the two frontrunner be within a neck of each other , sham still hold a slender lead , two magnificent horse roll . belmont p-a announcer { v.o. ) half mile , 46 and one . 46 and one . intercut with the stand and the PRESS BOX : beyer watch through he binocular . beyer too quick , way too quick ! lucien slow he down , ronnie ! ronnie easy , Red . but secretariat be run silky smooth as he and sham begin to pull away from the field . penny watch , while pancho Martin get a nod and a smile from the colleague next to he . it 's already a two horse race . chic anderson ( v.0 . ) sham and secretariat now move ahead of the field ... page 108 of 113 108 . camera slowly rise as : the twin thunder of secretariat and sham 's hoof beat in pure rhythm as they lean toward the backstretch . turcotte and pincay keep push , scrubbing they rein in perfect synchronization , close enough that they could touch the other . pincay look out of the corner of he eye ... ... and he move sham ahead with a chirp . ronnie do the same and secretariat draw even ... nack Big Red can not take this pace . but the two jockey be in they own world : unaware of pace , or time , or the crowd . only the opponent next to they . belmont p-a announcer ( v.0 . ) Three quarter , one oh nine and four . one oh nine and four . in the stand : penny have not blink yet . watch ... hope . on the track : secretariat 's stride be solid . ronnie glance at sham , hearing the black horse 's breathe ..-. rapid and slightly high -pitch . he turn and listen to Red . and he hear a sweet , deep whoosh sound . ronnie chirp ... ronnie come on , Red ! and it 's in that moment that ronnie and secretariat move into the lead ... ».. draw a deafen roar from a hundred thousand delirious racing fan . chic anderson ( v.0 . ) secretariat move to the lead ! miss Ham know it 's too soon . she cup she hand over she mouth as lucien - furious - yell ... lucien no ! pancho martin yes ! close on : Big Red 's hoof crush into the soil , he wide shoulder rippling as they push like piston . turcotte do not hold back ... page 109 of 113 109 . belmont p-a announcer { v.o . ) one mile . one minute 34 and one . chic anderson ( v.0 . ) the fastest backstretch duel in the history of horserace !... beyer it 's too fast , he will not make it ! ».. and the other reporter , yell almost in unison ... reporter slow down ! slow down ! everyone be yell it , sure Big Red can not keep it up . on the track , secretariat and sham fight to get they nose in front , a duel in which both would rather die than lose . all goe to silence ... and from the Pov of the homestretch , we watch the final turn , waiting for the horse to appfar . the horse that come around that turn in the lead be the horse likely to win ... we wait ... we wait ... we wait ... as we wait we flash to penny , watch breathlessly ... and the crowd around she , movement slowed so much that time seem freeze , all hang in agony to see which horse will break and which prevail ... penny watch , suspend in heartbreaking wonder ... then secretariat --majestic , rippling , fluid , both beautiful and ferocious -- appear around the turn and fly onto the backstretch , turcotte on he saddle , steady as a rock . and they be all alone . they pound onto the homestretch , hoof flash , dirt fly ; and the other horse be so far behind they have not yet appear . Joy , and the amazement of know they be witness something never see before and never to be see again , rise in penny , and then in the spectator , along with the SOUND ... penny let he run , ronnie ! come on , red ! chic anderson ( v.0 . ) secretariat so far in front the other horse do not -- six length , Seven ... page 110 of 113 110 . miss ham and set come on , Red ! go! go ! all the blocd have drain from pancho Martin 's face . secretariat crush ahead , farther and faster than anyone could have imagine . chic anderson ( v.0 . ) fourteen length ! sixteen ! mile and a quarter , one fifty nine flat ! beyer ... faster than he derby record ! on the track it be nothing short of stun , a portrait of wonder ... and penny have take on a look of reverence . the spectator scream from the rail as secretariat roll down the final stretch . and hollis , Jack , phipp , and especially penny 's child be all go crazy beside she . chic anderson ( v.o. ) secretariat be now alone ! he be move like a tremendous machine ! he be majestic as he run , not another horse in sight . the fan 's eye track he , awestruck at what they be watch . penny and the group cheer as he rumble ahead , while ... pancho martin impossible . chic anderson ( v.o0 . ) the lead be now 24 length ! 26 length ! and as the noise rise even more , and the lead grow ... turcotte ... hearing only one horse , he own ... break he own personal rule ... and he look back ... --- and see nothing . no horse . no competition . the only hoof print in the perfectly - grcoom soil be that that be put there by Red . ronnie turn he head back , and ... ... the sound and speed hit in a flurry as he drive Red down the final stretch . the crescendo of the crowd culminate ... page 111 of 113 111 . --.as secretariat , without a hint of fade , flow across the finish line . setting off a celebration in all corner of belmont Park . the moment be all - consume . penny lift she eye , just for a moment , toward heaven , where she hope she father be watch . miss Ham see , and she eye well up . penny hug she family . the rest of the group embrace the person next to they . head shake . stun look ; even among Ogden phipp and the jubilant syndicate member . turcotte ease secretariat up ... belmont p-a announcer ( v.0 . ) unofficial time ... two minute , 24 second ! win margin , 31 length ! in the PRESS BOX : beyer and nack be in shock . they look at the win time , in disbelief . beyer greatest ever ? nack that record will never be break . in the stand : penny finally glance toward pancho , who give a appreciative look , and tip he hat . she look down to the track again ... --.as turcotte approach the crowd , doffing he cap and accept the roar of appreciation . he look up ... ..- and he eye meet penny 's . he nod . she clap she hand and blow a kiss he way . ext . belmont park —- winner 's circle - a few minute later and the entire group be in the winner 's circle , as Eddie and hollis guide secretariat into position for the photograph . hollis move over and hand the lead to penny . they share a smile . ronnie walk toward lucien , and just before they shake hand , turcotte motion to he silk ... white as new snow . pincay , head back to the paddock with he exhaust and defeat sham , salute turcotte . page 112 of 113 112. penny look toward Jack , who clap he hand . genuinely happy for she . her child glow , the girl wiping away tear of joy . belmont official place a blanket of white carnation over secretariat 's neck ; sweat - cover , but still magnificent . the countless photograph begin . and we move in from angle profile on the joyous group , move closer ... ».. till the spotlight fall on just the two of they : penny chenery tweedy and secretariat . secretariat lift he head , and penny lift hers ... in Victory . we freeze frame , and fade out . the end page 113 of 113