secret window , secret garde beresoplay by David koapp base on the novella by Stephen Ring pebrosry 21 , 27003 i 02/12/2003 be ext parking lot dare a guy 's torture face . mort rainey site in the driver 's seat of he car , knuckle white on the wheel . frozen . sis face be wet with tear . he wipe hia cheak in irritetion , put the car in gear ard atep on the gas , pull out of the parking lot he 's be park in . we rolj with he , still stare at he face as he haul around a corner and ont onto the road , into a mid-winter snow storm , just after dawn . suddenly he curse , doubleufoot the brake , stop abruptiy in the middle of the road , site there for a moment --~ -- and put the car in reverse . he back right back into the parking lot , back to the very spot he be before , where be come to a atop . he freeze with he hand on the gear shife -- ~~ then put it in park and climb out of the car , leave the deor hang open , the car binging at he about the keya , tha light , you nre do avarythizg wrong . mort walk across the parking lot -- still do not want to go , still can not stop . he 's head for tha door of a strip #otel , the kind where you park you car in front of you room , a twelve - cabin - twalve- vacancia kind of place , . he walk straight toward door number 6 , the only door with a car parkad in front of it . will car , as a matter of fact . he walk right between they , up to the door of the room , and triez the handle seftiy . lock , of course . ne think for a monent , then turn and walk eff to the leave . we otay where we be , watch as he walk toward the light motel office at the end of the row . mort go ineide , the door jingles , we see throngh the window as he walk behind the unattend front counter . he ' take something off the well , turn and walk bask out , hold a key . just as he leave , we see a manager in a tee shirt come out from the back room , look around to see what happen . re figure it out and take off after mort , but by that time mort be alraady back at tha door to number & again , he siide the key inte the lock , turn the handle and shove the door open , harder than he intend to . in ? motel room daw 2 the door bang off the cheap drywall , and as the morning light spill into the room wa gat a look at tha instrument of mort 's torture . 2 . . 02/12/2003 comtinued : we can not be sure , of courss , but it 's a pratty good bet it 's the waxed couple asleep in the twisted , lova-stain sheet . Weil , they vore asleap , now they be svake and all hell breaka loose . they be horrify , shocked esd catch end humiliate . there 's so mch noise and jump around there 's no point write down the dialogue , because we can not make out more than a word or two of it anyway . but all the word have besn shout before verbatim , and by the way mort be yell at the nake woman and the nake man be ecream at mort to caim down we can tell who get fneke over and who do the fuck . and sow the Motel manager arrive and jump into the mix , shout and wave just iixe the other , God whet a mesa . it 's sweaty and ugly and painful , a0 we pull back the vay we cam , out the door of tha room , back into the snow - drive parking lot , leave they the themselves . another couple walk past the room , the woman slow down , atraing for a look at the wreck , the guy pull she along , be you crazy ? the door slam shut in we face . into some room you showld never lock . cur to : bit rashmore lake day 3 fark shape slither under the glassy surface of a mountain lak . we fly over the lake , think the shape be fish , but they be too big , too long and scary and twisted for lake fish . maybe they be not really thera . six nonth later we fly townrd a house at the edge of the lak , a nice littie cabin somebody build for themselves . Winter 's over , it 's a beautiful spring day and the window be open , so we giide through one of they . ist cabin -— study day ' Inside the house , ve'rt in a study , the room with tha best viaw , its wall line with book and bound periodicals . the desk be pile high with crap , this guy 's not a filar . ' there 's a computer on the desk , some word on the screen , we nose close enough to read then , 3 . 02/12/2003 continued : four day after George aad confirm to ais own satisfaction that bis wife be cheating on bim , ba confrontad she . " I have to taik to you , Abby , '' he gaid . '' I the carsor blink accusingly at the tail of that unfinish think , the rest of the screen be blank . there 's a beat up oid leather chair near the desk and a small deg asleep in it -- rump , a friendly old spaniel with a gray mzsie . we turn , look through the open door of the study and ase inte the live reom , where the unwritar of the unfinish story be also asieap , on the couch . '' é / a mort 's pet os about aix year in the past six montha , and the overlo midday nep he 's bury in do not help . yeoh , there 's axied drool . a enccr on the front door gate no response trom mort but it draw we attention . approach the door , we sea a dark figure move to the window naxt to the door . ' the drape be draw so we just see 4 silhouette as the figure try to peer through the window . then it move back to the door . another knovk , louder now . and then , surprisingly , the doorknob turn a few time , stop by the lock . this guy want in . a third knock , really 's pound , be abruptly cut off as mort jerk the door open , revealing the man on tha porch . rt porch day joun shooter leok about forty - five , very thin , a calm face , '' almost serene , but carve with deap line , he wear a blue vork for ashirt , buttone a 11 the way to the rasor- reddene flesh ¢f he nack . jeans {cuffed} , yellow work shoe . but it 's the hat that catch you attention . it 's a big black | one , & sound vrown plant sqdarely on he head , sort of like the kind puaker vore . mort stand thera , atill waking up , only halfway into the rend world . sheeter speak first . shooter you steal my story . mort blink . suh ? shooter ( cont would ) you steal my story and something 's get to be do aboot it . right be right end fair be fair and something have to be do , a . 02/12/2003 cortirued : $ mort open he mouth , find nothing to say , and close it again . shooter [ cont would ) well ? mort {finally } {no voice , clanrse biz throat} i do not know you . shooter I know that . thet dow not matter , I know you , Mr. rainey . tuat 's what matter . you stele my story . be hold out he hand , and it 's get somsthing in it . mort flinch , but it 's only a stack of papar , a manuscript . hort I do not read manusori - exocter you read this one already . ( state a simple fact ) you steal it . vaherve . mort iook put to he long driveway . nobody else thers . nobody around at all , just a extra car park in he driveway , a old station wagen with out of state plate . mort {buck to shooter} i oan assure you - shooter I know you can . I koow that . I do not want to he asaurad . mor ? osound a bit pompous and hat it ) if you want the talk to someone about some grievance you fesi you have , you gould call my literary agent in - shooter this be between you and I . bump the dog limpy inte the doorway , wag he tail enthusiastically . 5 . 02/12/2003 continued : ( 2 ) 5 . i srooter {cont would } we do not need any outsider , Mr. rainey . it be strictiy between you and a . hort I do not lixe be accuse of plagiariem , if that 's what you be do , : : bomp make arthritic attempt to befriend shooter . wort ( cont ’d} bump , go inside . bump do . shootsr x do not blam you for ast like it . but you do it . you steal my story . hort you will have the leave . I bhava nothing to say to you . shooter yeah , I will go . we will talk more later . be hold out tha manuscript . mort 's reflex make he reach for it , but ha pull he hand back . mort I be net take that . shooter wo not do you any good to play game ! with I , Mr. rainey , this have get the for be settle . . mort so far as I be concerned , it be . he step back inside and close the door . int cabin day & mort frasz right next to the dear ag soch as it 's close . he bolde he breath and wait for aithar the knock the cama or foetaetep to trail away . bot he hear neither . shooter be just etending there . bump sit by the door , stare up at nort ~-- be we go ont or stay in ? & . 03/42/2003 continged : 6 finally , there be a soft thump , follow by work shoe on porch , then work shoe on grevel . nort goss to the window and touch the ourtain aside . through the window , he seas shooter crunching across the driveway toward hie car . from this angle , mort can make out the license plate 's state of iasue -- Mississippi . shoater open the door , get behind the whecl , toss he hat on the seat next to he . hs start the car , put it in reverse , and back all the way down the driveway , cut to the road . mort sigh . that 's over . but then a worrisome thonght cross he mind . he look back at tha door . ext front force daz 7 shooter 's manuscript sit on the front porch , a rock rest on top of the title page to keep it from blow away , ‘he edge of the page flutter in the wind . mort stand on the front porch , barefoot , hand in the pocket of he khaki pants , look down at it . sard to tell hov long he 'a be etanding like this , just stare sit the thing , ha look up the driveway , make sure shooter really be go . he squat down next to the manuscript , want to get a closer look but do not want to touch it . re pick up the rock , toss it into the bush . the title page blow off the stack , blow by the breeze , and mort catch it . he turna it around and read it . secret wiadov , secret Garden by John shooter mort breathes a little sigh of relief . mont haver hear of you , pal . ee scoops up the rest of the manuscript -- irr kitcser pay 8 ~+ and tossas it ont in tha kitchen trash can . mort hever hear of you story . he wash he hand in the aink , as if to scrub it off himsel# -. 10 7 . 2/12/2003 ier live rook day 3 -- and flop back down on the couch . hort wow where waa I ... he rolla over and resume he nap , bump cuzl up next to the vouch and resume she nap too . cur to : int carin ~ study daz 10 mort stare blankly out the window . he 's at he desk , in front of the computer . next day , maybe ? a clock tick above hin , it 's 10:26 . somewhere upstaiza , a vacuum cleaner drone . i i i : : oat on the lake , twe motorboatese leava wide white wake behind they , kid grab-ass , play chicken . that tick be too damn loud . mort look up at the clock . still 10:28 . he turn and look at bump , who be asleep in the leather chair next to the desk , apparently she write spot . mort why do I have to do all the work ? bump lift he head sleepily , lock at mort . be we write ? mort {cont would } I be open to idea , here , bump pitt he head beck down . Mart look back at the computer screen . still that same unfinish sentence . '' I bave to talk to you , Abby , " he say . '' I mort lcek back up at the clock . hey , whaddye know , it 's 10:27 . time fly . . upstair , the vacuum cleaner shut off . struck by inapiraticn , mort highlight the mini~paragraph he have write . and delete it . now the whole screen be blank . he look back at bump , at il 8 . 02/12/2003 contisued : 10 hort {cont have ] batter , right ? bomp sigh . from the other room , mort hearse a series cf loud , elank thump as somebody drag the vacuum cleaner downstairs . stare at the blank acreen , mert bob kis head in time to the trump ~~ ka-bump , ka-bump , ka-buap , I will go insane if I sit bere much longar . int kitchen day li in the kitchen , hort takea a can of Coke out of the fridge and knock it shut with he hip . ha notice a stack of paper on the counter and bend over , not racognize it . it 's spot with orange jaice and a few coffee grounds , but the title page be still clear : secret window , sacret gardez by John shooter how would it do that ? he throw it ont . in the background , mrs . '' gavin , the clean lady , bring the canister vacuum to a crash - landing on the live room floor , visible through the opan door . Mrs. gavin treat mort with the overly kind , somewhat irritate / concarn one give a victim of a terminal dizease . ° mrs . gavin I find one of you storey in the trash , me. rainey . I think you might want it , so I put it on the counter . ° nort I gee that . curious , he turn over . the title page and pick up the manuscript . as he read the first few sentence , we creep closer to he face and hear he inner voice : wort ( v.0.} ( cont 'd ) Todd downey think that a wouan who vould ateal you Love when you love be really all you have be not auch of & woman , mort 's brow furrowe . his voice read on . mort ( ¥.0.} ) ( comt ’d ) fa therafore decide to kiil ner . he would do in in the deep corner form whar the aousa and barn cane together St a extreme angle . se Li 02/22/2003 contibued : ii a leok approach panic crogse mort 's face . hort ( v.0 , ) ( cont 'd ) he would do 2 where dis wit keep bar garden , the gardez she love more thas she low hin . mort 's arm twitches out away from he , almost involuntarily -- mort {coat have ) oh shit . -- ang he slam the manuscript back down on the counter , just to get it away from hin , knock over he can of Coke in the process . more ( cont would ) oh suit ! . Mrs. gavin come in a hurry , survey the situation , see that it 's just spill Coke , and graba a towel . rrs . gavie thank God . from the sound of you I think you would cut . you own throat ! let ms gat this , that 's my job . hore i'm sorry , ix he move out of the way , and the first thing she do be pick up the manuseript and put it back in he hand . mort look down at the fuck thing in inritstion , can not get away from it , row it 's stain with coxa tac . mrs . gavin I will take care of this , Mr. rainey , you go on back to work . everybody 's wait for you naxt opus , ae include . . . sort I do not write this . mas . gavin nmove to the # ink ) ' sousa . ort it 's not mine , mrs , gaviw oh . I thonght it be . I : i @ cc a 12 id . 02/12/2003 continusd : ( 2 } will wort we , it say John shooter . right hera . bae ? he hold up the title page and she favor it with a polite , slightly confuse glance , mrs , gayie ab hah . think it be one of that whatchacallums . paeudoname . Oz oym . moat Z do not use one . I never have . mrs . gavib I can not imagine why you would . if I could write storey lika you J would not hide behind some make up nama , that 's for sure . ¥mort somebody else write this story . mrs . gavin okey dokey then . she bend down to clean up tha soda on the floor . mort look st the story , still in he hand . he 's afraid of it . eur to ; int stode day 12 a chair bang down on the floor of the study , next to the book base wall . closy o€ the spine of a book om a top shelf -- '' svarybody drop the dine , '' the author 's last name be rainey , a hand grab it . the hock thumks down on the desk , turn toward we . full auther 's name on the front cover -- Morton rainey . plus the ward " story . " mert 's finger skim the tabla of aomtsent . about a dozen storey here . the finger stop at one call '' sowing seascn . '' page riffle by , step at the first page of '' sowing baagscu . '' hort starez down at tha page , do not bothar to eit . two push - in now , on toward the page , one toward mort 's face as hs read it . again , he iuner voice : of 12 be . 02/12/2003 continued ; 12 wort ( ¥.0 . } a woman who would steal you love when you jove be all you hed waa not mck of 's woman -- thet , et ieast , be Tommy Havelock 's opinion . {aloud , a baif - whisper ) he decide the kili she . mort sage into the chair , still readincg . mort {cont would } puck I ... ( inner voice again } be even know the place he would do it , the exact place : taloud ) thea little patebh of garden {innar voice ) she keep in the axtreme angle form where the house and the barn come together . the garden she love more than she love he . mort sit forward again , slap shooter 's story down on the desk on he leave , the book next to it on he right . he read . compare sentence , page flip , middle of ths story now . thing be move faster , tompy . more page , near the end , mort 's face be mweaty , he 's grind bis teath . last page , shit , this get worse and worss , he shove they both away from he and sit back , breathe hard . he stare for a moment , shocked still -~ -- and then snap out of it and start search the desk , almost frantic . Doors rip open , be rifle and slam shut , papers overturn , sweep aside . dig , dig , dig , past junk mail , paper clip , cancel check , old dordto . finally , lift up @ thick , heavily mark manuscript , he unearth the mother lode , a aunnfade , nearly flatten cold pack of lan 's . mort let go a happy gasp , pick tham up and poke they open . Three cigarettes be line up neatly iaside , only a little squash , a match flare , touch the tip , mort suck hard and the tobacco cgracklez with age . 42 212 , 92/12/2003 continued : ( 2 } 1z mort sit back in the chair , exhales a cloud around he head . a think be right there in the front of he brain . he turn and look at bump , give the think bresth . mort ( cont would ) {a touch defensive ) I do not steal it . bump just stare back . mrs . gavin ( 0.8 . } Mr , rainey ? . nort look up , startle . mra. savin ia in the doorway , jacket on , purse in hand . mort dart the cigarette hand down below the desk so she doesza't see , . mrs . gavin ( vont ' d ) I be all do . hor ? okay , thanks . thanks a lot . see you next time , he look back down , hope she will leave , but she stay there for a moment . she skif ? S the air lightly , then lock at hin with big sad eye . she sigh and he look back up . ° mrs . gavin Mr. rainey , I just go to say - . mont ( no , please do not } oh ... mrs . gavir soma woman do not know a good thiag when they get it . some woman do not know they get the whole world when it 's right in frent of theiz nese . there , that 's it , not another word from I . would you like I to make you something to eat ? mwort nope , thanks , I be good , thank you , that will do it , saa you next time , thanks . 12 a3 14 15 43 . 62/12/2003 continued : ( 3 ) 12 mrs . gavin you be a good man , kr. rainey . she aniffe once more , shake she head sympathetically , and leave . immediately , hort bring the cigarette back up and take another deep drag . he look down at the two storey on he desk . sack over at bump , whe be stare at he acousingly . mort I dida‘t ateal it . rer livirg room day 13 bang ! the door from the etudy smack open , mort stagger into the live room , dizzy from the smoke , auck the cigarette haze in here with he . he start for the kitchen , spot the couch =~ — — - and swarvas in mid-stride right toward it . he bark he shin on the coffee table on the way , curse under he breath , stripa he bulky wristwatoh off he wrist , dump it on the table and collapse onto the couch , jato it , almost , as if ite gravity be three time that of the rest of tha planet . it pull he right down into ite deep recess , hie tace bury in pillow . bomp haruttph the the fleor in front of the fireplece , always game for a nap . mort catch eye with he . hort do I ? and he eye xoll back into he head as sleep suck he in . cut T ) black , in the total black , i¢ wh hear a man walk , scraping he way through hard , rcustly stalk of something . he 's in a -~ rxt corn field day be ~- corn field , and the patson walk be hort . he seem jost among the tall row of corn , can not find he bearing . he feel something sharp and look down at he arm . a line of blood trace through the tear sieeve of he shirt . e's puzzle . wincing , he leck down at he other arm , the sharp corn tassios aze scraping he , another line of blood seap through he Left sleeve ag he look . he shove the sleeve up , reveeling not duet one but a half a dozen watch on hig wrist , asd avery one show a different tim , cet ty be 1é a4 . q2/12/2003 continued : 13 ahead of he , the corn on both side of the row shake and rustlee . amy rainey , mid-thircy , the female half of the naked couple from the open , step cut from one side . John shooter atap out from the other . both of they hold knife . shooter . I be confident 2 can take care of this business . they walk toward hin . shooter {cont would } I be sure that , in time , you death will be a systery . amt even to we . mort turn the run , but a hand , Amy 's haod , reach out 2nd grab he by the belt . ha fall to the ground , see only dirt and dark down here at the bottom of the gtalka , but then there 's something bright , brilliant - bright , it 's a knife . shooter hand it the Amy , he grab mort 's face roughly and force open he right eye . Amy raise the knife , mort scream , the knife flash acrose he eyeball and just es suddenly as everything go black it auddeniy flash -- rut live rook dat = ~ white and load , really loud , a bell ringing , like a class bell , on and on and it will not etep . noert 's eyez pop opan wide end he suck in he breath and now he 's bath in swaat and panic and have so idea where he ia or how much time hag pass , but the reason for the sweat and the bright be sasy enough , it 's the blind midday sun , pulverige bis face through the big live room window . the ringing stop . 1é mort sita up , look a wreck . ' the ring again , but this tine a regular ring , a telephone . he answer . rort {nap voice ) ' lo ? amy [ 0.8 . } helic , bort . mort freeze , end that visible blanche combine with the woman 's voice should tell we it 's the ex . emer erat e cc @. 18 . 2732/2003 16 continued : | 16 amy { 0.5 . ) [ comm ’d ) hello ? hort yaak . amy ( 0.5 . ) be you all right ? mort of course I be all right . why would not I be all right ? 17 int amy kxitch Day it clase on Amy rainey 's face . she 's sit at the table in she . xitehen , a cordless phone press to she ear . she 's tense , not a enjoyable call for har either . amy T do not know , I -- it 's just , you be alone up thers , anything could happen and nebody would know . mort ( 0.8 . ) I would know . any right. le int mort live room dat 16 a awkward psuse . mort wipe he forehead . look at he hand , it 's drip sweat . he soften he ton . nort I be tine . amy { 0.8.5 hey , what 's up with the roof ? bid greg carstair aver gat off he ass and - mort why would yon call , Amy ? i$ int amy kitcrer day 19 further back from har now , see the whole kitchen . it 's nice , thie be a expensive house someplace . Amy 's on the phone in the background . in the foreground , a few picture hang on '' wall . weird spacea in the picture wall , some have bean take down recently and thare have not be enough new live yet to fill the apace . e C ec be 20 02/12/2003 28 . ig continued : any cut pest the bullshit , buh ? no anawer . she gut up and walk toward we . amy ocont } T have one of that feeling I get . tf know you think they be stupid and you do not believe they but I believe than , that you might not be ckay . 1 hold off for a while , I think it would go away , but it do not . nlean in the door jam ) &o here I be . int hort' live room pay 20 mort I sae . he pick he watch up off the coffes table and look at it idly . it 's one thirty . mort ( cont would ) right . well . I do not know what to tell you , ' cept I be fine . any ( 0.5 . ) and aothing waird happen or anything ? mort flip the watch over in hia hand , look at the back side . therea 's a engrave there <- ~ '' 7 Love . you , Amy . '' he hesitates . Wall , something weird do happen , but she 's kinda the last person he want to tell about it . still ... xort do you ramember '' sowing season ? " amy ( 6.3.3 buh ? wort my story . the one where the guy - amy [ 0.5 . } y remember . hot one of my favorite . nord good to know . je 2/12/2003 7 . 20 20 «| - comtinued : amy ( 0,8 . ) . wail , it be kind hostile , 4o not you think ? mort you know , I so minute you constructive exiticisn . amy ( 0.8.} ( this be head south ) what about the story ? hort De you remember I write it ? I mean , de you think it 's posaibla that tf be ... influence by anybody , ox anything im particular while I be do it ? 21 ent amy zouse dar - 21 even further back , down a long hall with ample rcom on either side . this be a cie house , Amy 's still come toward we . amy . other than Maker 's Mark ? mort ( 9.3 . } yeah , I know , that 's why '' can not remember , I be still drink then . ame oglances at a clock on the wall ) yodo not know . sewme see , yon get weird on thet one , write it mostly at ndght , I think . you would thrash around and thes get ap and work on it till breakfact . she reach '' window at the front of the house , band down asd look ostside . : be ( cont would ) what do you mean " influence ?* 22 . int mort live room day 22 mor ? I do not know , amy ( 0.8 . } like by anothar story ? ig , 02/12/2003 22 '' continued : 22 c° hort forget it . 23 rut amy house day 23 any can tell something 's up . amy ( grevely ) mert ... do it happen more than once ? mort ( 0.5 . } I do not know . . iguickly ) we , it do not . bevar mind , forget it . 24 int mort live rooh bar 24 . mort hesitates , something else on he mind . mort {da not ask this , do not do it , do not do it } how 's tad ? ™~ , = ahy ( 0.9.3 he 's fine . mort I and bim should have a drink some time , we have be to a lot of the saue place . sing . pause . amy ( 0.3 . ) what be that for , I aay I do ant like you story ? ' mort t gotta ge . amy se do I . bat nobody hang up . mort chew he lip , do not want to ask something , can not help it . mort he 's there , iz not he , @ amy ( 0.8 . ) mo. we be not togather . 24 25 26 27 02/12/2003 13 . a 4 continued : hope cross mort 's face and give the gam away -~ be still want she back . mort you be not ? aby ( 0.8 . ) uh uh . nort i see . tpausa , try to keep the alation out sf he voic ) Wall , I would be lie if I say I be sorry to hear that . int amy house day 25 Amy look confuse for a moment , then realize the conclusion hort have draw and wince . auT no , mort , what I mean be ... I aaant va be not together at the moment . he 's come ovar later . int cabib day 26 " mort blink . feel like a asshole , which make he aagry agaia , amy ( 0.8 , } {defensive } he hardly ever come hare . I go to he place , wort cool . hank fox share . amy ( 0,5 . } Weil , do not ask then . it be work just fine thet way . ext amy house day 37 on the sidewalk now , in front of Amy 's house , a beautiful old vietorian in rivardale . she 's visible in a upstairs window , check outside again . the conversation continue as '' purply BMW piilis up int the foreground . a | 27 28 a3 30 28 . 02/32/2003 continued : 27 mort { 0.8 . ) you should have he over more . it 's a nice house . y like it . I love it , that 's why I buy it . a man getx out of the car . ' hd , the male half of the naked = '' couple , get out and head toward the house , wave to the upstairs window . int amy house ~ upstair hall day 28 Amy turn away from the window abruptly . amy goodby , nort . tt nort' livirg room dat 25 mort hang up hard withont ' another word . be grab at the air in intense frustration , why do I de that , why do I fuck it up like that , what be the matter with I . hort puck fuck stupid stupid ... be grab '' walk stick that 's propped in '' corner . @natch of heavy shirt off a hook . and the front door slam behind he , in front of the fireplace , bump lifte hia head , mildly indignant . you can not go fer a walk without I . cor to : ext path by the lake day 30 a rock skip two , three , four time across the smooth surface of the lake . mort stride along the lake path , try to walk off the phone call . . he reach a place whare the lakeside path fork . he take the right -hand branch climb '' steep bank back up to the road . as he reach the top , thes sun come out from behind a clond and he own long shadow appear in front of he , lead hin forward , point the way -- ~~ toward the pair of dusty yellow work shoe at the top of the bill. dohn shooter lean againat he old pord station wagon , arm fold acrose he chest , wait , be if be know ail along mort would arrive at this spot , at this tim . mort do not allow himself to stop , but can not help a littis hitch in he stride . he stop about six foot short of shooter , open he mouth to spask , but the other man speaka first . @ be . 02/12/2003 30 contirded : 30 shooter you taad it ? mort stare at he . his finger tighten on the walk stick . €mort I do . shooter I dmagine it rany a bell , do not it ? sort tt cartainly do . when do you writa it ? shooter I think you would ask that . mort well , sure , that 's the whole point , be not it ? when two writer show up with the same story , it 's all about who write the word first . would not you sey that 's trae ? shooter I suppose I would . I suppose that 's why I cama all the way up hexe from Mississippi . & car approach , a scout . mort turn , wave to the driver , toh greenlerf , a aiderly man in '' flannel shirt . tow wave back . shooter raise a hand slightly , tip a finger in Tom 's direction in a practice , country sort of way . then turn calmly back to mort . shooter {cont ’d} now what ware we say ? mort we be try to establish provenance . theat mean shooter I know what it mean . I know i'm wear shitkicker clothes and drive a shitkicker car and I come from a long line of shitkicker and maybe that make I a shitkicker myself , but it do not necessarily make I a stupid whitkicksr . @. 30 22 . 92/12/2003 continued : ( 2 ) ae mort let 's cut past the bullshit , okay ? whan do you write the story , Mr. shooter ? shooter maybe sy name 's not shooter . maybe that 's just '' peo name . mort well , what 's you real one ? shooter I do not say it waa not ; = only say maybe . either way , that 's sot pert of we business . he stop , aquinta up at a cloud , watch it move past the sun . mort follow he gaze , then turn and shake he head -- why be I even talk to this guy ? shooter {cont would } Seven yeer ago . 1995 . mert suppress tha surge of victory that run through hin . kort why would you walt so long ? my book of short storey be publish in ' 96 , that 's #ix year ago . shooter because I do not know . do not run acrop it till I be on a bus trip to jackgon six month ago . selling ny daizy farm to a fella up there own a lot of dairy farm in miss'ippi . be think with a little more monay , I vonld write day , when my mind 's freah , instead of just after dark . picked you book off one of they wire rack in the rexall , just grab the first book my hand happane on . I read the first half a dozen storey the way up . I do a't think thay be any great shake , but they pass the time . hort thank you . sacred e . eae 23 . 02/12/2003 comtinued : ( 3 ) 36 shooter ( study he for a second ) be not offer you any real complimant . mort yeah , I get that . shooter ( shrug ) anyway , I read two more go back ... and then that on . my story . how would you get it ? that 's what 7 really want to know , how in hell do a big-money seribbling asshole like you get down to a ldttle shitaplat town in Mississippi and steal xy goddam story ? I would like to know why , too , unless you steal ali the other one as well , but the how of it will be enough to satisfy I right now . émort ( pisge off ) Drop it . shooter Drop it ? Drop it ? what in heli do you mean , drop it ? mort you say you write you story in 19595 . Z write mine dn late ' 92 . it be publish for the firat time da June of 1993 , in a magazine . wice try , but I beat you by two year , Mr. shooter , or whatever you name be , if anybody 's get a bitch about plagiarism , it 's I . shooter move fast , grab hold of mort 's upper azm , hard , he thumb really digging in . he spin he around , slam bin against the cer and lean into he face , forehead to forehead . shooter you lie . more the fuck I de . not one to be push around , mort lunge forward against shooter , send he stumbling two or threa step backward . shoctar tense , about to rush forward , then forcibly etop himself , just stand there , vwain bulg with fury . e - oe . 24 . 62/12/2003 ( 4 ) 30 shooter prove it . hort I do not have to prove a thing toe you , go look for yourseif . ellery Queen 's mystery Magazine , June , 2933 . shooter and how be I suppose the find that ? hort Hell , T will give you on . it 's at wy , uh my wife 's house in town . I have get averything I write down thers . shooter '' you wife 's house ? " what the hell dee that mean ? mort what do you think , you fuck cracker ? T be in the middle of a divorce . shooter contemplate strangling Mart to death . shooter we keap on this way we be gonna have a fight . sort ( not fearful , just direct } I do not want thet . seooter part of you do , fart of you want just that , you strike I a the kinda guy who 's on tha ' lookout for a bead he can knock off with a shovel . sut what you do not anderstand ie thet if we do atart to fight , it 's aot gonna end until one or the other of we be dead . hort {low and even} xr have have a bad fuck six month , pol . really ... trp I . shooter ( study bin ) . this other house , the one you wife have now . it 's downstate ? ec - 28 . 62/12/2003 30 '' continued : ( 5 ) 36 mort hone of you business . shooter neans yes . she 's there now ? mort honea of you business . shooter means yes . ( think ) I will give you three day , nor ? that 's vary ganerougs of you . shooter do not you make light of I , go . I be try my bast to hold my temper , and do a pretty good job of it , but -- he lean over and reach through the open window of he car . mort tense and take a step back . mort what axa you do ? beooter just gattin ' m'smoke . hold you water . he pull hin arm out of he car , a rod package of pall Malle in he hand . he sheke one out , offerg another to nort . mort I do not smoke . shooter ( light up ) Three day . you call you sx and get she to sand you the magazine with you story in it , if there be much a magazine . and I will be back . mort I do not want to call she . shooter '' course you do not , there be not aay magazine , be why ; I think we beth know that . @ 30 31 26 . 62/12/2003 _. a6 continued : ( 8 ) shooter go win ? if 2 show it to you , you will go back the wherever the hell you come from and leave mar alone ? I mean , be this even worth it or be I waste my time ? to the door of he car and open it . shooter right be right and faix be feir . the first thing 1s to gat you to a@ place where you see I have really get you , and you can not wiggla out of this sass the way you have probably be wiggling out of the ness you 'va make ali you life . that 's the first thing . he get in the car and slam the door . shooter {cont would } the second thing be the real reason T coma . mort uh buh . and what 's that ? shooter we will get to it . meantimsa you think about what 's right and what 's fair and how thing oughta end , sort okay . ( pause ) you realize you be insane , right ? , shooter you do not think ' anybody would evar catch you out , do you ? he hit the gas and pull away , leave mort stand alone by the edge of the road , envelop in swirl dirt and dust . hort ( shout after him} always a pleasure to meat 4 reader ! cur to : iwr cabin - kitchen day $ 1 lunch . a bowl of soup and a can of peanut . untouch . '' al 32 27 . 02/12/2003 continued : 3h mort 's sit at the kitchen table , azus fold on it , staxing down inte the chicken noodle , unzove . bump the dog sit next to the table , look at mort , then at mort 's food , then at mert , then at mort 's food , you don with that ? finally , mort turn , leck across the reem , at the telephone . he stare at that for a while , then look back into he soup . mort ( like a kid} I do not wanna oali she . ha look up at the clock over the sink . 4:12 . he turn , look through the opan door to the live reom . he see the couch . gaze longingly at the couch , more like . ba turn and look et bump , who 's stare up at he expectantly . mort look buck at the phone . then back at bump . rump stand up ~~ we do somathing ? hort ( cont no ) ( to bump ) wo , no nap . I give she a call about the magazine . then I write some more ezap for a , then T get to take a nap . at ? bump turn and limp toward the deor . obviously not get any food from this joker . hort ( cont would ) seriously , bump , let 's gat the work . bump reach the kitchen door and push through a doggie door at the bottom , head outside . mort ( cont have ) no wonder you be not publish . int live rook day 32 in the iive room , a phone bang down on the coffes table . mort sit on the couch , stare at it . ook to he leave , to the pillow , which still hold the indentation where he head rastad during he last nap . he look back at the phoma and clap he hand tegsther perposelully . mort right . 32 33 34 28 . 2/12/2003 continued : 32 he reach for the phona -- ~~ and unpluga the cord . he lie back on the couch , settles the pillowe in they familiar position , get they exactly right , one light punch in the center for the dant -- «= and be leta he head fall slowly onto it as darkness creep in around the corner of the screen , wash the whole thing -- black . int cabin - live room night 33 nighttime in the cabin . mort 's eye be still close ard he head ip drift , roll , lolling off the couch , but as he and he bedy reach the edga , there 's nothing underneath , no floor , just a sheer dropoff that give way to a rocky path a hundred foot below . he lose he balance on the wdge of the couch and falis , scream -- ~- to the floor . Nice way to wake up . hs sit up , look around , orient himself . night fall while he be aslesp and be 's in a darken house . he climb back onto the couch , turn on a light . soquint at he watch . 16:26 . he 's sleep for six hour . wort shit . be sit back on the couch , colla he head . he 's horribly stiff . he notice the phone in front of he , remember the call he 's be avoid . mort [ cont would ] tanned rest and ready . he pick up the receiver , be momentarily puzzle by the lack of dial tone , then remembar ha pull the cord . he gate up and go to pick it up , than freeze . from this angle , he can see cout the front window , to the porch . be 's isoking st the garbage cabinet , and there 's something on it . two somethings , actually , a white somathing and a dark somathing . still not plugging tha phone in , he get up and head fer the doar . ext porch bight 34 the porch light comez on . mort walk out the front door and stop dead in he track , stare straight ahead . ° , ae 23 . 02/12/2003 continued : 34 the white something plone the the garbage cabinet be a 6 1 / 2 by 11 sheet of type paper . a few word be print on it in big , bold , easy the read stroke : fou have three day . I am hop joking . bo police . mort 's eye move slightly to the leave , to the other something . the other something be bump . hort 's dog be pin to the door of the garbage cabinet with a screwdriver . Dead . hort oh God ] oh josue ! he whirl around suddenly , adrenaline pour inte he blocdatrean . he shout into the darkness . mort ( cont have ) where be you ?! hie head swivel , he lock six dirsction all at once . mort [ cont no ) get out eere , you sow of a bitch ! show you face , you fucking coward ! Ho response . mort stand there , hand curl into fist , ready for a fight , but the only one willing to angage he be '' dog that bark in the distance . he turna and look back at bump . he 's alona , all alone , aot - even a pat anymore , mort [ cont have ) oh no ... oh sump ... he approach the garbage cabinet , he stomach roll ovar on he . cold swaat break out on he forehead ag he get closer . bump 's head be cocked far to the leave . her tooth ara bare and she tongue 's hang out . there 's a little bleed around the blade of the serevdriver at the point where it be drive inte ber ruff . hort ( cont have ) oh ged , bump ... I be so sorry you ... oh , bump . mort crumplea up the sheet of paper , stuzif it in he back pocket , then pute bis hand on bump 'a chest , the body shift slightly , still hang on the screwdriver , mort grimace , think he might peuk , but nesd to finish this . 34 3 36 a0 . 02/22/2003 continued : ( 2 ) 36 he close hia other hand around the screwdriver 's chip red handle and pull it free . / he toss the screwdriver aside and flip open the door of the garbage cabinat . he toss the iid off one of the trash can and gentiy place buup 's body inside , tear roll down he choek . he whisper . mort {cont ‘d} I will bury you in the morning , girl . he gently replece the garbage can lid , close the door , and turn around , pear out inte the night . he 's out there somewhare in the dark . wort jeant have ) t°ll get you for this . . oshout at tha top of he leng } i'll fucking get you for this ) int cabin niget 35 click ! the front door lock , deadbolt turn . slam ! mort close the badreom window , turne the lock on top of it . another click , two of ‘em , this time the back door , both lock , and for good measure hort slide a chair up under the knob . two more window , the roof access panel , and the house be secure . mert stand in the middle of the live room , breathe hard . what be once of refuge do not seem so anymore . cur to ; ext rack yard dawn 36 hort be silhouett against the daw , digging in the dirt patch behind the house , the one whare its old and new seotion come together in a kl , he shovel earth back into a small grave , he finish , tamp it down , and look out at the lake , into the fiery sun . he 's sweaty and angry , but calm , he look down at the shovel in he hand , hett it . 36 37 31 . 02/12/2003 continued : 36 bhooter be right , mort would clock somabody with a shovel if he get the chance , and that somebody be John shooter . cur to : iat sheriff' office dae 37 a large badg , paint on & storefront window in town . undernsath the badge the word tashmore lake sheriff' officcz , but we 'ra inside the office , so the letter be backwarde to we . ° dave kewsome ( 0.5 . ) bump ?! he kill jump ? mort sit across the desk from dave newsome , seventy or so , wear jeans and a shariff 's shirt . Dave work on he needlepoint while he talk . kort hast night , maybe around nine , I be asleep . he leave this . he slide the note scrass the desk , the warning that be stick to the cabinet naxt the bump . deve lean over and read it , still do he nesdlepoint . he shake he heed and tsk . dave newsoh " Ho police . '' anytime somebody go and write '' no police " that 's just about exactly the time a fella need to get himself over to the police . mort that 's what X figure , I have get '' detailed desoription of he , he car ... I do not gat the license plate saumber , but it 's from Mississippi . he slide another piece of paper ecross the desk to hewsoma , who doas not notice , what with the needlepoint and all . dave rewsohe get a sister - in - law in missiseippi . mort anything you can find out about this gay , I would sure appreciate it . dave kewsome my brother 's widow . mort see if be have a violent history , let I kaow what I '' deal with hers . ( # orb ) ec a7 38 a2 . 02/12/2003 continued : . 37 mort ( cont no ) of course , if you could find he and talk to he , that 's even better . owlide it closer ) here 's that dascrip- dave newsche 80 you get yourself a member of the crazy folk tribe . mort ( shrug ) they pop up once in awhile . price of welling a few book . anyway , here 's that description . dave wensome killing a dog ia not like kill 4 man , of course . wot sure if it 's even a crime , come to think . mort of course it be ! what about animal sruelty ? ox at least destruction of private property . kewson stop he neadlepoint and rub he hand in pain , : dave newsome needlepoint . ( can you believe it ? Doc gay it 's good for the arthritis . I must cut quite a intinidate law enforcement figure , hub ? hort yeah . dave newsome opick up paper and pen} how , I '' go to need a description ... mort leok at he and - =+ : cur to : ext hew york CITY Day 36 '' - there 's a unexpected cut , to the skylin of manhatten . ' the camera zip over to '' desk , wa be in a offica . kew kelsce sit '' behind the desk , big beefy guy , tattoo under a brook Brothers anirt , formar rypd twenty yaar and a couple million later . brawn and business together . relsch do you steal it ? or 33 . 02/12/2003 continued : 36 mort be sit across from hin . hort what ? will ! kelsch kind of a amazing coincidence , do not you think ? fhe storey be so mach alike , mort well , obviously , the guy copy it from mar . whose side be you on ? relsce your . but I still need to know the truth , which kind of situation be this , be be a regular wacko like you have have before , in which case I can help , or be this something you should be talk to you lawyer about ? mort ignore the slight blush that rise io hie cheek , look Ken in the eye , sort this guy the just crazy , Ken . that 's all it be . Ken look at he for a long moment , decide whether or not to believe he . kelsch okay . what do you want I to do ? mor ? ralp . you handle that other lonatic . hada he go away . kelsch talk fast and squeeze a vtrea ball , the polar opposite of Dave newsome . xelece he be not taigz crazy . that guy be just a obsessed readar who could not tell real life from the crap you make up for a live , wo offense . he do not have «a bett like this one . when somebody think thay ' va get a legitimate grievance it up the stake about a hondre time . this guy shooter , do he threaten you life ? ec cf eo % 34 . 02/13/2003 38 continued : { 2 ) ort hot in so many word . kelsce well , he do bresk a law with the deg , but it do not seam to be a very dupertant lew in tashmore Lake . you sheriff hayseed wust be a cat person , mort call I paranoid , but ft do not exactly feel safe with a arthritic seventy year oid local sheriff watch ny back , will you halp mar out , Ken ? selsch ocheck hia schedule book} uh ... I be on a trail - the-tail right now but I think she 's onto I , I be gonna hand it off anyway . Christ , I have not sleep in a week . I get a corporate doyalty thing I getta be back for on griday , but I could give you a couple aye . he pull a mote pad around and tap a discreet time clock on he tick tisk tick , dollar dollar dollar . he pick up the description mort have write out and baging to study it . mort my story come out in ea magazine a couple year before he write hie . I have get a copy of the original magazine at asy 's house , I be go to stop by and get it on the way back upstate . relsch '' kny 'a house ? " mort leok away . damn , another person I have not tell yat . . _ bort we split up about six month ago . kelsch shit . I be sorry . more $ of be I . kelscr amicable ? e C @ 38 4 86 < continued : 35 . 02/12/2003 {3 } 38 mort wot at first . better lately . kelsch what happen ? you finally sail one of you groupy at soma book signing ? {im picture the cmaha barne and hobie . mort just stare at bin levally . unamuse . kelsch ( cont would ) that be a dick thing to say . rotten profession , make you into a insensitive prick , I apologize . you be say ? hort it 's juat proof shooter want , so , fine , I will get the magazine and shove it in hie face if that ' 1l get hia to leave I alone . maybe you could come with I when I show it to hin . relsce Ho ahit I be come with you . and i¢ T ao much as do not like the way he breather , I get a .38 caliber dick r'11 bury in he ass . for the first time in a while , mort smile . feal in good hand . at the door , kelsch ( cont would ) you remembex my rate ? mord {getting up to leave ) a obscene fortune , right ? relsch yaah , plus '' little for inflation . you will see a black lincoln in the driveway tonight when you get home . do not freak out , it 's I , keaping a ay on thing . get a good night 's wlesp , you da not look ao hot . mort turn back , mort Ken . that other gay , a couple year ago . how would you scare he off ? ec -_ 36 . 02/12/2003 36 continued : ( 4 } 38 kedsce {doasn not look up } you do not wanna know . more coma on , I might use it in a book same time relsch ( laugh , still doesn 's t leok up } you do not wanna wort ro , really . 5 kelech finally look up . he 's not laugh any more . , fe kelsce : you do not want the know . ' cur to : 33 int mort‘s car pusx : 39 mort driva up the West side highway a the mun set over the Hudson . he see the exit for riverdale , just north of the city . he take '' deep breath . flexes he hand on the wheel as he steer the car off the highway . 40 ext reverdale STREET dusk 40 the sky in darken on a street in suburban riverdale , Amy 's neighborhood . mort 's car turn a corner and head toward we . 4l int mort car busk 4. mort reach out and flick on the light . ' the car creepe to a halt acrose the strest from Amy 's houwe . but mort do not get out , ea sit there , stare . change to he point of view , wa see what ha 's stare at -- a purple shw , parksd in front of he house . ser house . mort stare at the car . look up to the house , see a couple light on . one be downstairs , might be the live room . the other in upstairs . could be the bsdroom . & shadow pass behind the window shade in the bedroom . then another shadow . there 's two people up there . mort stare . the light in the bedroom window flicka ont . ec fs 4i 42 af . 02/12/2003 continued : 42 downstair , one of the light im the front of the house flick off . somebody open the front door -~ it 's tad , ready to leave . he turn , call back to Amy . mort put he hand on the gear shift , to get out of there . aut then he change he mind , reach out and flick off the headlight instead . hunker down a bit in the seat . now the other light in the frout of tha house flick off and Amy coma out with Ted . she 's carry a light bag over one . shoulder . mort watch as Ted open tha passenger door for Amy and she get into he car . Ted coma around to the other side , get behind the wheel of he purple BMW , and drive away with mort 's wite . mort let he head fail forward till it bang softly off the steering wheel . cor to : ext cabin night 42 slam ! mort park in the driveway back at hia cabin and climb out of the car . t's black - dark , but there 's enough of a moon that he can see Ken kelsch 's town car park in he driveway , juat as be say it would be . mort walk over to it , feat cruncring on the gravel . as be draw closé , he aess kelech 's outline in the driver 's seat . ke 's upright , bot not move . in fact , he 's slump against the driver 's side window , mort miss a step ; be 's think what we be think . be walk closer . kelsch 's head be ligt at a odd angle . mort raise a hand to kneck on the window , he reach out slowly , doea not really want to know the result , xelsch be aither go to turn and look up at he or he 's not , and if he dosa not , the shooter problem be a lot bigger than he think . his hand draw closer to the window , closez , it 's a dnch away -~- w~ - and kelsch sit bolt upright and whip he head toward kort , catch in a catnap . mort : kelsch gesus | christi they both recoil and laugh too bard , breathe deeply az they get over it . 42 '' 43 38 . 92/12/2003 42 continued : mort scare the abit out of I ... kelsch got out of the car , stretch . a little embarrassed . relsch sorry about that . this week musta finally catch up vith as . mgrt this be very reassure . kelsch relsx , hemingway -~ ocheck he watch } -~ I be out tan minute , sweer to God . I already check the place , everything 's fine . just waitiag for you to get back to let you know . sort you stick around tonight ? kelsc # not unless you want I to . mort look ovar at the house . look . awfully dark and spooky from here . ee look back at kon. nort {reluctant } I be sure it 's fine , kelsch let 's take one more look . mort tf you insist . int cabin riget 43 mort stand in the middle of the live room , look around . the frent deor hang open , all the light area on in the place , Ken 's voice cone from upatair , a loft-like arsa that take up half the house . eelsch ( 0.8 . ) no monstere up here ! he come cut of a hallway and start down the etair . e_ % a a3 continued : 33 . 02/12/2003 43 hort '' fun of binselt } do you check under my bed ? kelsce even in you toy chest . I will be back in the morning , start ask around in town . find cut who else see you nutjop . he reach the bottom , take he jacket off the banister . mor ? Tom greenleaf . kelsce bub ? hort start by ask Tom greenleaf , he life in town , I be talk to shooter yesterday on Lake drive , about half a mile north of my placa . Tom game by in hia scout . he wave at we when he vent by , and both of we wave back . Tom mist have get a good look at he . relsch Tom greenleaf . hew do I get a hold of he ? mort Drop by bowia 's store around nine , that 's when be get he coffee . kelsch ohead for the door ) get it . do not worry . once I find out where this shooter 's stay , I '11 stop in for a little freak - I - out chat , use the word '' we " a lot . '' we know what you be do . " '' we want it to stop . * '' we be watch you . '' handy thing about a schizophrenic , it 's net hard to convince ‘em there 's a conspiracy . hort make you think he 's a schizophrenia ? kelsch well he ain not what you call normal . trust I , he will hit the road ao hard it all hit back . . ag 45 47 a3 a3 46 . 02/12/2003 ext drivewat night a 4 kelsch get back in he car and slam the door . int cabin siget 43 mort close the front door aud hang hie car kaye on a hook , oid habit . toss bis jacket over 's chair . alone new , hea turn end look inte the cabin . he walk further inte the live room , under its cathedral sell , toward the window - wall face the lake . he can not see anything in the window sxcept himself , the light from the lamp make it a mirror . ee look at himself for a moment , see how scared he look . he see the reflection of the second floor =~ -~ and see movament up there . or be it a bat fly past tha windew outside ? mort spin around and look up to the loft . ext drivewae wight kelsch 's engine roar the life , he headlight flick on . 46 int cabin niget 47 mort , stand in the middle of the live recom , lick he lip , he mouth go dry . Sea 's stare up at the loft . because of ita shade , the lamp down here throw most of its light upwards , the vertical bar in the railing upstairs throw exaggerated shadow on tha wall and ceiling , they look like bare of a jail cell . mort apeak ; it come out in a soft croak , wort bello ? 2 driveway night 48 tirera spin on grevel as kelach turn he car around and haad down the driveway . int cabin night ag mort ig still stare up at the loft , hort be somebody up there ? 49 41 . 02/12/2003 cowpinoed : ag no response -~ except for a soft scratching sound from up there . mort turn quickly , see Ken 's headlight flash past he front | windew and disappear up tha driveway . Ken 's go . mort 's alone . hort ( go would ) {softly } bit . he think ~~ be I be ridiculous ? maybe , but why take chance ? he walk seftly over the the fireplace , not sure why he 's tiptose , but move stealthily . he reach out and gently lift tha ash - shovel from a cack of fireplace tool , considera it , then put it down and taka the poker instead . fe turn toward the upstairs , brandish the poker , but uncomfortable with it . he walka to the stair . and begin to climb they . slowly . deliberately . re reach the second fisor landing and pause , he heart pump in he chest , try to breathe silently . the door the the quest room be on he leave , whe deer to the bathroom be on hie right . both door be ajar . mort stand stock still , poker hold aloft , sweat cun out of he heir and down bis cheek , attempt to work up the aerve to open one of that door , but which on , which one have the prize , or doas either one , and he 's just about to go back downstairs -- ~~ when he hearse it again . louder this time . a definite scratching sound from the upstairs bathroom . his eye widen . he turn hie head ever so slightly toward it , take about tan second the turn six inch . the scratching come again ...‘ then silence . hort ( cont would ) {suddenly quite loud ) I know you be in thare , fuckhaad ! no answer . mort wipe sweat ott the back of he neok with he free hand . he take a step forward . from he new angle , he can juat sea through the open bathroom door -~ ~= and de saeg shooter . or e * 43 a2 . . 02/12/2063 continued : ( 2 ) 49 well , he see a figure . okay , it 's impossible to say whether it 's shooter or not , but there 's a silhouette in there , there 's somebody in there , and who the hell alse would it be ? the figure im in the bathroom , just past the sink , prease into the far corner , and he too be hold a weapon aloft , something long and hard in hia hand , just wait to clock mert over the head with it . but mort have a advantage , shooter apparently have not see hin . mort {cont would } you pick the wrong writer to fuck with ! I nve be want to kill semsbody since last merch and you will do au well as anybody ! bo answex . no movement . hort look to the cther decor , through which '' deuble bed iz visible . clearly a bedroom . he look again to the bathroom door , saas shooter still hide in there , nearly the pane position . hort think . speak calmly , but the shake in he woice betray hort ( cont would ) I know you be in the bedroom ! he take a step toward the bedroom door , put hia ayss be darting like crazy to the bathroom . . mort ( cont would ) I be count the five ! tf you be not out of the bedroom by the time I get there , I be come in swinging ! you hesr mar ? he take another stap toward the bedroom , now present he back to tha bathroom doar and nervous as hell about it , but the man have a plan . hort ( cont would ) onei sweating profusely , he take ancther step the ths bedroom door , now tully in front of it , bis back completely expose to the half - open bathreom doer , wort [ cont no ) two ! I close he finger lightiy around the bedreom doorknob , 43 50 43 . 02/12/2003 continued : { 3 ) 43 mort ( cont would ) thr= he leta go of the bedroom door and suddenly launch himsel ? backwards , slamming inte the bathroom door with everything he 's get . iw the bathroom , the door slam into the wail hard encugh to chop through the wallpaper and pop the door 's lowar hinge . mort plow inside fast , straight toward shooter , poker hold aloft , roaring with rage , and gheoter 's come right back at he , also with a raise weapon , eye wide and insane , utterly insane , he tooth bare in a killer 's grin . mort bring the poker down in a whistling overhand blow and have just enough tim to wince as he realize that shooter be also swinging 2 poker , and the realize it be not shooter swinging at all but it 's hin , 50 it 's just he reflection . too late the stop , he shashes the pokar into the bathroom mirror . the ailver - back glass spray every which - way , twinkle in the gloom , and the medicine cabinet falle into the sink , its bent door swing open like a gape mouth , spilling bottle of cough syxup and icdine and lysterine . mort reach out and flick on the light , survey the damage , chest heaving . he laugh suddeoly . mort £ kill a fuck mirror . be 's about to toss the poker aside when ha hear that scratching sound again and something movea in the tub behind he . he whirl sxound and slashes sideways with the poker , tear a jag gaeh through the corrugate plastic shower door and knock it off ita track . he raise the poker over he shoulder , step forward , and peer into the shower . a tieldmouse scurries frantically in tha tub , desperately try to claw ite way up the smooth porcelain side . mort look at the poker in hig hand , he 's grip it so hard there be trace of blood where he fingernails dig inte he pal . es '' 36 52 52 §3 54 44 . 02/12/2003 continved : bo fe reach out with bis other hand , pries he own finger off the handle , and toss the poker aside with a clang . be take a hand towel from the rack , bend over the tub , and in one quick gesture scoops the mouse inte it , pinching tha towsl togethar at the top . he turn and walk out of the bathroom , past the lean door with its pop hinge , he shoe gritting on break mirror glass . rut cabin - live room night sl show more purpose than we have see in a while , mort come downstairs and head directly to the Little study in the hack of the housa . int cabin ~ study nige ? mort bang on a light and search the desk with one hand , the other still hold the towal with the squeaking mouse inside at . mort find what he be look for ~- the ancient pack of lém 's , now down to just two half - flattenead cigarettes . $ 2 int cabin ~ live room riget 53 mort scoops up a box of fireplace match from the hearth end head for the back door . ext cabin ~ lake side siget 54 mort come out the back door of the cabin and stare out at the wine - dark lake , glint under '' half moon . he band down and open the towel , let the mouse scurry off int the safety of the darkness . mort atand up , shove the Lam betwaen he lip , raie a match to the scratchy side of the box and give it a long scrape -- -~ which illuminate jobe shooter ( really thia time ) , stand xight beside he . shooter think you do not smoke . miraculously , wort manage to hold the acream of sheer terror inside he throat , the only physical evidence of he shook be the hesitation in he match hand , which quiver a faw inch from the end of he unlit cigarette . ec ane e C sa 45 , 02/12/2003 contibued : 54 semshow , he manage to resume lighting the butt , shake out the mateh , and toss it away . he take a deep drag . it seam to caln he , 8s speak levally , but it 's a spitiess voice , smoke choke he lung . mort pook it up recently for my health . shooter how be you , hr. rainey ? mort exhalea a cloud of suck . hort I be tine , Mr. shooter . how about you ? mort 's aye be search , look for some kind of weapon , anything , shooter I be - a country fair . sut I do not think you be really all that well . stealing from another mas , that do not seem to have ever bother you none . be gaught up on , though ... that seem to have give you the pure misery . mort what be you talk about ? shooter well , it sound like you pitch a fit or something in there . shout ... whack on thing ... ox maybe it 's just that successful writer like you throw tantrum when thing do not go the way they expect . be that it , maybe ? mor ? the magazine with the story in it be at my hougze in town . mort 's sye dart -- «a lawn chair , a stack of firewood , a shovel stick in the dirt . a shovel ! . shooter why do not you get it ? you be down there today , be not you ? hort | how do you know that ? ec en 54 a6 . 62/12/2063 cortinubd : ( 2 ) 54 shooter Way do not you go inside ? ' stead of just sittin in you car like '' damn fool ? shit . he follow ma. iit . mort try to keep he voice level as he start to walk casually toward the shovel . shooter move with he , stay just barely in the light . mort when I yat the story and show it to you , will you leavsa mar aslsna ? beooter . {lazily amused } there be not any magazine with that atory in it , mx. rainey . you and I , we know that . wot from 1993 , thera ie not . how could there be , when my story be not there for you to steal until 19957 wort God damn it , I do not steal you st - shooter no , not all of it , ' true enough . hot the best part , hort what do you want ? tell I ! what in the hell do you want ? shooter you want the second reason I come , be that it ? hort yas ! mort reach the shovel , turn so that he 's in front of it , block its view from shooter . shooter I want you to fix it . hort what ?! shooter my end . the one you wreck . can not dacide what 's worse , steal my stary er ruin the and . nmorei . a7 . 02/12/2003 54 sonrinued : ( 3 ) 54 shooter {cont would } C ~ most important part of a story , the e@ . end . mine wes perfect , it be a xeal and , not that pheny crap you shove in . _ orecite with contempt } '' he look in she eye and sew ber face as be have first know it , av if {t be ten year ago and ooue of this hed ever happen . ae fall to the ground and into she embrace , down in the dirt , down in the place where new thing grow . " you hava get to be pardon my langoage fuck kid I , Mr. rainsy . fut it back the way it ought to be . hort I do not even remember you end . shooter oh , I bet you do . it 's hard to forget . orecite fxon memory } " be know I can do it , '' Todd downey say , delping himself the ancther aar of carn from the steaming bowl . " I be sure that > , in time ter death vill de 2 aster i even to I . '' that 's bow the sto ! e end , pilgrim , it 's the only end . you 'xa gonna write it for I and get it publish , and it 's gonna have oy name on it . right have get to be put right . mort sneak one hand behind bis back , feel for the shovel handla . he speak , he voice thick with rage . : hort : the only thing I all write for you ie you death - warrant , if you do not leava I alone . . Long pause . shooter eye he , see where mort 's hand ia go . . shooter saw that wife of yours , comin 's out of the house . ( exaggerated countryisn } Shea 's porty - mort 's fingar close around the shovel handle . mort oo leave she ott of it . 54 53 43 . . 92/12/2003 somtinded : ( 4 ) 54 shooter would if I could , but I '' startin’ to - think you be not go to leave I that option . mort yank the shovel from the dirt and swing it around by the handle , straight toward shooter 's head . shooter stop it with one band , lay hie cther on it and shova back . mort stumble over the pile of dirt and land on he ~ back , the wind oorrhg out of he . shooter fall on he , hold the shovel with both hand , prass it down on mort 's Adam 's apple . mort choke , shooter spit word at he . shooter ( cont would ) De you want to wake up from one of you stupid nap and find Amy natlad to you qazbage bin ?! or turn on tha radic seme morning and hear she come off wecond hest in '' match with the chainsaw you keep cut in the shed ?! mort summon he strength , whieb be considerable , and great than shooter 's , and hurl the man off he . shooter land on he foot as mort roll over to he hand and kneas , gag and choke . shooter ( cont would ) {ealely ) you can not get away with it . do not you yealize that yet ? he bend down and pick up he bat , dueta it off and seta it back on he head . shooter {cont 'dj tt know what you do , and I be not quit till right get put right . on the ground , cough up apit and bleed , mort watch as shooter walk away across the yard . ° cur to : mnt cabin ~ bathroom biget 55 the shattered chunks of mirror be still on the floor of the bathroom upsteira . lock at twenty - six shard , wa see twenty - aix mort rainey come at as . his hand grow buge as he emach down and pick up the large shard , 53 56 57 58 43 . 02/12/2003 continued : 55 mort tuck the shard inte a corner of the door of the break medicine cabinet , shove the whole thing back into its hole in tha wall . he lean forward , look at he refiection in the shard . ee touch he neck gingerly , run bis fingertip over the distinctive red line leave where the shovel handle nearly choke he to death . cur to : int cabin ~ bedroch right 56 mort lie in bed , stare straight up at the call . right , like he 's gonns be able to fall asisep tonight . int cabin - office right 37 still night . mort 's computer screen comez to life . the cursor glick on the ns Word icon , then pick a file caly '' untity .* opan it . the antire page ia blank , it 's the story he delete the other day . just a blink cursor in a big field of white , mort , who 's sit at hia desk , stare at it ruefully . nort what , you do not writ anything while '' be go ? ne wonder you be not - he turn and jock at the leather chair bump alwey site in , but of course the chair 's empty tonight . yrergot for a second . mort stare at the empty chair for 's long moment . hen turn bask to he desk . he sreak down and sob . fade to black . ext amy House aigrt 58 Amy 's house . nighttime . mostly dark , but there 's a light on in one corner of the house , and as we creep closer the that light , we sac a silhoustt move in the window . jerk around , really , and as we get even closer we hear crashing , break sound . we draw clossr and gloser still , the curtain in the room be parte , we can see between they . the room must be mort 's old office , the walis be line with book ana bound periodicals , like the lake house , but many , many more . cy e * 38 so 56 . 62/12/2003 continued : 58 the figure ingide be the familiar form of shooter , cap by that creepy hat , which throw a crazy shadow om the far wail . he upend the desk , then picky somathing up off the floor , a bottle , look like champagn , that 's funny , and head for the door , atuff something in the neck of the bottle , look like a rag . be pause in the dooresy , scrape a Zippo and touch the ras , which immediately start on fire . he toss the bottle right at we . it land on the floor snd smashes . the room explode into flame , that be not not champagne in the bottle , that be gasoiin , and the window wa have creep up to shatter in we face . from the street , wa ase the ball of fire rise up from the corner of the dry old vietorian , take half the coof with it . this baby 's gonna burn like cordwae . cor of : tne cabin = live room == day . 53 daytime new . ' the unplugge phone cord lias on the floor in mort 's cabin , still a few feat from the phone it should he attach to . on the cough , the pillow be empty , the indentation ia atill there , but no head , where 's nort ? move leave , we find mort sit on the couch , stare straight shead , still in the clothes he fall aslesp in , bad head . no tell how long he 's bean awake , it look like he swing he leg over the edge of the couch and just stop in that position . he leck awful . ' that red line be atill across he throat . he notice the phone in front of he . leok to the floor , assert the unplugge cord , mustering all the ambition he have at the moment , he bend over and pick up the cord . ee look at the littla clip thing on its end , look at the phone , debate the merit of plugging dt in , decide what the hell , he reach over and jam the cord into the back of the phone -- -- which ring immediately . mort twitches . he 's jumpy anyway but you know , you hate it when that happen . 3 ywey , si. 02/12/2003 5 $ gortinded : 58 er sone a be that yeu , John Wayne ? {answer} helle . amy ( 0.5 . } mort ?! he 's relieved , at least it iwa‘t sheoter . : amy ( 0.8 . ) ( cont 'd ) mort , be you there ?! mort ? hort . yesh , Amy , Jesus , not se loud . what be at ? amy ( 0.8 . } where havea you bean ?! I have bean try to gat hold of you all night and this morning ! hort I be asleep . ' amy ( 0.8.3 you unplugge the phone ?! , moet how may I assist you , Amy ? amy ( 0.8 . ) @. oh God ... hort oconcern now ) what happen ? amy someone burn down we dousa / that 's what happen ! sud to : 600 soext amy house ~ ruin dat 6d mort gtand in front of the smcking hulk that be once the green vietezian he and Amy share at 92 Kansas Street in riverdale . he just stare at it , hia tace slack with shock and less . e * e ”* " 60 él 63 64 52 . 02/12/2003 continued : 0 the site be cordon off by police tape , there be three or four ops and two firs inspector pick carefully through the remaing . wort look at what use to be the house , we peer closely at he , then when wa see he point of view again -- kgrtas nental image - amy house ( new ) ~=- the house be back the way it use to be , same angle from the aidewalk , but the house be treshly paint aad clean on a summer 's day . Amy coma out of the house in '' business anit , puttiog shoe on as she hurry to she car , late for a mact . 62 mort come to the door in he boxer and shoute after she . mort bey lady , you only leave a hundred buck en the dresser ! you think I give it away ? tro old women pass on the sidewalk overhear . : amy ( embarrassed but laugh } shut op / ext amy rouse - rudy day 62 mort chcke back the emotione he feel . he look up , to where the third floor of the house use to be , and as he icck , it dissolves into place -- hort' mental image - amy house ( new ) 62 -~ and ths house be restore once more . now we be look more ghosady at a certain window , a window in a corner of the third ox . int | aky house ~ third floor day 64 thia room da one of that strangely shape but cool corner room you find in this kind of house . it 's be set up as a office , amy 's office . Amy be excited , talk to ua , show we something . amy it 's the best room in the house , at deast for I . down here , check it out . she bend down in a corner , shove some box cut of the way , revealing «a window in a odd place , down at floor level . you sould easily miss it 4 for you do not look for it . she slide down the wall next to it , point down . ada e '' * 64 `s 8g 67 53 . 92/42/2003 continued : 64 amy ( sont have ) see that little patch of dirt ? ths only place you can aee it be from up herve . I want the put a gardan thare . she pulis she knee up to she chest , stare happily out the window . ant ( cont would ) it 's a zecret window , and it look dow on a secrat garden . exd amy house + ruin day 65 back outside , look up at the third floor , and this time we can see Amy in the window , until she dissolves away , along with the house , the smoking hulk be all that remain . mort be move , now there 's a wistful amile on he face . rey ( 0.8 , } mort ! he turn , emile still on he lip -- ~~ until he aea Ted stride toward he with amy , hold she hand , suddenly , another -~ - mental image - motel room -~ ané this one be not nearly so pleasant . it 's moxt 's point of view of the ugly scene we see in the open . I storm inte the hotel room , Amy and tad struggle to cover they naked body , they all scream at each other -~ $ 6 eit amy house ~ ruin dat 6 ? ~~ and the wistful smile disappear from mort 's face , turn into something hard and hurt by the time thay reach bin . hort hi. be hug she , she hug hia back hard . over she shoulder , he max brief eya contact with Ted , who force a sami-polite grimace . eo e * ST a4 . 02/12/2003 continued : 7 horf [ cont n'di {aseftly , in she sar} I be sorry ebout all of this , Amy . Ali of it . really sorry . any so a I . ted islight Southern accent ) I too . wort {fuck you , tad ) thank you , Ted . Amy retreat to Ted 's side . wickersham , the fire chief , approach they with a police detective , BRADLEY . wickersham address tad and any . wickershak my. and Mrs. rainey ? Three response , 211 at once : auy moet yaa ? heo . ted uhh ... wickersham look back and forth , confuse . Amy take a step toward mort 's side . amy we be . wers . the owner . wicerrsham {now really confuse ) be ? you do not own it anymore ? Bradley give wickersham 2 look ~- figure it out , idiot . mort help bin . mort be Mr. and ur . rainey . Area the owner . wickersham ar . 5 ec 87 68 55 , 02/22/2003 gortinued : ( 2 ) 67 sradley I be Steven Bradley , I be a detective with the riverdale 7.d. , this le Fire chie ? kickeraham . we will not keep you lony , the insurance investigator nand the see you in the city at three . wickersham you 'xe definitely the victim of arson . the fire be start by a incendiary device make from a bottle of host chandon champagne and '' couple quart of plain old gasolina . BRADLEY bo let 's start with enemy . tou get any ? any he. wo one . ted hot a soul . mozrt look at ed , really irritate . mor ? okay with you if I answer thease , Ted ? Ted hold up he hand , okay , okay . mort turn to Bradley . hort {cont would } yes . I have a enemy . Amy look at hin . Bradley pull out he notabook . cur Tor tht insurance office day 68 back in the city , back in anothes office with a great view , this time at a conference table . Bradley and fran evan , on insurance investigator in she fifty , be on one side , Amy , mort , and tad be on the other , Amy sit betvean she two man . this mast be fun . evan Tim sorry I be not there to meet you this morning , = spend mozt of last night poke through the site with a flashlight and «a polezoid , tatep herself ) sorry . eroke ona of my own rule . ( more ) 68 continued : 56 . 62/12/2003 66 bvah {cont would } I do not like to call it '' the site . '' it be not a site , it be a house . you house , and I be very sorry for you loss . mort thank you ... be glance at she busicess card , which he 's hold in he hand . bory ( cont ‘d} --shra . evang , evan that etill say ur .7 ( tek ) Fran be fine . look , this masting be difficult . paople in you situation aze already upset , understandably so , and quite often they take the presence of a investigator as a accusation that they torch they own property . any T hava to admit , I do feel a little on the spot . thanks for bring it up . feed noda , ac viclently that he head might have be on '' . string , mort notice , just stare at he . Ali tad have to do be breathe to irritate hort . she put the bvane aad io this case we certainly seam to have a plausible suspect in this Mr. shooter , whom we people will investigate aggressively along with the pelice , but in tha meantime ... ( pull ont a file folder ) fhe hard part . - file on the table in front of they delicately . | byan ( cont would ) it 's a list of you claim inaurabis property . you look it over , than sign a affidavit swear that the item idete still beleng the you , and that they ware stili in the house when the fize oceur , anything that be o't there , put a chack , I be tell there be a -- {tiny pause} ( more ) | 57 . 62/12/2063 68 4 continued : ( 2 ) 88 bear evan {cont no ) > separation of residence recently , 36 &. thet last bit may be particularly : dapeortant . : . mort . we be in a diverse . it be not final yet . . amy the settieuent agreement be a 1 ] do , everything 's ready to go , we 'ze really just wait for it the be sign . ( with a quick glance at mort ) by both party . Ted look at nort teo , not such a quick glance . mort ignore thea . mort ( to Zvang ) T move ont # iz month age , but . have not get around to haul all my stuff out of the house yet . evan rr be down that road , thase thing just : have to follow they natural course , e thing wrap up when everybody 's ready for that to happen . worr ( a return quick glance at any that 's be my feel . evan De the best you can with the list . Amy look down st it . mort lean in over she leave shoulder . and Ted lean in over she right shoulder . amy notice and tip the file just a little bit in he direction so they can all ase at . mort be furious , but hold it in , he reach out and tipa the file back in he own direction . . amy mort ... mort go ( to Ted , softly livid ) : De you actually intend to rnbbarneck ? 88 69 58 . 02/12/2603 continued : { 3 } 68 the tanagion in the room be thick as cake frosting . for a moment no one say a word , detective Bradley 's eye move slertly back and forth between tha thres of then . finally : ted {throagh clench tooth } I hardly think - mort I be not go the freak out about this . but this be we stuff , Amy . our . ted it de not a if - amy bo , he 's right , Ted . evar he be , Mr. milner . the law say you have no right to be look at the list dtema st all . we wink at something like that if nobody mind ... bet I think hr. rainey do . hort yes . Mr. rainey mind a lot . aauy switch she unhappy look of appeal from mort to Ted . tad atare et hort evenly -- - ~ - and then turn to apeak to Amy , ignore everyone elise . ted would it help matter if I take a walk around the block ? mort Way not make it two ? CUT to : ing corridor day 63 the mest over , nort , Amy , Fran Evans , and bradisy walk down the hallway to the alevator . Evans and sradley be talk to one another in the rear , mort and Amy be in front . Amy put '' hend on mort 's arm and pull closez to he , e 63 59 . 02/12/2003 cortinued ; : 69 amy I be sorry about in there , about Ted . you have no idea how bard it be to be the one in the widdle . mort seas that she meana it and muster up some kindness . hort shitty situation . 80 fuck edult , nub ? she laugh dryly and nod . ' they reach the elevator . any mort , I want to ask you ... {she put a hand - on he aru} I do not want to upset you ... she look ever at Evans and Bradley , who be right behind the , but Evans ostch the look and she and Bradley retreat a few step down the haliway aad turn away politely . mort look at Amy , warm to she , be even concerned about she . mort what be it ? Amy turn back to mort , leane in cleser and lowar she voice confidentially . he put he hand on hers . ahy between you and ms , okay ? hort absolutaly . ary with whis gay shooter : hig story , I mean . mort , be this situation ... be it like the other tine ? mort 's warmth occl . he withdrawe he hand . he 's furious . mort look . that be the only time I ever do anything ramotely like that , it never happen before or since . I be just cut of grad achool , we ware break , we think you ware pregnant , renember all that ? axt okay , okay ... 60 . 02712 /2003 65 comtinued : { 2 } 69 ~ @. wort - it be stupid and desperate and I have for it . J pay the guy everything he ask and I have keep pay , believe I , every single night for about fifteen year , you be the only person who know about it besides tha lawyer , and aven though we be not together T expect you to keep it that way . any Fine . a horrible think strike he . he try to catch she eye . more you have not tell Ted , have you ? amt nuneenvince ) ne , mort hava you ? ea '' the elevator bing , the door open , and guess who step off . ted Wall , do I have timing or what ? kort yeah , I be sorry you have to miss that , feed . I know how mech you like ay thing . another awkward silence , which tad have have just about enough of . ted ( to mort ) we be go to talk for a minute . ma start to reach for mort 's arm , think better of it , and nod sharply over to a corner of the hallway . mort look at the other . hort Excuse mar , I be in trouble . in the corner , fy , mort joia Ted , who ds piss off , this be not a side of he be show when he 's with Amy . & 6l.. 02/12/2003 69 contender : ( 3 } 63 ted I have bad about snough of you bulishit . nort you have have enough ? ted martiage end . I be sorry . J do not and yours , it be over whan I get there . mort wow , you must have think she wedding ring be weird , then . . ted hevertheless , I apologize to you . month ago , I know yor do not want I in you lite -- guess what , I do not want you in mine either . but until you divorce be don there 's not much we can do about it . I just want you to know I decide a long time ago that I will not let you upset Amy any more than you already have . I be not cepare to let that happen . 80 iat *s ast wrap this up and gst out of each other 's life permanent . {a teothy , weird smile ) . okey ? be we gettin’ the message I be wendin' ? ted 's Southern accent be a bit stronger on that last lina . mort look at he , notice it . mort where be you from , teddy ? tzzp Tennessee . morty . . morr . really . think maybe Mississippi . txd no , long way from there . a little town callad shooter 's knob , tennessea . mort furrow he brow . do he hear what he think he hear ? eur to : ee 70 ti 72 62 , 02/12/2003 int mort car night 70 mort drive back to fashmere lak with he hand clamp to the steering wheel , he spine as straight as a ruler and he aye fix firmly on the yoad . he have the radio on , blast , try to stave off think . do not work . he snap the radio off , highly agitate . for tha first time , we hear he thought . { a aote about that -- mort 's thought do not come through clearly , like veice over . thay swirl end overlap , the way you thought do , soma just whisper , some louder than that , and some fraqment epoken out loud . } ort {inner voice } well that 's kind of a ( out loud ) fuck coincidance ( inner voice ) de not it ? he rub he head , think , think . mort ( cont would ) {inner voice ) maybe he know he {out lond ) send I a message _ ( dinner voice ) gonna fuck figare this out , taddy . he flick the radio back on , aven louder . cuf to : err carin higet 7 headlights spiash down the drivaway of mort 's cabin as a car pull in , the headlight stop , shine right on the cabin fron about twenty yard away . int mort 's car xi@x ? mort sit in the car , engine idling , leok arcund the property . no sign of another car . mort ( immer voice ) come of , kelsch ... {aloud ) five hundred a day and where the hell axe you when t need you ? fa 72 13 74 75 76 vw 63 . 02/12/2003 consinued : 72 re take one more look around , drop the car in gear , and pull right up to the front porch , just a few foot trom the first step . he pute it in park , kill the light , and get out . ex front porch wight 73 he climh the step quickly , key the frent door , and goss inside . tut cabiy rigg ? mort flick on a light and hang the key om the hook by the front door , sgamh and leck the door behind hin . the phone ring . 74 kort gee , I bet it 's good news . be reach for it . tur cheap kotel niget Ken kelach be sprawle out on the bright orange bedspread in 2 small town motel . a couple mini-bar bottle be open on the bedside table next to he , he 's drink bourbon end water out of a plastic bathroom cup . ' the cheeto losk good toc . kelsch {into tha phon ) where the hell you be all day ? 38 . int cabin - live rook night 78 mort 's stand in the live room , phone in hand . nort I might ask you the sawe question . krlsce ( 0.5 . ) relax , you be fin , I chack you cabin a hour ago . mort be show up right after you leave last night . mr motel nigest ff kelach sita up . 64 . 02/12/2003 | 77 coutinved : v7 '' : : ~ kelsch realiy ? when he hed a busy night . my office call I about you riverdale house , I be sorry . 78 6int cabin ~ live rook niget 78 mort the worst part be I have not get the magazine from my study yet . the one with the story he saya I steal . now it go up in the fire . kelsch { 0.8 . ) you still want the go through with it ? maating he , show he the magazine ? hort Hell yes . I 'v spend the last halt year walk through a shitstorm , Ken , have thing happen to mar . this be something I want to handle myself . ge @an go to jail or go away or go to hell , it 's all the same to I . as long as he 's go , @ 79 int motel right kelesch tourna , swing he leg off the bad . kelsca good , because I call you agent when I hear saheut the house , I figurad he would have a copy of the magazine . he send a original by overnight today , you can pick dt up at you post office tomerrow after three . 78 hort ( 0.8 . ) I know there war '' reagen T hire you . . _ kelsche there 's something alse . X catch up with you Tom greanleaf today . tha guy that drive past you and shooter on tha ake read . a0 int cabin - live rook night ag kor ? x '' yoah ? 65 . 02/12/2003 8g continued : bo eelsch ( 0.8 . ) you be not gonna like this . hort he do not ne anything ? al inv motel eigrt 82 kelsch coneuit he notepad . kelsch worse , first he say he do go down bake drive on Tuesday and be see you like you say , but then he get weird , say no no ao , dome toe chink of it I do not . do not see anybody . be not evan on Lake drive on Tuesday . hort ( 0.8 . ) well , Tom 's seventy - five if ha 's a day . _ might have slip dis mind . xslsce bullshit . re be way up on a scaffold when I see he , painting you Parish Hall . look strong as a ox to mar . 82 rat cabin - live room niget 82 mort do not mean bis memory 's good . kelsch ( 0.8 , ) De not be naive . the guy be sear shitless , somebody get to he , hort come on , why would shooter possibly care if Tom greenleaf know he 's here ? krlsch ( 0.8 . ) that depend , nort on what ? kelsch ( 0.8 . ) on what he plan to do to you . I '' revise oy opinion , mort . I do not think shooter 's just some nut , intimidation of witness speak to '' think - out plan . e — ~ 66 . 02/32/2003 a3 rr ? motel nigst 83 kelech speak carefully . doea not want to be 'too alarming -- which of course be be . kelsch we need to consider the possibility that he be airad to do this . somsbody with a grudge against you , hire a tough guy the rattle you , scara you to death . but he hire the wrong guy . thing get out of control . ' they go furthar than they be suppose to ... dead dog , burn - down house . mow he can not call he off . oa cat casin ri@st a4 mort saga to the coffes table . he speak quietly . nore Ted . kelsch ( 0.8 . ) bho ? mort he 's try to gaslight mar . eelech ( 0.5 . } who 's Ted ? mort amy 's.. , the guy Amy leave se for , maybe that 's why the guy call himself shootar , Ted want I to know it 's he . try to intinidate I , send I a message . ' kelsch ( 0.8 . } why ? what dog ha want ? it do not know . mort kslsce do you piss he off ? give hin a reason the hate you ? mort think about that , close he aye . a flash of something crosseg the straen , very faat , it could have be tha motel room from the open , probably be , it 's bard to tell . mort snap hia eye open . @. a6 as 36 87 67 . 02/12/3063 continged : 84 mort might have . kelsch gkay , here 's what we do . what other proof de you have that shooter waz bere ? other than the manuscript , physical evidence , I be talk about . mort strain to thiuk , a hand the the side of he head , ranenber the episod with shooter by the lake . image from they encounter flash past : err path sy the lake day 65 ~~ shooter get in - mort 's face , growls at he ; shooter you lie . -- shooter 's bande grab mort by the biceps and shove he back against the car , hard . ~~ shooter 's hand , hold mort 's arme , hard . mis finger and thumb press in so hard they be terning white . one cabin ~ live room miget . a6 hort bold the phone '' sec , ee drop the recaiver and shove bla sleeva up as far as they will go . de hold out he arm . at first he seas nothing , then he rotate they outward as far as they will go and there they ar , two yallowing bruise on the inside of sach arm , just above the elbow -- mark make by shooter 's thumb . back oh the couch , hort pick up the phone again . . morp {cont 'd} bruise . on my arm , where he grab I . int motel night . 87 relsche rot very concrete , but it 's emotional , dt might get the hin . you and I be gonna go so greenleaf together . bring the manuseript , bring you bruise . ( hore ) 6 . 02/22/2003 g7 ? continued : 87 kelesch {cont ‘d} I '' gonna push the guy hard , make it impossible for he to lie . if he will tall the police he be threaten too , then we have get something , it certainly tie he to the fir . wort ( 0.8 . } in 1l meet you at bowie 's fer breakfast . relsch 3 a.m. sharp . 88 88 rut cabin ~ live room right hort see you there . relsch ( 0.8 . ) and bring you six gun , filgrin . mort , whe be about to hang op , freaze at that last word . kelsch ( 0.8 . ) ( cort 'r ) I be kid . [ no response} ~ ¥ou still there ? e sexe yeah . I will see you at cine . he hang up quickly . sit there stare at the phone for a long monent , hunch over it . cor 8g : 8g ivr cabin -— bedroom riget a5 mort 's in bed . Wide avake . he look up at the ceiling . flip over , yiop the cther way . ee bolt out of bed , drag the blanket with he and head -- a9 int cabin ~ live room bight 30 = ~ date the darken live room , straight for the couch . except thia time we do not even see kort , we be mort , drift toward the couch , suck in by it , down into its pillow , between ita cushion , into ita inky recess . a8 $ 1 $ 3 . 92/12/2003 continued : a0 we roll over , face up at the ceiling , the entire reom recede from we , as if we be fall into a deep deep hole , but we do not sven mind that much , at lsast it 's quiet , and we know we will see nothing in that hole that frightans we becaugze at its bottom there be only . black . int cabin day 1 jaat as we go into the hole , we rise slowly out of it , out of the black toward a pinprick ef light in thea distance . we be pull toward the light the way we be suck int the black , but this hurt more , it 's that bright . we coma up out of the couch inte the live room , wickad bright with morning sunlight . mort wincea from it , he head still deap in the pillow . he sit up , swing he leg off the couch -- '' - and groans in pain , a groan # 0 loud it 's almost a mute sersam . hie hand dart up , he try to hold he back , bis kness , and he sight srm 411 at the same tine . mort ob my God ... he rub hig right shoulder , try to massage some life into it . mort ( cont would ) {inner voice ) that door {aleud ) how hard do {inner voice ) bathroom door . jaloud ) hard do '' hit it ? be squint across the room , to a clock on the far wali , it 's a quarter aftez ten . hort ( cont ’d} oh shit . he geta to he foot , painfully , and whip on a tee shirt . he 'a still wear bis pants . feat step into shoe and he head for the door . he reach up to snatch he cer key from the hook -- $ i 92 $ 3 94 $ 5 70 . 62/12/2083 continued : gl - ~ bot they be not thers . he look . that 's weird . think he lett they there leat night . . he pat bis posket . nope . turn and lock around the room . hub uh . the kitchen day 32 mort 's car key be wzitting on the counter in the kitchen . he some through the swinging door , lock around the room , spot then , be come over and pick then up , bounce they thoughtfully on the paim of hia hand , mort {inner voice } do not like thet . {out loud ) do not iike that at all . int live 200m day , 93 kort cross the live reen , throw open the front door -~ ext front porch day a 4 ~~ and step in he track . shooter 's hat be lie on the poroh in front of the docr . the distinctive black hat with the round crown . kort stand there look at it , he heart beat iu he ear {and ours ) . mort step down off the porch , cut a wide semi-circle around the hot , and stand where he car ought to bs , right in front of the porch , where he lett it last night . he look around , see it park over next to the garage , a hundred foot away . he look down at the key in he hand , turn and look back at the hat on the porch . int buick day 9s mort rip open the door of the var and slide behind the wheal . his eya be catch by the ashtray , which be hang open , four sdgarettea butt in it . ha reach down and pull one out , pinching it between he singernails . be hold it up to lock at it . unfilter pall mall . mort chuck it back into the ashtray as if it be radicactive . 37 92 th. 02/12/2003 errt front porch day 36 mort pick up shooter 's hat with the same distaste he show the cigarette butt , he flip it over , peer into it , nothing out of the ordinary , just a very old sweat ~ - stain inser band . the band be dark and slick , mort catch a whiff of it and furrow he brow . recognize that smell but can not place it . ext buick day 97 fhe hat sail inte the truak of the buick and the lid slam shut ever it . whe car spray gravel out of the driveway . cur to : mt bonie' store day 38 gerda kort rainey ! the door to bowle 's stora bang shut behind mort , who wince at the noise ag half a dezen head turn from the counter where gebda bowie , tail and busty and loud , be serve breakfast to a bunch of local . the store part of bowie 's be in the back , the front be % coffee shop . gerda ( cont would ) bave not see you in a coon 's age ] writiag any good book lataly ? hort fry . pail . be lock around the plsee for kalech , who be not there , damn it , miss he . mort takey a seat at the far and of the counter , a faw stool away from avarybody else . as gerda finish serve the other , hort calla out to she . nort ( cont would ) gerda , you would not make not one of you bacon and cheese and whatevar - the-heli - tlse - you - get cmelettes , would you ? gerda shit no ! . she laugh to show she 's only joke . ' the ether man at tha gounter , pablic Works guy in green covernlix , laugh along with be . $ 8 72 . 02/12/2003 continded : 98 gerda ( cont would ) gime '' ninute . mort nod ag the pw guy steal glance at he . ' they find hin odd , always hava , and they be not too shy to stare , mort 's ungomfortable , he look avay . to bis leave , a buseoy ia stock the cigarette rack next to the cash register . se have a carton of pall Malle and be take the pack cut one at a time , load they inte the rack . mort etere at the brand . ' fhe susbhoy notice and look back at hin . busaoy would you like a pack ? be holda one of the red pack out the mort enticiagly . wort T do not smoke . gerda good for you , honey . she flip mort 's coffesn cup right side up and pour bim son . gerda ( cont would ) ( lower har voice } beard about you divorce , mort . I be sorry . _. mort theaks , gerde , gerda be you take car of yourself ? nort workin 's on it . ~- gerda because you look a little psaky . he look up at she , try to bide he annoyance . hort it 's hard work get to sleep some night . I guess I be not use to the quiet yet . gerda bulishit . [ ts sleep alone you be rot use to yet , ( more @. 98 $ $ 73 . 02/12/2003 continued : { 2 } 8 gerda {cont would } but a man do not have to slaap alone forever , mort , just because some fool woman - mort teutting she off} pid a guy come in here this morning look for ms ? around nine o‘clock ? gerda will . hort Big guy , very hew York cop ? gerda wo . wo , do not ring a ball . mort wine o'clock ? I be suppose to meet hin but I cveralept . gerda maybe he do too , ' cause he sure as bell wamn not in here . cot to : ext parish hall pay 39 mort pull up in front of the Parish heli , one side of which be cover in acaffold . a old Ford bronco be parkad in front with a camper on the back and a sign read sonny trotts painting ~ caretaking - carpentry on cach of the door . nort get out ef he buick and walk over to the hage of the scaffold . he call np to sonny trotys , fortyish , slapping paint onte the siding thrae storey up . mort sonny ! hey , sonny ! sonny go cn painting , can not hear mort over the Roger whittaker aong play on he boom box . hort ( cont ’d}j sony ! . souny jerk , White paint fly from the and of he brush and for a moment it look like be might fall , but he grab onto one of the ropas and steady himself . ae lock down . os 1000 int mort 's car day 10 ) 24 . 03/12/2003 cobtinued : $ 5 sonny why , mx , rainey ! you give I a belluva tural . ort I be sorry . I think you be go to fall off . sonny mot I . Tom wight fail off , maybe , but not I , nort yoo see he today ? Tom ? sount mever show up . ' course that ain not unuaual for Tom , if he scistica 'a at it . more anybody come around leck for hin ? souny wall..s ( think ) you. CUT to : 100 mort drive out of town on the main road , head back to he house . as ha pass a gas station he dosm a double take , satehing aight of e car park at the pump . it 's a purpla 2 a¥ . a guy be stand near the rear of the car , at the gas tank , face the road . we look awfully familiar . he should . it 's Ted . a bear blare , mort snap he haad back toward the road to avoid hit the oncoming truck , then he stompz on the brake . amazament be replace by anger . he slam the car into reverse and back up -~ ext gas station day acl ~= haul it into the gas station parking lot right up beside Ted 's car . mort geta ont of the car aoolly and sapnter over to Ted , who 's screwing the gap cap back on . 75 . 92/12/2003 1¢1 cortinued : 34h @ cc ( ace ) wort what be you do here ? tsp ag a patter of fact , I be just on my way over to you place . hort oglance around ) whera 's you buddy ? . ted I dame alone . mort bure you do . nleek he in the sye ) I know what you be up to . web pair enough . Ted stare at mort . sia tone ds vague and threaten , he 's '' choose he word very carefully . é ted ( cont ‘d} look , I admit ... be swallow , and we detect something olse in he . feed be marvous . or be he scared ? ha 's hard to read . ted ( cont would ) mort , e lot of what 's go on right now ia my fault . most of it , in fact . nord so you be admit it ? ted I sort of get this ball roll , and the truth be now I be afraid I will not be abla ts stop it . mort stare bim down . a quiet rage be brewing inside hin . hort what do you want ? ~~. . tzd i want you to end thing . once and for @ ' : all . % 76 . 02/22/2003 101 continued : { 2 } io1 feed pulia something from he shoulder bag , a thick sheaf of legal - lock papers . ted {cont would } you naed to sign you papers , mort . mort just stare at he , aghast . ted ( cont would ) amy and I can not go on until you story de put to rest . mort what the fuck be ... my divorce papers ?! ell she to send ' be to my lawyer . tee she do . he sald you - mort that 's what this have all be about ? get I to sign the God damn settlement ? ted just cool down a minute ... mort ( put it all together ) my ged , it 's because of thé book deal , be not it ? because my deal 's up in a few month , and you two want I to sign pow 80 I be lock into higher alimony for the next ten year . that 's what thie be , it 's movey , Jesus Christ , this 4s all about money ! and you two think you be gonna muscia we for it ?! ted I would hate to see where thing could end up if we let this qa on . I think you know what I mean . ort well teddy , I think I de , but here 's the problem , iI do not respond well to intimidation . JI never have . sring out ay inner assbhol . he give Ted a hard skove in the shoulder , halfway between a punch and a push . a 161 102 77 . 62/12/2003 gontinued : ( 3 ) ol mort {cont ' d ) see what I mean ? he givey he another bard shove , in the other shoulder . harder than the last . hort ( cont ' da ) dust geta you all rile up , doea not it ? bo whatever alee you think you get for I , bring it on . you start thia ? you be gonna finish it ? pack you , it 'r out of you sontrel and you know it . I be go to finish this . bo I a favor and teli «- ( a bard Zinger in Ted 's chest } ww that to you little friend . suddenly enraged , Ted lash out , unleash a hard right cross that 's head straight at mort 's jaw . mort bebs to the right , fast reflex , just miss the punch , which land -- ~« on the driver 's window of Ted 's car . ' fhare 's a sharp crack , but the glass be intact , so it be not the window , it be two bone in Ted 's hand . Ted cry out in pain and oxumple to he kneas . mort look down at he . hort ( cont would ) get yourself a temper , huh ? 80 de i. cur of : int cabin - live room '' day 162 back home . mort sit on the couch in he live room , arma fold across he chest , stare at somathing on the coffes table . shooter 's hat . Dead center on the tabletop . mort sit forvard , inspect it more closely . he 's just reach out to pick it ep when -- ~~ the phone ring at about four thousand dacibel . mort jump a foot , as if auddeniy awaken , hort about time , ken. janawer it ) bello ? 78 . . 02/12/2003 102 102 continved : 103 srooter { 0.5 . ) go to where we meet the other day . mort freeze , recognize shester ' 's voice . shooter ( 0.8.} ( cont 'd ) walk down the path a little way . mor ? why ? shooter ( 0.8 . } you impress mar asa man who think the way old folk chew they food , Mr. rainey , but I be willing to give you all the time you need . 1°11 catch up with you this afternoon . anybody you cail between now and then be you responsibility . wort what do you do ? but there 's only a dead line . mort ( cont would ) {a whisper ) what in God 's name do you do ?- CUT to : ext path by the lare day 203 mort scramble up the hillside on the path by the lake , through the beat - down bush on either aide . he 's breathe hard , sweat , stumbling , he most have run all the way from he house . he reachea the top of the hill , come out into the clear at the edge of Lake drive , and see it . Tom greealesf 's scout , the same car that drive past the othar day when greenleaf sow mort und shooter talk by the side of the road . two man be inside the car , one in the driver 's seat , the other in back . neither one be move . mort edge closer , start the hyperventilata . Tom greenleaf be behind the wheal with he hesd throw back ~- 73 . 02/12/2003 103 103 ° continued : -~ and 4 screvdriver bury to the hilt in he forehead , abova he right eye . mort ob God ... oh my God ... oh jesug.. , mort 's yea lock onte the screwdriver handle . it 's distinctive , a badly chip red plastic handie , the same screwdriver mort pull out of sump . it 's mort 's . mort 's head snap to get the bad news from the back seat . Ken ralach be back there , a hatchet plant in the top of he head . his eye be open . brain have trickle down around he ear and dry . weitten along the hatchet 's handle in fade but still legible ved letter be one word -- rainey . mort stand completely still , not even breathe . the world swime around he , it slow to a neax stop , most sound draina away , and the sound that do not become unnaturally loud . a chickadee call . a woodpecker tap on a tree . a freshen breexe raisas whitecap on the lake . there be a rustling sound behind mort . be wheel around so fast he almost fall -- would have fall , if he have not have the scout to lean against . tt 's a squirrel , it look down at nort with bright hate from where it 's freeze halfway up the trank of a maple trea , blaze with red fall flare . mort stare at the squirrel for e long moment . ' the squirrel stare back , sweat rung down mort 's cheek . fe 's still not breathe , fe try to gasp , nothing come in , hia lung be clench and sapty . : from mort point of view , the world divide into dozen of neat rectangular box , dozen of identical image of the squirrel on the tree , then the image start to move , to tilt up , it 's sky , then it 's the scout , then at 's the ground , we realize mort be fall ~~ back by the bath , eo 103 104 8 . 02/12/2003 continued : ( 2 ) 103 ~~ and bis face shack into the dirt e# he lose consciousness . ' cor 70 : ext path by the lake daz 104 mort opene bia eya . he 's still lie next to the scout , bat the aun have shift quite a bit . he sit up groggily and turn he wrist to look at he watch . hia eye be too blurry fron - sleep , he squint and pull tha wateh closer . bhocter ( 0.8 . ) a quarter past two , mort lock up . shooter be stand over he , silhouett by the sun , which be directly behind he head . shooter ( cont would ) you bean out about thrae hoor . think you have so heat stroke , only it ie not sumer . mort try to get up , but hie right leg 144 dead weight under he , it buckle and he collapse again . shooter ( cant have ) you laid on the damn thing . woulda move you , but I do not want to wake you . mort drag himselt back against the scout , lift he right leg over bis leave , and start pound on it with he fist , try to get some blood back inte it . shooter ( cont ’d} get tired of waitin and almost pin a note on you . decide not to . you stara too easy . - mor ? {still pound he lag ) it know whet ''s go on ! I know tad hire you ! shooter hire I ? somebody airsd mar ? I be not never work a day for another man in my life . wo sir , like I say right off , this be between you and mar . mort be frantically hammer on he lag , try to gat it to funtion again . e . 104 continued : a . 62/12/2003 104 shooter ( cont would ) keep bautin’ on it like that and you will never walk , mort start drag himself away from shooter , acrog the dirt and to the head of the path . shooter follow lazily . shooter ( cont would ) would not crawl toe far if I be you . you get youraele soma work to do here . I heok you to this two man in more way than you know . if you leave ‘em here and I disappear , Mr. rainey , you be go to find yourself stand with you head in a noose and you fact in oriace . hore you do not scare I . shooter yeab , i do . the only thing be , you be atartin to scare ue a little , too . tf can not quite figure you out . mort atop drag himself , realise its pointlessness . he turn , look up at he tormantor , at the end of he rope . nort what do you want from I ? ghooter squata in front of mort , shcoter ( almost kindly ) why , I teid you that already , kr. rainey . % want you to fix my story . the one you stele . or be not you ready to admit it yet ? mort ( for the thousandth time ) I do not ... wtesi ... you stery . shooter ( sigh ) Ho , I expect you will let yourself go to greankaven for murder before you will admit it , mort I do not ! = do not ! you be crazy , and tt can prove it ! ( more j €2 . 02/12/2003 104 consinued : [ 2 ) 104 hort ( cant ' d ) 3 have the magazine , you lunatic ! De you hear mar ? | I have the goddamn magazine ! the response to this be no rasponae . mort ( cont would ) do you hear what I say ?! shooter ( acttly ) you have it ? you save this so-called magazine ? right now ? hort Ho . shooter well , there ... wor ? it 's come federal bxprea . 1'11 have dt at three , I can pliek it up in town at three o'clock , shooter pick what up ? some fuzzy old thing that 's suppose to be a copy ? hort Mo . the magazine . the actual magazine , date 1993 , two full yeare before you write you story . shooter there can not be any magazine , not with that story in it . that wtory be mize / for the first time , there want something like real anguish in shooter 's voice . mort Three o'clock . Z'il meat you at four . somaplace public . shooter no , you houss . you will kill I . / @- 63 , 02/12/2003 104 104 continued : ( 3 ) he stand up be start to bhocter you ? no , sirl this other here be go to get in the vay of we business . I could not have that ... and z figure I could use thes to make you face up to you responsibility . that 's all . neheok he watch ) you house in two hour . ( jexka a thumb at the scout} you get soma heavy lift hera first . I would get to it if I be you . the go . shooter {cont would } by the way ... df you talk to that sheriff of yours again , or iz you do not show op at four o'clock ... I will burn you life and every person in it like a eanetield in a high wie , you will go to jail for kill this twe nen , but that will be the least of you sorrow . understand ? kort and suppose , just suppose , I show you the magazine , and it have my name on the content page and ny story inside . what then ? bhooter ( think ) than I turn myself in . but I will take gare of myself before a trial , Mr. rainey . bacauea if thing turn out that way , than I suppose I be crazy . and that kind of cezazy man ... that kind $f orasy man hag no excuse or raason to have . walk away , than turn back with one last think . shooter {cont have ) listen , you get my hat . I all want it , one way of the other . and he disappear down the lake path . mort turn , shaking , and lock at the scout and the dead man in dit . brom down the road , he hear the hum of a car engine , ess sunlight glint off the windshield of a approach car . @: 204 103 106 4 . 62/12/2003 continued : { 4 } 104 he slither back onto the incline , out of sight excapt for he eye . the car zip past , take no notice of the scout and its lifeless occupant , mort teke a deep breath . 4 moment later ( path by the lake} , wa 'xe look at the door handle of the scout . mort 's tremble hand , wrap in he shirt tail , reach out and open it slowly , revealing Tom greenieat 'a coxpse in the front seat . mort stand there , breathe hard . first thing first , that sorevdriver 's gotta come out of he head . mort trias to get bimseif between Tom and the steering wheel , but there be not room . he reach down , to the electric seat adjuster , and push it teward the back . - 195 the seat . hom back , slide Tom along with it . in back , xen kelech shift , turn toward mort abruptly . mort shout and jump back , ha 'a stiil alive ! but kelsch stop , and mert take another look . no way he 's alive with a hatchet in he head . mort push the seat lever back again and kelsch shift again ~-- the driver 's seat be push up against he dead leg . mow there 's xoom for mort to get hatween greenleaf and the atsering wheal . he wadge biesslf in , lay a forearm against greenleaf 's chest , closs he free hand around the screwdriver =~ mort I be sorry , Tom . ~~ and give it a almighty yank . juat ag the screvdrivar start to slida out with a wet crunch -- cur to : rit quarry day 166 the bloody screwdrivex and the axa , both with dry human matter dulling they blade , lie on the ground , remove from they victim , mort atand basid the scout now , its driver 's door close . we be in a differant location , also abandonad . the scout be run end mort be reach through the driver 'a window , put hie hand on the wheel . q gs . 02/12/2003 406 106 continded : strain , he reach over and pute the thing in drive . whe car 's park on a slight alllside and it start to roll . mort walk alengaid , keep up with it , steering it straight abead . it pick up speed and hort have to jog -< == toward the edge of # sheer rock face . the sparkling water of a abandon quarry be visible far below . ghe scout move fester still , it will make it over the edge on its own and mort da just sbout to pull himself cut when the car go over a bump and yom greenieat 's body pitch forward over the wheel , ' yom 's a heavy guy , and he weight and awkward posture pin mort 's arm where they be . the horm begin to blare . the scout move faster nov , mort ia run to keep up with the roll , bump , honking thing . mort yank he arm as bard as he can and manage to shove greeniesf 's body back off he , but the open part of the cuff of nort 's overshirt slip over the gear shift lever . mort be run as fast as he can , atruggle like hell to free he arm , now stick by he shirt to the gear shift . the car 's bouna along fast , mort 's foot litt off the ground , he 's run out of real estate fast , he 's go over with the God dam thing . he give he arm on vicious pull , half the thread in the button at the ead of bis sleeve rip out , the other half stay put , the scout 's front tire be just of few foot avay from the edge of the reck face -- ~- mort haul hie arm back as hard as he can -- -~ the final thread rip free , the button pop off -- -- but so do mort 's wristwatch , which fall to the floor of the scout , the engrave word '' be love fou , amy '' glitter in the sun < = -- and mert stop abruptly , windmill he arm at the very «adge of the earth ax the boout tipa over the edge and plummet two hundred feat , splashing inte the water . mort watch as the scout bubbles and bob and disappear into the deep - bottome black quarry water below . cur td : @- 207 ) '' int cabin ~ live rook day ioe 86 . 02/12/2003 107 the clock on the wall in mort 's cabin -- it 's ten to three . on the coffee table , the phone ring . it 's in the foreground , big . after three ring , mort burst through the door in the background , dump he shirt , grab he wallet , he car key from the hook ( they be there this time } and head back for the door . but through it all , the phone keep ringing . in the doorway dn the background , mort stop , think . ring , ring . ring . somebody sure be insistent . Mart turn , be it bim ? he curse and edge over to the phon . hort helle ? bmy ( 0.8 . ) mort ? mort mmouth the word ) shit. ( aloud ) int ted' apartment day 168 amy ia witting on the edge of a bed in a man 's badroom , a room we have not see before . she 's be cry , stilt be . she speak softly , cast the oorasional look to the bedroem door , which be close . amy mort , I ... I have be will worried about you . mort roll kia eye , lock ever at the clock on the wall . mort I 's skay , any . any be you gure ? when I sav you yosterday , I think you lock ... strain . I mean , I know you ara strain , but ... {a new think ) do you ... mort , do you ... ny 106 continued : 87 . 02/12/2003 hort rhat ? any do you think thing would have be different if we would bad child ? rort Jesus , I do not know , Amy . lack , can I sall you later ? I gotta be someplace . he glance at he wrist to check the time , but he watch be go . more cry . snitfling . please God , lat I out of this conversation . mort ( cont no ) what be it ? hort {cont would } take a breath . ort ( cont ‘’d ) be you at sed 's ? bmy you . horp oknow he should not , can not help it} how de you feel about he , this day ? I leve he . hort right . amy I do not go with other man . I have always want to tell you that , I do not go with other man . only Ted . and only the last few month , whan you and I be ... when it be over already . 108 he 's puszle , but doas not have time the think about it , as atert to cry . bort sigh and sit on the adge of the any oofise table . a 108 109 iio 8b . 02/22/2003 continued : ( 2 ) 108 mort if have be '' over '' whan we ware still tegether , you might have mention it . bacouse it be fuckin news to I . amt that 's because you be not there anymom , you ware go go much . wort what be you talk about ? I work at dom , for Christ 's sake . auy that 's pot what I mean . even when you be with mar , you be go . up in you head . you use to joke about it , you would tap the aide of you head , '' go up to the attic , honay , see you in a few day . " that be no joke . JI do not think I lock into you eye and see you look back at mar , really with not , Zor the last two year . mort yeah , it 's all my fauit . amy Ho , I be a coward , tad want we to go and tell you together . he keep ask , and I keep put he off . I will nevar forgst the leok on you face whan you open the door of that motel room . I will carry that to my grave . mort close he eye to try to hold off the memory , but good luck with shat -~ int motel room dawh we be back in that motel room we see at the beginning , burst through the door , first person hort . we sea Amy and Ted in bed , fumble for the sheet , but this time we sea a littla bit more , we spin around and see mort 's face , and it 's twisted and pain and angry , raaiiy angry , but it 's just a flash and than we be -- 205 int gabio ~ live room day 416 ~~ back in the liviag roam , where mort force he eye open , wiping out the unpleasant memory - movie play on he ayelida . hort I gotta go . @ e * a8 . 02/12/2003 iio 110 continubd : ail amy can not wa - wort no , I really gotta go . amy witl you call if you need mar ? mort I doubt it . a can I come ap there ? mor ? why on earth would you do thatt any ( pause , then blurt it out} you still have not sign the papers , mort . I know you do not want to deal with it , I do not want to either , but tome on , everything 's hsen negotiate , we do not disagras about a thing , T doe not understand why . you be refuse to sign , po not you want it over with ? mort shake bis head -- so that 's why the phone call . nort you be " worried about mar . " and I beliove you . what a idiot . any TI be worried . you sound that way , kort , you sound like you do six month ago and it 's my fault , I think it 's my fault and I wish I could take it back bet - . mort = guess you shauld a't hava fuck hin , then , . fle bang the phone down . rut tedn apartment dat il Amy sit with she hand on the phone , stare at it . make a decision , she get up and go to the dresser , gha shove the sheaf of divorce papers inte she purse and turn toward the door , Ted ie stand in the doorway . ili @ 112 '' @ 96 , 62/12/2003 continued : lil ted you be not go up there ? any I do not want the dance around it anymore , once he sign it will be over with and we will not bave to have this horrible conversation avery other day . she leave the room . ee follow . int live room dat 112 Amy acoops she car key off a table near the front door . ted t'il go with you . he goas to get he jacket and we notice he right hand be heavily bandage . : amt I would rather go by myself . ted Amy ... any you throw a pusch at he , Ted . you go up to get 4 simple signature and come back with a break hand . if you walk through he door with I , just the sight ef you be gonna send he off . Ted can sae the truth in that . she pute a hand on he cheek . amy {cont would } I be marry to ' the guy fer ten year . I know how to talk to he . I just want the get this over with . that 's ail ha want . bring thing to a end , ted be careful . amy okiss he ] I will be back tonight . and she 's go . Ted togse he comt over a chair and stare at the close door , think . cur to : eq $ i. 02/12/2003 i130 ext post office day . 113 114 a Federal Express truck roar past , revealing mort 's car , park outside the post office . mort be inside it , stare at the depart truck . he look at the post office . do not want to goin . be desperate to go in . on the STREET , nort 's car door slema . as he start across the street toward the building , a voice calle to hin . he turne . down the block , he see Dave hewsome , the sheriff he apeke to earlier , gesture to hin . mort lcokz sround , not sov , bava . be shooter watch he ? be wave back to hewsome and keep walk , pretend he do not hear the sheriff 's " hold up a ssc . " he hurry up the step of ths building . int post office day 114 the post office be nearly empty , but a innocuous government building never sesm so menace . at the far end , there 's a single clerk bebiud the counter , juliet stoker , mid~thirtias , bear , breed and will die in tashmore Lake . she look right at we , smile as we float up to she counter . sha say something to we , but we do not haar it , just see she lip move . she furrow she brow , worried about we . she speak again , this time we heer she : julizt Mr. rainey ? be ' you all right ? mort cleara he throat , collect himsaif . . mord sorry , juliet . my throat kind of doubie- clutch on I for a second . juliet you be very pale . she frown , not sure what to do with he , as if he 's a slightly irritate child prodigy whe need apecial care and feed . hort steady himselZ , grip the counter . 92 . 02/12/2003 lla continued : 114 eo * mort something I eat last night , I gquese . do fadareal 2 xpress leave anything for mar ? juliet no , not a thing . mort 's finger squeeze the counter ferociously , turn white . mort pardon I ? joliet ( already turn away} duet the one thing , I say . she pull a package off the back rack and slide it across tha counter to he , its bright red and blue fad ex lettering like a lighthouse in a storm . hort . ( sigh in relief ) ' thank you . - : ouliet @ welcome , you know , the post office would have a cow if they knaw we handle that Federal exprass man 's mail . , more well , I certainly appreciate it . he pick up the package and resist the urge to tear it open on the spot . juliet you will not tell they , will you ? mort force a smile and a grisly wink . mort Ho way . julizt dood . mort turn and head fer the door . ouliet neont ‘'d } C because I see what you do . eo ~ 93 . 02/12/2003 114 conpinued : ( 2 ) 114 mort {stops} pardon I ? juliet I say they would shoot I if you do . you ought to go bone and lie down , Mr. rainey . you really doe not look well at all . mort that 's not such a bad idaa . 11 115 ext post office day 146 li ? 418 mort comex out of the post office and stop . he flip the package over to open it but stop , notice two women stare at hie . one of they whisper something to the other , the second ona laugh , the first one shush she . mort hurry toward he car . int = mort 's car day hort slide behind the wheel of bis car , slam the doer . once again he 's about to open the package -- ~~ when there 's a knock at he passenger door . he leap a foot , lock ovar , seaz Dave hewsouw smile at he , bent down , look through the passenger window . dave newsohe biya ! get a minute ? 116 mort toss the atili-unopened fed ex package on the passenger seat as if it ware communicable . mort can not right now , Dave ! give you a cail in a biti mort drop the car in gear and pull away . er? STREET dat i117 deve rewsome straighten , watch mort 's car drive away . eur to ; int ted' aparthent day 118 tad be sit in '' chair in hia apartment , anxious as hell . 118 11g 126 34 . 02/12/2003 continued : 118 make a decision , he belt to he feat , grab he jacket off the chair and hia car key off a desk , and race out the san door Amy want out . cur to : ext cabin ~ driveway day lis mort 's buick skid and cruhch to a stop in the gravel driveway of he cabin . . int mort car day 126 yinally , a moment of peace . mort pick up the fad ex package and hold it in he hand , determine to open it this tin . but as he start to turn it over , a soft grayness come over he vision . thing dull , bend , darken . he try to blink it away , he lid close for just a sacond -- -- and then it 's go . Whole thing only tock three or four second . that 's odd . okay , mo more bulishit . mort flip the fed ex envelope over in hie hand , reach for the tear strip -- ~~ and find it balf pull off . whe package have already be opane . sort «se the fuck ... ? re xvip the tear strip . the reet of the way off . he turn the envelope upside down and a magazine drop inte he lap . Zllery Queen 's mystary magartina , the loge aay in bright red letter . bensath that , in much smaller type , June , 1993 . nort ( cont no ) 1993 , allow himself a grim amile , he flip it open , look for the contenta page . mort ( cont have ) content ... he flip back and forth , can not find it . he gom back to the bagion , where the page ought to be , and find a thin strip of paper in the magazine 's gutter . he think ha know what that mean . with grow alarm , he thumb frantically through the magazine , drop it once and pick it up with a little cry of desperation . e - en 95 . 02/12/2003 120 120 contibued : 121 on the second pass through he look more carefully . mor ? ( cont would ) 8g , 81 , 82 -- ha flip to the next page , see the number on it . mort ( cont would ) 98 . re go back a page . 82 again . and in the margin be the slice off evidence that page &3 to 97 have baen sut out . hort ocont } you cur if over ! he bang he fist down on the steering wheel , again and again and again . bore ( cont no ) you out it out , you son of a bitch ! how do you do that ?! you cut it out , you cat 1t out , pow aut tt out ! mort hear a voice from inside the ear , a familiar voioe . his own voice , thner voice [ 0.8 . } how would he do that ? mort I do not know . he do it though , inner voice ( 0,8 . } okay. {pauae ) 2 sort I pow '© kyow ! bxr cabin - driveway day 121 the car docr open and mort elimbe cut , step on a bundle of white print page right beneath the driver 's window . he stalk across the drivaway toward the houg . the voice follow bin . iwwer voice ( 0.8 . ) it dour not make sense . mort shut up . 221 122 123 96 . 62/22/2003 continued : 123 he wince as a image flickere through he mind : mort mewtal image ( motel rooh ) i22 be that same scene from the motel room , the one we have see twice before , he point of view as be race in on Amy and Ted , then the camera whip around , see mort 's face , and it 's fierce with anger . we see for the first time he 's hold something in one hand . but before we can see what it be -- int cabin - live room day mort bang through the deor and drop conte the couch , center dushion , are fold acrose he chest . yet again , he find himself face to face with -- = ~ shooter hat . still sit on he coffea table . wait for hin . mort #ite forward . this time he pick it up . he look at it earefully ..: and then , for no reason whatsoaver and without a moment 's think -- '' - he put it on . he shudder once , the way you do eat mouthful of strong liquor . but that pass . he smooth the brim . it fit quite well , ectually . 123 acrob the . room , the mirror over the entry table fill with mort as he stand up , hat oa hia head , and walke forward . he position himself in fxont of the mizror . ' the hat completely cover he hair and just touch the top of he ear . have hort 's 's Inner Voice speak up again -- quiet , gently prodding . thher voice ( 0.8 . ) why would you put it ‘on ? mort I do not know . inwer voice {¢ .8 . ) . maybe he want you to . at this moment , we 'ra@ look at mort straight on . we start to move , to creep around he to hia right side . : mort why wonld he want I to put on he hat ? inner voice ( 0.5 . ) maybe he want you to ... e . of . 2/32/2003 123 123 continuzp : mort yeoh ? no anawer . we settle into 's full profile . mort turn and lock directly at we for the first time . mor ? ( cont would ) want I to what ? & face move in slowly from the side of the frame and whisper in mort 's ear -~ it 's mert 'a face . mort 's Inner Voice have be give body , hort ' 's body . sane guy , same clothes . two mort , side by side . alk about talk to yourself ... inher voice to get confuse . mort I be already confuse , piigrim . ' wo sooner be that last word out of he mouth than he wish he sould snatch it back out of the air . he whisk shooter 's hat off hia head and toss it into '' corner . inber voice yeah . yeah , what abect that ? bort whet about what ? inber voice '' pilgrin . '' Rather than answer , kort turn and stalka out of the room . we go with he {sane shot ) as be pass the staircase , where he Inner Voice be now lean against the railing . imrer voice ( cont would ) '' shooter 's knob .* mort teach the kitchen door but stop , as he Inner Voice be already lean against it . inner voice {cont would } half a dozen other detail you have bean ignore . mort just stare at he , breathe hard . the Voice take a step forward . they be noze to nose , both suddenly quite calm . inwer voice ( cont no ) be all of this thing coincidence ? ae . 02/12/2003 123 ° '' continued : ( 2 ) 133 @ : mort '' ( defensive ) I be wear he bruise , be not I ? the Inner Voice do not answer , just hold he eye . wort {cont have ) be not 1 ? ibner voice axe you ? mort rip he shirt off angrily , rotate he arm out , go the the exact spot where the bruise be yesterday . but now they be not thers . nort it doss not ... ke search , paw bia flash . mort ( cont would ) tt dose not make sansa ! . wher voice @ would you like to hear something that do make sense ? actually , no , hert would rather not . he turn and head for the door , reach fer the key on the heok -- == but the Inner Voice be there ahead of he , lean against tha wall next to the hook . inkrer voice {cont have ) call the police . mort turn to the front deor but it bang shut ahead of he , he Inner Voice be lean against it . . thner voice ( cont would ) call Dave hewscoue and tell hin to come down here and lock you up . mort tf ef could get a knife and cut you out of mar ... he turn awey , but the Inner voloe 1s right behind hin . cc torer voice e@ before you can do any more damage . e * 123 i246 125 95 . 92/12/2003 continued : ( 3 ) 123 mort I be warning you ! be turn again -- Inner Voice ig thare too , all around he now , vwhersver he turn before he even turn there . iewer voice before you kill anyone else . mort i'll kill fou ! but suddenly the Inner . Voice be go , and mort be stand alone in the empty live room , chest heaving , scream at the valis . ge hoid bis head in paia , because here come another mental image , and this one 's a doozy : mort mental image ( motel room } 126 be that ehot in the motel room , the startle lover , the enraged hosband , mort hold somatbing , and for the first time we ase what it be . a gun . keld in front of he ip a shaking hand , end now we understand why Amy and Ted be not just shocked and ambarraseed and upzat , they be terrify , because nort be scream at they , raving like a lunatic , vave that gun around , shove it between Ted 's tasth , snarling and spitting and completely out of control . int live room day 125 nort shake he head to chase away the memory . mort tt be unicade . phe Inner Voice be in he ear , it circle he sow , walk around and around he in ever- tightening circle , always in he ear , inch away no matter where bort turn . inner voice be it ? rort yaal inner yoice be it , mort ? kort I tell they ! e - 64 125 continued : 10 % , 02/12/2003 125 inner voice wae it really unload ? hort any believe I . imver voice you almost kill they , you want to . mor ? the gun waz hot load ! : inwer voice you still want to . mort shut up ! ewwer voice listen to I . because this be how it happen . this be how it happang to people , wort shut up ! inner voice there be no John shooter . mort rol thner voice there never have bean , moert E do not accapt that ! inser voice you invent he . mort I do not accapt that at alli irwer voice listen to moe , not to he . before it 's too late , bafore you - mort shut the fucx up and leave I alone ! @. 125 comvinogp : { 2 } ida . 02/12/2003 125 be pick up a heavy ashtray -~ '' deg stand over a large marble basin that 's suppose to be for the cigarette butt , go figor -- and buris it at the Inner Voice as hard as he can . but of course the Inner Voice be go before mort even release and the ashtray smashes into the wall just over the entry table . it put a large dent in the plaster and open up a crack . it 's = omall exack that originate in the middle of the crease make by the ashtray . sut as mort watch -- = -- the orack grow . it creep all the way up the wall , crunching the plaster apart as it grow . beforsg mort 's wonder sye , the crack creep across the ceiling over he bead , zig - zag ita lightning bolt way right down the center of the room , directly above nort , and finally crawl down the fax wall , end in the corner where he have throw shooter 's hat , now rest cock - eye againat the wall . . mort stand very still in the middle of the room , stare at the bat . mort ( cent ‘d} what be happen to I ? he turn around , catch sight of himself in the mirror , and gasp in horror ~- . with - because shooter 's hat be on biwx head again . be whip tt off and hurl it across the room . the hat skip twice otf the floor , and come to a stop in the doorway of the study ~ < ~~ where John shooter be lean against the deorjam . ha pick up the hat and twirl it lightly on one finger , amoke a pall mall with he free hand . mort {cont no ) ( back away } you do not exist , shooter oh , I exist , Mr. rainey . mort back sight iate tha wall . shooter advance on he . bhooter ( vont no ) I exiat because you make I . you think I cp . gave ms my name , told we everything you want I to do . 123 126 127 128 123 13¢ 102 . 02/12/2003 continued : ( 3 ) 125 mort be horrify , hold he head as the truth pour into he congedousnasa . wa see flash of he thought as shooter talx : ez ? amy eouse right 126 ( thies image and all the flashbeck imagas that follow fly dy yast , fracture and jarring . } we 'xe lookiag through the window of moxt 's study again , the one at the bouse in riverdale , before it burn down . we ses shooter 's shadow on the wall , that crezy hat . but we be closer this tim , and in '' flash of light we sae shooter 's faca below the hat , bat of course it be not shooter 's face at all but mort 's face , mort burnad down the house . mte cabin - study day 127 shooter be draw closer . shooter you have a job cof work need do . zb ext bowie' store day a shot we have not see befer , it 's morning on Main Street , and Ken kelsch be walk toward the front door of bowie 's store when hort step cut from a doorway and intercept he . relsce think will say nine ? mort I call tom . he say to plok he up . rut cabin - studt day 123 shooter 's closer still . shooter do not have the stomach to de it yourself . but you know I do . inv grebelear' car = day 130 yow greenleaf , alive again , be drive he scout , Ken keisch be da back , moxt be in the passenger seat . mort right up there , Tom ! we vere stand right there . 430 131 132 133 134 135 136 103 . 02/12/2003 continued : 130 greenleaf {siek about this } I know , mort , I sav you . I do not want to say it in front of bia -- ojerk a thumb back at kelsch ) ~~ but you be alone . int tom' car { plashrack ) day 431 from Tom 's point of view , we be drive down Lake drive on that sunny day . we see a figure up ahead , stand by the side of the road -- it 's mort , stand thera by himself . Tom wave to he , mort tip = finger back #t bia in that practice , country way . ir ? tom' car day mort laugh disarmingly at Tom 'a nervousness . mort TI know , I can explain . just pull over . 132 a greenleat turna the wheal , we dvap down naxt to mort 's leg and see kis finger close eround the handle of the hatchet , the one that will scon be bury in Ken kelsch 's head . int cabin ~ study day 4133 shooter ie right in car face . shooter 2 do they thing so you would not have to . 134 ext lake drive day futside the scout nov , we ses mort whip around from the front aeat and smack the hatchet down in the middle of Ken kelach 'a skull , we hear Tom greanleaf 's horrifiad shriex , but it 's abruptly cut off as mort turas to hia a split - second later and drive the screwdriver home in the middle of hie forehead . taz cabin -— bateroch bight 135 in the shower in hig cabin , mort clean up , blood swirl dewn the drain . tut cabis - live room day 136 mort awaken , stretch , grabe he arm and back , can not believe how unbelievably sore he be . how we know why . 104 . ~ . '' 4437 int ) = cabin , - study day e '' shooter eamile . shooter offhand , I would say you be the one da not exist . not anymore , not really . mort what do you want ? shooter you tell I . be I do yet ? we get thing all clean up around here ? ( mu answer ) do we ? hort I do not know ! shooter think on it . what 's the real reason I come for ? mort fix you story . bhooter that 's right . . ort fix tha end . seooter and how exsotly do you suppose you oughta do that ? 02/12/2003 137 qutaide , they hear the sound of tize on gravel , they both turn din time -- . -- to wee amp 's car drive past the front door . they look at each other . shooter {cont would } ° Todd downey think that a woman who would steal you love whan you lova be really all you aad be not much of @ woman . '' mort take a a#tep straight forward , but that 's where shooter be stand , a0 when he move ahead -- @. 105 . 02/12/2003 137 137 continued : 138 -- be pass right through sheoter , whose image falla all to piece , but they be sticky pisc , and they . dissolve and cling the mort at the mame time , it 's like walk through a spiderweb , shooter be go . gx mayhe shooter be right , and mort 's the on who 's go . becanse when hort finish shooter 's quotation , he da speak with shooter 's voice and move with he mannerism . be be shooter , mort '' he therefore decide the kill ber . '' he turna and look st the mirror again , and from this angle he can wee the driveway , and Amy 's car park in it . we move toward the mirror , fast , than we go through the mirror and zoom in on key and in that same shot wa find curssive -~ ex ? cabin day 138 - ~ out in the driveway ae Amy slam the deor of she car . she take one step and stop , she attention gaught by something in the driveway . it 's a gook . part of it ig a rusty red color. odd . she look up from it . any mort ? Ho answer . she start waik toward the cabin . up ahead , some white page be flutter on the driveway next to mort 's car . she stoops down , pioka on up , it 's page 63 of ellery Queen 's mystexy Magazine , lyiag right where mort dumped it after he cut it out of he own magazine . it 's a short story : sowing season short fiction by morten rainey that 's weird . Amy dos not lite it . she let go of the page , it flap away in the light breeze . now she really take in the view of the cabin , and there be '' few more detail that be not quite the way we have be acedag they . fhe screen door , for example , which be hang from ona break hinge . and a single shoe sit on the front step of the cabin , west go with the sock in the driveway . any pass the garbage cabinet and hear # lie buz . she lack over at the spot whera bump have be pin to the wood . 206 , 02/12/2003 136 138 continued : 133 no bump , of course , mort do bury bez , but the wood be stein , big dark red chunks of deg stick to it , fly feed on it . with a grow senze of alarm , Amy step up to the screen door and peer through . amy ( cont would ) mort ? {no answaz} you home ? still no answer . she pite a band on tha deor -~ iwr cabia - live room dat ~~ and step inside . she stop , lock around the recom in abook , 139 the outside of the house be a mass , but inside be a disaster . half -eaten '' meal ara on plate sxound the room , the fly be feast on that too . the ashtray with the deg on it be bury in the wall , where it have start 4 small crack , about a foot long . the trash can be full and have overflow onto the floor . Paper ie litter everywhere . it look as if mort have axhune weary copy of avery manuseript he have in the place and strewn the page around the xroon , in short , the room look nothing like it . do two minute age , when we be look at it through mort 's ayas . sut as we now know , that be very unreliable eye indead . worst of all , everywhere , everywhere iz one word , the word be a it 's write on the wall in chalk and ink , it 's spray on the window twice in what look like dry whipped cream -- and there 's the redi-whip can on tha floox under the window to prove it . '' shooter '' be write on the stair railing in pencil , neat column stack on top of each other like addition probiem . it 's even carve inte the charry wood coffee table in great jag letter threa foot high , like a grotesque declaration of love -- shooter , : the screwdriver ha use to do the carve be lie on the tabletop . it 's @ familiar - look screwdriver , with a red chip handle , and dry red stuff on its steal shaft , we have sean this screwdrivar befor . twice . amy {a whisper ) hort ? @ 139 140 167 . 02/12/2003 continued : 133 she hear a sound . she turn , isok in the direction of mort 's study . the door iz close again . she walk toward it , kick the lasue of filerp Queen can the floor on the way . she day not aotice , she put '' band on the door the the study and push it opea . tut cabin - stupr bay 340 the door swing wide and Amy teke a step inte the study . the first thing she notice be mort 's computer moniter , which bas be sweep off the desk and be lie oa its side on the floor , where it implode . . on the desk iu ite place be a old Royal typewriter . a type wanuscript be neatly stack on top of it . Amy take a quick eok around the room and walk toward it '' + '' - pass mort , who be stand just behind the door , hand fold primly behind he back , shooter 's hat perch atop he baad . she do not notice . and he do not move . Amy crosaea the room the the desk and come sround behind it , peer dewn at the manuscript . the title page be on top : secret window , sacret carder ay John shooter aay stare at it , puzzle , . any {a mutter} John shooter ... 7 she look up and see * shooter * be alao write on the walla of this room , across the wall in a nearly straight line . she follow the line , but as she near the end of it , the last one dessa‘t say '' shooter '' anymore , somehow it have avolvad into two worda , two word that aze right over mort 's head : '' shoot ber Amy gasp , see mozt and the word at the same time , she 's scared as hell , try to sound normal , teil . am '' ( canta ) et , / he doea not reply , just starea at she . @. 108 . 02/22/2803 140 continued : 140 she look at the hat . any ( cont would ) where would you find that old thing ? the attic ? be still do not answer , but he face twitches , and as it twitches , we see a think that flash through he mind : i410s oext rummage sale day 141 mort , young , be at a rummage sale in the country with Amy . he put the hat on , turn around to face she , emile . he affect a Southern accent , sound just like shooter . mort time to plant the north forty , mar 'am , 1420 int cabin ~ study Day 142 the flinch go away as mort benish the memory . he smile . a shooter smile . he spask softly , as shooter . mort it 's mp het . be not ever anybody else 's . any mort ? what 's wrong ? what 's - mort you get you a wrong number , woman . ai not no hort here . mort 's dead . he do a lot of squirmin around , but in the end he could not lie to himself anymore , let alone to I . I nevar put a hand on he , mra. rainey . I awear . he take the coward 's way out . Amy look around the room . one door , and mort 's stand right next to it . ay why be you talk that way ? mort this be just the way I talk . evarybedy down in miss'ippi talk this way . mort , stop itl e . 108 . 02/12/2003 142 142 continued : kort De not you understand what I say ? tou be not dmaf , ara you ? he 's dead . he kill himself . amy [ start the cry ) you 'se scare I ... mort do not matter . he take he hand ont from babind he back , in one of they he hold a pair of acissor . nore ( cont would ) nwalk toward her} you will not be scared long . she stay still for a moment , in total disbelief , but than snap out of it . she bolt for the door . mort lungee toward she , bring the scissors down in a silver arg == = ~ but hie foot slip on tha loose papers on the floor and he falla , miss she by a few inch . the blade stab into the hardwood floor , right through page nine of '' secret window , bacret Garden . '' mort 's mouth bahg off the floor and spray blood . a&a half - suck package of pall mall shoot out of he shirt pocket and slide across tha wooden ficor . mort yank the scissors from the floor and get up on he knee , smile and snarling through the blood ranhing over he lip and tooth . wort ( cont have ) wo not de you no help , Mrs. rainey ! re check the scissors , seas they blunt tip , and toss then impatiently aside as he get to he fest . - wore ( cont no ) iogot 4 place for you ! Zz get it ail pick out ! he walk out the door after she . q. 143 lee 116 . - 02/12/2003 bat cabin - driveway day 143 Amy race dewn the front step of the cabin and to she car . she throw open the door and leap inside , slamming down the lock . through the passenger window , we see mort walk calmly out of the house after she . she fumble for bar key , paw for the right one , mort walk toward the car , bend down when be get near it , just cat of we sight , below the window line . Amy jem tha key in the ignition -- +» hort stand up next to tha passenger window ~~ ~- Amy turne the key and the angine roar to life -= a= and mort smashes the boulder he pick up through the passenger winder , of Amy 's credit , she do not scream , dog not let herself get diatract . she reach over for the gear shift ( it 's a etick shift ) and start to jam . it inte reverse . but mort lunge through the windew and grab hold of that hand , get she hard by the wriet . amy fight he , shove the car into weverse anyway . the car start to wove , but mort 's half in it , and he 's get beth hand on she new . amy shove a foot dowt on the gas , mort pull she with all he atreagth ~~ == and haul she right out through the break passenger window es the oar roll sway . how Amy scream as she leg rake over the jag break glass in the window frame . she thud to the ground on the gravel driveway as she car roll in a broad , backward seni~circle , slahming ass~end into a txee and come to a stop . int gabin - live room = day 144 mort bang through the scraen door of the cabin , drag Amy behind he , a firm grip on she hair . she 's half - crawl , try to stop he or at least keep up , it hurt like heli . mort reach the coffee table and grab the screwdriver , the one he use on the dog and Tom greenleaf . @. 5 144 4s lili . 02/22/2003 continued : 44 ort {still shooter ) bo stiiz , will you . be knogk she over onto she back , raise the ecrevdrivar , and bring it down . Amy shriek and roll away ~- == but the sorewdriver bury in she calf . how she screah . he pull the blade cut and she roll over , erawle away from , he fast . wort ( cont no ) Ho , mar 'am . he grabe she by the ankle . more ( cont 'dj jo , mar 's a . Amy swing she other leg around hard and connect with he nose , break it with a wet sha . . he turn and look back at she as blood run down he lip . . mor ( cont would ) I be about do fussin with you . she drag herself to she foot and sace toward the back door . her right loafer , fill with blood , squelch and bmooches on she foot , she hit the screen door with both hand -- exe carin ~ lake side BAY 245 == and stagger out into the back yard . mort fly out the door behind she and slam inte she , a hard tackle . she bit the ground on she stomach , all he weight on she , and the air whooshes cut of har . mort climb off of she and flip har over . she 's gasping , the wind knock owt of she , unable to hreathe for the moment , gertainly unable to stand . mozt get up , leok around +- =~ and grab the shovel out of the pile of dirt in the back yard , mmort I be sorry , missus . hone of this be ty idea . it be Mr. rainey all along . 112 . , 02/12/2003 145 ) continued : 145 ( dexperate for air ) mort ... mort ' Cause right be right . aod fair be fair . fe come over and straddle she , hold the shovel in both hand . any you be ... mort and something have get to be do . amy you be mort rainay ... moré I get # place for you . be heft the shovel . you be mort retaoy . wort I get it all pick out . he raisez the shovel over he head , about to bring it down on she . any you be hort rainey ! mort pause . ( if we be listen carefuily at this poiat , we might bave just hear car tire on gravel . ) bmy ( cont have ) you ars mor rainey ; you be nort rainey ! mort 's brow furrow . ' the shovel lower , slightly at first . at tone change , become more soothing , she 's try like hell . amy ( cont would ) you be mort reiney . you name be mort gc reiney . @. 123 . 02/12/2003 45 145 com@inogp : ( 2 ) 146 the shovel lower evan more , mort 's think like crazy now , evan cock he head like a dog . amy ( cont would ) say it . you name . hort rainey . the shovel lower evan more , ha 's hold it across he waist qwow . be this it ? saz she do it ? heve she word reach bin ? at that very momant , we hear thundering feet inside the house , we see the outline of a man racing through the house , he calis out a name , we recognise the voice -- ted ( 0.8. } amt ?! = ~ and the back sorean door bang opan and ' Ted come barral outside , juet in time to mest -~ = < mort shovel , which he bring across hiz chest in a two hundred and seventy degree bassball swing that catch tad full in the face . heo . Amy 's vord do not reach bort . re be just listen . Zed fly off he foot and land on he back on the stair , snapping two vertebrae . Amy scream . she watch a , in a finsh , nort be stand over tad , raise the shovel again , thie tima like a long - handle axe over he head , and he bring it down on Ted 's head , we do not swe the death blow , but Ted 's head sound pratty much as you would think it would , like a overripa watermaion . Amy scream one more time , for good measure . mort turn to har , dn no mood to fuck around any longer , he walk toward she and xaisez the shovel up over he head and hesitates , just holdin it up there , over he head , decide whether or not to end this thing , and in that instant of indeciaion everything go black . bat bowie '’s store day 146 downtown tashmore Lake on a lovely fall day . the leave have change , so a few mouth must have go by . mort 's buick park im front of bowia 's stoze . e * 146 147 114 . 02/12/2003 continued : 246 mort climb out and head inte the store , weistling . two woman , the same two woman who watch he when he come ont of the post office with the feed ex package , stop where they be on the sidewalk as he approach . mort ' Morning , lady ! whe woman stare . ' the first woman whisper something to the becond woman . this time , the second woman do not laugh . they be afraid of hin , he 's 6.07 . in brentwood . int bowie' store day . 147 mort breeze inside . mort hiya , gerda ! derda doas not look at he , do not angwer . the entire place tense . mort head for the back counter , not the diner part , but tha store part . aw he pass the usual Department of Public Works guy have they breakfast at the counter , they turn they head , ona by on . after he pass . bot before . thare be no eye contact this tine . at the sack , mort cheerily pick a few item off the shelf , bring they over to tha counter as gerda mest he reluctantly at the xagister . hort ( cont have ) no time fox breakfast teday , I be afraid . . gerda ring up the item . ' there 's botter . Morton Salt . a stack of napkin . garda never look at hin . gerda six twanty -six . mort punk down a ten . mort how 's business ? gerda hand he he change , finally look hin in the sye . @. 147 148 145 41 . 02/12/2003 continued : 147 gerda be better . wort ab , it will pick up . always do , '' to everything there be a season . '' thanks , gerda ! he take he bag and leave , gerda watch he yo. cour to : ext cabin day 448 mort 's ¢abin , mort 's buick park in front . the tree change celer , you know , this place ia just absolutely beautiful . a police car rolis slewly into the driveway , '' tashmore Lake sheriff 's Department " on the side . in ? cabin - live room day the back door open and mort comen inte the cabin from the back , carry a banket of something from outside . dave newsome {through the soreasn ) Mr. rainay ? mort jump , startle . ea smile when he recognize newsome . 143 hort davel you startle I . dave neweome May I come int mort uh ... can you come back ? I 'ma little buey right now . | dave newsome ' fraid not , wr. rainey . official visit . but without anothar word , hort just turm and walk into the kitchen , carry he basket . Dave be surprised , fe open the screan door and come inside . he hear '' bump end clanging from the kitchen and walk slowly toward the swinging door . re push it open . @- 156 116 . 62/12/2603 int cabin ~- kitchen day 150 one hand still on the door , newsome gradually reveala the view into the kitchen . ' the place be a foul , fetid mess . there be stack of rotting corn husk everywhere , a hnge pot boil on the stove . mort chuck the basket he be carry into a corner of the kitehen beside twe othar . it 's full of freshiy pick ear of corn . neweoma look around , shocked . mort 's at the stove now , put on hot pade to remove tha boil pot . mort old you , Dave , I be kinda swampad . he carriaz the pot over to the sink and dump it into a large eteainer there . the boil water and bright yellow ear of eorn tumble out and steam billow up ovar mort 's head in a great hot cioud . mort ( cont would ) harvest time . / dave newsohe so I see . nort polis eff the hot pad and pluck the atill - steaming sare of corn from the strainer , place tham ia a bowl one by one . pause , than out with it : dave newsome {cont ' d ) we finally find Tom greenleaf 's car . seem it be at the bottem of dunsmcor quarry . . noxt do not answer , just carry the bowl of corn to the table and have a erat . : _ dave newsome ( cont would ) and old Tom be in it , along with another body . too decaye to identity cight off , but I get '' 6 hunch it 's gonna turn out to be that private dnvestigstor you hire down in the oity . but I expect you know that already . mort still do not answer , he pick a ear of corn and jab two of that prongy corn -sater thing inte the end . easier the eat that way , you do not get you fiager measy . e- 1i7 . 02/12/2003 150 150 continued : dave hewsome ( cont would ) and we find a wristwatch in the car , toc . I do not think there 's a soul in town have any doubt it 's gonna turn out the be yours . not with that dascziption . ' xeah , you have we run in circle for a few month there , I will give you that . we may never find what you do with the body of you wife aud fac milner , but we get ancugh now . hort alather go butter over the het aar of corn , it melt and azip onto the plate . dave newsome ( cont would ) there 's a half dozen fella from the rei on thair way up here right now to put you under arrest . should be here in three or four minute . I just want to tall you ayself , moxt sprinkle sait on the corn . dave newsone ( cont would ) do you hear what I say ? you be go to jail , Mr. rainey , and you will not be ooming out . mort oh , I *m not varry about that . the only thing that matter be the end . he be right to push mar on it . it 's the mest important part of a story , the end , he lcok up at the sheriff , he face full of the modest pride of oraitamanship . mort ( cont would ) I think I get it right this time . a perfect and . he hold the sax of corn up ia front of he , study the shiny yellow kernel , the beautiful coze buttar , the bright white flake of aalt . he recite from memory , in shooter 's voice : mort ( cont ‘d} '' I know I can do 1t , " tedd downey say , help himself to another ear of cern from the steaming bowl . '' I 'ot sure that in time every bit of ker will be go and she deat : will be a mystery . even to mar . eq ' iso 151 118 . 02/12/2003 comprwazd : { 2 ) 156 he lean forward to take a bite , clear we line of vision , and we notice something wave outside he kitchen window . corn stalk . we drift toward the wave green stalk , across the kitchen , out the open window -- ext house - lake side day ~~ and into the middle of the garden , once a bare patch of dirt , it 's now full of seven foot corn stalk , they taasala clicking against one another in the light breeze . we keep drift , but down now , down the length of the stalk , down where the irreguiar shaft of sunlight herely strike , past the base sf the stalk , down to the dirt and then iato the dirt , stili move , underground now , follow the root of the corn stalk into the moist black earth . . they go deep , this rect , thick at first , then thin , thin still , we be six foot undarground now and still follow the spidery tandriis of corn root down , past the corpse of bump the dog , all the way down -~ ~~ dato the decompose body of Amy rainey and she lover . int ei? chen day isi 252 mort perfect . crunchi mort sink he tooth inte the corn and tear the kernel free , butter run down he chin . fade out .