semi pro written by Scot armstrong June 2006 fade in : ext . the staples CENTER - present day we hear the faint sound of a crowd cheer on kobe Bryant . the real Bob costas do narration . bob costas ( v.0 . ) before the NBA be the NBA , there be another basketball league in America ... documentary footage : this be real aba footage . a series of great play be make by aba star . bob costas ( v.0 . ) . from 1967 to 1976 , there be the american basketball Association . a maverick minor - league that would change the game forever . the aba make the fast break fast ... invent the three point shot ... and introduce the world to something call the slam dunk Contest . documentary footage : Dr. J launch from the foul line and dunk in the world 's first dunk contest . David Thompson finish a alley oop . bob costas ( v.0 . ) Singer Pat boone own the oakland oak . wilt chambelain coach the conquistadors . I myself be the young voice of the St. Louis spirit . documentary footage : a young Bob costas broadcast from St. Louis , look pretty sweet in side burn and a tweed jacket . bob costas ( v.o. ) player like Dr. J , ice-man George gervin and mose malone be as entertaining as they come . but despite the league 's flair , convincing fan to show up for game be often a struggle . documentary footage : the infamous tv interview where freddy Lewis win a ' race horse . ' footage of ' dime beer night . ' footage of the kentucky colonial field a cheerleader as one of they start five . 2 . bob costas ( v.0 . ) for owner , promotional idea become a art form all to themselves . documentary footage : the Miami Ball Girls dance in bikinis ( in truth , some of the girl be still in high school ) . bob costas ( v.0 . ) one night , the net go as far as to give a free gerbil to it 's first fifty fan ... there be plenty of punch too , give the National hockey League a run for it 's money . documentary footage : a guy elbow connie hawkins , who turn and punch the guy in the face . bob costas ( v.0 . ) yes , the aba have a style all it 's own . the hair be big , the short be short and the ball be red , white and blue . documentary footage : Harry ' the fat mexican guy ' dance . bob costas ( v.0 . ) in 1976 , rumor of a merger spread throughout the league . in the end , only four team would join the NBA and survive . quick cut : the pacer . the nugget . the nets . the spur . bob costas ( v.0 . ) team like the kentucky colonel and the Virginia squire would disappear forever . but they spirit still life on to this day . ext . a basketball stadium - 1976 we hear a crowd go crazy . bob costas ( v.0 . ) here , we present the legend of the aba ... exactly as it happen . some funky music play . bob costas ( v_o_ ) except , this flint Michigan team never exist . 3. ( beat ) and , well , everything in this movie be completely fake . int . amigo stadium - day title card : anaheim amigo stadium , 1976 . close on : a logo of a basketball with a sombrero on it . " let' go amigos ! " welcome to the american basketball Association . a fan chug he beer and throw some guacamole . the crowd scream and curse at monix , mid 40' -- talented , but past he prime . ( there be three lead character in this movie . this be the old rock . think nolte in 48 hour . cosner in Durham . Newman in slap shot ) . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) the amigo be up by one here . they will need to find a way to stop monix . he check the clock , wait ... and now drive the lane ... monix suddenly take a huge hit , totally slammed by a big asshole , petrelli . he fly into the crowd -- everyone erupt , scream with glee . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) ooh , monix get take out hard . some tough love from patrelli . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) what !? where 's the foul on that ? that be all ball . ( cover mic , scream ) Jesus Christ Leonard ! let they play for once ! this be not fuckin' greenpeace ! live aba radio ( v.0 . ) some might say that be a close call , but this referees have do a nice job tonight . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) ' oh please . this ref suck . still stick in the crowd . monix struggle to get back on the court . the crowd shove he around , twist he ankle , slapping he . the crowd be nut . 4. drunk lady hey monix , want a sip ? monix be confuse , until the woman throw the beer in he face . drunk lady ( smart ass ) oops . she and she friend laugh . monix say nothing . instead , he hold he aching back and limp up to the foul line , annoyed . patrelli ( smiling ) sorry , monix , I get push . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) well , it look like the amigo be in trouble here . monix be a ninety percent shooter , if he can hit both of this free throw , it 's over . monix perform he ancient free throw ritual : Three dribble and a quick spin of the ball . but he miss . drunk lady ha . nice shot monix ! you fuckin ' suck , man ! you suck donkey dick . again , monix ignore the drunk lady . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) they dodge a bullet there . but monix still have one last chance to tie it up . monix focus on he ritual again . drunk lady what be you waiting for ? shoot the ball you pussy ! monix aim at the basket , about to shoot , but then suddenly whip the ball hard at the lady , pegging her in the face . drunk lady ahh ! live aba radio ( v.0 . ) ( be : nail the girl ) and the second free throw sail wide . 5 . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) yes ! he just peg a chick ! that 's the great thing I have ever see . the lady run on court and attack monix , she boyfriend jump in -- monix hit she boyfriend with some quick hockey punch . the bench clear , everyone be punch everybody . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) ( be : violent fist fight ) and we have get a little bit of push and shove under the basket . what do you make of this , Lou ? lou redwood ( v.0 . ) I be goin ' in . Lou redwood take he headphone off , climb over the announcer 's table and jump into the fight . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) alright then . ( beat ) more on this amigo victory , right after this message from colt 45 . int . locker room - later monix be beat up pretty bad . he dab he cut with toilet paper . schnack ( o.s . ) want one ? schnack , the owner , carry a six pack of schlitz . monix I will take two . schnack hand they over . monix might speak , but he drink instead . schnack so , monix . the trade go through . monix really ? ( beat ) for who ? 6 . schnack you know , you be not exactly a spring chicken anymore ... monix just tell I . schnack that score board . angle on : piece of a old scoreboard be cramme into the back of the locker room . schnack it 's a magnovox . ( beat ) tell I : what the Hell do you want to get trade back to flint for , of all place ? please tell I this be not about Lynn . monix you still owe I $ 400 . dissolve to : ext . flint michigan - night a wide shot of the flint Michigan skyline . title card : flint , michigan ecu : a old tv . a commercial plays : super-cool clarence wither , 20 's African - american , walk around a pet store . this guy be all flash . he spin a ball on he finger , but he 's more bootsy Collins than Dr. J . clarence ( v.0 . ) ( on tv ) do not get all lonely on I people , get yourself a dog or a cat or some - - ( study a weird animal ) or a couple of this , from pet galaxy . when I be not dribble between my leg or sink jump shot , I be buy animal . and if this be not thebeststore in flint Michigan ( be :hisafro ) I will shave this off . nojoke . make a fast break overtopet galaxy . and be sure to tell them sugar dunkerton send you . 7 . with that , clarence chest - pass the ball out of frame and smile . int . quincy be bbq - night we pull back to see the tv be on inside a restaurant , quincy 's bbq . reveal : clarence . the guy from the tv be also a waiter in this restaurant . he 's take a order from some customer . customer hey , be not that you just now , there on the tv ? clarence yeah , so ? customer what be you wait on we for , if you be a basketball star ? clarence who the Hell areyou , the barbecue police ? tell youwhat , I have get the note pad , so I 'llaskthe question : do youwanta baked potato with that ? customer the tv say you name be sugar dunkerton . how come you name - tag do not say that ? clarence ' Cause I change my name , that 's why . customer woman ( read he name tag ) downtown funky -stuff malone ? clarence you like it ? customer woman I guess it 's fine . clarence it be not fine . ( as in smooth ) it 's fine ... 8 a large woman , quincy -- clarence 's Mom -- yell from the kitchen . quincy hey clarence ! clarence downtown ! ms. quincy I never name no son of mine downtown ! clarence then I can't hear a GOD damn thing . ms. quincy it's seven forty - five , you better get you ass out of here . clarence shit. ( to the customer ) it 's be a pleasure serve you . clarence toss he note pad on the table and he mother toss he he duffle bag . ms. quincy and do not think I do not see that cotton brief of yours in there . clarence stay outta my stuff ! ms. quincy do not you know we ancestor have to pick that cotton ? get yourself some silk underpant . have some respect . clarence panty be silk . brief be cotton . I be out of here . jackie moon ( o.s. ) lady and gentleman , please rise ... ext . flint fairground coliseum - night welcome to flint Michigan fairground coliseum , basketball 's end of the world . this be more like a shitty airplane hanger than a stadium . 9. jackie moon ( o.s. ) . for the National anthem ... of you flint Michigan tropic . music cue : some serious DISCO boogie int . flint michigan fairground coliseum - lobby - continuous we pan some still photo of jackie moon in the lobby . picture 1 : the one-hit-wonder , Jackie moon be on a album cover , shirtless , petting a white leopard . jackie moon ( v.0 . ) baby , who want to ; love I sexy . baby , be you ready to ; lick I sexy . picture 2 : Jackie Moon in reno , sing with Pat boone . he hold up he only hit single . picture 3 : Jackie be get marry to lucy moon . she 's the hot girl in the world . jackie moon ( v.0 . ) take off you shoe and ; suck I sexy . baby , we be naked and we're ; humping sexy -- picture 4 : Jackie hand over a giant check , purchasing the flint tropic . ext . flint michigan fairground coliseum - night Center court , we finally see jackie moon . he sport a perm , lamb chop sideburn and black frame glass . he continue to sing this song of he own creation ... jackie moon ( singing ) oh yeah , baby , who want to ; love I sexy . baby , be you ready to ; lick I sexy . Jackie Moon be a sight to see . his one-hit-wonder be ridiculous . but you have to admit it 's catchy . quick cut : the retarded world of the flint tropic : the crowd : under 100 people be in the stand , but they be high energy . lot of drink and dance . 10 . jackie moon ( v.0 . ) take off you shoe and ; suck I sexy . the ball girl : they bounce around in shiny - funky hot pants -- dance cool , but not in sync . when it come to ball girl , flint deliver . the tropical aisle : a rowdy bunch be deck out in Hawaiian shirt and pack in behind the visiter 's bench , look for trouble . the scoreboard : the magnovox have be sell . the tropic now do it by hand . jackie moon ( v.0 . ) baby , we be naked and we're ; humping sexy ... angle on darren and jody : two kid in wheel chair be park next to the hardwood , eat nacho and drink giant coke . opposing player ( to kid in wheel chair ) hey there son , what 's you name ? wheelchair darren fuck you , mitchstien . wheelchair jody yeah . throw any elbow tonight and we will pound you fuckin ' head into the floor . music cue : ' too hot to handle ' by heatwave . with that , the light go out , pitch black . a spot light drop on Jackie Moon . jackie moon so tell I flint , be we hot enough ? who' ready for some hot , luscious , flint tropic action ? the crowd cheer , but not all that loud . Jackie look off screen and nod off screen . bobby dee work some sound effect , dial up a knob that say crowd noise . the speaker be blow , but they be loud . jackie moon now , herex the starting line up for you flint michigan tropic ! 11 . ( beat ) at ball girl , measure thirty four , twenty two , thirty six , melin - daaaaaaa . melinda shake she perfect measurement in the spotlight , then do a series of cartwheel . jackie moon I be live a dream , flint and I know you be too . ( boom voice again ) at guard , from Peoria Illinois , six foot one -- this guy 's single and he can cook lasagna , I have see he do it -- twiggy -- munsonnnnnnn ! Bobby Dee hit the disco ball as twiggy trot out . jackie moon from south bend indiana , the man with a heart of gold , he brother 's a retard , six foot one , he drive down to visit all the time , at forward , he read to he , bee bee ellisssssss ! bee bee ellis do a cartwheel into a round off . jackie moon you man in the middle . Seven foot two , from the people 's Republic of uzbechistan , he 's tall , he 's sensitive -- love candle light and long walk on the beach -- vakidis roscovenskiiiiiiii ! ( vakidis remain seat ) vakidis , that 's you man , I call you name . ( no response ) vakidis ! c'mon dude , let 's go , get it together . player push the giant vakidis out onto the court . jackie moon now this next guy , where do I start ? first of all , that wife of he , she be ... wow. ( gesture be : she chest ) canon , people . if you know what I be say . I do not think she 's here tonight , but if she be you would see what I be talk about . 12 . he 's a small forward , the luckiest man in flint : scootsie double - dayyyyyyy ! scootsie double Day ' pop and lock ' he way onto the court . jackie moon and finally : the man you have be wait for , six foot four , a solid , meaty , two hundred fifteen pound , you pre-game announcer , you owner , you coach , you pop sing sensation , but most importantly , you power forward ... your truly ... jackie m00000000n !!! Jackie take off he blazer , twirl it , then toss it off screen . it 's game time . at center court , player / owner / coach jackie huddle they up . jackie moon alright you guy , let 's huddle up ! ( vakidis be wander ) vakidis ! where 's he walk to ? Kong , get vakidis . a very short asian man , kong , nod . the uniform hang on he tiny body . kong you get it boss . jackie moon ( now huddle up ) let 's put on a good show tonight , okay ? let 's keep it in the air , keep shoot , look for the baseball pass , launch some early three to set the tone . bee bee , try and do that no - look behind you back thing , I love that , okay ? now let 's bring it in . one two three -- everyone ( together ) let' get tropical ! reveal : a orange cone sit over a puddle on the court . as the tropic break the huddle , Jackie talk to the overweight father PAT the ref . 13 . jackie moon ( smart ass ) hey , you lose weight , Father Pat ? father PAT the ref oh , fuck off . what 's with the cone tonight Jackie ? Jackie point up to a leak in the ceiling . jackie moon for safety . just then , vakidis jog over , slipping horribly in the puddle , rip he groin . bobby dee ( v.0 . ) ( as p.a. announcer ) okay tropic fan , it 's time to guess today 's attendance ... be it a ) 9,254 . B ) 10,506 .. or C ) 91 tip off : the tropic gain possession . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) scootsie drop it in low to player - owner - coach Jackie Moon . known best for he aggressive defense , lead the team in rebound . he 's a animal under the board Lou . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) you be damn right . he may not be black , but he can play basketball . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) now , look at this , Jackie wave the rest of he team away , look for the isolation . this fan be in for a real treat . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) he look to be set up he ' tear Drop from hade . ' live aba radio ( v.0 . ) Jackie be shoot thirty - nine percent from the field , but the crowd always love to see he go for it . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) he 's a true showman . 14 . Jackie dribble hard to the hoop , toss up a high arcing baby hook . airball . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) airball . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) yep , a Polish swish . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) scootsie double - Day get the offensive rebound and Jackie call for it again , try to establish the low post early . Jackie hold the ball , prepare for another ' tear Drop from hade ' ... but now he suddenly get distract by something up in the stand . jackie moon ( into the stand ) hey ! ravi ! what the hell be you do , man ? in the stand : a pakistani vendor , ravi , be pouring cheese on some nachos . ravi what ? jackie moon enough with the cheese already . more chip , less cheese , how many time do I have to tell you ? whistle ! Jackie 's be walk with the ball . father PAT the ref wear a holy collar with pin strip over it . father PAT the . ref travel . jackie moon travel !?... on who ? father PAT the ref on you . jackie moon that 's bullshit , Father Pat ! Jackie , furious , slam the ball down on the floor . 15 . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) Jackie Moon . the most passionate man in sport . ext . flint fairground coliseum - meanwhile some hot girl in short hold up a sign that say ' all STAR parking . ' Ms. quincy 's bbq delivery truck rip into the lot . clarence skid to a stop . int . flint michigan fairground coliseum - continuous the crowd look off camera and suddenly erupt . clarence enter out of the tunnel , he take a bite of a hershey bar , then gesture to the crowd , give the international symbol for ' let 's get funky . ' bobby dee ( v.0 . ) lady and gentleman , put you hand together for downtown funky - stuff malone ! clarence toss the half eat candy bar , wipe he hand off on he jersey and jog right out onto the court during the game , tagging he teammate out as if it be pick up . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) downtown , waste no time enter the game -- tagging out vakidis roscovenski . . claw coach ( to the ref ) c'mon Father Pat , he 's get to check into the game do not he ? the ref just shrug . downtown call for the ball and get it . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) downtown dribble leave , then right a little shake and bake through the leg -- double team now , he 's get twiggy munson open under the basket . downtown , still with the ball , dribble behind he back , they triple he , he 's get munson and Ellis wide open under the hoop , but look at this move ! the entire other team leave they man and guard clarence five on one , but clarence never pass . his four teammate watch from under the basket . 16 . despite he selfish attitude , it 's clear clarence actually have some serious talent . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) downtown have all five guy on he -- he sprint to the corner and force up a fade away three ... yes ! wow . you think this league 's go bankrupt ? well , think again . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) people call he selfish . I call he the great show in short . int . locker room - half time close on : a old - timey photo of a man with a handle - bar moustache . it 's be autograph by the inventor of basketball : ' go tropic ! - James naismith ' the team enter the locker room happy , even though they be lose badly at half time . jackie moon yes ! Nice first half guy ! that 's what I call flint tropic 's basketball ! ( beat ) I have be tell you all season , we be about to make a run . flint Michigan be destine for greatness . ( at the chalkboard ) twiggy , enough with the bounce pass , let 's show some zip . bee bee , try not to get foule so much , free throw take too long . scootsie , what do I tell you about catch with two hand .? God give you one hand for a reason : to look awesome . Jackie point to the chalkboard . where one of he catchy slogan be spell out . jackie moon let 's stay focus on the four ' d's ' ( point to the board ) dangerous , dangerous , dangerous , dunk . remember : this be not just a basketball team . it 's a lifestyle . 17 . everyone clap . meanwhile , clarence grab a bunch of hair product and go to work . but he notice something . clarence yo , Jackie , be the wash machine break ? angle on : a few worker be take out the wash machine . jackie moon listen up guy : I have get some good news and I have get some bad news . the good news be , we be get rid of that piece of shit wash machine . the bad news be , everyone do they laundry at home from now on . towel too . everyone complain . boo etc . Jackie turn to bobby dee a ' front office ' guy . jackie moon and Bobby Dee , I need you to clean out you desk . bobby dee no . I have kid . jackie moon you be not fire . I sell you desk . bobby dee oh. jackie moon ( to the team ) and I be go to shed a few locker , so everyone 's get a locker buddy . clarence forget that . I need my own locker ... for the panty dropper . clarence reveal he ' panty dropper ' a brown full - length leather coat . jackie moon Fine . now , there 's one last thing : I have add some depth to the roster . I think he could deliver some firepower . 18 . clarence firepower ? who would you hire ? jackie moon at guard , six one , the hometown kid , from you very own flint Michigan -- he punch in bunch Ed monixxxxxxxx ! we hear a toilet flush . monix exit the bathroom stall buttone he pants . monix you be out of toilet paper . monix do not receive a warm welcome . it 's more of a stare - off . jackie moon okay , now , I know everyone in this room have probably be punch in the face by monix at one time or another . ( scootsie fume ) one of you may have even have you collar bone break , twice . but that 's in the past now and - bobby dee ( o.s . ) yo , Jackie , you be on in two . jackie moon thanks Bobby . ( almost to himself ) I love half time . ( abruptly to monix ) anyway , welcome aboard . ( leaving ) one last thing : if you see a possum try and kill it . with that , Jackie leave . monix face he team in silence . monix so . who want to be my locker buddy ? int . flint michigan fairground coliseum - meanwhile it 's half time show . Jackie have pull a lucky contestant from the audience . 19 . duke , the contestant , be shirtless with jeans , with a star - spangle bandana over a mullet . he play with a ball a little . a giant five by ten check be propped up , with the word ' ten thousand dollar ' write in glitter . jackie moon lady and gentleman , this man be about to attempt the impossible . the $ 10,000 full court shot . so , tell I , what 's you name ? duke duke . jackie moon okay , duke . you feel it ? duke yeah dude . jackie moon what be you go to spend all of you money on if you win ? a shirt ? duke yeah man , a shirt . ha ! whoooo ! jackie moon okay people , duke be excited . let 's get some clap go as he prepare himself for the impossible . ( lead the clap ) this be drama , folk ! c'mon now , let 's hear it ! the $ 10,000 shot people , let 's hear it !!! for the first time , duke look kind of serious . he size up the distant hoop ... jackie moon ( do play by play ) he look ready ... and ... here he go ! a uncoordinate baseball pass ... sail off into the distance ... and ... swish ! the crowd can not believe they eye . 20 . jackie' face turn ghost white . jackie moon shit . duke yes !!! holy shit dude !!! i'm a MIRACLE !! Jackie be freaking out . duke have just win $ 10,000 ! duke run around court , shirtless , leaping in celebration . jackie moon ( to Father Pat the ref ) do he step on the line ? father PAT the ref no , it be legal . he make it . jackie moon who the Hell have $ 10,000 ? I sure he step on the line , you know what I be say ? father PAT the ref ( get the hint ) listen to this crowd . you can not screw a kid over like that . people will kill you . he 's right . the crowd be too hype for Jackie to explain that he 's break . jackie moon ( accept he fate ) fuck I . jackie hand duke the giant cardboard check made out for $ 10,000 , in glitter . jackie moon ( pretend to be happy ) congratulation duke ! you just won a giant check that say ten thousand dollar ! ( fake it to the crowd ) look at the size of this thing ! let' hear it for duke ! 21 . int . lynn' house - meanwhile a beautiful , down to earth woman , lynn , 30' , be read a book . in the background , she boyfriend , kyle , be listen to the tropic game on the radio . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) monix be a all - american at Michigan State , but then go on to a disappoint journeyman career in the NBA . but he do manage to sit on the bench with the world champion Boston celtic year ago and win a ring . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) ( on radio ) I should hire he agent . Kyle listen to this and yell to the other room . kyle hey honey , guess who get trade to flint ? lynn I do not know , who ? kyle monix . the word monix stop she in she track . lynn monix ? kyle yeah ! he 's already get a NBA ring , but he 's still play ... in flint . can you believe it ? lynn no , I can not . Lynn close she book , fidgety ... kyle they say he ask to be trade . who the Hell leave California to come here ? I love this guy . music cue : the brother johnson ' get the funk outta my face . ' 22. ext . / int . jackie' monte carlo - night Jackie cruise the street of flint in a pimp out monte Carlo . he 's get chrome rim and a gold grill . the interior be wall to wall carpete . he swig a beer as he turn . jackie moon ( sing with car stereo ) get the funk outta-of - my-face ... a sign say : the kremlin . Jackie roll up and park in a reserve parking space . he roll up the window and lock the door by hand and exit . reveal : jackie have giant ice pack tape to he knee , Patrick ewing style , right over he slack . a police officer drink , in uniform , outside . cop what 's up Jackie ? jackie moon not much . cop ( be : the big ice pack ) you knee okay ? jackie moon oh yeah . just icing they down . int . the kremlin - night ' the kremlin ' be rock . the beer be serve in can only . ball girl maggie ( o.s. ) hey Jackie ! jackie moon well look at you ! you look beautiful . what 's different ? ball girl maggie I dyed my hair . jackie moon no , that 's not it ... do you tit get bigger ? ball girl maggie no . 23. jackie moon do not lie to I . that thing get bigger . ball girl maggie no , they be the same . jackie moon well , good job . Jackie keep walk , bump into ms . quincy , clarence 's mother . ms. quincy yo Jackie . you know , that wife of yours have be make out with that Mark spitz lookin ' motherfucker all night . she gesture to a guy who 's lip-locked with Jackie 's wife . lucy moon unbutton she fur coat . jackie moon oh . it 's okay , Lucy and I have get a open relationship . ms. quincy I know that . but he 's about to suck on she damn tit , right here in front of all this people . jackie moon she 's hot right ? what can I say , we be freedom lover . ( call off to he wife ) hey honey ! Lucy Moon ignore he , only make out harder . jackie moon ( to he wife ) right on ! ( to quincy ) I be not jealous . it 's a sweet deal for both of we . ms. quincy have you ever sleep with another woman ? jackie moon I could . that 's the beauty of it . no ball and chain here . 24 . I can just go for it . you know , if I ever get invite to some cool orgy , it 's definitely not a problem at all . ms. quincy have you ever be to a orgy ? jackie moon pshh . be you kid ? when have not I be ? int . the kremlin - at a table - meanwhile monix be hang out with bee bee Ellis , scootsie double Day and twiggy munson . they all do a shot together . bee bee ellis I hear Jackie be go to go to some owner 's meeting . what do you think that 's about ? monix I do not know , but it can not be good . twiggy munson hey , let 's see that championship ring , monix . scootsie double -day yeah , you promise we could see the ice . monix take the ring out . it hang from he neck . monix look at this piece . it say celtic right there in diamond . scootsie double -day why do not you wear it on you finger ? monix I do not know , I just like to wear it around my neck , that 's all . now clarence chime in without look over ... clarence not everyone sit around dream of play in the NBA , you know . 25 . scootsie double -day maybe not . but you do . twiggy munson yeah , that 's all you ever talk about . monix you be not jealous , be you clarence ? clarence no one call I clarence . bee bee ellis his name 's downtown . monix okay downtown . I will make sure downtown be only refer to as downtown , okay downtown ? clarence do not think I do not know what you be do . you be do that thing where you pretend to mean what you say , but you do not . bee bee ellis sarcasm . clarence yeah . how would you like that sarcasm smack off you face ? monix bring it , funky stuff . bee bee ellis that 's sarcasm , man . he 's do it again ! clarence ( to bee bee ) I get this , alright ? monix square off with a smile that say ' hit I . ' clarence take off he leather full length and fold it nicely . clarence ( in monix 's face ) how would you like a knuckle sandwich ? 26 . monix knuckle sandwich ? who say that ? clarence I do motherfucker . I be gonna pound you so hard , you be -- monix rear he fist back , about to release a strong popeye hook -- clarence wait ! clarence immediately switch gear , putting he hand up like a scare little girl . clarence ( like a sissy ) -- wait ! okay ? cool cool cool . chill out , man , alright ? we're cool -- bam . monix punch clarence in the stomach anyway . bee bee ellis yesss ! I like it ! it's our own team , but I like it . one of the party people , a ball girl , gayle , interrupt . gayle Excuse I boy . you mind , if I borrow you friend for a minute ? int . dance floor - meanwhile Jackie be dance to he own song , still wear the ice pack on he knee . the song end and a different one start . jackie moon ( look to the dj ) hold on a second . melinda what 's wrong ? jackie moon where 's the boogie ? Jackie fight he way through the crowd to the dj booth . jackie moon ( to dj , over music ) hey ! where' the boogie ? 27 . dj I already played you song four time . jackie moon get up . dj no . you can't keep do this , jackie . i'm the dj . jackie moon ( take over as dj ) not any more . you 're on snack patrol . screech -- the music stop . jackie moon ( into the mic ) the year be 1973 . a young musician name Jackie Moon , finish year of musical training , only to find he be a slave to the note on the page . he know it 's time to break free . in a sudden fit of creative mastery , he grab a pen and a napkin and write a song that break all the rule . lady and gentleman ... let 's get sweaty . music cue : Jackie 's song . everyone go crazy . jackie moon ( v.0 . ) ( studio version ) baby , who want to ; love I sexy . baby , be you ready to ; lick I sexy . take off you shoe and ; suck I sexy . baby , we be naked and we're ; humping sexy -- int . daiquiri room - night gayle and monix walk upstairs into the ' coolest ' room ever . carpet on the ceiling , a plaid couch , a fish tank , a water bed , mirror , etc . gayle I be glad they trade for you , I get myself a cute one . monix so , this be the daiquiri room ? 28 . lucy moon ( o.s . ) that 's right . reveal : lucy moon , Jackie 's wife , be on the couch . she 's the hot girl in the world . lucy moon what do you think , gayle ? do he like it with my boot on , or do he like my boot off ? gayle he seem like a boot on kind of guy . lucy moon then it look like I be ready . as soon as you slide this short off of I . monix be not you Jackie 's wife ? lucy moon he know about the daiquiri room . gayle it 's a new tradition we be start , when new player join . monix I see . well , I be go to have to pass . I be good , thanks . lucy moon honey , you do not know what good be . with that , Lucy flick on the stereo -- music cue : the bar keys ' too hot to stop . ' monix listen um ... ( i.e. what 's you name ? ) gayle my name be ' no string attach . ' lucy moon you can call I Mrs. Moon . gayle and Lucy perform a funky / seductive dance , move closer and closer to monix . 29 . monix I do not think this be go to happen , Mrs. Moon . lucy moon it have to . gayle it 's bad luck if you do not . monix yeah , I would hate to bring bad luck to flint Michigan . Lucy have spray some whip cream on she nipple . lucy moon ( whip cream ) why do not you lick this clean for I ? monix I can not eat dairy . Lucy decide that now be a good time to aggressively kiss he . monix push she away . monix Nice tit , Mrs. Moon . I gotta go . monix walk down the stair . lucy moon ( call after he ) I see what this be : you want we to send Eric and Marcus up here ? on the way out , monix flick she off . int . lynn' house - later that night Lynn be asleep next to Kyle . she awake to someone pound on the door . ext . lynn' front yard - night Lynn have arrive at the screen door . monix , waste , do not notice Lynn yet , he keep pound until she open it . lynn why be you here ? 30 . monix I get trade . lynn I mean , why be you here ? monix can we talk ? kyle ( o.s. ) -- yo , monix , you be waste ! ha ! Kyle have come out to say hi . monix yeah . sorry man -- kyle what 's up ! that of jump shot of yours be not break yet , be it ? monix no. ha. kyle great back door cut for the lay - up in the third . that 's how basketball should be play . monix Kyle , can you give we a second ? we need to talk . kyle no problem . great game tonight man . monix why do you boyfriend like I so much ? lynn you be he favorite player . monix look , there be still some thing I think we need to talk about . lynn I have already say everything I be ever go to say to you . 31 . monix I see . ( beat ) well , I guess I will be leave then . monix walk away ... then turn back . monix you be really not go to stop I ? lynn no. monix walk more , until Lynn speak . lynn you be go to end up walk with a cane the rest of you life . you have to quit . monix and do what ? lynn I do not know ... kill yourself , I guess . monix kill myself ? lynn you act like there 's nothing else in the world besides basketball . if that 's how you really feel , then go ahead and get it over with . I be go to sleep . monix thanks for the pep . talk . lynn no problem . monix Lynn . ( she open the door again ) can I ask you for one favor ? lynn you want a favor ? monix my knee . 32 . lynn oh , Jesus Christ monix . it 's 4 a.m . Lynn stare at he in disbelief . monix shrug . monix no one here can drain it right . lynn Fine . monix nod , then make a move toward the door . lynn no . you be not come in . we will do it in the yard . dissolve to : int . jackie' monte carlo - day later Jackie drive in he car , practice for the meeting . try to build some confidence . jackie moon ( into the rear view , very civilize ) well , hello commissioner -- why sure , I would love one of you Puerto rican cigar -- oh , I know I be a legitimate owner , you do not have to tell I that -- we be merge with the NBA ? oh , that 's nice -- ha ha ha ! good one , commish ... ext . indianapolis - continuous a brick building on the outskirt of Indianapolis . a sign say . welcome aba owner . Jackie pull into the lot and park . he look in the mirror one last time . jackie moon you Mom would be proud of you today . int . conference room - continuous not-quite - Rich guy surround a large oak table . jackie be by far the youngest of the owner . 33. commish . I be sure each of you have hear the rumor . and I be here to tell you , the rumor be true . the aba will be merge with the NBA at the end of this season . jackie moon yes !!! ( to a old guy ) give I ten , norton ! yes !! ( fist to the ceiling ) everyone can eat shit ! I am the greatest man in the world ! commish we league be sell . and the NBA agree to all of we financial demand ! now Jackie turn inward , more quietly intense . this be , without question , the great moment of he life . jackie moon ( to himself ) you be a real owner . you be in the NBA . commish four of we team will be absorb into the NBA family , the rest of you will terminate operation . jackie moon exactly ! you know it ! ( now hearing ) I be sorry , wait , what ? commish the nugget , the net , the spur and the pacer will play in the NBA next year . the rest of we will dissolve . jackie moon dissolve ? dissolve , like , how ? how do I dissolve into the NBA ? the win owner look at each other , not sure how to handle Jackie . jackie moon what 's happen ? 34 . commish I be sorry Jackie . we all know how . emotional you get . we wait until the very last second to tell you . Jackie pound the table . jackie moon no. no ! no !!! he kick over he chair ... the commish we know you be upset , Jackie . but you will be very well compensate . losing owner # 1 everyone 's agree to a very large sum . jackie moon I do not want a sum ! I want my team ! ( to the lose owner ) c'mon you guy , you be not go to just sit here and take the money , be you ? they be . jackie moon ( to win owner ) what do the spur have that we do not ? the commish a huge fan base . a brand new stadium . a solid economic growth package , include strong tax incentive . jackie moon oh , c'mon , that 's bullshit ! commish the NBA be take four team , Jackie , there 's nothing I can do . Jackie go quiet , think ... a epic idea hit he . jackie moon the best four team should go . 35 . commish what ? jackie moon forget the huge fan base , the stadium , the economic ... ( a little lose ) grow ... package ... invention ... winning owner # 1 ( correct he ) economic growth pack -- jackie moon I know what I say ! ( to the room ) the four team with the best record should merge . losing owner # 2 he 's right . losing owner # 1 yeah , that 's the fairest way . commish this four team do have the best record . flint 's only win six game all year ! jackie moon so far . the season be not over . losing owner # 2 yeah , maybe we should finish the season first . commish this plan sound like a lot of fun , but it 's too late . the commissioner , I , have already decide . losing owner # 2 actually , the term of a merger can only be approve by a league mandate . jackie moon yes . that 's right . what he say . 36 . losing owner # 1 I move that we vote on the term of the merger . ext . flint michigan fairground coliseum - next day the team sit around the parking lot , sit on they duffle bag , deject . Jackie be have a team meeting . jackie moon c'mon you guy , let 's try to stay psyched . this be a chance to become a real NBA franchise ! clarence there 's no way we can make it to fourth place . it 's mathematically impossible . jackie moon I run the number . all we have to do be win about eighty - two percent of we remain game . clarence eighty - two percent ? be not that a lot ? jackie moon oh , c'mon ! we just gotta start hit we three . ( guy look around , unsure ) listen , I know this seem like bad news , but it do not have to be . this be a big road trip for we . we have just get to start play solid flint basketball . scootsie double -day I do not know . we suck , man . jackie slap scootsie . jackie moon ( be : the slap ) sorry . jackie slap he again , harder . jackie moon we do not suck , okay ? we just have to want it ! 37 . pumped , Jackie walk around with he hand on he hip . bee bee ellis what do you think , monix ? all eye turn on the grumpy one . monix I think we suck . jackie moon well ... see , now there 's some team unity ! now let 's load up the jet . reveal : a shitty school bus have the word ' the jet ! ' spray - paint in graffiti letter with a palm tree next to it . jackie moon ( as they load up ) now we have get a special treat . you know I take care of my family . today , the jet be cater . I have downtown 's Mom pack we some hot dish . bee bee ellis Ms. quincy 's hot dish ? sweet ! int . bus - continuous the guy load up . it 's so pack it 's ridiculous . everyone try to stuff they gear somewhere and sit down . Jackie carry a big pot of hot dish , accidentally burn scootsie 's back . scootsie double -day ah , watch the hot dish , man . jackie moon sorry scootsie . twiggy munson hey Jackie , there 's some dude out there , want to talk to you . Pov : out the window , we can see duke , the full court shot winner , hold he giant check and look into the bus . he 's still shirtless , with a star-spangled headband . ext . flint fairground coliseum - moment later Jackie and duke be next to the bus , discuss the check . 38 . duke I try Jackie . they will not take it . they say it 's ' symbolic . ' jackie moon what do symbolic mean ? duke I do not know . but they say I need a real check . jackie moon I do not know what you bank be talk about . that be a real check . I sign it myself . duke it 's write in glitter , dude . can not you just give I , like , a regular size one ? jackie moon I do not get it . people be usually able to cash this . maybe you should try another bank . ( try to wrap it up ) if you run into any more trouble , let I know . duke okay Jackie , thanks man . jackie moon any time , congratulation . Jackie turn away from duke and exhales , walk back to the bus . music cue : ' short people ' by randy newman . ext . the highway - day we be fly down the highway . int . the jet - day Kong , the small asian player , be drive , sing along with Jackie to the radio ... jackie moon &amp ; kong ( sing Randy Newman ) short people got , no reason ... 39 . short people got , no reason ... short people got , no reason to live Jackie reach up into a special bin and take out some beef jerky , then yell out the window . jackie ( out the window at a car ) you in - the -green -car got , no reason to live ... Pan back to see the whole team cramme into tiny seat . vakidis have he knee point straight toward the ceiling . twiggy munson be read ' 70 's pornography . clarence be sewing a new name onto he jersey . the rest of the guy be eat they hot dish . monix so , clarence , what 's in this ' hot dish ' anyway ? clarence my Mom cook you ass a whole damn meal , why you gotta go ask what 's in it ? monix it 's a compliment . it 's good . clarence if it 's good , then it 's good . why do you gotta know what 's in it ? what 's in hot dish ? hot dish be in hot dish , asshole . bee bee and scootsie look over the seat , face they . bee bee ellis hey monix , what be the celtic like ? monix they be fast . scootsie double -day fast ? no one 's faster than I . I should be on the celtic . monix ( point to he mind ) fast up here . 40 . bee bee ellis you be suppose to be Mr. smartball . why would you get bounce ? monix well , you have to be able to jump too . scootsie double -day hey , let we see that ring again . monix not right now , okay twiggy ? clarence be not it a little embarrassing wear that thing everyday ? monix embarrassing ? clarence you call yourself a celtic ? you sit through every single playoff game . you do not see action once . and now you walk around wear the ice like you be Bill russel . well you be not . bee bee ellis oh , you be just jealous . scootsie double -day yeah , monix play solid minute , for lot of team . he 's play in the NBA , that 's more than you can say . clarence whatever . at least I never sit on the bench and then call myself a champion . you do not do shit for that celtic team . if I be Dave cowen , I would yank that ring right off you neck . that be a pretty heat exchange . monix look like he 's get something to say , but he do not . clarence have the last word . clarence he do not wear it on he finger because he know he do not earn it . he do not even play . 41 . monix look out the window . ext . road game # 1 - night ' the jet ' be park outside the arena . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) we be just a few minute away from game one of the tropic 's 6 game road trip . with talk of a NBA merger hit the league , there 's a new electricity surround tonight 's game ... int . visitor's locker room - night Jackie address he team before tip off . jackie moon alright . now , a lot of people out there be write we off . a lot people be say thing like ' Jackie Moon be a offensive liability . ' they be say ' flint 's turnover lead to sixty fast break point per game . ' ( make this up ) they be say ' bee bee 's retarded brother be so retarded that he eye look too big , . like a french bulldog . bee bee ellis no one say that , man . jackie moon ( try to motivate ) yes they do . and we be go to use it as motivation , okay ? this be our time ! we're go to shoot more than we've ever shot before ! now bring it in ! ready ? one two three - everyone let' get tropical ! montage : flint plays harder but they still suck . game 1 ) jackie moon sprint across the floor try to get two for eet plant in the lane . it 's not even close , jackie have taken a guy down hard . the ref whistle a block foul . 42 . jackie moon oh , c'mon !? where 's the charge , Father Pat ? father PAT the ref both foot be not plant . jackie moon oh , suck my cock . I will murder you family . father PAT the ref that 's it , you be out . jackie moon what !? what do I say ? Jackie take a ball and drop kick it , punting it high up into the rafter . buzzer ! final score : colonel 111 tropic 92 . game 2 ) monix drive the lane , fast and smart -- a no - look pass hit scootsie double - Day in the shoulder . scootsie double -day ah . my collar bone ! buzzer ! final score : squire 90 tropic 70 . game 3 ) clarence and bee bee jog back on Defense . clarence I be not guard my guy anymore . bee bee ellis why not ? clarence he 's too ' damn sweaty , man . ( be : he wet uniform ) look at I . bee bee ellis Gross . well , I be not guard he . monix notice this discussion . monix quit talk and play defense ! the sweaty guy back in on clarence , posting up top . 44 . game 5 ) Jackie Moon play great defense , rejecting a shot ! monix grab the ball and dribble on a fast break . clarence trail , in perfect position ... clarence right on ! I be open baby ! try a behind - the-back ! monix deliver a nice two hand bounce pass , but clarence be not ready for anything fundamentally sound -- the ball hit he in the nut . clarence ah , shit . buzzer ! final score : piper 105 tropic 91 . ext . HOTEL strip - night angle on a big hotel with fancy light -- but then we pan to reveal : a shitty motel . the ' jet ' be park at the cheap place . int . motel room - night two twin bed in a crap - box motel room . monix have the phone to he ear , but it just keep ringing . he would leave a message for Lynn , but answer machine have not be invent yet . he hang up , look in the mirror , and now take he championship ring necklace off . he look at the ring in he hand ... and shove it into he duffle bag . clarence ( o.s. ) I bring we some ice . monix be startle . clarence , he roommate for the night , enter . monix Ice ? what for ? clarence I do not know , it 's free . clarence take some ice , pop it in he mouth and start crunching . clarence want some ? 45 . monix no thanks . now bee bee enter , yet another player in the small room . bee bee ellis that root beer machine take my fuck change , man . White people be asshole . monix ignore this . laying back , he focus on the tv : the celtic be play . they trapping defense be a thing of beauty . clarence walk over and flick the channel , until he stop at ' Love american style . ' monix you turn off the celtic ? clarence I do not watch people play basketball . they watch I . with that , clarence pull out a joint and light it . monix ( be : the marijuana ) what the Hell be that ? clarence ( as he inhale ) it 's a fuck Egg -mcmuffin . monix open the window , clear the pot smoke out of he face . jackie exit the bathroom , have just take a shower . he 's wear a very small robe . this be now the fourth player who 's sleep in this tiny room . monix why do not you shower in you room ? jackie moon my wife be use it . I will be crash with you guy tonight . ( noticing ) Ice ? awesome . ( as he eat ice , be : tv ) Love american style ? turn it up . 46 . Jackie do not say a word about the pot . instead he keep he eye glue to the tv , then reach for the joint and smoke it . monix Jackie , have you ever even sleep with you wife ? jackie moon ( lying ) what ? be you kid ? try , like , every weekend . she 's so hot . monix sound like a great arrangement . jackie moon you guy need to wake up . quit live like it 's the 1950' , man . live it up . ( show off ) hey clarence , let 's have some of that smoke , bro . monix I be pretty sure we have a game tomorrow . jackie moon ( as he inhale ) this stuff will not affect you . it 's premium . Jackie finish inhale , then hold it out for monix . he stare at the joint , then around the room at he teammate . monix well , if this be really go to be my life , I might as well be stone like everyone else . jackie moon well say . monix take the stupid joint . the instant monix inhale he cough like crazy . monix what the Hell be this ? clarence what do you mean ? 47 . monix it 's harsh . clarence take that back . monix take what back ? jackie moon his Mom grow it . clarence yeah , in the yard . monix you Mom grow this ? clarence it 's sweet grass . monix well , I be finish , thanks . clarence what 's wrong , my Mom 's weed be not good enough for you ? monix I guess not . jackie moon c'mon man , have some respect for he Mom 's weed . clarence that 's it , I be not sleep in the same bed as this motherfucker . int . amigo stadium - road trip game 6 - next night Television camera be be set up . a camera man clean the lens . Jackie study the camera , mesmerize by the idea of television . he speak with the amigo 's manager . amigo manager you want all the fan to sit on one side of the stadium ? 48 . jackie moon yeah , just move all that people over to this side . ( demonstrate ) see , the tv camera be go to face this way , right ? well , if we fill the seat on that side , we will look sell out . amigo manager actually , that 's not a bad idea . meanwhile , on the court : both team be warming up . clarence now have a new name on he Jersey . there be so many word , there be barely space for a number . it 's a mess . clarence ( be : Jersey , new name ) check it out . I sew it on the bus . scootsie double -day ( struggle to read it ) what 's it say ? clarence jumping johnny Johnson . the asshole , petrelli , wander over near the tropic side of the court . petrelli yo , granny yarn barn , how 's the needle point go ? clarence kiss my ass , petrelli . petrelli ( be : the Jersey name ) hey man , I think you spell ' flint suck ball ' wrong . ( beat ) this guy 's the next betsy Ross ! be not you clarence ? the guy laugh . monix walk up , defend he teammate . monix no one call he clarence . his name be -- ( beat ) what 's you name ? 49 . clarence jumping johnny Johnson . monix his name 's jumping johnny Johnson . ( nose to nose ) you get that ? Jackie hurry over . jackie moon alright , break it up . ( to he team ) everyone huddle up !... vakidis ! over here . where be he walk to ? ( beat ) fuck it . listen up , we be on National tv tonight . and you all know what that mean : the league need a good clean game . bee bee ellis oh , that 's a bunch of dog shit . jackie moon hey ! you guy want to merge or not ? because the fastest way to screw this up be to start punch people in the face while the commissioner be at home , watch the game with he kid ... Children be very impressionable . they mind be not yet soile by the cruel reality of this world . bee bee ellis what ? jackie moon no punch . behind the huddle , fan begin walking right across the court . both team turn to watch this strange thing . the amigo manager lead the herd , Jackie help out , direct they across to the other side . jackie moon that's right , just move right across - if you could just fill in all of that empty seat in that area , that'd be great . 50 . int . amigo' stadium - later the optical illusion have work . the game do indeed look crowded . the game be in full swing . announcer ( v.0 . ) this sell out crowd be loving this one , the amigo up by twenty - six here in the second . monix drain a nice jumper , but out of nowhere , petrelli , the guy we hate , throw a hard shoulder , knock monix to the floor . monix that 's a move pick Father Pat ! c'mon ! father PAT the ref play on . monix can not believe it . petrelli taunt monix . petrelli what 's wrong monix , cat get you ' nad ? monix face off . jackie moon monix ! no ! ( pointing ) not with the camera . ( miming the commish ' ) he 's watch . monix look around and think ... monix what about commercial ? jackie moon what ? monix commercial , what about commercial ? Jackie think about this , then nod ' good idea . ' jackie moon I like it . time out ref ! 51 . announcer ( v.0 . ) a time out on the floor , 5:20 leave before the half , the amigo 45 , the tropic 19 , we will be right back after this message from shasta . the camera 's on air ' red light turn off . camera man ( root they on ) and ... you be clear . jackie moon somebody hit somebody ! bam ! monix clock petrelli . bam ! jackie moon punch another guy . petrelli take the hit and tackle monix . both benches clear . the crowd goe nut . int . the commissioner house - meanwhile the commissioner relax at home with he two kid ... a shasta commercial be on tv . shasta commercial ( v.0 . ) ( on tv ) I want a pop ... I want a -- shasta ... int . amigo stadium - continuous mayhem . jackie moon be yanking a fan' hair . a tall guy be about to pound short little kong . but now kong jump in the AIR and doe a sweet round - house judo kick , knocking the tall guy to the floor . kong hi- ya ! meanwhile : monix and petrelli be trading hockey punch ... camera man and we be back in - 5 - ( monix punch petrelli ) - 4 - ( petrelli punch monix ) - 3 - ( monix punch petrelli ) 52 - 2 - ( monix duck and punch ) ( cuing the announcer ) and we're on . the ' red light ' glow . on a dime : everyone stop punching , stand up straight and smile . announcer ( v.0 . ) welcome back to the aba game of the week ... player hold they head in pain . other limp back to the bench . announcer ( v.0 . ) . the camaraderie and spirit of this league be on full display here tonight ... off camera , monix deliver a secret punch to patrelli 's spleen . int . locker room - half time Jackie run the half time talk , stand in front of the chalk board . jackie moon okay , solid first half guy , but we be go to have to make some adj -- monix interrupt Jackie , piss . he address the team , step in front of Jackie Moon . monix -- this be bullshit guy . they be kick we ass in basketball and they be kick we ass during the commercial , too . do anybody here understand the concept of the pick and roll ? because they be go to keep double teaming at the top of the key until somebody rotate the damn ball ... jackie moon yeah ! c'mon guy ! rotate the ball . monix look at this group and get even madder . 53. monix do anyone in this room have any pride ? do not you realize , this be thelast four week of basketball anyus be ever go to play ? be thishow we be really go togo out ? you would think we would want toend ourcareer battle , hustling after every loose ball . box out under the board . setting pick for we teammate . but we have not do shit out there . twiggy munson and scootsie double - Day hang they head . monix we be a bunch of selfish asshole -- and I have get news for you , we be not go to finish in fourth , we be go to finish dead last . monix pace in front of the guy , a man possess . monix one day , you be go to look back on you life ... and you be go to look back on this time ... and you be go to realize ... monix be stare right at clarence . and clarence be actually listen ... monix . you be go to realize you never even play basketball . a moment of silence after the intensity . monix waddle to the door . monix now , you guy have fun out there in the second half . if anyone need I , I will be in the training room , drain my knee . monix limp off , everyone 's head be hang low . scootsie double -day he 's right . 54 . bee bee ellis of course he 's right . but what the Hell be we suppose to do about it ? we do not even have play . int . jackie moon's office - day later we be back in flint . Jackie be back in he office , speak on the phone . jackie moon ( into phone ) duke ! I do not make the rule . if they can not cash it , maybe you will have to go out of state . ( beat ) I would if I could , but if I give you another check , that would be two check . that would be $ 20,000 , not ten . what be you try to pull here ? ( the other line ring ) I have get to take this other call duke . bye ! -- ( hit a button , answer ) flint tropic hot line ... oh hey commish ... int . flint michigan tropic stadium - moment later on the floor , instead of a basketball court , the stadium hold a ice-rink . a ' welcome to the flint Ice capade ' sign be be remove . the entire basketball team be on they hand and knee assembling the hard wood . this be a lot of work . clarence hit he thumb with a hammer . clarence why do we have to put the court together ? scootsie double-day I guess the Ice capade sell out . bee bee ellis yeah , kid love that stuff . although , I find the wild - life mask realistic and frightening . clarence monix should be here help we . 55 . jackie moon ( o.s . ) guy . the guy look up to find Jackie . he do not look happy . jackie moon the commissioner just call . clarence what 's wrong ? jackie moon I look like we have get ourselves a situation . we have get some new ' term and condition ' for this merger deal . scootsie double-day what would he say ? jackie moon basically , we have get to average at least 2,000 fan per home game for the rest of the year . twiggy munson 2,000 people ? every home game ? jackie moon he say the NBA will only take a franchise that have fan . clarence shit . win be go to be hard . but get 2,000 people to watch be go to be impossible . jackie moon let 's try and stay positive . my mother always believe flint be a town of destiny . and I believe that . now , I have already start work on a huge idea to promote we . clarence what kind of huge idea ? int . the kremlin - day Jackie 's place be empty . monix be drink alone , totally blast in the middle of the day . he hang he head , barely able to order . 56 . monix two more johnny walker . and another pack of kool . bartender you could use some fresh air , monix . you want to take a nap in the back of my truck ? monix ( angry ) just the drink and the smoke , alright ? ( beat ) do you have any idea where Lynn be this day ? bartender she ask I to tell you to quit go to she house . monix well , tell she that 's just fine with I . bartender okay . sorry man . clarence ( o.s . ) monix . reveal : clarence . monix well , well , well , look who it be . ( to the bartender ) Brian , I would like you to meet jumping johnny downtown funky stuff boner - time finger - blast fag-erton . clarence ( to the bartender ) johnny for short . ( to Brian , be : monix ) two coffee . monix so , what bring you to the the kremlin ? clarence listen , I know you and I have not always be the best of buddy . 57 . but I have be think about what you say the other night . this be gonna be we last chance . if I be ever go to get into the NBA , it 's go to be with the tropic . monix I hate to break it to you , clarence , but the tropic will never play in the NBA . clarence so maybe we will not . but like you say , I do not want to look back on this with any regret . I know what you think of I . but I be willing to put we difference aside . I be tell you right now , I will do whatever it take to win . monix you mean , like , pass ? clarence ( with a smile ) I would consider pass , yes . monix sorry kid . even if I want to play harder , this knee will not let I . clarence I be not just talk about you play point guard ... I be talk about you teach we ... monix could not be less interested . clarence monix , you know more about basketball than any man who 's ever set foot in flint . monix drink , not into it ... clarence all I be say be , instead of get so piss off at we all the time , why not just show we what the Hell you be talk about ? coach we a little . I mean , we can not get any worse . 58 . monix and why should I give a shit about the tropic ? clarence I know you . you have get all that basketball shit store up in you head . I know you be die to pass it down to somebody . why not we ? monix what about Jackie ? he 's the coach . clarence Jackie 's get he hand full , try to sell ticket . he 's obsessed . ( look up , be : tv ) hey ! it's our video ! turn the SOUND up ! ecu : the tropic' video on television . on tv : the tropic be perform a video not unlike ' the Super bowl shuffle . ' each member take a turn rapping , dance around wooden palm tree with a smile . all the tropic ( v.0 . ) ( rapping badly ) we be the tropic hoop crew , run and gun and dunking on you -- but we be not here to talk no trash , we be just here to do the tropical mash -- this be the worst video ever make . all the guy boogie around until clarence step forward , take focus ... clarence ( v.0 . ) ( rapping badly ) I be johnny Johnson and I get the move -- if you try and stop I , I will just get smooth -- kong ( v.0 . ) ( rapping badly ) my name be Kong and I be not five foot -- but I get more ass than a toilet seat -- jackie moon ( v.o. ) this be my team , so get to know they -- if you get near the lane I will yank you scrotum -- 59 . all the tropic ( v.0 . ) -- we be the tropic hoop crew , run and gun and dunking too -- we be not here to talk no trash , we be just here to do the tropical mash -- the ball girl trot out and boogie with they . ball girl ( v.0 . ) -- they be not here to talk no trash -- they be just here to do the tropical mash -- CUT back to : monix can't believe he eye . either can the bartender . monix ignore clarence . monix ( to the bartender ) two more johnny walker . clarence so that 's the way it 's go to be ? monix do not answer , he just drink . clarence get the hint and walk out . dissolve to : int . monix be apartment - night monix look like shit , lay on the couch , as if he have not move for day . apparently he 's be drink and smoking , but not much else . knock knock . someone 's at the door . reveal : lynn let herself in . monix be so depressed , he be non-pluse . lynn look good monix . monix thanks . you too . lynn Ms. quincy tell I the tropic ask you to coach they . 60 int . monix be bathroom - later ecu : a sharp needle pierce flesh . Lynn be drain monix 's knee . it look painful . monix I know what it take to be a real team , Lynn . lynn ( be : he knee ) stay still . ( beat ) and that 's the reason you will not coach they ? monix it do not matter . the truth be , I hate basketball right now . lynn do you really hate basketball ? or do you hate yourself ? monix why would I hate myself ? lynn well , for one , you cheat on I . monix you hate I for that . not I . Lynn just stare at he . monix okay , maybe I hate myself a little . lynn you do not wear the ring around you neck anymore . ( no response ) where be it ? monix I ride the bench through the playoff , Lynn . lynn monix , that be great moment of you career . and you look back on it like some kind of embarrassment . 61 . monix Riding the bench be the great moment of my career ? lynn you do more than ride the bench , monix . monix what else do I do ? lynn every practice , you take you team to the limit . I know you do . I be the one drain this stupid knee of yours every night . the celtic be practice against you , monix . and when you run that scout team , you be run milwaukee 's offense better than they first stringer ever could . Lynn continue the business of dispose fluid into the toilet and prepare another syringe . lynn by game time , you team know where milwaukee be go to be before they own player do . the celtic make the right adjustment to win that series . and that adjustment come from you . monix so , I should be proud of run the scout team ? lynn Dave cowen put that ring in the palm of you hand . and he tell you to wear it with pride , because you be a champion . and he mean it too . monix he be be a nice guy . the bench be the bench . lynn you whole life , you have bitched about people play selfish . it take a team to win , right ? 62 . monix that 's right . lynn but when you be on the team , you effort do not count ? be that it ? ( beat ) if you be not on the celtic that year , would they have win it ? monix watch that needle . lynn answer I . would they have win ? monix I do not know . lynn yes you do . you know . monix look away for a moment . monix why be you do this ? what do any of this matter , anyway ? lynn what 's it matter ? you be drink yourself to death ! ( beat ) God , I wish I hate you as much as you hate yourself ! Lynn throw the needle . monix dodge it . lynn I make sacrifice ! how many year do I support you ? and finally , after all of we blood and sweat and bullshit together , you get there , monix ! you make it , you win a NBA championship ring . it be not just about you , okay ? and I be sick of you act like you be some kind of joke . you do not blow it . you be not a fraud . you be not a fake champion . and all the time we spend together , fight for you to get to that moment , be not a waste ! you be a champion , you asshole ! ( beat ) 63 . but if you want to drink yourself to death , go ahead . fuck you . with that , Lynn be go . monix stand alone in the bathroom , then check he knee . dissolve to : int . flint fairground colliseum - next day it 's practice . but this be not basketball , it 's dance practice . the entire team perform a complicated ' intro - dance . ' jackie moon ( choreographing ) 1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and turn like you mean it -- bee bee , arch that back . yes . now , the waterfall ... one by one , each dip down like a waterfall . and now a leg kick . jackie moon Nice leg kick Kong . that flexible hip be a coach 's dream . ( beat ) now big finish -- and freeze . and then we start the game after that . clarence be we go to practice or what ? jackie moon this be practice , okay clarence ? we need to get two thousand people in here ! we intro dance have to blow people 's mind . he begin pace around , more passionate than ever ... jackie moon from now on , I want we afros bigger ... and shinier ... . I want we short short ... and tighter ... we be go to pull we tube sock up higher than we ever have before . the team seem to be look off screen . jackie moon what 's wrong ? 64 . reveal : monix have be watch this whole thing . with monix on the court , everyone feel kind of stupid . jackie moon hey , you be back ! listen , you should probably chalk you hand up for this number . clarence Jackie , I ask monix to coach we . jackie moon coach ? Jackie be totally throw by this . he look around at the team . clearly , a decision have be make . jackie moon what do you mean , coach ? ( truly hurt ) what be this ? what 's go on ? ( stare he team down ) it 's a mutiny . clarence Jackie . do not be like that . jackie moon hold on a second . last time I check , we do not live in flint , Russia . we live in flint , America . I be coach until a new one be elect . clarence do not make we elect monix , man . ( Jackie Moon hold firm ) alright , show of hand . who want monix to step in as player - coach ? everyone feel bad , but they all raise they hand . jackie moon please God no. twiggy munson sorry Jackie . jackie moon ( start to cry ) it 's cool . I get it . I be a big boy , I can handle it . 65 . Jackie cry harder . clarence do not take it so hard , Jackie . you be a great owner . we all know that . jackie moon woah . hold on . do you just say ' great owner ? ' clarence yeah . everyone think so . jackie moon now , when you say great owner , be you just say that ? because it 's not cool to mess with I about this . clarence we mean it . for real . monix be just more of a X 's and o 's kind of guy , that 's all . Jackie be emotional . it 's a bittersweet moment . he take off he whistle , then walk over and hand monix he whistle . jackie moon ( be : the whistle ) here . you may need this . now he pull out a bunch of crazy note on loose paper write in ball point pen . the page look insane . jackie moon ( hand he papers ) and here be some idea for play I have jotted down . just thought . monix thanks Jackie . ( to the team ) the way I see it , any team in this league can put together a run . most of we opponent be all flash . if we play unselfish , fundamental basketball , we can win game . jackie moon I like it . unselfish , guy . 66 . monix yes. unselfish . unselfish meaning tough team defense , full and half court trap , box you man out to help the team rebound . ( beat ) unselfish mean sprinting up the floor on every fast break not because you can get a dunk -- and get you dick sucked after the game -- but because if you sprint up the floor you might pull the defense out of position and free a teammate up for a high percentage shot . jackie moon wait , so , what 's go on with the blow job ? bee bee ellis I vote we keep the blow job . jackie moon ( raise he hand ) all in favor ? everyone raise they hand in favor of blow job . clarence would everyone let the man talk please ? clarence be serious . this shut everyone up . int . flint fairground coliseum - later the starter have get into position , guard by the scout team , in blue jersey . monix the most important work we do on the court be away from the basketball . monix flip OPEN a switch blade knife and stab the ball , deflate it . this get everyone 's attention . monix ( be : deflate ball ) until you start move like a real team , you practice without a ball . 67 . he fling the deflate ball into the bleacher and snap the knife close . monix alright , clarence , run the offense . clarence I do not get it . monix set a pick for somebody . clarence jog over and stand next a scout team opponent . monix okay , that 's kind of a pick , I guess . try stand on the other side of scootsie 's man , so you free he up to cut into the lane . monix correct clarence , move he body the way he want he to stand . monix wide you stance . Plant you foot . hand back . like this . now scootsie go . set a pick for Jackie . scootsie cut across the lane . the team slowly get i rotate faster . monix now Jackie pick bee bee 's man , and rotate to the rim like this ... everyone move to the open space . and clarence you swing back out up top . they have complete the play . monix stand there , smile . the player look at each other , what 's the big deal ? monix you know what that be ? clarence what . monix a flash to the high side post with a outside screen and a back door cut . let 's do it again . ei 8 . bee bee ellis hey , how come you do not have to run with we ? you be a player , just like the rest of we . monix I be save my knee for the game . coach 's decision . now run . clarence set a screen for scootsie and they perform the same basic rotation . monix ( as they run ) we be not just rotate , we be clear out , make space . a pass and cut can change defensive match - up . creating seam can give we back door look . down screen can make a team vulnerable to penetration . jackie moon hold on . I be lose . bee bee ellis no shit . what 's up with all of this fuck up word , man ? twiggy munson yeah , what be we , building some kind of basketball space . ship ? monix you do not have to understand it yet . just run it again . you hear I -- again . ext . flint fairground coliseum - day - later it 's many hour later ... int . flint fairground coliseum - later the team be still do the exact same thing . nothing in they move have change at all . they be exhaust . clarence we have be run this play for a long time , man . 69 . jackie moon yeah , maybe we could try , like , play number two . monix no . we be run this play . we be run this play until we puke . bee bee ellis basically , we have . jackie moon yeah , I be pretty beat . monix ' until we puke ' be not a figure of speech . we be literally go to puke . jackie moon what do he mean by ' literally ? ' clarence I think he 's talk about vomit . bee bee ellis not cool . jackie moon monix , can I talk to you for .a second ? monix no . no talk . jackie moon wait ... monix go ! Jackie hang he head , but then accept he fate . he run . monix ( as they run ) we need to get in shape fella . and we need to learn some fundamentals quick . -- again ! they run it again , get more and more wind . - 17 0 . monix I want you to be brain dead . because someday you be go to be too tired , or too nervous to think - - again ! and when you be , this be the play I be go to call . the play that you lung and leg will have memorize . we will be able to run this in we sleep . clarence try to gag himself with he finger . monix hey ! no stick you finger down you throat , clarence , I see that . you be go to puke . and it 's go to be all natural -- again ! dissolve to : int . locker room - later we pan along a row of toilet stall . behind the door , each player be throw up ... int . flint fairground coliseum - continuous jackie be the last player left . he crawl across the gym floor , die . monix scream down at he deflate body . monix move move move ! FOURTH quarter now ! FOURTH quarter ! jackie moon you be fire ! monix fuck you . jackie moon fuck you . monix get up and run . you be go to puke like everybody else . jackie moon monix , I need to talk to you . monix we will . talk after you puke . go ! 71 . Jackie can not get up , but he crawl , die ... jackie moon I can not puke monix ! monix yes you can . go. Jackie crawl harder along the hardwood . jackie moon monix ! you do not understand . I have never throw up in my life . monix what be you talk about ? jackie moon I have never puke . ever . monix that make no sense . everyone have throw up before . jackie moon I have not . I swear to God . I can eat anything . I can drink anything . I have be sick , but I have never puke . I swear to God . monix that 's bullshit . keep move , you be go to puke . jackie moon I do not puke . I can not do it ! it 's the truth ! I swear on my mother 's grave . at this point , monix can not help but be intrigue . monix what about when you be a baby ? Babies throw up all the time . jackie moon my Mom say I never do . I swear . she say I be fascinating . monix no way . 72 . jackie moon you can call my dad ! I have never puke . when Jackie look up at monix , it 's clear he be not lie . monix be not that kind of dangerous ? jackie moon what do you mean ? monix what happen if you swallow poison ? jackie moon I do not know . I eat bad sausage before . but nothing happen . monix stand up . Jackie manage to stand up . monix have you ever be punch in the jejunum ? jackie moon I do not know . what 's a jejunum ? monix it 's part of you small intestine . jackie moon I do not know . I doubt -- boom . monix' powerful fist lift jackie' torso in the AIR . ecu : monix 's know fist dig deep under Jackie 's rib cage . it 's the hardest punch ever film . on jackie' reaction : he stand , beyond pain , empty of any possible air . the blood leave he face andhis eyesbecome confuse , water strangely . part of Jackie 's brain want tospeak , buthe feelsunhuman - - he lip separate only slightly . he wander out of frame . 73. ext . flint fairground collesium - later - day a side door burst OPEN . jackie stumble out into daylight , into the grass . he pause , then suddenly start running , but stop , confuse , like a wounded gazelle ... jackie stagger further , using a tree to keep he balance as he struggle to stay conscious . jackie be about to speak , but he body lurch . he hold he rib cage , shocked . a sudden feeling of fear shoot through he bone . jackie moon ( to the sky ) Mom ? with that , jackie projectile vomit . the discharge be beyond belief . a lifetime's worth of toxins be launched over a shrub . jackie wail in despair . monix stand in the doorway , watch this . monix you okay ? Jackie be about to speak , but then take stock of he feeling . there be now a air of tranquility about he . reborn . he 's almost euphoric ... jackie moon I be beautiful . dissolve to : int . flint michigan fairground coliseum - night a intense game be underway . the flint team work hard away from the ball . as the monix voice over continue , we watch the team move just like in practice . monix be play too . note : the team also look ' hot . ' clarence play with a even bigger afro . Jackie Moon sport a large perm , stripe tube sock and the whitest thigh you have ever see . monix ( v.o . ) . on offense , we share the ball . we look for the easy pass , not the spectacular pass ... Jackie roll off the pick and look for it . for the first time in this sequence , we see the ball . clarence have a clear pass lane -- he feed Jackie for a lay up . 74 . monix ( v.o . ) . if a guy 's more open than you be , he get the ball ... instead of celebrate , clarence hustle back on Defense . the tropic execute a half court trap . as we watch monix play , we continue to the voice over from practice ... monix ( v.0 . ) . on defense , we be go to learn to play together . we be go to use team trap to pressure people into turnover . on the in bound , monix and Jackie Moon trap a opponent . monix slap the ball free . he flip to clarence who fake ; the fast break dunk and dish to scootsie . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) can you believe that ? jumping johnny Johnson actually pass the ball . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) it be a great pass , too . the other team call time out . live aba radio ( v.o. ) and Jackie Moon have make several great defensive play down the stretch . I tell you , Jackie 's not afraid to knock people around in the lane . he 's a monster . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) like a retard in a China shop . a twenty -second time out on the floor , monix huddle they up . monix ( huddle up ) listen up . I will in - bound . clarence , protect the ball and penetrate if you can . kick it out to scootsie or I and everyone crash the board hard . look good , we be thirty second away from take this one home . let 's bring it in . jackie moon he 's right guy . but remember , we want to win , but not by too much . ' 75 . twiggy munson we do not want to win by too much ? monix what the Hell be he talk about ? clarence he 's worried about the corn dog . monix what ? clarence if we score a hundred point , everyone get a free corn dog . there be sign everywhere . jackie moon I be sorry , monix , but we do not even have corn dog . monix I do not give a shit . we be take it to they . jackie moon we be up by seven , monix . can not we just take it easy ? we be talk about a lot of corn dog here . bee bee ellis there could be a riot . monix I do not give a shit about the corn dog , okay ? we play hard every second . we be run the offense . everyone get that ? everyone nod . whistle ! announcer ( v.0 . ) the tropic be just one bucket away from the magic number . listen to this crowd . they know what 's at stake : a free corn dog . monix have the ball in he hand . he in bound to clarence . clarence penetrate and kick it to scootsie . scootsie have a open look . he size up a jumper ... 76 . flying in like the wind be jackie moon ... jumping higher than he ever have before in he life ... rejected . scootsiex shot be blocked . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) look at this , Jackie Moon have just block he own teammate 's shot . I have never see this before . the ball bounce under the basket to vakidis , who seem to have no idea what' go on . jackie moon vakidis ! no !!! vakidis take the ball and goe for a dunk -- live aba radio ( v.0 . ) vakidis take it up strong to the basket ... bam ! jackie moon tackle vakidis into the stand . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) ooh . he get take out hard by the coach . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) Nice ! the ball bounce into the air , roll around the rim ... and drop in . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) and the basket be ... good ! buzzer ! final score . tropic 100 pro star 91 . jackie moon shit . int . daiquiri room - later the daiquiri room be crowded with guy . jackie be have a team meeting . jackie moon I ask you up to the daiquiri room , because this be a private matter . ( everyone look around ) as you know , I throw up recently . 77 . it be the first time in my life . and , well , it 's make I feel ... I guess you could say I have get a new clarity in life . ( everyone stare back ) since vomit on Wednesday , I have be face my demon . I be not go to be a imposter any more . ( beat ) and I want you to know , I just mail out 562 corn dog coupon . ( beat ) and I would like to bring somebody special in ... duke ! duke walk in . he be still shirtless . Jackie hand he a duffel bag . jackie moon in this bag , be ten thousand dollar . duke no way . really ? jackie moon actually , it 's twenty three hundred . but I be go to pay you the rest . the tropic will not let you down . from now on , I want my conscience clear . duke wow . thanks Jackie . jackie moon can I confess something to everyone ? it 's something I have never tell anybody . clarence what be it ? jackie moon you know my song ' Love I sexy ? ' scootsie double -day everyone know that song . jackie moon I steal it . twiggy munson no . 7 8 jackie moon it 's true . ( turn away , dramatic ) my Mom write it . Three week before she die . and I steal it . even monix be fascinate by this . bee bee ellis wait , you Mom write that ? be she a singer ? jackie moon no , she write it on a napkin . I dupe the whole world . I be nothing but a fraud . ( beat ) it 's true , I be a famous singer . and I have land the hot wife in the world . but , to be honest , we usually only sleep together once a year . on vj day . clarence damn . vj day ? that 's cold . jackie moon ( ignore Kong ) and even on that day , I do not feel like it 's I who 's sleep with she . bee bee ellis what do that mean ? jackie moon she marry I because of my song , but I do not write it . so sometimes I feel like it 's not even I who 's with she . ( more emotional ) deep down , I feel like it 's really my Mom who be make love to she . when I hold Lucy 's supple breast in my hand , they be my Mom 's hand . when I eat a pair of edible panty off of she , they be my Mom 's tooth . duke that 's pretty weird . 79 . jackie moon I be live in a prison , duke . clarence why do not you write a song yourself ? then you would not feel like a fake any more . jackie moon oh please ! I could never write anything as brilliant as ' Love I sexy ! ' ( stand tall ) listen to I , tropic . today be a new day . I be go to be the great basketball owner you have ever see . and we be go to make it to fourth place . music cue : hot chocolate ' every 1 's a winner . ' mega -montage : the tropical FEVER sequence . ( note : the music fade in and out throughout as need ) . - pre game : the tropic do they ' intro dance . ' they perform the waterfall down into.a cool pose . the crowd love it . - tropic highlight : they run a fast break weave , monix make the layup . clarence penetrate and dish to Jackie for a pull up jumper . - the tropical aisle : fat people in Hawaiian shirt go crazy . a lady chuck she nacho at the other team . - result : the scoreboard show a tropic win . - attendance : a clicker count up to 182 fan . - more intro excitement : Jackie introduce he start five . jackie moon ( into mic ) and at guard , six foot two . formerly know as clarence wither , and sugar dunkerton , and downtown funky stuff malone , and jumping johnny Johnson -- he 's launching he new name tonight -- put you hand together for : coffee black . clarence jog out with coffee Black sewn into he jersey ... 80 . - result : a newspaper show the tropic have move out of last place . - attendance : a clicker count up to 406 . - jackie the promoter : he 's give away a mountain of cupcake . a lucky fan stand next to he . jackie moon ( into mic ) Eric have just win cup cake mo UN tainnnnnnnnn !!! can you imagine how that feel ? who want to see Eric take a bite !? - attendance : a clicker count up to 620 . - the kremlin : the team party like it 's 1976 . the ball girl be look pretty good . - montage continue with tropic highlight . as music crank , clarence dribble and pull up for a little floater . on defense , Jackie reject a shot . - wheelchair darren and jody : jody wheel right out onto the floor , a opponent flip over she and tumble . jody spill out of she wheelchair , totally psyched . opposing player my God , be you okay little girl ? wheelchair jody eat my crippled ass . - result : Three successive win score be flashed in a row . a newspaper show the tropic move up further in the standing . - clarence's mom : quincy be throw . a party for the team at they bbq place . she dance happy . - new promo photo : quick cut of the team 's new glossy calendar : Mr. January : Jackie wear only a tool belt . February : clarence lie on a lamb wool rug . March : bee bee Ellis , by a waterfall , wear a cardigan . April : monix , annoyed , hold a rise in he tooth . - attendance : a clicker count up to 711 . - monix the mastermind : in the meeting room , monix and the team study film . monix draw up a defensive scheme on the board . on the court , he give clarence a advanced lesson . 81 . monix rotate further out from the key , so when you get the ball you can face the basket . you have actually get some move , so you can penetrate ... flint rally around there team : the guy in hawaiin shirt be out flyering . tropical aisle guy come see the tropic tonight ! tropical aisle guy # 2 see the biggest half time stunt ever . - monix the player : despite he knee and back kill he , monix play like a champion . he 's still get some jump leave too . he know this be he last run , there 's nothing leave to save it for . - training room : clarence drain monix 's knee . - jackie the promoter : Jackie 's wife , Lucy Moon , ride a mechanical bull topless . the crowd go nut . jackie moon good job honey ! look good . - attendance : a clicker count up to 890 . - tropic highlight : scootsie double Day score . twiggy munson score . bee bee Ellis score . Jackie Moon hit a ill advise three pointer . monix rejoice , he 's actually have fun . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) . Jackie Moon with a three . he 's the fourth player in double figure . they be really share the ball tonight . - flint rally around the tropic : people be buy tropic 's jersey . - result : the standing show the tropic all the way up to sixth place . - flint rally around there team : the ball girl be do a kick line , wear cute cheerleader skirt . clarence watch from the bench . 82. clarence hold up . be this girl wear underwear ? jackie moon which girl ? ( turn around ) oh . it do not look like it . wow . it 's true , the ball girl be flash the crowd with every kick . clarence ( mesmerize ) Nice work , Jackie . jackie moon I do not do it . they do . melinda wink at Jackie , as she skirt flip up . the crowd be go go crazy . - attendance : the clicker raise to 906 . - more practice : clarence slam a dunk and do a jig . monix clarence , do I a favor , if you dunk the ball , do not dance afterword . Act like you have be there before . jackie moon actually , monix , I need he to dance . a lot . the fan need it . ( beat ) it 's either that , or we play with a monkey . monix Fine , you can dance a little bit . jackie moon if you dunk it , go fuckin ' ape shit . - game time . clarence dunk the ball : he immediately launch into a preposterous celebration : back flip , 360 spin down to the split , back up , he and Jackie give each other ten and then do a extend hand jive routine . now Jackie blow clarence a kiss , which ' knock he out flat . ' clarence then pose , elbow on the floor , hand under he head , smile . 83 . jackie' wife : lucy moon sleep with lou redwood . - jackie the promoter : halftime , at center court , a ramp be set up . behind the ramp , all the ball girl lay head - to- toe . bobby dee ( v.0 . ) this beautiful girl reach a combine total of 47 foot ... and here he come ... Jackie come roller-skating at high speed . he hit the jump -- it 's go to be close -- bam ! he land hard , pounding down on top of the last girl . she be absolutely flattened by the impact . jackie hold he left shoulder in pain , then stand and lift he other hand , claiming victory . the girl roll over to her back , try to stay conscious . bobby dee ( v.0 . ) how about that ! end of montage . dissolve to : int . flint fairground coliseum - night Jackie be on the bench , mid-game . Bobby Dee be taping he shoulder . jackie moon ow . ( Bobby Dee stop taping ) no , keep do 'it . bobby dee you sure boss ? jackie moon just keep taping it up . I be fine . now the commish ( the league official ) step over . commish hey Jackie . jackie moon oh , hey commish . ( a little worried ) 84 . I do not know you be in town this weekend . commish listen , my office have be get you number . you claim you have have over two thousand people at every home game this month . jackie moon ( dead pan ) that 's correct . the commissioner look around , skeptical . as we scan the stand , it 's clear the crowd be still not big enough . commish well , we have count only nine hundred and eighty three here tonight . jackie moon what , you do not think people go to the bathroom ? ( commish be not buy it ) Saturday can be a little slow . you should have be here the other night , it be so packed . commish do not bullshit I , Jackie . the commish wave over a little bald man in a suit . peekskill carry a brief case and never talk . commish from now on , peekskill here will be attend every tropic home game . you be go to have to get a real crowd here if you want to qualify for the merger . int . television studio - day Jackie Moon be be interview on a local talk show . interviewer so , the tropic will be at a size disadvantage against the Americans . how do you intend to match up with they strong inside game ? 85 . jackie moon tomorrow , at half time , I , Jackie Moon , will wrestle a bear . interviewer oh , well there 's something . but , defensively , as a team , do you think -- jackie moon -- that 's tomorrow ! one night only ! see dewie the wrestle bear attack I . he 's kill people in public before . interviewer okay , well , that 's some half time show . jackie moon i'm telling you , nobody can miss this ! if you 're a child , take money out of you mother' purse and walk to flint michigan fairground coliseum ! EIGHT o'clock ! interviewer well , there you have it . Jackie Moon , thanks for stop by . from channel 5 , this be Mick kenterman , signing off . good night . jackie moon dewie be insane . he could rip my head off ! ext . lynn' house - night lynn carry the garbage out . as she close the lid , she notice something . reveal : monix be stand in the yard . lynn well , if it be not the toast of flint Michigan . should not you be out signing autograph ? monix do not speak ... he stare into she eye for a moment . monix will you marry I ? 86 . lynn what ? monix you hear I . lynn technically , we be still marry right now , monix . monix you know what I mean . lynn do I ? monix do you love I ? lynn probably . monix then let 's do it . for real this time . I need you . lynn shit . I know you need I , monix . the question be , do I need you ? kyle ( o.s. ) what' up monix !? Kyle poke he head out of the screen door . he wear a flint Jersey with monix on the back . kyle check out the jersey , man . i'm you . ha ! monix yeah . ha ! ( to Lynn ) and I suppose you need he ? lynn he 's loyal . monix dog be loyal . 87 . lynn he be not stupid , if that 's what you be try to say . monix hey kyle ! kyle yeah ? monix can you do I a favor ? can you go pick I up a tube of BEN gay ? kyle no problem , i'll leave right now . monix and Lynn meet eye . Lynn try not to smile , try to be mad . Kyle pull on some jeans and get into he truck . lynn do not fuck with he . it 's just rude . monix ( while look at Lynn ) don 't go to the pharmacy , kyle . I need a big tube , the kind they sell out at luger be , on route 59 . kyle i'm already gone bro . lynn ( eyeing monix ) what do you think you be do ? smash CUT to : int . lynn' house - bedroom - night monix and Lynn be having sex . Lynn be aggressive . year of pent up emotion be building to a climax ... int . lynn' house - live room - continuous meanwhile , kyle re-enters the house ! 88. kyle ( to the empty live room ) what 's up . I forget my stupid walle - - Kyle stop in he track . he hear a sound he 's never truly hear before , Lynn have a orgasm . he slowly walk toward the bedroom . kyle's Pov : peek around the corner , we spy monix and Lynn still go at it . on kyle : his whole body go numb , he face turn red ... we hold on he face until : kyle monix ? ( beat ) yes . still undetected , Kyle settles in to watch the show , still wear he monix jersey . Lynn finally look over and spot Kyle . we can not be sure , but he hand might be in he pants . Lynn can not believe she eye . lynn ( have sex , whisper off to Kyle ) stop that . kyle stop what ? lynn ( in pig Latin ) ixne -on - the-erk off -je . monix finally notice he sex partner be have a conversation . he turn to see Kyle . monix woah . what the fuck ? kyle monix , you of dog ! monix what the Hell be you do !? kyle hey , I be the victim here . I be allow to do as I please . this be a honor . 89 . lynn what ? monix stand up , wrapping a sheet around he . monix I be outta here . kyle oh , c'mon man . do not be like that . it 's all cool . monix believe I , this be not all cool . ' monix grab he shit and walk out of the bedroom . monix I will call you . kyle okay . lynn not you , asshole . he be talk to I . ext . flint fairground coliseum - next night there 's a real buzz in the air . people be pour into the stadium tonight . clarence be right outside the locker room , eat a bit-o- honey , watch with amazement . officer miller hey be that coffee Black ? I be officer Miller , State correctional , I be a big fan , you can call I Jimmy . clarence Nice to meet you . officer miller Jackie Moon order up a bus full of prisoner . any idea where we all should sit ? int . flint fairground coliseum - continuous pan : the prisoner be all pack into the stand . next to they be a huge group of lady from a old folk home ... next to a bus load of sick kide from the hospital . 90 . on peekskill try to count . there 's no use analyze it , the place be sell out and the fan be go nut . CENTER court : in a wrestle ring , Jackie be in a wrestle singlet , wear head gear , drink from a squirt bottle . pan to dewie the bear , ready to go . clarence , dressed as a ref , be stand in front of jackie , message he shoulder . clarence the ref we sell out , man . you do good . jackie moon I be scared of bear , clarence . clarence the ref what ? jackie moon I hate this thing . I be freaking out right now . clarence the ref if you be scared of bear , why the Hell be you wrestle one then ? jackie moon look at this place . we be pack . it be a good idea . clarence the ref well , do not worry , you will pin he easy . it will be fine . jackie moon you do not understand . I do not like bear . I be feel dizzy . Jackie be seriously petrify . clarence adjust the collar of he ref jersey and look around , worried about he friend . clarence the ref maybe we should call it off . jackie moon no . look into my eye . ( clarence do ) you be the ref tonight . no matter what happen in there , do not stop the fight , okay ? 91 this people come to see a show . I have get to make it through at least one round . clarence the ref okay , until you finish the first round , I will not call it . hey , how bad can three minute be , right ? bear handler ( o.s. ) be you guy ready ? the bear handler be a large frizzy haire woman . clarence the ref I do not know , be we ready ? jackie moon yeah , let 's do it . bear handler you guy want to give I a safe word ? clarence the ref what 's a safe word ? bear handler it 's a word for you to yell to the ref , so he can stop the match . jackie moon I do not need a safe word . bear handler tell you what , if you get injure or you really feel like you be in danger , yell , um , I do not know ... spumoni . once I get a signal from the ref , I will come in . clarence the ref what 's spumoni ? jackie moon it 's a italian gelato , sort of like almond flavor ice cream . clarence the ref be it good ? jackie moon I do not know , I have never have it . 92 . bear handler it 's really good . ( Jackie and clarence nod ) okay , so spumoni be the safe word then ? jackie moon no , I do not need a safe word , okay ? let 's just do this . one round . ( nodd to the bell man ) ding ding ding ! the bell have rung . the crowd go crazy . clarence assume he position as ref . Jackie walk slowly toward the bear , frighten . they bear scratch he belly , cute . Jackie immediately quit . jackie moon ( be : the scratch ) okay , fuck this . clarence the ref what ? you can not quit already . jackie moon spumoni . I be out of here . clarence the ref you can not spumoni , all he do be scratch he nut . jackie moon well , too bad , I be spumoni - ing . people start to boo . Jackie look around at the angry crowd . clarence the ref you gotta give them a show . c'mon , the bear seem pretty tired , look at he . it 's true , the bear be pretty docile . the bear 's indifference give Jackie a glimmer of confidence . clarence the ref just test he out a little . maybe it will not be so bad . Jackie nod , then hop around with he duke in the air . now he do a shuffle for the crowd . after dance a bit , the bear be still motionless . 93. jackie moon ( tapping the bear ) c'mon dewie ... ( off screen ) what 's go on ? be he go to -- -- the bear maul jackie . like lightening , jackie have already be tackled and strangled against the rope . jackie moon aaahhhhhh !!!!! clarence the ref damn . bear handler woah -ho . I have never see that before . the crowd be go ballistic . now the bear throws jackie across the ring like a limp rag doll . jackie moon aaahhh !!! spumoni !!! clarence the ref no spumoni . jackie moon fuck you clarence ! spumoni ! the bear be go balistic . jackie tries to crawl away , but dewie jump on he , grab he head and tries to rip it off of he shoulder . this bear have lost he mind . jackie moon ( to the handler ) spumoni ! animal handler ( to clarence ) I think my bear spooked , ref . I think you need to call it . clarence the ref no . one round . this be what he want , trust I . gasping for breath , jackie be be suffocated by a powerful bear hug . 94 . jackie moon please GOD , someone spumoni ! i'm begging you , clarence . clarence the ref looking good , boss . jackie be hanging half way out of the ring . he's nose to nose .: with the bear handler . jackie moon ( scream at the bear handler ) gelato ! almond ice cream ! ( in italian ) asta zittu 'sto parcnuso spumoni ! bear handler ( to clarence ) we have to stop it ! clarence the ref no way ! i'm the ref ! bear handler ( climb in ) screw this , I be stop it . the bear handler try to get into the ring with a stick and loop . but clarence tries to push the bear handler back out of the ring . dewie turn to find he handler in danger . like lightening , the bear maul clarence . clarence the ref aaahhhhh !!! i'm the ref !!! spumoni !!! ding ! the first round be over , but the bear do not return to he corner . clarence the ref the bell rang ! spumoni !!! music cue : ' king kong ' by jimmy castor montage : sold out flint roll toward FOURTH . the tropic play awesome . a sign say ' sold out ! ' 95 . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) and it 's another sell - out crowd for the flint Michigan tropic . buzzer ! final score : tropic 111 colonel 98. again , the sign say : sold out ! buzzer ! final score : tropic 90 squire 81 . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) take it strong to the rim be coffee Black . yes ! this sell out crowd be go nut . you have be a little quiet Lou , how be you do ? lou redwood ( v.0 . ) a mexican steal my bike . buzzer ! final score : tropic 92 AMERICANS 87. on the sign : sold out ! buzzer ! final score : tropic 105 conquistadors 91 . the team celebrate the win . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) and , believe it or not , the flint tropic be in perfect position to qualify for the NBA merger . if they win they final game , they will clinch fourth place . but nothing be ever easy against the first place San Antonio spur . as Jackie do a victory dance , the commissioner approach . commish Jackie . jackie moon oh , hey commish . good game huh ? and a pack house too . commish I need to talk to you ... and the rest of you team . alone . int . locker room - night the whole team stand solemnly . 96 . commish I be sorry , but even if you beat the spur on Friday , we just can not have a NBA franchise in flint . monix what be you say ? commish it 's just not good business . flint be not a big enough media market , okay ? this stadium be small and , frankly , it need to be tear down before someone get hurt . I be sorry but nobody ever think you guy could ever get this far . clarence well tough shit . this team do make it this far . rule be rule . commish rule be rule ... until the expansion committee make new rule . then that rule be the rule . everyone look at each other . Jackie 's brain have slip into a deep trance . he be no longer inside he body . commish do not take this personally , Jackie . this other team have strong market , new stadium . it 's just not go to happen for you flint boy . I be sorry . the devastation of what be happen be palpable . nothing have ever hurt this bad before . commish I know you be go to punch I , Jackie . so let 's just get it over with . the commissioner stand brave , eye close , chin out . Jackie be too confuse and devastate to hit anything . he stumble out of the room like a zombie . the team follow . the commissioner open he eye . a long silent beat ... 97 . commish ( to himself ) how do I get out of that one ? suddenly kong dart in and squeeze the commissioner 's ball with a kung fu grip . commish ah ! ext . flint tropic coliseum - moment later - night the team file out into the parking lot , totally devastate . twiggy munson this can not be happen . bee bee ellis they can not just do this , can they ? scootsie double -day we can get a lawyer , dude . we can fight this !... can not we ?... monix ? monix just look to the ground , as in ' it 's over . ' bee bee ellis Jackie ... please ... say something . Jackie open he mouth ... he try to speak , but he can not . bee bee ellis be you cry ? jackie moon I do not know . ( contort he face ) I be try to . ( look to the sky ) I wish I could just puke this away . ( to monix ) do it to my jejunum , monix . help I . but monix be leave . he turn and walk off , alone down the dark street ... the other walk away too ... jackie moon wait ! monix ! where be everyone go ?... 98 . music cue : ' it's too late ' by isaac haye . montage : player of flint be down and out . - clarence walk alone along the river . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) in a american basketball Association policy shift , it seem the flint tropic will not be play for a NBA birth after all ... - bee bee ellis stand in the middle of the tropic court , upset . - jackie walk , sad , along the street of flint -- now he suddenly pick up a pipe and smashes the windsheild of a innocent truck . he turn and tackle a garbage can . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) Friday 's match - up against the first - place San Antonio spur will be the tropic final basketball game ... - scootsie double day finish spray-paint the word ' bullshit ' on a wall . reveal : he be in he own child 's nursery room . the baby start cry . - the tropical aisle guy be fat and shirtless , burn they Hawaiian shirt outside the stadium . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) and if that news be not bad enough for the tropic , we have just be inform that coffee Black , the team 's top scorer , have be trade to the spur . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) at least someone from flint be on he way to the NBA next year . dissolve to : int . the the kremlin - continuous monix be back on he bar stool , drink and smoking , it 's be a long night . now clarence enter the kremlin ... and make the long walk over to sit next to monix . 99 . clarence think I might find you here . ( long beat ) I get trade . monix yeah , I hear . clarence I guess the San Antonio spur be pick up the player they want , before we be eligible for the expansion draft . monix coffee Black , go to the NBA ... clarence they will not let I finish out with the tropic . so , we will be play against each other in the last game . that 's pretty weird . monix it will not be weird . the game do not count . clarence listen I be sorry about -- monix do not be sorry . clarence I mean , I just want to say that , this year , you really -- monix -- don 't. alright ? just do not . clarence stare at he . then eventually stand up to leave . there be a million thing he want to say , but he say this : clarence we work so hard . monix well , it be all for nothing . clarence so , that 's just it then ? 100 . monix that 's just it . clarence shake he head and walk out . ext . flint michigan - morning the morning sun shine down on the sad town of flint . monix walk home in the street . he stop and take a leak right in the middle of the road . a car honk at he to get out of the way , then skid to a stop . Lynn poke she head out of the car . lynn what the fuck be you do ? monix oh. hey Lynn . int . lynn' house - later that day monix be on the couch , drunk . he gaze at the tv and swig he beer . now lynn walk in . lynn I think the deal be , you be go to sleep . monix pshh. relax . lynn so , you be just go to sit here in my house and drink for the entire day ? monix you get a problem with that ? lynn yeah , I do . maybe you could put some pants on and go piss off somebody else . monix Fine , maybe I will ! ( stand ) where be my pants ? 101 . lynn tell I something , monix - monix no . lynn whatwereyou try to accomplish thisyear ? you never really give a shitaboutthat NBA merger , do you ? monix do not say anything . lynn the merger , monix , do you ever care about it ? monix still stay quiet . lynn tell I , if you do not care about the merger , what the Hell be you play for !? monix I want fourth place ! okay ? that be the whole fuck thing ! lynn well , guess what ! fourth place be still sit there , wait for you to win it ! monix do not look at she . lynn think about it . ext . flint michigan - day a wide shot of a alley . we hear a familiar voice off screen . jackie moon ( o.s. ) ( sing bizarre ) baby , who want to - love I sexy ! baby , ugh , be you ready to ; lick I sexy !!!? yeah yeah !! ha ! inside a dumpster , reveal : Jackie lay in garbage and sing up to the sky . it 's official , he have lose he mind . 102 . jackie moon ( tweak the lyric ) I be a big faker and I steal this ; song -ly sexy . I be the biggest failure in the ; world - ly sexy . I be go to kill my ; self - y sexy . bee bee ellis ( o.s. ) Jackie ? bee bee Ellis hear Jackie voice and discover he in lay the garbage . Jackie ignore he teammate . jackie moon I be go to hang myself with a extension ; cord -y sexy . bee bee ellis Jackie ! what the Hell be you do in a dumpster ? jackie moon ( ignore bee bee ) I be urinate in my pants right now . bee bee ellis you gotta get it together , man . monix call a team meeting . int . the kremlin - later day the entire team have gather . monix address they . monix listen up . we all know that clarence have be trade . and we all know that this game do not matter anymore , right ? bee bee ellis right . monix well I have get news for you . this game do matter . it matter because this be the last real basketball game any of we be ever go to play . ever . the guy nod , solemn . 103 . monix tomorrow night , I say we leave it all out there on the floor . because there 's nothing else for we to save it for . clarence or no clarence . NBA or no NBA . merger or no merger . we decide we be go to win fourth place . and that 's what we be go to do . Jackie be move . the guy look at each other and nod . monix over the past five week , we have become a team . and that be no small thing . Jackie , have you ever be on a real team before ? jackie moon no sir . monix how do it feel ? jackie moon it feel pretty good . monix all you life , you have dream of play in the NBA . well , guess what ? tomorrow night , you be . you be play a NBA team . and for one night , the world be go to know that you belong . ( beat ) look , I try to pretend like it do not matter to I if we make it to fourth or not . monix turn inward , speak with a emotion that be pure . monix but the truth be , I want this more than anything I have ever want in my whole fuck - up life . ( beat ) and I think you do too . I think you can taste it . because we earn this . we make this happen . and we be four quarter away from make we dream come true . 104 . jackie moon let' do this ! bee bee ellis yeah ! let' go ! monix jackie , you 've got one more game to promote ! ( to the team ) let I hear it ! FOURTH place ! everyone FOURTH place ! pumped , they jump around , ready to make they own history . monix FOURTH place ! everyone FOURTH place ! int . tv studio - night a sport show host be interview Jackie . jackie moon the spur may be the # 1 team in the league , but they be go to have to prove it on Friday night . tv announcer since this game do not count , Jackie . what exactly be you motivation ? jackie moon ( with a gleam in he eye ) we. be go to win this game , because we want it . it 's as simple as that . that alone should make people want to show up and root for we . Jackie and the announcer look at each other for a long moment of silence ... jackie moon plus , this be the flint michigan mega -bowl ! 105 . tv announcer what ? jackie moon save you ticket stub , the mega - bowl be a historic event . tv announcer I be not sure I understand . jackie moon it 's a mega - bowl . what 's not to understand ? tv announcer this game have no effect on -- jackie moon -- the mega bowl trophy be twelve foot high . and it be glorious . tv announcer I be sorry , but this sound like something you just make up . jackie moon well , I do not . tv announcer well , it do not make any sense . they be just word . jackie moon oh please . you be just word . ( directly at camera ) come see the flint tropic raise the mega BOWL trophy high above our head . we're not just go to finish in FOURTH , we're go to take home the mega BOWL trophy . tomorrow night at 8 o'clock ! ext . flint michigan - morning the sun rise above the city . in the morning light , flint look almost electric . ext . flint fairground coliseum - friday night the parking lot be rock . the whole town be jazze for the big event . 106 . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) if the commissioner be listen , I recommend he stay out of the city of flint tonight . he 's not too popular in this town . lou redwood ( v.o. ) i will stab he in the stomach with a eight inch hunt knife . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) there be many wild protest in flint this week . but it seem like the whole city be now focus on beat the San Antonio spur . this team seem to have capture every heart in this town of underdog . people have pour in from around the state to support this drive toward they first mega-bowl championship . int . spur locker room - night clarence be get dress in the visitor 's locker room . he hold up a spur Jersey and now pull the strange color over he head . live aba radio ( v.o. ) the flint tropic will be play without they number one scorer , coffee Black tonight . the spur have sign several new player from around the aba , lock they in before they hit the free market in next year 's expansion draft . the .big man , Pete petrelli have be send over from the dismantle Anaheim amigo . now petrelli enter frame . the guy we hate have be trade to the spur too . petrelli we may be teammate , but I still think you be a dick . clarence thanks petrelli . 107 . int . flint fairground coliseum - continuous wheelchair darren and jody take they position next to the court . duke sit in the stand . quincy wear a new fur coat , sit center court . the tropical aisle cheer , rowdy . the ball girl look almost nervous . you can feel the excitement . and now enter , by herself , stand in the back , be lynn . she take a deep breath . int . tropic locker room - continuous monix address the team . monix you want to know what I love ? this . the eleven of we right here , right now , wait for the biggest game of we life to begin . ( beat ) I want you to remember something . I want you to remember what this feel like , to be here in this locker room together , one last time , shoulder to shoulder with this man . because we be not ourselves tonight . we be one . this be what I love . ( beat ) let 's play basketball . int . flint fairground coliseum - later the game be well under way . it 's full tilt action . it 's immediately clear that the tropic be be over power . quick cut : petrelli knock over monix and score . - the tropic offense be get shut down . - Jackie get a rebound , but then dribble off he ankle . - the fan be disappointed . the guy in the tropical aisle be all bum out . wheelchair jody look piss . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) not a good first half for the tropic so far . they be already down by ten . on clarence : he sit on the spur bench . 108 . spur coach coffee Black , you be go in . clarence I can not . I have get back spasm . the coach stare he down , then pick another player . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) this be easily the worst half of basketball the tropic have ever play . and that 's say something . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) yep . it 's a shit fuck sandwich . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) let 's watch the f-bomb , Lou . we be live . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) oh , please , this be we last game . I can say whatever I want . watch this : I hope Gerald Ford get ass rape . live tropic radio okay then . we have get just fifteen second leave in the first half ... here 's monix with a no-look to Jackie ... he go up strong -- slo mo : petrelli fly in and elbow jackie hard in the head . slo mo : jackie' head snap back ... slo mo : jackie fall to the hardwood , unconscious , he bounce off the floor . lynn oh my God . everyone in the stadium watch as Jackie lay out cold . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) I have never see anyone take a hit quite like that before . this look serious . clarence look worried from the spur bench . 109 . clarence jackie ! spur coach do not leave this bench , coffee . bee bee lean over Jackie , worried . bee bee ellis Jackie ? you awake ? father PAT the ref bring in the stretcher ! bee bee ellis we do not have one . lou redwood ( v.0 . ) I do not want to speculate , but I be pretty sure he 's dead . monix get in petrelli 's face . monix what be you try to prove petrelli ? you afraid to play basketball ? petrelli hey , check the scoreboard . monix attack petrelli . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) now monix be after petrelli . this be total chaos . father PAT the ref ( to the clock man ) let that fifteen second run out ! ( to everyone ) it 's half time ! everyone off the court ! live aba radio ( v.0 . ) and at half time . it 's the spur 60 , the tropic 29 . the guy carry Jackie off the court and into the locker room . on clarence : he 's have enough . he stand up and begin walk across the court , to join the tropic . 110 . spur coach where the Hell be you go ? clarence I be go to my team . spur coach this be you team . you be not leave this bench . from the front row , the commissioner hear all of this and stand up , surround by security guard . commish you sit down ! you be not play with that idiot ever again . if you walk away from this bench now , you be never come back . I will see to it you never play in the NBA ! ever ! do you understand what I be say to you , coffee ? clarence my name be not coffee . it 's clarence . with that , clarence walk across the floor . the crowd erupt . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) look at this . coffee Black be walk over to the tropic . this crowd be go crazy ! clarence take off he spur jersey and throw it into the crowd . int . flint fairground coliseum - locker room - half time Jackie be laid out on a bench . scootsie pour a bucket of water on he . it do not work . everyone look worried . clarence enter the locker room . twiggy munson clarence ! clarence be he okay ? scootsie double -day I do not know . monix what the Hell be you do here ? clarence I be with you guy . monix be you out of you mind ? you want to lose you NBA contract ? get out of here . clarence no . monix you be go to give up the NBA for this ? ( he be ) well , you be a fuck asshole . ( now to Jackie ) Jackie . be you okay buddy ? monix crack a smell salt and wave it over Jackie 's face . we push in on jackie ... dissolve to : int . dreamland - day we be in Heaven . Jackie float next to he mother , who wear a white robe and hold a red , white and blue basketball . a basketball hoop hover behind they head . jackie' dream mom ( in a dream ) now , I want you to go forward , and tell the other what I have tell you here today . do you understand I , son ? jackie moon ( in a dream ) yes mother . you be so kind . ( beat ) I be sorry I steal you song . jackie' dream mom I forgive you for that a long time ago . I would say it 's about time you forgive yourself . 112 . jackie moon I do not want to leave this place . it 's so fluffy . I miss you , Mom . jackie' dream mom I miss you too , Jackie . now , you gotta wake up . you be miss the game . jackie moon oh. I be ? that 's bad be not it ? ( beat ) can you make time go backwards ? jackie' dream mom not really . now hurry up . and do not forget what I say . Jackie walk into the cloud , then turn back . jackie moon hey Mom , I throw up . jackie' dream mom I know you do , sweetie . int . tropic locker room - continuous Jackie wake from he dream . confused . jackie be Pov : bee bee Ellis , twiggy munson , scootsie double - Day and Kong yi look down at camera . bee bee ellis he 's awake . int . flint fairground coliseum - moment later we be back with live aba radio . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) this just in . it sound like Jackie Moon be up and around the locker room . that 's good news for the tropic . int . tropic locker room - continuous monix coaches the team . Jackie rub he head , not listen . 113. monix and I do not care how quick they defense be , we need to move the ball and -- jackie moon -- hold on you guy . I have something to tell you . monix what be it ? Jackie seem very serious ... jackie moon I have a dream . I have a dream , I be in heaven and my mother speak to I ... she be wear a flow white gown ... and she show I a whole new way to score a basket . she speak to I and say with this gift , you will win fourth place . ' bee bee ellis he 's lose he mind . twiggy munson we need to figure out what we be go to do in the second half . scootsie double -day yeah , we do not have time for any ghost basket . jackie moon you will not speak of my mother this way ! this shot be magical ! don't you understand ? Jackie 's eye be intense and he 's breathe way too hard . this dream be real . monix try to pacify he . monix alright Jackie , relax , okay ? jackie moon I will not relax ! we have to use this ! it be a gift from the otherworld ! monix and clarence shoot each other a look . clearly , Jackie be not go to take no for a answer . 114 . clarence okay Jackie , so what 's the play ? int . flint fairground collesium - night the second half be underway . clarence and Jackie be both play for the tropic . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) we be back in action here at the mega bowl . coffee Black be play for the tropic ... and Jackie Moon make the start ... in fact , it look like he 's try to run the offense here ... Jackie dribble at the top of the key , do a lot of point along with multiple hand signal . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) this be a new offense for the tropic . Jackie dribble to the top of the key ... and ... Jackie make eye contact with clarence . clarence cut to the basket and Jackie throw he a lob . slo mo : as clarence leap , we hear Jackie 's voice over from the locker room ... jackie ( v.0 . ) I have a dream . and in my dream , my mother jump ... her gown flow in the wind ... and she catch a pass in the air and dunked it , without ever touch the ground ... slo mo : clarence catch it and slam it hard . jackie moon ( v.0 . ) . she lift she veil and say ' I call this the alley oop . ' everyone stand there , astonished . the other team be freeze . the fan be confuse . the ref have no idea what to do . jackie moon ( v.0 . ) . and she say it would change the game forever ... the other player be start to appreciate what they have just see . 115 . spur # 1 damn , bro . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) woah . I be sorry , I do not know what just happen . spur # 2 do not he have to dribble first ? lou redwood ( v.0 . ) what the Hell be go on ? scootsie double -day hey Jackie , be not that against the rule ? jackie moon no. my Mom say it be fine . the whole arena be wait for Father Pat the ref to process this information . spur coach c'mon father PAT ! he can't do that ! it's traveling ! whistle ! Father Pat the ref wave he hand . father PAT the ref hold on . stop the game . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) the ref have stop the mega bowl . father PAT the ref foul on number twenty five . jackie moon foul ? I didn't touch anybody ! father PAT the ref well , people can't just fly in the AIR like that ! this cause jackie to lose he mind . jackie moon oh , please ! do you think my mom would cheat in my dream ? father PAT the ref what ? 116 . jackie moon she' a angel ! heaven want US to win ! I will burn you house down ! the other player stop Jackie 's attack . monix step over and calmly state the fact . monix it 's not a foul unless you touch another player . and it can not be travel without first establish a pivot foot . it 's two point , Father Pat , two point . Father Pat the ref think about this ... father PAT the ref i'm go to allow it . two point for flint ! the crowd go nut . the other team protest . Jackie point to the sky , right through the hole in the roof . music cue : the jackson five ' dancing machine ' quick cut : the tropic alley oop there way to FOURTH place . - clarence slam down another alley - oop . wheelchair Darren and wheelchair jody go crazy . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) there it be again , clarence leaping , and force the ball in a downward direction through the goal net off of a high arching pass -- hold on , I be be tell this be call a alley oop . yes , that 's easier to say . - another alley oop ! duke , shirtless , pump he fist . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) Jackie lob to clarence again . yes ! another alley oop ! the spur do not know what 's hit they . - monix double team and force a turn over . in the back of the stadium , lynn can not help but scream . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) monix with a steal -- a long bounce pass to scootsie double - Day for a lay -up . 117 . I will tell you , monix be play on one leg here in the second half . - monix cut off a bee bee Ellis pick toward the basket .. live aba radio ( v.0 . ) monix penetrate -- and -- wow ! he flip it up behind he back and clarence slam it home with one hand ! scoreboard : spur 100 , tropic 99 -- : 15 leave . int . flint fairground coliseum - fifteen second left monix 's team break the huddle and take the floor . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) in all my year of radio , I have never see anything like this . the tropic have fight they way back from a twenty nine point deficit . with twelve second leave to play , they be down by one point . a basket here could win it . it's the final play : the fan pray . monix take a deep breath , then in bound the ball -- slo mo : Jackie dribble , look up and loft a perfect pass to clarence ... slo mo : clarence fly up for the alley oop slam dunk ... slo mo : at the last second , petrelli fly into frame and swat it away ! live aba radio ( v.0 . ) petrelli with the rejection ! it 's out of bound -- the tropic keep the ball , with seven second on the clock . I will tell you Lou , the spur be look for that one . in the huddle : monix be yell above the noise . monix ( in the huddle ) okay , listen up : they have make adjustment out there . we can not just keep run the alley oop , okay ? they be key on clarence . everyone look at each other , worried . 118. scootsie double -day we be not go to run the alley oop ? bee bee ellis what be we go to run ? monix we be go to run the puke . bee bee ellis the puke ? monix do not tell I you have forget it . everyone smile at each other . they have not . monix we be go to pick away from the ball . we be go to move to the open space . I will not in bound the ball until someone have a good look . ( beat ) . the puke . clarence amen . jackie moon bring it in ! one two three -- everyone let' get tropical ! the tropic run the puke : a flash to the high side post with a outside screen and a back door cut . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) monix , look to inbound ... slo mo : clarence set a pick for scootsie- everyone rotate . Jackie pick and roll to the basket , open ... monix zip Jackie a no-look pass ... live aba radio ( v.0 . ) Jackie go up strong ... but petrelli elbow he in the head again ! whistle ! 119 . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) no good ! but petrelli foul he ! jackie be able to shake off the head injury . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) Jackie Moon will shoot two free throw here , he team down by one , with two second on the clock . one will tie it . he need both to win it . the ref hand Jackie the ball . the player take they place along the lane . Jackie step to the line . the whole arena be on pin and needle . jackie moon ( to he team ) do not worry you guy , I get this ... ( to the ball girl ) I be awesome at free throw . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) I will tell you , I do not remember the last time I have ever see Jackie attempt a free throw ... jackie moon ( louder now , to the fan ) it's okay everybody . seriously . free throws be , like , my best thing . now Jackie set up for the shot ... but , as jackie prepare , he sets up to shoot granny style , tossing underhanded from between he knee . monix what the Hell be you do ? jackie moon what , you have never see I shoot free throw before ? clarence he shoot they granny style . bee bee ellis always have . 120 . monix ( to himself ) shit. Jackie 's ritual be insane . he breathes , spin the ball , turn around 360 , deep knee bend , touch he leave shoulder four time , then suddenly wing the ball high in the AIR . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) the first attempt be ... good ! it swishes . the crowd goe nut ... live aba radio ( v.0 . ) the game be tie . one more and the tropic win . Jackie do the same ritual . but this time a bead of sweat roll over he forehead . he be nervous . but he toss anyway ... slo mo : the Ball float toward the basket . flash bulb pop . slo mo : the ball bounce off the rim , away from the basket . slo mo : monix elbow he way into position for a rebound . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) no good -- monix with the put back ! slo mo : monix catch the ball in the air and re-shoot a fade - away jumper . swish ! music cue : ' home sweet home ' by captain funk . live aba radio ( v.0 . ) flint win the mega BOWL ! flint win the mega BOWL ! flint win the mega BOWL ! Victory . all the tropic go crazy , scream , they pile on top of each other at center court . the crowd be go nut . wheelchair Darren and jody roll out onto the court . duke jump into the pile of player . Lynn have tear in she eye . in the madness . lucy moon find she husband , Jackie . lucy moon Jackie ! 121. jackie moon Lucy ? lucy moon kiss I , you hero . jackie moon my Mom say you be a bad lady . she say you vagina be for sad people . ext . flint fairground coliseum - continuous tropic fan pour out onto the street from the sport bar and immediately start smash shit . it 's a total riot . a group of flint cop see the riot , then flip there own cop car over . int . flint fairground coliseum - continuous the team be still celebrate , go crazy at center court . clarence , monix and jackie be all hugging each other amongst the chaos . jackie lift a giant twelve foot golden trophy in the AIR . clarence wait , there really be a trophy ? jackie moon hey , it 's the mega bowl . victory . in this moment , all three of they see the beauty in what they 've accomplished . clarence we do it . freeze frame on jackie , monix and clarence lifting the trophy together . the end begin end credit . as credit roll , we hear a voice ... announcer ( o.s. ) with they first pick in the 1977 NBA draft , the New Jersey net select ... 122. int . NBA draft - six month later the NBA draft be crowded with businessman and fan . draft announcer . shit , bitch , you be fine ... clarence stand up , happy , and walk on stage . he hold up a uniform with word : shitbitch u.b. phyne on it . reveal : in the crowd , monix clap , cheer clarence on ... he be with wife , lynn . but now monix stand up and walk on stage too . he put a new york nets hat on . draft announcer here to welcome he be rookie net coach , Ed monix . monix and clarence shake hand for the camera . clarence thanks for bring I on board , coach . monix all the good player be go . clarence do we really have to live in New Jersey ? monix just smile for the camera , shitbitch . int . recording studio - day Jackie be in a recording studio , play the synthesizer . play some beat , then hit the keyboard . title : jackie moon went on to write and record he own original song . we recognize Jackie 's song as the most familiar song in the world . it 's Gary glitter 's ' rock not Roll part ii ' the most famous sport - stadium standard in history . jackie moon ( sing Gary glitter ) hey ! 123 . ( wait for the beat ) hey ! ( wait for the beat ) hey ! title : he song would later be stolen by gary glitter and played in stadium across the globe . jackie moon ( sing Gary glitter ) hey ! ( wait for the beat ) hey ! ( wait for the beat ) hey ! the song end . the recording engineer pipe in . recording engineer sounded pretty nice . jackie moon yeah , that be a great take . play that back for I , would you ? recording engineer listen , can you take that ring off for a little while ? I be get some feedback from you microphone . ecu : jackie wear a humongous flint michigan tropic FOURTH place diamond ring . Jackie study he ring with a smile . jackie moon sorry Robert , the ring stay on . music cue : ' shake you groove thing ' by peach &amp ; herb . end credit continue .