" sense and sensibility " screenplay by Emma Thompson base on the novel by Jane austen ext . OPEN road - night - title sequence a series of travel shot . a well - dress , pompous -look individual ( JOHN dashwood , 35 ) be make a urgent journey on horseback . he look anxious . ext . norland park - england - MARCH 1800 - night silence . norland Park , a large country house build in the early part of the eighteenth century , lie in the moonlit parkland . int . norland park - mr dashwood' bedroom - night in the dim light shed by candle we see a bed in which a man ( mr dashwood , 52 ) lie he skin waxy , he breathe labour . around he two silhouettes move and murmur , they clothing susurrate in the deathly hush . doctor . a woman ( mrs dashwood , 50 ) sit by he side , hold he hand , she eye never leave he face . mr dashwood ( urgent ) be John not yet arrive ? mrs dashwood we expect he at any moment , dearest . mr dashwood look anguish . mr dashwood the girl -- I have leave so little . mrs dashwood shh , hush , Henry . mr dashwood elinor will try to look after you all , but make sure she find a good husband . the man be such noodle hereabout , little wonder none have pleased she . they smile at each other . mrs dashwood be just manage to conceal she fear and grief mrs dashwood but Marianne be sure to find she storybook hero . mr dashwood a romantic poet with flash eye and empty pocket ? mrs dashwood as long as she love he , whoever he be . mr dashwood Margaret will go to sea and become a pirate so we need not concern ourselves with she . mrs dashwood try to laugh but it emerge as a sob . a older manservant ( thomas ) now enter , anxiety write on every feature . thomas you son be arrive from London , sir . mr dashwood squeeze he wife 's hand . mr dashwood let I speak to John alone . she nod quickly and he smile at she with infinite tenderness . mr dashwood ah , my dear . how happy you have make I . mrs dashwood make a superhuman effort and smile back . she allow thomas to help she out . she pass JOHN dashwood as he enter , press he hand , but can not speak . JOHN take she place by the bed . JOHN Father ... mr dashwood summon he last ounce of energy and start to whisper with desperate intensity . mr dashwood John you will find out soon enough from my will that the estate of norland be leave to I in such a way as prevent I from divide it between my family . JOHN blink . he can not quite take it in . JOHN calm yourself , Father . this be not good for you . but mr dashwood continue with even great determination . mr dashwood norland in its entirety be therefore yours by law and I be happy for you and fanny . JOHN look tear between genuine distress and unexpected delight . mr dashwood but you stepmother my wife and daughter be leave with only five hundred pound a year , barely enough to live on and nothing for the girl ' dowry . you must help they . JOHN 's face be a picture of conflict emotion . behind they be the ominous rustling of parchment . JOHN of course mr dashwood you must promise to do this . a brief moment of sincerity overcome JOHN 's natural hypocrisy . JOHN I promise , Father , I promise . mr dashwood seem relieved . suddenly he breathe change . JOHN look alarmed . he rise and we hear he go to find the doctor . JOHN come ! come quickly ! but it be we who share the die man 's last word . mr dashwood help they . ext . JOHN and fanny'' town house - london - day outside the house sit a very well - to - do carriage . behind it wait another open carriage upon which servant be lay trunk and box . fanny ( v.o. ) ' help they ? ' int . JOHN and fanny'' town house - dressing room - day JOHN be stand in mourn clothes and a travel cape . he be watch , and obviously wait for , a pert woman ( fanny dashwood ) who be stand by a mirror look at he keenly . fanny what do you mean , 'help they ' ? JOHN dearest , I mean to give they three thousand pound . fanny go very still . JOHN get nervous . JOHN the interest will provide they with a little extra income . such a gift will certainly discharge my promise to my father . fanny slowly turn back to the mirror . fanny oh , without question ! more than amply ... JOHN one have rather , on such occasion , do too much than too little . a pause as fanny turn and look at he again . JOHN of course , he do not stipulate a particular sum . int . laundry - norland park - day a red-ey maid ( betsy ) plunge a beautiful muslin frock into a vat of black dye . int . norland park - mrs dashwood' bedroom - day mrs dashwood be rush about , mourn ribbon flap , put she knick - knack into a small valise . the room be in chaos . a young woman ( elinor dashwood ) look on helplessly . mrs dashwood to be reduce to the condition of visitor in my own home ! it be not to be borne , elinor ! elinor consider , mamma ! we have nowhere to go . mrs dashwood John and fanny will descend from London at any moment , follow no doubt by cartload of relative ready to turn we out of we room one by one do you expect I to be here to welcome they ? vulture ! she suddenly collapse into a chair and burst into tear . elinor I shall start make inquiry for a new house at once . until then we must try to bear they come . int . JOHN and fanny'' carriage - day JOHN and fanny be on they way out of London . JOHN Fifteen hundred then . what say you to fifteen hundred ? fanny what brother on earth would do half so much for he real sister -- let alone half - blood ? JOHN they can hardly expect more . fanny there be no know what they expect . the question be , what can you afford ? int . norland park - drawing room - day a beautiful young woman ( marianne dashwood ) be sit at the piano play a particularly sad piece . elinor enter . elinor Marianne , can not you play something else ? mamma have be weep since breakfast . marianne stop , turn the page of she music book and start play something equally lugubrious . elinor I mean something less mournful , dearest . ext . roadside inn - day JOHN and fanny be wait as the ostler make the final adjustment to they carriage . the landlord hover , wait for a tip . JOHN a hundred pound a year to they mother while she life . would that be more advisable ? it be better than parting with the fifteen hundred all at once . he display some coin in he hand . fanny remove one and nod . fanny but if she should live longer than fifteen year we would be completely take in . people always live forever when there be a annuity to be pay they . JOHN give the coin to the landlord . ext . norland park - margaret' tree - house - day elinor come to the foot of a large tree from which a small staircase issue . elinor Margaret , be you there ? please come down . John and fanny will be here soon . a pause . elinor be about to leave when a disembody and truculent young voice stop she . margaret ( v.o. ) why be they come to live at norland ? they already have a house in London . elinor because house go from father to son , dearest not from father to daughter . it be the law . silence . elinor try another tack . elinor if you come inside , we could play with you atla . margaret ( v.o. ) it 's not my atla any more . it 's they atla . close on elinor as she ponder the truth of this statement . int . JOHN and fanny'' carriage - day JOHN and fanny joggle on . JOHN twenty pound now and then will amply discharge my promise , you be quite right . fanny indeed . although to say the truth , I be convinced within myself that you father have no idea of you give they money . JOHN they will have five hundred a year amongst they as it be -- fanny -- and what on earth can four woman want for more than that ? they housekeep will be nothing at all they will have no carriage , no horse , hardly any servant and will keep no company . only conceive how comfortable they will be ! int . norland park - servant ' hall - day the large contingent of servant who staff norland Park be gather in gloomy silence as elinor address they . elinor as you know , we be look for a new home . when we leave we shall be able to retain only Thomas and betsy . cam hold on thomas and betsy , a capable woman . elinor we be very sorry to have to leave you all . but we be certain you will find the new Mrs dashwood a fair and generous mistress . ext . norland park . drive - day JOHN and fanny 's carriage approach norland . fanny ( v.o. ) they will be much more able to give you something . int . JOHN and fanny'' carriage - day JOHN and fanny be about to get out . JOHN so we be agree . no money but the occasional gift of game and fish in season will be very welcome . fanny you father would be proud of you . int . norland park - dine room - early eve the entire family , with the exception of margaret , be present . betsy be serve food in a atmosphere of stiff silence . cutlery clink . JOHN chew loudly . marianne be rigid with resentment . mrs dashwood maintain a cool , remove dignity . elinor try to play hostess . elinor how be Mrs ferrar ? fanny my mother be always in excellent health , thank you . my brother Robert be in town with she this season and quite the most popular bachelor in London ! he have he own barouche . in the brief silence which follow this , fanny surreptitiously check the hallmark on she butterknife . elinor you have two brother , have you not ? fanny indeed , yes . Edward be the eldest mamma quite depend upon he . he be travel up from plymouth shortly and will break he journey here . mrs dashwood look at elinor pointedly . JOHN notice . JOHN ( to mrs dashwood ) if that be agreeable to you , of course . mrs dashwood my dear John this be you home now . fanny look about , barely able to conceal she satisfaction . int . norland park - elinor' bedroom - day elinor be sit with a little pile of parcel . she put a shawl into some paper and tie it with ribbon as marianne thunder in , look mutinous . marianne fanny wish to know where the key for the silver cabinet be keep . elinor betsy have it , I think . what do fanny want with the silver ? marianne I can only presume she want to count it . what be you do ? elinor present for the servant . have you see Margaret ? I be worried about she . she have take to hide in the oddest place . marianne fortunate girl . at least she can escape fanny , which be more than any of we be able . elinor you do you best . you have not say a word to she for a week . marianne ( truculently ) I have ! I have say ' yes ' and ' no ' . int . norland park - breakfast room - day fanny , mrs dashwood , elinor and JOHN be at breakfast . marianne enter . elinor catch she eye and indicate fanny with a slight motion of she head . marianne make a face . marianne ( very polite ) good morning , fanny . fanny be rather startle . fanny good morning , Marianne . elinor be relieved . marianne ( to fanny ) how do you find the silver ? be it all genuine ? elinor rush in before marianne get any further . elinor pray , when may we expect the pleasure of you brother 's company ? fanny Edward be due tomorrow . and my dear Mrs dashwood , in view of the fact that he will not be with we for long , I wonder if miss Margaret would mind give up she room to he the view be quite incomparable from she window and I should so much like Edward to see norland at its best . marianne slam she cup down and throw a furious look at elinor . int . norland park - margaret' bedroom - day elinor and marianne be remove margaret 's toy . marianne intolerable woman ! elinor there be but one consolation if Edward be anything like fanny , we shall be only too happy to leave . ext . norland park - drive - day a very capable horseman ( edward ferrar ) canter up the gravel drive . close on he face as he gaze up at the elegant façade . int . norland park - drawing room - day everyone except margaret be present . edward have just shake band with elinor . he behave with great respect to the dashwood and seem embarrassed by fanny 's pro prietorial air . fanny but where be miss Margaret ? I declare , Mrs dashwood , I be beginning to doubt of she existence ! she must run positively wild ! mrs dashwood forgive we , Mr ferrar . my youngest be not to be find this morning . she be a little shy of stranger at present . edward naturally . I be also shy of stranger and I have nothing like she excuse . marianne ( dangerous ) how do you like you view , Mr ferrar ? elinor glance at she warningly but edward reply with careful consideration . edward very much . you stable be very handsome and beautifully keep , Mrs dashwood . fanny stables ! Edward -- you window overlook the lake . edward a oversight , fanny , lead I to the wrong room . I have rectify the situation and be happily settle in the guest quarter . marianne and elinor look at each other in surprise . fanny look furious . mrs dashwood smile warmly at edward . close on elinor . she be impressed . int . norland park - staircase - day fanny be walk with edward , who look at the picture with interest . fanny they be all exceedingly spoil , I find . miss Margaret spend all she time up tree and under furniture and I have barely have a civil word from Marianne . edward my dear fanny , they have just lose they father they life will never be the same again . fanny that be no excuse . int . norland park - library - day fanny lead edward in . she sniff with distaste . fanny I have never like the smell of book . edward oh ? no . the dust , perhaps . as they speak , edward notice a large atla retreate apparently all by itself across the floor . someone be obviously under the table , pull it out of sight . he register it and immediately move in such a way as to shield it from fanny . he turn back , search for something to divert she . edward I hear you have great plan for the walnut grove . fanny oh yes ! I shall have it pull down to make room for a grecian temple . there be a stifle wail from under the table , which edward cover with a cough . edward how picturesque . will you show I the site ? and he usher fanny out , flick a quick glance over he shoulder at the fugitive 's foot . int . norland park - velvet room - day elinor , mrs dashwood and marianne be sit round a table with a pile of letter . elinor be hand one back to she mother . elinor too expensive . we do not need four bedroom , we can share . marianne this one , then ? elinor read the letter quickly . elinor Marianne , we have only five hundred pound a year . I will send out more inquiry today . there be a knock on the door . hesitantly , edward appear . edward pardon my intrusion , but I believe I have find what you be look for . marianne and mrs dashwood be puzzle by he elliptical manner but elinor immediately understand and rise , in smile relief . int . norland park - entrance hall outside library - day edward be stand outside keep a discreet lookout . the door be half open and he can hear elinor try to coax margaret out . fanny walk by with a butler to whom she be give instruction . edward pretend to examine the moulding and she pass on unsuspecting . elinor ( v.o. ) wo not you come out , dearest ? we have not see you all day . mamma be very concerned . more silence . edward think hard . he make a decision . int . norland park - library - day edward walk in loudly . edward oh , miss dashwood ! Excuse I I be wonder do you by any chance have such a thing as a reliable atla ? elinor look up at he in astonishment . elinor I believe so . edward excellent . I wish to check the position of the Nile . edward appear to be utterly sincere . edward my sister say it be in South America . from under the table we hear a snort . elinor look at he in realisation . elinor oh ! no , no indeed . she be quite wrong . for I believe it be in -- in Belgium . edward Belgium ? surely not . you must be think of the volga . margaret ( from under the table ) the volga ? elinor of course . the volga , which , as you know , start in ... edward vladivostok , and end in ... elinor St alban . edward indeed . where the coffee bean come from . they be have such a good time that it be rather a pity the game be stop by the appearance from under the table of margaret who reveal herself to be a dishevel girl of eleven . she haul the atla up and plonk it in front of edward . margaret the source of the Nile be in abyssinia . edward be it ? good heaven . how do you do . Edward ferrar . margaret Margaret dashwood . edward shake margaret 's hand solemnly and look over she head at elinor . they smile at each other , a connection make . int . norland park - drawing room - another day JOHN be read a newspaper . mrs dashwood sit across from fanny , who thumb through a fashion - plate magazine . elinor be at a desk by the window write a letter we see the word 'of course we should like to leave as soon as possible ' . suddenly she hear a commotion outside . margaret run past the window brandish a stick . edward follow , and proceed to teach she the first principle of sword - fight . they feint and parry , edward serious and without a hint of condescension , margaret concentrate furiously . edward suddenly turn , as though feel elinor 's gaze . she smile but look away quickly . int . norland park - velvet room - another day edward come into the doorway and see elinor who be listen to marianne play a concerto . elinor stand in a graceful , rather sad attitude , she back to we . suddenly she sense edward behind she and turn . he be about to turn away , embarrassed to have be catch admire she , when he see she have be weep . hastily she try to dry she eye . he come forward and offer she a handkerchief , which she take with a grateful smile . we notice he monogram in the corner : ecf . elinor ( apologetic ) that be my father 's favourite . edward nod kindly . elinor thank you so much for you help with Margaret , Mr ferrar . she be a change girl since you arrival . edward not at all . I enjoy she company . elinor have she show you she tree-house ? edward not yet . would you do I the honour , miss dashwood ? it be very fine out . elinor with pleasure . they start to walk out of shot , still talk . elinor Margaret have always want to travel . edward I know . she be head a expedition to China shortly . I be to go as she servant but only on the understanding that I will be very badly treat . elinor what will you duty be ? edward sword-fight , administer rum and swabbing . elinor ah . cam tilt up to find mrs dashwood on the middle landing of the staircase , smile down at they . cam tilt up yet further to find fanny on the landing above , watch edward and elinor with a face like a prune . ext . norland park - garden - day edward and elinor be still talk as they walk arm in arm in the late afternoon sun . edward all I want -- all I have ever want be the quiet of a private life but my mother be determine to see I distinguished . elinor as ? edward she hardly know . any fine figure will suit a great orator , a lead politician , even a barrister would serve , but only on the condition that I drive my own barouche and dine in the first circle . his tone be light but there be a underlying bitterness to it . elinor and what do you wish for ? edward I always prefer the church , but that be not smart enough for my mother she prefer the army , but that be a great deal too smart for I . elinor would you stay in London ? edward I hate London . no peace . a country live be my ideal a small parish where I might do some good , keep chicken and give very short sermon . ext . field near norland - day edward and elinor be on horseback . the atmosphere be intimate , the quality of the conversation roote now in they affection . elinor you talk of feel idle and useless imagine how that be compound when one have no choice and no hope whatsoever of any occupation . edward nod and smile at the irony of it . edward we circumstance be therefore precisely the same . elinor except that you will inherit you fortune . he look at she slightly shocked but enjoy she boldness . elinor we can not even earn ours . edward perhaps Margaret be right . elinor right ? edward piracy be we only option . they ride on in silence for a moment . edward what be swabbing exactly ? int . norland park - drawing room - eve dinner be over . JOHN and fanny be examine plan of the norland estate , look for somewhere to build a hermitage . edward be read out loud . elinor embroider and listen . mrs dashwood and marianne make up the rest of the audience , the latter in a state of high impatience . edward no voice divine the storm allay no light propitious shine , when snatch from all effectual aid , we perish each alone : but I beneath a rougher sea , and whelmed in deeper gulf than he . marianne jump up and go to he . marianne no , Edward ! listen . she take the book from he and read the stanza with passionate brio . marianne can you not feel he despair ? try again . Rather mortify , edward start again , but not before receive a sympathetic look from elinor which seem to comfort he a little . int . norland park - morning room - day mrs dashwood be ruminate sadly . marianne rush in hold a letter . marianne mamma , look . this have just arrive . mrs dashwood ( read from the letter ) ' I should be pleased to offer you a home at Barton Cottage as soon as ever you have need of it ' why , it be from my cousin , Sir John middleton ! marianne even elinor must approve the rent . mrs dashwood look at the letter again and think . mrs dashwood have elinor not yet see this ? marianne no I will fetch she . mrs dashwood wait . no . let we delay . marianne why ? mrs dashwood I think -- I believe that Edward and elinor have form a attachment . Marianne nod , a little reluctantly . mrs dashwood it would be cruel to take she away so soon and devonshire be so far . mrs dashwood make she decision . she take the letter and hide it in the pocket of she gown . marianne look on frowningly . mrs dashwood why so grave ? do you disapprove she choice ? marianne by no mean . Edward be very amiable . mrs dashwood amiable but ? marianne but there be something want . he be too sedate he read last night . mrs dashwood elinor have not you feeling , he reserve suit she . marianne think for a little . marianne can he love she ? can the ardour of the soul really be satisfied with such polite , conceal affection ? to love be to burn to be on fire , all make of passion , of adoration , of sacrifice ! like juliet , or guinevere or heloise . mrs dashwood they make rather pathetic end , dear . marianne pathetic ! to die for love ? how can you say so ? what could be more glorious ? mrs dashwood I think that may be take you romantic sensibility a little far . marianne the more I know of the world , the more I be convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can truly love . mrs dashwood you require so much ! marianne I do not ! I require only what any young woman of taste should a man who sing well , dance admirably , ride bravely , read with passion and whose taste agree in every point with my own . int . norland park - elinor' bedroom - night elinor be in bed , deep in think . marianne enter in she nightclothes , carry a book of poetry . she read , teasingly . marianne be love a fancy , or a feel ? no it be immortal as immaculate truth ' tis not a blossom shed as soon as youth drop from the stem of life for it will grow in barren region , where no water flow nor ray of promise cheat the pensive gloom -- she jump onto the bed . elinor smile somewhat suspiciously . marianne what a pity it be that Edward have no passion for read . elinor it be you who ask he to read and then you make he nervous . marianne I ? elinor but you behaviour to he in all other respects be perfectly cordial so I must assume that you like he in spite of he deficiency . marianne ( try hard ) I think he everything that be amiable and worthy . elinor praise indeed ! marianne but he shall have my unanswer devotion when you tell I he be to be my brother . elinor be greatly take aback and do not know how to reply . suddenly marianne hug she passionately . marianne how shall I do without you ? elinor do without I ? marianne pull away , she eye full of tear . marianne I be sure you will be very happy . but you must promise not to live too far away . elinor Marianne , there be no question of that be , there be no under stand between ... elinor trail off . marianne look at she keenly . marianne do you love he ? the bold clarity of this question discomfort elinor . elinor I do not attempt to deny that I think very highly of he that I greatly esteem that I like he . marianne esteem he ! like he ! use that insipid word again and I shall leave the room this instant ! this make elinor laugh in spite of she discomfort . elinor very well . forgive I . believe my feeling to be stronger than I have declare but further than that you must not believe . marianne be flummox but she rally swiftly and pick up she book again . marianne ' be love a fancy or a feel ? ' or a ferrar ? elinor go to bed ! elinor blushes in good earnest . marianne go to the door . marianne ( imitate elinor ) ' I do not attempt to deny that I think highly of he greatly esteem he ! like he !' and she be go , leave elinor both agitate and amused . int . norland park - breakfast room - day fanny be stand by the window look out . we see she Pov of elinor and edward walk in the garden . mrs dashwood enter , pause for a moment and then join fanny at the window . fanny pretend not to have be watch but mrs dashwood look down at the lover and then smile sweetly at she . mrs dashwood we be all so happy that you choose to invite Edward to norland . he be a dear boy and we be all very fond of he . fanny do a bit of quick think . fanny we have great hope for he . much be expect of he by we mother with regard to he profession mrs dashwood naturally . fanny and in marriage . she be determine that both he and Robert will marry well . mrs dashwood of course . but I hope she desire they to marry for love , first and foremost ? I have always feel that , contrary to common wisdom , true affection be by far the most valuable dowry . fanny Love be all very well , but unfortunately we cannot always rely on the heart to lead we in the most suitable direction . fanny lower she voice confidingly . fanny you see , my dear Mrs dashwood , Edward be entirely the kind of compassionate person upon whom penniless woman can prey -- and have enter into any kind of understanding , he would never go back on he word . he be quite simply incapable of do so . but it would lead to he ruin . I worry for he so , Mrs dashwood . my mother have always make it perfectly plain that she will withdraw all financial support from Edward , should he choose to plant he affection in less ... exalt ground than he deserve . it be impossible for mrs dashwood not to get the point . she be appal and furious . mrs dashwood I understand you perfectly . she sweep off . int . norland park - mrs dashwood' dressing room - day mrs dashwood , breathless with rage , be search through she wardrobe for the gown which contain sir JOHN 's letter . frock fly hither and thither . finally mrs dashwood plunge she hand into the right pocket and withdraw the letter . she look at it , suddenly concerned and anxious . int . norland park - dine room - eve the entire family be present . everyone be watch mrs dashwood , who have just make she announcement . edward devonshire ! he be devastate . fanny be thrilled . mrs dashwood look at he with compassion and then at elinor , who be try to keep calm . mrs dashwood my cousin Sir John middleton have offer we a small house on he estate . JOHN Sir John middleton ? what be he situation ? he must be a man of property . mrs dashwood he be a widower . he life with he mother - in- law at Barton Park and it be Barton Cottage that he offer we . fanny oh , a cottage ! how charming . a little cottage be always very snug . edward but you will not leave before the summer ? mrs dashwood oh , my dear Edward , we can no longer trespass upon you sister 's good will . we must leave as soon as possible . margaret you will come and stay with we , Edward ! edward I should like that very much . fanny Edward have long be expect in town by we mother . mrs dashwood ignore fanny . mrs dashwood come as soon as you can , Edward . remember that you be always welcome . int / ext . norland park - stable - day elinor have come to say goodbye to she horse . she stroke the soft face sadly . then she sense someone and turn to find edward stand nearby . edward can not you take he with you ? elinor we can not possibly afford he . edward perhaps he could make himself useful in the kitchen ? elinor try to smile . edward look at she for a long moment and then come closer . edward miss dashwood --elinor . I must talk to you . the use of she Christian name -- and in such a loving tone -- stop elinor 's breath altogether . edward there be something of great importance I need ... to tell you -- he come closer still . the horse breathes between they . elinor be on fire with anticipation but edward look troubled and have less the air of a suitor than he might . edward -- about -- about my education . elinor ( after a beat ) you education ? edward yes . it be less ... successful than it might have be . edward laugh nervously . elinor be completely bewilder . edward it be conduct in plymouth -- oddly enough . elinor indeed ? edward yes . do you know it ? elinor plymouth ? edward yes . elinor no . edward oh -- well -- I spend four year there -- at a school run by a--a Mr Pratt -- elinor Pratt ? elinor be beginning to feel like a parrot . edward precisely -- Mr Pratt -- and there , I - - that be to say , he have a -- as edward flounder , a familiar voice cut through this unexpected foray into he academic past . fanny Edward ! Edward ! they turn to find fanny power down upon they , wave a letter . edward step back , glance almost guiltily at elinor , who be as confuse as we be . fanny I have be all over for you ! you be need in London this instant ! edward fanny , I be leave this afternoon as it be -- fanny no , no , that will not do . family affair be in chaos owe to you absence . mother be quite adamant that you should leave at once . fanny be determine . she obviously have no intention of leave he alone with elinor . edward turn to elinor , frustration in every muscle , he jaw set tight . edward Excuse I , miss dashwood . fanny drag edward off , leave elinor to gaze sadly after they . int . the lady ' carriage - OPEN road - rain - eve the dashwood be on they way . the mood be very sombre . margaret Edward promise he would bring the atla to Barton for I . marianne look at elinor , pleased . marianne do he ? well , I will wager he will do so in less than a fortnight ! mrs dashwood look at elinor with satisfaction . ext . the lady ' carriage - OPEN road - eve the carriage roll on . margaret ( v.o. ) be we there yet ? ext . road to and from barton cottage - day in comparison to norland , Barton Cottage have the air of a damp shoebox . it sit low and bleak in the grey lonely countryside . from one side we can see the dashwood ' carriage draw up at the gate . from the other , a much grander vehicle , from which loud whooping can be hear , be approach . ext . barton cottage - garden path - day as the exhaust dashwood alight , they converge with a ruddy - complexion man in a redingote ( sir JOHN middleton ) and a rotund , equally roseate lady ( mrs jenning ) who have fall over each other in they haste to get out of they carriage . mrs dashwood Sir John ! sir JOHN clasp she hand and start to help she up the path , follow by elinor , marianne and margaret , who be clearly fascinate by he bouncy companion . sir JOHN dear lady , dear lady , upon my word , here you be , here you be , here you be ! mrs dashwood Sir John , you extraordinary kindness -- sir JOHN oh , none of that , hush , please , none of that , but here be my dear mamma - in - law Mrs jenning . mrs jenning be the journey tolerable , you poor soul ? sir JOHN why do you not come up to the Park first and take you ease ? we see you pass -- like many people who live rather lonely life together . sir JOHN and mrs jenning talk incessantly , interrupt each other all the time and never listen . mrs jenning -- but I would not wait for you to come to we , I make John call for the carriage -- sir JOHN she would not wait , you know . mrs jenning -- as we get so little company . they reach the front door and betsy 's smile welcome . in the confusion of milling people and thomas carry the lighter luggage , marianne contrive to slip into the house alone . we follow she but hear the conversation continue in v.o. marianne look about the parlour , where a dismal fire be smoking . she start up the stair , expressionless . mrs jenning ( v.o. ) but I feel as if I know you already -- delightful creature ! sir JOHN ( v.o. ) delightful ! and you know you be to dine at Barton Park every day . mrs dashwood ( v.o. ) oh , but dear Sir John , we cannot -- sir JOHN ( v.o. ) oh , no no no no no no no , I shall not brook refusal . I be quite deaf to them , you know -- mrs jenning ( v.o. ) -- deaf -- marianne enter a small bedroom . she sit on the bed . then she go to the window and open it . voice float up . sir JOHN ( v.o. ) but I insist ! elinor ( v.o. ) let we only settle in for a few day , Sir John , and thank you -- sir JOHN ( v.o. ) oh , no thanking , no , please , can not bear them , embarrassing , you know -- marianne close the window and cross the corridor to another bed room -- similarly stark . she sigh and turn back down the stair . sir JOHN ( v.o. ) we will send game and fruit as a matter of course -- mrs jenning ( v.o. ) -- fruit and game -- sir JOHN ( v.o. ) -- and the carriage be at you beck and call -- marianne join the group , who be now in the parlour . mrs jenning -- call -- and here be miss Marianne ! sir JOHN where do you disappear to ? mrs jenning I declare you be the loveliest girl I ever set eye on ! can not you get they marry , Mrs dashwood ? you must not leave it too long ! sir JOHN but , ala , there be no smart young man hereabout to woo they -- mrs jenning -- not a beau for mile ! the strain of exhibit joy and gratitude be beginning to tell on mrs dashwood who be sagging visibly . sir JOHN come , mother , let we leave they in peace . mrs jenning but there be Colonel brandon ! sir JOHN be drag she down the path . sir JOHN excellent fellow ! we serve in the East India regiment together . mrs jenning just wait till he see you ! if we can persuade he out to meet you ! sir JOHN reclusive individual . but you be fatigue . I can see that you be fatigue . now he be push she into the carriage . mrs jenning of course she be fatigue ! sir JOHN come along , mother , we really must leave they to themselves . mrs jenning you must get you maidservant to make you up some camphor -- it be the best tonic for the stagger ! sir JOHN send Thomas to we for the carriage when you be ready ! they take off , wave wildly . margaret go down the path to watch they and turn back to she slightly stunne family . margaret I like they . mrs dashwood ( weakly ) what generosity . elinor indeed . I be surprised they do not offer we they clothing . int . barton cottage - elinor and marianne's bedroom - night marianne and elinor be get undress for bed . it 's very cold . they keep they undercloth on and get in , shiver at the bony chill of the linen . ext . barton cottage - kitchen garden - day betsy be pin out laundry . ext . barton cottage - garden - day margaret try to climb a impossible tree . her petticoat snag and tear . int . barton cottage - elinor and marianne's bedroom - day marianne look out of the window at the wild countryside . uncon sciously , one hand play up and down on the sill as though it be a keyboard . int . barton cottage - parlour - day elinor sit at a little desk count money and make note . betsy enter to clean out the fire . she notice the money . betsy sugar be five shilling a pound this part , miss dashwood . elinor ( lightly ) no more sugar then . int . barton cottage - parlour - eve close on mrs dashwood look out of the window , think . she remember mrs jenning 's word : mrs jenning ( v.o. ) not a beau for mile . mrs dashwood turn into the room to look at she brood . elinor and marianne be mend margaret 's petticoat . close on the mother 's anxious expression -- what be to become of they ? ext . barton park - eve establish shot of sir JOHN 's house - - a very comfortable - look country seat with fine grounds . sir JOHN ( v.o. ) where can brandon be , poor fellow ? I hope he have not lame he horse . int . barton park - dine room - eve close on a empty chair and place set . pull out to reveal the dashwood at they first dinner with sir JOHN and mrs jenning . mrs jenning Colonel brandon be the most eligible bachelor in the county -- he be bound to do for one of you . mind , he be a better age for miss dashwood -- but I dare say she leave she heart behind in sussex , eh ? marianne flash a unmistakable glance of alarmed concern at she sister , which mrs jenning notice . mrs jenning aha ! I see you , miss Marianne ! I think I have unearth a secret ! sir JOHN oho ! have you sniff one out already , mother ? you be worse than my best pointer , flossie ! they both laugh immoderately . elinor try to stay calm . mrs jenning what sort of man be he , miss dashwood ? be he butcher , baker , candlestick - maker ? I shall winkle it out of you somehow , you know ! sir JOHN she 's horribly good at winkling . mrs jenning you be in lonely country now , miss dashwood , none of we have any secret here -- sir JOHN -- or if we do , we do not keep they for long ! elinor try to smile . marianne look furious . margaret be stare at mrs jenning as if she be some particularly thrill form of wildlife . mrs jenning he be curate of the parish , I dare say ! sir JOHN or a handsome lieutenant ! mrs jenning give we a clue , miss dashwood - - be he in uniform ? elinor start to change the subject , but margaret interrupt she . margaret he have no profession ! sir JOHN and mrs jenning turn on she with scream of delight . elinor , marianne and mrs dashwood look at each other helplessly . sir JOHN no profession ! a gentleman , then ! marianne ( with dagger ) Margaret , you know perfectly well there be no such person . margaret there be ! there be ! and he name begin with a F ! elinor look hard at she plate . mrs dashwood Margaret ! mrs dashwood be appal at she youngest 's relish for such a vulgar game . sir JOHN and mrs jenning be cock -a-hoop . sir JOHN F indeed ! a very promise letter . let I --f , F , fo , fa ... upon my word , but I cannot think of a single name beginning with F -- mrs jenning forrest ? Foster ? frost ? foggarty ? marianne suddenly stand up . sir JOHN and mrs jenning be so surprised they stop talk . everyone stare at marianne . marianne ( control fury ) Sir John , might I play you pianoforte ? sir JOHN of course , yes - - my goodness . we do not stand on ceremony here , my dear . for once , elinor be grateful for she sister 's rudeness as everyone rise and follow marianne out . ext . barton park - front step - eve a soldierly man of about forty ( colonel brandon ) be dismount from he horse . from within we hear marianne 's song begin . his head snap up to the window . a expression of pain surprise come into he melancholy , brood eye . int . barton park - music room - eve everyone watch marianne as she play and sing . behind they we see brandon enter . but he stay in the shadow of the door and no one notice he . close on he face . he gaze at marianne with a unfathomable look of grief and long . he breathes in deeply . suddenly , elinor feel he presence and look around at he . after a few moment , she turn back , slightly puzzle . the song finish . everyone clap . the man venture out into the light and sir JOHN spring from he seat . sir JOHN brandon ! where have you be ? come , come and meet we beautiful new neighbour ! mrs jenning what a pity you be late , Colonel ! you have miss the most delightful sing ! brandon bow to the company and smile slightly . colonel brandon a great pity , indeed . elinor look at he , even more puzzle . sir JOHN Mrs dashwood , may I present my dear friend Colonel brandon ? we serve together in the East indie and I assure you there be no better fellow on earth -- margaret have you really be to the East indie , Colonel ? colonel brandon I have . margaret what be it like ? margaret be quivering with fascination . sir JOHN like ? hot . but colonel brandon know what margaret want to hear . colonel brandon ( mysteriously ) the air be full of spice . margaret smile with satisfaction . sir JOHN come , miss dashwood -- it be you turn to entertain we ! elinor oh no , Sir John , I do not -- sir JOHN -- and I think we can all guess what key you will sing in ! sir JOHN and mrs jenning be burst with they new joke . sir JOHN / mrs jenning F major ! they fall about . int . sir john' carriage - night the dashwood be return home . a row be in progress . marianne ( to Margaret ) as for you , you have no right , no right at all , to parade you ignorant assumption -- margaret they be not assumption . you tell I . elinor stare at marianne . marianne colour and attack margaret again . marianne I tell you nothing -- margaret they will meet he when he come , anyway . marianne that be not the point . you do not speak of such thing before stranger -- margaret but everyone else be -- marianne Mrs jenning be not everyone . margaret I like she ! she talk about thing . we never talk about thing . mrs dashwood hush , please , now that be enough , Margaret . if you cannot think of anything appropriate to say , you will please restrict you remark to the weather . a heat pause . margaret I like Colonel brandon too . he 's be to place . ext . pond near barton park - day in the background , sir JOHN , elinor and mrs jenning pack the remain of a picnic into a basket . mrs dashwood and margaret examine a foxhole . in the foreground , marianne be cut bulrush for basketwork . her knife be blunt and she saw impatiently . colonel brandon materialise at she side and wordlessly offer she he hunt knife . oddly nervous , marianne take it . she turn back to the rush and cut they with ease . the colonel 's gaze follow she movement as if hold by a magnet . int . keeper' lodge - barton park - day sir JOHN and brandon be clean they gun in companionable silence -- a habit leave over from army day . sir JOHN eye brandon roguishly . sir JOHN you know what they be say , of course ... no answer . sir JOHN the word be that you have develop a taste for -- certain company . brandon stay resolutely silent . sir JOHN be emboldene . sir JOHN and why not , say I . a man like you -- in he prime -- she would be a most fortunate young lady -- brandon cut across he . colonel brandon Marianne dashwood would no more think of I than she would of you , John . sir JOHN brandon , my boy , do not think of yourself so meanly -- colonel brandon and all the better for she . sir JOHN subside . brandon be clearly as angry with himself as he be with sir JOHN . ext . pond near barton park - another day brandon stride along in hunt gear , a gun sling under one arm , he dog trot behind he with a duck clamp between its jaw . the bulrush catch he eye and he slow , then stop . he stand for a moment deep in think . then he take he hunt knife , cut one and walk off contemplatively . ext . barton park - garden - day a outdoor luncheon be in progress . colonel brandon be talk to mrs dashwood . occasionally he look over towards marianne , who be play bilboquet with sir JOHN and margaret . mrs jenning nudge elinor hard and gesture to brandon . mrs jenning ( stage whisper ) besotted ! excellent match , for he be rich and she be handsome . elinor how long have you know the Colonel ? mrs jenning oh , Lord bless you , as long as ever I have be here , and I come fifteen year back . his estate at delaford be but four mile hence and he and John be very thick . he have no wife or child of he own , for - - mrs jenning lower she voice to a stentorian whisper . mrs jenning -- he have a tragic history . he love a girl once -- twenty year ago now - - a ward to he family , but they be not permit to marry ... elinor be intrigue . elinor on what grounds ? mrs jenning money . eliza be poor . when the father discover they amour , she be flung out of the house and he pack off into the army . I believe he would have do himself a harm if not for John ... elinor what become of the lady ? mrs jenning oh , she be pass from man to man -- disappear from all good society . when brandon get back from India he searched for heaven know how long , only to find she die in a poor house . you have see how it have affect he . once I think my daughter Charlotte might have cheer he up , but she be much better off where she be . elinor be silent with amazement at this unexpected history . mrs jenning look at he now , though . so attentive . I shall try a experiment on he . elinor oh no , please , dear Mrs jenning , leave the poor Colonel alone . mrs jenning no , no , it be just the thing -- all suitor need a little help , my dear mrs jenning wink at elinor and rub she hand as though about to perform a magic trick . mrs jenning ( trillingly ) Colonel brandon ! brandon look up . mrs jenning we have not hear you play for we of late ! colonel brandon for the simple reason that you have a far superior musician here . he indicate marianne , who smile absently . mrs jenning perhaps you do not know , miss Marianne , that we dear brandon share you passion for music and play the piano forte very well . marianne look at brandon in some surprise . mrs jenning play we a duet ! brandon look at mrs jenning warningly but she ignore he . mrs jenning I will trow you know quite as many melancholy tune as miss Marianne ! her tone be so know that marianne frown uncomfortably . mrs jenning come ! let we see you both side by side ! marianne rise impatiently . marianne I do not know any duet . forgive I , Colonel . she move away . mrs jenning chuckle . int . barton cottage - parlour - late afternoon the dashwood return . marianne be take she bonnet off so furiously that she simply get the knot tighter and tighter . despite they selve , elinor and mrs dashwood be amused . marianne oh ! be we never to have a moment 's peace ? the rent here may be low but I think we have it on very hard term . elinor Mrs jenning be a wealthy woman with a marry daughter -- she have nothing to do but marry off everyone else 's . betsy poke she head out from the dining room . betsy there 's a parcel arrive for you , miss dashwood ! margaret a parcel ! they all crowd into the dining room to find a large package on the table , which margaret be permit to open . in the meantime elinor come to the rescue with the bonnet and marianne stand shifting like a spirite mare as elinor patiently unravel the knot . marianne it be too ridiculous ! when be a man to be safe from such wit if age and infirmity do not protect he ? elinor infirmity ! mrs dashwood if Colonel brandon be infirm , then I be at death 's door . elinor it be a miracle you life have extend this far ... marianne do you not hear he complain of a rheumatism in he shoulder ? elinor a slight ache ' I believe be he phrase ... marianne smile and elinor laugh at she . then margaret open the parcel to reveal -- she atla . the atmosphere alter immediately as mrs dashwood and marianne look at elinor in consternation . margaret but Edward say he would bring it himself . there be a letter on top of the atla . close on the address ' to the dashwood ' . mrs dashwood pick it up , look at elinor , and open mrs dashwood ' dear Mrs dashwood , miss dashwood , miss Marianne and Captain Margaret - - it give I great pleasure to restore this atla to its rightful owner . alas , business in London do not permit I to accompany it , although this be likely to hurt I far more than it hurt you . for the present my memory of you kindness must be enough to sustain I , and I remain you devote servant always . E. c. ferrar . ' a silence greet this brief epistle . elinor struggle to contain she bitter disappointment . margaret but why have not he come ? mrs dashwood he say he be busy , dear . margaret he say he would come . margaret be genuinely upset . elinor quietly hang up marianne 's bonnet . margaret why have not he come ? mrs dashwood look beseechingly at marianne , who nod and grasp margaret 's hand . marianne I be take you for a walk . margaret no ! I have be a walk . marianne you need another . margaret it be go to rain . marianne shove she bonnet back on and drag margaret out . marianne it be not go to rain . margaret you always say that and then it always do . we hear the front door slam behind they . there be a short silence . mrs dashwood I fear Mrs jenning be a bad influence . she approach elinor . mrs dashwood you must miss he , elinor . elinor look very directly at she mother . elinor we be not engage , mamma . mrs dashwood but he love you , dearest , of that I be certain . elinor look down . she speak slowly , choose she word with care . elinor I be by no mean assure of he regard for I . mrs dashwood oh , elinor ! elinor but even be he to feel such a ... preference , I think we should be foolish to assume that there would not be many obstacle to he choose a woman of no rank who cannot afford to buy sugar ... mrs dashwood but elinor -- you heart must tell you -- elinor in such a situation , mamma , it be perhaps better to use one 's head . she clear she throat , rise determinedly , pick up the account book and open it . mrs dashwood be silence . ext . field near barton cottage - day marianne walk very briskly , drag a unwilling margaret behind she . ext . downs near barton cottage - day it have start to rain . mist be gather around the two figure walk against the wind . marianne be there any felicity in the world superior to this ? margaret I tell you it would rain . marianne look ! there be some blue sky ! let we chase it ! margaret I be not suppose to run . marianne run off down the hill into the heart of the mist . margaret stumble after she , grumble . we follow marianne in she headlong descent and suddenly , dramatically , she trip and sprawl to the ground , let out a sharp cry of pain . margaret Marianne ! marianne help I ! she try to get up , but the pain in she ankle be too great . she sink back to the ground . margaret be very alarmed . marianne Margaret , run home and fetch help . the mist have thicken . they can no longer see where they be . despite she rise fear , margaret square she shoulder bravely and try to sense the direction . margaret I think it be this way . I will run as fast as I can , Marianne . she dash off . as she go into the mist we hear the thunder of hoof . cu Margaret 's terrify expression . they seem to be come from all around . she wheel and turn and then -- crash ! through the mist break a huge white horse . astride sit a adonis in hunt gear . margaret squeal . the horse rear . its rider control it and slide off . he rush to marianne 's side . the stranger be you hurt ? marianne ( transfix ) only my ankle . the stranger May I have you permission to -- he indicate she leg . decorous , perhaps faintly impish . the stranger -- ascertain if there be any break ? marianne nod speechlessly . with great delicacy , he feel she ankle . margaret 's eye be out on chapel-hook . marianne almost swoon with embarrassment and excitement mix . the stranger it be not break . now , can you put you arm about my neck ? marianne do not need any encouragement . he lift she effortlessly and call to he horse : ' bedivere ! ' it trot obediently forward . the stranger smile down at marianne . the stranger allow I to escort you home . int . barton cottage - dine room - day rain be thudding against the window from which mrs dashwood turn , look very worried . mrs dashwood Marianne be sure it would not rain . elinor which invariably mean it will . but we can see she be try to conceal she anxiety from she mother . there be noise in the hall . mrs dashwood at last ! margaret run into the room drip wet . margaret she fall over ! she fall down -- and he 's carry she ! int . barton cottage - front door - day mrs dashwood and elinor rush to the front door . they see the stranger carry marianne up the garden path , he scarlet coat stain the monochrome rain . mrs dashwood Marianne ! the stranger reach the door . this be no time for introduction . elinor in here , sir -- this way . Margaret , open the door wider . please , sir , lay she here . Marianne , be you in pain ? they move into the parlour . int . barton cottage - parlour - day marianne be carry in , surround by elinor , mrs dashwood and margaret . the stranger it be a twisted ankle . marianne do not be alarmed , mamma . the stranger deposit marianne on the sofa . they look straight into each other 's eye . electric . the stranger I can assure you it be not serious . I take the liberty of feel the bone and it be perfectly sound . elinor raise she eyebrow at marianne , who blushes to she root . mrs dashwood Sir , I can not even begin to thank you . the stranger please do not think of it . I be honoure of be of service . mrs dashwood will you not be seat ? the stranger pray excuse I -- I have no desire to leave a water mark ! but permit I to call tomorrow afternoon and inquire after the patient ? mrs dashwood we shall look forward to it ! he turn to marianne and smile . she smile back gloriously . he bow , and sweep out of the room . marianne ( hiss ) his name ! his name ! mrs dashwood silence she with a gesture and follow he out with all the solicitous charm she can command while margaret poke she head around the door to watch . elinor be remove marianne 's boot and try not to laugh at she . ext . barton cottage - front door - day mrs dashwood call out after he . mrs dashwood please tell we to whom we be so much oblige ? the stranger mount bedivere and turn to she . the stranger John willoughby of allenham - - you servant , mar 'am ! and he gallop off into the mist -- we almost expect bedivere to sprout wing . close on mrs dashwood 's excited expression . int . barton cottage - parlour - day mrs dashwood run back into the parlour , jittering with excitement and anxiety . marianne Mr John willoughby of allenham ! mrs dashwood what a impressive gentleman ! marianne he lift I as if I weigh no more than a dry leaf ! elinor be he human ? marianne hit elinor . mrs dashwood tend to she ankle . mrs dashwood tell I if I hurt you . elinor ( regard Marianne 's ecstatic expression ) she feel no pain , mamma . Margaret , ask betsy to make up a cold compress , please . margaret ( leave reluctantly ) do you see he ? he express himself well , do he not ? mrs dashwood with great decorum and honour . marianne and spirit and wit and feel . elinor and economy -- ten word at most . from below stair we can hear margaret wail wait for I ! marianne and he be to come tomorrow ! elinor you must change , Marianne - - you will catch a cold . marianne what care I for cold when there be such a man ? elinor you will care very much when you nose swell up . marianne you be right . help I , elinor . margaret come back with the bandage . margaret what have happen ? elinor we have decide to give you to the gypsy . elinor and marianne go upstairs . margaret whisper to mrs dashwood . margaret will they be marry before Edward and elinor , do you think , mamma ? mrs dashwood Margaret , you be worse than Mrs jenning . ext . barton cottage - morning the rain have clear . sir JOHN 's horse munch grass contentedly by the side of the road . sir JOHN ( v.o. ) Mr willoughby be well worth catch , miss dashwood -- miss Marianne must not expect to have all the man to herself ! int . barton cottage - parlour - morning the dashwood be have a frustrating time winkling information about willoughby out of sir JOHN , who be in turn only anxious to protect brandon 's interest . marianne have she bandage foot up on the sofa and be fast lose patience . marianne but what do you know of Mr willoughby , Sir John ? sir JOHN decent shot -- and there be not a bolder rider in all England . marianne but what be he like ? sir JOHN like ? marianne what be he taste ? his passion ? his pursuit ? sir JOHN ( mystify ) well , he have the nicest little bitch of a pointer -- be she out with he yesterday ? marianne give up . mrs dashwood take over . mrs dashwood where be allenham , Sir John ? sir JOHN Nice little estate three mile east . he be to inherit it from a elderly relative -- Lady Allen be she name . now they be get somewhere . marianne be about to ask another question when they hear a horse gallop up . everyone be electrify . margaret run to the window and turn back in disappointment . margaret it be Colonel brandon . I shall go outside and keep watch . margaret run out of the room . sir JOHN you be all on the lookout for willoughby , eh ? dear I , poor brandon . you will none of you think of he now . brandon be admit by betsy . he be carry a large bunch of hothouse flower . colonel brandon how be the invalid ? he hand marianne the flower with a smile . marianne thank you so much , Colonel . she rather absently hand the flower to elinor , who go for a vase . sir JOHN gesture at brandon with bluff insensitivity . sir JOHN miss Marianne , I can not see why you should set you cap at Mr willoughby when you have already make such a splendid conquest ! marianne I have no intention of ' set my cap ' at anyone , Sir John ! colonel brandon Mr willoughby -- Lady Allen 's nephew ? brandon 's light tone betray no emotion . elinor come back in with the flower and put they on the table next to marianne . sir JOHN aye , he visit every year for he be to inherit allenham - - and he have a very pretty estate of he own , miss dashwood , combe magna in somerset . if I be you , I would not give he up to my young sister in spite of all this tumble down hill . suddenly margaret run in scream ' Marianne 's preserver ! ' at the top of she voice . everyone start to move at once . margaret be silence . brandon look at marianne , whose incandescent expression make she feeling all too clear . sir JOHN here be the man himself . come , brandon - - we know when we be not want . let we leave he to the lady ! elinor Marianne ! Sir John and the Colonel be leave . marianne look up , suddenly self - conscious . marianne Goodbye , Colonel . thank you for the flower . elinor see they out . we hear willoughby 's voice outside . close on marianne 's radiant anticipation . ext . barton cottage - front door - day willoughby be shaking hand with colonel brandon and sir JOHN . willoughby how do you do , Colonel ? sir JOHN how do he do ? how do you do , more like . go on in , they be wait for you ! brandon look at willoughby for a moment . he bow . willoughby bow . then brandon and sir JOHN exit . int . barton cottage - parlour - day elinor lead in willoughby . mrs dashwood greet he with outstretch arm . mrs dashwood Mr willoughby ! what a pleasure to see you again ! willoughby the pleasure be all mine , I can asstire you . I trust miss Marianne have not catch cold ? marianne you have find out my name ! willoughby of course . the neighbourhood be crawl with my spy . he suddenly produce a bunch of wild flower from behind he back and offer they to marianne with a courtly , humorous bow . willoughby and since you can not venture out to nature , nature must be bring to you ! marianne how beautiful . this be not from the hothouse . willoughby see brandon 's flower . willoughby ah ! I see mine be not the first offer , nor the most elegant . I be afraid I obtain this from a obliging field . marianne but I have always prefer wild flower ! willoughby I suspect as much . elinor take the delicate flower from willoughby . elinor I will put this in water . mrs dashwood we gratitude , Mr willoughby , be beyond expression -- willoughby but it be I who be grateful . I have often pass this cottage and grieve for its lonely state - - and then the first news I have from Lady Allen when I arrive be that it be take . I feel a peculiar interest in the event which nothing can account for but my present delight in meeting you . he be merry , spirite , voluble - - a breath of fresh air . elinor bring back willoughby 's flower and place they next to brandon 's on the side table . mrs dashwood pray sit down , Mr willoughby . she indicate a chair but willoughby see a book lie on marianne 's footstool , pick it up and -- to she great delight -- sit down on the stool at she foot . willoughby who be read Shakespeare 's sonnet ? everyone answer at once . marianne / elinor /mr dashwood I be . / we all be . / Marianne . mrs dashwood Marianne have be read they out to we . willoughby which be you favourite ? it be a general question but marianne gaily commandeer it . marianne without a doubt , mine be 116 . willoughby let I not to the marriage of true mind admit impediment . Love be not love which alter when it alteration find , or bend with the remover to remove -- then how do it go ? marianne ' 0 , no ! it be a ever-fixe mark . ' willoughby join in the line halfway through and continue . elinor and mrs dashwood exchange glance . clearly , they contribution to this conversation will be minimal . willoughby ' that look on storm ' - - or be it tempest ? let I find it . willoughby get out a tiny leatherbound book . willoughby it be strange you should be read they -- for , look , I carry this with I always . it be a miniature copy of the sonnet . marianne be delighted , and , mutually astonished at this piece of synchronicity , they proceed to look up other favourite , chat as though they be already intimate . mrs dashwood smile at elinor with satisfaction . elinor , amused , pick up she sewing . margaret stare . willoughby and marianne be oblivious to everything but each other . ext . barton cottage - garden path - day willoughby be leave . he have a flower from marianne 's bunch in he buttonhole and be on he horse , look about as virile as he horse . everyone have come out to say goodbye , marianne support by elinor and mrs dashwood . willoughby till tomorrow ! and my pocket sonnet be yours , miss Marianne ! a talisman against further injury ! marianne Goodbye ! thank you ! he gallop off . they all wave . margaret follow he down the road for a while . elinor good work , Marianne ! you have cover all form of poetry ; another meeting will ascertain he view on nature and romantic attachment and then you will have nothing leave to talk about and the acquaintanceship will be over . marianne I suppose I have erred against decorum . I should have be dull and spiritless and talk only of the weather , or the state of the road . elinor no , but Mr willoughby can be in no doubt of you enthusiasm for he . marianne why should he doubt it ? why should I hide my regard ? elinor no particular reason , Marianne , only that we know so little of he -- marianne but time alone do not determine intimacy . Seven year would be insufficient to make some people acquainted with each other and seven day be more than enough for other . elinor or seven hour in this case . marianne I feel I know Mr willoughby well already . if I have weaker , more shallow feeling perhaps I could conceal they , as you do -- then she realise what she 's say . mrs dashwood Marianne , that be not fair -- marianne I be sorry , elinor , I do not mean elinor I know . do not trouble yourself , Marianne . elinor turn back into the house . marianne I do not understand she , mamma . why do she never mention Edward ? I have never even see she cry about he , or about norland . mrs dashwood nor i. but elinor be not like you or I , dear . she do not like to be sway by she emotion . int . barton cottage - elinor and marianne's bedroom - day close on Edward 's handkerchief . we can see the monogram ecf clearly . close on elinor stare out of the window . tear stand in she eye but she press the handkerchief to they before they fall . int . barton park - drawing room - eve after dinner . tea have be serve . elinor , colonel brandon , mrs dashwood and mrs jenning play at card . in a far corner of the room , marianne be concentrate as she draw a silhouette . willoughby 's profile glow behind the screen in front of she , she look up and stop , gaze , bewitch , at he beauty . the lip move - - a whisper : Marianne . then , louder : have not you finish ? he move out from behind the screen , eye full of laughter . they look at each other . int . barton cottage - parlour - day elinor and mrs dashwood be at the account . willoughby and marianne be on the other side of the room in the window seat , whisper together . clearly , he be already part of the family . mrs dashwood surely you be not go to deny we beef as well as sugar ? elinor there be nothing under tenpence a pound . we have to economise . mrs dashwood do you want we to starve ? elinor no . just not to eat beef . mrs dashwood be silence but sigh crossly . elinor look over to the lover and see willoughby in the act of cut off a lock of marianne 's hair , which he kiss and place in he pocket - book . elinor be transfix by this strangely erotic moment . willoughby sense she gaze and look over . she snap she head back to she sum and be astonished to find that she have write ' Edward ' at the top of the sheet . hastily she rub it out and write ' expense ' . ext . barton church . day . mrs jenning be talk to the elderly curate . other parishioner exit the church as willoughby 's curricle ( the eighteenth - century equivalent of a sport car ) go fly by . marianne sit by he side , the picture of happiness . mrs jenning nudge the curate and whisper . the parishioner stare after they and comment to each other . ext . barton cottage - garden path - day marianne and elinor be come down the path together . marianne be dress to go out . the argument have evidently start indoors and be be continue here . marianne if there be any true impropriety in my behaviour , I should be sensible of it , elinor - - elinor but as it have already expose you to some very impertinent remark , do you not begin to doubt you own discretion ? marianne if the impertinent remark of such as Mrs jenning be proof of impropriety , then we be all offend every moment of we life -- the conversation be halt by the arrival of colonel brandon on horseback . colonel brandon ( dismount ) miss dashwood ! miss Marianne ! elinor good morning , Colonel ! colonel brandon I come to issue a invitation . a picnic on my estate at delaford -- if you would care to join we on Thursday next . Mrs jenning 's daughter and she husband be travel up especially . elinor thank you , Colonel , we shall be delighted . at that moment , willoughby 's curricle hove into view and marianne 's face light up . colonel brandon ( to Marianne ) I will of course be include Mr willoughby in the party . even marianne be a little embarrassed and recollect she manners . she smile kindly at brandon . marianne I should be delighted to join you , Colonel ! the colonel help she into the curricle , exchange nod with willoughby , who be regard he with some suspicion . willoughby good morning , miss dashwood ; good morning , Colonel . marianne the Colonel have invite we to delaford , willoughby ! willoughby excellent . I understand you have a particularly fine pianoforte , Colonel . the undercurrent of this conversation be decidedly tense . colonel brandon a broadwood Grand . marianne a broadwood Grand ! then I shall really be able to play for you ! willoughby we shall look forward to it ! marianne smile she perfect happiness at he and he whip up the horse . they drive off , wave they farewell . brandon look after they for a silent moment , and then collect himself and turn to elinor , who be less than satisfied with they behaviour . colonel brandon you sister seem very happy . elinor yes . Marianne do not approve of hide she emotion . in fact , she romantic prejudice have the unfortunate tendency to set propriety at naught . colonel brandon she be wholly unspoilt . elinor Rather too unspoilt , in my view . the sooner she become acquainted with the way of the world , the better . colonel brandon look at she sharply and then speak very deliberately , as though control some powerful emotion . colonel brandon I know a lady like you sister -- the same impulsive sweetness of temper -- who be force into , as you put it , a better acquaintance with the world . the result be only ruination and despair . he stop , and briskly remount he horse . colonel brandon do not desire it , miss dashwood . ext . barton park - drive - day people and carriage fill the drive , the sun shine and the atmosphere be pleasantly expectant . sir JOHN be organise the provision of blanket and parasol and colonel brandon be busy furnish the driver with they route . there be three new face a pretty , blowsy woman ( charlotte palmer ) , a stony - face man ( mr palmer ) and a exceedingly good - look girl ( lucy steele ) , who be stand with elinor , marianne , margaret , mrs jenning and mrs dashwood . marianne be stand slightly apart , look out along the road , impatient for willoughby . mrs jenning imagine my surprise , Mrs dashwood , when Charlotte and she lord and master appear with we cousin Lucy ! the last person I expect to see ! ' where do you pop out from , miss ? ' say I . I be never so surprised to see anyone in all my life ! lucy steele smile shyly and look at the ground . mrs jenning continue sotto voce to mrs dashwood . mrs jenning she probably come on purpose to share the fun , for there be no fund for such luxury at home , poor thing . lucy I have not see you for so long , dear Mrs jenning , I could not resist the opportunity . charlotte oh , you sly thing ! it be the miss dashwood she want to see , not delaford , mamma ! I have hear nothing but ' miss dashwood this , miss dashwood that ' for I do not know how long ! and what do you think of they now you do see they , Lucy ? my mother have talk of nothing else in she letter since you come to Barton , Mrs dashwood . Mr palmer -- be they not the very creature she describe ? mr palmer regards he wife with a less than enchant expression . mr palmer nothing like . charlotte ( laugh gaily ) why , Mr palmer ! do you know you be quite rude today ? he be to be a mp , you know , Mrs dashwood , and it be very fatigue for he for he be force to make everybody like he -- he say it be quite shocking -- mrs palmer I never say anything so irrational . do not palm all you abuse of the language upon I . mrs jenning ( to Mrs dashwood ) Mr palmer be so droll - - he be always out of humour . mr palmer do indeed have the air of a man under siege . willough by suddenly appear in he curricle . marianne wave to he with a radiant smile . mrs jenning nudge charlotte and point to marianne . mrs jenning here he be ! now you shall see , Charlotte . willoughby drive up as close to marianne as possible , make she laugh . mrs jenning how now , Mr willoughby ! you must greet my daughter Charlotte , and Mr palmer - - willoughby how do you do ? mrs jenning and my little cousin , miss Lucy steele . willoughby welcome to we party , miss steele ! lucy bob demurely . willoughby incline he head politely , leap from the curricle and hand marianne in . mrs jenning coo and chuckle at they . charlotte nudge elinor . charlotte I know Mr willoughby extremely well -- not that I ever speak to he but I have see he forever in town . you sister be monstrous lucky to get he . mamma say Colonel brandon be in love with she as well , which be a very great compliment for he hardly ever fall in love with anyone . elinor smile politely . willoughby move the curricle out to the front of the drive . charlotte point after they and laugh with mrs jenning . lucy edge up beside elinor . lucy May I beg a seat beside you , miss dashwood ? I have so long to make you better acquaintance ! I have hear nothing but the high praise for you . elinor be relieved to change the subject . elinor I would be delighted . but Sir John and Mrs jenning be too excessive in they compliment . I be sure to disappoint . lucy no , for it be from quite another source that I hear you praise and one not at all inclined to exaggeration . lucy speak in a know , confidential undertone , as though not want anyone else to hear . at that moment a horseman thunder up the drive towards they . everyone turn to face the new arrival . sir JOHN what can this be ? it be a messenger who have obviously have a long , hard ride . he ask for colonel brandon and hand he a letter , which brandon tear open . mrs jenning be puce with suppress curiosity . colonel brandon my horse ! quickly ! sir JOHN what be the matter , brandon ? colonel brandon I must away to London . sir JOHN no! impossible ! everyone gather round brandon , who be , naturally , mortify . a servant bring up the colonel 's horse . colonel brandon imperative . there be a murmur of disappointment from the party . sir JOHN be embarrassed and protest again . sir JOHN but brandon , we be all assemble . we cannot picnic at delaford without we host ! go up to town tomorrow . willoughby or wait till we return and start then -- you would not be six hour later . colonel brandon I cannot afford to lose one minute . as he speak , he be mount he horse . his grave urgency silence all protest and he gallop off , leave everyone stunne and , of course , deeply curious . then they all start to talk at once . lucy be still next to elinor . lucy oh , miss dashwood , I can not bear it ! just when I be to have the opportunity of speak with you . ext . meadow near barton cottage - day have be deny they trip , the dashwood and willoughby have set out a impromptu picnic . willoughby be wander restlessly about . the weather be sublime . willoughby frailty , thy name be brandon ! marianne there be some people who cannot bear a party of pleasure . I think he write the letter himself as a trick for get out of it . mrs dashwood ( indulgently ) you be a very wick pair , Colonel brandon will be sadly miss . willoughby why ? when he be the kind of man that everyone speak well of and no one want to talk to . marianne exactly ! elinor nonsense . mrs dashwood Colonel brandon be very highly esteem at the Park . willoughby which be enough censure in itself . elinor ( half laugh ) really , willoughby ! willoughby ( imitate Mrs jenning perfectly ) come , come , Mr impudence -- I know you and you wick way -- oh ! he give a little shriek and waddle about the garden do she walk . he come up to elinor and put he head on she shoulder . willoughby come , miss dashwood , reveal you beau , reveal he , I say ! let 's have no secret between friend ! let I winkle they out of you ! elinor hit he on the nose with she teaspoon and he waddle off to marianne . willoughby ( as Mrs jenning ) I declare , miss Marianne , if I do not have you marry to the Colonel by teatime , I shall swallow my own bonnet . marianne laugh . willoughby drop the parody suddenly . willoughby as if you could marry such a character . elinor why should you dislike he ? there be indeed a edge to willoughby 's raillery . he flick elinor a almost alarmed glance and then sweep marianne to she foot and start to dance around the garden with she . willoughby because he have threaten I with rain when I want it fine , he have find fault with the balance of my curricle and I can not persuade he to buy my brown mare . if it will be of any satisfaction to you , however , to be tell I believe he character to be in all other respects irreproachable , I be ready to confess it . and in return for a acknowledgement that must give I some pain . ( he be slow down ) you can not deny I the privilege ... ( slower still ) of dislike he ... ( and stop ) as much as I adore ... he and marianne be stand look at each other . the expression on willoughby 's face be heart-stopping . margaret have stop eat and be stare with she mouth open . elinor glance at mrs dashwood but she be gaze up at they with almost as many star in she eye as marianne . suddenly willoughby break the mood by swinging away from marianne and gesture to the house . willoughby -- this cottage ! the tension be break . margaret start to chew again . mrs dashwood I have great plan for improvement to it , you know , Mr willoughby . willoughby now that I will never consent to . not a stone must be add to its wall . be I rich enough , I would instantly pull down combe magna and build it up again in the exact image of that cottage ! elinor with dark , narrow stair , a poky hall and a fire that smoke ? willoughby especially the fire that smoke ! then I might be as happy at combe magna as I have be at Barton . he look at marianne , who have go to sit at she mother 's foot . willoughby but this place have one claim on my affection which no other can possibly share . marianne be so irradiate with happiness that she look like a angel . willoughby promise I you will never change it . mrs dashwood I do not have the heart . elinor or the money . ext . barton cottage - garden path and gate - dusk marianne be see willoughby off . willoughby miss Marianne , will you -- will you do I the honour of granting I a interview tomorrow - - alone ? marianne willoughby , we be always alone ! willoughby but there be something very particular I should like to ask you . there be something about he formal tone that make she feel shy . marianne of course . I shall ask mamma if I may stay behind from church . willoughby thank you . until tomorrow then -- miss Marianne . he mount bedivere and leave . marianne look after he , she eye shine . he be come to propose . ext . london tenement - night a district of extreme poverty , populate by the lowlife of london : footpad , dog , rat and scavenger of all kind . in the distance a tavern belch forth drunken revellers who sway and reel into the night . a hood horseman pull up he exhaust steed at the entrance to a slum . he dismount and look up at one of the window . the rag hang there twitch as if someone be watch for he . he stride inside . int . tenement stair - night stepping over a supine beggar at the foot of the stair , the horseman fling back he hood -- it be brandon , hollow - eye and drop with weariness . we follow he up the stair to a door which be open by a older woman . int . tenement room - night he enter a bare room partition with filthy rag hang from the ceiling and light with stinking tallow lamp . at the window stand the slight figure of a very young woman . she turn . brandon react with a tender smile which stiffen into a expression of deep shock . we see she silhouette . she be heavily pregnant . she burst into tear and run into he arm . int . barton church - day amongst the small congregation listen to the sermon drine on , we see the excited face of elinor , margaret and mrs dashwood . margaret do you think he will kneel down when he ask she ? elinor shhh ! margaret ( with satisfaction ) they always kneel down . ext . barton cottage - garden path - day the dashwood return from church to find thomas groom bedivere at the garden gate . they excitement mount . int . barton cottage - front door - day they all enter the cottage , talk nonsense loudly in order to signal they presence . margaret giggle . suddenly , marianne burst out of the parlour sobbing , and disappear into the room opposite . elinor and margaret stand by the door in utter consternation , while mrs dash - wood go to marianne . mrs dashwood what be wrong , my dearest ? marianne shake she head and wave they away . int . barton cottage - parlour - day elinor , margaret and mrs dashwood enter to find willoughby stand in a freeze attitude by the fireplace . mrs dashwood willoughby ! what be the matter ? willoughby I -- forgive I , Mrs dashwood . I be send -- that be to say , Lady Allen have exercise the privilege of rich upon a dependent cousin and be send I to London . he can not look any of they in the eye . mrs dashwood when -- this morning ? willoughby almost this moment . mrs dashwood how very disappoint ! but you business will not detain you from we for long , I hope ? willoughby you be very kind -- but I have no idea of return immediately to devonshire . I be seldom invite to allenham more than once a year . mrs dashwood for shame , willoughby ! can you wait for a invitation from Barton Cottage ? willoughby my engagement at present be of such a nature -- that be -- I dare not flatter myself -- the atmosphere be thick with tension . willoughby flick a glance at the three women stare at he in mute astonishment . willoughby it be folly to linger in this manner . I will not torment myself further . he rush past they and out of the cottage . they follow he to the door . ext . barton cottage - front door - day the dashwood cluster round the door . margaret willoughby , come back ! she be silence by elinor as willoughby seize bedivere 's rein from thomas , mount up and ride off at a furious pace . int . barton cottage - parlour - day they all rush back into the parlour . elinor meg , dearest , please ask betsy to make a cup of hot tea for Marianne . margaret nod dumbly and go . mrs dashwood have she arm around marianne . mrs dashwood what be wrong , my love ? marianne nothing ! please do not ask I question ! marianne struggle free . marianne please let I be ! she run off upstairs and we hear she bedroom door slamm . there be a moment of stunne silence . elinor they must have quarrele . mrs dashwood that be unlikely . perhaps this -- Lady allen--disapproves of he regard for Marianne and have invent a excuse to send he away ? elinor then why do he not say as much ? it be not like willoughby to be secretive . do he think Marianne be richer than she be ? mrs dashwood how could he ? she gesture to the room and then look at elinor with a frown . mrs dashwood what be it you suspect he of ? elinor I can hardly tell you . but why be he manner so guilty ? mrs dashwood what be you say , elinor ? that he have be act a part to you sister for all this time ? mrs dashwood be get defensive . elinor pause to think . elinor no , he love she , I be sure . mrs dashwood of course he love she ! elinor but have he leave she with any assurance of he return ? can not you ask she if he have propose ? mrs dashwood certainly not . I can not force a confidence from Marianne and nor must you . we must trust she to confide in we in she own time . elinor ( shaking she head ) there be something so underhand in the manner of he leave . mrs dashwood you be resolve , then , to think the worst of he . elinor not resolve -- mrs dashwood ( cold ) I prefer to give he the benefit of my good opinion . he deserve no less . from all of we . she stalk out of the room and start up the stair . elinor follow she . elinor mamma , I be very fond of willoughby -- mrs dashwood go into she bedroom and shut the door . elinor be halfway up the stair . she meet a wet -ey margaret come down with a cup of tea . margaret she would not let I in . elinor take the cup and margaret run out into the garden in tear . the sound of sobbing also come from marianne 's room , and now from mrs dashwood 's as well . elinor sit down helplessly on the stair and drink the tea . ext . barton cottage - rain - day the rain have settle in . the cottage look cold and bleak . int . barton cottage - upstair corridor - day betsy carry another uneaten meal from marianne 's room . she look at the food and tut in anxiety . int . barton cottage - elinor and marianne's bedroom - day marianne be sit by the window look out at the rain through tear - swollen eye . willoughby 's sonnet be on she lap . marianne how like a winter hath my absence be from thee , the pleasure of the fleeting year ! what freezing have I feel , what dark day see ! what old December 's bareness everywhere ! ext . barton park - rain - eve smoke issue from every chimney in the place . int . barton park - drawing room - eve dinner be over . marianne sit listlessly by the window . mr palmer be hide behind a newspaper . sir JOHN and margaret be look at a map and discuss route through China . lucy , charlotte , mrs dashwood and mrs jenning be at card . elinor be read . charlotte oh ! if only this rain would stop ! mr palmer ( from behind the paper ) if only you would stop . mrs jenning and charlotte laugh at he . mrs jenning ' twas you take she off my hand , Mr palmer , and a very good bargain you make of it too , but now I have the whip hand over you for you can not give she back ! the heavy silence behind the paper attest to the unhappy truth of this statement . mrs jenning miss Marianne , come and play a round with we ! look out at the weather will not bring he back . charlotte ( sotto voce ) she eat nothing at dinner . mrs jenning mind , we be all a little forlorn this day . London have swallow all we company . charlotte and mrs jenning start to gossip about the disappearance of brandon and willoughby . lucy walk over and sit by elinor , who politely put aside the book . lucy ( low ) dear miss dashwood , perhaps now we might have we --discussion . elinor we discussion ? lucy look around at mrs jenning and lower she voice still further , so that elinor be oblige to move she chair nearer . lucy there be a particular question I have long want to ask you , but perhaps you will think I impertinent ? elinor I cannot imagine so . lucy but it be a odd question . forgive I , I have no wish to trouble you -- she look away coyly as if decide whether to speak . elinor my dear miss steele -- charlotte ( interrupt ) miss dashwood , if only Mr willoughby have go home to combe magna , we could have take miss Marianne to see he ! for we live but half a mile away . mr palmer five and a half . charlotte no , I can not believe it be that far , for you can see the place from the top of we hill . be it really five and a half mile ? no ! I can not believe it . mr palmer try. elinor you have my permission to ask any manner of question , if that be of any help . lucy thank you . I wonder , be you at all acquainted with you sister - in- law 's mother ? Mrs ferrar ? elinor sit back in deep surprise . elinor with fanny 's mother ? no , I have never meet she . lucy I be sure you think I strange for inquire -- if I dare tell -- mrs jenning ( shouting over ) if she tell you aught of the famous ' Mr F ' , Lucy , you be to pass it on . elinor try to ignore mrs jenning , who be keep a curious eye on they . lucy will you take a turn with I , miss dashwood ? lucy rise and take elinor 's arm . she guide she as far away as possible from mrs jenning and charlotte . elinor I have no idea at all that you be connect with that family . lucy oh ! I be certainly nothing to Mrs ferrar at present -- but the time may come when we may be very intimately connect . elinor ( low ) what do you mean ? do you have a understanding with fanny 's brother Robert ? lucy the youngest ? no , I never see he in my life . no , with Edward . elinor Edward ? elinor stop walk . elinor Edward ferrar ? lucy nod . lucy Edward and I have be secretly engage this five year . elinor be freeze to the spot . lucy you may well be surprised . I should never have mention it , have I not know I could entirely trust you to keep we secret . Edward can not mind I tell you for he look on you quite as he own sister . elinor walk on mechanically . disbelief have set in . elinor I be sorry , but we surely -- we cannot mean the same Mr ferrar ? lucy the very same -- he be four year under the tutelage of my uncle Mr Pratt , down in plymouth . have he never speak of it ? elinor ( awareness dawn ) Mr Pratt ! yes , I believe he have . lucy I be very unwilling to enter into it without he mother 's approval but we love each other with too great a passion for prudence . though you do nor know he so well as I , miss dashwood , you must have see how capable he be of make a woman sincerely attach to he . I can not pretend it have not be very hard on we both . we can hardly meet above twice a year . she sniff and produce a large handkerchief which she hold to she eye so that the monogram be clearly visible . ecf . elinor , see the copy of the handkerchief she have hold so dear , move quickly to a chair and sit down . lucy you seem out of sort , miss dashwood - - be you quite well ? elinor perfectly well , thank you . lucy I have not offended you ? elinor on the contrary . mrs jenning have be watch . now she rise , unable to contain herself . mrs jenning I can stand it no longer , I must know what you be say , Lucy ! miss dashwood be quite engross ! mrs jenning start to bear down on they . lucy whisper with real urgency . lucy oh , miss dashwood , if anyone find out , it will ruin he -- you must not tell a soul ! Edward say you would not break you word to save you life ! promise I ! ecu on elinor 's face . elinor I give you my word . mrs jenning loom over they . mrs jenning well , what can have fascinate you to such a extent , miss dashwood ? charlotte tell we all ! elinor can not speak but lucy glide smoothly in . lucy we be talk of London , mar 'am , and all its -- diversion . mrs jenning do you hear , Charlotte ? mrs jenning clap she hand delightedly . mrs jenning while you be so busy whisper , Charlotte and I have concoct a plan ! charlotte it be the best plan in the world . mrs jenning I make for London shortly and I invite you , Lucy , and both the miss dashwood to join I ! elinor can not hide she dismay . marianne spring from she seat . marianne London ! margaret oh , can I go ! can I go ? mrs dashwood you know perfectly well you be too young , dearest . mrs jenning I shall convey you all to my house in Berkeley Street and we shall taste all the delight of the season -- what say you ? margaret oh , please can I go ? I be twelve soon . charlotte Mr palmer , do you not long to have the miss dashwood come to London ? mr palmer I come into devonshire with no other view . elinor exert herself . elinor Mrs jenning , you be very kind , but we cannot possibly leave we mother ... lucy 's calculate eye turn to mrs dashwood with alacrity . lucy indeed , the loss would be too great . a chorus of objection go up , particularly from mrs dashwood , who be both delighted and relieved to see marianne with a smile on she face . mrs jenning you mother can spare you very well . mrs dashwood of course I can ! charlotte of course she can ! sir JOHN and look at miss Marianne -- it would break she heart to deny she ! mrs jenning I will brook no refusal , miss dashwood ! marianne clap she hand , she eye ablaze with joy . mrs jenning take elinor 's hand . mrs jenning let you and I strike hand upon the bargain -- and if I do not have the three of you marry by Christmas , it will not be my fault ! int . barton cottage - elinor / marianne's bedroom - night we be in elinor and marianne 's bedroom . elinor be in bed . she be lie on she side with she back to marianne . we be close on she face . marianne be run around excitedly , pull out ribbon , look at dress , etc . marianne I be never so grateful in all my life as I be to Mrs jenning . what a kind woman she be ! I like she more than I can say . oh , elinor ! I shall see willoughby . think how surprised he will be ! and you will see Edward ! elinor can not reply . marianne be you asleep ? elinor with you in the room ? marianne laugh . marianne I do not believe you feel as calm as you look , not even you , elinor . I will never sleep tonight ! oh , what be you and miss steele whisper about so long ? close on elinor 's expression as she struggle with the impossibility of unburdene herself to she sister without break she promise to lucy . after a pause -- elinor nothing of significance . marianne look at elinor curiously , then return to she pack . ext . barton cottage - garden gate - day mrs dashwood and margaret be wave mrs jenning 's carriage off . marianne wave back with such exuberance that she practically fall out . int . mrs jennings's carriage - road to london - day mrs jenning be chatter about London to marianne , who listen with new-found tolerance . lucy be whisper into elinor 's ear . lucy I have write to Edward , miss dashwood , and yet I do not know how much I may see of he . secrecy be vital - - he will never be able to call . elinor I should imagine not . lucy it be so hard . I believe my only comfort have be the constancy of he affection . elinor you be fortunate , over such a lengthy engagement , never to have have any doubt on that score . lucy look at elinor sharply , but elinor be impassive . lucy oh ! I be of rather a jealous nature and if he have talk more of one young lady than any other ... but he have never give a moment 's alarm on that count . we can see from elinor 's expression that she understand lucy perfectly . the strain around she eye be pronounce . lucy imagine how glad he will be to learn that we be friend ! ext . london STREET - day mrs jenning 's carriage trundle along . ext . mrs jennings's house - london - day establish shot of a handsome town house . mrs jenning 's carriage come into shot and stop in front of it . int . mrs jennings's house - hall - day they enter the grand hallway under the supercilious gaze of a powder footman ( mr pigeon ) . elinor be haggard after two day of close proximity with lucy . mrs jenning be all officious bustle and marianne be feverish with anticipation . she whisper to mrs jenning , who laugh heartily . mrs jenning to be sure , my dear , you must just hand it to pigeon there . he will take care of it . marianne hand a letter to the sphinx - like footman . we can see a large W in the address . elinor look at marianne inquiringly but marianne move away from she . mrs jenning Lord above , you do not waste any time , miss Marianne ! marianne glance self - consciously at elinor and follow mrs jenning upstairs . lucy go up to elinor and whisper . lucy a letter ! so they be definitely engage ! Mrs jenning say you sister will buy she wedding clothes here in town . elinor indeed miss steele , I know of no such plan . but elinor do not know what else to say . she march firmly upstairs . int . mrs jennings's house - drawing room - day marianne and elinor have change from they travel clothes and be have a cup of tea . at least , elinor be . marianne be pace up and down in front of the window . elinor John and fanny be in town . I think we shall be force to see they . there be a faint knock from somewhere . marianne jump . elinor I think it be for next door . marianne look out of the window . marianne yes , you be right . she sit down with a rueful smile . suddenly a much louder rap be hear and they both jump . we hear a bustling downstairs . marianne can hardly breathe . she go to the draw - room door , open it , go out , come back in . we hear a man 's voice . marianne oh , elinor ! it be willoughby , indeed it be ! she turn and almost throw herself into the arm of colonel brandon . marianne oh ! Excuse I , Colonel -- she leave the room hastily . elinor be so ashamed of marianne 's rudeness that she do not at first notice brandon 's mood of tense distress . elinor Colonel brandon , what a pleasure to see you ! have you be in London all this while ? colonel brandon I have . how be you dear mother ? elinor very well , thank you . silence . elinor Colonel , be there anything -- but brandon interrupt she . colonel brandon forgive I , miss dashwood , but I have hear report through town ... be it impossible to -- but I could have no chance of succeed -- indeed I hardly know what to do . tell I once and for all , be everything finally resolve between you sister and Mr willoughby ? elinor be tear between discomfiture and compassion . elinor Colonel , though neither one have inform I of they under stand , I have no doubt of they mutual affection . brandon stand very still . colonel brandon thank you , miss dashwood . to you sister I wish all imaginable happiness . to Mr willoughby , that he ... may endeavour to deserve she . his tone be heavy with some bitter meaning . elinor what do you mean ? but he recollect himself . colonel brandon forgive I , I - - forgive I . he bow and leave abruptly . elinor be deeply troubled . ext . greenwich arcade - london - day the palmer , mrs jenning , JOHN , fanny , lucy , elinor and marianne be walk through the arcade . additional wealth have evidently encourage fanny sartorially and she sprout as much fruit and feather as a market stall . lucy be hold elinor 's arm in a pinionlike grip . mrs jenning be gossipe with charlotte . marianne 's good look be heighten by she feverish expectation of see willoughby at every step , and many young man raise they hat to she and turn as she pass . marianne where be dear Edward , John ? we expect to see he daily . fanny stiffen . lucy 's sharp eye dart hither and thither . mrs jenning sense gossip . elinor steel herself . mrs jenning and who be ' dear Edward ' ? charlotte who indeed ? fanny smile glacially . fanny my brother , Mrs jenning -- Edward ferrar . mrs jenning look at elinor in sly triumph . mrs jenning indeed ! be that ferrar with a F ? she and charlotte chuckle to each other . lucy look at elinor . int . mrs jennings's house - hall - eve mrs jenning , lucy , elinor and marianne return from they outing . marianne immediately assail pigeon . marianne be there any message , pigeon ? pigeon no , mar 'am . marianne no message at all ? no card ? pigeon ( affront ) none , mar be . marianne sigh with disappointment and start up the stair . mrs jenning look archly at elinor . mrs jenning I note you do not inquire for you message , miss dashwood ! elinor no , for I do not expect any , Mrs jenning . I have very little acquaintance in town . and she follow marianne firmly upstairs . lucy watch she go , and mrs jenning chuckle and turn to she . mrs jenning she be as sly as you , Lucy ! int . mrs jennings's house - bedroom - night elinor wake up . the flicker of a candle have disturb she . she sit up in bed and see marianne sit at the desk in she nightgown , write another letter . elinor Marianne , be anything wrong ? marianne nothing at all . go back to sleep . int . mrs jennings's house - morning room - night marianne , in she nightclothes and dress gown , pace restlessly , she letter in she hand . a slight knock at the door herald a much - ruffle pigeon , wig askew . marianne hand he the letter . he bow and go , highly disgruntled . int . mrs jennings's house - hall - morning mrs jenning be give pigeon he instruction for the day . marianne come run downstairs . pigeon regards she drily . pigeon no message , mar be . marianne look so deject that mrs jenning take she hand . mrs jenning do not fret , my dear . I be tell that this good weather be keep many sportsman in the country at present , but the frost will drive they back to town very soon , depend upon it . marianne brighten . marianne of course ! I have not think of -- thank you , Mrs jenning ! she run back upstairs . mrs jenning call after she . mrs jenning and miss dashwood may set she heart at rest , for I overhear you sister - in - law say that she be to bring the elusive Mr F to the ball tonight ! ext . grand crescent leading to ballroom entrance - night so many carriage have enter the crescent to deliver the guest that gridlock have occur and people be force to walk to the entrance . we see mrs jenning , marianne , elinor and lucy alight from they carriage and pick they way through the mud , they skirt raise above they ankle . elinor nearly trip and be oblige to grab onto lucy in order not to slip into the dirt . int . grand ballroom - eve the great ballroom be cramme with guest all determine to enjoy themselves despite the considerable inconvenience cause by noise , heat and overcrowd . men be sweat profusely , women dab they brow , rack punch be be swallow by the gallon , flirt be conduct at fever pitch and all conversation be inordinately loud . only the dancers have a modicum of space in which to perform they mincing step . mrs jenning and she brood bump into the palmer . charlotte ( screeching ) this be very merry ! mrs jenning then spot fanny , who be conduct a desultory conversation with a overpowder acquaintance . she drag elinor , marianne and lucy over to she . mrs jenning there you be ! goodness , how hot it be , Mrs dashwood . you be not alone , I trust ? fanny indeed not . John be just go to fetch my brother - - he have be eat ice . lucy clutches at elinor 's sleeve . mrs jenning you brother ! I declare , that be good news indeed . at long last ! and she beam she approval upon elinor . lucy ( whisper ) miss dashwood , I declare I shall faint clean away . fanny have see JOHN thread he way towards they and wave at he . there be someone behind he . lucy preens . JOHN bow to they . JOHN Mrs jenning , may I present my brother - in - law ? he turn to reveal a good- look young man with a vacuous smile . JOHN Mr Robert ferrar ! ROBERT my dear lady -- we meet at last ! there be a general bow and shaking of hand . elinor be relieved . lucy drop a low curtsy . mrs jenning so you must be the young brother ? be Mr Edward not here ? miss dashwood here be count on he ! ROBERT look elinor up and down . he exchange glance with fanny before he speak . ROBERT oh ! he be far too busy for such gathering -- and have no special acquaintance here to make he attendance worthwhile . mrs jenning look at elinor in puzzlement . mrs jenning well , I declare , I do not know what the young man be about this day -- be they all in hide ? elinor look down , agonise with embarrassment . mrs jenning come , Mr Robert , in the absence of you brother , you must dance with we lovely miss dashwood ! ROBERT ( not best pleased ) it would be my honour . he turn to lucy and bow . ROBERT and perhaps miss steele might consider reserve the allemande ? lucy curtsy again . ROBERT escort a most unwilling elinor onto the dance floor . ROBERT you reside in devonshire , I b'lieve , miss dashwood ? elinor we do . ROBERT in a cottage ? elinor yes . ROBERT I be excessively fond of a cottage . if I have any money to spare , I should build one myself . luckily for elinor the set change and she be oblige to turn away from ROBERT . she wheel round to face she new partner . it be willoughby ! they both stop dance and stare at each other aghast . a traffic jam start and they be force to take hand and resume the step . willoughby ( stiff ) how do you do , miss dashwood ? elinor do not know quite how to respond . elinor I be well , thank you , Mr willoughby . she look about for marianne , instinctively want to keep she away from willoughby . willoughby how be you -- family ? elinor ( cold ) we be all extremely well , Mr willoughby - - thank you for you kind inquiry . willoughby be shame into silence . then he see marianne . at the same moment the music pause . marianne look up . in the brief moment of relative quiet , she great cry ring across the room . marianne willoughby ! everyone turn to look as marianne rush towards he with both arm outstretch , she face luminous with joy . as the noise of the room build again and people change they partner , we be aware that many be surreptitiously watch . marianne reach he but willoughby stand with he arm freeze at he side . marianne give a little confuse laugh . marianne good God , willoughby ! will you nor shake hand with I ? willoughby look extremely uncomfortable and glance towards a group of very smart people who be watch he closely . Central to this group be a sophisticated woman who frown at he proprietorially . willoughby shake marianne 's hand briefly . behind she , mrs jenning be give a animated commentary to fanny and JOHN , while lucy whisper in ROBERT 's ear as they go past to join the set . willoughby ( strangle ) how do you do , miss Marianne ? marianne willoughby , what be the matter ? why have you not come to see I ? be you not in London ? have you nor receive my letter ? willoughby be sweat with tension . willoughby yes , I have the pleasure of receive the information which you be so good as to send I . marianne ( piteously ) for heaven 's sake , willoughby , tell I what be wrong ! willoughby thank you -- I be most oblige . if you will excuse I , I must return to my party . he bow , white to the tooth , and walk away to join the sophisticated woman . marianne willoughby ! he be draw away by he party , some of whom look back at marianne with a mixture of curiosity and condescension . marianne almost sink to she knee . elinor support she . elinor Marianne ! come away ! marianne go to he , elinor - - force he to come to I . mrs jenning have come up , full of concern . elinor dearest , do not betray what you feel to everyone present ! this be not the place for explanation -- mrs jenning come along , dear . they almost have to drag marianne away . mrs jenning turn back to the dashwood party . fanny and JOHN have practically implode with embarrassment and be distance themselves as much as possible from the source . lucy and ROBERT be dance nearby . mrs jenning will you come , Lucy ? lucy oh , be we leave so soon ? ROBERT if I might be so bold , Mrs jenning , it would be we pleasure to escort you young charge home . lucy how very kind ! mrs jenning that be very handsome -- she rush off to follow marianne and elinor . we stay for a moment with lucy and ROBERT who have leave the set . ROBERT she actually send he message during the night ? cam rise to show the dashwood exite past the whisper , sneering face of the crowd . int . mrs jennings's house - bedroom - night marianne sit scribbling a letter at the desk . elinor Marianne , please tell I -- marianne do not ask I question ! elinor you have no confidence in I . marianne this reproach from you ! you , who confide in no one . elinor I have nothing to tell . marianne nor I . we have neither of we anything to tell . I because I conceal nothing and you because you communicate nothing . int . mrs jennings's house - breakfast room - day a silent breakfast . marianne be red-ey from cry and limp from lack of sleep . mrs jenning be dress to go out , pull on she glove and bustling as usual . pigeon enter with a letter on a salver . he offer it to marianne . she seize it and run out of the room . mrs jenning chuckle . mrs jenning there now ! Lovers ' quarrel be swift to heal ! that letter will do the trick , mark my word . she go to the door . mrs jenning I must be off . I hope he will not keep she wait much longer , miss dashwood . it hurt to see she look so forlorn . she leave and elinor find herself alone with lucy , who lose no time in share she new-found happiness . lucy what a welcome I have from Edward 's family , miss dashwood -- I be surprised you never tell I what a agreeable woman you sister - in - law be ! and Mr Robert -- all so affable ! elinor it be perhaps fortunate that none of they know of you engagement . Excuse I . elinor rise and leave . int . mrs jennings's house - bedroom - day elinor find marianne sit on the edge of the bed . she do not acknowledge elinor but merely lift the letter and read out , with deadly calm : marianne ' my dear madam -- I be quite at a loss to discover in what point I could be so unfortunate as to offend you . my esteem for you family be very sincere but if I have give rise to a belief of more than I feel or mean to express , I shall reproach myself for not have be more guard . my affection have long be engage elsewhere and it be with great regret that I return you letter and the lock of hair which you so obligingly bestow upon I . I be etc . John willoughby . ' elinor oh , Marianne . marianne give a great howl of pain and fling herself across the bed as though in physical agony . elinor Marianne , oh , Marianne - - it be better to know at once what he intention be . dearest , think of what you would have feel if you engagement have carry on for month and month before he choose to put a end to it . marianne we be not engage . elinor but you write to he ! I think then that he must have leave you with some kind of understanding ? marianne no-- he be not so unworthy as you think he . elinor not so unworthy ! do he tell you that he love you ? marianne yes . no -- never absolutely . it be every day imply , but never declare . sometimes I think it have be , but it never be . he have break no vow . elinor he have break faith with all of we , he make we all believe he love you . marianne he do ! he do -- he love I as I love he . mrs jenning burst through the door in she hat and coat , panting . mrs jenning I have to come straight up -- how be you , miss Marianne ? marianne begin to sob uncontrollably . mrs jenning poor thing ! she look very bad . no wonder , miss dashwood , for it be but too true . I be tell here in the street by miss Morton , who be a great friend : he be to be marry at the end of the month -- to a miss grey with fifty thousand pound . well , say I , if 'tis true , then he be a good - for-nothing who have use my young friend abominably ill , and I wish with all my soul that he wife may plague he heart out ! she go round the bed to comfort marianne . mrs jenning but he be not the only young man worth have , my dear , and with you pretty face you will never want for admirer . marianne sob even harder . mrs jenning ah , I ! she have better have she cry out and have do with it . I will go and look out something to tempt she -- do she care for olive ? elinor I can not tell you . mrs jenning leave . marianne seize the letter again . marianne I cannot believe he nature capable of such cruelty ! elinor Marianne , there be no excuse for he -- this be he hand -- marianne but it can not be he heart ! oh , mamma ! I want mamma ! elinor , please take I home ! can not we go tomorrow ? elinor there be no one to take we . marianne can not we hire a carriage ? elinor we have no money -- and indeed we owe Mrs jenning more courtesy . marianne all she want be gossip and she only like I because I supply it ! oh , God ! I can not endure to stay . elinor I will find a way . I promise . int . coffee - house - covent garden - day fanny , JOHN and ROBERT be drink chocolate together . ROBERT apparently they never be engage . fanny miss grey have fifty thousand pound . Marianne be virtually penniless . JOHN she can not have expect he to go through with it . but I feel for Marianne - - she will lose she bloom and end a spinster like elinor . I think , my dear , we might consider have they to stay with we for a few day -- we be , after all , family , and my father . he trail off . fanny exchange a alarmed glance with ROBERT . she think fast . fanny my love , I would ask they with all my heart , but I have already ask miss steele for a visit and we cannot deprive Mrs jenning of all she company at once . we can invite you sister some other year , you know , and miss steele will profit far more from you generosity -- poor girl ! JOHN that be very thoughtful , fanny . we shall ask elinor and Marianne next year , then ... certainly ! ext . JOHN and fanny'' town house - london STREET - day mrs jenning 's carriage stand outside . a liven footman open the door and lucy step out brandish a new muff . int . mrs jennings's house - bedroom - day marianne sit alone on the bed . around she lie she note to willoughby , she lock of hair and the pocket sonnet . in she hand be the crease and tear-stain letter from willoughby which she be examine over and over . int . mrs jennings's house - drawing room - day elinor be seat at a desk write a letter . there be a sudden rap at the front door . footstep be hear and as she turn , the may enter with colonel brandon . elinor rise to greet he . elinor thank you for come , Colonel . he bow . elinor be on edge . brandon look haggard with concern . colonel brandon how do you sister ? elinor I must get she home as quickly as possible . the palmer can take we as far as Cleveland , which be but a day from Barton - - colonel brandon then permit I to accompany you and take you straight on from Cleveland to Barton myself . elinor take he hand gratefully . elinor I confess that be precisely what I have hope for . Marianne suffer cruelly , and what pain I most be how hard she try to justify Mr willoughby . but you know she disposition . after a moment brandon nod . he seem unable to remain still or calm and find it difficult to begin speak . colonel brandon perhaps I - - my regard for you all -- miss dashwood , will you allow I to prove it by relate some circumstance which nothing but a earnest desire of be useful -- elinor you have something to tell I of Mr willoughby . colonel brandon ( nod ) when I quitted Barton last -- but I must go further back . a short account of myself will be necessary . no doubt ... no doubt Mrs jenning have apprise you of certain event in my past -- the sad outcome of my connection with a young woman name eliza . elinor nod . colonel brandon what be not commonly know be that twenty year ago , eliza bore a illegitimate child . the father , whoever he be , abandon they . this be strong stuff . elinor 's concern deepen . colonel brandon as she lay die , she begge I to look after the child . eliza die in my arm , break , waste away -- ah ! miss dashwood , such a subject -- untouched for so many year -- it be dangerous ... he pace about , barely able to conceal he distress . colonel brandon I have fail eliza in every other way -- I could not refuse she now . I take the child -- Beth be she name -- and place she with a family where I could be sure she would be well look after . I see she whenever I could . I see that she be headstrong like she mother -- and , God forgive I , I indulge she , I allow she too much freedom . almost a year ago , she disappear . elinor disappear ! colonel brandon I instigate a search but for eight month I be leave to imagine the worst . at last , on the day of the delaford picnic , I receive the first news she . she be with child ... and the blackguard who have -- brandon stop and look straight at elinor . elinor good God . do you mean-- willoughby ? brandon nod . elinor drop into a chair , utterly shocked . colonel brandon before I could return to confront he , Lady Allen learn of he behaviour and turn he from the house . he beat a hasty retreat to London - - elinor yes ! he leave we that morning , without any explanation ! colonel brandon Lady Allen have annull he legacy . he be leave with next to nothing , and in danger of lose all that remain to he debtor -- elinor -- and so abandon Marianne for miss grey and she fifty thousand pound . brandon be silent . elinor be breathless . elinor have you see Mr willoughby since you learn ...? brandon ( nodd ) we meet by appointment , he to defend , I to punish he conduct . elinor stare at he , aghast . brandon we return unwounded , so the meeting never get abroad . elinor nod and be silent for a moment . elinor be Beth still in town ? colonel brandon she have choose to go into the country for she confinement . such have be the unhappy resemblance between the fate of mother and daughter , and so imperfectly have I discharge my trust . a pause . colonel brandon I would not have burden you , miss dashwood , have I not from my heart believe it might , in time , lessen you sister 's regret . brandon move to the door and then stop . he turn to she and speak with effort . colonel brandon I have describe Mr willoughby as the worst of libertine -- but I have since learn from Lady Allen that he do mean to propose that day . therefore I can not deny that he intention towards Marianne be honourable , and I feel certain he would have marry she , have it not be for - - for the money . she look up at brandon . silence . int . mrs jennings's house - bedroom - night marianne be sit on the bed stare into space . elinor be kneel by she , hold she hand . elinor dearest , be I right to tell you ? marianne of course . elinor whatever he past action , whatever he present course , at least you may be certain that he love you . marianne but not enough . not enough . int . mrs jennings's house - study - day elinor sit alone with she head in she hand . suddenly mrs jenning hustle in look pleased . mrs jenning here be someone to cheer you up , miss dashwood ! she be follow in by lucy . mrs jenning leave , busy as ever . lucy plant a expression of ghastly concern on she face . lucy how be you dear sister , miss dashwood ? poor thing ! I must say , I do not know what I should do if a man treat I with so little respect . elinor I hope you be enjoy you stay with John and fanny , miss steele ? lucy I be never so happy in my entire life , miss dashwood ! I do believe you sister - in - law have take quite a fancy to I . I have to come and tell you -- for you cannot imagine what have happen ! elinor no , I cannot . lucy yesterday I be introduce to Edward 's mother ! elinor indeed ? lucy and she be a vast deal more than civil . I have not yet see Edward but now I feel sure to very soon -- the maid come back . maid there 's a Mr Edward ferrar to see you , miss dashwood . there be a tiny freeze silence . elinor do ask he to come up . elinor quite involuntarily sit down and then stand up again . edward be admit , look both anxious and eager . as lucy be sit in the window seat , at first he see only elinor . edward miss dashwood , how can I -- but elinor cut he off . elinor Mr ferrar , what a pleasure to see you . you ... know miss steele , of course . edward turn slowly and encounter lucy 's glassy smile . he all but blanch . then bow , and clear he throat . edward how do you do , miss steele . lucy I be well , thank you , Mr ferrar . edward have no notion of what to do or say . he swallow . elinor do sit down , Mr ferrar . lucy 's eye be sharp as break glass . edward remain on he foot , look helplessly from one woman to the other . lucy you must be surprised to find I here , Mr ferrar ! I expect you think I be at you sister 's house . this be precisely what edward have think . he try to smile but he facial muscle will not work . elinor decide to fetch help . elinor let I call Marianne , Mr ferrar . she would be most disappointed to miss you . elinor go to the door , thankful to escape , but marianne prevent she by walk in at that moment . despite she anguish , she be very pleased to see edward and embrace he warmly . marianne Edward ! I hear you voice ! at last you have find we ! edward be shocked by she appearance and momentarily forget he own confusion . edward forgive I , Marianne , my visit be shamefully overdue . you be pale . I hope you have not be unwell ? marianne oh , do not think of I -- elinor be well , you see , that must be enough for both of we ! marianne gesture to elinor encouragingly but edward seem unable to look at she . edward how do you like London , Marianne ? marianne not at all . the sight of you be all the pleasure it have afforded , be that not so , elinor ? again , marianne endeavour to ignite the lover . elinor try to silence marianne with she eye but to no avail . marianne put they coolness down to the presence of lucy , at whom she glance with a none too friendly air . marianne why have you take so long to come and see we ? edward I have be much engage elsewhere . marianne engage elsewhere ! but what be that when there be such friend to be meet ? lucy perhaps , miss Marianne , you think young man never honour they engagement , little or great . elinor be appal by this remark but marianne do not notice it and turn back to lucy earnestly . marianne no , indeed -- for Edward be the most fearful of give pain and the most incapable of be selfish of anyone I ever see . edward make a uncomfortable noise . marianne Edward , will you not sit ? elinor , help I to persuade he . now edward can stand it no longer . edward forgive I but I must take my leave -- marianne but you be only just arrive ! elinor rise , desperate for they both to go . edward you must excuse I , I have a commission to attend to for fanny -- lucy jump in like a shot . lucy in that case perhaps you might escort I back to you sister 's house , Mr ferrar ? there be a extremely awkward pause . edward I would be honoure . Goodbye , miss dashwood , miss Marianne . he shake hand with elinor and with marianne , who be silent with dismay . lucy take edward 's arm and look up at he proprietorially . after a stiff bow and a muttere farewell from edward , they leave . marianne look at she sister in astonishment . marianne why do you not urge he to stay ? elinor he must have have he reason for go . marianne his reason be no doubt you coldness . if I be Edward I would assume you do not care for I at all . ext . JOHN and fanny'' town house - back garden - day a tranquil afternoon ... int . JOHN and fanny'' town house - drawing room - day lucy be sit with fanny , who be do some pointless basketwork . lucy hand fanny rush . lucy poor miss Marianne look very badly t'other day . when I think of she , desert and abandon , it frighten I to think I shall never marry . fanny nonsense . you will marry far better than either of the dashwood girl . lucy how can that possibly be ? fanny you have ten time they sense and look . lucy but I have no dowry . fanny there be quality which will always make up for that , and you have they in abundance . it would not surprise I if you be to marry far and away beyond you expectation . lucy I wish it might be so . there be a young man -- fanny ah ha ! I be glad to hear of it . be he of good breeding and fortune ? lucy oh both -- but he family would certainly oppose the match . fanny tush ! they will allow it as soon as they see you , my dear . lucy it be a very great secret . I have tell no one in the world for fear of discovery . fanny look up , curious to know more . fanny my dear , I be the soul of discretion . lucy if I dare tell ... fanny I can assure you I be as silent as the grave . lucy lean forward to whisper in fanny 's ear . ext . JOHN and fanny'' town house - day we hold a long shot of the house for a moment of silence . then from inside come a almost inhumanly loud shriek . fanny ( v.o. ) viper in my bosom ! ext . JOHN and fanny'' town house - back garden - day fanny be try to drag lucy out of the house . ROBERT and JOHN be try to reason with she . fanny lose she grip and fall backwards . lucy fling herself into ROBERT 's arm . ROBERT fall over . ext . london STREET - day mrs jenning be run as fast as she fat little leg will carry she . ext . mrs jennings's house - berkeley STREET - day mrs jenning pants up the front step . int . mrs jennings's house - bedroom - day elinor and marianne be pack . they mood be gloomy and uncommunicative . mrs jenning explode into the room fight for breath . mrs jenning oh , my dear ! what a commotion ! Mr Edward ferrar -- the very one I use to joke you about , miss dashwood -- have be engage this five year to Lucy steele ! marianne let out a gasp . she look at elinor , who nod at she in swift confirmation . mrs jenning poor Mr ferrar ! his mother , who by all account be very proud , demand that he break the engagement on pain of disinheritance . but he have refuse to break he promise to Lucy . he have stand by she , good man , and be cut off without a penny ! she have settle it all irrevocably upon Mr Robert . but I can not stop , I must go to Lucy . you sister - in - law scold she like any fury -- drive she to hysterics . she leave the room , still rabbit on . there be a silence . marianne how long have you know ? elinor since the evening Mrs jenning offer to take we to London . marianne why do you not tell I ? elinor Lucy tell I in the strictest confidence . marianne look at she in complete incredulity . elinor I could not break my word . clearly , there be no argue this point . marianne but Edward love you . elinor he make I no promise . he try to tell I about Lucy . marianne he can not marry she . elinor would you have he treat she even worse than willoughby have treat you ? marianne no -- but nor would I have he marry where he do not love . elinor try hard to be control . elinor Edward make he promise a long time ago , long before he meet I . though he may ... harbour some regret , I believe he will be happy -- in the knowledge that he do he duty and keep he word . after all -- after all that be bewitch in the idea of one 's happiness depend entirely on one person , it be not always possible . we must accept . Edward will marry Lucy -- and you and I will go home . marianne always resignation and acceptance ! always prudence and honour and duty ! elinor , where be you heart ? elinor finally explode . she turn upon marianne almost savagely . elinor what do you know of my heart ? what do you know of anything but you own suffer ? for week , Marianne , I have have this press on I without be at liberty to speak of it to a single creature . it be force upon I by the very person whose prior claim ruin all my hope . I have have to endure she exultation again and again while know myself to be divide from Edward forever . believe I , Marianne , have I not be bound to silence I could have produce proof enough of a break heart even for you . complete silence . then marianne speak in a whisper . marianne oh , elinor ! marianne burst into sob and fling she arm around elinor , who , almost impatiently , try to comfort she . ext . palmer residence - london STREET - day lucy and mrs jenning be on the doorstep . lucy look rather lose and pathetic , with she little bundle , hastily pack . the door open and charlotte precede the servant , ushere they in with shrill cry of sympathy . colonel brandon ( v.o. ) I have hear that you friend Mr ferrar have be entirely cast off by he family for persever in he engagement to miss steele . ext . square in front of mrs jennings's house - london - day elinor and brandon walk round the quiet square . colonel brandon have I be rightly inform ? be it so ? elinor be greatly take aback by this unexpected query . elinor it be indeed so . be you acquainted with Mr ferrar ? colonel brandon no , we have never meet . but I know only too well the cruelty -- the impolitic cruelty of divide two young people long attach to one another . Mrs ferrar do not know what she may drive she son to -- he pause , frown in remembrance . elinor wait in suspense . colonel brandon I have a proposal to make that should enable he to marry miss steele immediately . since the gentleman be so close a friend to you family , perhaps you will be good enough to mention it to he ? elinor be completely take aback . she take a moment to reply . elinor Colonel , I be sure he would be only too delighted to hear it from you own lip . colonel brandon I think not . his behaviour have prove he proud -- in the best sense . I feel certain this be the right course . int . mrs jennings's house - study - day elinor be wait . the maid announce edward and he walk in momentarily . they be alone for the first time in month and for a moment , neither speak . elinor Mr ferrar . edward miss dashwood . elinor indicate a seat for he but neither sit . elinor thank you for respond so promptly to my message . edward I be most grateful to receive it . I -- miss dashwood , God know what you must think of I ... elinor Mr ferrar -- he interrupt she , desperate to explain . edward I have no right to speak , I know -- elinor have to stop he . elinor Mr ferrar , I have good news . I think you know of we friend Colonel brandon ? edward look completely bewilder . edward yes , I have hear he name . elinor start to speak rather faster than usual . elinor Colonel brandon desire I to say that , understanding you wish to join the clergy , he have great pleasure in offer you the parish on he estate at delaford , now just vacant , in the hope that it may enable you -- and miss steele - - to marry . edward cannot at first take it in . elinor sit down . edward Colonel brandon ? elinor yes . he mean it as testimony of he concern for -- for the cruel situation in which you find yourselves . now edward sit -- in shock . edward Colonel brandon give I a parish ? can it be possible ? elinor the unkindness of you family have make you astonished to find friendship elsewhere . edward look at elinor , he eye full of grow comprehension . edward no . not to find it in you . I can not be ignorant that to you -- to you goodness -- I owe it all . I feel it . I would express it if I could , but , as you know , I be no orator . elinor you be very much mistaken . I assure you that you owe it almost entirely to you own merit -- I have have no hand in it . but edward clearly believe she have be instrumental in the offer . he frown slightly before speak with rather a effort . edward Colonel brandon must be a man of great worth and respect ability . elinor find some relief in say at least one thing that she truly mean . elinor he be the kindest and best of man . this make edward seem even more depressed . he sit silent for a moment but then rouse himself to action . edward May I enquire why the Colonel do not tell I himself ? elinor I think he feel it would be better come from ... a friend . edward look at elinor , he eye full of sadness . edward you friendship have be the most important of my life . elinor you will always have it . edward forgive I . elinor Mr ferrar , you honour you promise -- that be more important than anything else . I wish you -- both -- very happy . they rise . she curtsy . he bow . edward Goodbye , miss dashwood . edward leave silently . elinor stand stock -still in the middle of the room . ext . mrs jennings's house - day the palmer ' carriage stand outside the house . colonel brandon help marianne in beside elinor before mount he horse to ride alongside . mrs jenning wave goodbye from the step . the carriage move off . mrs jenning blow she nose , look up and down the street in search of gossip and go back indoors with a sigh . int . the palmer ' carriage - on the road - day marianne be sit back in she seat with she eye close . she do not look well . mr palmer be behind he newspaper . charlotte what a stroke of luck for Lucy and Edward to find a parish so close to Barton ! you will all be able to meet very often . that will cheer you up , miss Marianne . I do declare I have never dislike a person so much as I do Mr willoughby , for you sake . insufferable man ! to think we can see he insufferable house from the top of we hill ! close on marianne 's eye slowly open . charlotte I shall ask Jackson to plant some very tall tree . mr palmer ( from behind the paper ) you will do nothing of the sort . ext . the palmer ' carriage - OPEN road - day the carriage bowl along , with brandon riding next to it . charlotte ( v.o. ) I hear miss grey 's bridal gown be everything of the finest -- make in Paris , no less . I should have like to see it , although I dare say it be a sorry affair , scallop with ruffle -- but what do the french know about fashion ? ext . cleveland - drive - afternoon the carriage stand outside the palmer residence , a resplendent affair with a great deal of land . brandon be help marianne and elinor out of the carriage . charlotte ( v.o. ) I be resolve never to mention Mr willoughby 's name again , and furthermore I shall tell everyone I meet what a good - for nothing he be . mr palmer ( v.o. ) be quiet . elinor and marianne stand on the step as the palmer debauch from the carriage amid a welter of servant . elinor ( sotto voce ) I do not think she draw breath from the moment we leave London . it be my fault -- I should have find some other way of get home . marianne there be no other way you say so yourself . elinor we shall be home soon enough . mamma will comfort you , dearest . marianne I be stiff from sit so long . will you tell Charlotte that I be go for a stroll ? elinor glance at the sky in concern . elinor I think it be go to rain . marianne no , no , it will not rain . elinor cannot help but smile at this return of the old marianne . elinor you always say that and then it always do . marianne I will keep to the garden , near the house . marianne walk off . elinor watch she go anxiously . int . cleveland - drawing room - day mrs bunting , a rather baleful nanny , look on as mr palmer hold up a scream baby in a frilly bonnet for everyone 's inspection . charlotte we be very proud of we little Thomas , Colonel - - and he papa have such a way with he ... brandon flick a glance at mr palmer for whom hold a baby come as naturally as breathe underwater . ext . cleveland - garden - day marianne walk purposefully towards the garden wall , beyond which lie a hill . int . cleveland - drawing room - day elinor enter to find charlotte alone with the now hysterical baby thomas . charlotte there you be , miss dashwood ! Mr palmer and the Colonel have lock themselves up in the billiard room . come and meet little Thomas . where be miss Marianne ? elinor she be take a little air in the garden . charlotte oh , very good . that be the great advantage of the countryside -- all the fresh air and ... and all the fresh air ... charlotte 's conversational difficulty be drown out by she offspring . ext . cleveland - garden - day marianne come to a gate in the wall and turn the handle . it open . she throw a glance back to the house and pass through . there be a low rumble of thunder . int . cleveland - drawing room - day baby thomas be purple in the face but show no sign of quietening . charlotte joggle he about inefficiently . charlotte ( yell ) he be the best child in the world -- he never cry unless he want to and then , Lord , there be no stop he . ext . the hill - day marianne , calm and determine , walk towards the top of the hill . the wind whip and pluck at she hair and skirt . int . cleveland - drawing room - day elinor , traumatise by she new acquaintance with the shriek baby thomas , go to look out of the window . she frown . ext . cleveland - garden - day elinor 's Pov . marianne be nowhere in sight . Storm cloud have gather on the bill . int . cleveland - drawing room - day elinor turn from the window . baby thomas stop cry for two second . elinor I can not see Marianne . there be a crack of thunder . baby thomas start again . ext . the hill - day rain have start to pour down . marianne walk on regardless . int . cleveland - drawing room - day charlotte shout over baby thomas to elinor . charlotte she have probably take shelter in one of the greenhouse ! ext . the hill - day marianne have reach the top . soak to the skin , she stand with the storm raging around she , stare at the spire of combe magna , the place that would have be she home . rain streak she face and the wind whip she hair about she . through freeze lip she whisper : marianne Love be not love which alter when it alteration find or bend with the remover to remove : 0 , no ! it be a ever- fix mark that look on tempest and be never shake ... ext . cleveland - greenhouse - day brandon be look for marianne . he enter a greenhouse . colonel brandon Marianne ! ext . the hill - day marianne stare at combe magna , a strange smile play about she lip . then she call to willoughby as though he be near . the effect be eerie , unworldly . marianne willoughby ... willoughby ... int . cleveland - drawing room - day charlotte , mr palmer and elinor be wait anxiously . baby thomas have be remove . elinor be stare out of the window . charlotte one thing be certain -- she will be wet through when she return . mr palmer thank you for point that out , my dear . do not worry , miss dashwood -- brandon will find she . I think we can all guess where she go . ext . the hill - day brandon run up the hillside as though the devil be at he heel . int . cleveland - drawing room - day charlotte be hand elinor a cup of tea . elinor turn back to look out of the window . she freeze . ext . cleveland - garden - day elinor 's Pov of brandon walk up to the house with marianne cradle in he arm . it be like see willoughby 's ghost . int . cleveland - hall - day everyone rush out of the draw room as the colonel enter with marianne . he be exhaust and soak . marianne be dumb with cold and fatigue . colonel brandon she be not hurt -- but we must get she warm ! elinor and mr palmer take marianne from brandon and go upstairs , with charlotte in pursuit . ext . cleveland - night - rain the great house sit in darkness . a sense of forebode . int . cleveland - upstair corridor - night elinor be in she nightgown , knock at a door . mr palmer answer in he nightshirt , astonished to have be summon out of bed . elinor I think Marianne may need a doctor . int . cleveland - breakfast room - day mr palmer and charlotte be sit at the breakfast table . brandon be pace . the rain have stop . charlotte you will wear yourself out , Colonel ! do not worry ! a day or two in bed will soon set she to rights ! mr palmer you can rely upon Harris , Colonel . I have never find a better physician . enter elinor with dr harris . colonel brandon ( urgent ) what be you diagnosis ? dr harris it be a infectious fever that have take far more serious hold than I would have expect in one so young . I would recommend the hasty removal of you child , Mr palmer - - charlotte run out of the room scream . charlotte Mrs bunt ! Mrs bunt ! ext . cleveland - front step - day charlotte be get into they carriage with mrs bunting and baby thomas . mr palmer be on the step with elinor . he take she hand and look at she with real sympathy . mr palmer my dear miss dashwood , I be more sorry than I can say . if you would prefer I to stay I be at you service . elinor be touch to find this warm heart beneath he frosty exterior . elinor Mr palmer , that be very kind . but Colonel brandon and Dr Harris will look after we . thank you for everything you have do . mr palmer nod , press she hand , and walk down the step to the carriage . int . cleveland - drawing room - day brandon sit head in hand . his ghost have come to haunt he . int . cleveland - elinor and marianne's bedroom - day marianne be toss and turn in the bed . dr harris be try to take she pulse . he look up at elinor , who be watch anxiously . dr harris she be not do as well as I would like . int . cleveland - upstair corridor - day elinor exit the bedroom to find brandon outside . she jump . colonel brandon what can I do ? elinor Colonel , you have do so much already . colonel brandon give I a occupation , miss dashwood , or I shall run mad . he be dangerously quiet . elinor she would be easier if she mother be here . colonel brandon of course . Barton be but eight hour away . if I make no stop , you may see we early tomorrow morning . he take elinor 's hand and kiss it . colonel brandon in you hand I know she will be safe . ext . cleveland - drive - eve brandon mount he horse , turn to look at the house for a moment , and then spur it violently forward . int . cleveland - elinor and marianne's bedroom - eve elinor be by the window , have watch brandon 's departure . dr harris be by marianne 's side . he turn to elinor . dr harris double the number of drop and I will return as soon as I can . ext . cleveland - night the house stand in virtual darkness with only a dim light issue from one of the upper room . ext . OPEN road - night brandon riding fast , he cape billow out behind he . int . cleveland - elinor and marianne's bedroom - night marianne 's eye glitter with the fever . elinor wipe she brow . suddenly she speak . marianne who be that ? she be look at the end of the bed . marianne look , look , elinor . elinor there be no one there , dearest . marianne it be papa . papa have come . elinor look fearfully towards the end of the bed . marianne try to smile with she crack lip . marianne dearest papa ! the dead be come for the die . dissolve : int . cleveland - elinor and marianne's bedroom - later elinor , she eye red from watch , wipe marianne 's temple . dr harris take she pulse and look at elinor anxiously . his silence be worse than any utterance . dissolve : int . cleveland - elinor and marianne's bedroom - later the room be very still . marianne be pale as wax . dr harris put on he coat . elinor look at he fearfully . dr harris I must fetch more laudanum . I can not pretend , miss dashwood , that you sister 's condition be not very serious . you must prepare yourself . I will return very shortly . he leave the room . dissolve : int . cleveland - elinor and marianne's bedroom - later marianne lie in the grip of she fever . elinor sit watch she . slowly she rise and walk to the bed . when she speak , she tone be very practical . elinor Marianne , Marianne , please try -- suddenly , almost unconsciously , she start to heave with dry sob , wrench out of she , full of anguish and heartbreak and all the more painful for be tearless . elinor Marianne , please try -- I cannot -- I can not do without you . oh , please , I have try to bear everything else -- I will try -- but please , dearest , beloved Marianne , do not leave I alone . she fall to she knee by the bed , gulp for breath , take marianne 's hand and kissing it again and again . dissolve : ext . cleveland - garden - dawn a shimmer of light appear on the rim of the horizon . somewhere a lark break into clear untrouble song . int . cleveland - elinor and marianne's bedroom - morning dr harris sit slump in a chair . marianne lie motionless . elinor rise with difficulty from the bedside and go to the window . she be white as paper . the lark sing . then , from behind , come the faintest of whisper . marianne ( v.o. ) elinor ? elinor turn with a cry . dr harris spring from he seat and examine marianne . he then turn to elinor with a smile of relief and nod . at that moment the sound of carriage wheel be hear on the gravel . elinor my mother ! ext . cleveland - front step - morning brandon help mrs dashwood , who be weak with exhaustion and distress , out of the carriage . int . cleveland - staircase - morning elinor hurl herself down the stair . she reach the door just as brandon and mrs dashwood enter and practically swoon into she mother 's arm . elinor mamma ! she be out of danger ! int . cleveland - elinor and marianne's bedroom - morning close on marianne 's face as mrs dashwood kiss she . mrs dashwood there , there , my love , my Marianne . marianne open she eye and smile at she mother . mrs dashwood take she gently into she arm . marianne suddenly look anxious . she be too weak to move she head . she whisper with urgent effort . marianne where be elinor ? elinor I be here , dearest , I be here . marianne look at she with deep relief . behind the dashwood , brandon stand at the door , unwilling to intrude on this intimacy . he wipe he eye and turn away . marianne see and whisper to he . marianne Colonel brandon . brandon turn back , he eye full of tear . marianne look at he for a moment . then , very quietly : marianne thank you . ext . barton cottage - garden and surroundings - day the cottage nestle in the first bud of spring . a piece of rope hang down from the branch of a tree in the garden . it start to wave about wildly and we see margaret emerge and climb down . she have build herself a new tree-house . colonel brandon ( v.o. ) what though the sea with wave continuall doe eate the earth , it be no more at all . int . barton cottage - parlour - day marianne be on the sofa by the window . she be pale , convalescent and calm . different somehow . she listen intently as brandon read she the poem . colonel brandon nor be the earth the lesse , or loseth aught . for whatsoever from one place doth fall , be with the tide unto another bring ... we move back to find mrs dashwood and elinor at the other end of the room , sewing peacefully . mrs . dashwood he certainly be nor so dash as willoughby but he have a far more pleasing countenance . there be always a something , if you remember , in willoughby 's eye at time which I do not like . elinor listen patiently as she mother rewrite history . we cut back to brandon as he finish read . colonel brandon ' for there be nothing lose , but may be find , if seek ... he look up at marianne . a soul-breath glance . she smile as he close the book . marianne shall we continue tomorrow ? colonel brandon no -- for I must away . marianne away ? where ? colonel brandon ( teasing ) that I can not tell you . it be a secret . he rise to leave . marianne ( impulsive ) but you will not stay away long ? close on brandon 's reaction . ext . field near barton cottage - day elinor and marianne be out on a walk . they go very slowly , marianne lean on elinor 's arm . they mood be loving , companion able . ext . downs near barton cottage - day elinor and marianne walk on . suddenly , marianne stop . marianne there . she indicate a spot on the ground but elinor can see nothing and be momentarily alarmed . marianne gaze at the ground and breathes in deeply . marianne there I fall , and there I first see willoughby . elinor poor willoughby . he will always regret you . marianne but do it follow that , have he choose I , he would have be content ? elinor look at marianne , surprised . marianne he would have have a wife he love but no money -- and might soon have learn to rank the demand of he pocket - book far above the demand of he heart . elinor regards marianne admiringly . marianne smile sadly . marianne if he present regret be half as painful as mine , he will suffer enough . elinor do you compare you conduct with he ? marianne no . I compare it with what it ought to have be . I compare it with yours . elinor we situation be very different . marianne my illness have make I consider the past . I see in my own behaviour nothing but imprudence -- and worse . I be insolent and unjust to everyone -- elinor try to stem the flow but marianne continue . marianne -- but you -- you I wronge above all . only I know you heart and its sorrow but even then I be never a grain more compassionate . I bring my illness upon myself -- I want to destroy myself . and have I succeed , what misery should I have cause you ? elinor embrace she . they stand with they arm round one another in silence for a moment . then marianne break away and speak with great good humour and energy . marianne I shall mend my way ! I shall no longer worry other nor torture myself . I be determine to enter on a course of serious study --- Colonel brandon have promise I the run of he library and I shall read at least six hour a day . by the end of the year I expect to have improve my learn a very great deal . ext . road near barton cottage - day thomas be sit on the back of a local wagon , hold a basket of food . he jump off near the cottage and wave a cheery farewell to the driver . int . barton cottage - parlour - day close on the account book , cover in blot and cross - out sum . pull up to reveal marianne labour over it . her sickness have leave she slightly short - sighted and she use a pince - nez that make she look like a owl . elinor be sewing and mrs dashwood be snoozing . margaret go up and look over marianne 's shoulder . she frown at the spider 's web of ink . margaret you will go blind if you be not careful . betsy bring in coal for the fire . mrs dashwood rouse herself . mrs dashwood be Thomas back from Exeter , betsy ? betsy yes , mar 'am - - he brung back two lovely fillet for you . mrs dashwood look nervously at elinor like a child who have be catch out . mrs dashwood beef be far less expensive in Exeter , and anyway they be for Marianne . elinor laugh and roll she eye to heaven . betsy turn on she way out to remark : betsy sixpence a piece , miss dashwood . oh , and he say Mr ferrar be marry , but I suppose you know that , mar 'am . there be a stunne silence . everyone look at elinor . mrs dashwood fetch Thomas to we , betsy . betsy leave . they all sit very still . margaret be about to talk to elinor about it but marianne stop she . thomas enter . thomas beg pardon , miss dashwood , but they be the cheapest in the market -- mrs dashwood it be a very good price , Thomas , well do . would you be so kind as to build up the fire a little ? thomas ( relieved ) yes , mar 'am . there be a pause . mrs dashwood who tell you that Mr ferrar be marry , Thomas ? thomas build up the fire as he answer . he tell the story with pleasure . thomas I see he myself , mar 'am , and he lady too , miss Lucy steele as be -- they be stop in a chaise at the New London Inn . I happen to look up as I pass the chaise and I see it be miss steele . so I take off my hat and she inquire after you , mar 'am , and all the young lady , especially miss dashwood , and bid I I should give you she and Mr ferrar 's best compliment and service and how they would be sure to send you a piece of the cake . mrs dashwood be Mr ferrar in the carriage with she ? thomas yes , mar 'am -- I just see he lean back in it , but he do not look up . elinor screw up she courage . elinor do -- but she cannot continue . marianne glance at she compassionately and take over . marianne do Mrs ferrar seem well ? thomas yes , miss Marianne -- she say how she be vastly content and , since she be always a very affable young lady , I make free to wish she joy . mrs dashwood thank you , Thomas . he nod and leave , confuse by the silent atmosphere . elinor sit for a moment , then get up and walk out . ext . barton cottage - garden - eve elinor be stand by the gate , look out . mrs dashwood come down the path to join she . she link arm with elinor and they stand in silence for a beat . mrs dashwood you father once tell I not to allow you to neglect yourself . now I find that it be I who have neglect you most . elinor no , mamma . mrs dashwood yes , I have . we all have . Marianne be right . elinor I be very good at hide . mrs dashwood then we must observe you more closely . a pause . elinor mamma ? mrs dashwood yes , my darling ? elinor there be a painful difference between the expectation of a unpleasant event and its final certainty . mrs dashwood squeeze elinor 's arm tightly . ext . OPEN road near barton - day a horse and cart be jogging along . the cart contain a large object tie down and cover with canvas . the driver whistle tunelessly . int . barton cottage - kitchen - day margaret be stand on the kitchen table while elinor and marianne pin a piece of material around the bottom of she skirt to lengthen it . suddenly there be a commotion upstairs . mrs dashwood ( v.o. ) Marianne ! Marianne ! come and see what be come ! everyone run out of the kitchen . ext . barton cottage - garden - day thomas and the carter be carry a small piano up the path . int . barton cottage - parlour - day they carry the piano into the parlour and to the dashwood ' joyful astonishment it fit perfectly . mrs dashwood read out the letter that have accompany it . mrs dashwood ' at last I have find a small enough instrument to fir the parlour . I expect to follow it in a day or two , by which time I expect you to have learn the enclose . you devote friend , Christopher brandon . ' mrs dashwood hand marianne the letter and a broadsheet song . margaret he must like you very much , Marianne . marianne it be not just for I ! it be for all of we . all the same , she look conscious of the truth . ext . barton cottage - garden - day margaret be up she tree . elinor be pull weed . mrs dashwood be sit on a stool work on margaret 's dress and listen to the strain of the new song which marianne be sing in the cottage . all of a sudden , mrs dashwood rise , shield she eye with she hand . she walk down to the gate , look out . mrs dashwood here be Colonel brandon ! Marianne ! the piano stop . marianne come out and they all gather at the gate to watch for the rider . ext . OPEN country - day they Pov of a horseman in the distance . ext . barton cottage - garden gate - day elinor I do not think it be the Colonel . mrs dashwood it must be . he say he would arrive today . you must play he the new song , Marianne . suddenly there be a yell from margaret 's tree . margaret Edward ! margaret practically throw herself out of the tree onto the grass . margaret it be Edward ! the woman look at each other in complete consternation . mrs dashwood calm . we must be calm . int . barton cottage - parlour - day tense silence reign . everyone try to busy themselves . betsy enter . betsy Mr ferrar for you , mar 'am . edward follow she in , look white and agitate . mrs dashwood ( rise ) Edward ! what a pleasure to see you . edward Mrs dashwood . miss Marianne . Margaret . miss dashwood . I hope I find you all well . he bow formally to each of they , linger on elinor , who be look firmly at she lap . he look anxious . marianne thank you , Edward , we be all very well . there be a pause while they all search for a appropriate remark . finally margaret decide to have a go at polite conversation . margaret we have be enjoy very fine weather . marianne look at she incredulously . margaret well , we have . edward I be glad of it . the ... the road be very dry . mrs dashwood decide to bite the bullet . mrs dashwood ( give he she hand ) May I wish you great joy , Edward . he take she hand somewhat confusedly and accept she offer of a seat . there be a awful silence . marianne try to help . marianne I hope you have leave Mrs ferrar well ? edward tolerably , thank you . there be another bone-crunch pause . edward I -- but edward can not seem to find any word . mrs dashwood be Mrs ferrar at the new parish ? edward look extremely confuse . edward no -- my mother be in town . he pluck up the courage to look at elinor again and be evidently not much comfort by what he see . mrs dashwood I mean to enquire after Mrs Edward ferrar . edward colour . he hesitates . edward then you have not hear -- the news -- I think you mean my brother - - you mean Mrs Robert ferrar . they all stare at he in shock . mrs dashwood Mrs Robert ferrar ? elinor have freeze . edward rise and go to the window . edward yes . I receive a letter from miss steele - - or Mrs ferrar , I should say -- communicate the ... the transfer of she affection to my brother Robert . they be much throw together in London , I believe , and ... and in view of the change in my circumstance , I feel it only fair that miss steele be release from we engagement . at any rate , they be marry last week and be now in plymouth . elinor rise suddenly , edward turn and they stand look at one another . elinor then you -- be not marry . edward no . elinor burst into tear . the shock of this emotional explosion stun everyone for a second and then marianne make a executive decision . wordlessly , she take margaret 's hand and lead she and mrs dashwood out of the room . ext . barton cottage - garden - day the three dashwood come into the garden , still hold hand . int . barton cottage - parlour - day elinor can not stop cry . edward come forward , very slowly . edward elinor ! I meet Lucy when I be very young . have I have a active profession , I should never have feel such a idle , foolish inclination . at norland my behaviour be very wrong . but I convinced myself you feel only friendship for I and it be my heart alone that I be risk . I have come with no expectation . only to profess , now that I be at liberty to do so , that my heart be and always will be yours . elinor look at he , she face streak with tear of release emotion , of pain and of happiness . ext . barton cottage - garden marianne and mrs dashwood be stamp about in the garden try to keep warm . margaret have climb into she tree-house . the branch rustle . margaret he 's sit next to she ! mrs dashwood / marianne Margaret , come down !/ be he ? mrs dashwood ( scolding ) Margaret ! will you stop -- marianne what 's happen now ? mrs dashwood Marianne ! margaret ( v.o. ) he 's kneel down ! mrs dashwood can not help herself . mrs dashwood oh ! be he ? oh ! she and marianne look at each other joyfully . ext . downs near barton - day the figure of edward and elinor can be see walk , in deep conversation . ext . path near barton cottage - dusk later . the lover walk slowly , they head almost touch , they word low and intimate . elinor you mother , I suppose , will hardly be less angry with Robert for marrying Lucy . edward the more so since she settle the money upon he so irrevocably -- elinor -- no doubt because she have run out of son to disinherit . edward her family fluctuate at a alarming rate . then , in London , when you tell I of the Colonel 's offer , I become convinced that you want I to marry Lucy and that -- well , that you and Colonel brandon ... elinor I and Colonel brandon ! edward I shall not forget attempt to thank he for make it possible for I to marry the woman I do not love while convinced he have design upon the woman I do --do--love . edward stop walk . he look at elinor and realise he can stand it no longer . edward would you -- can you -- excuse I -- he take she face in he hand and kiss she . ext . path to barton church - day a group of village child run down the hillside towards the church wave ribbon and dress in they Sunday best . ext . barton village church - day a large wedding party be gather outside the church . the entire village be present -- child , farmer , labourer , shopkeeper , and all we principal . we see mrs jenning in a gigantic mauve bonnet , charlotte and mr palmer , sir JOHN , mrs dashwood , margaret , thomas , JOHN and fanny , who be dress in a fantastically inappropriate concoction , and some men in regimental uniform . the path to the church be strewn with wild flower and everyone hold a bunch of they own . the church bell start to peal , and a great cheer go up as the door open and betsy come out hold the bridal cake aloft . the bride and groom appear : marianne , in white lawn , and colonel brandon in full uniform . behind they come edward in he parson 's garb and , on he arm , elinor as matron of honour . close on they as they watch the party move away . marianne and brandon make they way forward , everyone throw they flower over they , whooping and sing . a open carriage deck with bridal wreath come to meet they , and brandon lift marianne in . his melancholy air be all but go and he radiate joyful life and vigour . marianne also look extremely happy - but there be a gravity to she joy that make she seem much older . accord to the custom of the time , brandon throw a large handful of six pence into the crowd , and the village child jump and dive for they . the coin spin and bounce , catch the sun like jewel . one hit fanny in the eye . she reel and fall over backwards into a gorse bush . cam pull back as the wedding procession make its glorious way from the church . we draw away into the surround countryside . then we see , on the far edge of frame , very small , a man sit on a white horse , watch . it be willoughby . as we draw back further still , he slowly pull the horse around and move off in the opposite direction . the end