serenity written by joss whedon April 18 , 2004 ext . classroom - day it 's a group of twelve - year- old , serious and well dress . they sit on they heel under a sparsely elegant tent , small wooden desk with embed screen in front of they . the tent be on a lawn surround by lush foliage . people walk about and vehicle glide quietly overhead . a utopian vista . girl now that the war 's over , we soldier get to come home , yes ? teacher some of they . some will be station on the rim planet as peace enforcer . boy I do not understand . why be the independent even fight we ? why would not they look to be more civilized ? teacher that 's a good question . do anybody want to open on that ? girl I hear they be cannibal . another boy that 's only reaver . another girl reaver be not real . another boy full well they be . they attack settler from space , they kill they and wear they skin and rape they for hour and hour -- teacher ( in chinese ) ( calmer ) it 's true that there be ... danger on the outer planet . so let 's follow up on borodin 's question . with all the social and medical advancement we can bring to the independent , why would they fight so hard against we ? 4 3. river we meddle . teacher River ? river be a dark , intense little girl , write with one hand and " type " with the other . ( type consist of hold a long wooden stylus and tapping either end down different column of chinese character on she desktop screen . ) she be a good two year young than the other kid . river people do not like to be meddle with . we tell they what to do , what to think , do not run do not walk we be in they home and in they head and we have not the right . we be meddlesome . teacher ( gently take she stylus ) River , we be not tell people what to think . we be just try to show they how . she violently plunge the stylus into the girl 's forehead int . lab - night and we flash CUT to the actual present : a 16 year old river sit in a metal chair , needle stick in she skull ( one right where the teacher have stick she ) be adjust by a technician . a second monitor she brain pattern . the lab be cold , blue , steel . insidiously clean . 2 nd technician she 's dream . first technician nightmare ? 2 nd technician off the chart . scary monster . doctor mathias let 's amp it up . delcium , eight - drop . doctor mathias be not instantly likable -- nor gradually , for that matter . a cold man , and more than a little satisfied with himself . 4 . behind he stand a government inspector , observe . and make he a little nervous . the Inspector be in shadow , but he uniform indicate -- no substantial rank , as do the eagle - crest baton longer than a ruler -- that he clutches in one glove hand . doctor mathias ( continuing ) see , most of we best work be do when they be asleep . we can monitor and direct they subconscious , implant suggestion ... River start convulse , mew in misery . the Inspector start forward , slowly . doctor mathias ( continuing ) it 's a little startling to see , but the result be spectacular . especially in this case . River Tam be we star pupil . the Inspector step into the light . he be rigid , cold , stare at the girl with no emotion at all . his name , as we will very soon learn , be simon . simon I have hear that . doctor mathias she 's a genius . her mental capacity be extraordinary , even with the side -effect . simon tell I about they . doctor mathias well , obviously , she 's unstable ... the neural stripping give they heighten cognitive reception , but it also destabilize they own reality matrix . it manifest as borderline schizophrenia ... which at this point be the price for be truly psychic . simon ( move toward she ) what use do we have for a psychic if she 's insane ? J 5 . doctor mathias I do not have to tell you the security potential of someone who can read mind . and she have lucid period -- we hope to improve upon the ... I be sorry , Sir , I have to ask if there 's some reason for this inspection . simon ( turning ) be I make you nervous ? doctor mathias Key member of parliament have personally observe this subject . I be tell they support for the project be unanimous . the demonstration of she power -- simon ( turn back to she ) how be she physically ? doctor mathias like nothing we have see . all we subject be condition for combat , but River ... she 's a creature of extraordinary grace . 400 simon yes . she always do love to dance . he drop to one knee , slamm he baton to the floor . angle : the baton as the top pop off like a bounce betty ( the grenade ) , fly up over Simon and River 's head and then burst forth in a flat circle of blue energy that bisect the room , flow through the staff 's head and knock they out . Simon rush to River , gently remove the probe from she head and swab she , whisper : simon ( continuing ) River . wake up . please , it 's Simon . River . it 's you brother . wake up ... she begin to stir as a noise move he to the door , look out and remove he uniform to reveal a orderly 's tunic beneath . iwo 6 . River be suddenly next to he . he jump a little . river Simon . a beat , as they face each other , Simon fight emotion . river ( continuing ) they know you have come . int . guard station - continuing as a guard look at a monitor . he mostly resemble a secret service man -- more bureaucrat than thug . a second man roll into frame on a chair behind he , also watch the screen . int . research CENTER corridor - continuing Simon walk River through the corridor . they approach a pair of double door . simon we can not make it to the surface from inside . Simon turn suddenly as he hear footstep , people head at they from the other side of the door . 4wo simon ( continuing ) find a -- but River have , impossibly , scampere up over some lab equipment to the dark top of the corridor , where she hold herself in a perfect split , foot against the wall and outstretch hand hold the sprinkler for support . the door burst open and two doctor pass by , hardly notice the lone orderly . pass right under River . ext . ventilation shaft - moment later it 's small , 15 foot by 15 foot . go a long way up and a long way down . one wide hinge window look in on the hall inside . Simon and River approach with quiet haste . they slip through the window . Simon shut it , wedge he baton into the handle as the security agent approach . they fire at the glass , but they laser have no effect . wind whip River 's hair about as she look up to see a small patch of daylight visible ten storey up . see the sky blott out by a small ship that hover above they . v0 7 . angle : the ship be float over the grass of roll hill , the city gleam far beyond . this facility be well hide . a gurney -size section of the ship 's belly detach and drop down ten storey , cable spool it out of the ship . it come to Simon and River and stop suddenly . simon get on ! he be stand by the window -- and the Security agent be right behind he , punching the window with all he might . Simon help River onto the gurney , then jump on himself as the Security agent crack the glass . the two be whisk up in the gurney , River on she knee , Simon stand beside she hold one of the cable -- the operative ( o.s. ) stop . the action freeze . the operative ( 0.s . ) ( continuing ) Lovely . Lovely . backtrack . the action reverse , take we back to the moment of Simon and River on the gurney just before it rise . for t of the operative ( o.s . ) ( continuing ) stop . there be a motionless beat , River freeze in that crouch , and he step through what we now see be a hologram of the event . the government 's man . we will just call he the operative . he be thoughtful , a little remove . Wire - rimmed glass , a suit too nondescript to be a uniform , too neat to be casual wear . he be in : int . institute record room - day -- which be long and bare but for drawer of holographic record , a set - up for watch recording ( where the image of Simon and River float ) , and a table with computer and chair . the operative cross to the table , look over some papers . the operative biograph . Simon Tam . close on : the operative's glass iwo 8 . as Simon 's history file down in print and picture -- graduation , security photo from he medical internship -- over one lens of the operative 's glass . the operative ( continuing ) remarkable child . Doctor Mathias storm in , two security man ( not the one from the open ) and a nervous young female intern follow . Mathias look greyer and more gaunt than when we see he last . doctor mathias Excuse I ! no one be allow in the record room without my express permission . the operative ( over this , quietly ) enter the doctor . ( to Mathias ) forgive I . I prefer to see the event alone , without bias . Mathias look at the hologram -- realize which one it be . doctor mathias I need to see you clearance . the operative you be right to insist . I know you have have security issue here . he place he hand on a screen as he say it . Mathias look at the readout , and drop the bluster . doctor mathias apology . a operative of the parliament will of course have full cooperation . ( look at screen ) I be not sure what ... I see no list of rank , or name . the operative I have neither . like this facility , I do not exist . the parliament call I in when ... when they wish they do not have to . let 's talk about the tam . doctor mathias I assume you have scan the status log ... vj 9. the operative River be you great success . a prodigy -- a phenomenon . until she brother walk in eight month ago and take she from you . doctor mathias it 's not quite so simple . the operative I be very aware of that . doctor mathias he come in with full cred . he beat the ap-scan , the retinal ... there be no way I could -- the operative no , no . of course . the boy spend he fortune develop the contact to infiltrate this place . doctor mathias gave up a brilliant future in . medicine as well , you have probably read . turned he back on he whole life . madness . the operative madness , no . something a good deal more dangerous . have you look at this scan carefully ? at he face ? Mathias look uncertain . the operative ( continuing ) it 's love , in point of fact . he love he sister and he know she be in pain . so he take she somewhere safe . doctor mathias why be you here ? the operative I be here because the situation be even less simple than you think . ( eyeing he ) do you know what you sin be , Doctor ? J 10 . doctor mathias I . I would be very careful about what you -- the operative ( sadly ) it 's pride . he touch the computer screen and the hologramic image jump to the Doctor and Simon in the lab , Mathias repeat : doctor mathias Key member of parliament have personally observe this subject . I be tell they support -- the operative ( shutting it off ) Key member of parliament . Key . the mind behind every diplomatic , military and covert operation in the galaxy , and you put they in a room with a psychic . doctor mathias she be ... she read card , nothing more . the operative it 's come to we attention that River become much more unstable , more ... disturb , after you show she off to parliament . do she see something very terrible in that card ? doctor mathias whatever ... secret she might have accidentally glean ... it 's probable she do not even know she know they . that they be bury beneath -- the operative but they be in she . her mind be unquiet . it 's the will of the parliament that I kill she . and the brother . because of you sin . J 11 . the operative ( continue ; move to he briefcase ) you know , in certain older civilized culture , when man fail as entirely as you have , they would throw themselves on they sword . doctor mathias ( feed up ) well , unfortunately I forget to bring a sword to -- the air ring crisply as the operative pull out he sword . the operative the parliament have no further interest in psychics . they represent a threat to the harmony and stability of we Alliance . doctor mathias I would put that down right now if I be you . the operative would you be kill in you sleep , like a ail pet ? whatever you failing , I believe you deserve better than that . the agent move . he slice the throat of the one behind he with true grace , thrust at the second as he 's pull out he gun and pin he hand . a moment , and the die agent reflexively squeeze the trigger , shoot he own arm . the operative pull out the sword and the agent fall as quietly as the first . Mathias bolt but the operative pin he to the wall . he bunch he finger and jab the side of the Doctor 's spine . Mathias stiffen , suddenly , agonizingly immobile . the operative step back , observe the Doctor 's rigid grimace for a moment . almost ceremoniously , he drop to one knee and hold the blade out to one side , hilt to the floor and point tilt toward the doctor . the Doctor stare at it in horror as he paralyze body begin to tip over toward it . the operative turn toward the terrify intern at the door . v0 12 . the operative ( continuing ) Young miss , I will need all the log - on behavioral modification triggers . we will have to reach out to River Tam , and help she to come back to we . no matter how far out Simon have take she , we can -- he 's almost startle when the Doctor 's body drop into frame , slowed suddenly by the sword . it squeak down the blade , the Doctor unable to cry out , as the operative whisper to he : the operative ( continuing ) this be a good death . there 's no shame in this , in a man 's death . a man who 's do fine work . we be make a better world . all of they , better world . Mathias be dead . the operative pull the sword out as the body roll over . as he wipe the sword down : the operative ( continuing ) Young miss , I need you to get to work now . I think I may have a long way to travel . 40 she go . he approach River , very close , stare ... the operative ( continuing ) where be you hide , , little girl ? the noise be suck suddenly out of the room as we black out . m0 serenity 10 13 . become the name paint on the side of a spaceship , with the same in chinese behind it . ext . space , orbiting the moon " lilac " - day we move away from the ship . the name be on the nose , under the bridge . it stick out from the body of the ship like a craning neck . the body be bulbous , with propulsion engine on either side and a giant glow back . there be two small shuttle tuck in over the ' wing ' of the engine . it 's not the sleekest ship in the ' verse , to be sure . as it hit atmo , the propulsion engine take over and she start to rock a bit , noise fill we ear . camera come around the front , at the window and into the bridge , to see the Captain , malcolm ' mal ' reynold , stand and watch . at that moment , a small piece of the nose break off and go fly past the window . int . bridge - continuing [ note : the follow sequence will take we through the ship in one extend steadicam shot . ] the bridge be small : two pilot seat on either side , and a tangle of wire and machinery all about . mal wear the knee-length brown coat and boot of a old independent . gun at he hip . he 's not unlike the ship -- he 's see a bit of the world and it leave he , emotionally at least , weathered . right now , though , he 's mostly startle . mal what be that ? he 's address the pilot , wash . Flight gear and a hawaiian shirt , toy dinosaur populate he station -- no old soldier , but just as startle . wash whoah ! do you see that -- the ship buck -- mal be that the primary buffer panel ? wash it do seem to resemble -- J 14 . mal do the primary buffer panel just fall off my gorramn ship for no apparent reason ? another buck -- wash look like . mal I think kaylee check we entry coupling ! I have a very clear memory of it -- wash yeah well if she do not give we some extra flow from the engine room to offset the burnthrough this landing be gonna get pretty interesting . mal define " interesting " . wash ( calm suggestion : ) " oh god , oh god , we be all gonna die ? " J mal ( hit the com ) this be the Captain . there 's a little problem with we entry sequence ; we may experience slight turbulence and then explode . ( to wash , exite ) can you shave the vector -- wash I be do it ! it 's not enough . ( hit com ) kaylee ! mal just get we on the ground ! wash that part will happen , pretty definitely . J 15 . int . foredeck hall - continuing the camera lead mal down . on either side of the hall be ladder lead down to crew 's personal quarter . the hulk mercenary jayne be come up out of he bunk as mal pass . he carry a number of rifle and grenade . jayne we be gonna explode ? I do not wanna explode . mal jayne , how many weapon you plan on bring ? you only get the two arm ... jayne I just get excitable as to choice , like to have my option open . mal I do not plan on any shoot take place during this job . jayne well , what you plan and what take place be not ever exactly be similar . mal no grenade . ( jayne groan ) no grenade . first mate zoe enter from the lower level . her mode of dress and military deference mark she as a war buddy of mal 's . zoe be we crash again ? mal talk to you husband . be the mule prepped ? zoe good to go , sir . just load she up . ( to jayne ) be that grenade ? jayne cap and do not want them . J 16 . zoe we be robbing the place . we be not occupy it . all that play in the background as we lead mal into the : int . dine room - continuing it 's the communal space of the ship , homey and messy . there be food leave lie on the table . mal swipe a dumpling from a plate , pop it in he mouth as another jolt rock he and send most of the tableware clatter to the floor . mal ( call out ) kaylee ! he enter : int . aft hall / engine room - continuing mal ( still call ) kaylee , what in the sphincter of hell be you play at ? the hall lead to the rust - brown chaos that be the engine room . work around the engine in a forest of wire , spark and smoke be the sweetly pretty mechanic , kaylee . she pass mal with a slightly impatient smile as he stand in the doorway , raise he voice above the din . mal ( continuing ) we get the primary buffer kaylee everything 's shiny , cap and . not to fret . mal you tell I -- ( jolt ) you tell I the entry coupling would hold for another week ! kaylee ( working ) that be six month ago , cap and . mal my ship do not crash . if she crash , you crash she . 17 . steam and electricity shoot at he , back he up . he turn to see Simon behind he . Simon be more seasoned than before , but still contrast the Captain entirely in dress and manner . he be implacably proper . also piss . mal ( continuing ) Doctor . guess I need to get innocked ' fore we hit planetside . Simon nod , the ship jolting again . mal ( continuing ) bit of a rockety ride . nothing to worry about . simon I be not worried . mal fear be nothing to be ashamed of , Doc . simon this be not fear . this be anger . mal 4 ( laugh ) well , it 's kinda hard to tell the one from t'other , face like yours . simon I imagine if it be fear , my eye would be wider . mal I will look for that next time . simon you be not take she . mal ( brush past he ) no no , that 's not a thing I be interested in talk over with -- simon she 's not go with you . that 's final . 4 18 . mal ( turn back ) I hear the word " that 's final " come out of you mouth ever again , they truly will be . ( turn away again ) this be my boat . y'all be guest on it . he head down a side corridor that have step lead down to : int . passenger dorm - continuing Simon be right on he heel as we lead they down the stair . simon guest ? I earn my passage , Captain -- mal and it 's time you little sister learn from you fine example . simon I have earn my passage treat bullet hole , knife wound , laser burn ... mal some of we job be trickier than other -- simon and you want to put my sister in the middle of that . mal do not say ' want ' . Said ' will ' . it 's one job , Doc . she will be fine . the passenger dorm have a time - wear warmth that most of the ship share . except , of course , for the sterile blue of : int . infirmary - continuing into which the two man step . simon she 's a seventeen year old girl . a mentally traumatize sevente -- J 19 . mal she 's a reader . see into the truth of thing ; might see trouble before it 's come . which be of use to I . simon and that 's you guide star , be not it ? what 's of use . mal ( laugh ) honestly , doctor , I think we may really crash this time anyway . Simon jab the inoculation needle into mal 's arm . simon do you understand what I have go through to keep River away from the Alliance ? mal I do , and it 's a fact I and mine have be courteous enough to keep to we own selve . simon be you threaten to -- mal I get one purpose here : keep this boat in the air . I take the job I get -- which be less and less , case you be not be keep track . he start away , Simon still keep pace . mal ( continuing ) every year since the war the Alliance push just a little further out towards the rim . make it a chore for naughty man like we to slip about -- and keep you two on board mean work twice as hard to avoid the law . means turn down a score of honest job . J 20 . int . cargo BAY - continuing they enter the biggest space on the ship . giant door sit at the front , which will open upon landing to reveal a lowering ramp . catwalk surround the space , lead up at the front to the foredeck hall . we have come all the way through serenity . mal so here be we , on the raggedy edge . do not push I and I will not push you . Simon start up the stair as mal call to he : mal ( continuing ) thing get gritty I will keep she from the fray , but she 's come . best you get she ready . as mal walk on , we tilt up to see the mule , a four-man hovercraft hang from chain near the ceiling . jayne and Zoe be toss duffle bag into it . mal ( continuing ) Zoe , be wash gonna straighten this boat out before we get flatten ? zoe like a downy feather , sir . nobody fly like my mister . the camera pick up Simon 's foot as they enter foreground on the catwalk , and track with they to find : simon River ... she 's lie on she side , look straight at we . a loose summer dress drape over she small frame . river I know . we be go for a ride . ext . lilac -- desert gulch - day serenity settles gently down as the cargo bay door open . int . cargo BAY - continuing the chain be hoist back up into the ceiling of the ship . the mule float just above the floor , jayne pile in next to River in the back : 21 . simon now , River , you stay behind the other . if there 's fight you drop to the floor or run away . it 's okay to leave they to die . River put on a huge pair of goggle , look at she brother . river I be the brain of the operation . zoe we should hit town right during Sunday worship . wo not be any crowd . mal if fanty and Mingo be right about the payroll , this could look to be a sunny day for we . simon ( approaching ) Captain , I will ask you one last time ... mal Doctor , I be take you sister under my protection here . if anything happen to she , anything at all , I swear to you I will get very choke up . honestly . there could be tear . he peel out , leave Simon fume . kaylee sidle up to he ... kaylee do not mind the Captain none , Simon . I know he will look out for she . simon it 's amazing . I bring River all the way out to the raggedy edge of the 'verse so she can hide from the Alliance by robbing bank . kaylee it 's just a little Trading Station . they will be back ' fore you can spit . ( as he stalk off ) not that you spit ... 22 . kaylee watch he go , a tad forlorn . ext . lilac - day we see the town sprawle before we , as the mule head in . the town embody the life of folk out here : adobe and wood mix with metal and plastic -- whatever 's on hand to build with . right now the street be mainly empty . ext . trading station - continuing the mule pull up , Zoe hitching it as they speak : jayne what be we hope to find here that equal the worth of a turd ? mal Alliance payroll . there 's peace enforce squad station all about this quadrant . can not use credit out here -- they get to pay they boy in cashy money . which once a month rest here . zoe something about steal from the Alliance just warm a body like whiskey in winter . jayne ( cock he gun ) shiny . let 's be badguy . mal turn back to River . mal you ready to go to work , darlin' ? river there 's no pattern to the pebble here , they be completely random . I try to count they but you drive too fast . hummingbird . mal ( never mind ) right. great . let 's go . int . trading station - day we be in a camera 's eye view , right above the door . J 23 . the door slam open , mal and jayne stride in , Zoe follow and whipping she hogleg right at camera without look . reverse to see the camera be also a small screen with " welcome to lilac " on it for the millisecond before it 's blow to bit . there 's maybe fifteen people in the place : store worker , farm - folk and a couple dirt - poor kid . it 's a combination post- office , general store , bank , and most other thing . mal hand and knee and head bow down ! everybody , now ! two man who appear to be farm folk rush mal and the other . mal draw on the elder one and he stop dead in he track . mal 's gun be long , not unlike Civil War era issue , but very much new in design . the other try to tackle jayne , which be not necessarily a great idea . jayne clothesline he so hard he spin right upside - down -- and jayne grab he by the leg and crack ! -- bounce he head right off the floor , knock he out cold . mal ( continuing ) y'all wanna be look very intently at you own belly button . I see a head start to rise , violence be gonna ensue . the guy who rush mal comply along with everyone else . jayne dump he catch on the floor and rip open he dirty shirt to reveal the purple of a Alliance uniform . jayne look like this be the place . he look up at mal , who motion for Zoe to open the front door . she do , and River step in . angle : river' bare feet -- walk slowly among the hunch - over customer as mal address they . mal you have probably guess we mean to be thieve here , but what we be after be not yours . so let 's have no undue fussing . as he be speak , jayne be scramble to the back office , find the small vault lock . 1410 24 . jayne she 's lock up . River suddenly look around , perturb . close on : a young tough . River look up at Zoe , alarmed , and silently point to the young man . he be slowly reach for the weapon in he belt . he find Zoe 's saw - off nuzzling he cheek . zoe you know what the definition of a hero be ? it 's someone who get other people kill . you can look it up later . he drop he weapon , slide it across the floor . mal move to the Trade agent . haul he up , toss he toward the vault . Zoe and jayne follow . trade agent this be just a crop moon , do not think you will find what you -- mal ( in chinese ) 140 the old man punch in the code . what open be a tiny wall safe . bundle of bill , some scattered coin . unimpressive . jayne and Zoe be behind the captain , peer in . zoe at last . we can retire and give up this life of crime . mal reach in , pull a lever and the floor open , a six foot hole appear , stair lead to a corridor , all gleam metal and blue light . Zoe smile . jayne peer down as mal address the Trade agent . mal be there a feed down there ? be truthful . trade agent ( nodding ) y'all be browncoat , hey ? fought for independence ? vj 25 . mal War 's long do . we be all just folk now . ( call down ) listen up ! we be come down to empty that vault ! the voice of a young Alliance guard come up from below . guard ( o.s. ) you have to give I you authorization password ! jayne impatiently fire a burst of machine - gun fire down into the hole . a beat ... guard ( o . S . ) ( continuing ) okay ... mal look at Zoe and they head down into : int . vault - continuing which be as modern as something off the Central planet . a short corridor lead to a real vault door , that the guard be already open . behind that door , a few bag of the real deal : neatly stack cash , wait to be rob . int . trading station - continuing we move in on River as something cross she face . worry . ext . town - day a woman carry a bucket and she nine year old son be look at the trading station a few building away . son repeater . woman do sound summat like gunblast ... maybe you aught run tell lawman ... she turn and right by she , in the shadow , be a man . mostly . he be hideously disfigure , a combination of self - mutilation and the bubbling red of radiation poisoning . his clothes be rag , he eye pinpoint of glaze madness . a blade blur through frame ... 26 . int . trading station - continuing River scream and flop onto she back , pin by revelation . other look at she , concerned , as jayne make he way to she . jayne what the hell be up ? you all right ? what 's goin ' on ? he hold she , as she whisper , wide - eye ... river reaver . int . vault - moment later Zoe be haul out the last of five bag as mal talk to the guard , hold he gun at he : mal leg 's good , it will bleed plenty and we avoid any necessary organ ... guard I be think more of a graze .. mal well you do not want it to look like you just give up ... jayne ( o.s . ) mal ! mal ( to himself ) every heist , he 's gotta start yell my name -- jayne ( barrel in ) mal ! reaver ! the girl 's pitchin ' a fit . they be here or they be comin ' soon . he be already load up with bag as mal think quickly . mal ( to Zoe and jayne ) get on the mule . ( to the guard , point to the vault ) do that open from the inside ? J 27 . guard whah - ah - yes ... mal you get everyone upstairs in there and you seal it . Long as you get air you do not open up , you understand ? guard I -- buh I -- mal be in he face , dark and huge : mal get they inside the vault . ext . trading station - day the door burst open , jayne and Zoe come out first , mal behind with River in hand . she be freak , in she own space . jayne and Zoe throw the bag on -- mal Zoe take the wheel -- jayne you see them ? anybody see them ? 1j -- and jump on themselves , mal scan the area as he hand River up to jayne 's care . as the craft power up , slowly move , the young man Zoe keep from try to pull he weapon burst out of the station , grab the back of the mule . young man take I with you ! mal get in the vault with the other -- young man I can not stay here ! please ! mal it 's too many . drive , Zoe . a reaver craft roar over they head . it 's nearly the size of serenity . torn apart , belching smoke -- a weld conglomeration of ruin ship , paint for war . predator , pure . it disappear over the rooftop . young man please ! 28 . mal drive ! Zoe 's face be set with unhappy determination as she floor it , shoot out and leave the young man in the dust . as they move from he , four reaver jump out of the shadow and grab the young man . mal unhesitatingly draw he gun . he nudge a lever with he thumb and a cartridge pop back . mal fire twice . the young man take both bullet in the chest , slump down dead . angle : the edge of town as the mule shoot past the last building , we see a skiff shoot out from behind the building of the adjacent street , right abreast of we gang . angle : the CENTER of town we see the church as the first ship and a even larger one come to hover over it , reaver drop down on cable line to swarm into it . ext . desert - continuing the mule and the skiff be book through the rocky terrain . the skiff swing closer , but jayne pepper it with automatic fire and it swing away . there be sporadic return fire . jayne how come they be not blow we out of the air ? mal they wanna run we down . the up - close kill . River be squash down on she back , be very small . river they want we alive when they eat we . jayne Boy , sure would be nice if we have some grenade , do n'tchya think ? mal say nothing , keep fire . zoe wash , baby can you hear I ? vo 29 . int . serenity : bridge - continuing wash be in a frenzy of switchflipp , prepping for take - off . wash we be moment from air . you get somebody behind you ? we intercut wash and Zoe at this point : ext . desert - continuing zoe reaver . wash ( blanching ) zoe we be not gonna reach you in time . wash just keep move , honey . we be come to you . ext . serenity - continuing as she lift off and start head toward the other . ext . desert - continuing Zoe get the mule in front but a harpoon thwin through the air from the skiff and s} NK ! go through jayne 's leg .. the harpoon grip the leg and pull -- jayne go fly off the back of the mule , mal just grab he as the harpoon line reel slowly tighter -- mal grab on ! jayne grab the mule , leg dangle , pull out between the two vessel as mal slam a new cartridge into he pistol . jayne I will not get et ! you shoot I if they take I ! mal steady himself and take aim , seemingly at jayne -- jayne ( continuing ) well do not shoot I first ! J 30 . mal fire . again . steady himself for one more ... the line hold the harpoon be split by mal 's third shot . v0v the mule surge forward as jayne drag on the ground . mal haul he in as River bound into the front to make room . jayne ( continuing ) rutting pig ! where 's -- and River be hold out he weapon before he can ask for it . ext . another part of the desert - continuing serenity rush across the desert floor , not much higher off it than the smaller craft . wash ( to Zoe ) get some distance on them . you come to the flat , I want you to swing round . gonna try a barn swallow . int . bridge - continuing wash hit the com . wash J Simon ! open the load dock ! int . cargo BAY - continuing Simon move next to the huge slide door at the front , hit a couple of button . the door pull open , as the huge ramp beyond they open down , let in a rush of wind and light . ext . desert - continuing the mule reach the flat , away from the rock . wash ( o.s. ) ( in Zoe 's ear ) okay , baby , we have talk this through ... zoe talkin ' be not doin ' . she throw the wheel and the mule come hard about , fishtail slightly as it face the oncoming skiff . wash ( o.s. ) do not slow down ! 31 . angle : the skiff as it head for the mule -- angle : the mule as it head for the skiff -- and serenity swoops down out of the sky , bay door open , and come right up behind it -- the mule swallow by the bigger ship -- int . cargo BAY - continuing and only its forward momentum keep it from be squash as it fly backwards into the bay , narrowly miss Simon and smash back into the staircase , spark and people fly -- ext . desert - continuing serenity try to get altitude -- but slam right into the oncoming skiff , tear it apart -- int . cargo BAY - continuing a flame portion of the top fly in , skid to the floor as small fire erupt from the mule as well -- Simon pull a lever and jet of c02 shoot out of the floor . Simon hit the button to start the outer ramp close , then run to the mule . the c02 stop and he find River sit in she seat , completely unharme . Zoe be climb painfully out of the other seat , mal and jayne both have be throw . simon River ? river I swallow a bug . kaylee run in to see how everyone be . she go to Simon . kaylee be you okay ? mal be he okay ? a bloody reaver pop into frame from under the skiff - top . he lunge for mal , bare sharpen tooth -- mal spin and draw , fire into he belly as jayne and Zoe both fire at the same time . the freak take too long to go down , but down he go . die sit against the 's i op . 4 everybody take a moment to look at each other . 32 . wash ( o.s. ) we all here ? what 's go on ? hello ? r./ zoe ( move to the com ) no casualty . anybody follow ? int . bridge - continuing wash Nice fly , baby , and that 's a negative . clean getaway -- out of atmo in six minute . int . cargo BAY - continuing mal set course for beaumonde . ( to the other ) first thing , I want this bod -- Simon suddenly punch he in the face , cause mal to stumble back , and Simon to shake he hand in pain . mal ( continuing ) simon you stupid , selfish , son of a whore --- mal I be a hair 's breadth from riddling you with hole , Doctor -- simon " one simple job ! she will be fine ! " mal she be fine ! except for bein ' still crazy , she 's the picture of health ! zoe be not for River , we would probably be leave there . she feel them come . simon never again . you understand I ? J 33. mal seem I remember a talk about you give order on my boat . simon well sleep easy ' cause we be off you boat . just as soon as River get she share of the " bounty " . kaylee well let 's not do anything hasty ... mal no , shiny ! I be sick a ' carry tourist anyhow . we will be on beaumonde in ten hour time , you can pick up you earning and be on you merry . meantime you do you job . patch up my crew . a beat . river he do not lie down . they never lie down . she be look at the reaver . everyone do , for a moment . int . foredeck hall - moment later mal and Zoe enter from below . zoe no , I think thing will glide a deal smoother for we without River and Simon on board ... but how long do you think they will last ? mal Doc make he call . they 's as babe in a basket when we take them in ; we shelter them plenty . man have to cut loose , learn to stand on he own . zoe like that man back in town ? they stop by mal be room . mal I have to shoot he . what the reaver woulda do to he before they kill he ... J 34 . zoe I know . that be a piece a ' mercy . but before that , he begging we to bring he along ... vo , mal we could not take the weight . woulda slowed we down . zoe you know that for certain mal mule will not run with five . I shoulda dumped the girl ? or you ? or jayne ? ( considering ) well , jayne ... zoe coulda toss the payload . mal and go to fanty and Mingo with air in we mitt , tell them " here 's you share " ? they would set the dog on we in the space of a twitch , and there we be back in mortal peril . we get a job , we gotta vo make good . Washenter from the bridge . zoe Sir , I do not disagree on any particular point , it 's just ... in the time of war , we woulda never leave a man strand . mal maybe that 's why we lose . she 's not happy with the reply . mal climb down to he room as wash reach Zoe , slide he arm around she . int . mal' room - continuing once alone , mal let he own disappointment show . he pull off he holster and drop it over a chair . kick the toilet close and sit on he bunk . the place resemble a submarine cabin , with chart and clutter , ancient map on the wall . J 35 . mal move a bunch of papers off he bunk and a picture slide out . Hit the floor and start move : it 's a snapshot - movie of : vw - day int . inara' shuttle we be close on a beautiful woman who look at we with amused exasperation . behind she be a opulently dress little shuttle . inara kaylee , be you ever gonna put that capture down ? kaylee ( 0.5 . ) we gotta have record of everything . a bona fide companion entertained client on this very ship ! in this very bed ! the picture pan over to the bed -- which River be bend over and sniff curiously . inara be pack thing up . kaylee ( o.s. ) ( continuing ) for one sweet second , we be almost classy . inara 4 you promise to help I pack . kaylee ( o.s. ) honest , inara , why do you have to leave ? inara shoot a uncertain look at the camera -- and the picture freeze , go back to the beginning . during all this , mal have pick it up . he look at it a moment , toss it aside . look around at nothing much . jayne ( v.0 . ) I do not get it . how 's a guy get so wrong ? int . cargo BAY - later we see the door in the floor slide open , a second set below . Pan to see , for a moment , the dead reaver 's face . kaylee be open the door with a keypad on a cable . jayne drag the corpse closer to the door as he continue : R 36 . jayne ai not logical . cuttin ' on he own face , rapin ' and murdering -- I mean , I will kill a man in a fair fight ... or if I think he 's gonna start a fair fight , or if he bother I , or if there 's a woman , or I be gettin ' pay -- mostly only when I be gettin ' pay . but this reaver ... last ten year they just show up like the boageyman from storey . eat people alive ? where do that get fun ? he dump the body in , she start the door close . kaylee shepherd Book say they be man that reach the edge of space. , see a vasty nothingness and just go bibbledy over it . jayne Hell , I be to the edge . just look like more space . kaylee I do not know . people get awful lonely in the black . like to get addlepate ourselves , we stay on this boat much longer . Captain will drive we all off , one by one . jayne you be just in a whinge cuz that prissy doc be finally disembark . I I say good riddance . he never belong here , and he sister 's no saner than one of they reaver . kaylee that be not even so ! River 's a dear heart and a boon to this crew ! you just do not like she ' cause she can read you mind and everything you think be mean . jayne well , there be that . J 37 . kaylee her and Simon could have a place here . now they be leave we . just like shepherd Book . she look up toward one of the shuttle . kaylee ( continuing ) just like inara ... int . companion training house - day and here she be , move back and down into frame , she eye half close in passion . she settles on a cluster of brocade pillow , and we see another head lowering in for a kiss ... come around to see it 's another lovely young woman -- and that there be a group of ten other watch intently , all in saris , on they knee . two handsome young man with shave head in the back , also on they knee . inara stop before the kiss , smile and come back up . she speak to the girl ( we hear only soft music ) as she reposition the one she 's with , lowering again ; show she the motion of surrender as if it be a dance step . a woman' voice ( v.0 . ) they love you . 410 ext . companion training house - dusk inara look out at the mountain . the space she 's in resemble a tibetan monastery , if slightly more opulent . wide to see she be with sheydra , a somewhat older companion , the woman whose voice we hear . she hand inara a drink . sheydra the girl . they have learn more from you this last month than the rest of we could show they in two year . inara they be very sweet . but they be not companion . sheydra ( wryly ) you have no hope for they ? junk the lot , start anew ? J 38 . inara on sihnon we start training at twelve . year of discipline and preparation before the physical act of pleasure be even mention . most of this girl -- sheydra they be all of good family , the high academic standard -- inara Control . be the first lesson . and the last and this world be not like the Central planet . there be barbarism dress up in the most civil weed . Men of the high rank who do not know the difference between a companion and a common whore . it 's unsafe . sheydra all the more reason the girl look to you . you come out here alone , before the Alliance ever think to establish a House this remote . you have see so much . you be a figure of great romance to they . 4d inara great romance have nothing to do with be a companion , sheydra . you should know better . sheydra I be not the one who have a torrid affair with a pirate . inara nearly spill she drink . inara a who ? with a what ? sheydra ( smiling ) it 's the talk of the House . the girl all trade storey in the dorm at night . inara I do not ... have a pirate ... J 39 . sheydra in one of the storey you make love in a burn temple . I think that 's my favorite . inara ( sitting ) this be unbearable . Captain reynold be no pirate ; he 's a petty thief . and he never laid a finger on I . all he ever do be rent I a shuttle and be very annoying . ( mutter in chinese ) sheydra a year on he shuttle and he never laid a finger on you . no wonder you leave . inara ( bridling ) I leave because -- go away . we be no longer friend . you be a stranger to I now . sheydra 104 I do love to watch you boil . do not worry . the storey will fade . and you Captain reynold have probably get himself blow up by this time . inara ( look away again ) yes . that would be just like he . ext . beaumonde : atoll plaza - evening serenity touch down on the crowded atoll amidst a number of other , equally disreputable ship . the place be fill with every kind of immigrant culture and shop imaginable . ext . / int . serenity - evening the ramp be open and everyone be filing out , ready to hit the town . kaylee be talk to Simon , who have River in hand . kaylee do not talk to the barker -- only the captain . ( more ) 40 . kaylee ( cont would ) you look the captain in the eye , know who you be deal with . 40 simon • I wish there be ... since he do not know what to say , she rattles on : kaylee you should not aughta be so clean . it 's a dead giveaway you do not belong , you always gotta be tidy . do not pay anybody in advance . and do not ride in anything with a capissen 38 engine , they fall right out of the sky . simon kaylee . she turn and head off . Simon start in the other direction , but River look after she and the other . simon ( continuing ) River ... do you want to stay with they ? 4 river it 's not safe . simon no , I fear it 's not safe anymore . he 's head off and do not hear : river for they . int . the maidenhead - continuing we start on a corvue screen , show a news report . on the screen be a shot of the town we gang rob , now half of it a smoking ruin . newsperson ( v.o. ) that it be a band of reaver remain unconfirm . the only survivor of the massacre apparently lock themselves in the Trade Station vault until -- 40 41 . during this we come around to see that the screen have a blink light behind it , come through the wiring of the back to look out at the bar , with the word " recording " in the corner . every screen be a camera , even down here . 40 we pick up mal and kaylee head down into the bar . cut away from the camera 's view , we can look two storey straight down as they go , to a close group of dark table and booth and a second screen play in the corner . mal it 's not my fault the Doc 's get no stomach for rim live -- kaylee it be entirely and for all you fault ! if you would give Simon a moment , just a moment where he do not think you be gonna throw they off or turn they in , he might have -- mal what ? swept you into he cleanly arm ? make tidy love to you ? they have reach the guncheck , where jayne and wash have already check they gun . it work like a lunch automat : mal stick he gun in a drawer , pull out a chit -- the q0 drawer close and rotate , revealing another empty one . a large bouncer with a shockrod watch impassively . kaylee ( as they continue down ) do not you dare joke ! you know how much I pine on Simon . and he fair sweet on I , I well believe , but he 's so worried about be find out -- zoe Captain do not make them fugitive . kaylee but he coulda make them family ! steada drive they off . steada keep Simon from seein ' I be there , when I carry such a torch and we coulda -- goin ' on a year now I be not have nothin ' twixt my nether be not run on battery ! 40 42 . mal oh god ! I can not know that ! jayne 40 I could stand to hear a little more ... kaylee if you have a care for anybody 's heart you woulda -- mal ( enough ) you know he be gonna leave . we never be but a way station to that two . and how do you know what he feel ? he 's get River to worry on but he still coulda show you ... if I truly want someone bad enough , would not be a thing in the 'verse could stop I from go to she . kaylee tell that to inara . for a moment , mal be too shocked to react . kaylee storm out . mingo 4 domestic trouble ? mingo be young , tough -- somewhere between a gangster and a fur-trader . sound lower-class british , or something like it . fanty domestic trouble ? fanty move out from behind Mingo to reveal that he be Mingo 's identical twin . apart from slight difference in dress , they be indistinguishable . mingo ' Cause we do not wanna interrupt . fanty a man should keep he house in order . mal ( greet they each ) Mingo . fanty . 14 43. mingo ( point at he brother ) he 's Mingo . , do mal he 's fanty . you be Mingo . mingo ghahh ! how be it you always know ? mal fanty 's prettier . ( pull out a chair ) feel to do some business ? mingo ( be : mal be gang ) bit crowded , be not it ? as you see , we come unencumber by thug . mal which mean at least four of the guy already in here be yours . all 's one . I will just keep jayne with I . zoe Sir , be you sure you do not -- 4 mal go. go get yourselves a nice romantic meal . wash that be my two favorite word ! ( to Zoe ) honey ... " meal ... " mal ( to Zoe ) it 's business . we be fine . they leave and the four remain man sit . fanty toss a few coin to a saloon - girl , who do a little fan-dance ... angle : the corvue camera' Pov of the man be conveniently block by she little dance . mal 's foot nudge a duffel bag of money to Mingo 's foot . mingo quite a crew you have get . 4 44 . mal yeah , they be a fine bunch of rueben . mingo how you keep they on that crap boat be the subject of much muse tween I and fanty . fanty we go on and on . mal so I be notice . be there a problem I do not know of ? you get 25 % of a sweet take kissing you foot , how come we be not disperse ? fanty we end be forty , precious . jayne my muscular buttock it 's forty -- mingo it be as of now . find anyone around go cheaper . J fanty find anyone around go near a sorry lot like you in the first instance . angle : river have enter , be look about . jayne see she , nudge mal , who look and turn back to business . we stay on she as she wander around the perimeter of the bar , vaguely listen in on mal 's deal . fanty ( continuing ) you be unlikable , mal . you get no respect for we above you , you get enemy in every quadrant , and you ship 's older than the start point of time . you 's charity case to such as we . 45 . mal well here 's a foul think . I conjure you two be incompetent ; send we out not know there be v0 reaver about . now I be think you pick we out because you do . mingo that be a sign of faith , boy . and it do not affect we forty per . danger be , after all , you business . jayne reaver be not business , double dickless . this be all background noise to River , who have move to the cv screen , on which be a commercial . it 's animated , goofy , cartoon animal and anime-style asian girl all transform to insane fantasy figure as they sing about : commercial fruity oaty bar , pow ! hey ! fruity bar , make a man of a mouse , make you bust out you blouse , eat they now , bang ! ping ! zow ! -- try fruity , oaty bar . we push in , the light from the cv on River 's face , push to extreme close up , all noise but the jingle fade out , finally that as well , just the hum in River 's ear . and she whisper : river miranda . she turn and look back at the crowd . what happen next happen very fast . she stride silently to the first table -- two man drink quietly -- and she slam she foot into one 's face , then whip it back into the other 's , knock they both unconscious as -- people be turn , just register that this girl -- kick the table into a card player even as she sweep a bottle off it behind she -- the bottle hit a man behind she square in the face , a man she never even look at -- people be rise , flee or push forward -- v0 46 . mal River ... jayne v0 whuhuh ? she 's take out a group of four , high kick and perfect precision -- two man come from either side , one whipping out a knife -- she do a perfect split , grab he wrist above she head , use he momentum to stab the other one -- mal fight to get back to the gunrack . the bouncer reach she and she wrest he shockrod from he , use it on he , on fanty and Mingo -- the fan-dancer be bolt and River hurl the rod at she head , knock she cold ... she 's everywhere . on table , chair , under you leg , use the room itself to take out every single person there . one man hide behind a wall -- impossibly , she swing she leg around the corner and nail he face . jayne grab she from behind -- jayne ( continuing ) gorrammit , girl , it 's I ! she grab he crotch and squeeze -- he grip loosen and she spin , face he , and flat-heel he nose with she palm , v0 twirling into a gut kick that double he over , dispatch of another while she crack jayne 's head with a small table -- somebody pull a gun and she snap he elbow , cause he to scream out even before he shoot himself in the gut -- mal frantically wrest a gun from the vend locker as River knock the other guy 's gun in the air , kick someone else and then catch it , whip it around just as mal come up with he , they be point right at each other -- simon eta kooram Nah smech ! and River drop to the ground , fast asleep . there be a beat . mal look around the bar . he and Simon , who have run up to the entrance , be the only one stand . he look down at River . she lie unconscious , helpless . mal I think maybe we ought to leave . 10 47 . ext . space - night we see two sleek warship glide silently into frame , follow by a third , bigger ship . this be the operative 's vessel , and 10 it be everything serenity be not : sleek , predatory , icy cool . int . the operative's ship - bridge - continuing the operative be look at the maidenhead security feed -- and River be stare right at he . the operative ( captivate ) hello again . yes , it 's I . I be glad you have finally ask for I . a ensign be reveal look at a separate monitor : ensign we get a pos on a retinal -- man carry she out be malcolm reynold , captain a firefly - class transport ship , " serenity " . bound by law five time , smuggle , tariff dodge ... not convict . nothing here that would -- the operative the ship . the name of the ship . 10 ( softly ) crossref . malcolm reynold . serenity . he look over at the ensign with a small , strange smile on he lip -- as he glass be cover by text . ensign Sir ? the operative serenity Valley . bloodiest battle of the entire war . the independent hold the valley for seven week , two of they after they high command have surrender . 68 % casualty rate . ensign of course , Sir , I just do not -- the operative there . 4 48 . his glass stop scrolling and mal 's military file open , a picture of mal in one lens . the operative 140 ( continuing ) if the fed ever bother to crossref justice file with war record ... yes. we Mr. reynold be a sergeant , 57th overlander . volunteer . fought at serenity till the very last . this man be a issue . this man hate we . ensign first mate Zoe washburn , formerly corporal Zoe alleyne , also in the 57th . career army , look like . the operative she 's follow he far ... give I the crew , register passenger -- we Captain be a passionate man , no room there for subtlety . he 's bound to have some very obvious ... close on : the lens of he glass . on it be a slowly move picture of inara . the operative - 40 ( continue ) . weakness ... int . storage locker - night River be still asleep , mal finish chain she wrist . she lie on she side , breathe evenly . mal stare at she a moment , then : int . dine room - continuing he exit to find the whole group wait for he , san wash . simon May I see she ? mal she 's still napping just now . and I believe you have get some storytelling to do . 4 49 . wash ( entering ) we be out of atmo , plotted for Haven . no one follow as of yet . kaylee Haven ? we be gonna see shepherd Book ? mal ( nodding ) we get to lay low . and I could fair use some spiritual guidance right about now . ( to Simon ) I be a lose lamb ; what in hell happen back there ? wash start with the part where jayne get knock out by a ninety pound girl . ' Cause I do not think that 's ever get old . zoe do we know if anyone be kill ? mal it 's likely . I know she mean to ad kill I ' fore the Doc put she to sleep , which how exactly do that work anyhow ? simon safeword . ( beat ) the people who help I break River out -- they have intel that River and the other subject be be embed with behavioral conditioning . they teach I a safeword , in case ... something happen . kaylee not sure I get it . simon a phrase that 's encode in she brain , that make she fall asleep . if I speak the word , " eta -- 4 50 . jayne ( jump back ) well do not say it ! moo zoe it only work on she , jayne . jayne oh . well , now I know that . mal " in case something happen . " simon what ? mal you feel to elaborate on what that something might be ? I mean they teach you that fancy safeword , they must have figure she be gonna , what -- start uncontrollably crochet ? simon they never say what -- mal and you never do ask . mal grab he and throw he against the wall , in he face . mal ( continuing ) eight month . eight month you have she on my boat know full well she might go monkeyshit at the wrong word and you never say a thing -- simon I bring she out here so they could not get to she , I do not even know how they -- mal my ship . my crewi you have a gorramn timebomb live with we ! int . storage locker - continuing River 's eye open . v0 51 . int . dine room - continuing mal what if she go off in the middle woo of dinner , or in bunk with kaylee , do that give you a moment 's pause ? Simon look at kaylee , the truth of mal 's word hit he . simon I think she be get better . jayne and I think they be gettin ' off ! ( off look ) do not we have a intricate plan how they be gonna be not here anymore ? kaylee we could not leave they now ... jayne no , now that she 's a ... killer woman we ought be bringin ' them tea and dumpling ! ( to mal ) in earnest , mal : why would you bring she back on ? 4 mal look at jayne , at all of they . do not have a answer . simon May I see she . mal step aside . Simon enter the locker . jayne she go woolly again , we be gonna have to put a bullet to she . int . storage locker - continuing River mouth the next word right along with mal : int . dine room - continuing mal it 's cross my mind . wash can I make a suggestion that do not involve violence , or be this the wrong crowd ? J 52 . zoe honey ... wash v0 fanty and Mingo might be come hard down on we , or the law ... or maybe nobody could be bung about a little social brawl . we need to get we bearing . I think we need to talk to Mr. Universe . ext . space - night the camera swoops in at a sparking ion cloud , then through the cloud at a barren , metallic satellite moon . then further in to reveal a sprawling -- and completely empty -- communication complex . giant satellite dish everywhere . int . mr universe be hq - continuing Inside , we find a unkempt young man . also sleep - deprive , over - caffeinate and kinda sweet . this be mr universe . he be alone but for he mannikin-like Love -bot , lenore . he 's surround by screen , computer , feed -- machinery that look both ultra-modern and long neglect . all the screen play different image -- it 's a mediaverse . int . bridge - continuing a0 as he watch the security feed of River 's fight he image become a vidscreen . he 's address wash , mal and Zoe . we intercut between the two space : mr universe oh , this be good . this be ... ( giggle ) . she 's beat up all the burly man and I be have a catharsis , it 's happen right now , you guy always bring I the very best violence . you think you be in a hot place ? wash that 's what we be look to learn . be there any follow up , a newswave ... 4 53. mr universe there be no " news " , there 's the truth of the signal , what I see , and there 's the puppet theatre the v0 parliament 's jester foist on the somnambulant public . monkey teach to say the word " monkey " -- lead story on 32 planet . but the slum riot on Hera , not a -- mal what about this ? do this make the ... puppet theatre ? mr universe no sir . and no lawforce flag , either -- I hadda go into the security feed direct ... mal you can do that ? mr universe can not stop the signal , mal . everything go somewhere and I go everywhere . Security feed be a traipse to access -- and I be not the first one in , this have print on it -- oh ! look at she go ! a0 everyone be get bruise and contusion . contoooosion . zoe ( to mal , over that ) so somebody else have be feed this . that do not like I too well . mr universe Zoe , you sultry minx , stop fall in love with I . you be just gonna embarrass yourself . I have a commitment to my lovebot , it be a very beautiful ceremony , lenore write she own vow , I cry like a baby , a hungry , angry baby . ( be : screen ) and she fall asleep . which , she would be sleepy . J 54 . mal can you go back ? see if anybody speak with she ' fore she act up , - 40 make any kind of contact with she ... Mr Universe work the screen . the image rewind and stop on River come up to it , look at it . she whisper the word , " miranda " , and start to move away . mal ( continuing ) miranda ...? go back further . mr universe no .. he pull another screen close , start work that one . match timecode , he pull up the commercial . mal um ... please ? Mr Universe have a third screen show the commercial as ( non-matrixy ) well -- and it start break down , burst of code show through . as he do so : mr universe Friends and potential lover , I 4 do have good news and I have the other kind . good be you be very smart . someone be talk to she . wash the oaty bar ? mal subliminal . it 's a subliminal message broadwave to trigger she . mr universe ( nodding ) I be see this code pop up all over , last few week . and I can not crack it . it 's Alliance and it 's high military , so here then be the bad . someone have go to enormous trouble to find you little friend . and find she they have . mal , Zoe and wash look at each other . 40 55 . mr universe ( continuing ) do you all know what it be you be carry ? W int . storage locker - night River stare at we , impassive , as the camera pull away from she to reveal Simon , who be clean blood off she face . river they be afraid of I . simon I be sorry ... river they should be . what I will show they ... oh God ... she start tear up , breathe faster ... Simon run he hand through she hair . simon it 's okay , it 's okay ... river ( somewhere else ) show I off like a dog , old man cover in blood , it never touch they but they be drown in it ... so much loss ... I do not know what I be say . I never know what I be say ... simon you say something . when you be trigger , do you remember ? the Captain see you say something on the feed ... river miranda . simon miranda . river ( laugh bitterly ) ask she . she will show you all . 40 56 . simon show we what ? who be miranda ? ( beat ) be I ... talk to miranda now ? nw� she shoot he a look . river I be not a multiple , dumbo . simon no. right . but I think somehow when they trigger you it bring this up , this memory -- river it be not mine . the memory . I do not bring it and I should not have to carry it , it be not mine . ( urgently : ) do not make I sleep again . simon I will not . river put a bullet to I . bullet in the brain pan , squish . simon do not say that . not ever . we will get through this . she reach out and touch he face , affectionately . river thing be go to get much much worse . simon well , the Captain have not toss we in the airlock , so I would say we be -- river he have to see . more than anyone ... he have to see what he do not want to . simon River . what will miranda show we . she think . vd 57 . river death . simon whose death ? and she start laugh . quietly at first , then louder , then almost uncontrollably , scream in he face : river everybody be !!! smash CUT to : Black silence . int . cave - day it 's pitch black here , till serenity 's light throw a hard relief on the rocky wall . she fly in after , slow and steady , revealing herself to be in a huge mineshaft . book ( o.s. ) Lord , I be walk you way . angle : the ramp lower to reveal shepherd book , a work - class preacher and former crew member . he smile as they come out to meet he : noo book ( o.s . ) ( continuing ) let I in , for my foot be sore , my clothes be rag . ext . mining camp - day we see the camp : a few shack and a work mine , as we group come down to it , greet by a few miner , include a eight year old boy that rush to kaylee ... angle on : a cannon mount at the edge of town . the guy man it see they arrive , also go to greet they . int . community kitchen - night we see the gang sit and eat . comfortable , even laugh a bit . jayne present Book with a couple of cigar . kaylee hoist the boy on she lap . book ( o.s . ) look in my eye , Lord , and my sin will play out on they as on a screen . read they all . 4 58 . ext . mining camp - night mal approach Book on the edge of a rise overlook the town . mal have a bowl and chopstick . Book be finish : v0 book forgive what you can , and send I on my path . I will walk on , until you bid I rest . mal hope that be not for I , shepherd . book ( lighting a cigar ) it 's prayer for the dead . mal then I really hope it be not for I . book it 's for the man River might have kill in that bar . mal be not River that do it , you know that . somebody decide she brain be just another piece of property to take , fence it right vd up . book you get a plan ? mal hiding be not a plan ? book it will do you for a spell , and the folk here will be glad of the extra coin ... mal . but they will be come . Alliance be after this girl with a powerful will . I look to hear the tromp of they boot any moment . v0 59 . book you will not . ( off mal 's look ) this be not a palm - up military mw run , mal . no report broadwave , no warrant ... much as they want she , they want she hide . that mean close file . means a operative , which be trouble you have not know . mal I coulda leave she there . int . storage locker - night as he continue , we see a image of he watch over the sleep girl , he mind , racing . mal ( o.s. ) I have a out -- hell , I have every reason in the 'verse to leave she lay and haul anchor . ext . mining camp - continuing book not you way , mal . v0 mal I have a way ? ( thinks ) be that better than a plan ? book you can play the thug all you want , but there 's more to you than you be ever like to 'fess . mal you just think that ' cause my eye be all sorrowful and pretty . book only one thing be gonna walk you through this , mal. belief . mal sermon make I sleepy , shepherd . I be not look for help from on high . that 's a long wait for a train do not come . 1490 60 . book when I talk about belief , why do you always assume I be talk about God ? W ( mal have no response ) they will come at you sideways . as he continue , we see : ext . companion training house - day inara stand wait , she back to we , in front of the very vista we first see she before . the operative come slowly up the staircase , stand before she . book W. ( v.0 . ) it 's how they think : sideways . it 's how they move . sidle up and smile , hit you where you be weak . ext . mining camp - continuing book sorta man they be like to send believe hard . kill and never ask why . mal it 's of interest to I how much you seem to know about that world . book I be not bear a shepherd , mal . mal have to tell I about that some time . book ( look out ) no I do not . he walk away , offer this : book ( continuing ) sideway . mal watch he go , think . 40 61 . ext . classroom - day the teacher from the very beginning be stand in front of River , whose desktop screen depict a single , dark planet . teacher River ? eight -year-old River be work away , not pay attention . teacher ( continuing ) River , you look tired . I think everybody 's a little tired by now ; why do not we all lie down . River look up , scared . all the other child wordlessly get up from they seat and lie on the floor next to they . teacher ( continuing ) a little peace and quiet will make everything better . she start to lie down herself , right on the grass . river no ... vao teacher River . do as you be tell . it 's go to be fine . lie down . river no ! int . storage locker - night River start awake . int . mal' room - continuing mal do too , shirtless on he bunk . mal whuh huh nuhwhat ? wash ( 0.s. ) ( for the third time ) mal ! you up ? get a wave . I be a bounce it down to you . he pop up , turn to the screen as the white noise become : 1400 62 . mal inara . reverse on : inara on mal 's screen . we see she from about chest level up . she , presumably , see the same . inara ? mal . I uh , be this a bad time mal good as any . inara please tell I you be wear pants . mal ( slight grin ) nake as the day I come cryin' . how 's you world ? inara cold . it 's autumn here . mal still at the train House ? inara right where you leave I . mal I remember it as nice enough . picturesque . inara it be that . what about you ? mal ons still fly . so what occasi the wave ? not that to see you be not ... well you look very int . bridge - continuing watch both mal and inara on two Zoe and wash be secretly at they formal shyness . different screen , smile jayne enter , wonder what 's up ... 63. int . mal' room - continuing inara oh . thank you , I ... I guess we have something of a problem here . with the local , I think maybe ... mal you could use a gun hand ? inara I be hope not . but if you be close at all , you -- the crew -- could take you ease here a while ... and there would be payment ... mal payment be never not a factor . I could sound out the crew ... this pot like to boil over soon ? inara soon . not right away . mal well , it would be , I mean I would like to ... kaylee 's be miss you something fierce -- int . bridge - continuing there be a general groan among the audience , which now include kaylee as well ... kaylee oh they be so pathetic ! int . mal' room - continuing inara I miss she too . I even miss my shuttle , occasionally . mal yeah , you leave a ... get some of you stuff in a trunk , never do get a chance to drop it off . inara oh . mal I do not look through the ... stuff ... just sundry I expect . 64 inara smile blandly , nod . a awkward beat . mal ( continuing ) well , it 's kind of late where I be at . I will send a wave as soon as I can . inara thank you . she disappear . mal think a moment . int . bridge - moment later mal come up in , buttone he shirt . wash inara . Nice to see she again . zoe so , trap ? mal trap . zoe we goin ' in ? moo mal it be not but a few hour out ... wash yeah , but , remember the part where it 's a trap ? mal if that 's the case , then inara 's already catch in it . she would not set we up willing . might be we get a shot at see who 's turn this wheel . we go in . kaylee how can you be sure inara do not just wanna see you ? sometimes people have feeling -- I be refer here to people ... mal y'all be watch , I take it . guilty glance . 4 65 kaylee yes . mal 140 you see we fight ? kaylee no . mal trap . ext . serenity - day the ship move gracefully over the mountain . int . bridge - continuing wash we be about seventy mile from the train house . and nobody on radar ... if the Alliance be about , they be lay low . mal they be about . find we a home . I will take the shuttle in closer . Zoe , ship be yours . 4do he start out , turn back to Zoe . mal ( continuing ) remember : if anything happen to I , or you do not hear from I within the hour ... you take this ship and you come and rescue I . zoe what ? and risk my ship ? mal ( exiting ) I mean it . it 's cold out there . I do not wanna get leave . ext . serenity - day she be nestle in a gorge , overhange rock all but bury she from view . the shuttle on the right lift off from the side of the ship and glide off , keep low . 4 66 . ext . companion training house - day a line of young trainee file by in robe and red shawl pull over they head -- one trainee a good deal larger than the other . int . inara' room - later she be kneel in front of a statue of buddha , lighting a few incense stick . the room be sparsely lush -- not as opulent as the shuttle where she entertained man , but still beautifully furnish and drape . a lace curtain hang in front of the light , casting its pattern in shadow over everything . include the rather large figure in a red shawl who kneel beside inara . mal dear buddha , please send I a pony , and a plastic rocket , and -- I nar.a mal ! what be you do here ? mal you invite I . inara I never think for a second you would be stupid enough to come ! mal well that make you kind of a tease , do not it ? inara you know my invitation be not on the level -- mal which lead I to the conclusion that you must be in some trouble . inara I be fine ! I 'm. giddy . mal for a woman school in tell man what they wanna hear , you be not much of a liar . inara mal , you can not handle this man . - 40 67 . the operative ( entering ) I have to say , I be impressed that you would come for she yourself . lw� and that you would make it this far in that outfit . mal ( stand ) I can be very graceful when I need to . the operative I have no doubt . mal shed he shawl and robe . inara kneel at the alter , pick out another incense stick . mal what be you do ? inara I be praying for you , mal . the operative that 's very thoughtful . but I mean it when I say you be not in any danger . mal speak you piece . the operative I think you be beginning to understand how dangerous River Tam be . mal she be a mite unpredictable . mood swing , of a sort . the operative it 's worse than you know . mal it usually be . the operative that girl will rain destruction down on you and you ship . she 's a albatross , Captain . 4 68 . mal Way I remember it , albatross be a ship 's good luck ... till some idiot kill it . ( to inara ) yes , I have read a poem . try not to faint . the operative move further into the room . whenever he move , mal counter . the operative I have see you war record . I know how you must feel about the Alliance . mal you really do not . the operative Fair to say . but I have to hope you understand you can not beat we . mal I get no need to beat you . I just wanna go my way . the operative and you can do that , once you let I take the girl back home . give I the opportunity to help you . mal all I gotta do be let you take one more thing away from I . I have have a lot of thing take in my time . and it may just be that this be one too many . the operative this psychotic , potentially murderous girl who can not have the slight awareness of you protection . this be where you " draw the line " . mal well I be a whimsical soul . the operative there 's a number of life that hang in the balance here . live under you care . be they as whimsical as yourself ? 69 . mal I get no notion that I be be heroical at all . any more than I think you be really just a harmless bureaucrat come to help I out . you move like a killer . the operative be stop by this . unhappily , he continue : the operative I have a warship in deep orbit , Captain . we lock on to serenity 's pulse beacon the moment you hit atmo . I can speak a word and send a missile to that exact location inside of three minute . mal pull a small device , clipped wire stick out all around it , and toss it to the operative . mal you do that , best make peace with you dear and fluffy lord . the operative pulse beacon . mal advice from a old tracker : you J wanna find someone , use you eye . the operative how long do you think you can really run from we ? mal oh , a jack -rabbit , I . ' side , I never credit the Alliance with a over - abundance of brain . and if you be the best they get ... the operative Captain reynold , I should tell you so that you do not waste you time : you can not make I angry . inara oh please . spend a hour with he . mal smile -- then glare at inara , mouth " hey ! " 70 . the operative I need she , Captain . River be ... my purpose and I will gather she to I . the brother as well . whatever else happen be incidental . in the great scheme . mal why be it that the great scheme always make everything not that great ? the operative I want to resolve this like civilized man . I be not threaten you . I be unarm . mal great ! he draw and shoot the operative in the chest . the operative go down as mal grab inara , move for the-doorway . the operative be on he in a second , choke -hold from behind . the operative I be of course wear full body armor . I be not a moron . he toss mal hard against a wall , spin and block a blow from inara -- she be clearly train in martial art , but he flat-heel she to the ground within second . mal be go for he gun again , turn , and the operative kick he in the face , send he back , gun fly . mal get to he foot and they square off . mal breathe hard , nose drip blood . the operative perfectly poise , wait . mal no back up ? we be make a awful ruckus ... the operative they will come when they be need . mal I would start whistling . the operative Captain , what do you think be go to happen here ? they come at each other . the operative be the much better train -- he 's fluid , he blow sparse and deadly . 40 71 . mal be more bluster and determination , and the operative 's precision be wear mal down . mal punch wild -- the operative counter with a spin-kick v0 to the head that send mal to the ground not far from inara , breathe hard . he try to rise again , painfully , but inara place she hand on he arm . the operative go to he briefcase by the door , pull out he sword . his face have take on that remote kind of fascination as he look at it . the operative ( continuing ) nothing here be what it seem . inara I know . the operative he 's not the plucky hero . the Alliance be not some evil empire . this be not the grand arena . inara and that 's not incense . he turn to look : the incense stick burn away -- rather like a fuse -- and flash in a explosion of light and sound . 40 it 's a flash - bomb : the operative sail back as everything go smoky white and the sound die to a tiny buzz . the operative try to get he bearing -- and four armored soldier be in he face , ask he for order ... mal and inara be go . he motion for the man to follow they . the operative just a flash bomb . go! go ! int . companion training house - continuing inara lead mal ( who be reholstering he gun ) down some step and along a corridor . the sound be still tinny and weird . mal . I have he ... inara what ? mal ( deafly loud ) I think that I be win ! 4 72 . ext . side of mountain , by mal' shuttle - day mal and inara move quickly down the mountain . they look to see that mal 's shuttle have four Alliance guard wait by v0 it . mal duck back out of sight , pull a fancy - look grenade out of he pocket . pop the top and hurl it over at the foursome . close on : the grenade , as a series of bar of light go out one by one , count down -- alliance soldier grenade ! everybody dive for cover . the moment they do , mal and inara race into the shuttle , mal sweeping up the grenade just as the last light go out and nothing happen . one soldier turn to look and mal shoot he back down as the door shut on he and inara . int . shuttle - continuing inara push into the pilot 's seat . inara hang on to something . mal 4 you sure you remember how it -- he nearly fall over as : ext . mountain range - continuing the shuttle shoot straight up , spin and head out . int . shuttle - continuing inara stare straight ahead , relax she grip on the control . mal be go . inara I tell you to hang on . mal ( o.s. ) ( in great pain ) I be fine ... ext . space - later we be below serenity as she bay door be close , six little object float out of she belly like roe . 4 73 . this object be roughly the size of pony - keg , and clearly home - make , part weld together almost haphazardly . they all spark silently to life -- and shoot off in six different direction , as serenity herself fire up she firefly effect and burn away from we . int . companion training house - day the operative sip tea and rub he temple . the operative ( into a com ) forget the pulse beacon , there have to be another way to track the ship -- get a read on the nav sit . it 's a register transport , you must be able to locate -- ensign ( o.s. ) Sir ? the operative have you find a nav sit trajectory ? ensign ( o.s. ) Sir ... we have find seven . the operative look more unhappy than angry . the operative ( to himself ) do he think this be a game ? ext . classroom - day the teacher and student sleep as River -- as we see she in the institute , older , with blood seeping from the needle - hole in she head -- make she way through they . slowly she walk to the float lecture screen . on it be the solar system , glow line connect all the star and planet . she become wide - eye , breathe hard as it push in to one system , one planet ... she look over to one side of the tent , and we see : int . lab - continuing her Pov be of the lab . there stand some five older man in formal dress . they stare at she , impassive . we see flash of corpse , lie in house , in city street -- and a reaver 's scream face -- .00 74 . int . storage locker - day and River awaken . a moment to get she bearing , then she eye narrow with intent . inara ( v.0 . ) we have every reason to be afraid . int . passenger dorm - continuing jayne why , ' cause this guy beat up mal ? that be not so hard -- mal he do not beat I up -- inara because he 's a believer . int . the operative's ship , a dark cabin as inara continue , we see : fanty and Mingo , tie to chair . Light spill onto they bruise face as the operative enter . inara ( v.0 . ) he 's intelligent , methodical and devout in he belief that kill River be the right thing to do . int . passenger dorm - continuing inara I honestly think the only reason we have not be blow out of the air be that he need to see she . simon need to see she why ? inara I be uncertain . I would say to be sure of the kill , but ... I just know he will kill we all to get to she . jayne so no hope of a reward , huh ? zoe do he mention a deal of any kind ? iwo 75 . mal ( look at Simon ) give the two of they up . go my way . jayne which you be all ready to do not a day ago . what go sour ? mal cut they loose be not the same as hand they over . jayne that so ? ' Cause the corpse I be about to become be have trouble tell the difference . simon ( to inara ) do he say anything about a " miranda " ? inara what be that ? mal do not know who or what , but it 's on River 's mind . conjure it might be the reason he 's after she . inara you think maybe it pose some kind of threat to the Alliance ? wash do we care ? be we caring about that ? jayne you dumbass hog , the only people she 's a threat to be we on this boat ! int . storage locker - continuing River be near the ceiling , keep herself up in a split again , foot against the wall . there be a wire mesh cover to the light , and she have bent part of it out , be work it inside the lock of she shackle . 76 . int . passenger dorm - moment later mal look , we get back to Haven in a 'r / few hour time -- jayne hiding under the shepherd 's skirt , that 's a manful scheme -- mal you wanna run this ship ? jayne yes ! mal ( small beat ) well you can not ! jayne do a damn sight better job and you . get we lash over a couple of stray ... ( to Simon ) no offense , Doc , I think it 's noble as a grape the way you look to River , but she be not my sister ( to mal ) and she be not you crew . oh , and neither be she exactly helpless ! so where 's it writ we gotta lay down we life for she , which be what you have steer we toward . mal I do not start this . jayne no , the Alliance start the war -- and then you volunteer . Battle of serenity , mal : besides Zoe here , how many -- ( mal turn away ) -- I be talkin ' at you -- how many man in you platoon come out of there alive ? mal stare at he . zoe ( dead cold ) you wanna leave this room . 77 jayne you be damn right I do . he stalk upstairs . there 's a quiet moment . inara this be not the war , mal . mal turn , eyeing she . mal be you tell I that because you think I do not know -- inara you come to the training house look for a fight . mal I come look for you . inara I just want to know who I be deal with . I have see too many version of you to be sure . mal I start fight a war I guarantee you will see something new . to mal walk out into the cargo bay , inara follow , over : simon we will get off . River and I will get off at Haven and find some -- kaylee nobody 's say that . wash nobody besides jayne be say that . int . cargo BAY - continuing inara try to catch up to -- inara mal . 10 78 . mal ( turning ) I get no answer for you , inara . I get no rudder . wind blow 40 northerly , I go north . that 's who I be . maybe that be not a man to lead but they have to follow so you wanna tear I down do it inside you own mind . 0 inara I be not try to tear you down -- D mal but you fog thing up . you always have -- you spin I about . I wish like hell you be elsewhere . inara I be . int . dine room - continuing jayne be look at the storage locker door . a beat . jayne he move to the aft hall , shut and lock the door . go 40 back to the locker and start to unlock it , pull he gun . jayne ( continuing ) no trouble now , little crazy person ... we be go for a nice I shuttle ride -- he open the door and she be on he in a instant , whip blow to the throat , the nose -- he fire wildly as she jump on he , wrap she arm around he neck and topple he back -- int . aft hall - moment later the crew enter , draw by the shot . mal be first -- can not open the door . look in to see a unconscious jayne ... mal the other way ! find she and - do not engage ! everyone pile out the other way . Simon remain , to look in the window . 10 79 . angle : simon be Pov : there be jayne , not move -- and River pop up right in front of we . he start , then wait as she open the door . no simon it 's gonna be oka -- she elbow he throat viciously . he drop to he knee , shocked and gasp , as she spin-kick he to the ground . he do not move . she look at he a moment , then take off . int . cargo BAY - moment later mal be throw he shoulder against the bolt door to the upstairs . he give up , look around . zoe she 's seal off the bridge . I do not like she there . kaylee cap and ! she toss he a bolt remover . he start pull a bolt out of a panel on the wall , tell Zoe : mal check the shuttle . she coulda 40 snuck in . he pop the panel off and start wriggle in among the wire . int . foredeck hall / bridge - later a floor panel hinge open , mal pull himself up . he move quietly to the bridge , gun draw . he enter to find River frantically punch up coordinate on a big cortex screen she 's pull out by the copilot 's seat . she whip jayne 's gun at he face , never look at he . a moment , and mal lower he own gun . mal the government 's man , he say you be a danger to we . not worth help . be he right ? be you anything but a weapon ? I have stake my crew 's life on the a - person - , -- - actual and whole , and if I be wrong you would best shoot I now . ( she cock the gun ) or we could talk more ... 40 80 . river ( point to screen ) miranda . wit 's a planet . match the one from she dream . int . bridge - later everyone have gather . wash be piloting now , as they be in atmosphere . River be by Simon . she move restlessly , upset . kaylee how can it be there 's a whole planet call miranda and none of we know that ? mal because there be not one . it 's a blackrock . uninhabitable . terraform do not hold , or somesuch . few settler die . river ( to Simon ) I have to show they . I do not know if you be go to make I sleep . simon ( hoarse whisper ) you could have ask ... 10 kaylee ( be : planet ) wait a tick , yeah ! some ten year back , before the war . there be call for worker to settle on miranda , my daddy talk about go . I should have recall ... wash but there 's nothing about it on the cortex -- History , astronomy ... it 's not in there . mal half of write history be hide the truth . there 's something on this rock the Alliance do not want know . inara that 's right at the edge of the burnham quadrant , right ? ( more ) 10 81 . inara ( cont would ) furthest planet out . ( mal nod ) it 's not that far from here ... W wash whoah , no , no -- zoe ( move to the screen ) that 's a bad notion -- wash honey ... zoe I get it , baby . wash show they the bad ... she hit some command on the screen , pull back to reveal a couple of other planet near miranda . zoe this be we , see ? and here 's miranda . all along here , this dead space in between , that 's reaver territory . wash they just float out there , send out raid party -- zoe maybe a hundred ship . and more every year . you go through that you be signing up to be a banquet . wash I be on board with the run and hide scenario -- and we be just about ... he look at he monitor , look ahead ... wash ( continuing ) wait ext . mining camp - day the ship swing around a mountain to come into view of the camp . I 's 82 . it be a world of fire . every building burn , some blow right apart . body litter the scene , not one of they move . there 's a ground Alliance ship not far from the cannon that shot it down . int . bridge - continuing we see mal 's face as the sight hit he like a gut - punch . ext . mining camp - moment later the crew pour out even as the ramp lower , go off in all direction , call out to people ... kaylee head for the burn church . kaylee shepherd ? shepherd Book ! she stop , look at the ground by the steeple . there be the body on the ground , face down . the child she play with at dinner . kaylee stare , at first uncomprehend . angle : mal , move in the other direction , approach the cannon , jayne behind he . he stop and see : Book , lie by the cannon , tear up badly from the waist down . 4 mal ( to jayne ) get the doc. he move to the shepherd , grab he search hand . mal ( continuing ) shepherd ... do not move . book wo not go far ... mal should not have be you . I be so sorry , it be ... they should have hit we . they should have hit I . book that cross my mind . ( rough ) I shot he down -- mal I see . 83. book I kill the ship ... that kill we . not ... very Christian of I . mal you do what 's right . book ( not unkindly ) come from you , that mean ... almost nothing ... hnaah ! ah , I be long go ... mal Doc will bring you round . I look to be bored by many more sermon ' fore you slip -- do not move -- book can not ... order I around , boy . I be not one of you crew . mal yes you be . Book cough up blood , grab mal . urgent , almost angry . book you ... it 's on you now ... all this death , this shit ... you have to find a course . this can not mean nothing . River ... you have to ... mal come on , keep it up -- Book grab mal 's face , talk as though replying to something : book I do not care what you believe ! just ... believe it . whatever you have to ... his breathe become labour . hitched . stop . his hand slip away , he blood leave a distinct print on mal 's face . jayne and Simon run up , Simon slow down -- go to the e he 's -dead . ---- Zne -„a r.7 - 1 , ; , , , be they as jayne look around he , mal still fix on Book . ad 84 . jayne how come they be not wait ? they know would we be come , how come they only send one ? mo Zoe realize the answer , turn to wash . zoe get on the cortex . Wave the sanchez brother , Li shen -- anyone whose ever shelter we after a heist . tell they to get out . get out now . smash CUT to : int . bridge - later silence . every cortex screen be on , each look at a different place . every one show fire , destruction or the snow of a interrupt signal . mal stand alone amidst the screen , say nothing . after a long moment , all of the screen hitch , the image replace by identical image of the operative . he look solemn . the operative v0 I be sorry . but I can not let you hide and I can not let you run . thing become ... extreme . and we wish for another way . mal do not talk at I like a righteous man . you be a killer of child . the operative when God want pharaoh to release his people from bondage -- you know the story ? he do not ask . he send he plague down upon Egypt . that 's I , Captain . the path to peace be paved with corpse . it 's always be so . mal so I and mine get to lie down and r--better - world ? 85 . the operative I be not go to live there . how could you think -- there 's no place for I there , any more than 40 there be for you . malcolm , I be a monster . what I do be evil , I have no illusion about it . but it must be do . mal why ? do you know why ? the operative it 's not my place to ask . mal you will never see River Tam . I be tell you this . the operative maybe not . but you will keep she close now , and when I blow serenity out of the air , this will be end . you be so terribly out of you depth , Captain . you old boat can not take the pressure . mal she be not buckle yet . and the 40 only reason you be talk such a lot be you can not get a fix on we . the operative yes , you scrambler 's code be too old for we seeker . you love that , yes ? the small triumph over modernity . you really be the noble savage . mal nobody -- ever -- call I noble . the operative but that 's what 's go to kill you , malcolm . nobility . it confuse you text , which be self - interest . and sin . mal only - many - I - know - who still -- bel i-eve - in sin just die by you hand . the operative what do you believe in ? 40 86 . mal not a solitary thing . the operative if that be true , you would be nothing more than a reaver . something change in mal 's expression . the operative ( continuing ) but then , maybe you be not that far from -- mal flick a switch and every screen go dark . ext . mining camp - moment later mal come stride out , where the crew have be gather body , lay blanket over they . mal get this body together . zoe we get time for gravedigge ? mal Zoe , you and Simon be gonna rope v0 them together . five or six of them . I want they laid out on the nose of we ship . simon be you insane ? kaylee what do you mean , the body ... mal kaylee , I need you to muck the reactor core , just enough to leave a trail and make it read like we be fly without containment , not enough to fry we . kaylee this people be we friend -- mal kaylee , you get a day 's work to do and two hour to do it . ( more ) 14 87 . mal ( cont would ) ( turn from she ) jayne , you and wash hoist up that cannon mount . go right on top . moo piece or two of the other ship , stick it on . any place you can tear hull without inner breach , do that too . ( look around ) and we be gonna need paint . we be gonna need red paint . inara ( get it ) zoe Sir . do you really mean to turn we home into a abomination so we can make a suicidal attempt at pass through reaver space ? mal I mean to live . I mean for we to live . the Alliance will not have that , so we go where they will not follow . jayne v0 God 's ball , there 's no way we be go out there ! and everybody ( save River ) be talk at once : simon what 's the point of live if you sink to the level of a savage -- wash inara please , we should talk this over -- jayne I be not takin ' order from a man have lose he brainstem -- , - mal pule - s-his - in he face , step back , hand on he . v0 88. mal this be how it work . anybody do not wanna fly with I anymore , this be you port of harbour . there 's a lot of fine way to die . I be not wait for the Alliance to choose mine . he walk through the group , toward the smashed cockpit of the Alliance fighter . struggle to get out be the badly wounded pilot . he see mal come and raise he hand in surrender . mal shoot he in the head , turn back . mal ( continuing ) I mean to confound that killer , and take my shot at get to miranda , maybe find out what all I be die for . that 's my theme now . so I hear a word out of any of you that be not help I out or take you leave I will fuck shoot you . he grab a body -- drop it at Zoe 's foot as he head toward the ship . mal ( continuing ) get to work . ext . space - night close on the body as they burn , flame pass over they and suddenly flicker out as dark fall . they be patch of leather flesh stretch over bone -- monster , scream soundlessly in the nothing of space . we arm past they to the window of the bridge , look in at mal , watch , with Zoe behind and wash at the helm . and we pull back out to see the whole of serenity for the first time : it be hardly recognizable . charre corpse on the nose , cannon atop with a space - suite corpse drape within , long scar , weld - on part and war paint ... the trail of green light burn out with sporadic burst of vapor . it look , for all the world , like a reaver ship . int . cargo BAY - continuing mal come down the stair to the catwalk . he hesitates , then step into the shuttle . � Mo 89 . int . shuttle - continuing it 's dark in here . mal stand with he back to the door , no light on he face , shaking . not cry , but overcome . low inara mal . he look up : she 's in the corner look through that trunk of hers , hand on a long oilcloth wrap around something . mal do not see you . I nara I figure that . mal anything of use in there ? inara maybe . she put it down and cross to the bed . he sit by she . mal you do not have to stay in the shuttle , you know . there 's empty room , if you wanna sleep awhile . inara you think anyone 's set to sleep ? Simon 's portion out overdose of morphine , just in case . mal cheerful fellow . ( look around ) do you really miss this place ? inara ( rueful smile ) sometimes ... not so much right now . a beat . he do not look at she when he ask : mal why do you leave ? Site do lo9 }e - at -- t -m - inara why do not you ask I not to ? 90 . dissatisfy , mal rise . mal I , uh , I would better go check on the vw crew . see how the inevitable mutiny be come along . they both want to say more . they do not . he go . ext . space - night serenity fly , silent . int . foredeck hall / bridge - night the group make they way toward the bridge . that close enough to get a view out the window be look freak -- that already on the bridge be stock still . press up against the glass of the window be River , just stare . ext . space - continuing reverse to see : a armada . the black sky be fill with what must be ninety ship in a vague cluster , as serenity break frame head toward they . most of they hang still in the air . some move swimmingly about . some turn in gentle drift , as though look around . vd int . bridge - continuing they all wait , tense up , as they approach the armada ... ext . space - continuing and arrive , move slowly through the rank of ship . serenity pass a large , bizarrely shape ship . it turn , as though watch she . but let she pass . another minute , and serenity be through the Armada , head for the small planet just beyond . int . the operative's ship - bridge - later the operative stare blankly at the ensign . the operative define " disappear " . the ensign just look uncomfortable . 4 91 . int . serenity : bridge - later kaylee , Simon and River have leave the bridge . the cloud fog the window , so nothing below be visible . zoe every read I be get say normal . ocean , land mass ... no tectonic instability or radiation . wash yeah , but no power , either . mal nothing at all ? wash wait . something . might be a beacon , but it 's awful weak . mal find it . ext . serenity - day as she touch down , fill the frame . after a moment mal , Zoe and jayne emerge from the airlock in full suit , armed . Zoe read a handheld scanner ... v0 mal gravity 's earthnorm . zoe 02 level check , pressure ... if there 's anything wrong the scanner be not read it . mal pull off he helmet . breathes , look around he . mal well something sure as hell be not right ... wider angle : they're in a CITY . gleaming metal , spread out for mile in every direction . portion decimate by fire long since cold , other overgrown with weed , but mostly intact . but silent , as if trap in amber . jayne -- ai- n -lt the settlement - 10 92 . zoe we fly over at least a dozen city just as big . why do not we hear about this ? a0 mal beacon 's up ahead . ext . CITY - day out of they suit now , mal , Zoe and jayne take point as the entire crew walk along the street , look about they . zoe Ho . she move rapidly , gun out , to : angle : a skeleton face-down on the ground , clothes tatter . she examine it as mal approach , wave the other back . zoe ( continuing ) no entry wound , fracture ... mal poison ? a0 jayne ( o . S . ) get another one ! angle : jayne be by a down hovercraft . Inside be three skeleton : two grow - up and a small child . clothes in better condition , and again no sign of violence . jayne they 's all just sittin' . do not crash ... angle : river be quietly become more and more upset . close on : kaylee walk in front of a office building , stay away from the car as she hear : jayne ( o.s. ) couple more here ... 0 0 orpse _of_aman be press up against the glass wall right behind she . mouth open , skin dead blue , terribly skinny ... a thing to haunt . 14 93. simon ( see it ) kaylee ... come this way . come here . do not -- but she look -- kaylee gaaaaaaoh God -- -- and step back , horrify , as the other approach . it 's a office . about half the employee be there , in chair or on the ground , all in the same state as the first fellow . we see angle of the corpse as the gang evaluate ... jayne how come they be preserve ? mal place must have go hermetic when the power blow . seal them . kaylee ( very upset ) what be they do ? what 's everybody do ? simon there 's no discoloration , nobody 's double over or show sign of pain ... mal there 's gass that kill painless , right ? inara but they do not fall down . none of they . they just lay down . simon more than anything , it look like starvation . mal anybody want to bet there 's plenty of food around ? inara they just lay down ... they notice River now , in the middle of the street , keen . she drop to she knee , clutching she head . 94 . as she speak we see , as she see , flash : body . in home , in pile : a entire world , gently dead . river , make they stop , they be everywhere , every city every house every room , they be all inside I , I can hear they all and they be say nothing ! get up ! please , get they up ! , please God make I a stone ... jayne ( upset ) she 's start to damage my calm . zoe jayne -- jayne she 's right ! everybody 's dead ! this whole world be dead for no reason ! wash let 's get to the beacon . ext . landing strip - day it 's small -- landing be easier in city with fly vehicle . at the end of a short runway , tip and damage , be a Alliance Research vessel . the gang make its way towards it . int . research vessel - day it 's a mess , door pried open , sign of violence but no body . the gang walk through it , look around . River pull away from Simon , suddenly determine . she approach a console , and a small cylindrical object . she turn it slightly -- a hologram squawk to life amidst they all . first we see image that resemble the flash from River 's mind : corpse , everywhere . we hear and then see doctor caron stand exactly where she be when she record this message ... ( as she speak , we see angle of everyone watch , take it in .. River silently mouth every word . ) , two 95 . caron -- just a few of the image we have record , and you can see it be not .. it be not what we think . there 's be no war here , and no terraforming event . the environment be stable . it 's the pax , the g-32 paxilon hydroclorate that we add to the air processor . it 's ... ( tear up ) . well it work ... it be suppose to calm the population , weed out aggression . make a peaceful ... it work . the people here stop fight . and then they stop everything else . they stop go to work , stop breeding ... talk ... eat ... ( try for control ) there 's thirty million people here and they all just let themselves die . they do not even kill themselves . they just ... most starve . when they stop work the power grid , there be overload , fire -- people burn to death sit in they v0 chair . just sit . there be a loud bang somewhere behind she -- she start , gather herself . caron ( continuing ) I have to be quick . there be no one work the receptor when we land , so we hit pretty hard . we can not leave . we can not take any of the local transport because ... the bang again . caron ( continuing ) there be people ... they be not people ... about a tenth of a percent of the population have the opposite reaction to the pax . they aggressor response increase ... beyond madness . they have become ... ( more ) vj 96 . caron ( cont would ) they have kill most of we ... not just kill , they have do ... thing . v0 wash ( quietly ) reaver ... they make they ... caron I will not live to report this , and we have not get power to ... people have to know ... ( lose it here ) we mean it for the best ... to make people safer ... to ... God ! she whirl , grab a gun and fire -- then aim the gun at she own head - but a reaver be on she , knock the gun away and bite she face -- she scream continuously as the reaver top she , bite at she and tear at she clothes , at she skin . jayne ( quietly ) turn it off . wash do , nobody say anything . 10 mal walk outside . ext . research vessel - continuing he take a few unsteady step away from the vessel . inara appear behind he , follow -- he hold a hand out behind he , seemingly to make she stop , but then he grab she shoulder , hold she for support . she put she hand over he . mal I see so much death ... I be on field carpete with body , friend and enemy -- I see man and woman blow to mess no further from I than you . inara mal ... mal but every single one of that people die on they foot . Fighting . ( more ) v0 97 . mal ( cont would ) or , hell , run away -- do summat to get through . this be ... 40 inara mal , I need you help with this . I need you to help I , because I can not -- he look at she , fold she into he arm . bring she face to he , not kissing but touch , press into each other with the urgency of pulsing , necessary life . int . research vessel - continuing River fall to she knee , vomit . Simon go to she , put he hand on she back , let she ride it out . simon River ... river I be all right . she look at he , wet eye full of clarity . river ( continuing ) I be all right . v0 wash pull the recording cylinder out of the console . int . serenity - dine room - night the cylinder be on the table . mal stand at the head , look at he crew . mal this report be maybe twelve year old . parliament bury it , and it stay bury till River dig it up . this be what they fear she know . and they be right to fear , ' cause there 's a universe of folk that be gonna know it too . ( touch the cylinder ) they be gonna see it . somebody have to speak for this people . he pause . everyone wait . v0 98 . mal ( continuing ) you all get on this boat for different reason , but you all v0 come to the same place . so now I be ask more of you than I have before . maybe all . ' Cause as sure as I know anything I know this : they will try again . maybe on another world , maybe on this very ground , sweep clean . a year from now , ten , they will swing back to the belief that they can make people ... better . and I do not hold to that . so no more run . I aim to misbehave . there be a beat as he eye they all . jayne my grandma always tell I : if you can not do something smart , do something right . by way of emphasis he loudly cock he big -ass rifle . mal take in the fact that jayne have speak for they all . mal that the same grandma tell you 4 there be a evil dwarf spirit live in you well ? jayne ( nodding ) she be a fun grandma . simon do we have a plan ? mal Mr Universe . we have not the equipment to broadwave this code , but he can put it on every screen for thirty world . he 's pretty damn close , too . river base on we orbital trajectory , he reach optimum proximity just before we sunset . if we make a direct run within the hour we be only 67,332 mile out . at full burn we would reach he inside of three - hour . 4 99 . she do not notice the reaction to she sudden clarity -- she 's still somewhat in she own world . wash still get the reaver , and probably the Alliance between we and he . zoe it 's a fair bet the Alliance know about Mr Universe . they be gonna see this come . mal no . he take a long moment , he jaw tightening imperceptibly . mal ( continuing ) they be not gonna see this come . close on : one of serenity 's jet engine , as it fire up . ext . CITY - afternoon serenity be take off , leave the dead place behind . int . mr universe be hq - continuing he 's talk with mal and wash again , very animated . mr universe it 's no problem ! bring it on bring it on bring it on ! from here to the eye and ear of the ' verse , that 's my motto , or it might be if I start have a motto . mal ( on screen ) we will not be long . mr universe you be gonna get catch in the ion cloud , it will play merry hob with you radar , but pretty pretty light and a few mile after you will be right in my orbit . mal ( on screen ) you will let we know if anyone else come at you ? 100 . drop back wide to see : the operative and ten soldier be in the room , visible to Mr Universe but not to the screen . mr universe you will be the first . close on : the operative 's sword , as he unsheathes it . ext . space - night we be amongst the reaver armada . serenity slice quietly through the ship , as we come around and see miranda recede in the distance . serenity drift through the armada -- and suddenly another ship fire up , run next to she ... the two ship pace each other , another vessel come about as though stare at serenity , who come closer and closer to frame , till we see the suite corpse drape on the cannon . it suddenly move : it 's mal . he swing the cannon round and fire at the ship pace they . it blows , fragment into burn bit that spiral into other ship , cause two smaller one to blow as well . mal swing around and fire at another ship . ext . satellite - night in close orbit wait the Alliance force , at least fifty strong , and clearly with high tech firepower . we move in on the operative 's ship , in the middle of the cluster . int . the operative's ship - bridge - continuing as the operative wait with the other . helmsman I be read activity in the cloud . the operative ( into com ) lock and fire on my command . ( to himself ) you should have let I see she . we should have do this as man . not with fire ... helmsman Sir ! , wd 101 . ext . space - continuing it 's the operative 's Pov : the swirl ion cloud as serenity break through and head at we , fully reavered out . int . the operative's ship - bridge - continuing he look confuse , then smile at the ruse . Hit the com : the operative vessel in range , lock on ... ( admiringly ) bastard 's not even change course ... ext . space - continuing as serenity get a bit closer , fifty reaver ship suddenly burst from the cloud , also head straight at we . int . the operative's ship - bridge - continuing the operative -- and everyone around he - go big -ey . the operative that 's not good ... helmsman ( freaking ) Sir ? the operative target the reaver ! ( into com ) target the reaver ! target everyone ! somebody FIRE ! ext . space - continuing serenity suddenly list hard to port -- until she 's almost upside down -- the Alliance ship FIRE , miss serenity but tagging a few reaver ship , none of whom have slowed down -- int . bridge - continuing mal be back on the bridge as we look out at the upside down Alliance fleet , missile just pass we -- mal we be too close for they to arm -- zoe this be gonna be very tight -- 4 102 . jayne ( entering ) hey look , we be upside down . v0 Zoe and mal shoot a look at jayne . wash ( to himself ) I be a leaf on the wind , watch how I soar . ext . space - continuing serenity slip right under the operative 's ship and duck and weave between dozen more . the reaver force hit the Alliance head on -- and several ship do just that , smash into bigger ship kamikaze - style , everything explode -- the fleet mobilize , blast reaver ship , circle around , and a air war begin , a frenzied , balletic ecstasy of destruction that the camera hurtle through as ship and part of ship fly at and past it . angle : serenity she nearly make it all the way through the alliance fleet before a barrel chunk of debris -- which be twice they size -- force they to come hard about and remain in the fray . J int . bridge - continuing mal look out at the chaos ... mal chicken come home to roost ... they be suddenly jolted by a glance blow from another ship -- wash struggle to control she -- mal ( continuing ) the hell -- wash ( panicky ) it 's okay ! I be a leaf on the wind ! mal ( also panicky ) what do that mean ? 4 103 . ext . space - continuing serenity make she way past the carnage and head down toward the tiny satellite moon . 40 int . the operative's ship - corridor - continuing as the vessel shake , clearly breach , the operative move to a door mark : dart . he put he thumb to a panel and the door slide up to reveal a stand , almost formfit one - man cockpit . ext . the operative's ship - continuing the dart disengage and bullet down towards the surface . as it move from the operative 's ship , we see that a reaver vessel have smashed into the main viewshield , and the ship be spin , explosion pop silently all over it . ext . serenity - continuing she continue down , the metallic expanse of Mr Universe 's little moon complex sprawling below they . a moment after serenity blow through frame , so do a reaver ship . it fire a electronic pulse at serenity and spark fly . int . bridge - continuing 4 wash we be fry ! I get no control ! int . engine room - continuing spark -- and arc of electricity -- be everywhere here . kaylee jump back as she be electrocute -- Simon run in and pull she out , slam the door shut on the erupting fire . int . bridge - continuing mal where 's the back up ? where 's the back up ? he and wash be frantically flipping button -- the ship whir to a semblance of life - - zoe back up read at 20 % .. ( to wash ) - can you get we down ? wash I be gonna have to glide she in ! 40 104 . zoe will that work ? wash 140 Long as that landing strip be make of fluffy pillow ... mal ( on the com ) everybody to the upper deck ! strap yourselves to something ! ext . landing strip - continuing we can see it , a long strip , which halfway along become a kind of hanger . serenity arc at it uncomfortably fast . int . bridge - continuing wash be fight the stick with extreme concentration as Zoe pull out a seat as well , strap in . int . aft hall - continuing jayne , Simon and inara pull harness not unlike " batman the ride " seat from the ceiling , help the other in . ext . / int . landing strip / hanger - continuing - 40 and serenity hit the ground -- the landing gear fold and snap under the weight -- the ship keep go , now inside the hanger , head towards the entrance to the facility , slow , fishtail and come about a full one eighty -- it go beyond the strip and crash down into the pedestrian area , so that the nose be stick back out at the runway but the body of the ship be hide from it . int . bridge - continuing there be a moment of quiet . wash I be a leaf on the wind . watch -- a massive harpoon crash through the windshield and impale he to he chair . it 's as thick around as a telephone pole . wash have time to open he mouth in surprise before he be dead . wash ! she move to he -- 40 105 . zoe ( continuing ) wash baby baby no , come on , you gotta move you gotta move baby vw please -- mal rip she away and to the floor as another projectile slam through the window into the wall above they . ext . landing strip - continuing we see the ship that have fire the harpoon as reaver start out of it . a second reaver vessel enter frame from above , about to land next to it . ext . serenity - moment later the cargo bay door open -- just the little door house inside the ramp -- and jayne come out with he biggest gun . he look up , toward the edge of the runway , but no reaver have arrive yet . jayne go ! the entire crew pile out , all heavily bedeck with weapon . mal head inside ! v0 int . black room / inner hall - moment later a small double -size doorway lead to the " Black room " , which be the entrance proper to the facility . mal hit a button and huge , thick , blast door open from the side and the top and bottom , create the effect of a square hole get bigger . the hall itself be smaller than the black room , but still have the arrow on the ceiling , that point to a elevator some fifty foot away . mal come on . jayne , rearguard . Zoe slow , look around she . zoe sir. ( he turn to she ) this be a good hold point mal we all stay together -- 44 106 zoe no . they have to come through here ; they will bottleneck and we can thin them out . we get push , oo back there 's the blast door . kaylee I can rig them so they will not be - open once they close . mal then shut them and hide till -- zoe we need to draw they till it 's do . this be the place . we will buy you the time . jayne ( to the other ) move that crate back there for cover -- and make sure they be not fill with anything go boom . kaylee wait , wash -- where 's wash ? nobody ( but River ) realize he be not there . Zoe be dead calm . , no zoe he be not comin' . everybody take that in , kaylee 's eye welling up . jayne move the gorram crate ! come on ! we hear savage scream from the hanger -- they be approach . mal move to the door , jayne beside he . angle : he Pov reaver rush toward they . he turn to jayne . mal tell I you bring them this time ... jayne smile grimly , toss mal a grenade as he pop he own and fastball it at the reaver . J 107 . it explode in they midst , smoke and man-part fly about . mal roll he a short distance , then slam the door shut . angle : the grenade 40 explode , raining a bunch of equipment -- and part of a catwalk -- right in front of the door . in the black room , the door nearly buckle from the explosion . everyone take position behind the crate . Zoe stand calmly , she back to the door , load she saw -off . mal ( continue ; move back to Zoe ) Zoe ... be you here ? she look up at he . zoe do the job , sir . mal you hold . hold till I be back . he take off -- pass inara , the two of they hold a look for as long as they can . then he 's in the elevator and go . jayne move over to Zoe . 10 jayne Captain 's right . can not be think on revenge if we be gonna get through this . zoe you really think any of we be gonna get through this ? he look back at they army : a companion , a doctor , a mechanic and a more - than -usually out of it River . a beat , and he look back at Zoe with forlorn hope : jayne I might ... int . mr universe be hq - moment later the elevator stop and mal make he way to the island of screen and machine in the center of the space . the first thing he take in be that every broadwave port have be destroy . the second : 1 108 . angle : mr universe be lie dead , eye open , half drape on he equally still lovebot . a trail of blood show he crawle from he chair . v0 mal come close . nothing . he start to move away again and the lovebot turn she head , she eye focus with a audible whir . she speak with surprisingly realistic expressiveness , and a warpe , computery version of Mr Universe 's voice . lovebot mal . mal stop . lovebot ( continuing ) guy kill I , mal . he kill I with a sword . how weird be that ? I get ... a short span here ... they destroy my equipment but I have a back - up unit ... bottom of the complex , right over the generator . hard to get to . I know they miss it . they can not stop the signal , mal . they can never stop the signal . ( beat ) okay this be painful . on many level . I be not -- a0 she turn back , power down . record over . a beat , and mal take off . int . black room - continuing inara be on she knee , unwrap the oilcloth we see in she shuttle . River be in the corner , clutching she head . river I can not shut they up ... simon it 's okay ... - river they be all make up of rage . I can not ... a bang as a body slam against the door . simon just stay low . I be right here . 4 109 . jayne move past they to Zoe , take position by she . jayne she pick a sweet bung of a time to go helpless on we . zoe ( call out ) jayne and I take the first wave . nobody shoot less they get past we fire . Simon move to kaylee , who be shaky as hell . the bang on the door continue . kaylee oh , I do not plan on go out like this . I think we do right , but ... simon I never plan ... anything . I just want to keep River safe . spend so much time on serenity try to find we a home I never realize I already have . she look at he with soft surprise . 140 simon ( continuing ) my one true regret in all this be never be with you . kaylee with I ? you mean to say , as , sex ? simon ( smile ) I mean to say . kaylee snap she cartridge home with way more precision than we might expect from she , take steady aim at the door . kaylee Hell with this . I be gonna live . Simon look at she a moment , then turn he attention to the door . inara come up into frame with the content of the oilcloth : a bow and arrow , which she pull back with focus grace . angle : the door start to come off its hinge . 4 110 . int . mr universe be hq - continuing a panel be kick in from the ceiling and the operative drop down , have clearly enter from a different location . he look around , carry a laser-pistol . he move past Mr Universe and lenore -- lovebot mal ( the operative turn ) guy kill I , mal . int . basement , over the generator - continuing mal have reach it and survey the situation . before he be a railing , and he can look down on the generator shaft . it 's mile deep , with machine rotate and grind , and arc of electricity ricochett around it . on the other side be a platform , with the broadwave console sit behind a clear plastic partition . cable and chain run along the ceiling , around a series of ladder rung . mal hard to get to . that 's a fact . int . black room - continuing lw� the door be pried partially open -- enough for one reaver to squeeze through and charge . Zoe stand up and shoot he in the head . he arc back hard as the second come , Zoe shoot he , calmly walk toward the door -- jayne Zoe ... gorramnit ... but she be in a trance , and we see beneath the calm , to the bubbling magma of rage that keep she fire , single shot , each one a kill , till five man down and she 's out of ammo . the sixth come at she swinging a blade and she block , the precision of military training still in she as she flip he , wrest the blade free and swinging it down out of frame , bring it up bloody , swinging again as the door burst open and she 's rush from behind --- but jayne tote a automatic , spray kill fire on the lot , move forward himself -- J jayne ( continuing ) zoe ! get yer ass back in the line ! vo� she look up , almost confuse -- and one of jayne 's target come back off the ground and slice at she back with a blade , she scream as he cut deep -- and a arrow lodge in he neck . inara pull up a fresh arrow , shaking only slightly . int . basement , over the generator - later mal be on the railing , reach for the ' rung ' on the ceiling just above he . he can almost get they -- one wrong move and he pitch into the jaw of death ... a laser shot nail he in the lower back -- he arch , leg slide off the rail -- he fall and hit the rail with the back of he leg , flipping painfully onto he face as he fall , mercifully , back onto the platform . the operative come around some equipment for a closer shot as mal get shakily up . mal ( in pain ) shot I in the back . I have not ... make you angry , have I ? I 's the operative there 's a lot of innocent people in the air be kill right now . mal you have no idea how true that be . there 's no wise - ass attitude in he now . they stand , face off at ten pace . mal ( continuing ) I know the secret now . the truth that burn up River Tam 's brain and set you after she . and the rest of the ' verse be gonna know it too . ' Cause they need to . the operative you really believe that ? mal I do . 4 112 . the operative you willing to die for that belief ? mal v0 I be . the operative raise he gun -- but mal be the quickdraw master , shoot the gun out of the operative 's hand and get two hit to the chest ( armored ) before he make it to cover . mal ( continuing ) of course , that be not exactly plan a.. he drop out he cartridge and slam another in . the operative hide behind some machinery . tries to peek out at mal -- and more shot send he scramble back to cover . mal holster he gun and jump for the rung above he , start go hand over hand to the island , move as fast as he can . the operative see he moment , dive for he gun -- but it 's be ruin by mal 's shot . he look over at mal with death in he eye . he run at the railing , vault off it , and grab a chain -- it snap and he swing , grab another . he reach mal and double kick he from behind -- mal fly 4 off the rung but grab a chain -- he try to kick at the operative , but the guy be frikkin ' tarzan , he climb up and pull a lever release one end of mal 's chain -- mal go swinging , smack into the wall six foot below the platform . he scramble up just as the operative swing himself toward the platform from above . int . black room / inner corridor - continuing jayne be still fire continuously as he drag Zoe back to the barricade . Simon move to help -- kaylee fire now , squinting with effort -- and pull open the cut back of Zoe 's shirt , check the wound . simon spine 's intact -- zoe just gimme a bandage . Simon pull a spraycan from he bag , spray the wound with a foam that harden instantly into a elastic cover . 40 113 . there be a few gun shot ( as well as nail - ball and blade ) from the reaver . jayne switch weapon , toss another to Zoe and open fire -- a0 jayne oh , now you be likin ' gun , huh ? cheater ! he take a hit in the shoulder , grimace and keep fire . River watch , the gun limp in she hand . kaylee grab it and start another round -- but she 's pepper with dart - like projectile . she scream and drop the weapon , pull the projectile from she -- inara help she up , pull she back as Zoe shout : zoe everybody fall back ! fall back ! everyone stumble or be drag into the inner corridor . inara hit the control and the door start to close , from each side and above and below . then , when the hole be maybe four by four , they stop . zoe ( continuing ) jayne ! grenade ! jayne very last one ... he toss it through the hole . Zoe do not even flinch from the blast as she think . zoe they be gonna get in -- kaylee can close it ... from outside ... zoe no one 's come back from that ... she try to stand , fail . zoe ( continuing ) how much ammo do we have ? jayne we get three full cartridge and my swingin ' cod . that 's all . inara be by the elevator , pound for it to come . --- 40 114 . inara lift be not move ... zoe when they come , try to plug the hole with them ... kaylee cry out and Simon move to she . kaylee I be start to lose some feel here ... I think there 's something in they dart they throw at I . simon lie still . I be gonna give you something to counteract the -- he stand , look around he . his bag be over by Zoe . simon ( continuing ) my bag. and shkoww ! , the bullet take he in the belly -- everything suddenly move very slowly as he spin slightly , one foot lift , a confuse expression on he face -- then speed right back up as he slam down on he back , gasp for air . River 's mouth open in a scream she do not make . blood spread from Simon 's belly . inara rush to he , grab cloth and put pressure on the wound , put Simon 's hand on it . inara keep pressure here ... simon my bag . need ... adrenaline ... and a shot of calaphar for kaylee ... I can not ... River ...? she be by he side , take he hand . she have a kind of serenity to she , like she understand something now . simon ( continuing ) River ... I be sorry ... river no. no . the light go out . everyone look about they . jayne fire again , but all the sound have ble out save this two . 4 115 . simon I hate to ... leave ... river you will not . you take care of I , Simon . you have always take care of I . she stand as the emergency light come on , give she face a unearthly glow as she look down at he . river ( continuing ) my turn . she 's run so fast , nobody have time to react till she dive through the hole in the door , then Simon scream she name , the scream follow we back into the Black room where River land in a perfect roll , come up in a room full of reaver . without a moment 's hesitation she make it to the panel , get the door close . she dodge a blade , but a blow to , the back of the head shake she . she weave around a couple of reaver to get to the close door , but at the last second she ankle be grab and pull out from under she . the last thing we see be she be drag back as they swarm over she . angle : the blast door , as they shut with a shudder rlung . int . basement , over the generator - continuing mal get up the chain to the platform . the operative be on mal before he get he foot , tackle he as mal 's gun go skitter over the edge into oblivion . there be a railing here or mal would go over as well -- but he come back with a couple of hammer blow , get the operative off he . they square off , mal stumbling back into a tool chest , knock over tool and computer part . the operative reach behind he and pull he sword gracefully from the holster under he jacket . mal produce he weapon : a tiny screwdriver . he hurl a toolbox at the operative and rush he , get inside sword range and try for the neck with the screwdriver -- the operative block it and work the sword point against the edge of mal 's stomach . start push slowly , despite mal 's resistance , and break skin . mo 116 . mal look at the operative a moment -- and the sword slide all the way through mal 's belly . mal 's eye go wide . the operative you know what you sin be , malcolm ? mal ( shaky smile ) aw hell , I be a fan of all seven . he headbutt the operative viciously , then punch he so hard he stagger back , lose he grip on the sword . the operative respond with a spin kick -- mal hold up the screwdriver and the operative swing he foot right into it , gasp as mal pull the screwdriver -- and leg it 's stick in -- back as he rocket he fist into the operative 's chin . the operative go down hard , daze , as mal grab the sword still in he belly . mal ( continuing ) but right now ... he pull the sword out , grimace . hold it over the operative . the smile go . mal ( continuing ) vao I be gonna have to go with wrath . he stab down at he foe 's face -- but the operative roll out of the way , kick mal from the ground and be up in a second , grab mal 's sword hand -- the sword drop -- and punch he repeatedly in he stomach wound . int . inner hall - continuing the gang be subdued -- because they be all of they injure and Simon be slip away . jayne look at Zoe . jayne you suppose he get through ? think mal get the word out ? zoe ( almost convincingly ) he get through . I know he get through . vo 117 . int . basement , over the generator - continuing mal go down hard , spitting up blood . he see the sword , move -- but the operative kick he in the face . pick he lod up , mal too tired to throw a decent punch . the operative I be sorry . the operative spin he and dig he bunched finger right into the same nerve cluster that he paralyze Doctor Mathias with . mal go rigid , he face a rictus of pain . the operative go near the railing and retrieve he sword . mal tremble , try to move -- but nothing happen . the operative ( continuing ) you should know there 's no shame in this . you have do remarkable thing . but you be fight a war you have already lose . he lunge -- and mal twist gracefully out of the way , grab the operative 's swordhand and pull it forward -- while drive he elbow into the operative 's neck with staggering force . mal iwo well , I be know for that . the operative drop the blade , mouth open , stumbling back , unable to make a sound . mal spin he , grab both he arm and work he own through they in a twisted full nelson -- then bring he arm up suddenly , the operative 's mouth go wider as we hear he arm crack . mal drop he sit against the railing , pick up he sword , say : mal ( continuing ) piece a shrapnel tore up that nerve cluster my first tour . have it move . he squat down , look the operative in the face . vo 118. mal ( continuing ) sorry ' bout the throat . expect you would wanna say you famous last mw word now . just one trouble . he reach over the railing , pull the back of the operative 's jacket through and shove the sword through the fabric , pin the operative in he sit position . mal ( continuing ) I be not gonna kill you . he move to the console , start prepping it . mal ( continuing ) Hell , I be gonna grant you great wish . he insert the cylinder , turn it slightly . it hum to life . mal ( continuing ) I be gonna show you a world without sin . he hit " send all " . the cylinder light up and the broadcast v0 begin . here it be project as a two -dimensional image on the clear plastic partition , right in front of the operative . there be image first of the city -- of body , on the street , in home and office ... image after image , jus.t as we see on the research vessel -- and in River 's mind . caron ( v.0 . ) this be some of the first site we scout on miranda . there be no one live on this planet . there be no one ... mal hit the control and a ramp extend towards the other side . he begin to cross . never even look back . on the operative , trap , watch in grow horror ... int . black room - continuing close on : a reaver in extreme slow motion . face full of fury , he be swinging he blade in a frenzy of hate . and a small hand smashes that face so hard that tooth fly -- the reaver clear frame to reveal : 4 119 . River . she be bloody , but not kill . she 's as she be in the bar -- move faster and more efficiently than anyone can , ducking and weaving and gut and kick and there be pile of reaver already , she never break concentration as she use they own blade against they , throw they , do everything in she power to stay one step ahead of -- or above -- the mob . she slam backwards into a wall opposite the blast door -- and a grapple hook punch through it , just miss she . int . basement , over the generator - continuing the operative watch the end of the broadcast . we be on he face through the clear plastic , so the image project on it blur right before he : the reaver , Dr. Caron -- and she scream do not stop till something be shove in she mouth . int . inner hall - continuing the gang be still try to patch themselves together when the elevator door open . mal stagger out , hold he bleed side . zoe Sir ? 140 mal it 's do . report ? Zoe look at the badly wounded Simon , be about to give a report -- and the door start to open behind she . everyone turn to look , that who can feebly raise weapon , as the square iris of the open blast door widen to reveal River , stand alone . she be hold two reaver blade , be bloody but unbow . and the only one alive . we hold on she a moment , then the wall behind she be rip completely away . behind it , grapple hook chain to a huge tractor pull the wall away as through the smoke come some fifteen Alliance soldier , who line up , rifle train on we gang ... soldier Drop you weapon ! Drop them now ! another soldier do we engage ? do we engage ? 4 120 . mal and the other tense up . River turn slowly to face the soldier , blade still grip ... a soldier level he gun at she , sweaty and frantic ... other still shouting ... vp int . basement , over the generator - continuing the operative sit in silence , the voice come over he com : soldier ( o.s. ) target be acquire ! do we have a kill order ? do we have a order ? int . black room - continuing close on : the soldier' finger , squeezing the trigger ... black out . ext . desert planet - sunset we be close on a gravestone . it be round , look more like a bell than a headstone . it be top by a jar build 'into the stone . the jar be weathered tin at top and bottom , but glass in the middle . Inside the glass we can see one of that slightly move photo . it be of Mr Universe and he lovebot , and the name Mr Universe be carve roughly in the stone beneath . the camera move to the right and we see another such stone , 40 this one bear the image and inscription : shepherd derrial Book . the third be hoban washburne . wash . the camera continue move right , but the next stone house a small home - make rocket with piece of paper tape to it instead of a picture - jar . and fix another slip of paper to it be River . she move away from the stone as mal do likewise . they be flanke by the crew : jayne , inara ( to whom mal move ) , Simon , who stand hold River before he and hand in hand with kaylee . he have a crutch support he other side . there be a moment , then they all move aside , say nothing . between they walk Zoe , in a simple white funeral gown , hold a burn taper . she stand at the stone a moment , then hold the taper to the rocket fuse . stands back with the other . the rocket shoot up into the darken sky . they all watch its sputtering tail a moment , then it it explode in a series of firework . 40 121 . wide on the group , as the firework go off over they head . we be close on another explosion when it become : close on : a blowtorch spitting spark . wide to see : ext . repair yard / serenity - day Zoe be harness to the nose of the ship , welding on a replacement for the very window the harpoon that impale wash come through . int . duct inside serenity - day we be close on River as she work inside a crawlspace just above the engine room , replace wire . some of they run to a computer screen that she check and adjust . ext . repair yard / top of serenity - day mal and jayne hold onto the cannon as a crane be lift it off the top of the ship . Close on mal as he watch it go ... wider angle : ext . repair yard - continuing t for of and here we see the whole ship for the first time , harness by the wing above the ground so she can be work on all over . the cannon be be hoist away from she as a crew of repairmen wheel new landing gear under she belly . int . engine room - day kaylee , deeply greasy , tweak a part on the engine and cross to the back where Simon , shirtless and not entirely ungreasy himself , be wrenching a bolt into place above he head . a moment look at he and she can not help herself - she slide she arm around he chest ... ext . serenity - day on a scaffold , inara repaint the name on the nose with elegant precision . int . engine room - day kaylee and Simon be just make out like fiend , work completely forget . with nothing resembling elegant precision , they sink out of frame to the floor . v0 122 . a beat , and River 's head appear from the crawlspace above , look down at they with detach curiosity . ext . repair yard / serenity - day it 's raining as mal be haul in the last of the repair equipment . the camera move around he , skirt the ground of the junkyard , till it land on a figure in foreground , stand watch he from some twenty foot away . mal stop , do not turn . Hand near he gun . mal if you be here to tell I we be not finish ... then we will be real quick . the operative stand just under the canopy of the nose of the ship , frame by the rain behind . the operative do you know what a uproar you have cause ? protest , riot -- cry for a recall of the entire parliament . mal ( turning ) we have see the broadwave . the operative you must be pleased . mal ' verse wake up a spell . wo not be long ' fore she roll right over and fall back asleep . taint my worry . the operative I can not guarantee they will not come after you . the parliament . they have a hundred man like I and they be not forgive . mal that do not bode especially well for you ... give the order to let we go , patching up we hurt ... the operative I tell they the tam be no longer a threat -- damage do . ( more ) vo 123 . the operative ( cont would ) they might listen , but ... I think they know I be no longer they man . W mal they take you down , I do not expect to grieve overmuch . like to kill you myself , I see you again . the operative you will not . there be ... ( small , grim smile ) . nothing leave to see . mal look at he a moment , then pick up he gear to head inside . the operative start away into the rain , then stop to look up at the nose of the ship . angle : the newly paint serenity , stand tall in the rain . the operative ( continuing ) " serenity " . you lose everything in that battle . everything you have , everything you be ... how do you go on ? mal hit the button to close the inner door , step inside as they slide together . glance at the operative , unimpress . vao mal you still stand there when the engine start , you never will figure it out . the operative watch the door shut . a moment , and he go . int . cargo BAY - continuing mal stow the gear as Zoe approach . mal ( to himself ) what a whiner ... zoe Sir , we have a green light . inspection 's pos and we be clear for upthrust . mal think she will hold together ? J 124 . zoe she 's tore up plenty . but she will fly true . vw a beat between they before : mal make sure everything 's secure . could be bumpy . zoe always be . she take off and mal head up the stair . int . foredeck hall - continuing mal come in and run into inara . jayne pass through as they talk , head down into he bunk . pay they no mind . neither do Simon and kaylee , in the dining room stow supplies . mal we be take she out . should be about a day 's ride to get you back to you girl . inara right . vw mal ( move past she ) you ready to get off this heap and back to a civilized life ? inara I , uh ... ( he stop ) I do not know . he look at she , a smile in he eye . mal good answer . he turn and head into the bridge . int . bridge - continuing mal ease himself into he seat . take a moment to adjust one of wash 's dashboard dinosaur , then look to he leave . 4 125 . mal you gonna ride shotgun , help I fly ? v0 River be in the copilot 's seat , look intently at the screen and button . river that 's the plan . mal think you can work out how to get she in the -- she be flipping switch without even look , as the ship hum to life . ext . serenity - continuing her engine fire up and tilt . she lift gently off the ground . int . bridge - continuing mal look slightly , only slightly nonpluss . mal okay , clearly some aptitude for the ... but it be not all button a0 and chart , . you know what the first rule of fly be ? well , I suppose you do , since you already know what I be about to say . river I do . but I like to hear you say it . he look out at the rain on he window , at he screen , take she up as he say : mal Love . you can learn all the math in the ' verse , but you take a boat in the air you do not love , she will shake you off just as sure as the turn of world . Love keep she in the air when she oughta fall down , tell you she 's hurt ' fore she keens . make she a home . River also look out at the sky . 126 . river Storm 's get worse . mal we will pass through it soon enough . ext . serenity - continuing as we shoot up with she through sheet rain , towards the top of the sky . ext . space - moment later we be look down on the stormcloud as serenity burst out of they , come at we , flare by the sun behind the planet as she pass we , she firefly effect lighting up , about to shoot off into the heaven -- there be a spark and a piece of panele pop off , whip at camera , black out the frame . mal ( 0 . S . ) what be that ? the end