serial mom by John Waters second draft : July 22 , 1992 1 . Film open with prologue title : " this be a true story . the screenplay be base on court testimony , swear declaration , and hundred of interview conduct by the film -maker " . fade out . fade in to second prologue title : " some of the innocent character ' name have be change in the interest of a larger truth " . fade out . fade in to final prologue title : " no one involved in the crime receive any form of financial compensation " . fade out . 2 . establish shot of upper-middle class suburban home . we hear on the soundtrack the daily morning chatter of a family rush to get to work and school . subtitle appear : " 2815 calverton Court . the sutphin family " . fade out . second subtitle fade in : " Friday , September 18th , 1992 . 7:08 be " . fade out . 3 . Interior cheery , bright sutphin kitchen . credit begin . mom , beverly , a trim , fortyish , pretty Betty crocker of the 90' , grab the toast as it pop up and butter it . she wave cheerfully out the kitchen window to the pass garbagemen on the back of a Baltimore County garbage truck and then turn to she husband and child and expertly begin to serve breakfast . dad , eugene , the ultimate nice guy and a dentist by trade , divide the morning paper up between himself and son chip , a cute semi-hip kid who be still in high -school . daughter , misty , a pretty and slightly overweight college student , frantically price the junk she plan on sell at the flea market after class while gulp down a light breakfast . mom who want fruit salad ? misty I do , please . mom ( hesitate ) that 's not gum in you mouth , be it ? misty ( removing it ) it 's sugarless . mom ( gently ) you know how I hate gum , misty . all that chomping and cheese ... ( begins serve she ) misty sorry , Mom . thanks . ( to she brother , as she price a record album ) hey , chip , think I could get 50c for vanilla Ice . chip I would not give ya a nickle . misty ( dreamily ) Carl can not believe how much I make at swap meet . mom ( Rolling she eye good - naturedly ) and who may I ask be Carl ? misty just a boy . he 's pick I up this morning . chip here we go again . misty he 's really cute ! mom ( watch the cute little bird nibble seed from the bird - feeder in kitchen window ) cute be not enough , misty . you know that . chip she sure can pick them ! misty ( exasperate ) he go to college with I ! dad leave she alone , chip . ( to mom ) I think it 's great she have a new beau , beverly . mom smile kindly , pick up a box of cereal in each hand and turn to the family . mom cereal anybody ? title " serial mom " appear on the screen . dad just a little , please . bad for the tooth . chip always the dentist . mom chip , honey ? chip thanks , Mom . as mom serve the cereal , she spot a lone fly as it land on the butter dish . without let on to she family , she grab a flyswatter and begin stalking the fly with a terrifying intensity , its buzzing enough to make mom 's head explode . dad ( reading paper ) look at this ! ( reading out loud in disgust ) " hillside strangler get he college degree in prison ! " mom ( preoccupy , stalking fly ) that 's nice . dad Nice ?! he should have be execute ! misty he kill people , Mom . mom ( to herself ) we all have bad night . ( get ready to swat , but fly buzze off ) chip ( to misty ) you would probably date he ! ( mimick she ) he 's cu-uuute ! hey , dad , do you ever see " Henry , portrait of a serial killer ? " dad I certainly do not . misty you have be work in that video shop too long . dad and all that gore better have not be interfere with you schoolwork . mom stalk fly as it land on chip 's toast as the rest of the family remain oblivious to mom 's building anger . chip I do great in school , dad . ( eat toast as fly buzze off ) a sicken and rage - fill mom stalk the fly to dad 's orange juice glass where it secrete on the rim in closeup . dad well , you mother 's go to pta today . we will see what you teacher have to say . ( take a big gulp as fly buzze away ) chip ( give a plead look to mom as the buzzing of the fly build in intensity on the soundtrack ) aw , Mom ! I hate Mr. stubbin ! mom ( move in for the kill , hiss the word in a rage ) do not say the word " hate " , honey . " hate " be a very serious word ! mom swat violently and we see fly splat in bloody closeup . ( " directed by John Waters " credit appear ) . family be suddenly silent as they uneasily look up in surprise at mom 's ferocious attack . mom quickly wipe up squash fly and smile back at she family . mom there . all better . ( suddenly all innocence ) anybody for scramble egg ? end of credit . a loud bang be hear on the back door . mom jump up guiltily . dad ( get up from table ) who on earth ...? mom open door to two police detective in plain clothes . detective moore be young and more rugge than the older more world - weary detective bradford . det . moore Mrs. sutphin ? mom ( nervously ) yes ? det . moore ( show badge ) I be detective Moore and this be detective Bradford . subtitle appear " 7:26 be " and then fade out . dad ( take over ) I be Dr. Eugene sutphin . what 's the trouble , officer ? chip ( excitedly ) be there a killer loose ? det . moore no son , nothing that exciting . mom this be my son , chip ... and my daughter , misty . misty ( inappropriately make eye at the young cop ) hi! chip ( see misty flirt ) jeeezzz ! mom det. Bradford , I be sorry but we do not allow gum chew in this house . ( hand he a paper napkin ) det . bradford ( spit he gum into paper napkin ) sorry , mar 'am . ( to mom and dad , take out a envelope ) we be investigate obscene phone call and mail threat to a certain Mrs. dottie hinkle . mom I know dottie ! dad she life right down the street . det . bradford could you take a look at this ... det . moore ... and tell we of anybody who might be responsible ? det . bradford ( as he hand note to mom and dad ) I should warn you ... this note contain language . mom and dad open note . in cut - out letter from a magazine it read : " i'll get you pussy face ! " mom ( recoil ) oh God , really ! ( hand it back to cop ) this be the limit ! chip let I see ! dad sorry , son . ( in disgust ) this be a matter for adult . mom officer , I have never say the p-word out loud , much less write it down ! dad no woman would ! mom ( see cute little bird land on window feeder ) look officer ! life do not have to be ugly . ( in baby - talk ) see the little birdie ? listen to he call . ( imitating bird call ) Peter Pan ! Peter Pan ! Peter Pan ! chip and misty roll they eye in embarrassment as bird call back to mom . bird Peter Pan ! Peter Pan ! Peter pan! dad smile proudly as detective look at mom in amazement . 4 . exterior sutphin house . a convertible pull into driveway drive by chip 's best friend , scotty barnhill , a handsome but sullen red-necky teen . next to he be chip 's girlfriend , birdie stuart , a sexy tom - boy with lot of savvy . subtitle appear : " 7:41 be " and then fade out . 5 . interior sutphin kitchen . mom chip , you ride be here . dad ( look at he watch ) hey , I be late for work . bye , honey . ( kiss mom goodbye ) 6 . exterior sutphin house . all exit . det . moore thanks for you time , everybody . misty ( sigh ) bye , detective Moore . birdie ( leap out of convertible ) hi , Mr. and Mrs. sutphin . dad ( to cop , get into he car ) that 's Birdie . she 's a horror nut just like my son . mom ( fondly ) good morning , Birdie . this be detective Moore and Bradford . birdie ( overdramatic , feign horror ) I do not do it ! I swear ! do not lock I up ! I will take a lie detector ! ( kiss chip ) ( good-naturedly to cop ) hi ya , boy ! mom ( sarcastically to a sullen scotty in car ) good morning scotty ! scotty guiltily look up from vintage Betty page pin - up mag he 's read and toot horn defiantly in response as mom grit she tooth . birdie hey misty , look what I get ! ( pull it out of bag ) a pee wee herman doll . can you sell it for I at the flea market ? misty ( impress ) wow ! still in the box ! I sure can ! ( look up and see a tran be speed towards the house ) oh God , here come Carl ! dad pull off in he car and almost collide with carl as he aggressively manoeuvre he car up the driveway . carl padgett , a handsome jock climb out of he car . carl ( to mom ) you must be Mrs. sutphin . I be Carl padgett . mom misty 's date ... carl more of a friend really ... misty look hurt . misty ( to carl ) see what Birdie give I to sell at the flea market ? carl ( sneer at pee - wee ) that guy 's a weirdo . mom be smile freeze on she face as chip and birdie hop in scotty 's convertible . mom ( point to scotty and call out to cop as they get into they car ) now there 's something you should be interested in , detective . a grow boy who do not wear he seat belt ! scotty give mom a hateful look and peel out . 7 . dissolve to suburban STREET . det . moore and det . bradford sit in they unmark police car , drink coffee and fill out police report . det . bradford ( once again chew gum ) Christ , that one be beaver cleaver 's mother . ( imitating she ) Peter Pan ! Peter Pan ! Peter Pan ! det . moore ( good-naturedly ) oh , leave she alone . Mrs. sutphin 's about as normal and nice a lady we be ever go to find . 8 . interior beverly and eugene sutphine bedroom . mom be sit on bed , dial phone with a determine expression on she face . subtitle appear : " 9:37 be " and fade out . in split screen , dottie hinkle , the harrass middle age neighbor , look at she ringing phone in she live room with suspicion and finally answer . dottie ( angrily ) hello . mom ( speak in disguise voice ) be this the cocksucker residence ? dottie ( rising to the bait every time ) goddamn you ! stop calling here ! mom be not this 4215 pussy Way ? dottie ( furious ) you bitch ! mom let I check the zip - 212 fuck you ? dottie the police be trace you call right this minute . mom well , dottie , how come they be not here then , fuck - face ? dottie ( Red with rage ) fuck you ! ( slam down phone ) mom giggle to herself like a little kid and immediately redial the phone . 9 . exterior sutphin house . back door . rosemary ackerman , mom 's frumpy , brittle , busy - body next door neighbor , be knock on door , carry a sewing basket . mrs . ackerman ( Calling out ) beverly ? beverly darling ? you home ? ( she let herself in ) I know you be ... 10 . interior mom' bedroom . mom be laugh to herself listen to ringing phone while mrs . hinkle , on split -screen , try not to answer . finally she lunge for it . dottie ( answer ) fuck you too , you rotten whore !! mom ( disguise she voice in prim manner ) I beg you pardon ? dottie ( horrify but suspicious ) who be this ? mom Mrs. Wilson from the telephone company . I understand you be have problem with obscene call . dottie ( mortify ) yes , I be ... I be sorry Mrs. Wilson . . it 's drive I crazy ... I have change my number twice already ... please help I ! 11 . interior sutphin kitchen . rosemary ackerman walk through kitchen , wipe a finger on window ledge to check for dust and call out beverly 's name . 12 . interior mom' bedroom . mom do not hear mrs . ackerman as she continue she phone conversation with mrs . hinkle . mom ( still the fake telephone company representative ) what exactly do this sick individual say to you ? dottie I can not say it out loud . do not use bad language . 13 . interior mom' live room . mrs . ackerman look up at huge oil portrait of mom in ornate frame hang over couch and call out beverly 's name . hear muffle voice behind mom be close bedroom door at the top of the step , mrs . ackerman begin to creep up the step . 14 . interior mom' bedroom . Split screen with mom and dottie hinkle . mom ( still impersonate ) I know it 's hard but we need the exact word . dottie alright , I will try ... ( primly ) " cocksucker " . that 's what she call I . mom ( laugh hideously , begin speak in she scary voice ) listen to you dirty mouth , you fuck whore ! dottie ( ballistic ) goddamn you ! 15 . interior hallway outside mom' bedroom . mrs . ackerman hear muffle shout and reach for door handle . 16 . interior bedroom . split screen between mom and dottie . dottie motherfucker !! mom cocksucker ! ( slam down phone ) mrs . ackerman barge right in bedroom , almost catch mom who expertly snap back to normal without miss a beat . mrs . ackerman beverly , be you alright ? mom Rosemary , honey . good morning . I be fine . ( take the sewing basket ) thanks for remember . mrs . ackerman it 's the least I could do . ( suspicious ) I hear shouting . mom open sewing box to reveal a pair of gleam sewing scissors . mom ( slam it shut ) just the damn cable tv company . you know how they be . do you hear about dottie hinkle ? mrs . ackerman yes , I do . it 's terrifying ! the police be at my house this morning . mom who on earth would want to harrass poor dottie hinkle ? 17 . exterior dottie hinkle's suburban house . dottie hinkle , still angry and occasionally cursing to herself , dig in she prize flower garden out front of she house behind ornamental wishing - well on front lawn . subtitle appear : " 2:15 pm " and then fade out . cut to mom , drive happily by in she station wagon as she wave to dottie . dottie see mom , try to look cheerful and wave back . cut back to mom who look in she rear view mirror , see she 's not be follow and suddenly screech car into a u-turn as mom 's " psycho theme " play on soundtrack mom 's face turn to stone as ripple flashback effect dissolve to that fateful day in the mall when mom pull up to parallel park and dottie hinkle steal she place from behind . Ripple effect dissolve to the present as the wheel of mom be car skid to a stop . the car door open and mom 's sensible shoe step out as " Mom psycho theme " build . mom close car door quietly , watch dottie hinkle up the street undetected and then take the scissors from she purse and hide they up she sleeve . as mom sneak up street towards dottie , intercut be obsessional flashback of detail of the traumatic parking place incident ; mom' Pov of dottie pull into space , dottie be madden nonchalance as she snottily get out of she car and trot right past mom without the slight apology , mom be sputtering face paralyze with anger when she realize there be nowhere else to park . back in the present , mom start walk faster and faster as she see dottie begin to pack up she gardening tool to go back inside she house . arrive just a second too late as dottie close the door behind she , mom spot a can of gasoline near dottie 's lawnmower . think fast , mom dump gas on dottie 's mail in the mailbox on porch , light it on fire and run from the flame , happily throw a coin into dottie 's wishing well as a afterthought . mom walk as fast as possible back to she car , get in and pull off . smiling evily to herself , she drive by and see dottie hinkle scream in horror and try to beat the fire out with a broom . 18 . exterior towson senior high school . parking lot be fill and the few last parent be enter the building for pta meeting . mom speed into lot and get out of car . subtitle appear : " 3 : o6 pm " and fade out . 19 . interior classroom . mr. stubbins , chip 's teacher , be wind down a one - on - one meeting with another mother , who be in tear . mrs . taplotter but , Mr. stubbin , my son study every night ! he 's try as hard as he can ... mr. stubbins some teenager just be not college material , Mrs , taplotter . it 's nothing to cry over . now , there be other parent wait . ( smugly ) ... thank you for take the time to come to pta . 20 . interior school hallway . outside mr . stubbins ' classroom . Parents be seat in fold chair wait to be call in to conference . mom come rush down corridor and other parent greet she . mrs . sterner hi , beverly . mom hi , Betty . oh , I love you outfit . mrs . sterner thanks . ( snobbily ) it 's a Liz claiborne . mr. sterner Mrs. sutphin , where 's that husband of yours ? ( make a bad dental joke and point to he tooth ) feeling " down in the mouth " ?! hohohohohoho ! mom ( smiling through she tooth ) you be soooo funny , Ralph ... mr. stubbins lean he head out of classroom and look at roll book as mrs . taplotter leave , dabbing she tear with a handkerchief . mr. stuebins Mrs ... sutphin ? mom ( excite ) right here ! mom go in classroom with he . 21 . interior classroom . mr. stubbins Mrs. sutphin , I be Paul stubbin , chip 's math teacher . mom ( shake hand ) Nice to meet you , Mr. stubbin . ( handing he a tin ) a little something I baked . mr. stubbins ( peek inside ) oooohh ! a fruit cake . thank you , Mrs. sutphin . have a seat . mom bon appetit ! they sit on opposite side of he desk . mr. stubbins chip be off to a fine start this year . ( check he roll book ) focus ...conscientious ... participate actively in classroom discussion . mom ( proudly ) he 's a good boy . mr. stubbins ( suddenly serious ) there be one big problem though . mom be smile freeze on she face ever so subtly mom what be it , Mr. stubbin ? mr. stubbins ( spit out the word ) his unhealthy obsession with sick horror film . mom ( relieved ) he be assistant manager of a video shop ... mr. stubbins ( cut she off ) that 's no excuse for a morbid imagination . I catch he draw this in class last week . ( unfold lurid draw of woman get she tongue pull out with the title , " blood feast " ) be there a problem at home ? mom ( shock ) certainly not ! mr. stubbins divorce ? a alcoholic relative ? ( knowingly ) tell I , do chip torture animal when he be young ? mom ( furious ) no , he do not ! we be a loving supportive family , Mr. stubbin . mr. stubbins well , you be do something wrong , Mrs. sutphin . I would recommend therapy for you son . ( rising from he chair ) thank you for take the time to come to pta . 22 . wipe to exterior high school parking lot . mom sit behind wheel of station wagon wear a scary smile . subtitle appear : " 3:32 pm " and fade out . mom see mr . stubbins exit school carry she tin of fruit cake . " Mom 's psycho theme " start on soundtrack and she put she car in gear . closeup of wheel of mom 's car beginning to creep forward mom wave innocently to other parent as she stalk mr . stubbins to he car in isolate faculty parking lot . a trashy teen girl , lu -ann , sneak a joint behind a bush unnotice . shot of mom 's face stare at mr. stubbins in vengeance . over the shoulder shot of mr . stubbins walk directly in mom 's path . closeup of mr. stubbins look up and see mom . he take a stick of gum from he pocket , unwrap it , and pop it in he mouth . mom 's face turn to stone at the last straw of see mr . stubbins chew gum . mom 's Pov of mr. stubbins wave to she . shot of accelerator be floor by mom . shot of mom 's car peel out head straight for mr . stubbins . mom 's Pov of mr. stubbins ' suddenly terrify expression . mr. stubbins ' Pov of mom be car speed at he . mom 's car hit mr . stubbins and send he fly up on car hood . shot of fruit cake tin hit ground and roll . lu - ann , the trashy teen girl scream in horror . mom turn on windshield wiper to wipe away blood but they only smear the blood worse . mom hit windshield wiper fluid button . mr. stubbins ' Pov shot of mom 's insanely happy face through bloody water . suddenly mr. stubbins grab on to side - view mirror and attempt to grab mom through side window . lu - ann watch in horrify amazement and throw down joint like it 's a hot coal . mom start swerving car but mr . stubbins hold on for dear life , grab at mom , pull she hair . mom struggle and bite he hand like a snap turtle . shot of sign " slow - speed bump " . mom hit speed bump and mr . stubbins fly over roof and land in a heap behind she . mom screech to a stop . mom 's Pov , through rearview mirror of mr . stubbins , still alive , struggle to he knee . mom smile sweetly . closeup of automatic gear shift be throw into reverse . mom 's car back up swerving in speed towards mr . stubbins . low-level mr. stubbins ' Pov of rear of car come at he . mom' Pov of mr. stubbins ' desperate struggle to get out of she path . car run directly over he - thuhp - and chew up wad of gum fly out of mr. stubbins ' mouth . mom smile to herself . lu - ann , the only eye-witness , run away in fear . mom peel out and once in main parking lot resume wave innocently to other parent as she flee . mom swerve car into car wash . 23 . interior chip' bedroom . on chip 's large video screen play the ridiculously date but still appall scene from " blood feast " where the madman with the corny , madeup eyebrow rip a girl 's tongue out of she mouth in hokey special effect . subtitle read " 4:22 pm " and fade out . chip and birdie be hoot and holler and eat popcorn as scotty look up from he vintage nudist - camp magazine to watch in real horror and nausea . birdie it 's a sheep 's tongue ! scotty man , I just eat . turn it off . chip Rewind it ! let 's see it again ! scotty no ! that shit be sicken ! put on pussy ! birdie ( torture scotty ) look , Dick -head ! ( Gore scene replay ) slow-motion ! scotty start to gag and try to hide it , birdie ( look at screen ) blood feast ! chip ( proudly ) the " citizen kane " of gore movie . scotty look at gore on video , jump up to run to bathroom , yank open bedroom door and scream when he see mom stand there with a plate of chocolate chip cookie . mom I do not know what it be about today , but I feel great ! scotty ( gagging ) Excuse I , Mrs. sutphin . he run past she to the bathroom . chip hi , Mom . birdie hi , Mrs. sutphin . mom look at tv monitor and see madman take out heart of girl . mom smile inappropriately . mom ( giggles ) you kid . now Birdie , I want you to have a cookie and then run along home . chip but Mom , the video 's not over . mom no " but mom " for you , young man . Mr. stubbin seem to think this silly movie be interfere with you study . ( turn off video with remote ) birdie ( Rolling she eye ) oh , boy ! ( get ready to leave ) chip Mom , Mr. stubbin be a nimrod ! scotty come back in room feel better . scotty man , that one make I puke ! mom ( pick up scotty 's nudist camp magazine and hand it back to he like it 's poison ) you forget something ... scotty ( look around confuse ) be we leave ? mom yes you be . scotty guiltily take back magazine as birdie drag he out . birdie bye , Mrs , sutphin . chip ( affectionately ) bye , bird -brain , see ya , scotty . mom bye , Birdie . ( sitting down next to chip on he bed ) chip , honey ... I know it 's hard be a teenager but I understand .. I be you mother and I love you . chip oh Mom ... mom ( suddenly he buddy ) can we watch that scene again ? you know , where he rip out she heart ? ( giggle scarily ) pleeease ? chip look back at he mom in sudden confusion . 24 . sutphin kitchen . spin - wipe to tomato sauce top meatloaf be take out of the oven by mom . subtitle appear " 6:30 pm " and fade out . 25 . sutphin dine room . dad , misty and chip sit around dining room table . mom enter with the meatloaf and a smile . mom ( jokingly ) lady and gentleman , the perfect meatloaf ! chip look good , Mom ! dad nothing like a home cook meal , honey . mom misty , I make you favorite sesame broccoli ... ( pass it to she ) misty yummy . Carl say if I lose ten pound , he will take I to the University of maryland fall mixer . mom ( appall ) misty , if you want to lose weight go ahead , but do it for yourself , not for some boy you barely know . chip Carl 's a jerk ! dad he certainly drive like a jerk . misty ( get upset ) Carl make I happy and that threaten this family , do not it ? dad do not threaten I , honey . I be happy . mom I be happy too and we want you to be happy . chip ( mockingly ) I be so happy I could shit . mom chip ! you know how much I hate the brown word ! suddenly a scream from outside be hear . 26 . exterior sutphin house . rosemary ackerman , the busy - body next door neighbor be run across lawn from she house to the sutphin . mrs . ackerman beverly ! beverly ! 27 . interior sutphin dine room . family be get up from table in alarm . mom that 's Rosemary . something 's wrong ! chip and misty look at one another and stick finger down they throat at mention of mrs . ackerman be name . rosemary ackerman run in from kitchen in hysterics . mrs . ackerman turn on the news ! ( to chip ) a teacher at you school have be murder ! misty ( appall ) murdered ? chip who ? mrs . ackerman a Mr. stubber ...or stubbin . chip ( horrify ) mr. stubbins ? that 's my math teacher ! 28 . interior sutphin live room . dad run in and turn on tv as family and mrs . ackerman follow and watch under mom 's frame portrait on wail . dad what channel ? mrs . ackerman it 's on all of they ! phone ring . chip grab the receiver . chip hello . we see birdie in split screen . birdie ( excite ) do you hear ? chip what happen ? birdie this be so cool ! it 's just like a horror movie . announcer come on tv . chip it 's on ! I will call you back ! ( hang up ) announcer .. Police claim the driver of the hit and run vehicle run down the teacher in cold blood and then back up over he body to finish off the job . Mr. Paul stubbin be thirty - eight year old ... dad ( mad ) whoever do it should get the death penalty ! mom yawn absentmindedly . announcer ... so far only one eyewitness have surface . mom look up in sudden fear as lu - ann , the trashy pot-smok girl who witness murder appear on screen . luann it be a blue car ... I know that much ! chip that 's lu - Ann hodge ! misty she 's a pothead ! luann ... a blue station wagon ... mrs . ackerman that 's like you car , beverly , mom ( glaring at mrs . ackerman ) I be not that bad a driver . ( disapprovingly at tv screen ) look at she hair ! ( to chip ) turn it off , honey . chip ( he do ) ( in shock ) I can not believe Mr. stubbin be dead . misty you say you hate he . chip well ...he be a asshole ... but he do not deserve to die ! 29 . sutphin master bedroom . wipe to mom finish a silent prayer kneel next to bed as dad read a spy novel under the cover . subtitle appear : " 10:45 pm " and fade out . dad ( put down he book as mom climb in ) I can not stop think about that poor teacher . ( turn out light on he side of bed ) goodnight , honey . do not read late , we have get a big day with the bird tomorrow . mom ( pick up and leaf through " the encyclopedia of bird " ) I have identify every little birdie we be go to watch tomorrow on the Eastern shore . we see that underneath the cover of the bird book , mom be read " helter skelter " . she lightly caress a picture of Manson and close the book and turn out she light . dad goodnight , honey . mom do not I get a kiss ? dad ( move closer ) I just think with all the sadness ... you would not want ... mom ( snuggle up ) we have to concentrate on life , Eugene . dad ( kiss she ) it 's fine with I , beverly . ( kiss she again more passionately ) you want to , honey ? you think the kid be asleep ? mom we can be real quiet ... dad ( get on top of she ) I love that you be my wife . mom ( get turn on ) you be not bad yourself , coo-coo bird ... dad ( gently make love to she ) you bring I such peace ... mom oohhhh , Eugene ! dad shhhh .. mom ( get louder ) oooohhhh . dad do not wake the kid ... mom ( even louder ) ooohhhh ! 30 . misty' bedroom . we see misty , hair in curler , pricing junk for flea market , stop and listen to sound come from parent ' bedroom . 31 . sutphin bedroom . mom and dad be have romantic monogomous sex . mom oooohhh ! yeah ! yeah ! dad ( really turn on ) you be hot tonight , honey ... but be quiet ! shhhh ! the kid ! 32 . chip' bedroom . chip look up from read " fangoria Magazine " and listen in horror to he mother 's distant moan . 33 . sutphin bedroom . mom be panting wildly , a suburban sex machine . dad be amaze but hardly complain . mom yeah ! oohhhh ! get it ! dad ooh , honey , I be ready ! now ! now ! mom ( in orgasm , wildly thrashing ) oohhhhh ! yeah ! yeah ! 34 . hallway between chip and misty' bedroom . chip and misty open bedroom door simultaneously , hear they parent climaxing and look at one another in complete horror . fade to black . 35 . slow fade in to exterior sutphin house . bird be hear greeting the sunrise with they happy chirp . subtitle appear " Saturday , September l9th , 5:3oam " and fade out . 36 . interior sutphin bedroom . mom , dress for bird - watch day -trip , watch the cute little chickadee nibble seed out of she birdfeeder on lawn through binocular from bedroom window . dad , half -awake , stir in he bed . mom ( track a particularly cute bird ) there 's dede ! he 's my favorite chickadee ! he 's here every morning for breakfast . dad ( groggy ) well , honey , chickadee breed in Alaska , you know . no wonder dede 's hungry . it 's a long trip all the way to Baltimore . mom continue tracking the bird in she binocular until she freeze in horror at the sight of mrs . ackerman run she mouth next door to detective moore and bradford and point to mom 's car . suddenly the phone ring with jangling intensity . mom jump . dad hello ... on split screen be obnoxious man from pta , mr . sterner , hold he jaw in pain . mr. sterner Eugene , it 's Ralph sterner . get a dental emergency here ! ( moan in pain ) I mean this goddamn tooth be kill I ! dad well , Mr. sterner , if you call my office , I be sure we can see you Monday . mom start shaking she head " no " to dad just in case . mr. sterner monday ? mrs . sterner , he wife , grab the phone . mrs . sterner Eugene , this be Betty sterner , he will die by Monday ! the root be infect ! he might have a heart attack ! dad ( wearily ) all right , Mrs. sterner ... nine o'clock . mom 's face change to purple rage as she turn to hide she anger from dad . dad ( hang up ) I be sorry , honey . but the bird will still be there next week . mom ( turn to face dad , suddenly stoic ) it 's ok , Eugene . I understand .. I will go fix breakfast . ( exit calmly ) 37 . interior hallway outside sutphine bedroom . mom 's calm turn to immediate rage as she close bedroom door and storm she way downstairs as " Mom 's psycho theme " blare on soundtrack . 38 . chip' bedroom chip be sound asleep . mom enter in a fury . mom ( in he ear , loudly ) chip !! chip ( jumping up in fear from sleep ) God , Mom ! ( look at she scary face ) what 's the matter ? mom ( back to normal , sweetly ) time to get up , that 's all . you will be late for work . chip you scared I . 39 . interior sutphin kitchen . misty be sobbing in fury as she sit forlornly with box up flea-market junk . mom enter and be startle to see she . mom honey , what 's the matter ? mom look out back window in alarm to see det . moore snooping through she box of recycle newspaper as det . bradford nose around she station wagon . misty I be stoodup ! I will kill that bastard ! mom do not say word unless you mean they , misty . ( start fix breakfast ) cop bang loudly on door . mom jump . misty it 's he ! mom no , honey , it 's the police . ( open back door ) hello , officer . subtitle appear " 7:10 be " and then fade out . det . bradford good morning , Mrs. sutphin . misty ( subtly unbuttone she blouse one button ) hi , detective Moore . det . moore ( embarrass ) Morning , misty . ( all business ) Mrs. sutphin , I presume you hear of the death of Mr. stubbin . mom a fine man . a good teacher ... det . bradford ( reading from note ) contrusion ... fracture ... rupture of numerous vital organ ... mom ( in sympathy ) what a mess . mom see scotty pull up in driveway with birdie in he convertible . mom ( see misty 's eye light up at hearing a car ) no , honey , it 's just scotty . ( to cop ) scotty , who do not wear he seatbelt ! dad and chip enter kitchen as birdie and scotty barge in back door . dad good morning , detective . birdie ( dramatically ) nightmare on calverton Court ! scotty the maryland teacher massacre ! det . moore that 's not funny , son . det . bradford do you drive you car to the pta meeting yesterday , Mrs. sutphin ? mom ( butter toast ) yes , I do . dad ( to cop , get angry ) detective , what be this about ? det . moore I know this sound weird , Mr. sutphin , but the Department of motor vehicle 's computer show only one blue station wagon register to a parent of any of Mr. stubbin ' pupil . dad surely you do not think beverly be involved ! scotty ( hamming it up , point to mom ) she did it ! aim the car right at Mr. stubbin and mow he down ! mom ( quickly stare dagger at scotty before patiently address cop ) from what I understand , the eye-witness be a drug user . misty I get somebody you could run over , mother ! dad misty , that 's a terrible thing to say ! ( put he arm protectively around mom ) detective , it 's time for you to leave . my wife know nothing about this terrible ... accident . mom ( correct he ) murder , honey . scotty ( pick up a " people " magazine with ivana trump on the cover ) now , here 's a babe ! cop see magazine cover with the " p " in " people " cut out as in threaten note send to Mrs. ackerman . det . moore ( suspiciously ) let 's see that , young man . misty ( whisper to birdie as she ogle he from behind ) Nice bun ! det . bradford " p " as in ... mom ( glaring at scotty ) ... people who do not mind they own business . dad look at mom suddenly , for the first time show slight suspicion . mom ( to dad ) it 's Mrs. ackerman 's magazine , honey . ( to cop ) look at the subscription label if you do not believe I . ( proudly ) I recycle my magazine . 40 . wipe to exterior mrs . ackeerman house . mrs . ackerman be dump all she bottle and newspaper into the rest of she garbage without the slight think of recycle . subtitle appear " 10:06 be " and fade out . cut to gus and sloppy , two Baltimore County sanitation worker as they pick up bag of neighbor ' recycle trash and scowl in hatred at the environmentally incorrect mrs . ackerman . 41 . interior sutphin kitchen . mom , now alone , be happily separate she can and plastic trash into proper recycle bin as she rock out sing along with the Barry manilow record " daybreak " that spin on she high - fi set . mom ( sing and dance in place as soulfully as possible for she ) " it 's daybreak " if you want to believe it can be daybreak !... " mom look out through she kitchen window and see mrs . ackerman dump styrofoam pack chip in with the rest of she un - recycle garbage . freeze in horror , mom then lunge for mrs . ackerman 's gleam sewing scissors in borrow sewing basket and begin to run out door . suddenly mom see the friendly garbagemen wave to she from truck . she quickly put back the scissors , grab she recyle bag , locate two " miniature " of liquor hide in kitchen cabinet and run out back door . 42 . exterior sutphin house . mrs . ackerman go back inside she house as mom charge out to meet garbagemen with she recyclable . mom do not forget I , boy ! ( holding up blue bag ) all rinse and ready to recycle ! gus Morning , Mrs. sutphin . mom Morning , gus. hello , sloppy . ( sneakily hand they miniature ) here you go . you work hard for the environment . a little drink never hurt anybody . sloppy thanks , mar 'am . ( take a big swig ) damn ! good stuff . ( look at mrs . ackerman 's garbage ) do you believe that goddamn litterbugger ? mom ( finger a tin can ) I have tell she ! it take ninety to one hundred year for a tin can to decompose but she still will not recycle . gus ( also take a guzzle ) cost taxpayer million of dollar last year but she do not care about the national budget ! mom ( deadly serious ) I hate Mrs. ackerman . " Mom 's psycho theme " begin building on soundtrack . gus ( drink , encourage she ) I hate she too . sloppy ( get tipsy , join the bull session ) I hate her gut ! ( egging mom on , laugh ) somebody ought to kill she ! gus ( joke and drink ) yeah , hack she up and recycle she ! mom ( not kid , in a trance ) for the sake of this planet , somebody just might ! " Mom 's psycho theme " climax on soundtrack . 43 . interior rosemary ackeerman house . mrs . ackerman be serve brunch to dottie hinkle as they drink beer together and watch " the Joan Rivers show " on tv as joan interview a fat woman in she 20' . joan ( on tv ) ... but you boyfriend be convict of kill twelve people hag I do not judge he . tv audience groan . joan how can you love a mass -murderer ? hag easy ! he 's handsome . he 's famous . and we get conjugal visit ! joan ( to camera ) serial hag ! woman who Love Men who mutilate ! we will be right back after this ! dottie turn it off . mrs . ackerman do . mrs . ackerman violence be everywhere this day 44 . exterior mrs . ackeerman house . mom run up to window in a frenzy and freeze at the sight of dottie hinkle inside . 45 . interior mrs . ackeerman house . dottie look over and see mom in window and scream . mrs . ackerman ( look up ) oh , it 's just beverly . dottie she scared I . mrs . ackerman ( go to door ) come in , beverly . have some coffee mom ( enter , back to normal , be so -o- of - of nice ) just a half - a- cup . ( to dottie ) hello , dottie . I be so sorry to hear of you trouble ... dottie it 's not fair !! mom ( to mrs . ackerman , notice she flower arrangement ) be that pussy - willow ? mrs . ackerman ( fix the coffee ) dried one . be not they pretty ? dottie freeze in horror when she recognize the p-word in mom 's voice . dottie ( alarm ) what do you just say ? mom ( evily bait dottie under she breath ) pussy - willow , dottie ! mom purposely knock mrs . ackerman 's Franklin mint faberge Egg off table and send it crash to the floor . mom dottie ! watch what you be do ! dottie ( horrify to see mom be blame she ) I do not do it ! rosemary ( crying out , rush to pick up piece ) my Franklin mint faberge Egg ! mom ( helping mrs . ackerman ) dottie do not mean to be a clumsy ox . she 's sorry , be not you , dottie ? dottie ( plead ) Rosemary , I do not break you egg - she do ! mrs . ackerman you could at least apologize , dottie . I collect Franklin mint ! mom and we be go right to the flea market to get another one ! misty tell I there 's a whole booth of Franklin mint stuff . dottie , you lock up . ( evily ) I will take care of poor Rosemary ! dottie ( stammer in fear to mrs . ackerman ) but ...but ... she ... Rosemary , I hear she voice ! it 's she , I tell you , it's her ! 46 . interior dad' dental examination room . dad attempt to do dental work on ralph sterner , the " emergency " patient who let out a blood curdle scream every time dad get the drill anywhere near he mouth . dad Mr. sterner , you have lose a tiny fill . I have to drill deeply enough to remove all the decay . mr. sterner ( whimper ) alright ... go ahead ... but be careful , it really hurt ! ( open mouth ) dad begin to drill again . mr. sterner owwwww '! goddamn you ! you be hurt I on purpose ! 47 . dental waiting room . mrs . sterner , read a old issue of Newsweek , with Jeffrey dahmer on the cover , jump up and run to she husband past the receptionist . 48 . interior dad' examination room . mrs . sterner ( running in ) be you ok , Ralph ? dad Mrs. sterner , please stay in the wait room ! mr. sterner help I , Betty ! he 's worse than the dentist in " the marathon man " ! receptionist ( poke she head in ) sorry to interrupt , Dr. sutphin , but there 's two police detective here to see you ... 49 . interior dad' tiny office . det . moore and det . bradford wait grim -face in the office . subtitle appear " 10:35 be " and fade out . dad ( enter ) what be it , officer ? my patient be wait . det . moore Dr. sutph be you wife a big reader ? dad Bird book mostly ... det . bradford like this we find in she garbage ? ( show he the book ) " urge to kill " . " mass murder in Houston " ? dad I be sure that be my son , chip 's book . det . moore no , they be you wife 's . we check , she buy they down at " the browse and learn bookshop " along with a few other title ... det . bradford ( reading from note ) " helter skelter " , " hunting human " , master Card reference number 7876 . date June 5th . dad ( see they suspicion of mom be serious ) this be ridiculous !! det . bradford Dr. sutphin , be you wife mental ? 50 . outdoor flea market . edmonson drive -in theater . cut to mom 's face , seemingly in the middle of a frenzy as she jump around like a crazy person . camera pull back and we see that she be swatting away a persistent bee as she sit with misty at she flea market table . subtitle appear " 11:20 be " and then disappear . mom damn this yellow - jacket ! I hate them ! misty ( angrily ) always something be not it ? ( to customer ) can I help you ? customer just look . ( walk away ) misty thanks for not buy anything ! mom misty , lighten up . it 's not the customer 's fault Carl stand you up ! mom look over two row and see carl walk through the flea market with a sexpot date . her face turn to stone but she do not let on to misty . cut to mrs . ackerman shopping passionately at the nearby Franklin mint booth . mrs . ackerman ( to vendor ) Young man , this faberge Egg be chip . vendor yes , mar 'am , it be . mrs . ackerman I will give you fifty cent . vendor that 's a Franklin mint piece . eight dollar . mrs . ackerman eight dollar ?! Franklin mint or not , it 's damage goods ! ( put it back ) mrs . ackerman bend over grumble and see a fire poker mark with a price tag of $ 6 . o0 . sneakily she switch price tag of $ 3.00 from another item . mrs . ackerman I will take this instead . vendor Nice one , huh ? Winter 's come . ( look at price momentarily hesit'ate ) Three dollar ?... I guess that 's what I mark it ... mrs . ackerman smirk and pay he . mrs . ackerman come back to misty 's booth carry fire poker . mom ( see mrs . ackeerman purchase , but still watch carl and sexpot date in distance ) do you find you Franklin mint egg , Rosemary darling ? mrs . ackerman I see one , but it be ridiculously overpriced ! mom ( see mrs . ackerman 's fire poker ) you want I to keep that under the table for you ? mrs . ackerman if you would not mind ... ( give it to she ) it be on sale . cut to carl browsing at same Franklin mint booth that mrs . ackerman be shopping in earlier . sexpot date be drool over chip faberge Egg and bat she eye at carl . sexpot date ( in baby talk ) honey , pleeease ? for my little knick - knack shelf ? carl ( to vendor ) wrap it up for the little lady . cut to mom with the fire poker partially conceal under she coat as she stalk carl and sexpot date to baseball memorabilia booth . mom pretend to shop nearby as carl busy oriole penant for himself . mom follow they to concession stand where carl excuse himself for a quick trip to the men' room . sexpot date adjust she cleavage as she wait , much to the embarrassment of young boy walk by . realizing the coast be clear , mom dart into men' room follow carl . 51 . interior men' room . carl be at urinal . subtitle appear " 11:57 be " and fade out . mom rush in unnotice and try to enter first booth and find it lock , she scurries to next booth and enter . a male pervert in lock booth be draw dirty picture on the wall . he look down and see mom 's shoe under the stall and start moan sexually as he write " eat I " with a magic marker . closeup of carl 's face as he piss like a racehorse . pervert look through peep-hole between booth and see mom and moan in silent orgasm . mom pull fire poker out from under she coat . pervert zip up in a panic and flee bathroom in fear . suddenly mom run from she booth with fire poker draw and skewer carl in the back at the urinal . carl scream in horror as mom pull out fire poker with he liver skewer on the end . carl collapse to he knee , he head landing in urinal . mom look horrify at the liver and try to shake it off poker , panicked that someone will come into man 's room . close she eye in revulsion , she pull off liver with she fingertip and throw it on floor . running from men' room , she slip in gore , catch she balance , look back at carl 's head in urinal , hesitates and finally run back to flush toilet before escape undetected . 52 . misty' flea market table . a hip young couple be buy a hideous amateur oil painting of Don knott from misty . boy I can not believe it ! fuckin ' Don knott ! girl ( happily ) it 's beyond ugly ! misty ( give they back change ) there you go ... cut to mom approach , look happy and compose with fire poker conceal under she coat . mom ( Calling out ) misty , honey , look ! ( holding up a set of cereal bowl ) I make a kill ! 53 . interior men' room . a macho man enter nibble lamb off a shishkobab . he see carl 's body and scream in the best fay Ray tradition . subtitle appear " l2 : llpm " and then fade out . 54 . misty' flea market table . mom be show misty she new cereal bowl as mrs . ackerman return . mrs . ackerman ( upset ) I go back to get my faberge Egg and some idiot buy it ! siren be hear in the distance . mom ( caress fire poker back under table , threateningly ) it 's just not you day , be it Rosemary ? misty ( see cop car and ambulance enter flea market as customer start run towards concession stand ) watch the booth ! I will be back ! ( run off to join the crowd ) mrs . ackerman ( spot a small hunk of gore stick to bottom of mom 's shoe ) beverly , honey , you have get some ... ( wrinkle up she nose ) ... do - do on you shoe . mom ewwww ! ( wipe it off on grass ) thank you , Rosemary . mrs . ackerman notice stain with odd unease . 55 . exterior concession stand . cop be hold back carl be sobbing and hysterical sexpot date as she clutches she faberge Egg while paramedics remove carl be body from the mens room on a stretcher . det . moore and bradford be roughly frisk bathroom pervert . pervert there be a lady in the men' room ! I swear ! a pretty little lady in the stall right next to I ! misty push she way through rubberneck crowd until she finally see carl be face right before the paramedics give the final zip to the body bag . she let out a blood-curdling scream . det . bradford look up into misty 's horror fill face and turn in suspicion to det . moore only to see he partner make eye with sexpot date , who in between sob , be flirt back with all she might . 56 . misty' booth . mrs . ackerman be look in revulsion at what appear to be dry blood on the end of she fire - poker store under the flea market table as mom happily sell pee - wee herman doll to New York dealer . mom that 's one- hundred fifty - eight dollar . dealer will you take a New York check ? mom certainly . mrs . ackerman reach down and touch the end of fire poker and almost faint when she see red on she fingertip . misty hysterically return to booth , cry and scream . misty mother ! it 's Carl ! he 's dead ! mrs . ackerman look in sudden fear at mom . mom 0h , that 's horrible , honey . ( suddenly cheerful ) I sell the pee - wee herman doll !! misty ( appall ) mother ! do you hear I ?! someone murder Carl in the mensroom ! I see he dead body ! mom ( quietly , sweetly ) you get you wish . misty ( stun ) but ... ( back away ) I do not wish ... I do not want he dead ! mrs . ackerman gulp in horror . 57 . interior mom' bedroom . dad be frantically search through mom 's stuff and find a scrapbook which be fill page after page with newspaper clipping about famous mass murderer . he gasp in horror and then look between mattress and box-springs and find a stack of letter and a few cassette tape . he look in shock at return address of first letter - " Richard speck , statesville correctional Center , joliet , Illinois 60434 " . he tear open envelope and out fall a 8xlo glossy photo of a naked Richard speck with the inscription " to beverly . Love , Richard speck " . shake he head in horror , dad put cassette in tape player and push play button . the voice on the tape boom out in bedroom , " beverly , it 's I , Ted Bundy . it 's late at night six day before my execution and it 's lonely here on death row ... " . dad lunge for machine to push off button and accidentally turn on the radio . news announcer ... update the top story of the hour , the young man brutally murder a short time ago in the mens room of the edmonson flea market have be identify as 22 year old Carl padgett of towson ... dad slam down off button on radio and sob in shock . 58 . interior " suburban cult video shop " . chip1 on duty as manager , along with birdie and scotty and a few other horror - nut customer watch on large video monitor Joan Crawford get off a train in William Castle 's " straight jacket " . the suspense build as Joan on video spy through a window at she husband with another woman , pick up a ax and cut off he head . suddenly misty run into video shop in hysterics . misty chip ! we mother be Charles Manson ! all the kid laugh uproarously as Joan scream on video " I be not guilty " while struggle in a straight jacket . misty ( grabbing the remote and turn off the video ) ( to chip ) I be not kid . Carl stand I up this morning and then he be murder at the flea market .... chip murdered ?!! misty yes murder ! you say you hate you teacher yesterday and he be murder too . I do not know ... maybe Mom 's nut ! chip it 's a cool idea , misty ! let 's make a gore movie about Mom ! better yet , a tv series ! birdie can I borrow you mother ? my aunt be come over to dinner tonight and she 's always on my nerve . kid my step - father be a asshole ! she could kill he ! chip ( bait misty ) how about Mrs. ackerman ? we both hate she ! ( playfully ) should she be the next victim ? misty no! stop it ! it 's not funny . Mom might do it ! ( sob ) someone else might die . scotty ( comfort she ) I believe you , misty . you mother could kill - I have see that look in she eye ! ( timidly ) be there a reward or anything ? 59 . dissolve to interior sutphin dine room . mom come through kitchen door and serve a fancy tuna casserole . mom dinner 's serve ! subtitle appear " 6:01 pm " and then fade out . misty look at she mother in terror . dad treat mom with kid glove . chip be completely oblivious to they concern . dad let 's say grace and pray that we have the strength to understand the terrible tragedy of the last few day . mom amen to that . ( happily ) it 's be a crazy day , have not it ?! misty pale , dad look at mom in fear . 60 . mrs . ackeerman live room . det . moore and several other cop be take down every word mrs . ackerman say in notebook and on tape recorder . mrs . ackerman ... dottie hinkle be right - it be beverly sutphin ! I tell you I see blood right on the bottom of she shoe ! not exactly blood - it be gore ! hanging right there like a runny nose !! 61 . interior dottie hinkle's live room . det . bradford and several other police officer be take she statement and try to calm she down , dottie Nice as pie she be to I and then I hear she say it ! det . bradford say what , mar 'am ? dottie " be that ... " ( give up ) I can not say the word out loud . det . bradford ( try to comfort she ) could you tell a policewoman the exact word she use ? dottie ( be pitiful ) maybe ... a huge galute of a policewoman sit next to dottie and pat she hand . policewoman it 's ok ... nobody 's gonna hurt you . ( whisper ) come on , let it out ... dottie ( yelling loudly , startling all the cop in the room ) " pussy " she say to I ! " pussy willow ! " 62 . interior sutphin dine room . the family be eat in uneasy silence . chip ( excite , happy ) you know Mom , scotty think you be the killer ! misty choke on she food , dad laugh unconvincingly . mom ( laugh ) do he ? ( smiling to chip ) for a boy who do not wear seat belt , scotty 's awfully nosy . ( get up ) Excuse I a second . ( exit into kitchen ) the whole family sit in awkward silence . 63 . exterior sutphin house . rookie cop sit in cop car on surveillance duty watch the sutphin house in eery silence . 64 . sutphin dine room . family be squirming in they seat in nervous silence . misty suddenly bolt from table and run towards kitchen . 65 . sutphin kitchen . misty run in . no one be there . on blackboard , write in chalk be " went to the 7 - il , mom " . misty she 's go ! chip and dad rush in . misty ( blurt it out ) she 's gonna kill scotty ! dad ( no longer pretend ) both of you ! get in the car ! chip ( horrify ) dad ! you don't think she did it ??! misty I do ! Mom 's go crazy ! dad ( to chip ) you mother may have some problem , that 's all , chip . ( to both ) c'mon ! hurry ! 66 . exterior sutphin . mom peel out in she station wagon like a bat out of hell . rookie cop look up in shock , clumsily throw the car in gear and take off behind she . subtitle appear " 6:36 pm " and then fade out . 67 . interior mom' station wagon . mom be drive like a lunatic , she see the red light of pursue police car in rear-view mirror and floor it as she hit play button of tape deck in car and begin sing along loudly and scarily to she favorite song , Barry manilow 's " daybreak " , mom " ... ai not no time to grieve and it 's daybreak !!! let it shine , shine , shine , all around the world !! " 68 . interior cop car . rookie cop be sweat bullet speed after mom 's car and grab police radio . rookie may day !! may day !! 69 . interior mom' car . mom be " dance " in place and gyrate to the beat as she belt out the finale of " daybreak " and suddenly turn the steering wheel violently to the right . 70 . exterior mrs . hinkle's house . mom 's car veer across lawn and flatten Mrs. hinkle 's entire flower garden as she plow she way back to street . det . bradford come run out of house and jump out of way as rookie cop 's car skid around corner and smashes into Mrs. ackerman 's wishing well decoration in she front yard . dottie hinkle be hold back by burly policewoman on porch as she curse mom in the distance . dottie you rotten mother - fucker ! you lousy cock -sucker ! 71 . interior dad' car . dad be at the wheel drive with misty in front and chip in the back . misty ( to dad ) turn right on timonioum Road . hurry , dad ! chip ( scare for the first time ) if Mom 's a psycho , scotty will still be ok , will not he ? dad we hope so , son . and no matter what you mother be , we will love she anyway . 72 . interior detective moore' car . det . moore ( follow the sutphin , into police radio mike ) suspect 's family be head east on calverton .... 73 . interior mom' car . mom turn off tape player and pull to a stop on a quiet suburban street . she fix she hair in rear view mirror , smile , then take out rubber dish - wash glove and slip they on she hand . 74 . interior scotty' bedroom at he parent ' house . scotty lie in bed , surround by vintage sexploitation movie poster that decorate he wall ( " Garden of eden " , " mud -honey " , " there she blow " ) , and watch on video the ridiculous 70 's trash film " double - agent ' 73 " star chesty Morgan . in the credit sequence he see miss Morgan " photograph " man with she humongous breast that supposedly have camera implant inside . scotty be get turn on . he run to lock bedroom door , close curtain on window and then hop under a blanket to commit the sin of self - abuse . 75 . exterior scotty' parent ' house . dad , misty and chip pull up , run to front door and pound on it . detective moore pull up at a safe distance behind they and watch from police car . subtitle appear " 7:01 pm " and disappear . 76 . interior scotty' bedroom . scotty be watch chesty Morgan on video roll about in hideous hot pants and insane 1970 's platform shoe as he concentrate on she gigantic breast and touch himself off camera . he hear bang at door , curse whoever it be , and decide to ignore they . 77 . exterior scotty' parent ' house . dad jiggle the door unsuccessfully until chip slither through a open window and let misty and dad inside . 78 . interior detective moore' police car . det . bradford . ( into police radio mike ) suspect 's family be enter house . send backup to 2l14 sycamore Street . I have get a feel old Mom 's inside . I be goin ' in ! heroic music blare on soundtrack as he leap from car and pull gun . subtitle appear " 7:24 pm " and then fade out . 79 . CUT to mom stare evily through plate glass window from outside a suburban house . reverse angle show not scotty , but the dental emergency couple , the sterner , as they sit in they dining room eat a dinner of cornish game hen . mom zero in on the game hen and flash back to " dede " and the other cute bird in she bird - feeder at home . as the couple viciously slice apart the game hen and stuff the meat in they mouth , mom break a small pane of glass in back door to gain entry . mrs . sterner what be that ? mr. sterner I do not hear anything . get any dessert ? mrs . sterner Dr. sutphin say no sweet for you . mr. sterner what 's he know ? mrs . sterner how to send a bill !! they both laugh uproarously at she bad joke . 80 . sterner kitchen . mom be listen in disgust , notice a limp plant , water it thoughtfully and then jump out of the way to hide as mrs . sterner come into kitchen to get a large chocolate pie . 81 . interior scotty' bedroom . scotty have the whole bed vibrate noisily as he watch chesty Morgan on video in hideous green plaid bell bottom as she " photograph " evidence with she breast . 82 . interior scotty' parent ' house . hallway . dad , misty and chip creep up the step towards scotty 's bedroom . 83 . exterior scotty' parent ' house . det . bradford signal the newly arrive det . moore and a small swat team in battle gear to follow he quietly to scotty 's front door . 84 . interior sterner' dine room . mr. sterner cut himself a second piece of chocolate pie and pig it down . 85 . interior sterner' bedroom . mrs . sterner ( yelling downstairs ) Ralph , " wheel of fortune " 's on !! as mrs . sterner continue to watch tv we see she get ready for bed . we see she change from she shoe to bedroom slipper from under the bed . we see she brush she hair from behind the mirror . we see she open she drawer and take out birth - control foam from inside the bureau . we see she go to close curtain move ominously in the breeze and close the window from the other side . mrs . sterner ( Calling out ) Ralph , you be miss it ! mrs . sterner take off she dress to reveal monstrous white all - in- one bra and girdle and move to closet door . she open closet door and hesitates . we see shoe in bottom of closet move slightly . suddenly a mouse scurries out of shoe and run across floor as mrs . sterner scream , 86 . sterner dine room . mr. sterner ( as chocolate ooze in he mouth ) what be it , Betty ? 87 . sterner bedroom . mrs . sterner ( still shaking ) we have mouse ! I mean it , Ralph ! I see one ! mrs . sterner reach for nightgown and pull it off hanger to reveal mom 's insane face . suddenly mom stab mrs . sterner viciously in the stomach with mrs . ackerman 's scissors . mom ( scarily ) always brush after every meal ! mrs . sterner open she mouth in a silent scream as mom pull out the scissors and stab she again and again as a large rat in the closet run out and begin bite mrs . sterner 's ankle at the same time . 88 . sterner dine room . mr. sterner burp in front of empty plate and hear loud thud from upstairs . he get up from table . mr. sterner ( Calling upstairs ) Betty ? 89 . sterner bedroom . mrs . sterner be dead on the floor with scissors stick out of she as mom attempt to clean up the blood with the household product , " shout " . 90 . hallway sterner house . mr. sterner run up stair , suddenly alarmed . mr. sterner Betty ? Betty , answer I ! 91 . sterner bedroom mom look up from clean and smile as mr . sterner run in , see the grisly sight and scream in horror . mom ( holding up bottle of " shout " and do mock tv - ad ) " shout it out " . mom suddenly pull scissors out of mrs . sterner 's stomach and expertly throw they like a knife at mr . sterner 's head . he duck in the nick of time and the scissors stick in the wall . mr. sterner turn and run in fear as mom give chase , grab the scissors out of the wall . 92 . hallway . sterner house . mr. sterner run down the step scream as mom run after he . she throw the scissors at he again , but just miss he . think fast , mr . sterner grab scissors from wall and throw they back at mom . she duck in the nick of time and she face go purple with rage . mom you will pay for that , Ralph sterner !! as mr. sterner run to back door , mom charge back up the step to bedroom . 93 . sterner bedroom . mom rush in and watch mr . sterner from above from bedroom window as he run out of house . 94 . sterner lawn . mr. sterner run across lawn scream . mr. sterner help ! police !! 95 . sterner bedroom . mom be rock air conditioner in window back and forth until she get it loose . see he right below , mom shove it out window with all she might . 96 . sterner lawn . mr. sterner look up at air conditioner fall from above and scream the second before he be crush like a insect . 97 . scotty' bedroom . scotty be moan in orgasm as he watch ludicrous chesty Morgan " secret agent " breast footage on video screen . 98 . outside scotty' bedroom door . dad , misty and chip look at one another in horror think scotty 's moan be cry of pain and they break down he door to save he . 99 . scotty' bedroom . scotty stare in complete mortification as the sutphin family catch he in the middle of a orgasm . when detective moore and bradford and they ridiculously overprepare swat team flood the bedroom , scream " freeze " and " hand over you head " , scotty fume in anger as misty and chip giggle in relief and dad turn red in embarrassment . 100 . wipe to exterior sutphin house . dad 's car pull up and the relieved sutphin family hop out and run to house . subtitle appear " 9:02 pm " and fade out . dad Home sweet Home ! everything 's fine , kid ! misty ( laugh ) I can not believe I think my own mother be a murderess ! chip I be disappointed she be not ! ( in wonder ) for a while there , it be like be in a movie ! 101 . sutphin dine room . mom be seat happily at table . dad , misty and chip enter . mom ( beam happily ) anybody for dessert ? m-m-m-m -m , strawberry ! fade to black . 102 . fade in to ST . timothy's episcopal church . sign out front announce the service : " 11:00 be . Holy eucharist service . sermon : ' Capitol punishment and you ' " . families stream into church . subtitle appear " 10:37 be , Sunday September 20th " and fade out . 103 . exterior sutphin house . mom , dad , chip and misty walk out front door dress in they Sunday finest . suddenly they wholesome smile freeze on they face . cop car be everywhere watch mom 's every move . detective moore and bradford smile hatefully at mom , pressure she with they high-visibility surveillance . the family nervously get in they car and dad turn the ignition . cop after cop after cop start up they engine . as dad pull out of the driveway in he car the cop file into a procession of intimidation behind he . 104 . interior det . moore and det . bradford ' car . det . bradford ( talk into police radio ) ... sutphin family proceeding west on seminary Avenue . beverly be not goin ' nowhere this time . 105 . interior sutphin car . misty ( scare ) dad , I think it be ok . make they go away . this be embarrassing . dad just ignore the police . it 's all a terrible mistake . he turn on radio to music . chip think we will get on " a current affair " ? 106 . interior det . moore and bradford car . det . moore she 's head for church . det . bradford ( to police dispatcher on radio ) I say we nail she ! dispatcher ( on radio ) negative . d.a. say no bust until lab report be back match suspect 's fingerprint on true-crime book with that on scissors and fire poker . det . bradford ( to det . moore ) she may be beaver cleaver 's mother ... but Jim Jones and the entire people 's Temple just fuck she ! 107 . interior sutphin car . misty , chip and dad listen in appal silence to news report on radio as mom seem unfaze . announcer ... the senseless kill last night of towson couple , Ralph and Betty sterner , bring to a total of four murder police feel may have be commit by Baltimore 's first serial killer ... dad look at mom in stunne disbelief . dad beverly ! not the sterner ! mom ( calmly ) it 's a shame . but they should brush they tooth , honey . announcer ( on radio ) this just come in . Police Lieutenant Ronald habbler have publicly name a suspect in the serial killer case and it 's a shocker ! she , that 's right , she have be identify as beverly R. sutphin of 2815 calverton Court ... misty oh God ! ( in despair ) now I will never get a boyfriend ! dad ( nervously ) beverly , I have be read all about it ... be it menopause ? mom oh , honey ! chip tell I the truth , Mom ! it 's ok with I , really ! be you a serial killer ? mom chip , the only cereal I know about be Rice krispy . sutphin car pull to a stop at a red light next to car full of churchgoer . mom turn to smile at they and all the churchgoer scream in horror at the sight of she face . dad ( lovingly , painfully ) do not worry , beverly . we be go to get you good psychiatric help . 108 . exterior ST . timothy's episcopal church . mrs . ackerman and mrs . hinkle look up in amazement as they see the sutphin pull into church parking lot follow by string of police car . the sutphin nervously get out of car and walk towards church as the good Christian family glare at they and gossip with a vengeance . dad try to be brave , misty hang she head in mortification , chip be excited by all the attention and mom smile happily to appal worshipper . gus and sloppy , the two garbagem , dress in they shabby church clothes wave to mom in secret admiration . birdie 's eye light up at see chip but she suddenly forbid parent hold she back when she try to join he . she mouth " I love you " to he as chip look back to she parent with hurt and confusion . as the sutphin family reach the church door , a reporter run towards they with he camera draw . reporter ( to mom ) so , Mrs. sutphin ! tell I ! be you " serial Mom " ? mom who ? dad ( block he face from strobing flash ) no comment ! chip ( to himself ) " serial Mom " ? ( he look at he mom who be perversely enjoy the attention ) wow ! misty , who can not help but notice that the reporter be strikingly handsome , give he a obviously flirtatious smile before dad yank she into church with the rest of they . 109 . interior ST . timothy's church . father stone , a mild and kind look Episcopal priest have just begin the service . father stone ( on altar ) bless be God , Father , Son and Holy Spirit ... all and bless be his kingdom , now and forever . amen ... the sutphin take they place in a half fill pew next to appal young married couple as a still mortify scotty glare in hatred and vengeance from a pew in the back of the church . birdie 's face be cover in tear as she sit with she parent helplessly . misty turn in she seat and search the hostile crowd for the face of the cute reporter . when she spot he secretly snap she photo , she subtly give he a sexy pose . 110 . exterior church . detective moore and bradford wait with other cop outside they car as voice come over police radio . captain johnson this be Captain Johnson from homicide . Lab report confirm sutphin latent print of index finger on true-crime book match that latent print lift from murder weapon . bingo , boy ! bust the bitch ! cop smile in silent victory as they immediately spread out and approach the church . 111 . interior church . father stone be give the sermon in a kindly tone . father stone ... Jesus say nothing to condemn capital punishment as he hang on the cross , do he ?! mrs . ackerman and mrs . hinkle nod in pious agreement . father stone ... if ever there be a time to go on record against the death penalty , wasn't it that night ?!... dad gulp and lovingly take mom 's hand as misty and chip look at one another appal while mom continue she defiant smile . father stone capital punishment be already the law in the State of maryland !... detective moore and bradford and all the cop begin infiltrate the church , take place in pews and then move forward to other pews closer to mom . scotty beam at police presence and eagerly scoot over to let det . bradford and det . moore sit with he on they way to nail mom . gus and sloppy , the garbagem , scowl at the police and look with loyalty to poor mom . father stone ... so what be we waiting for , fellow christian ?! let' just do it !! all amen ! father stone now , let we pray and humbly confess we sin unto almighty God . as congregation pray along with father stone , cop flood the church and move towards mom . congregation ... most merciful God , we confess that we have sin against thee ... chip and misty ... by what we have do ... birdie &amp ; parent ... and by what we have leave undone ... dad ... we be truly sorry and we humbly repent ... mom ( pray piously , but beginning to sniffle a sneeze ) ... so that we may delight in thy will ... a baby in the arm of a mother in pew in front of mom stare back at mom . mom ... and walk in the way to the glory ... ( start to sneeze and catch herself ) ...of thy name ... all amen ! mom sneeze and a hunk of phlegm fly out and hit baby square in face . baby mother scream in horror at see she baby 's face and the entire congregation1 think she 's be attack by mom , dive to the floor in terror . cop draw gun and leap over pews as complete pandemonium break out in church . just as det . moore and det . bradford be about to grab mom , gus and sloppy punch the cop in the mouth and mom run off . dad look for mom in a panic and realize she have vanish . chip cringe in fear as horde of cop surround he family until he be relieved to see that mom have escape . misty give " dramatic " pose of " fear " and " horror " as cute reporter snap she picture excitedly . birdie escape she parent , run to chip , embrace he and together they take off . father stone stare out from altar in shock as worshipper scream and trample each other try to get out of church as police try to restore order . scotty , try to be macho , fight he way towards front of church and for a split - second see chip , birdie and mom run out back door of sacristy in escape . scotty there she be !! mom blow a quick kiss to gus and sloppy who beam in happiness at help she escape . 112 . exterior church parking lot . chip and birdie be " hot -wire " scotty 's car as mom lie hide out of view on back seat of car . 113 . interior scotty' car . chip we will show them , Mom , we will go on " 60 Minutes " ! the car engine start up . birdie alright ( to mom ) you be bigger than Jason or freddie now ! ( in wonderment ) only you be a real person ! mom ( innocently ) do you think I will need a lawyer ? chip ( put on he seat belt ) you need a agent ! chip peel out . 114 . exterior church parking lot . reporter have chase dad and misty to they car , still take picture as cop flood the area look for mom . dad no comment ! please ! my wife be miss ! I be worried sick about she ! ( get in car ) reporter hey , misty ! just a few more shot , ok ? I be hank hawkins from the Baltimore Sun . misty ( flirt boldly and pose ) hi , hank . dad ( appall , open passenger door from inside ) misty sutphin , get in this car !! 115 . exterior " suburban cult video " shop . chip and birdie hurry mom from car and run to door of shop as chip fumble for he key to open up . 116 . interior " suburban cult video " shop . chip and birdie hustle mom into the shop and lead she to the " Gore " section and open a door cover with violent video display box to reveal a small closet . chip in here , Mom ... mom but , chip ... customer begin bang on door . chip get in , Mom ! I have to open . mom this be so silly . ( get in ) chip close door behind she and then insert cassette into vcr and push " play " button . on video in shop we see " leatherface " in " the Texas chainsaw massacre " jump out from behind a bush and hack up a male victim . birdie let in the first customer of the day , a middle age battle - ax , mrs . jenson . birdie good morning , Mrs. jenson . mrs . jenson ( scowl at video screen where " leatherface " chase a girl to house where he " chainsaw " he way through door as the victim scream in terror ) have not you have enough violence , chip sutphin ? turn that filth off ! chip ( turn it off ) sorry , mar 'am . mrs . jenson do you have the musical , " Annie " ? chip ( Rolling he eye and get the cassette ) sure do . do you bring back " ghost dad " ? mrs . jenson ( rooting in she purse and hand chip the casette ) there you go . I love Bill cosby picture . chip ( look at cassette in frustration ) Mrs. Jensen , I have tell you . you have to rewind the tape before return they ! mrs . jenson ( belligerently ) why ? chip because it 's the rule ! mrs . jenson ( defiantly ) I do not feel like rewind it ! mom 's face turn to stone in closet . chip ( exasperate ) you see the sign ! it 's a dollar fine for not rewind and this time I be gonna charge you ! $ 2.99 plus one dollar be $ 3.99 ! mrs . jenson ( slam money down and grab video ) keep the change , you son of a psycho ! mrs . jenson stomp to door and slam it behind she as mom 's face twist in rage as she listen . birdie what a bitch ! chip it 's the influence of all that family film . ( turn to closet ) right , Mom ? ( no answer ) hey , Mom ??... ( still no answer ) birdie ( nervously ) Mrs. sutphin ? chip mother ? ( open door to reveal empty closet ) birdie 0h , shit ! chip you do not think .... birdie she would not ... birdie run to back of shop and see open door to street . chip ( panicked ) what 's Mrs. jenson 's address ? birdie run to file and start go through they . birdie ... jenner ... jenson , emy Lou jenson . 3511 Clark Avenue ! chip that 's right up the street ! come on ! just in case ! 117 . exterior " suburban cult video " shop . chip and birdie exit in a panic and run up the street . Hidden behind he " borrow " car across the street be scotty who have be watch they all along . he take off on foot after they . 118 . interior mrs . jenson's kitchen . a carve knife slice through leg-of - lamb on kitchen table . camera pan up to mrs . jenson 's happy face as she fix herself a leg-of - lamb sandwich and exit to live room . 119 . interior mrs . jenson's live room . mrs . jenson kick off she shoe , excitedly pop videocassette into she vcr and climb into she recliner for a relax afternoon of video pleasure . she take a big bite out of she sandwich , twang the remote to start the video and smile excitedly at hearing the overture to " tomorrow " begin over the credit sequence to " Annie " , she favorite musical . subtitle appear " 12:09 pm " and fade out . 120 . interior mrs . jenson's kitchen . the door handle jiggle ominously . 121 . interior mrs . jenson's live room . a large dog rise up next to mrs . jenson . mrs . jenson what be it , sylvester , a bird ? shhhh . mommy 's watch " Annie " . 122 . interior mrs ' . jenson's kitchen . mom look over she shoulder to make sure no one be watch and then slowly let herself in kitchen door . her eye immediately go to gleam butcher knife on table . 123 . interior mrs . jenson's live room . the dog growl . mrs . jenson quiet , sylvester . nobody 's there . shhh ... lick mommy 's foot . ( wiggles toe at dog ) come on ! get them all wet ! ( start sing along with video ) " the sun come out tomorrow ... " dog growl and head toward kitchen . 124 . exterior mrs . jenson's house . chip and birdie stand outside look up at house in fear . chip ( to birdie ) come on ! they sneak to side of house . cut to scotty watch they from a distance . 125 . interior jenson kitchen . mom be down on floor with mean dog get he to roll over and " beg " for she with gusto as " Annie " soundtrack blare from live room . 126 . interior jenson live room . mrs . jenson be bellow out the lyric to " tomorrow " along with the soundtrack . mrs . jenson " the sun come out tomorrow and you have get to hang on to tomorrow come what may ... " 127 . interior kitchen . mom grab butcher knife . 128 . exterior mrs . jenson's house . chip and birdie be below window to she tv room . chip give birdie a leg - up so she can see inside . birdie' Pov shot of mrs . jenson sing along . mrs . jenson " tomorrow ! tomorrow ! I love you tomorrow you be only a day away ! " 129 . garage roof nearby . scotty have climb up and have a direct view over chip and birdie into mrs . jenson be window . 130 . interior jenson kitchen . Hand hold camera follow mom clutching knife out of the kitchen into live room as she sneak up on a sing mrs . jenson . 131 . garage roof . scotty look horrify to see a figure sneaking up on mrs . jenson through window . 132 . interior jenson live room . mom change she mind , put down knife and go back into kitchen . 133 . garage roof . scotty sigh in relief . 134 . exterior jenson house . birdie give chip a leg - up and he get a glimpse of the sing mrs . jenson building to the finale of " tomorrow " . mrs . jenson " tomorrow ! tomorrow ! tomorrow ! I love you ... " 135 . jenson kitchen . mom pick up entire leg-of - lamb by the bone as she eye light up in homicidal glee . she lean down , kiss the dog on the lip , and exit back to live room . 136 . interior jenson live room . mrs . jenson be practically leaping we of she recliner sing along with the finale to " tomorrow " on the credit to " Annie " as mom creep up behind she with leg-of- lamb . mrs . jenson " .... tomorrow ! you be only a day ... awaaaaay !!! " mom bludgeon mrs . jenson with the leg-of- lamb on the final note of the song . blood splatter the happy scene on the tv screen . mrs . jenson try to struggle up from the floor but mom hit she over the head again with leg-of - lamb and finish she off . mom zap the off button and softly sing to herself in the sudden silence . mom " tomorrow !.. tomorrow !.. tomorrow ! I love you ... mom bludgeon she one more time and then push the rewind button in revenge . 137 . garage roof . scotty let out a terror- fill scream . 138 . interior jenson live room . mom look out window in search of scream and zoom right in on scotty 's horrify face . 139 . exterior jenson house . chip and birdie look at each other in panic after hearing scotty scream and see he run away behind they . 140 . interior jenion live room . the dog be devour the leg-of - lamb on the floor . mom grab butcher knife , and take off after scotty . 141 . exterior jenson house . chip be give birdie a frantic leg-up . birdie Pov shot of mrs . jenson 's batter corpse . the dog lunge at birdie in window . birdie scream in horror and fall to the ground . birdie I see blood ! and it 's brown ! not red like in horror movie , but brown !! chip ( terrify ) be mom ... in there ? birdie no ! ( obsess ) it be not like gore movie at all ! ( burst into tear ) it be real ! chip grab she arm and they run . 142 . exterior jenson house - other side . mom come run out front , see scotty run in the other direction and charge after he like a bat out of hell . 143 . up the STREET . scotty run , look over he shoulder , horrify to see mom chase he with a butcher knife . 144 . mrs . jenson's neighborhood . birdie and chip run in fear across suburban back lawn . birdie oh God , I think I be go to be sick ... birdie vomit into the hot coal of somebody 's outside cooking grill as horrify housewife look out she window at she , about to begin cookout and scream in revulsion . chip grab birdie and they run away . 145 . exterior " suburban cult video " shop . scotty 's convertible await he as he race towards it with mom gain on he with every stride . scotty lunge for door handle , fumble with key and hop in just in time . mom plunge butcher knife through convertible top as he put key in ignition . mom wear you seatbelt ! it's the law !! 146 . interior scotty' car . scotty start engine as he duck the repeat knife jab through he convertible top . 147 . suburban STREET . scotty peel out , shower mom with gravel . a van pull to a stop . Inside be two burglars ; one white , the other black . they be surround by obvious loot : vcr 's , camera and silverware . mom turn to they with knife . burglar a what the fuck be that ? burglar B Betty crocker go psycho ! mom yank open van door and point knife inside . mom ( primly ) give I you fuck van before I kill you ! burglar a ( hopping out of driver 's seat ) yes , mar 'am . it 's all yours . burglar B ( hopping out as mom hop in and pull off ) drive carefully ! ( to fellow burglar a ) White people sure be something ! 148 . interior scotty' car . scotty be speed along , relieved to get away . scotty ( to himself out loud ) dear God ... I promise I will never watch a sex film again ... I promise , I promise .... 149 . interior stolen van . mom switch gear like evil knieval and skid around corner in hot pursuit . 150 . interior scotty' car . scotty check rearview mirror and see a van speed up behind he . scotty oh shit ! ( he floor it ) 151 . suburban intersection . chip and birdie be run down street . dad and misty be drive in other direction look for mom . see chip and birdie , dad screech on the brake and the kid run to car in relief and jump in . suddenly scotty roar by in he car with mom in hot pursuit . she see dad and family and blow they a lunatic kiss . dad hold on , kid ! dad take off after mom in car . a cop see the speed caravan as it careen around a corner . cop all unit ! serial mom head south on York Road . proceed with caution ! she' armed and fuckin ' nut !! 152 . exterior " hammerjacks " . huge rock and ' Roll Palace . large sign announce " sunday rock -a-thon . in person - ' camel lip ' " scotty careen into parking lot in he convertible . subtitle appear " 2:47 pm " and fade out . 153 . interior hammerjacks . on stage , " camel lip " , a all - female grunge - punk -metal band , dress in they trademark skin tight slack that give the group they name , perform they hit song " Gas chamber " . the monstrous but beautiful lead singer bellow and snarl the lyric as the drummer , a brain dead drug idiot , hit herself on head with drumstick in between beat as criminal look biker - chick guitarist play she instrument and mock -hump it with sexual abandon . the audience of on - the-edge kid go bezerk , guzzle beer and slam dance with frightening intensity 154 . exterior hammerjacks . mom speed into parking lot . scotty be look over he shoulder in fear as he near the entrance wait in line with grunge- metal kid . doorman ( to scotty ) i.d.? scotty ( panicked ) can I give it to you inside ? doorman hey , buddy . nobody get inside without i.d. scotty fumble for he wallet . mom be hurry across parking lot stare at scotty with a vengeance . dad and the kid speed into parking lot and jump out of car . doorman ( look at scotty 's i.d. ) birthdate ? scotty ( strain to remember information on he fake i.d. ) uh ... December 14th , 1975 . ( plead ) please ! doorhan ok , go ahead , scotty snatch back i.d. and rush inside . as horde of cop car with light blink and siren blaring screech into parking lot , mom push she way up in line and greet startle kid who recognize she . mom hi ! I know you mom ... kid a it 's she ! kid B who ? mom Excuse I . ( push she way up in line ) Age before beauty ... kid C the murder lady ! the one on tv ! kid B cool ! be she in a band ? mom ( but ahead ) sorry ... the police be after I ... doorman ( recognize she ) hey , you be serial Mom ! mom ( modestly ) I guess I be . doorman ( look up and see she family and cop rush towards she ) come on in lady . Quick ! ( hand she a badge ) here , take this . a backstage VIP pass . ( proudly ) welcome to hammerjack , " serial Mom " ! mom thank you so much , you kind , kind creature . 155 . interior hammerjacks . a parent ' nightmare . grunge - punk hell . " camel lip " be undulate suggestively on stage screeching out the chorus of " Gas chamber " as they mock gasp for breath , dodge beer bottle throw from audience and punch out male groupy who rush the stage past brutish bouncer . scotty push he way through slam dance crowd as he be pick up and bodily toss through the air by frenzied mob of " body -surf " dancer . mom be racing to catch up with scotty . mom Excuse I ... come through ... ( snatch beer bottle out of boy 's hand ) Bill Flowers ! you be underage ! bill ( laugh ) do not kill I , serial Mom ! mom ( snatch joint out of hophead girl 's lip ) just say no ! and comb you hair , young lady ! girl ( stone ) wow ! it 's she ! ( proudly ) and she' a heavy metal maniac !!! dad look horrify as he politely maneuver he way through crowd as chip , misty and birdie take over and begin " slamm " they way through crowd open up a crowd for dad . the cop flood the place . det . moore see mom in the distance , grab det . bradford and they begin to fight they way through crowd after she . " camel lip " incite the crowd from the stage to fight back against the police . scotty be run toward stage in terror , look over he shoulder and see mom gain on he . dad get catch in a mob of slam dancer and be lift off he foot and toss through the air by the crowd . misty , chip and birdie see dad airborne and start slamm into the crowd to save he . misty and chip slam into big biker below dad and dad be knock back to the ground safely . when birdie see a slam dancer with a trickle of blood run from he nose , she start gag at the sight of real blood . scotty be at the edge of the stage . he see mom almost on top of he and leap onto stage and run for he life , dodging bouncer and beer bottle be throw from audience . mom look furious that scotty have escape but then look up at theatrical light rigging overhead and then back down at scotty 's face as " camel lip " try to hit he with they instrument . mom look over she shoulder and see det . moore and det . bradford advance on she . ducking behind a giant speaker , out of view of the crowd mom pull butcher knife from purse , cut support rope and send whole set of light crash down on scotty 's head . the crowd go wild think it 's more of " camel lip " sicken theatrics . a gang of heavy - metal chick slam into det . moore and det . bradford and knock they to the ground . mom 's eye light up in fury when she see scotty still alive , crawl out from under the light , semi-conscious and bleed . birdie faint at the sight of more blood . think fast , mom swipe a hairspray can stick out of a girl 's purse and use she VIP pass to go backstage as camel lip reach its deafen crescendo of musical mayhem . as scotty crawl to side of stage , mom jump out from a piece of backstage scenery and aim hairspray can at he . mom ( hiss ) buckle up , scotty ! mom light the spray from the hairspray can and ignites scotty 's clothes in lethal flame without anyone see she . scotty run across the stage ablaze as " camel lip " play the final deafen note of they song and the crowd give a scream ovation , all hold up light lighter , think scotty on fire be all part of the act . det . moore and det . bradford look to the stage in horror . dad gasp in fear . misty and chip stare speechless as scotty fall to he knee and keel over . birdie come to and then faint again . the lead singer think it 's a joke , pour a little Jack Daniels on the smoulder corpse and then jump back in comic over - reaction when the flame light up again . mom , now catch in the front row of laugh slam - dance spectator , turn to she dumb-struck family , smile and stick finger in she ear , mimick that the music be much too loud . det . moore and det . bradford slamdance mom from both side and knock she to the ground and handcuff she . dad put he arm around chip , misty and birdie as they hang they head in sorrow . " camel lip " and the entire audience of grunge - punk boo and jeer the police as they drag mom out as she smile innocently in suburban lunacy . slow fade to black . 156 . slow fade from black to exterior towson courthouse . winter . dad , chip , birdie , missy and she new boyfriend , the reporter get out of folksy lawyer , herbie hebden be car and follow he through crowd of hostile press - trial groupy , and mom1 punk - grunge fan , feel the full heat of mom 's serial killer infamy . dad wear a " say no to the Gas chamber " button and birdie have turn hippy , wear tie - dye clothes cover in peace sign . chip , on the other hand , look cooler , wear L.A. style outfit and carry copy of variety . misty be obviously very much in love and the reporter seem to feel the same way about she . subtitle appear " four month later , Monday , January 18th , 9:46 be " and then fade out . PRESS a Mr. sutphin ! how do you wife feel ? dad ( grim -face ) beverly be devastate by the charge against she . 157 . interior prison bus . female criminal be handcuff and seat around mom on they way to court as mom lead they in a joyous and Disney -esoue rendition of " 100 bottle of beer on the Wall " . mom sing out with insane happiness and glee . 158 . interior courthouse corridor outside of courtroom . a " court tv " reporter be interview trial groupy as they wait in line to go through metal detector to attend mom 's trial . court tv ... and you , mar 'am , how long have you be wait to get in ? lady a ( beam at the attention ) since 5:00 be . but it 's gonna be worth it ! I know she 's guilty ! husband a ( lean into the shot ) we have be to famous trial all over the country ! wife a ( get into the act ) .. Manson .. . watergate ... ( to Lady a ) do not I see you at hinkley ? lady a ( proudly ) I be there ! my husband think I be crazy but ... ( see sutphin family get off elevator ) look ! here they come !! that awful family ! the hostile crowd start craning they neck and scream in recognition as if rock star be make they entrance . dad be blind by the press 's flashbulb as herbie hebden try to stop chip from signing autograph as birdie hand out " stop the violence " handbills . reporter boyfriend give misty the signal and she start cry for he exclusive news shot . 159 . interior courtroom . pack with spectator , press and security officer . the middle - class jury of seven woman and five man take they place in the jury box as sutphin family take they seat in front row behind herbie hebden at he defense table . timothy nazlerod , the prosecutor , study evidence photo of victim 's body at the District Attorney 's table on other side of the courtroom . he look up in disgust as mom make she apple-pie entrance . escort by two stern - face police matron . subtitle appear " 10:00 be " and fade out . mom ( happily wave to dad ) hi , honey ! dad smile back pitifully . mom ( to chip , birdie &amp ; misty ) kid , do you do you homework ? they give she a weak smile and nod " yes " . judge quiet in the courtroom ! Court be now in session ! mom ( to jury ) hello , jury people . my name 's beverly sutphin . ( to startle woman juror ) I like you jacket ! judge ( lose patience ) Mrs. sutphin , I say quiet ! you be accuse of mass murder ! this be a court of law , not a coffee klatch ! ( Bangs gavel ) Mr. nazlerod , you open statement . mr. nazlerod thank you , you honor . ( approach jury ) lady and gentlemen of the jury , my name be timothy nazlerod ... ( smarmily ) ... and I hope we can be friend ! ( jury stare back impartially ) ... I warn you , this be not a pretty case ... beverly sutphin be a woman evil to the core ... ( jury Pov shot of innocent - look mom stare back at they ) ...a rotten apple , if you will ... ( dad gulp in sorrow ) ... who beyond a reasonable doubt kill five innocent people !! spectator scowl hatefully at mom . chip ( whisper to birdie , make excuse ) well ... they sort of deserve it ... birdie pale over the mere think of violence . dad ( to chip ) shhhhh ! he look over and see misty and reporter boyfriend be hold hand and glare at they to stop . mr. nazlerod ... that's right ! she murdered they !... with a speed car ... a FIRE poker ... mom subtly motion to male juror that he have something in he nose . mr. nazlerod ...a pair of scissor ... juror self - consciously feel around he nostril in embarrassment . mr. nazlerod ...a toppled AIR conditioner ! mom signal to juror that the problem be still there . mr. nazlerod ... the lethal flame from a aerosol can ... even a leg of lamb !! juror blow he nose . mom smile happily to he that the problem be solve . mr. nazlerod ... beverly sutphin be not a woman !... misty and reporter be watch and move even closer together to snuggle . mr. nazlerod ... she be a monster !! mom 's smile turn to horror as juror # 8 on end of second row cross she leg and mom zero in on she hideous white summer shoe . wipe to a dishevel herbie hebden , the ultimate liberal defense attorney , as he pace back and forth before jury wiping he brow . herbie hebden ... lady and gentlemen , I be herbie hebden and you and I have a tough job ahead of we ... mom be still stare insanely at juror1 shoe . herbie hebden ... I have know the sutphin family for sixteen year ... mom be frantically scribbling a note to she attorney on a legal pad . herbie hebden ... dad , Eugene , be my dentist ... dad self - consciously smile to juror . herbie hebden ... chip and misty play with my own child ... chip smile to mom 's few heavymetal supporter as reporter boyfriend put he arm around misty . herbie hebden ... but I have find out I do not know beverly sutphin at all ! he be try to ignore mom as she pass he a note that say " juror # 8 be wear white summer shoe ! " herbie hebden ... no one really know beverly sutphin ... mom write angrily " after labor day !! " herbie hebden ... you see ... ( he read note to humor mom ) ... beverly sutphin be insane !! mom ( suddenly defiant ) I am not ! courtroom spectator gasp as dad 's mouth fall open . herbie hebden ( try to make he point ) yes , she commit this terrible crime ... ( plead ) ... but that do not make she a bad person . mom ( stand ) you honor , I have a motion . I would like to fire my attorney , and defend myself ! sutphin family look at one another , shocked at mom 's change of plan . herbie hebden beverly sutphin be not guilty , by reason of insanity ! mom oh shut up , herbie ! ( to judge ) I have the right to defend myself , you honor . I have read the lawbook ! " ware vs. State , 1964 " , and " schutte vs. State , 1962 " . judge Mrs. sutphin , a defendant who have herself for a lawyer have a fool for a client ... ( to attorney ) approach the bench ! mom smile at dad who look bewilder as chip , misty and reporter boyfriend give mom the thumb - up sign as birdie nervously flash she the peace sign . judge ( as bench conference break up ) Mrs. sutphin , I have no legal choice but to allow you to take over as you own attorney . dad look worried and unsure . herbie hebden ( sulk out of courtroom , to mom ) you will get my bill , I mean it ! a big one ! judge ( to mom ) how do you plead ? mom ( proudly ) not guilty , you honor ! courtroom and press buzz intently at mom 's new plea . mr. nazlerod ( furious ) I call to the stand , dottie hinkle ! a vindictive and hostile , dottie hinkle enter the courtroom and eagerly take the stand . as she be swear in , mom watch she with a evil smile . mr. nazlerod Mrs. hinkle , do you ever receive obscene telephone call ? dottie ( stare right at mom ) I certainly do . mr. nazlerod do you recognize the voice of the caller ? dottie not at first , but then I hear the same inflection in a voice at a social gather and I put two and two together . mr. nazlerod who 's voice be it , dottie ? dottie ( point to mom ) it be she ! beverly sutphin ! sittin ' right there ! ( dramatically to jury ) I be lucky I be not dead !! wipe to mom approach dottie hinkle for cross-examination . mom Mrs. hinkle ... do you drink ? dottie ( haughtily ) no , I do not . mom so you be not drunk when you receive that alleged obscene phonecalls ? dottie I certainly be not ! mom you mean to tell I the day I come over to Mrs. ackerman 's ... the day you claim you recognize my voice ... you be not drink ? dottie ( fluster ) one beer with lunch be hardly " drink " . misty , chip and birdie smile at mom 's legal skill . mom so you do drink ? dottie socially ... I will have a beer . mom so you admit you just lie ? mr. nazlerod objection ! argumentative ! dottie ( rising to the bait ) no I don 't , you bitch ! judge sustain . ( to dottie ) watch you mouth , Mrs. hinkle . Press scribbles frantically , beginning to doubt witness 's credibility . mom quickly and sneakily mouth " fuck you " to dottie without the judge or anyone else in the courtroom besides dottie see . dottie ( shock , to judge ) do you see she ?! she just say " fuck you " to I ! mom ( innocently , to judge ) let the record show I be just stand here . dottie fuck you too , you whore ! judge I be warning you , Mrs. hinkle . one more obscenity and I will charge you with contempt of court . dad watch , amaze at he wife 's cun . mom ( dramatically ) Mrs. hinkle , be you insane ? dottie no I 'm not , you mother -fucker ! Police matron lunge at dottie as she leap from witness box to attack mom . judge ( Bangs gavel ) Mrs. hinkle , I find you guilty of contempt of court and sentence you to a thousand dollar fine and five day in jail ! ( to matron ) lock 'er up ! dottie ( to mom , be drag out ) you cock - sucker ! you lousy pig -fucker ! mom smile at jury and turn to wink at she amaze family as spectator watch , willing to give mom , for the first time , the benefit of the doubt . fade out . 160 . fade in to courtroom hallway . morning . chip be pace up and down yell into a mobile phone outside mom 's trial as long line of spectator wait to get in . subtitle appear " Tuesday , January 19th , 10:05 be " and then fade out . chip ( on phone ) ... well , you tell " geraldo " to go to hell ! I do not care what Jeffrey macdonald 's people get - he 's old news ! we fly first class or we do not do the show ! a young man angrily approach chip . young man be you chip sutphin ? chip ( into phone ) hold on ... ( to young man ) yeah I be , but you will have to speak to my agent ... young man you mom kill my brother ! he punch chip in the mouth . chip ( get up , rub he jaw ) that 's cool ... hey look , you be Carl 's brother , right ? young man that 's right . chip I be sorry he 's dead , but ... have you sign off yet ? young man ( suddenly all business ) you mean for tv or print ? chip tv , man ! farrah fawcett 's interested in play my mother ! young man ( impress , eye lighting up ) farrah fawcett ?! who 's gonna play my brother ? be Jason priestly available ? 161 . interior courthouse . lu -ann hodge , pot-head witness from pta murder be on the stand testify for the prosecution . mr. nazlerod miss hodge , could you describe the car ... the one you see run over Mr. stubbin in cold blood ? lu-ann ( giggle ) I see that movie !... on cable ! mom stare in shock at juror # 8 who have the nerve to give mom a friendly smile back while wear yet another hideous pair of white summer shoe . try to suppress she rage , mom turn to spectator section and happily notice the face of gus and sloppy smile back to she in support . mr. nazlerod ( annoy at he witness ) please , miss hodge ! dad look up at the unconvincing witness from read " the case against Capital punishment " . lu-ann ( obviously stone ) ' scuse I ... ( giggles ) ... well , like I tell you , it be blue . the car , not the driver ... ( laugh like a lunatic ) just blue ... you know ... like blue ! 162 . exterior courthouse . misty have set up a flea market table and with the help of she reporter boyfriend , be do a brisk business hawk " serial Mom " t-shirt to trial spectator . misty get you " serial Mom " t-shirt while they last ! $ 19.95 plus tax ! master Card or Visa ! lady D I will take two . I wish they would have something like this at the Kennedy kid trial !... misty ( Processing the charge on portable printer ) thanks , mar 'am . signature here and home phone . 163 . interior courthouse . det . bradford be on the witness stand . mr. nazlerod ... and this book ... ( holding up " urge to kill " , " mass murder in Houston " ) ... this disgusting book that so lovingly describe the sadistic act of serial killer ... where do you find this book ? det . bradford ( look at mom hatefully ) in beverly sutphin 's trash can . mr. nazlerod ( smugly to mom ) you may cross-examine , Mrs. sutphin . mom take over and smile in conspiracy at gus and sloppy who giggle in excitement about what be to come . mom ( to nazlerod ) thank you . ( to det . bradford ) detective Bradford , if I be to look through you trash can , what read material would I find ? mr. nazlerod objection ! immaterial ! judge you may answer . det . bradford .. " time " ... " Newsweek " . my wife get " lady Home Journal " ... mom ( smiling ) well , this magazine be find in you trash just last night ... ( hold up porno magazine ) ... it 's call " chick with dick " . det . bradford ( turn bright red ) goddamn you ! that's trespassing ! the entire courtroom burst into laughter except for he partner , det . moore , who look at he in shock . gus and sloppy laugh the loudest . mom do not judge people by what they read , detective . ( smugly ) you witness , Mr. nazierod . mom wink to sloppy and gus . det bradford ( sputter , purple with rage ) I be a marry man !! bailiff forcefully remove he from the stand . det . bradford ( yelling to mom ) I hope you get the gas chamber ! judge the jury be instruct to ignore the outburst of the witness . mr. nazlerod ( furious at mom 's cross -examination ) I call to the stand Rosemary ackerman ! wipe to mrs . ackerman on the stand hold the fire poker murder weapon tag as evidence . mr. nazlerod ... and do you ever see the fire poker again after you leave it with Mrs. sutphin ? mrs . ackerman yes ! thirty minute later it be cover with blood and gore and Carl padgett be dead ! mr. nazlerod no further question . mom ( stand to cross -examine ) Mrs. ackerman , when you leave I at the flea-market , where do you go ? mrs . ackerman ... browsing . mom do Carl padgett buy something you want ? mrs . ackerman I do not want that faberge egg - it be chip ! mom Carl padgett die for the Franklin mint , do not he ?! mrs . ackerman ( shock at the suspicion be point at she ) no ! I could never hurt anyone ! spectator buzz . mom ( not let up ) that be you people magazine with the letter cut out , be not it ? mrs . ackerman yes , but I leat it ... mom ( cut she off ) and that be you scissors find stick out of Mrs. sterner 's stomach , be not they ? mrs . ackerman ( stutter , panicked ) yes ...but ... I do not ... mom ( suddenly , dramatically ) Mrs. ackerman , do you recycle ? mrs . ackerman ( horrify at the sudden silence in court as everyone stare at she in hostility ) no ... ( weakly ) I do not have room in my kitchen ... gus , sloppy and all the spectator let out a howl of disapproval . even the judge scowl at the witness in disgust . 164 . exterior courthouse . reporter boyfriend be unpack stack of the " instant " book he write " serial Mom - the Real Story " and autograph they for a line of housewive . housewife a ( to ralph ) could you sign it : " to a future serial Mom " ? reporter ( sign ) sure . you think she do it ? housewife B I have reasonable doubt . housewife C ( buying a book ) I feel like kill a couple of people myself ! all the housewive in line begin boo and jeer mrs . ackerman as she run in terror from courthouse with gus and sloppy chase after she . 165 . interior courthouse . det . moore be on witness stand be examine by the prosecution . mr. nazlerod detective Moore , do you then proceed to the stage area inside " hammerjack " ? det . moore yes , I do . scotty barnhiil be on fire and he fall to he knee in flame . birdie look up from read " ghandi " biography and gag as prosecutor hand det . moore a gory 8x10 glossy photo of victim . mr. nazlerod would this be what you see ? det . moore yes , sir . a real barbecue . suddenly a buzz start in the courtroom and all head turn to the back of the spectator section where the real life star , farrah fawcett * be enter with a entourage to " observe " serial Mom . mom acknowledge ms. fawcett with a dignify nod as dad look on in amazement . det . moore , the jury , even the judge crane they neck to get a better look at farrah fawcett . mr. nazlerod ( ignoring farrah fawcett , try to continue ) you honor ! ( impatiently ) May the photo be enter in as evidence and pass to the jury ? judge huh ?... oh yeah ... yes . det . moore ( star-struck ) jeeeeze ! it really be farrah fawcett ! judge ( blurt out , unable to contain himself ) I love you in " the Burning bed " ! mr. nazlerod ( furious at judge ) no further question ! ( smugly look at mom ) I call to the stand , marvin pickle . mom look back in sudden fear at the prospect of this mystery witness . 166 . interior courthouse men' room . marvin pickle , the pervert from the flea market bathroom have lock himself in a stall and be scrawling " I sniff jury ' underpant " on wall . a police officer enter men' room , frantically bang on bathroom door . cop mr. pickle ! mr. marvin pickle ! marvin be right out . cop the judge be wait for you ! 167 . interior courtroom . marvin pickle hurriedly enter as all head turn to follow he to the stand . chip , who have join birdie and he family look at mom and see she worried expression . mr. nazlerod State you name , please . marvin marvin A. pickle . mr. nazlerod be you in the men' room at the edmonson drive in flea market on Saturday , September 19th ? marvin yes , I be . farrah fawcett answer a ringing mobile phone in she purse . mr. nazlerod do you see anybody in the booth next to you ? marvin sink down lower in witness chair so he can get a better view up mom 's skirt . marvin I ...um ... ( turned on ) uh ... mom look at he confuse , still unaware of he letchery . mr. nazlerod ( get testy ) Mr. Pickle ! do you see anybody in the booth next to you ? marvin I ...1 be not sure ... ( really turn on , start to moan ) ... i...oohhh ... Excuse I ... mr. nazlerod ( outrage ) what do you mean , you be not sure ?! mom suddenly realize marvin be look up she skirt . in a brilliant legal maneuver she begin inching she skirt up a little higher under the table out of view of the rest of the courtroom , give marvin a better view and hope to change he damn testimony . marvin ( eye pop out of head ) there be nobody next to I : housewife trial groupy start buzzing wildly in newfound support of mom . mr. nazlerod ( lose it ) Mr. pickle , you testify before the Grand jury that you look down and " see a pair of lady 's shoe " in the stall next to you . mom smile like the perfect saint as she begin flap she leqe back and forth under the table , flash marvin she very prim nun-like undergarment out of view of the rest of the courtroom . marvin ( lose in he own pervert glory ) ohhhh ! I just say what you tell I to ! dad look over at misty and reporter boyfriend who have rejoin the family in court and be horrify to see they with they arm wrap around each other , cuddle . mr. nazlerod perjury be a serious offence , mr. pickle !! mom be flap she leg back and forth double time as marvin go into he own private orgasm . marvzn ooohhhhhh ! I make it all up ! I never see beverly sutphin in my life ! mr. nazlerod ( absolutely furious ) you will pay for this , marvin A. pickle ! ( returning to seat ) I be turn you file over to the vice-squad !! ( sitting down ) the prosecution rest , you honor . mom ( give marvin she version of a sexy smile as he leave stand ) the prosecution have prove nothing , you honor . ( to the jury ) the defense also rest ! the spectator burst into spontaneous applause as dad look at the kid in fear at the upcoming verdict . 168 . wipe to hallway outside of courtroom . farram fawcett be give a impromptu press conference to the throng of ador reporter . farrah fawcett ... I feel that beverly sutphin be a innocent woman , wrongly accuse . a normal housewife trap in a nightmare of circumstantial evidence ... 169 . interior courtroom . timothy nazlerod be give the prosecution 's close argument . mr. nazlerod ( point to mom ) ... that 's she ! henrietta Lee Lucas ! Joan Wayne gacy ! a new face in the deck of serial killer trading card ... find she guilty of all five count of first degree murder ...! 170 . hallway outside of courtroom . farrah fawcett be still pontificate for the press . farrah fawcett ... I only hope that I can portray " serial Mom " 's life on the tv screen with the proper dignity that this feminist heroine deserve . 171 . interior courtroom . mom ( address the jury with calm believability ) look at I ! I be a normal person just like you be ! dad wipe away a tear as chip look at a preliminary design for mini-sery show farrah fawcett do up as mom . mom ... but I have be frame by the police ... misty and reporter boyfriend be now openly make out in courtroom . mom ... and perjure against by the very people I think be my friend ... birdie look out of courtroom window and see a bird eat a worm and shudder in horror as chip pat she hand affectionately . mom ... all I ask be that you have the courage to find I innocent of this terribly untrue charge ... 172 . hallway outside of courtroom . farrah fawcett be " reenact " mom 's close argument for the enthralled press corp . farrah fawcett ( hammily ) ... all I ask be that you find I innocent of this terribly untrue charge ... 173 . interior courtroom . dissolve to stern - face juror filing back into jury box , not look at mom . subtitle appear " two day later . Thursday , January 21st. 3:20 pm " and then fade out . judge lady and gentlemen of the jury , have you reach a verdict ? foreman yes we have , you honor ... juror # 8 give mom a smile . foreman ... we find the defendant not guilty of all charge . courtroom erupt in pandemonium , farrah fawcett cheer the loudest . mom turn to family who sit stunne in seat . mom I be come home !! dad force a weak smile as he turn white as a ghost . judge ( Bangs gavel in disgust ) Court adjourned ! dad ( whisper to a shocked chip and misty ) ... what should I do ? chip ( suddenly nervous ) bring she home ... I guess . birdie ( mumbling to herself ) no more violence ... no more violence ... reporter boyfriend think she will like I ? misty ( worried ) just be nice to she . and try ... just try not to get on she nerve . mom rush over to dad , free at last and give he a big hug as press , fan , even the jury cheer she victory . 174 . interior courtroom hallway . the stunne sutphin family exit as mom raise fist like " Rocky " to cheer of she supporter . mom ( graciously accept flower , signing autograph , pose for the press ) I love you ! thanks for come ! ( slow a kiss to newsteam ) hi Los Angeles ! ( look into another camera ) hello Cleveland ! ( and another ) and you too , New York ! down the hall , inside a bank of old fashioned wooden phone booth be juror # 8 , excitedly talk on pay phone . juror # 8 ( proudly ) we do it ! we set she free ! I know she be innocent right from the beginning !... without warning , mom slam she way into phone booth , hang up the call and grab receiver out of juror # 8's hand . mom ( snarl scarily ) you can not wear white shoe after Labor Day ! juror # 8 ( stammer in open - mouth terror ) no ...please ... that 's not true anymore . mom oh yes it be ! ( in homicidal fury ) do not you mother ever tell you ?! mom suddenly bludgeon juror # 8 over the head with the telephone receiver . mom well , now you know ! juror # 8 , stunne by the blow , struggle to stay conscious . juror # 8 ( stagger in pain ) but ... fashion have change ... mom ( enrage ) no it have not ! mom imediately hit juror # 8 over the head again with the telephone receiver . as juror # 8's scream be drown out by the pass PRESS mob , mom hit she again and again with the telephone receiver until juror # 8 collapse to the ground , she white summer shoe turn red with she own blood . cut back to sutphin family , hold on to each other for dear life as the mob of supporter swell around they . dad ( realizing mom be miss in the confusion ) beverly ? beverly ? mom fly out of phone booth wear a big smile , not miss a beat . mom right here , honey . PRESS Mrs. sutphin , can we get a shot with you and farrah fawcett ? mom certainly . farrah fawcett barge in and take over . farrah hello , beverly . I be farrah fawcett ( pull mom rudely ) you stand here ... ( to PRESS ) ok , boy , a medium two shot ... mom ( try to get on other side of fawcett ) ... but please ... if I could just ... farrah ( rudely shove mom back in place ) stay there , beverly . ( pose ) smile , serial Mom ! flashbulb explode . mom ( hiss to farrah in the scariest , most threaten voice yet ) that be my bad side , farrah fawcett !! a juror down the hall scream in horror as she open phone booth door and a bloody white shoe pop out . farrah fawcett look back at mom in sudden fear . mom glare back with the face of a madwoman . freeze frame . dissolve to epilogue title card : " beverly sutphin be a free woman . " credit roll .