seven samurai written by akira kurosawa & shinobu hashimoto & hideo oguni translated by Donald richie credit fade in and out , white on black , with music associate with the bandit over : drum , gong , and bassoon . after the credit , a title . title : the sengoku period be a time of civil war ; it be a lawless era and in the country , the farmer be at the mercy of band of brigands . title : around the time of the St. bartholomew Day massacre in France , Japan be in the throes of Civil War . title : and the farmer everywhere be be crush under the iron heel of cruel brigands . dissolve into long shot , look across a grassy , roll plain to the horizon with the dawn sky above . bandit appear on horseback on the horizon , and ride across towards camera , which pan as they pass medium shot of one of the bandit gallop past , camera pan leave with he ; hold as the other gallop past after he . Long shot of the bandit gallop across frame , silhouett against the sky . Pan leave , then hold as they pass . very long shot of the bandit gallop up a slope against the sky . Quick dissolve to a medium shot look along a path ; the bandit ride up in the foreground , and turn , go away up the path . medium shot of another part of the countryside with grass and tree in the foreground . the bandit gallop past in the background . Pan leave with they as they gallop up a incline . dissolve to a high - angle medium shot of the bandit , see from behind , where the roof of house can be see . they move forward slightly , to get a better look . medium close - up of the bandit chief and he captain captain we will take this place next . High -angle long shot look down on to the village . it be peaceful and quiet . smoke drift up from one or two chimney . the bandit agree noisily , off . low -angle medium close - up of the chief on he horse , with the horse 's head nearest camera . chief we take it last autumn . they have not get anything worth take yet . let 's wait . as he speak he have difficulty in control he horse , which swing round and round , low -angle medium close - up of the captain on he horse , captain all right . we will come back after the barley harvest . he turn he horse . medium shot of three bandit wheeling they horse round and gallop past camera . medium shot , look up the slope . the bandit gallop from the foreground up to the top of the hill . the chief follow . loud sound of gallop hoof . High -angle long shot from the ridge of the village below , with a rough hedge of brushwood in the foreground . the hoofbeat gradually fade away in the distance . silence . suddenly part of the hedge begin to rise . it be the load of faggot carry by a farmer as he wait , hide behind the hedge , and listen to the bandit . his face appear from behind the hedge below the load of faggot , pale and scared . a bird sing , off . the farmer turn and run down the hill . wipe to a very long high - angle shot of the village . the villager be gather in a circle in the open space in the center of the village . High -angle long shot of the villager crouch in a circle . the bird continue its song , off . High -angle medium shot of the villager , crouch in a circle , motionless . medium shot of some of the farmer right in the center of the circle , with woman and child crouch down behind they , someone be moan and wail , off . medium shot of another group of villager . medium shot of another group , all crouch forward in despair . woman there be no god here anymore ... 3. High -angle medium shot of other villager , all crouch down , back to camera . High -angle medium shot of four villager , back to camera , with the sun shine down on they . medium close - up of a woman , back to camera , crouch down so that only she backside and the sole of she foot can be see , with a young girl , also back to camera , lean over she to comfort she . woman ( cont 'd ) ( sob ) ..- tax , force labour , war , drought - and now the bandit ! camera tilt up slightly to medium close - up of two of the farmer , who look at the woman with anxiety . medium shot of the farmer in the center of the circle . the woman can just be see near they , weep in despair . the bird sing again , off . tilt up as one of the farmer on the leave finally stand up . it be rikichi . Big close - up of rikichi . rikichi let 's kill they - kill they all . ( passionately ) .-.. so they 's 1ll never , never come here again ! Close - up of yohei , another , older farmer , partly obscure by rikichi 's hand , which be visible in the foreground . Three other farmer can be see in the background . yohei ( frightened ) you can not do that ! Big close - up of rikichi . medium close - up of yohei , wit other behind . rikichi 's hand be in the foreground , he fist tightly clench . medium close - up of another farmer , manzo , with other villager behind he . manzo it 's impossible . Big close - up of rikichi , look down at the villager , out of shot . medium shot of rikichi stand , surround by the seat villager , only they head in shot . 4. Pan slightly right as he make a threaten movement towards manzo , who sit back to camera . another man , mosuke , restrain he . Pan leave as manzo get up and walk up to rikichi , who be be hold back by mosuke . rikichi you manage to kill all the samurai you catch , all right , but you can not kill the bandit ?! mosuke stop it ! this be no time for quarreling . Close - up of manzo as he sit down . rikichi , hold by mosuke , be visible in the back ground . manzo but we have not a chance . what if we lose ? they would kill we all ! they have kill the pregnant woman , even . and the baby ! rikichi ( try to free himself ) I have have enough . I have rather take that chance than go on like this . let 's either kill they or be kill by they . mosuke rikichi ! rikichi break away from he . manzo we be bear to suffer . it 's we lot in life . Close - up of rikichi as he sit down beside manzo and bury he head in he arm . rikichi do not look at manzo . manzo ( cont 'd ) if they come , let 's not fight . let 's give they the harvest ... a woman next to he sink down at this word and some villager begin to weep quietly , off . manzo ( cont 'd ) ..- but ask for just enough so we do not starve . we will beg , we will go down on we knee . he begin to sob as well . rikichi turn towards he . High -angle medium long shot of the circle of villager , all bow down , some of they back heaving with sob . continue he movement , rikichi stand up in the center . mosuke rush up and hold he back as he begin to harangue manzo . rikichi and you think they 's 1l listen ? have you forget what we have to go through to keep the little rice that we have now ? many of the villager look up at this word . tilt up slightly as rikichi stride out of the circle and stand alone , he shoulder bow , back to camera . medium shot of rikichi face camera in the foreground , with the villager sit crouch behind he , mosuke stand in they midst . rikichi drop down on to he haunch and bury he head in he arm . mosuke come to the edge of the circle , look worriedly towards rikichi and then turn back to the motionless villager . mosuke let 's go and see gisaku and let he decide . mosuke come up to rikichi and sympathetically lay a hand on he shoulder as some of the villager stand up slowly and turn to follow he . gradually all the villager stand up as the shot dissolves . dissolve to medium long shot of a water - mill , the wheel turn . medium shot of the great mill - wheel turn , with the sound of rush water . the stream run past it into the foreground . a close medium shot of the mill wheel turn in the boulder - strewn stream . Close - up of the face of gisaku , a very old man , who be the village patriarch . his eye be shut , he mouth tightly close : the regular sound of the turn mill wheel can be hear off . behind gisaku , in soft focus , be a young girl and a man . rikichi ( off ) bargain with they ? you give the wolf you leg and he will take you arm too . ( more ) rikichi ( cont 'd ) you can not bargain with they . you reason with they now , give they something , and they 's 1ll be here in the autumn just the same . manzo ( off ) if they do come , and we lose , what then ? rikichi ( furiously off ) so we lose . without the barley we will die anyway . gisaku suddenly open he eye and look straight into the camera . a pause . gisaku ( deliberately ) we will fight . Close - up of rikichi , he eye shine with surprise Close - up of gisaku , nearest camera in profile , with the background , look terrify . manzo we can not . we be farmer , not soldier . gisaku then we will hire samurai . and joy . manzo in medium shot of gisaku surround by the group of farmer . manzo what ? hire samurai ? who ever hear of such a thing ? gisaku I do . Big close - up of gisaku , face camera . gisaku ( cont 'd ) year ago , when all of you be still baby , we village be burn out by bandit . when I be run away I see something . there be one village leave unburn . it have hire samurai . medium close - up of manzo and gisaku . manzo there be all kind of village , all kind of farmer . we be too poor . we can only afford to eat barley . medium close - up of rikichi stand up , over manzo , who be back to camera in the foreground , only he head in shot . rikichi we could eat millet . reverse -angle medium close - up of manzo stand up , face rikichi , whose head be visible in the foreground . gisaku 's head be between they . manzo but would they fight for we - only for food ? tilt down as manzo sot down , hold on medium close - up with gisaku and rikichi in the foreground . manzo ( cont 'd ) samurai be very proud . Close - up of gisaku . gisaku you must find hungry samurai ... even bear come out of the forest when they be hungry . wipe to medium close - up of a samurai in profile , walk along a street in a town . Music in . camera pan slightly leave as he walk ; hold as he walk off , revealing another samurai in medium shot , walk in the opposite direction . Pan right with he as he come into the foreground and hold as he pass in front of rikichi , mosuke , yohei and manzo . they watch he go . Close - up of rikichi nearest camera and mosuke just behind he , watch the samurai . they eye move from right to leave . medium close - up of another samurai walk towards camera . Pan right as he come nearer . Close - up of yohei and manzo look leave . people in the street pass in front of and behind they as they turn they head to the leave . 8 . medium close - up of the two samurai walk along the street . someone come past they , obscure they from view for a moment . Pan leave as they stride along the street . Close - up of rikichi and mosuke watch they . a girl come past they in the foreground obscure they from view for a moment . medium close - up of a samurai walk through the street , partly obscure by other people walk by , in both direction . Pan right with he as he look around , slightly suspicious . Close - up of rikichi and mosuke , watch closely . Close - up of yohei and manzo , also watch . girl and women walk past they in the foreground . Close - up of rikichi and mosuke . Close - up of manzo and yohei watch , they eye move first to the leave and then to the right . Pan slightly right as yohei go behind manzo and they look towards the right . Close - up of rikichi and mosuke also look towards the right . people go past continually , obscure they from view . rikichi look back at mosuke then dart out of shot . the other follow , camera pan slightly leave to right , hold as they stop . Music out . wipe to a open square in the town , with house in the background . a crowd of people gather in the square begin to scatter in all direction , scream and shouting , away from a scuffle take place in the middle . medium shot of rikichi roll in the dust with woman and child scream and cower up against the house behind he . Pan leave to right as he slowly get up on to he knee , watch by the three other farmer . low -angle medium shot : rikichi be in the foreground on he knee , bow down in front of a samurai who stand over he hold he spear . the crowd of townsfolk surround they , stand well back . samurai look , farmer , poor as I be , I ’ma samurai , not a beggar ! camera track in slightly as the samurai start to walk forward towards camera , pass rikichi , who be bow down almost prostrate . samurai ( cont 'd ) fool ! Pan leave to right and tilt up as the samurai pass , come into low - angle medium shot . Pan further leave to right with the samurai as he go out of shot in very low - angle medium close - up . slight high - angle medium close - up of rikichi bow down on the ground , only he back visible . his shoulder be shaking with silent sob . a choir begin a monotonous and very mournful hum , over . Big close - up of manzo . manzo ( muttering ) I tell you so . Big close - up of mosuke . he look in the direction of manzo who be out of shot . he frown and then look down . low -angle medium shot of rikichi still bow down on the ground , with mosuke , manzo and yohei stand behind he and woman and child watch in the background . mosuke go up to rikichi and bend over he , brush the dust off he clothes and rikichi slowly lift he head . people begin to walk past in front of they again , with only the lower part of they body in frame as rikichi slowly get to he foot . fade out . fade in to a medium shot look along a road , with the veranda of a house on the leave in the foreground . rain be fall steadily . two people be walk up the road away from camera , splash through puddle . medium long shot of the four farmer in a small open space between some house . rikichi be draw water from a well . it be pour with rain and the farmer be wear straw hat and matting on they back to keep themselves dry . in the foreground can be see a few ear of ripening barley . suddenly mosuke rush forward , follow by manzo and yohei , come into medium shot . they look down at the barley , finger the ear . mosuke look , it 's almost ripe . manzo naturally . we have be away ten day now . yohei what will we do ? 10 . Big close - up of rikichi . rikichi this barley be early . Mountain barley like ours be later . he turn and walk away , camera pan right with he as he walk towards on of the house into medium shot . medium shot of rikichi , back to camera , go into the house , which be a rough sort of inn . camera pan slightly right to follow he . two labourer , stripped to the waist , come into shot form the right . 1st labourer I be soak to the bone . the 1st labourer run past camera , go off ; a third come in . he and the second man turn towards rikichi as he pass . 3rd labourer hey ... camera hold with one man in the foreground , the other beyond he , both look towards rikichi , who stand look back at they . 3rd labourer ( cont ’d ) -.- you find any samurai yet - strong , willing and cheap ? the two man laugh and run out of shot . rikichi stand for a moment , back to camera , take he hat off . the hum begin again , over . wipe to a long shot of the farmer stand on patch of grass with a low bridge and a fast- run stream in the foreground . it be a sunny day . rikichi and manzo be quarrelling and fight . mosuke be try to stop they . mosuke rikichi ! stop it , manzo ! medium shot of the farmer , with rikichi struggle on the ground nearest camera , try to free himself from yohei , and mosuke hold manzo back in the background . manzo ( shout to rikicht ) you say you want to go home but ... 11 . reverse , medium shot with mosuke hold manzo back in the foreground , and yohei sit down hold rikichi down in front of he . rikichi I say I want to go home . I do not say I want to bargain with bandit . low -angle medium close - up of manzo and mosuke . manzo but what else can we do ? we can not find any samurai . we will bargain all right , whether we like it or not . reverse high - angle medium close - up of rikichi , hold down by yohei . the stream run by in the background . rikichi all right . he suddenly stop struggle . the low hum continue over . High - angle big close - up of rikichi . he look up calmly . rikichi ( cont 'd ) ( sneer ) but what will we offer they ? how about you daughter ? shino 's pretty enough . it may work . low -angle big close - up of manzo , horrify . medium shot of the four farmer . rikichi get up , walk towards camera , and stand thoughtfully in the foreground . wipe to a medium shot of the four of they . rikichi ad manzo be wash they face in the stream in the foreground , the other two stand on the path , watch they . mosuke , who be stand on the end of the bridge , look up suddenly and camera track back through the gateway of a house , revealing two man come out , back to camera . the farmer stand in the background , watch the man come towards they . medium shot of mosuke and yohei stand on the bridge , in back view . through the large gatehouse of a prosperous country house come a crowd of people . Pan right and track in past yohei and mosuke as a samurai , follow by a priest and another man , the owner of the house , walk down to the edge of the stream . rikichi and manzo stand by the stream in back view in the foreground . the samurai , kambei , put down he sword , then turn and take a knife out of he belt . 12 . low -angle medium close - up of kambei with the owner and the group of onlooker behind he , he lift the knife to he head and cut loose he samurai topknot . there be a gasp from the crowd because the topknot be one of the samurai 's distinguishing feature . kambei tuck the knife back in he belt . one of the man push through the crowd behind he and pass a razor to the owner , who hand it to kambei . kambei pass it to the priest , who be stand on he other side , camera pan slightly right as he do so to include the priest . then kambei sit down cross -legge , camera tilting down with he . he begin to wash he head in the stream . medium close - up of the priest hold the razor . he look at it nervously , then up at the people . medium long shot across the stream , of the crowd of people ( include the farmer ) stand on the bank and the bridge . they all crane forward as the priest begin to shave kambei 's head . Close - up of kambei , he face impassive , as the priest 's hand shave he head . medium close - up of the owner and the other man watch , with other in the background , craning forward . the two man in the foreground look at each other in amazement and the second man turn away . medium close - up of the man , back to camera , as he push he way back through the crowd . they all turn to watch he as he go to look back through the archway . many of the crowd be carry club and pitchfork . the man turn and come back again . medium close - up of the owner . the man come and join he again . medium close - up of another group of onlooker jostling one another to get a better view . medium close - up of other in the crowd , carry pitchfork and scythes . medium shot of a group of people , include the four farmer and another man and a woman . they be all watch intently . mosuke lean forward , then turn to the woman next to he . mosuke what 's happen ? woman there 's a thief in that barn . 13 . at that moment a young samurai , katsushiro , appear behind they , watch and listen silently . woman ( cont 'd ) they find he and he run in there . mosuke rush out of shot , follow by the other three farmer . katsushiro stand watch with a slight frown , then follow they . medium long shot of the barn with its thatched roof . the wind blow the dust up in the yard . Long shot of the barn through the gateway , with two villager stand look towards it in medium long shot . the four farmer , follow by katsushiro , pass through the gateway from the foreground , back to camera . medium shot from the side of the two villager stand at the gateway . katsushiro come up and stand by they , furthest from camera , and the farmer gather behind . they all stare forward . katsushiro how man be there ? villager just one . medium close - up of the villager and katsushiro , with manzo and rikichi visible behind they . katsushiro ( incredulously ) one ? but there be so many of you . villager we can not do anything . he take a child in with he . if we try to get he he say he will kill it . just then a child be hear cry . villager ( cont 'd ) there , hear that ? medium long shot of the barn . the child can be hear scream above the noise of the wind . medium shot of the four farmer with the villager and katsushiro at the gateway , listen . 14 . 2nd villager oh , the poor thing . and he 's only seven . medium shot of the group at the gateway form behind . the 2nd villager turn towards camera . Pan slightly right as he walk towards camera and the farmer surround he sympathetically . 2nd villager ( cont ’d ) his parent must be frantic . mosuke but who be that samurai ? 2nd villager nobody know . we ask he to save the child and he agree , then he ask for two rice ball . he go off . 1st villager ( come forward ) then he have he head shave like that and ask the priest to lend he he robe . I do not know what he intend to do . as the 1st villager finish speak , they all walk past camera go off in the foreground , leave katsushiro look back at the barn . then he follow they off , leave the desert yard in view . a pause ; then a woman run out of the house by the barn in long shot , carry a dish . she pause for a moment as the child scream again , and then turn and run towards camera , which track back through the archway . Pan right with she as she come under the gateway , hold as she push she way through the crowd and disappear from view . katsushiro and the farmer move past camera . medium shot of katsushiro and the four farmer come round behind the crowd to get a better view of kambei on the river bank . Pan right with they and hold as they stand , back to camera , in the foreground . kneel on the ground in front of they be another samurai , kikuchiyo . he look up at katsushiro , who be just behind he , and stand up , give they all a dirty look . the farmer back off slightly , and kikuchiyo settles down again to watch kambei . medium shot of kambei , back to camera , he head completely shave , with the priest beside he . he have dress himself in tatter priest 's robe . 15 . on the other side of the stream , kikuchiyo can be see crouching down watch , katsushiro and the farmer directly behind he and the group of villager look on . kambei turn as the priest hand he a belt , then turn back again to put it on . low -angle close - up of kambei look across the stream . Close - up of kikuchiyo stare back . low-angle close - up of kambei . he turn away , and then look up again . Close - up of kikuchiyo . he scratch he neck low -angle close - up of kambei , stare towards kikuchiyo . he lower he eye and turn he back as camera pan slightly right to include the priest . Pan slightly back to kambei , lose the priest . kambei stare across the stream again , Close - up of kikuchiyo look up , a puzzle frown on he face . low -angle close - up of kambei , look across impassively ; he turn away . Pan leave with he as he take a few pace forward to where the woman be hold out she dish with two rice ball on it . he take it and walk past she , camera pan further leave and tilting up slightly as he start to go through to the gateway . Long shot , look along the stream to the bridge . the crowd hurry through the gateway , disappear from view as they follow kambei . Long shot of the gateway from the other side , with kambei come through and the crowd follow . medium shot of the priest with katsushiro stand beside he . they stop with the crowd press up behind . then kikuchiyo push he way between they . medium shot of the owner with he wife and the other man stand watch . kikuchiyo push he way past they and come into the foreground , stand in low - angle medium close - up . medium shot of kambei from behind , approach the barn in he priest 's robe . kikuchiyo come into shot in the foreground , only the lower half of he body in shot . he stop in low - angle medium close - up , kick over a barrel and sit down on it . the child can be hear scream from inside the barn , and the thief begin yell hysterically , off , as kambei come up to the barn door . 16 . medium shot of kambei outside the barn door . he place the dish of rice ball on a stone outside the barn . thief ( off ) so you have come . well do not come any nearer or I will kill the boy . you hear I . kambeil I be a priest . medium shot of kikuchiyo sit on the barrel , watch , with the villager line up by the gatehouse in the background . medium shot of kambei look through the bamboo strut of the barn wall , back to camera . thief ( off ) | do not come in , I be warning you ! kambeil I be not . I just think the child might be hungry . as he speak kambei slide the barn door open . thief ( hysterically , off ) do not come in ! kambei kneel down at the door hold out the rice ball , one in each hand . kambeil I have bring some rice . one be for you . medium shot of kikuchiyo watch closely with the crowd look on , motionless , in the background . kambei ( cont 'd ) ( off ) here , take it . it 's all right . medium shot of the owner and he wife and the other man with the villager in the background , include katsushiro and the farmer . medium shot of katsushiro stand by the priest with the villager crowd round behind they . 17 . Close - up of kikuchiyo watch . medium shot of kambei hold out the rice ball through the open door of the barn . thief ( off ) throw they in ! kambei throw the rice ball through the doorway . the child scream , off . kambeil all right . there you be . kambei stand up again , rub he hand together . a slight pause . then he rush through the barn door . General shot of the crowd in the yard shifting and murmure with kikuchiyo in medium shot in the foreground , the child 's parent behind he and the villager all crowded together in the background . medium shot of the outside of the barn ; the child 's scream can be hear from the inside . the wind blow up the dust . then suddenly the thief stagger through the door . General shot of the watch crowd . they all stare and some of the villager cower back fearfully . medium shot of the thief run past the stockade in slow motion . resume on the crowd . the villager be huddle together . in the foreground kikuchiyo rise slowly to he foot . medium shot of the thief staggering in agony . same shot of the watch crowd . kikuchiyo be now stand up , stare in amazement . medium close - up of the thief from the side , he eye stare and he mouth open . he sway lightly . medium shot of kikuchiyo in the foreground with the villager in the background . kikuchiyo be lean forward stare . suddenly the child 's mother behind he scream and run towards camera , go out of shot . medium shot of the mother run across to where kambei be stand in the background hold the child , who be still cry . Pan right to include the thief in the foreground , sway backwards and forward with a fix expression . the mother grab the child as kambei throw down he sword . 18 . High -angle close - up of kambei 's sword lie on the ground , its point bloodstain . medium close - up of the thief from behind ; he be bend almost double . he sink to the ground in slow motion . medium shot of kikuchiyo in the foreground with the villager and the child 's father and the other man edging forward slightly to see what have happen . kikuchiyo take a couple of step towards the camera . High -angle medium shot of the dead thief , the wind ruffling he clothes . Long shot of the courtyard , with the thief lie on he leave and kambei stand on the right , with the mother clutching she child on she knee in front of they . in the background , kikuchiyo and the villager stand watch . kikuchiyo stride forward and lean over the thief 's body as the child 's father come up to comfort he wife and son . kambei start to walk away , watch kikuchiyo . kikuchiyo prod the body and then look back at kambei . as kambei walk away , kikuchiyo pick up the sword , leap over the body of the thief and dance about , brandish the sword and shouting for joy . at the same time all the villager rush forward , crowd round kikuchiyo , who stand triumphantly with one foot on the corpse 's back . medium long shot of kambei in profile , stand with the priest ; katsushiro be in the background , watch with the farmer . kambei start to remove the priest 's robe . the priest hold out he sword sheath . medium close - up of katsushiro look on with admiration , with the four farmer in the background . medium close - up of the four farmer watch the proceedings . rikichi look excited . he look back at the other , smile slightly . wipe to medium shot of kambei from behind , walk along a road , silhouett against a cloudy sky . Music in : the ' Seven samurai 's theme . camera track along behind he up a slight incline . medium shot , from behind , of the four farmer ; kambei be beyond they in the background . camera track behind they as they follow he along the road . rikichi ( look back to mosuke ) I think we ought to try he , do not you ? 19 . mosuke yes , let 's talk to he before he reach town and we lose he . rikichi right . he begin to run towards kambei , but at that moment , kikuchiyo appear in the foreground and run past the three farmer after rikichi , also go towards kambei . camera continue to track along behind they . medium close - up tracking along beside rikichi . kikuchiyo come up , run past rikichi and elbow he out of the way . they both stop , then kikuchiyo rush out of shot , leave rikichi stare after he . medium long shot of kambei , back to camera on the brow of the hill , silhouett against the sky . he look back and kikuchiyo run into shot from the foreground , back to camera . kikuchiyo run up to where kambei have stop on the road and leap into the air with a manic chuckle , then stand face he , look he up and down , with he samurai sword balanced on he shoulder . they stand look at each other , both silhouett against the sky . katsushiro what be it ? kikuchiyo say nothing but scratch he head , and then circle round in front of kambei , camera pan slightly right with he . kambei also circle round till they be face one another again . at that moment , katsushiro run up from the foreground . low -angle medium shot of kambei and kikuchiyo stand silhouett against the sky ; katsushiro kneel and bow down in front of kambei . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) please listen to I . my name be katsushiro okamoto . please take I as one of you disciple . low -angle medium shot of kambei with kikuchiyo in the foreground , three - quarter back to camera , look at he . kambei look down and rub he bald head , then smile . kambeil disciple ? my name be kambei shimada ... 20 . Pan slightly leave as kikuchiyo , still in back view , circle round in front of kambei and look at he from the other side . katsushiro -+- I be only a ronin , not a samurai , and I have no disciple ... Pan right as kikuchiyo circle round again to the other side and he and kambei both look down at katsushiro who be still out of shot . medium close - up of katsushiro still on he knee , stare up at kambei , whose head be out of frame . kikuchiyo stand beside kambei , behind katsushiro , also with he head out of frame . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) please take I as you disciple . Close - up of kambei smile , lean down towards katsushiro , who be out of shot . kambel stand up so that we can talk properly . low -angle medium shot of kambei turn away and beginning to walk along the road again . kikuchiyo watch he , while katsushiro get to he foot , then run to join kambei as he walk away in back view over the brow of the hill . kikuchiyo continue to circle round as if not know what to do . medium long shot of the four farmer , back to camera , stand on the road where they have be watch , the music come up louder , as kambei and katsushiro be see walk away over the hill in the background . kikuchiyo stand watch they , circle round with he samurai sword on he shoulder . he and the farmer begin to follow kambei . wipe to a low - angle medium shot of kambei in profile with katsushiro nearest camera beside he . track sideways with they as they walk along the road . kambei ( cont 'd ) but you be embarrassing I . I be not all that good , katsushiro but you be . kambel listen . I have nothing particular to teach you . ( more ) 21 . kambei ( cont 'd ) I have just have a lot of experience fight . that 's all . so just forget about become a disciple , and stop follow I . it 's for you own good . katsushiro run round and face kambei . katsushiro no , I have make up my mind . they stop . hold on a low - angle medium shot of the two . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) I will follow you even if you never accept I . kambeil ( sternly ) I forbid you to . katsushiro look crestfallen . kambei ( cont 'd ) I can not afford to have a disciple . he start to walk away . High - angle long shot look down the road towards a town . in the foreground the four farmer stand look at one another . in the background katsushiro stand face camera as kambei walk away towards the town . rikichi then hurry after kambei , but at this moment kikuchiyo run into shot in the foreground , push past the three other farmer and go into long shot as he pass katsushiro . the music change to kikuchiyo 's theme . medium shot with kambei in the foreground , katsushiro behind he and the three farmer in the background . rikichi be run towards kambei but kikuchiyo run up behind he and push he out of the way . rikichi go off , while kikuchiyo come up and stand in front of kambei , who look at he impassively . kambei ( cont ’d ) what be it ? kikuchiyo scratch he head in embarrassment and walk round towards camera , come into the foreground . Pan slightly with he until he stand back to camera face kambei , with he samurai sword on he shoulder . all the other stop and watch they in the background . 22 . kambei ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? kikuchiyo lope round again and stand face kambei in he former position . he do not reply . katsushiro take a few step forward , and then run up and stand next to kambei . he stare at kikuchiyo , who be still leer at kambei . katsushiro insolent fellow ! medium close - up of kambei and katsushiro , in back view , with kikuchiyo face camera between they . he bend he head slightly and stare , frown , at katsushiro . kikuchiyo mind you own business . low -angle medium close - up of katsushiro and kikuchiyo face each other in profile , with kambei between they face camera . kambei take a step forward towards kikuchiyo . there be a tense pause . kambeil ( smiling slightly ) be you a samurai ? Close - up of kikuchiyo face camera , see over the shoulder of kambei , who be in back view of the foreground . kikuchiyo grin stupidly and then look down , frown again . low -angle medium shot of katsushiro , three - quarter back to camera , with kambei beside he in profile , both face kikuchiyo . behind they can be see the town square . kikuchiyo grin , lift he sword from he shoulder and dig the point in the ground , hold it proudly at the hilt . kikuchiyo of course I be a samurai ! Close - up of kambei look at kikuchiyo , out of shot , through narrow eye . kambeil I wonder . he look round towards katsushiro . the music return to the samurai theme . low -angle medium shot of kambei put a hand on katsushiro 's shoulder to lead he on . kikuchiyo watch in fury , still hold he sword . katsushiro look back at he angrily , then he and kambei begin to walk away . kikuchiyo turn away to watch they go . 23 . he take a few step towards they and aim a furious kick in they direction . then he stride back towards camera , still look back at they over he shoulder and scratch he neck . he circle roud , grimace . camera track after katsushiro and kambei in low - angle medium close - up as they walk through the town square . katsushiro look back , but kambei , with a hand on he shoulder , urge he on . track slightly right as they walk towards the corner of the square , then hold as katsushiro look back again , and stop . katsushiro what be that ? kambei also stop and look round . Long shot of kikuchiyo stand by the side of the road . a small stream run along beside it . in the background the four farmer stand in a group stare at kikuchiyo . medium shot of katsushiro and kambei still look back towards kikuchiyo . kambei look at katsushiro . kambeil do not pay any attention to he . they turn away again and walk on , camera tilting down slightly as they go . Long shot of kikuchiyo . furiously , he pick up a stone and hurl it into the stream , watch in amazement by the farmer . rikichi look at he nervously , and then run along the road towards camera . medium long shot of kambei and katsushiro in back view walk along the road . rikichi run into shot in the foreground , back to camera , and run along behind they . Pan to the right as rikichi catch up with kambei and katsushiro , run round in front of they and go down on he knee in the road in front of kambei . they be see frame by the roof and wooden support of a roadside veranda . Music out . rikichi please ... wipe to medium shot inside a cheap roadside inn . Three of the farmer be kneel on a low bench with head bow . katsushiro sit next to they , by some bar window that look out onto the street . on the leave , and beyond the farmer , kambei can be see stare through a window into the street . they be all in back view . low -angle medium close - up of the bamboo window bar . people can be see walk by in the street outside . 24 . then in the foreground , kambei come into shot , back to camera , as he stand up . kambeil no , it 's impossible . katsushiro ( off ) Sir ... low -angle medium lose - up of kambei , back to camera , as katsushiro come into shot beside he , in three - quarter front view , look at he earnestly . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) they could fight they with bamboo spear . low -angle medium close - up of kambei , three - quarter back to camera . he turn he head to face katsushiro , who stand in three - quarter back view in the foreground . kambeil this be not a game , you know . Pan slightly right as kambei pass in front of katsushiro and turn around . he stand look down , with he back to the window , then go off . kambei ( cont 'd ) ( off ) though they be only bandit , there be forty of they . low -angle medium long shot of kambei stand near the entrance to the inn , face camera . beside he , two of the farmer can be see sit in back view , they head bow dejectedly , and behind they , still stand by the window , be katsushiro . kambei ( cont 'd ) two or three samurai would be no match for they . High -angle medium shot of the three farmer from the side with rikichi in the foreground , manzo in the center and mosuke furthest from camera . low -angle medium close - up of kambei look down at the farmer , who be out of shot . he turn away ; pan right with he as he go over and lean on one of the wooden partition , back to camera . hold as he speak . 25 . kambei ( cont 'd ) Defence be much more difficult than aggression . he turn suddenly to face the farmer . kambei ( cont 'd ) do you say there be hill at the back of you village ? High -angle medium shot of the three farmer . they all look up towards kambei , who be out of shot . rikichi yes , sir . low -angle medium close - up of kambei look down at they . kambeil can horse get over they ? High -angle medium close - up of the farmer . rikichi yes , sir . he smile hopefully . low -angle medium close - up of kambei . he look down thoughtfully , then turn away ; pan right with he as he pace along beside the wooden partition , think aloud . kambeil I see . there be field in the front , then , and so the village be wide open until they be flood for plant . hold as he stop , stand in profile and lean one arm on the partition . kambei ( cont 'd ) we will need guard . one for each direction , than mean four . he turn to face camera , look down at the farmer , who be out of shot . Pan back to the leave as he pace back along the partition , still talk to himself . kambei ( cont 'd ) two more for reserve . so you have need ... seven include myself . 26 . High -angle medium shot of the three farmer , mosuke in the foreground , beside one of the upright wooden pillar , and manzo and rikichi kneel on the other side . rikichi be smile happily . kambei can be see pace up and down in the background . rikichi but can we afford seven ? manzo he tell we to get four of they . rikichi maybe we could do it with three . kambeil wait . I have not say I will . he begin to pace forward again , camera pan leave with he . kambei ( cont 'd ) it be not easy to find that many reliable samurai . hold on a high - angle medium shot of kambei , with katsushiro in the foreground . kambei ( cont 'd ) and the reward will only be three meal a day and the fun of it , if you want to put it that way . track in slightly as kambei walk forward and stand in front of katsushiro in profile , look at the farmer who be out of shot . kambei ( cont 'd ) besides , I be tired of fight . I be probably get old . kambei lean down , and pick up he sword and scarf ; katsushiro also father up he belonging . there be a muffle sound of weep , off . High -angle medium close - up of rikichi bend down and weep , he head turn away from camera . low hum begin , over . medium shot of kambei and katsushiro in front of the bar window , look towards the farmer , who be out of shot . suddenly there be a burst of raucous laughter , off . 27 . medium shot of three labourer lean over the wooden partition ; the one in the middle be laugh and swinging a wine bottle . they come round the partition into the foreground . labourer I be glad I be not bear a farmer . medium shot of the three labourer settling themselves down on one of the bench with the farmer visible behind they , and kambei and katsushiro stand in front of the window . labourer ( cont ’d ) even a dog have a better life than that . one of the labourer suddenly jump up and run back to where the farmer be sit . he bend over they . labourer ( cont ’d ) ( derisively ) you can take it from I , just you go and hang ourselves . you will be a lot happier . he come back grin and join the other two labourer . as the labourer sit down he reveal kambei and katsushiro stand watch in the background . katsushiro you watch what you be say . labourer what 's wrong ? I be just tell the truth . katsushiro the truth ?! then you ought to be sorry for they . labourer do not make I laugh . the three labourer laugh and nudge one another , then the one who be speak turn back to katsushiro . labourer ( cont ’d ) how about you ? be you sorry for they ? katsushiro what ? 28 . labourer yes ... if you be sorry for they - really sorry - then you have help they , would not you ? Close - up of katsushiro . he look down , then up . suddenly he move . High -angle close - up of katsushiro 's sword lie on the bench . his hand come into shot and grab it . tilt up to low - angle medium close - up of manzo and mosuke with the labourer visible behind they . one of the labourer stand up in alarm . the farmer rush out of the way as the other labourer stand up . medium close - up of kambei with the farmer try to get out of the way behind he . kambei move towards katsushiro , camera pan slightly right with he . labourer ( cont ’d ) ( off ) oh , you be go to fight be you ? kambel stop ! katsushiro lunge forward in front of kambei . Quick backward track and pan leave as katsushiro dart across the bench , lose kambei . kambei come into shot again in the foreground , back to camera . Pan leave as kambei circle round after katsushiro and the three labourer scurry across frame in the foreground , escape form katsushiro . hold on a low - angle medium shot of the group , kambei restrain they all . kambei ( cont 'd ) fool ! Close - up of kambei . he look from leave to right . Close - up of one of the labourer cower behind one of he mate , whose shoulder and arm only be in shot . the labourer run round behind he friend , camera pan leave with he , until he almost bump into yohei come in with a bowl of rice . hold on a slight high - angle medium shot of they . the labourer grab the bowl of rice , pan further leave as he approach kambei and hold out the bowl to he . hold on low - angle medium shot of they both , with kambei nearest camera . labourer yes , look at it . it 's for you . go on . but do you know what they eat , that farmer ? they eat millet . they be give you they rice and eat millet themselves . 29 . kambei look silently over to where the farmer be stand , out of shot . medium shot of the farmer cower against the door . low -angle medium close - up of kambei in the foreground , with the labourer hold out the bowl of rice to he . labourer ( cont ’d ) they be give you everything they have . kambei look down at the labourer and take the bowl of rice . kambeil all right . I understand . labourer ( puzzle ) what ? medium shot of the farmer cower in the corner , rikichi in back view . in the foreground , kambei 's hand hold the bowl of steaming rice . the hum reach a climax . kambeil ( off ) I understand . I accept you sacrifice . the hand be withdraw from the shot , and rikichi turn and sink down on he knee with a look of gratitude and relief . he bow down . fade out , and end of music . fade in to medium shot of the open space in the center of the farmer 's village . people be run from the foreground away from camera , gather excitedly in a group . High -angle medium shot of the crowd of villager surround manzo and mosuke . track in to a high - angle medium close - up of mosuke and manzo in the center of the group with villager , include several of the lead man , press round they . gosaku look , manzo 's back ! another villager where be rikichi and yohei ? manzo still in town , look for more samurai . 30 . sampei more samurai ? mosuke we have to find seven of they . there be a gasp from the crowd . medium shot of a group of villager , repeat the number to each other , astound . low -angle medium shot from behind of a samurai , walk past camera in the town . horn music in . track along beside he as rikichi run into shot , shouting . rikichi hey ! hey ! medium shot from behind of yohei and katsushiro inside the inn , watch rikichi and the samurai who can be see in the background through the doorway . as rikichi bow down to the samurai in the distance , katsushiro move across to the door . medium shot of katsushiro watch at the doorway , with yohei also watch , in the foreground . medium shot of the samurai face rikichi , who be bow down to he , back to camera . rikichi ( cont 'd ) please , sir ... samurai what be it ? a fight ? medium shot of katsushiro and yohei watch at the door of the inn . kambeil ( off ) katsushiro ! katsushiro turn he back and look into the dark interior . Pan right with he as he go in and stand back to camera . the music change to the samurai theme . in the background , sit cross -legge on one of the bench , be kambei . he hold out a stout stick . medium close - up of katsushiro look surprised . yohei stand at the doorway behind he , look out . medium shot of kambei hold up the stick . he swing it and hit the floor . 31 . kambei ( cont 'd ) you hide behind the door - and hold the stick up high . medium close - up of katsushiro look rather uncertain . medium shot of kambei . he hold out the stick . kambei ( cont 'd ) when the samurai come in , hit he as hard as you can . medium close - up of katsushiro with yohei visible behind he at the doorway . yohei he 's come now ! katsushiro look around hurriedly . medium shot of kambei hold up the stick impatiently . medium close - up of katsushiro look rather nervous . he bend down . low -angle medium shot of katsushiro , with kambei 's head in the foreground , back to camera . katsushiro take the stick . kambeil now , hit as hard as you can . Close - up of yohei at the door . Pan right with he as he run and hide behind one of the wooden partition . camera pick up katsushiro and pan back to the leave as he go over and hide behind the doorpost . medium shot of yohei watch he from behind the partition . medium shot of kambei sit cross -legge , wait quietly . he pick up a small twig and fiddle with it . medium shot of yohei . medium shot of katsushiro behind the doorpost . he raise the stick in both hand , above he head . medium shot of the samurai approach along the street , follow by rikichi . Pan slightly right as he walk . Close - up of katsushiro hold up the club and peer round the doorpost . 32 . medium shot as the samurai come through the entrance . camera track back in front of he , revealing katsushiro behind the door with he stick raise . rikichi follow at a safe distance . hold on a medium shot as katsushiro bring down the stick with a great shout - but the samurai be too quick for he and ward off the blow . Music out . medium close - up of the samurai , who have grab hold of katsushiro from behind . he push he violently away . medium shot of the interior of the inn . continue he movement , katsushiro stagger into shot in the foreground and slither across the bench , landing in a heap in the corner . Pan slightly leave to include kambei , who stand up , look pleased . Pan right with he as he walk across to where the samurai be stand , very much on he guard . kambei ( cont 'd ) that be splendid . please forgive we . Pan slightly right as the samurai step back . kambei ( cont 'd ) my name be kambei shimada . I be look for good fighter like yourself , I be sorry this happen but it have to be do . he bow . samurai why do you do this ? medium close - up of katsushiro get to he foot rather shake . tilt up with he as he stand up . samurai ( cont 'd ) I be very angry . medium long shot of kambei stand face the samurai , hold out a placate hand . kambeil please forgive we . I need someone like you . you see , we be about to start a campaign against a band of brigands . samurai ( interested ) I see . what clan do you belong to ? 33 . kambeil well , as a matter of fact , this be rather unusual . we employer be a group of farmer - a whole village . samurai farmer ? kambeil that 's right . we do not get any land or anything as a reward but we do get three meal a day while we fight . medium close - up of kambei , back to camera , with the samurai in medium shot , face he , and see over he shoulder . samurai ( disdainfully ) stupid - I can do better than that . wipe to medium close - up from the side of a samurai walk along the street . horn music in . track to the right , follow he as he walk . as he go out of shot , camera track leave with another samurai walk in the opposite direction , carry a spear . track leave to right again as a third samurai come into shot in the foreground and stride past the second samurai , as he go out of shot , camera pick up a ronin walk in the other direction , and pan back with he , leave to right . kambeil ( off ) try he . medium long shot of the ronin walk along the middle of the street . he walk into medium shot as rikichi come out of the inn in the background . Pan right with the ronin . he walk along the street and round the corner , to where a group of child be play . hold as he walk towards they , in back view , to watch they game . rikichi run into shot again . rikichi please , sir ! medium shot of kambei inside the inn . behind he , katsushiro and yohei stand at the doorway , look out into the street . kambei walk towards camera and katsushiro come and stand behind he , look over he shoulder . samurai theme in . katsushiro like the last time ? kambei smile slightly , and turn towards katsushiro . 34 . kambeil yes - and try hard . it 's good training for you . Close - up of yohei , look worried . Pan right with he as he go and hide behind the partition again , camera hold on he for a moment . medium shot of katsushiro at the door with kambei resume hi position cross -legge on the bench . katsushiro peer round the doorpost . medium long shot of the ronin , who name be gorobei , and rikichi , walk towards camera along the street . medium shot of katsushiro with kambei sit in the background . katsushiro duck out of sight behind the door . medium shot of katsushiro hide behind the door . he raise the stick at the ready . rikichi appear in the street outside , and bow and stand aside to let gorobei approach first . gorobei hesitates , then stop just outside the door , look through into the inn . he smile . Close - up of gorobei smile , then laugh . gorobeil I see ... it 's a joke ! medium shot of kambei in the inn . he smile and slap he knee , then start to get up . tilt up with he as he stand up and come forward into low - angle medium close - up . kambel please forgive we ! wipe to medium shot of kambei stand in the inn with gorobei back to camera in the background . the latter pace up and down beside the window thoughtfully , and then come back to face kambei . he smile . gorobeil well , it sound interesting . kambei bow slightly . gorobei ( cont 'd ) I know what the farmer have to put up with , but it 's not because of they that I accept . it 's because of you . kambei grin and rub he head . Music out . 35 . wipe to medium shot of the entrance to the inn from the inside . smiling happy , kambei approach in the street outside . medium long shot of katsushiro stand by the window as kambei come in through the door . he be follow by he old friend shichiroji , who be carry a yoke on he shoulder . he put it on the floor as kambei speak . kambeil but this be wonderful . it be so good to find you alive . I would give you up for lose . how do you get away ? kambei go out of shot and shichiroji prepare to sit down , take off he hat . medium shot of kambei sit down and shichiroji in the foreground , also seat . shichiroji well , I lay right down in the ditch there , in the water . but when the castle finally burn down and then almost fall on I , I think I be go . he wipe he chest with a cloth . kambeil how do you feel ? shichiroji oh , not too bad . kambeil be you ready for another fight ? Close - up of shichiroji with katsushiro stand in the background . shichiroji smile . Music in . medium shot of kambei and shichiroji . they smile at each other understandingly . wipe to low - angle medium close - up of gorobei in the street , rub he chin . tilt down slightly as he turn and walk towards a roadside food stall with seat , and the stall - keeper prepare food . medium shot from behind of gorobei sit down in the stall , watch the crowd of people go past in the street . the stall-keeper come in shot and present he with a tray . 36 . he take a bowl from it and the stall -keeper leave the tray on the seat beside he . track back slightly as they speak . Music out . gorobeil I never know they be so few . stall-keeper what be it you be after , sir ? gorobeil samurai . stall-keeper samurai ? gorobeil yes . stall-keeper well , there 's one at the back of my house , though I do not think he 's a very good one . he keep ask I to give he something to eat . then he say he have cut my firewood for I because he have no money . they both laugh . there be a yell , then the sound of wood be chop , off . the stall-keeper go out into the road . low -angle medium close - up of the stall -keeper look towards the sound of chopping . stall-keeper ( cont ’d ) still , he seem honest enough . Pan slightly right as gorobei appear and stand in front of the stall - keeper , look in the same direction . the stall - keeper go off . medium shot of a huge pile of log . every now and again there be a shout and the noise of a axe on wood . gorobei 's head appear over the pile of log and camera track back as he walk round and over the heap , and stand look down . track continue to include a samurai chopping wood . at every downward stroke he give bloodcurdle yell . his sword lie on the grass beside he . hold on medium shot of he with gorobei in the background . the samurai , heihachi , look back to where gorobei be stand watch he , and then continue . grinning , gorobei sit on the log to watch . without a word , heihachi pick up he sword and move it away to he other side , a safe distance from gorobei . Music in . heihachi be about to split another log when he turn away to face gorobei . 37 . heihachi have not you ever see anyone cut firewood before ? gorobeil you seem to enjoy it . heihachi that 's just the way I be . yah ! he chop another log . gorobeil ( laugh ) you be good . High -angle medium shot of heihachi , with gorobei 's head and shoulder in back view in the foreground . heihachi not really . it 's a lot harder than kill enemy . yah ! he split another log . low -angle medium close - up of gorobei lean forward and grin . gorobeil have you kill many ? High -angle medium shot of heihachi in back view , prepare to chop another log , with gorobei , back to camera , in the foreground . heihachi turn towards he slightly . heihachi since it 's impossible to kill they all - yah ! he split another log and then turn back to gorobei again . heihachi ( cont 'd ) - I usually run away . low -angle medium close - up of gorobei . gorobeil ( grinning ) a splendid principle . High - angle medium shot of they both . heihachi thank you . yah ! 38 . he chop a log and set up the next , raise he axe and prepare to strike . gorobeil incidentally - be you interested in kill twenty or thirty bandit ? heihachi miss the log completely and turn round in surprise . wipe to medium shot of kambei and katsushiro walk towards camera in the town square . Music out . they come into the foreground and go off . medium long shot of kambei and katsushiro in the street look at a group of people who have gather to watch something . High -angle long shot , over the head of the group of people , of two samurai in the grounds of a temple , prepare to start a practice bout with long bamboo staff . kambei and katsushiro appear in the foreground , back to camera , and also stand and watch . medium shot of the two samurai , cut bamboo shoot off they staff . the taller of the two lay down he sword . tall samurai let 's begin . the second samurai , kyuzo , also lay down he sword as the tall samurai come forward into low - angle medium close - up . he circle round . Long shot of the two samurai with the crowd watch ; other people be run along the road on the other side of the temple wall to join they . Pan right to leave as the tall samurai back off and kyuzo come forward . the crowd press round a open in the temple wall with kambei and katsushiro in they midst , all watch . hold as the tall samurai raise he staff , then slowly kyuzo also raise he staff and they both pause , at the ready . medium close - up of kambei and katsushiro with other man behind look over they shoulder . kambei and katsushiro take a few pace forward . other people can be see push forward in the background to get a better view . medium shot of the tall samurai hold he staff , one knee bent . medium close - up of kambei and katsushiro look leave . they turn they head slightly and look right . 39 . medium shot of kyuzo , with one knee bent . medium close - up of kambei and katsushiro . they eye move from right to leave . medium shot of the tall samurai flex he muscle . he raise he staff over he head and yell . medium close - up of kambei and katsushiro . medium close - up of kyuzo . he step back and hold he staff back at the ready . medium close - up of kambei and katsushiro . medium shot of the tall samurai edging forward , with he staff above he head . Quick medium shot of kyuzo ready to take the blow . medium shot of the tall samurai . medium close - up of kambei and katsushiro . there be a sustained yell , off . medium long shot of the two samurai . the tall samurai rush towards kyuzo , yell , watch by the crowd in the background . Pan right with he and hold as he strike kyuzo ; kyuzo parry the blow and they remain motionless for a moment , staff lock . medium shot of the two samurai lock together , kyuzo in back view . they step back slightly and the tall samurai strike kyuzo 's staff in a gesture of triumph . kyuzo step back , and walk out of shot . tall samurai ( cont ’d ) too bad - a tie . medium shot of kyuzo stand impassively . kyuzo no . Close - up of the tall samurai : he grin and then stare in amazement . Close - up of kyuzo . kyuzo ( cont 'd ) I win . Close - up of the tall samurai , incredulous . 40 . Close - up of kyuzo move away ; pan right with he . Close - up of the tall samurai look at he angrily . tall samurai that 's preposterous ! low -angle medium shot of the two samurai , back to camera . kyuzo walk away , watch by the other man . he stop and turn back . kyuzo if it have be a real sword , you would have be dead . then he walk on . the tall samurai , furious , throw down he staff and stride after he . medium long shot of the two samurai approach the temple step where they leave they sword . the tall samurai grab he sword . the crowd begin to move forward in the background . tall samurai well , all right , then . let 's use sword . kyuzo there be no need . tall samurai what ? kyuzo if I use a sword , I 'il kill you . it 's stupid . enrage , the tall samurai run across into the open space , camera tracking with he . hold on two man face each other . the crowd press forward in the background . the tall samurai draw he sword defiantly . tall samurai hey ! do not you run away . draw ! the crowd stop in its track . kyuzo stand motionless for a moment , then slowly drop he hat to the grass and draw he sword , come forward slightly . High -angle medium shot of the crowd back hurriedly out through the open into the road again . 41 . medium shot of the tall samurai , back to camera in the foreground , with kyuzo face he , and kambei and katsushiro visible in the background . all the rest of the crowd have now retreat . kyuzo and the tall samurai start to circle round each other . High -angle medium long shot of the crowd behind the wall , press forward again . a bird sing again , off . medium long shot of the two samurai hold out they sword , kyuzo face , and the tall samurai still back to camera , with the crowd in the background . the tall samurai run backwards hold he sword above he head , ready to charge ; pan right with he and then hold . he yell . medium shot of kambei and katsushiro watch intently with the crowd a little way behind they . kambeil how senseless . it 's obvious what will happen . medium long shot of the two man , kyuzo on the leave still hold he sword out in front of he , the tall samurai on the right hold he sword above he head , and the crowd in the background . kyuzo take one step forward , the other take one step back . then kyuzo step back and hold he sword back at the read , as he do with the staff in the previous fight . medium long shot of kambei and katsushiro stand tensely , with the crowd motionless behind they . the tall samurai begin to yell . medium shot pan leave to right with the tall samurai as he bound forward yell . hold as he reach kyuzo , who swiftly bring he sword up and round onto the other 's neck . the tall samurai stop dead in he track . medium close - up of kambei and katsushiro take a step forward . the crowd shift behind they . medium shot of the two swordsman ; they stand absolutely still for a moment - then the tall samurai sink to the ground in slow motion . medium close - up of kambei and katsushiro . kambei do not look surprised at the outcome but katsushiro be obviously overwhelm . Close - up of katsushiro dumbfounded . wipe to a general shot of the street . the samurai theme come in , low . kambei and katsushiro be walk along . 42 . camera pan slightly right as they walk , pick up gorobei who come up and join they . gorobeil have any luck ? kambeil ( look at katsushiro ) miss one - a fine swordsman . gorobeil ( laugh ) the fish that get away always look big . kambeil ( seriously ) no . I watch he kill a man . a excited crowd rush along the street in the opposite direction have obviously hear about the fight . kambei ( cont 'd ) yet he 's not interest in kill , only in perfect he skill . sure enough , he refuse . gorobeil that 's too bad . they move towards the inn , camera pan with they . kambeil I tell he where to find I though . Music out . wipe to close - up of kyuzo at the door on the inn . it be night . gorobeil ( off ) so snow we will need two more . heihachi just one more I think . kambel ( off ) what ? oh ! medium close - up of kambei stand up , smile delightedly . Pan right with he as he go across to the door of the inn where kyuzo be stand . samurai theme in . 43 . kambei ( cont 'd ) you have consent to come . thank you very much . kyuzo when do we leave ? kambeil tomorrow . High -angle medium shot of heihachi , gorobei and shichiroji sit together . they look at each other with surprise . tilt up with heihachi as he stand up . heihachi tomorrow ? medium shot of kambei and kyuzo . kambei turn with a smile . kambeil that 's right . let 's forget about the seventh . we have no time to lose . kambei go off , and kyuzo move forward . medium long shot of the samurai sit and stand in relaxed position in the inn . a figure can be see run past the window outside . Close - up of katsushiro grin happily . medium shot of kyuzo sit on a bench behind one of the wooden partition , undoing he shoe strap . behind be the dark doorway look onto the street . Music out . one of the labourer run in , shouting for attention , camera tracking with he , till he face the samurai , see between shichiroji , in back view in the foreground , and kambei . they look at the labourer . Close - up of the labourer . labourer ( excite ) I have find a really tough samurai . we have this big fight with he and he really beat we up . I have never see anyone as tough as he be . like a wild dog . we drank together afterwards and become friend though . I ask he . he 's come . medium shot of the group of samurai with the labourer in back view in the foreground . they look at each other . 44 , Close - up of kambei in the foreground with katsushiro in medium close - up behind he . katsushiro ( grinning ) shall I do it again ? kambei turn he head to look at katsushiro . he look away again and rub he head , smile . High -angle close - up of katsushiro 's hand grab he stick . medium close - up of katsushiro from the side . Pan right with he as he move forward . medium shot of the labourer , dumbfounded ; pan as he run over to katsushiro . hold with the labourer by the open door and katsushiro in he usual position , hide behind the doorpost . labourer what be you do ? katsushiro raise the stick over he head . low -angle medium shot , through the bar of the partition , of kambei and the other samurai sit down in a group . the labourer rush forward and point at kambei . labourer ( cont ’d ) that 's not fair . look ... kambeil just watch . if he 's really such a strong samurai , he will dodge easily enough . labourer but he 's drunk ! kambeil a strong samurai would never get so drunk . Pan leave to right as the labourer run back and crouch down by the window . sound of confuse shouting outside . hold on the dark doorway , include katsushiro , back to camera , with he stick raise . the other two labourer appear outside the door with kikuchiyo . labourer here it be . no , no . here . look where you be go . come on , this way . 45 . kikuchiyo ( stagger and shouting ) what , what ? where ? katsushiro lunge forward with a yell . Close - up of the 1st labourer , horrify . a sicken thump , off . he swallow nervously . medium shot , with the partition in the foreground , of katsushiro look down in horror as kikuchiyo slump to the floor at he foot . the two other labourer watch amaze in the doorway . kikuchiyo bend double on he knee , clutching he head . Close - up of the 2nd labourer , stare in amazement . Close - up of the 1st labourer . his mouth have drop open and he eye be pop as he stare at kikuchiyo . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo in the foreground , hold he head and whimper . the 1st labourer rush forward and kneel beside he , put a arm around he shoulder . 1st labourer that be not fair at all . kikuchiyo push the labourer away roughly and he fall to the ground out of sight . medium close - up of kikuchiyo sit up , with katsushiro just visible in the background . Pan slightly to reveal katsushiro in full , stare down at kikuchiyo , who be sway drunkenly . kikuchiyo lean forward , come into close -up . kikuchiyo which one of you hit I like that ? a pause . Close - up of kambei laugh , with heihachi and shichiroji behind he , also laugh . kambei suddenly stop laugh and look closely at kikuchiyo , who be out of shot . he have recognize he . Close - up of kikuchiyo with a evil expression on he face . he lean back . Pan slightly as katsushiro come up and bend over he worriedly . he have also recognize kikuchiyo . grunting furiously , kikuchiyo pull himself to he foot . low -angle medium close - up of katsushiro , three - quarter back to camera , see between the wooden bar of the partition . in the background , kikuchiyo have get to he foot . 46 . fast pan to the leave as he lunge towards katsushiro , who dodge out of the way . hold on katsushiro and kikuchiyo , see over the partition . in the background , one of the labourer stand watch . kikuchiyo sway and grin nastily as katsushiro dodge away again . infuriate , kikuchiyo stagger round after he , support himself on the partition , camera pan with he . he drop down in a stupor , camera tilting down with he , one arm dangle over the lower bar of the partition . the other samurai can be see through the partition in the background . kikuchiyo , in back view , heave slightly , look up and then point towards kambei . Pan slightly further in include all the other samurai . kikuchiyo begin to crawl towards they . medium close - up of kambei , back to camera , with kikuchiyo face he on all four . he pull himself closer and stare at kambei from under beetling brow . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) oh , it 's you , be it ? he run he hand over kambei 's shave head . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) I remember you head . you have the nerve to ask I if I be a samurai . do not you ? I never forget a face . look , i’ a real samurai , all right . medium shot of gorobei , heihachi and shichiroji laugh uncontrollably . medium shot of kikuchiyo lean back against the partition . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) here . I be go to show you something . just look at this . he stand up and back away , camera tilting up slightly . he turn round and drunkenly fumble inside he clothing to find something that be conceal there . he turn back , hold out a scroll . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) there , just you look at this . it 's be hand down in my family for generation and generation . and you ask I if I be a samurai ! look at this , just look at this ! he lurch towards camera , but trip on he sword and fall back against the partition . 47 . medium shot of the group of samurai . kikuchiyo stagger across in the foreground and slump down next to kambei , throw down he sword as he do so . he unroll the long scroll . kambei pick it up and look at the part that kikuchiyo have indicate . the other lean forward . kambeil I see . and so this kikuchiyo be you ? kikuchiyo that 's right . kambeil you be bear , let 's see ...on 17 February , the second Year of tensho . he begin to roar with laughter . kikuchiyo what 's so funny ? kambeil you do not look thirteen . kikuchiyo ( suspiciously ) what 's that ? kambeil where do you steal this scroll ? kikuchiyo what ? steal it ? now , look here , just who do you think you be ? heihachi just thirteen , eh? kikuchiyo you just shut you mouth , you there . kikuchiyo grunt and sway even though he be sit down . kyuzo , who be sit opposite he , watch he carefully . he pick up he own sword and put it out of sight . kikuchiyo lunge towards he sword ; rapid pan as kyuzo swiftly grab it and pass it back to katsushiro , who be stand by the partition behind he . katsushiro take the sword and dash off , camera pan quickly with he . hold as he dart round between the partition and out of sight . 48 . High -angle medium shot of katsushiro run between the wooden upright of the stable in the inn . kikuchiyo dash up in the background , shouting , but katsushiro dodge out of the way , camera tracking leave with he . kikuchiyo charge forward and lean against the partition as katsushiro appear in the foreground , hold up the sword . kikuchiyo grab a stick that be lean against one of the post and run round to katsushiro 's side of the partition , camera pan with he , but katsushiro dodge away . low -angle medium close - up of the two labourer still at the doorway , see from outside . they get out of the way as kikuchiyo run past inside and camera pan right along the outside of the window , follow he . hold on kikuchiyo , back to the camera , on the other side of the bamboo slat . at that moment , he step back , as heihachi be see take the sword from katsushiro , and fall against the bamboo slat which collapse under he weight . he fall backwards into the street . he stagger to he foot again as heihachi approach hold the sword . heihachi steady , thirteen - year-old ! kikuchiyo grab hold of the bamboo bar Close - up of kikuchiyo through the bar . he hold onto they and shake they violently . medium shot of kikuchiyo hold onto the bar . heihachi stand inside watch he with the other samurai in the background . as kikuchiyo lunge forward and through the open he have make in the wall , heihachi dash out of shot , follow by the infuriate kikuchiyo . Music in : kikuchiyo 's theme . medium close - up , pan leave to right with heihachi as he dash past , still carry kikuchiyo 's sword . medium close - up of kikuchiyo dash past on the other side of the partition , camera move with he . High -angle medium shot of heihachi jump down through a open into the kitchen of the inn . he stand look through the partition . medium shot of kikuchiyo , who have fall over , grab a wooden tub which he hurl in the direction of heihachi . he get to he foot and plunge forward again , camera pan with he . hold on the entrance to the kitchen ; heihachi dodge out of sight and kikuchiyo stagger down into the kitchen area . heihachi come forward again and tap he on the shoulder , but kikuchiyo be so drunk he cannot catch he , and hang on to a post to keep he balance , shouting . 49 , medium close - up , pan right with heihachi , who be still rush round and round the same part of the inn . medium close - up , pan right with kikuchiyo , who be stumbling along , haul himself from post to post . he get onto the wrong side of the partition , come into the foreground , and dive towards heihachi who be on the other side , but he be stop by the wooden rail . camera hold on he . he hurl himself back the other way , camera pan leave with he . low -angle medium shot of heihachi look over the partition . kikuchiyo appear in the foreground . he have almost have it . Pan slightly as heihachi lean forward , and pat kikuchiyo on the shoulder , over the partition . heihachi ( cont 'd ) brace up , Sir kikuchiyo ! with a great roar , kikuchiyo pull himself up again , camera pan as heihachi step back prudently . low -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo step back from the partition . he lean back against a post , camera hold after a slight pan to the right . heihachi 's arm appear over the partition and tap he on the shoulder . heihachi ( cont ’d ) courage , thirteen ! kikuchiyo make another desperate lunge over the partition , camera pan slightly with he , but again heihachi dodge out of the way . he try to climb over , and camera pan further and tilt up to reveal heihachi , laugh , on the other side of the partition with kikuchiyo , back to camera , in the foreground . he can hold on no longer and lose he grip , drop down out of sight at the bottom of frame . tilt down follow he limp arm against the partition . hold as he fall onto a bed of straw , mutter to himself . kikuchiyo blasted samurai ! medium shot of heihachi look over the partition and laugh . he step forward and look over . High -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo , who have fall asleep in a drunken stupor on the straw . Music out sa he begin to snore . medium close - up of heihachi lean over the wooden barrier , look at kikuchiyo , who be out of shot . Pan leave with he as he move away , laugh loudly .. 50 . Pan further and hold as he join the other who have come up on the other side of the partition . they all laugh with heihachi . katsushiro do you think he 's a real samurai ? kambeil well , he think he be . as they all turn away , laugh , and go back to the main room of the inn , the 1st labourer come up from the shadow in the foreground and stare over the partition towards kikuchiyo , puzzle and dismay . kikuchiyo snore , off . wipe to a low - angle shot of the dawn sky , look up over the roof of the inn . a cock crow . Music in . medium shot of the samurai inside the inn , get ready to leave . kambei be in the foreground , fasten he cloak , and the other be busy behind he fix they clothes or weapon . they all get up and file out to the leave until only heihachi remain . Pan with he as he bend down and pick up kikuchiyo 's scroll . Swift circular pan and tilt up as heihachi go round the wooden partition carry the scroll . heihachi hey , kikuchiyo ! camera tilt down as he toss the scroll over the bar and it unroll on both side . heihachi ( cont 'd ) take good care of this . Quick track in towards the lower bar of the partition to reveal kikuchiyo behind they , sit up , he grab the scroll , tear it in half . track in closer as he kneel up , and stare between the bar in the direction of heihachi . kikuchiyo ( desperately ) wait ! take I with you ! he shake the wooden bar angrily , and grit he tooth as he glare after heihachi . Long shot of the samurai come towards camera in the desert town square . in the foreground , rikichi and yohei be wait for they , see from behind . as the six samurai walk towards they , the two farmer turn towards camera and walk forward , both smile happily . they go off in the foreground and camera hold on the samurai follow they . 51 . very-high - angle long shot of the farmer 's village from the top of the hill . nothing move . medium shot of the entrance of a house , look through the doorway . Inside , a young girl be kneel down , back to camera , she head bent forward . medium shot of the girl , back to camera . she be wash she long hair in a small stream which run through the back of the house . suddenly she turn she head and look round towards camera . it be shino . Music out . low -angle medium close - up of shino look away from camera , still kneel on the floor . manzo , she father , stand at the threshold , silhouett against the light . High -angle medium close - up of shino look up over she shoulder . shino what 's the matter ? she turn away to continue wash she hair . a pause . she look round again . low -angle medium shot of manzo look down at she fearfully . he take a few pace forward . High -angle medium close - up of shino . tilt up with she as she stand up and turn to face camera . her wet hair hang down over she shoulder . shino ( cont 'd ) why be you look at I like that ? medium long shot of shino , back to camera , with manzo face she , still stand in the doorway . he take a step towards she . low -angle medium close - up of manzo , stare at shino , out of shot . he take a cut - throat razor out from inside he robe . manzo shino . you must cut you hair . low -angle medium close - up of shino . she look at manzo nervously and instinctively put a hand up to she hair . return to manzo . manzo ( cont 'd ) so you can look like a boy . 52 . medium close - up of shino . she look down at she long , wet hair and hold it protectively against she head . shino ( frightened ) but why ? return to manzo . manzo it 's for you own good . medium long shot , through the thin wall of the house , of manzo stride towards shino . shino back away . manzo ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) samurai be come here ! they be dangerous ! fast track along the outside wall as shino run backwards , still hold onto she hair , pursue by manzo , brandish the razor . shino ( scream ) no , please ! manzo ( scream ) I ' 1l cut it myself . she run away through the house and camera track back along the outside wall again as manzo chase after she . they be just visible through the wall . hold beside the entrance as shino rush out , closely follow by manzo . tilt down and pan as she run across to a nearby house . manzo almost catch she but she manage to get away and camera pan right with they as she run back into the middle of the village square , follow by manzo . she duck under a wooden rail and then trip . High -angle medium close - up of shino as she fall face down on the ground , raise a cloud of dust . Pan slightly as manzo come up and grab she . she try to get away , scream , she wet hair fly about she shoulder . tilt up as he try to drag she off , scream and cry , as mosuke and another farmer be reveal come towards camera behind they . other villager have gather to watch in the background . manzo manage to drag shino away , go off in the foreground . hold on the watch villager . wipe to a medium shot of the entrance to manzo 's house from inside . mosuke duck under the low doorway and come in . 53 . Pan with he as he run over and stop in three - quarter back view , look as manzo , who be reveal sit cross -legge on the floor in the middle of the room . in the background , shino be lie face down , sobbing . medium shot of shino lie on a low bed , cry bitterly . branch of blossom can be see through the open window behind she . High -angle close - up of shino sobbing . her hair have be cut short . medium shot of mosuke still stand , in three - quarter back view , with manzo seat in front of he . mosuke you really be a fool . Pan slightly right as mosuke sit down in front of manzo . mosuke ( cont 'd ) now you have get the whole village in a uproar . all the girl be terrify . what be we to do ? that samurai be come any day now . he sit up and face manzo , who do not move . mosuke ( cont ’d ) we will go and see gisaku . Pan leave with mosuke , now back to camera , as he rush back to the doorway , where a crowd of onlooker have gather . track in and hold on mosuke , in back view , with the crowd in the background . mosuke ( cont 'd ) ( waving he arm ) it 's nothing , go on home . the crowd do not move . Pan leave with mosuke as he run towards camera to a bar window high in the wall , where another group be look in from outside . he look through at they , still in back view . mosuke ( cont 'd ) go away ! he turn back towards manzo , who be out of shot , and move away . hold on the crowd , still look anxiously through the window . 54 . mosuke ( cont 'd ) ( off ) well , if we be go to do something we should do it before the samurai get here . High -angle medium shot of the samurai , lead by rikichi and yohei , stride towards camera along a country road , with hill in the background . samurai theme in - horn . on the crest of the hill behind they , kikuchiyo can be see follow . they all stop and look round towards he . he also stop . heihachi still follow we ! in the background , kikuchiyo begin to pace across the track . Music change to kikuchiyo 's theme on the cut . low -angle medium long shot of kikuchiyo stand on the brow of the hill , silhouett against the sky , with he sword balanced on one shoulder . he be look towards the other . he turn round , and then crouch down on the verge , still look towards they . High -angle medium shot of the samurai and the two farmer , all in back view , look back up the road towards kikuchiyo . heihachi pick up a stone and pretend to throw it . kikuchiyo stand up again in the background . as he do so , they all laugh and then turn back towards camera , walk out of shot at the bottom of frame . hold on kikuchiyo , who start to follow they - cautiously at first , then stride quickly forward . wipe to low - angle shot of the samurai , silhouett against the sky . they be seat on some rock at the top of a roaring waterfall , eat they midday meal . Music louder . heihachi , who be sit on the rock nearest the water , stand up and point towards the bottom of the fall , which be out of shot . katsushiro stand up as well and the other look at heihachi . low -angle long shot look towards the waterfall . in the background , the samurai can be see sit on the rock at the top . in the foreground , kikuchiyo appear from the bottom of frame as he stand up . occasionally glance up at the watch samurai , he take off he robe and stand wear only a loin cloth . tilt down and pan leave to right as he throw down he robe and turn away , pick he way through boulder to the stream . smoke from a small fire blow across . the waterfall roar down in the background . hold on he stand leg apart , bend down with he hand on he knee in the middle of the stream . he study the water closely , then walk forward , the water swirl round he knee . 55 . low -angle medium long shot of the samurai sit or stand on the rock by the waterfall , look down . medium shot of kikuchiyo , in three - quarter back view , thigh - deep in the racing stream . he bend down , peer at the murky water . he turn away , and very carefully bend down towards a outcrop of rock on the other side of the stream . very slowly , he lower himself into the water until he be almost submerge . a pause . then suddenly he leap up , with a gleeful shout , hold a fish . Pan right with he as he leap through the stream , then turn towards camera , come up onto the nearer bank again , smile broadly . hold on he as he turn and look up at the samurai , wave the fish . laugh , he crouch down on he haunch , camera tilting down with he . he fix the fish on the end of a twig ; pan slightly right to reveal the small fire . satisfied , he begin to grill the fish , blow up the flame as he do so . wipe to a medium shot of the samurai , back to the camera , walk through a forest . Music softer . sunlight stream through the branch of tall tree on either side of the track . camera track behind they as they walk along . then heihachi , at the back of the group and nearest camera , turn round and walk backwards a couple of step before stop . heihachi ( cont ’d ) he do not seem to be come . all the other stop and turn round , look back the way they have just come . gorobei come forward and stand by heihachi , smile . gorobeil finally give up , do he ? heihachi funny though , he follow we all the time , now I sort of ... miss he ! they all laugh , then turn back to continue up the sloping path . suddenly , with a yell , kikuchiyo jump down from a high bank on the leave , landing on the path ahead of they . Music louder . with a high -pitch giggle he point up the path through the tree and shout down at they . kikuchiyo this way , this way ! laugh , he turn and stride on up the path , go out of sight . the samurai in the foreground look at one another , laugh in amazement , then turn to follow he . Music change to a quiet tune on a wipe to the next shot . 56 . wipe to a high - angle very long shot look down onto the village , with the brow of the hill in the foreground . rikichi run in from the bottom of frame and stop on the edge of the steep slope , back to camera , as yohei follow with the samurai . rikichi point excitedly down at the village . low -angle medium shot of kambei , furthest from camera , with profile . track with they as they stride down the slope , pick up rikichi and yohei in the background . they all stop and look down into the valley . track on slightly as kikuchiyo pass they all in the foreground and stand insolently in from of heihachi , also look down . heihachi so that 's we castle , be it ? kikuchiyo I would hate to die in a dung heap like that . heihachi ( look down at he ) nobody ask you to help . kikuchiyo look up at heihachi as rikichi run further down the slope in the background , camera pan leave with he , lose the other . rikichi stop on the edge of the steep drop . he shout and wave he hat , and the pan continue across the hillside until the village be reveal below . Music out . as rikichi 's voice echoe round the valley , the few people who be visible in the village square disappear rapidly into the house . wipe to medium long shot of the samurai with rikichi and yohei stand in the village square , look around . it be late afternoon . the square be completely desert . rikichi run forward , drop he hat , shouting again . yohei follow he . rikichi I be back ! I bring the gentleman with I ! Pan leave with rikichi as he run across to the house on the far side of the square , follow by yohei . the samurai watch he in the background . rikichi ( cont 'd ) the samurai be here ! Pan right as he run back past the samurai , stop to shout desperately . 57 . rikichi ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? come out ! Pan leave as he run back to the samurai . medium shot of rikichi from the side , shouting through cup hand , watch by katsushiro : , gorobei , heihachi and kyuzo on one side , and kikuchiyo , who be still sit up on a wooden railing on the other side . he laugh as there be not response to rikichi 's shout . rikichi run forward again , camera pan with he as he go and stand on some raise ground in front of kikuchiyo . yohei come run up to he anxiously . then shichiroji and kambei appear in back view in the foreground . a noise off make they all turn towards camera . medium shot of the door of a house , partly obscure behind a straw fence . the door open slightly and two face peer out through the crack . then the door close again quickly . medium shot of kambei and shichiroji still look over they shoulder towards camera , with rikichi and yohei face camera stand up on the mound . in the background stand heihachi and kyuzo , with kikuchiyo still sit on the fence . then katsushiro and gorobei move forward . they all look up towards rikichi . heihachi go up onto the mound and stand beside he , look round the desert village . rikichi ( cont 'd ) ( embarrass ) I do not know what 's happen . heihachi a real welcome , I have say . kikuchiyo laugh again . kambei , still stand in the foreground , address rikichi . kambeil what do this mean ? rikichi spin around desperately . High -angle medium shot of rikichi shouting through cup hand , and yohei next to he look frighten . in the foreground , kikuchiyo sit perch on the fence in three - quarter back view . rikichi come out ! what 's the matter with you ? welcome you guest ! 58 . kikuchiyo laugh heartily , point at rikichi . in the background , mosuke be run towards camera . rikichi see he and run towards he . medium long shot of rikichi with mosuke at the edge of the desert square . they confer and then run back . medium shot of rikichi pan leave with he as he race up to where the samurai be still stand . hold on the whole group except kambei and katsushiro , then pan slightly further to include the latter . mosuke join they . rikichi ( cont 'd ) well ... let 's go see old gisaku . kambeil gisaku ? mosuke he make all out decision for we . heihachi the village patriarch ? rikichi and mosuke yes , sir , yes . heihachi ( ironically ) so we be to have a audience . what a honour . kikuchiyo guffaw again . rikichi shall we go ? Pan slightly right as they all follow rikichi and mosuke . laugh , kikuchiyo remain sit on the fence then get down and stride after they . he stop on the edge of the bank and yell after they , then mockingly scrape he foot several time on the ground . wipe to close - up of gisaku in the mill , he head bent and he eye close . the sound of the water - wheel can be hear throughout this sequence . he raise he head slightly and look leave . the low , hum chorus begin over as camera start a circular track round he until kambei be include , in front view with gisaku in three - quarter back view in the foreground . gorobei and heihachi stand in the background behind kambei . they look bored . 59 . low -angle medium close - up of gorobei with kyuzo and katsushiro visible behind he , and in the background , yohei and rikichi , with head bent . track back until gisaku be reveal , three - quarter back to camera . they sit motionless , look down or with arm fold . then gisaku turn he head towards camera and look round . medium shot of mosuke and manzo sit in a corner with they hand on they knee . track back to reveal kambei sit cross -legge on one side , and gisaku sit opposite he . the two farmer can be see between they , watch carefully in the background . gisaku groan . gisaku they be just foolish you see . he look up towards kambei . gisaku ( cont 'd ) they be farmer ; they be afraid . afraid of everything : rain , drought , wind . they wake up afraid , they go to bed afraid . today be no different . Close - up of kambei with shichiroji and heihachi behind he , see over he shoulder . kambeil but why be they afraid of we ? what do they think we will do to they ? Big close - up of gisaku . he close he eye tightly . suddenly the wooden alarm clapper sound loudly , off . gisaku look up , he eye wide open with alarm . Close - up of yohei , he mouth open , very frighten . he turn and rush out of shot . medium shot of yohei . Pan with he as he rush through the mill . High -angle medium close - up of mosuke and manzo look round nervously as the alarm clapper continue , off . Long shot focus on part of the village square . as the alarm clapper sound off , the villager , scream and yell , rush out of they house and congregate in the middle of the square . Pan leave across the square as they gather together in panic . 60 . low -angle medium long shot of the mill . Pan right as the samurai and the farmer run out of the mill doorway , lead by kyuzo . the samurai theme come in , loud . Pan with they as they rush along the river bank . medium close - up tracking with kyuzo as he run . medium close - up tracking with heihachi . medium close - up tracking with shichiroji . Quick medium close - up tracking with gorobei . Quick medium close - up tracking with kambei . Quick medium close - up tracking with katsushiro . High -angle long shot of the panic villager in the square . Long shot of the samurai rush across a small bridge with the paddy field stretch out behind they and the hill rise up in the background . yohei ( shout , off ) help ! the bandit ! the bandit be come . the samurai , lead by kyuzo , race towards camera and go off in the foreground follow by the farmer . last to cross the bridge be yohei who pause for a moment in medium long shot as the uproar continue , off . then he run off in the foreground . medium long shot tracking with kyuzo and heihachi as they dash towards the village square . hold as they reach the crowd , who immediately surround they , shouting hysterically . heihachi push he way through , shouting and wave he arm , try to quiet they down . Pan further leave as all the samurai push through and get up onto the raise ground , look down on the villager who jostle for position below they . heihachi ( shout ) shut up ! medium close - up of kambei with shichiroji just behind he . kambeil ( fiercely ) calm down now . just calm down . listen ! 61 . he begin to move towards the crowd . High -angle medium shot , with katsushiro in back view in the foreground and heihachi beside he . Pan with kambei as he go to the edge of the raise bank to address the crowd , who be gather round face camera in the background . hold on kambei as he stop in back view , with heihachi and gorobei behind he , face camera . kambei ( cont 'd ) first , which direction be the come from ? Pan with kambei as he cross from right to leave , look round as the crowd shift and many conflict voice answer he . voice from the mountain ... the main road ... no , no , the mountain ... kambei turn back to another part of the crowd . medium close - up of kambei continue he movement until he face camera with gorobei behind he . Pan right with he as he stride past katsushiro , shouting . kambeil now , who see they ? come on , step forward . who see they ? no one ? Pan leave as he race back , still face camera . kambei ( cont 'd ) then who ring the alarm ? kikuchiyo ( off ) I do . kambei , startle , look towards the voice . behind he , katsushiro turn as well . Long shot of kikuchiyo stand on a raise pathway in front of a house , see over the head of the crowd . the other samurai stand in back view on the leave . they all look towards kikuchiyo , who beat the wooden alarm clapper . then he leap down from the terrace and run towards they , stop in front of the crowd . he laugh at the crowd as they back off fearfully . medium shot of kikuchiyo surround by the crowd , with rikichi next to he . 62 . he laugh again and pull face at the crowd , which edge back further . Music change to kikuchiyo 's theme . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) do not be scared ! he laugh again and stride backwards and forward , camera pan with he so that be remain in the center of the shot . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) no bandit be come ! he laugh , swing round , and then beat the top of the clapper again . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) look , you idiot . we come all this way and then look at the welcome you give we ! yet when I knock on you alarm a few time ... he turn towards camera , squinting and mimick the hysterical villager in a high -pitch tone . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo prancing up and down , surround by villager . on the leave , the six samurai look down at he from the bank . kikuchiyo rush at the crowd and make a final gesture of disgust . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) .+- you all rush out scream for we to help you ! stupid ! High -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo with some villager behind he . he laugh derisively and bang the clapper again , then turn and look up towards the samurai . the villager look at one another uncomfortably . low -angle medium shot of the samurai look down at kikuchiyo with heihachi , gorobei and kambei in the foreground . they be all laugh . medium shot of kikuchiyo , in back view , prancing about proudly with villager face camera behind he . some of they look towards the right . High -angle medium shot of gisaku make he way through the crowd and look up towards the samurai , who be out of shot . Pan with he as he shuffles along , lean on a stick , until he reach kikuchiyo . kikuchiyo bend over he , watch in amazement by rikichi , who be behind they . 63 . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) have you any objection , old man ? gisaku no. everything 's all right . kikuchiyo nod emphatically and turn grin towards the other samurai . low -angle medium close - up of gorobei and heihachi , who burst out laugh . Pan slightly right as heihachi move forward to stand beside kambei , with katsushiro and shichiroji behind they . heihachi well , I guess we be really seven now . they all laugh . fade out . fade in on a high - angle long shot look down over the village with hill in the background . Music in . kambei appear in the foreground hold a map , and stand back to camera at katsushiro and gorobei join he . High -angle close - up of the map of the village . kambeil ( off ) well , if you be they , where would you attack ? gorobei 's hand come into shot and indicate the hill mark on the map . he withdraw he hand . gorobeil ( off ) I would come down from the hill . kambei 's hand come into shot and point at a road at the top of the plan . Close - up of kambei 's finger indicate the road . kambeil ( off ) I see . and you would probably take this road . his finger trace the road to the west . Long shot of a group of villager carry a huge tree trunk down a path towards camera . another group of man follow with a equally huge log . shichiroji be direct the operation . 64 . Pan slightly leave as the first group dump they log on the grass by the path and collapse exhaust on the ground . the second group come along behind and let go of they log . High -angle medium long shot of the man as the log hit the ground . shichiroji stand back to camera in the foreground , with the first group of man lie on the ground in front of he . the second group sink to the ground as well . shichiroji stride about among they , instruct they . shichiroji all right now , remember . a war be mostly run . we run whether we be defend or attack . if you can not run in a war then it 's already over . Close - up of the southern section of the map . Long shot of kambei , gorobei and katsushiro come towards camera through a field of ripening corn . a barn stand in the foreground to one side , and there be tree in the background silhouett against the sky . High -angle medium close - up of kambei and gorobei in back view with katsushiro just beyond they , in three - quarter front view , with the corn behind they . kambei wave he hand over the corn . kambel right after the harvest , we will flood this section . gorobeil I can se why , but will we have enough time , I wonder ? kambel I wonder . kambei turn to walk away . medium shot of kambei , continue he movement as he walk away , follow by gorobei and katsushiro . Pan slightly right as they go . Long shot of kyuzo training a group of farmer who be all armed with bamboo spear . mosuke stand in front of the other face kyuzo with he spear lower , ready to attack . kyuzo well , spear I . look , I be a bandit . 65 . as he speak , kambei , gorobei and katsushiro walk past . kambei and gorobei go off ; katsushiro , without stop , turn to watch . medium long shot of kambei and gorobei , follow by katsushiro , go round behind a fence . kambei and gorobei go off , as katsushiro turn back again to look at kyuzo . low -angle medium long shot of kyuzo , back to camera , with mosuke in front of he , spear lower . the other man be line up behind he , watch . mosuke make a awkward lunge at kyuzo , but the samurai send he fly . medium close - up of katsushiro watch admiringly . medium long shot of kyuzo with mosuke still lie on the grass at he foot . he toss the spear away and turn back to the line of man . kyuzo ( cont 'd ) all right . next . medium close - up of katsushiro . he stand look for a moment and then run off . High -angle bit close - up of the eastern section of the map . kambei 's hand come into shot and he point at a bridge . medium shot of kambei and gorobei look at the map with katsushiro behind they , look over kambei 's shoulder . they be stand on the bridge . kambeil if we destroy the bridge ... ( point ) ... we can defend this area a lot easier . kambei hand the plan to katsushiro and they walk towards camera , go off in the foreground . Long shot of a small group of house on the other side of a field , with the hill rise up behind they . the three samurai appear in the foreground and stand in back view , look towards the house . gorobeil but what about that house over there ? Pan leave as they walk across and stand look across the field to the mill . medium close - up of kambei and gorobei look at each other . 66 . kambeil they 'il have to be evacuate . they turn away and begin to walk back towards the bridge . gorobeil the mill too ? they both stop and look back in the direction of the mill . kambeil yes . they turn again and walk on . gorobeil that old man be stubborn , you know . kambei rub he head ruefully . gorobei walk off across the bridge follow by kambei . katsushiro follow they , back to camera . medium long shot of heihachi sit on the wooden railing of a veranda , under a thatched roof . in the foreground , a group of villager sit round look up at he . heihachi so you be afraid of the enemy . well , that 's only natural ... but remember , they be afraid of you too ! as he speak , kambei , gorobei and katsushiro pass along the street behind he . heihachi and he audience all laugh happily together . High -angle long shot of kambei , gorobei and katsushiro come round from behind a house towards camera , up a side street in the village . medium long shot of kikuchiyo , back to camera , stride along in front of a parade of farmer who be stand to attention hold bamboo spear . he look at each one in turn , then turn back towards camera , fold he arm and shamble forward . he squat on he haunch and scratch he leg . Music out . kikuchiyo oh , you be all splendid . stand there like a line of scarecrow . he stand up and yell at they . 67 . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) only , remember , this bandit be not crow - and they be not sparrow either . as he speak , kambei and the other two walk past behind the line of cower recruit . as kikuchiyo continue to speak , track round and back slightly until a large group of child be reveal watch avidly in the foreground . kikuchiyo and he line of recruit be now see from the side , over the head of the child . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) hey you , stop chew the cud . medium close - up of one of the farmer hold he spear . his jaw move regularly . he swallow , stop chew , and blink nervously . medium close - up of kikuchiyo . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) this be not a cow barn . he take a couple of step backwards and put he hand on he hip . he look at he recruit then suddenly draw he sword . Long shot of kikuchiyo continue he movement as he draw he sword . he be see over the head of the child who be watch , back to camera in the foreground . the line of recruit back away nervously as kikuchiyo wave he sword . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) you there . that 's right . you . step forward . medium shot of yohei stand hold he spear at the end of the line , next to three other farmer . he look towards kikuchiyo , who be out of shot . the other look at yohei . medium close - up of kikuchiyo point with he sword . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) I mean you ! medium shot of yohei . he step out sideways from the line , very uncertainly ; pan right with he . medium shot of kikuchiyo with he sword on he shoulder , and the scabbard in he other hand . he bring down he sword and let it hang in he hand , mimick yohei , shuffle towards camera , and droop at the knee with the other hand dangle . the child laugh , off . 68 . medium shot of the crowd of child laugh . Long shot of kikuchiyo shambling towards camera , see over the head of child . the line of farmer stand in the background with yohei in back view in front of they . the child continue to laugh . kikuchiyo go towards they , gesture . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) hey you ! I be go to start charge admission ! he put he sword back in its scabbard . yohei look nervously towards the child as kikuchiyo 's back be turn , but he turn away again quickly when kikuchiyo walk up to he . medium close - up of kikuchiyo come up and face yohei . the other man be see behind they . kikuchiyo take yohei 's spear and look at the spearhead . it be not bamboo , but a proper samurai spear . kikuchiyo give it back to yohei . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? yohei why , it 's a spear . kikuchiyo I know that , idiot . I be ask you where you get it . ( pause ) well , speak up . found it grow on a bush ? he walk away , then turn back to yohei , who look very unhappy . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) I know . you do not get spear like that unless you take they - from dead samurai . if you have this one then you must have other . ( shout at all of they ) where - be - they ? he stamp on the ground and shake he fist . High -angle medium long shot of kambei and gorobei , with katsushiro beside they , stand on a grassy bank by a stream . they be surround by tree and the ground rise slightly behind they . they be in the forest , on the lower slope of the hill round the village . 69 . High -angle big close - up of the northern section of the map , mark as forest . kambei 's hand indicate something on it . High -angle medium close - up of kambei and gorobei , in three - quarter back view , with katsushiro stand nearer camera with he back to they . the stream trickle by in the background . Sunshine stream through the branch and flower grow in profusion at they foot . kambeil it look so peaceful here , but it 's we weakest spot . kambei go off , follow by gorobei . katsushiro turn and look up the stream , back to camera . he begin to walk away . medium long shot of katsushiro on the other side of the stream , back to camera , run up to a small tree in blossom . he pick a sprig of blossom and look at be tenderly . then he run back towards camera , jump over the stream . Pan with he as he run through the tree and go out of sight . High -angle long shot of kambei and gorobei walk slowly along through the tree , accompany by katsushiro . the grassy forest floor be cover with flower . gorobei hold the map as he and kambei study the surround terrain . katsushiro do not seem to be take much notice of they . he run up the slope towards camera , still hold the sprig of blossom . the two older man stand below he in a pool of sunlight . kambei ( cont 'd ) ( Calling ) we be leave . katsushiro turn and look back . the two samurai begin to walk back the way they come , but katsushiro look up and then go down on one knee to smell the flower at he foot . the older man stop and watch he . medium shot of kambei and gorobei look up . they both smile . kambei ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) he 's still a child . medium shot of katsushiro walk through the tree with flower grow all round he , so that he be only visible above the waist . Pan leave with he as he climb the slope . medium long shot of katsushiro among the tree and flower . he gaze round and then go on up the hill . 70 . Long shot of katsushiro walk along the top of a steep slope surround by tree , with the stream in the foreground at the foot of the bank . katsushiro run down the bank to the edge of the stream . camera tilt down with he to reveal the stream more clearly ; he sit down beside it in a patch of sunlight , Music begin over - a quiet theme associate with katsushiro and the forest - as he start to lie back . High -angle close - up of katsushiro lie back on a carpet of small white flower . he look up and smile contentedly . low -angle medium long shot of the branch overhead , from katsushiro 's viewpoint . the afternoon sun shine through they and a breeze flutter the leave . Pan across the branch . high-angle close - up of katsushiro . he close he eye , with the sunlight on he face . a pause . suddenly , he sit up . medium shot continue the movement as katsushiro sit up and quickly turn round , get to he foot at the same time and beginning to scramble up the bank , look back over he shoulder . Long shot of the clear with the stream in the foreground . katsushiro can be see on one side of the stream as a figure appear run towards the stream on the other . medium shot of shino , back to camera , hold a large bunch of wild flower . she be dress as a boy , with she hair tie back in a short pigtail . she stand amid a carpet of flower , stare at katsushiro , who stand motionless half - way up the bank on the other side of the stream stare back at she . a pause . medium close - up of katsushiro on the bank . he put he sword , which he have draw , back into he belt . katsushiro who be you ? be you one of the villager ? medium close - up of shino . she shift from one foot to the other , then nod nervously . medium close - up of katsushiro . he go down the bank a little way ; tilt down with he . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) be you a girl ? medium close - up of shino . now very afraid , she shake she head vigorously . medium close - up of katsushiro . he look puzzle . 71 . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) if you be a boy , why be not you out drilling with the other ? pick flower ... medium shot of shino look nervously at she flower . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) ( off ) -+.at a time like this ! medium shot of katsushiro wave he sprig of blossom at she to emphasize he word . he suddenly realize what he be do and , embarrassed , toss away the blossom . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) just you come here ! he turn and go out of shot . medium shot of shino , in back view , hold she flower behind she back ; katsushiro , on the opposite bank , start to climb up , then stop to shout back at she . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) I ’1l1 make you march ! she do not move , and he start back down the bank towards she . she turn quickly and run off in the foreground . Long shot of the clear with the stream in the foreground . shino disappear through the tree , pursue by katsushiro . High -angle medium shot tracking with shino as she plunge through the undergrowth down a slope . hold as she duck round between two tree , run away as katsushiro come up behind she . High -angle medium long shot tracking with shino through the tree and undergrowth . katsushiro appear , run after she . track with they , then hold as shino trip and fall and katsushiro make a grab at she . medium shot of katsushiro and shino struggle in the undergrowth . High -angle medium shot of shino on the ground push at katsushiro , who be hold she down . he grab at she chest and she push he off , hold she robe closely across she chest . Pan right with he as he jump away in horror , look down at she . he realize she be a girl . medium close - up , pan leave with shino as she crawl away through the flower , adjust she robe . 72 . High -angle medium shot of shino , in three - quarter front view , hold she robe close across she breast . katsushiro kneel among the flower in the background , watch she anxiously . medium shot of katsushiro among the flower and undergrowth , look towards shino . High -angle medium close - up of shino hold she robe , surround by flower and see through twisted undergrowth . High -angle medium close - up of katsushiro stare towards she . he look away in embarrassment . Long shot of katsushiro and shino sit some yard apart , partly obscure by flower and undergrowth . High -angle medium shot of kambei face camera , with the other samurai ( except katsushiro and kikuchiyo ) group round he . they be in rikichi 's house , with the map spread out in front of they . kambeil now this place here would be all right . but so would this one . the question be , which ?... a strange noise , off . they all look towards the doorway . medium long shot of kikuchiyo , in complete samurai armor , lead a large group of farmer all armed with spear . they be run towards rikichi 's house , lead by yohei and manzo , who be carry between they a long pole sling with a heavy load . yohei and manzo come past camera in the foreground , reveling that the load consist of armor , helmet , bow and arrow and spear . kikuchiyo motion the other man to stop as yohei and manzo trot off , camera pan slightly with they . medium shot of yohei come towards camera , carry the end of the pole on he shoulder , with manzo behind . kikuchiyo come up behind they . they go into the outer room of rikichi 's house . kikuchiyo hang up he sword . kikuchiyo ( triumphantly ) look what I have find . just look what I have get ! kikuchiyo come over to yohei and pick up a complete suit of armor which be hang over the end of the pole . Pan with he as he go through the doorway into the main room . he squat down on he haunch and put the armor down on the floor . hold to include kambei , three - quarter back to camera , with gorobei behind he . they look surprised . 73 . kambeil what 's this ? kikuchiyo it 's samurai stuff . High -angle medium shot of kambei with gorobei , kyuzo , shichiroji and heihachi sit round behind he . kikuchiyo 's helmete head be visible in the foreground . they all stare at he in amazement . kambeil where do you find it ? medium close - up of kambei , in back view , with kikuchiyo , smirk , see over he shoulder . in the background , yohei look on anxiously . High -angle medium shot of the samurai . kambei ( cont 'd ) here in the village ? medium close - up of kambei and kikuchiyo . kikuchiyo at manzo 's house . medium shot of the samurai . they be all stare at kikuchiyo as they realize that the farmer must have kill samurai to obtain the weapon and armor . low -angle medium close - up of manzo , the pole on he shoulder , almost obscure by the load of weapon . he look frighten and shift uneasily . medium shot of the samurai . kambei fold he arm but say nothing . medium close - up of kikuchiyo . he look uncomfortable and throw the suit of armor forward in front of kambei . medium shot of the samurai face camera , with kikuchiyo in profile in the background . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) here , be not this nice ? look at that there . that 's a really fine helmet . he tap the helmet . the samurai sit silently , not look at the armor . 74 . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) well , what 's the matter ? we need it , do not we ? armor , spear , bow and arrow . that 's why I bring they . shichiroji suddenly stand up ; tilt up with he as he shout down at kikuchiyo . shichiroji shame ! and you call yourself a samurai ! Quick pan to the right and then to the leave as shichiroji run round the other and come into the foreground . kneel behind , kikuchiyo , kambei , kyuzo and heihachi can be see in the background , watch . shichiroji grab kikuchiyo 's shoulder and point at the armor . shichiroji ( cont 'd ) do not you know how they get this ? they be take from samurai ! kikuchiyo I know that . shichiroji shake he violently . shichiroji then how dare you ... kambeil ( intervening ) that 's enough now . shichiroji but ... kikuchiyo and shichiroji both turn towards he . kambeil ( to shichiroji ) I understand . but someone who have never be hunt down after the battle by bamboo spear would not understand . a pause , then shichiroji push kikuchiyo away roughly . tilt up as he stand up , in three - quarter back view . hold as he move away . in the foreground be the shaft of a samurai spear . shichiroji suddenly turn back and grab the spear , lowering it threateningly . 75 . medium close - up of manzo still hold the pole . he look terrify . fast pan as he shuffles backwards out of the way of the door . medium close - up of shichiroji hurl the spear towards camera . medium long shot of the group of farmer still stand outside rikichi 's house , on the other side of the small stream . rikichi be come towards the door as the spear fly through and land at he foot . he look through the door in some trepidation , then rush back to the man , shooing they away . they scatter quickly . medium shot of manzo and yohei crouching on the floor with the load of weapon in front of they . they look frighten and ashamed . a bundle of arrow rest against a wooden pillar between they . medium close - up of kikuchiyo bend forward and look up , he eyebrow bristle , with he back to the other samurai who be visible behind he . shichiroji also have he back to the other . heihachi stab at the floor with a knife . kyuzo I would like to kill every farmer in this village . kikuchiyo and kambei turn towards kyuzo , who be sit right at the back . they turn back without speak , a pause . suddenly kikuchiyo yell in fury and start to get up . Close - up of kikuchiyo continue he movement as he stand up and stare down at the other . he take a step forward . kikuchiyo ( laugh bitterly ) well , what do you think farmer be ? Saints ? he step back again . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) they be the most cun and untrustworthy animal on Earth . fast pan to the right , tilting down as kikuchiyo bend down and seize the suit of armor . fast pan back again as he hurl it away from he , High -angle medium close - up of the armor landing in the stream which run along under one wall of the house , which be raise on stilt above it . 76 . High -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo stare down at the other samurai . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) if you ask they for rice , they 's 1l say they have none . but they have . Pan slightly right at kikuchiyo stride forward again . hold on big close - up of he as he speak . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) they have everything . look in the rafter , dig in the ground . you 'il find it . Rice in jar . salt. bean . saké . he laugh mirthlessly , then walk away , point through the window . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) look in the mountain , hide farm everywhere . and yet they pretend to be oppress . Pan with kikuchiyo as he stride backwards and forward still harangue the samurai . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) they be full of lie . High -angle medium shot of the five samurai with kambei in the foreground , all stare up at kikuchiyo . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) ( off ) when they smell a battle , they make themselves bamboo spear . and then they hunt . but they hunt the wounded and the defeat . medium close - up of kikuchiyo . as he begin to speak again , camera pan slightly right with he , then hold as he come forward into close - up again . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) farmer be miserly , craven ... medium close - up of manzo and yohei listen , petrify . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) ..- mean , stupid ... Close - up of kikuchiyo shouting . 77 . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) ..- murderous ! you make I laugh so hard I be cry ! he turn he back to camera and walk away ; then he turn back to they again , he eye brim with tear . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) but then , who make animal out of they ? you ! he come forward into big close - up , yell at the other . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) you do - you samurai ! all of you damned samurai ! he turn away ; pan with he as he grab something and hurl it away from he . Quick medium shot of several arrow stick into wooden beam . medium close - up of kikuchiyo , pan with he as he bend down to pick up more arrow . closer medium shot of more arrow fly past and stick in the beam or fall to the floor . medium close - up of kikuchiyo stare down at the samurai again . Pan leave then right as he stride about , shouting at they again . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) and each time you fight you burn village , you destroy the field , you take away the food , you rape the woman and enslave the man . and you kill they when they resist . he come into close -up . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) you hear I - you damned samurai ?! tilt down as kikuchiyo suddenly sink to he knee , bend he head . he begin to sob uncontrollably . medium shot of the five samurai sit face camera , with kikuchiyo in the foreground , he head bow and he shoulder shaking with sob . a pause , then kambei unfold he arm and look down at the palm of he hand . 78 . Close - up of kambei , head bow , with heihachi and shichiroji visible behind he . they be all very move . kambei look up , tear in he eye . kikuchiyo can be hear sobbing quietly , off . kambeil ( quietly ) you be a farmer 's son , be not you ? High -angle close - up of kikuchiyo , he head bow and he face obscure by he helmet . he look up and then turn and get to he foot . hold on a medium close - up of he leg and foot at the doorway , dust blow about on the path outside . medium shot of kikuchiyo run out from the house . Pan slightly right with he , and hold as he stop and look up at rikichi and old gisaku who be come towards he , in the background . kikuchiyo pick up the spear which be still lie where it land earlier , and dash off , watch with some surprise by rikichi and gisaku . Pan with they as they shuffle towards the door of the house . medium shot of manzo and yohei , head bow , back to camera , sit against a wooden rail which be in the foreground . the outer room of the house be visible beyond they . rikichi and gisaku come in , pause to look down at the two farmer , who raise they head . then gisaku go through to the main room , lean on he stick , follow by rikichi . medium close - up of kambei , back to camera , with gisaku bend over and face he . rikichi can be see behind he , look back over he shoulder . gisaku be anything the matter ? kambel ( rubbing he head ) no , nothing . High -angle medium shot of the five samurai , with kambei in the foreground . some of they smile slightly . Long shot , look up the village street . Music in . Pan slightly leave as katsushiro come bound down the road towards camera then stop dead , look at something out of shot . Music out as he stop . Pan right with he as he tiptoe round until kikuchiyo be reveal in the foreground , sit on the ground look disgruntled . the wind be blow up the dust . kikuchiyo have he back to katsushiro and do not notice he as first . katsushiro grin to see kikuchiyo in he full samurai armor and come a few stope closer , study he interestedly . then kikuchiyo look up , see he and angrily push he away with the spear . 79 . katsushiro back away , puzzle . kikuchiyo get up ; circular pan right as he stump away from katsushiro , who remain in the foreground watch he . sound of child 's voice , off . hold as a group of child run towards kikuchiyo but stop in confusion as he turn and menace they with he spear . kikuchiyo walk off , watch by the child . katsushiro also look back over he shoulder , as he begin to walk towards camera . fade out . fade in to medium shot of gorobei at the door of rikichi 's house , see from the outside . he be kneel and look up . it be pour with rain . behind he in the house , kambei sit cross -legge on the floor , and heihachi be sewing in the background . medium close - up of gorobei with kambei and heihachi visible behind he . kikuchiyo can be see lie on he back beside heihachi . gorobeil it 's so quiet . kambeil ( look up ) be not it ? gorobeil on a day like this it do not seem possible that that mountain be full of bandit . kikuchiyo suddenly begin to move in the background . High -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo continue he movement as he roll over in a somersault . tilt up with he as he sit up on he haunch , revealing heihachi behind he , sewing away . kikuchiyo hey , there be woman in the village you know . heihachi look at he . medium close - up of kyuzo sit with he back against a wooden pillar . he look round rather disdainfully in the direction of kikuchiyo , then look away . suddenly , he start to rise . medium shot of the room , with rikichi sit on the floor in the background . in the foreground , continue he movement , kyuzo get to he foot , hold he sword . 80 . Pan right with he as he walk through the room to the door , lose the other and revealing shichiroji , mend a longbow , and katsushiro , lean up against the doorpost , look out . shichiroji where be you go ? kyuzo up towards the hill . shichiroji ( stand up in surprise ) the hill ? kyuzo to practise . he go out , watch by katsushiro and shichiroji . medium shot of kikuchiyo , kneel and scratch he knee , with heihachi beside he . kikuchiyo you will not find many woman in the hill . jump cut to close - up of katsushiro at the doorway . he look round guiltily , then down in embarrassment . medium shot of kikuchiyo and heihachi . heihachi laugh . heihachi sometimes you almost sound intelligent . kikuchio what be you make ? heihachi a banner . kikuchiyo a banner ? he pick up the free end of the banner and look at it . heihachi something to hold up , hoist high - you know . something to stir we fight spirit . he stand up ; tilt up with he and track back slightly to reveal the long narrow banner with circle and symbol on it . 81 . track back further to include rikichi in the foreground , then kambei , gorobei and shichiroji who gather round to examine the banner . heihachi have draw six circle , one triable , and at the bottom , the japanese character ' to . 's kikuchiyo ( point at it ) what 's that ? heihachi that ? you read it as ' farmer , 's but actually it mean this village . kikuchiyo oh ? and the circle ? heihachi that 's we . kikuchiyo but there 's only six . what about I ? heihachi you be so special that I make you a triangle . they all laugh at this , particularly shichiroji . kikuchiyo look bashful , and scratch he cheek . medium close - up of katsushiro at the doorway , smile at the other . he step forward , still look towards they , then discreetly back out and run out of the door into the pour rain . medium long shot of kyuzo in the forest with the rain pour down . a small stream run down towards camera . kyuzo stand at the edge of the stream shuffle he foot in the wet ground . then he suddenly lunge with he sword across the stream . he do it again . then , with sword erect , he abruptly cross the stream and stride off through the drip forest . medium shot of kyuzo with he sword in one hand come along a path towards camera . the trunk of a tree stand on one side in the foreground . he stop by the tree and stare towards camera . medium shot of kyuzo , back to camera , lean against the tree trunk . in the background , shino appear from out of a rough wooden hut ; she stand in the rain for a moment look up the track towards the village . 82 . medium shot of shino , in back view , stand outside the hut . Music in . she involuntarily put a hand up to she hair , then bend down , camera tilting down with she , and begin to comb she hair , look at she reflection in a puddle . medium shot of kyuzo by the tree trunk , watch closely . medium shot of shino crouching down , tidy she hair . she look round and then start to straighten up . medium shot of kyuzo by the tree trunk , watch with interest . he put he sword back in its scabbard , move further behind the trunk and look round , but keep almost out of sight . Pan slightly right with he . medium long shot of shino at the entrance to the hut . in the distance , katsushiro be splash along the muddy track from the village . he pause as he reach shino , then duck down to go into the hut . medium shot of katsushiro , back to camera , continue he movement as he duck under the low entrance to the hut , with shino beside he . she go in and they face one another just inside . he hold out a carefully wrap parcel and she smile happily . katsushiro ( in a low tone ) it 's rice . go ahead , eat . shino but - katsushiro look , I taste that millet you all eat . it 's terrible . go on , take it . he give it to she . tilt down with they as shino kneel down and katsushiro squat beside she . she hold the rice as if it be something very precious . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) if you do not want to eat in front of I , I will go and come back later . he get up and go outside the hut ; tilt up and pan leave with he . she get up too and stand on the threshold . katsushiro turn towards she . shino I will not eat it . katsushiro why not ? 83. he turn right round , back to camera . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) I bring it specially for you . shino it be very nice of you . it 's not that . i’1l take it over to kyumon 's grandmother . katsushiro kyumon 's grandmother ? shino yes . medium shot of kyuzo by the tree , watch . medium shot of kyuzo , back to camera , look up the track to the hut . katsushiro come out , follow by shino . they walk away back towards the village , and he take she arm as she slip in one of the puddle . kyuzo leave he hide - place and start to follow they . wipe to medium shot of all the samurai and rikichi seat round a low table have dinner . it be evening . a cauldron of rice hang from a hook in the roof and rikichi sit by it serve the samurai . gorobei pass he bowl to rikichi for some rice . rikichi be about to serve katsushiro as well when katsushiro interrupt . katsushiro rikichi , I be not hungry now . I will eat later . kyuzo go ahead , eat . I will keep something back from my portion this time . katsushiro look embarrassed . kambeil what 's this ? it sound interesting . kikuchio ( eat ) what do ? wipe to medium close - up of a old woman , kyumon 's grandmother , bend forward with she palm press together , a bowl of rice in front of she . rain can be see pour down past a open at the back of the hut . 84 . medium shot of the old woman in the foreground , back to camera , with the samurai group together in front of she , katsushiro stand in front with rikichi and kambei beside he , the other in the background . they be all look down compassionately . by contrast , kikuchiyo stand with he back to the other . kambeil but this be terrible . ( turn to rikichti ) have not she any relative ? rikichi no , the bandit kill they all . kambeil I see . Close - up of the old woman , she head bow . she look up and speak in a quavering voice . old woman I want to die . High -angle medium close - up of kambei and gorobei look down , with kikuchiyo pace about bad - temperedly behind they . old woman ( cont 'd ) ( off ) I do not want to live anymore . low -angle medium close - up of heihachi beside a beam , with shichiroji and kyuzo behind he . they look down , listen sympathetically . old woman ( cont 'd ) ( off ) but I be afraid ... Close - up of katsushiro and rikichi , in three - quarter front view , look down . old woman ( cont 'd ) ( off ) ... the next world will be ... Close - up of heihachi look very upset . old woman ( cont 'd ) ( off ) +.. terrible too ... heihachi lean forward . 85 . medium shot with the old woman look back to camera in the foreground , and heihachi on he knee lean towards she , the other samurai behind he . heihachi ( try to comfort she ) no , no . it 's paradise , no bandit or anything . it 's very nice . kikuchiyo ( push through from the back ) how do you know ? ever be dead ? medium shot of heihachi , only head and shoulder in frame , look up at kikuchiyo who bend over he glaring , stand next to kambei . heihachi you need not shout at I . kikuchiyo I hate misery . and I hate miserable people . as he speak , shichiroji get up behind they , and kyuzo also come forward . kikuchiyo stump out of shot . the other watch he go . medium shot of kikuchiyo pace about petulantly , arm fold , in the rough hovel . the roof leak and rain drip through . the other samurai stand together on the leave look at he , back to camera . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) look at a worm like she I get sick . wretched , helpless . I never want to be like that . he toss a bunch of straw onto the ground . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) I want to be reckless , dare ... kambeil ( stepping forward ) then you just keep feel like that until the bandit come . kikuchiyo fold he arm petulantly as kyuzo rush out in the background . low -angle medium shot of kyuzo come out through the low doorway of the hovel . 86 . Pan and track slightly to the right as he come forward and stand in the foreground in the rain , arm fold . katsushiro appear at the entrance behind he , Pan slightly right as he hesitates , then come forward beside kyuzo . katsushiro ( stutter ) wait ...you ... you see I today do not you ? I mean , with ... kyuzo with the girl ? katsushiro yes ... well - why do not you say something ? kyuzo what do you want I to say ? kyuzo stride off , leave katsushiro with he head bent with relief . then he look round after kyuzo . fade out . fade in on high - angle medium shot of ripening corn fill the whole frame , rippling in the breeze . Music in . medium shot of the outer room of rikichi 's house . a crowd of child be press up against the bamboo wall outside and round the door , stare in . child ( shout and clamoring ) we want rice , give we some rice ! suddenly , they all run away . kikuchiyo run across the room and out through the door . High -angle medium long shot of kikuchiyo come through the door , with the child scatter in front of he . he stand glaring at they , hand on hip . they all stop and turn to look back at he . kikuchiyo ( shout ) shut up , you brat . we have not get any . a pause , then heihachi appear at the door carry bowl of rice , follow by katsushiro , kyuzo and shichiroji , all carry bowl . all the child rush towards they , laugh and shouting . 87 . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) ( grinning broadly ) do not shout so much ! it you feel that good , then why all this ' give we rice '' business ? he imitate they . medium shot of hold a bowl of rice out of reach of several child who be crowd round he . in the background , the other samurai listen , smile . kikuchiyo hold up the bowl of rice and lecture the child in mock - seriousness . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) now , you look here , this be all we can give you . if we give you any more , we will look like this . he suck in he cheek and squint . the child laugh . High -angle medium shot of the child look up at kikuchiyo , who stand over they in the foreground , back to camera , only he head and shoulder in shot . they be all laugh at he . medium shot of kikuchiyo make face , with the child , in back view , surround he and laugh . the four other samurai stand behind kikuchiyo laugh with they . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) so , you understand now , do not you ? he bend down . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) ( wickedly ) hey , have not any of you kid get a pretty sister ? huh ? the child giggle and the other samurai look at he with mock disapproval . heihachi make a face and raise a hand to give kikuchiyo a friendly shove . medium close - up of kikuchiyo and heihachi in profile , continue the movement . the child laugh as kikuchiyo nudge heihachi back , and then bend down to a small boy near he . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) come on , have not you ? the child giggle . 88. Close - up of gisaku in the mill with a woman behind he look worried . they both look towards something off-screen . the woman put a hand on the old man 's shoulder with a cry of distress . medium close - up of mosuke with gorobei just in shot beside he . he look at gorobei fearfully . other farmer be gather behind he , open-mouthed with amazement . mosuke you mean I have to leave my place ? Close - up of gisaku , with he son and he son 's wife just behind he , frown worriedly . the son stand up but he wife pull he down , look away nervously . medium shot of gisaku sit in the middle of the room with kambei , he son and he wife behind he and gorobei and manzo beside he . kambei be hold a small child in he arm . tilt up with he as he stand up , still hold the child . he pace backwards and forward in the foreground , back to camera . the waterwheel make its regular noise throughout the scene , emphasize the pause . kambeil I know how you feel , but you have to . we can not defend this outly farm . kambei continue to pace about . suddenly the wife burst into tear . High -angle medium shot of some village man all armed with bamboo spear , sit on the ground in a circle , with gorobei , kikuchiyo , heihachi , kyuzo and shichiroji stand in the middle , look at they . circular track over the head of the villager , revealing kambei and katsushiro stand behind gorobei as he lecture the villager . gorobeil now , remember . soon the barley will be ready for harvest . the bandit will come right after that . so , let 's be prepare for it . from the very beginning we be go to work in formation . we be go to harvest together and no on be go to go off and work by himself . from tomorrow on , we be go to camp together , unit by unit . so , remember , from tomorrow on , no one be go to do anything by himself . 89 . the circular track continue as gorobei step aside and kikuchiyo address the man . kikuchiyo so you just be sure you get all the individual action you need from you wife tonight , eh ? all the villager laugh . medium close - up of yohei look up and laugh . two girl and three old woman stand behind he roaring with laughter , Close - up of the toothless old woman , rock with laughter . High -angle medium shot of a group of villager laugh with heihachi in three - quarter back view in the foreground . he slap one of the man good - naturedly on the shoulder . High -angle medium shot of shichiroji , with another group of villager sit behind he , they be all laugh . High -angle medium shot of three old woman , laugh coarsely , one of they clap she hand with delight . medium shot of kambei and katsushiro , with gorobei near they in the foreground , all laugh . gorobei turn to look at kambeil . High -angle medium long shot of the circle of villager with the samurai stand in the middle . in the foreground , back to camera , several child look down on the scene , perch on or lean against a fence . High -angle medium shot of mosuke suddenly stand up amid the villager , with kambei , gorobei and katsushiro in the foreground , back to camera . mosuke throw down he spear angrily and the laughter suddenly tail off . Pan leave with mosuke as he walk through to the edge of the circle . mosuke everyone who life beyond the bridge , come here . he run away into the middle of the village square ; pan with he , lose the crowd of villager . four or five other man , some carry spear , come into shot follow he . he stop , and turn to they . mosuke ( cont 'd ) now throw down you spear . it 's useless to carry a spear to protect someone else 's home when you can not protect you own . 90 . the man drop they spear . mosuke ( cont 'd ) come on . he run off , follow by the five other . shot of mosuke , back to camera , run away with he five follower . camera track after they a little way . kambel ( off ) wait ! they all stop in they track and turn towards camera . medium shot of kambei , back to camera , with mosuke and the other man face he in the background . kambei point to the ground behind he . kambei ( cont 'd ) you , pick up you spear and return to you unit . he put he hand to the hilt of he sword . medium shot of kambei continue he movement as he draw he sword , watch it threateningly . the samurai theme come in , loud . the other farmer and samurai rush round and start form a line in the background . High -angle medium shot of mosuke and he five neighbor back away nervously . track forward with they and then round as they dodge past kambei and run across the open space . circular pan with they as they mount a bank , run towards the other villager , who be watch behind the other samurai in the background . kambei appear in the back view in the foreground , chase they . Pan further to the leave as he go and stand over they ; they shamefacedly pick up they spear and move off to join the other , prodd and push by kikuchiyo . kambei walk round and then across the square , look sternly at the parade of farmer . then he gesture with he sword . at this , the other samurai draw they sword and shout order , and the village man rush across the square to form up in battle unit . Pan right along the top of the bank in the foreground as they rush round nearer camera to form up in front of kambei , who be now stand in the background . there be general confusion . kikuchiyo ( off ) where 's that fool yohei ? 91 . hold on the end of the line nearest camera where shichiroji 's unit be form up . yohei shamble up behind they , confuse and lose . kikuchiyo run along in front of the man , grab yohei and drag he off to he own unit , camera pan leave to show kikuchiyo manhandle yohei into he proper place , and revealing the whole parade from behind . medium shot of kambei still hold he draw sword with katsushiro stand beside he . kambei step forward , camera pan right with he , lose katsushiro and revealing gorobei . Pan back with kambei , lose gorobei and pick up katsushiro again . kambei eye the farmer , who be out of shot . kambeil ( sternly ) there be only three house beyond the bridge and there be twenty in the village . we can not endanger twenty because of three . Pan leave with kambei as he speak , lose katsushiro and include gorobei . kambei ( cont 'd ) and if the village be destroy , that three will not be safe anyway . Pan back as he go back to stand by katsushiro . hold as he shout . kambei ( cont 'd ) War be like that . if the defence be for everyone , each individual will be protect . the man who think only of himself , destroy himself . from now on , such desertion will be punish . he raise he sword and , run it between he finger , replace it in he sheath . he start to walk forward . High -angle long shot , look along the parade of farmer hold they spear erect , with the samurai captain each stand in front of they unit . kambei stand face they , then walk towards they , pass through the man and go on out of shot . no one else move . the wind rise and blow the dust about in the open space . in the foreground , kikuchiyo go up to one of he man and fussily straighten he spear . then he turn away and lean on he sword with he back to he unit . Music out . fade out . 92 . fade in on low - angle medium close - up of corn be harvest by a man , he body half out of shot . Festival music in . medium close - up of a woman harvest corn . medium close - up of the man 's hand gather corn . medium close - up of the man , clad only in a loin cloth , harvest corn . medium close - up of the woman cut corn . medium close - up of the man harvest . medium long shot of four woman in single file , three of they carry sheave of corn on they back , and one of they carry a yoke with bundle of corn hang from each end . they trot in single file round the edge of the field that have already be harvest , come towards camera along a grassy bank . Pan slightly leave to reveal kikuchiyo , in low angle , on the edge of the next field . yelling joyfully , he run after the woman as they go off in the foreground . low -angle medium close - up of one of the woman from the side , carry a sheaf of corn on she back . she pass camera , go out of shot , follow by the other three woman . Pan slightly leave as they pass . Close - up of kikuchiyo watch they , lick he lip . he come towards camera with a surprised expression . medium long shot of woman and girl work in the field , partly obscure by corn in the foreground . Close - up of kikuchiyo . he turn away from camera , revealing the sword which he be carry as usual over he shoulder . medium shot of three woman gather up the harvest corn . in the background , other can be see cut more corn , Close - up of kikuchiyo , back to camera , scratch he neck . he turn round . medium long shot tracking leave with girl run along , carry yoke with sheave of corn at each end , partly obscure by the uncut corn in the foreground . Close - up of kikuchiyo , greatly excited by the number of woman work in the field . kikuchiyo now who would have think that this village hold so many pretty girl ! 93 . he give a delighted whoop and leap away . Long shot look over the field with hill in the background , and wave corn in the foreground . kikuchiyo run towards camera just as yohei stand up from behind the corn in the foreground . he look round at kikuchiyo , who come and tap he on the shoulder . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) ( gesture round ) yohei , where have you be keep this girl so long ? yohei look round and chuckle . kikuchiyo push he good - naturedly . he look up , laugh wildly and , elbow yohei out of the way , run out of shot . low -angle medium shot of a girl , with she backside prominently face camera , as she bend down cut corn . kikuchiyo run towards she from the background . tilt up slightly as he come up and stand beside the girl , look down at she , with the hill and sky behind they . he giggle maniacally . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) ( to the girl ) give I you sickle for a minute . he hand she he sword to hold . kikuchio I nil cut three time as much as you can . you see , I be friendly . Pan slightly leave as the girl back away from he in alarm ; he step closer and bend down , stare into she face . then he playfully slap she thigh and leap off , giggle . High -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo bound up with a sickle and set to work on the corn , three - quarter back to camera , giggle and chatter all the time . medium shot of the girl hold he sword and look at it very nervously . in the background , two man stop work to watch . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo cut the corn . he look back at the girl , leap up in the air , and then carry on . medium shot , pan with kambei and gorobei as they walk along by one of the field . woman , carry sheave of corn , pass in the foreground . 94 . medium shot of katsushiro stand watch the work , three - quarter back to camera with he hand on he hip . heihachi be stand on a rock , just beyond he . rikichi be work in the corn at he foot . heihacht rikichi . rikichi stop and stand up . heihachi crouch on he haunch on the rock . heihachi ( cont ’d ) I see that marry couple work a lot better than anyone else . ( grinning ) you ought to get marry . rikichi turn away , suddenly angry . Music out . he walk towards camera and stand in the foreground with the other two behind he . heihachi ( cont ’d ) look , that be a joke . what be there to get angry about ? rikichi turn and run off . surprise , heihachi turn to katsushiro . heihachi ( cont ’d ) you go after he . katsushiro run off after rikichi . heihachi ( cont ’d ) why do he run away like that ? he 's suppose to be work . medium long shot of the field with a small barn in the foreground . rikichi run past , go off in the foreground . katsushiro follow he . shino , who have be work at the edge of the field near the barn , stand up . shino ( Calling ) rikichi ! medium close - up of shino . manzo stand up in the corn behind she . manzo shino , stop dream ! 95 . medium shot of manzo . shichiroji appear in the foreground as he stand up , back to camera . manzo get back to work . shichiroji turn back towards camera , look stern . medium close - up of shino , look back towards shichiroji who stand in the background look at she . she step back and quickly get on with she work . shichiroji look round thoughtfully . wipe to medium shot of some of the samurai make they way through dense undergrowth of cut bamboo cane , which partly obscure they from view . medium shot of katsushiro and kikuchiyo , kyuzo behind they and heihachi and shichiroji follow , make they way into a area of bamboo cane that be cut and trample . kikuchio ( to katsushiro ) what do this ? a bear ? kyuzo , heihachi and shichiroji come up and join they . kyuzo it 's be sickle . heihacht rikichi ? medium shot of katsushiro face camera with the other face he in back view . katsushiro I do not see he do it . I be look for he , then he come out from there . he be all sweaty . heihachi I see . they all look in amazement at the chaos of bamboo . kikuchiyo turn towards camera in the foreground . heihachi come up to he . kikuchiyo what do you say in the first place ? heihachi nothing , only that he ought to get marry . 96 . kikuchiyo something 's the matter with he . you can tell that just to look at he . heihachi his lip be set tight . just like this . like a lock door . kikuchiyo ( with a gesture ) why do not you try to open it ? wipe to a high - angle medium long shot of rikichi crouching down , back to camera , beside a blaze fire . it be night . he be hold a spear . suddenly he jump to he foot . rikichi who go there ? heihachi ( off ) it 's I . rikichi turn towards camera . low -angle medium shot of rikichi , back to camera , and heihachi approach on the other side of the fire . house can be see dimly in the background . heihachi come and stand near rikichi who turn slightly , and they face one another across the fire . rikichi yes , sir ? heihachi come towards camera and sit down . heihachi ( beckone to rikicht ) sit down . let 's talk for awhile . samurai theme in , very quietly . medium close - up of rikichi and heihachi sit down . heihachi look at rikichi sympathetically . heihachi ( cont 'd ) talk be a good thing , you know . if you talk about something that 's worry you , it often go away . incidentally , you be a man of few word . if you have get anything bottled up , well , now be a good time to say it . 97 . rikichi ( not look at heihacht ) I do not have anything bottled up . heihachi sigh and fiddle with a bit of string . low -angle medium shot of katsushiro nearest camera , kambei in the center and gorobei beside he , lie asleep with they head on head-rest . kambei open he eye and then sit up , push back he blanket . he put on he jerkin and turn to gorobei . kambeil well , shall we go out ? gorobei sit up and pick up he sword . gorobeil ( look towards katsushiro ) shall we wake he ? kambel no , let the child sleep . they get up and go out . hold on katsushiro , still asleep . he stir . medium shot of kambei and gorobei walk trough the anteroom . katsushiro ( off , mumble ) shino ! they turn and stop at the sound . gorobeil he just say ' shino . 's kambeil shino . that 's a girl 's name . Pan slightly right as they walk on towards the door . gorobeil ( look back and grin ) indeed . that 's not a very childish remark for a sleep child to make , be it ? they make they way out through the sacking that cover the doorway . 98 . medium shot , pan with kambei and gorobei as they come out of the house . Pan continue right till they stop by the small bridge across the stream . kambei turn to gorobei . gorobei ( cont 'd ) where shall we start ? kambeil at we weakest point ? they both laugh and start towards the east border . Pan further as they walk away , back to camera , and then along the village street . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo lie on the ground , he head propped up against a log and he foot rest on another log . he be suppose to be on guard , but be sound asleep . a fire blaze behind he . his sword be stick upright in a pile of log beside the fire . track back and tilt up to reveal kambei and gorobei come along the dark street towards he . medium shot of kambei and gorobei stop . kikuchiyo 's sword stick up in the foreground . they come forward as soft snore can be hear , off . kambei pick up the sword and walk away , follow by gorobei . low -angle medium close - up of a small straw hut . kambei appear look over he shoulder . Pan slightly leave as he hide behind the straw hut , follow by gorobei . they stand look back towards kikuchiyo , then gorobei look at kambei , and pick up a stone and throw it . High -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo lie with the fire in the background . he wake with a start at the sound of the stone fall into a stream . tilt up with he as he half crawl , half run backwards past the fire to the log pile where he sword have be . kikuchiyo who 's there ? he feel for he sword behind he . realizing it have go he circle round , and then grab a log from the pile . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) who be it ? come out . the two other appear behind he . kambeil kikuchiyo . kikuchiyo leap round and face they . 99 . kambei ( cont 'd ) you be very lucky it be only we . if it have be the bandit ... he throw the sword back to kikuchiyo . kambei ( cont 'd ) .+.- you probably would not be wear you head anymore . they walk away into the darkness . kikuchiyo be so ashamed , he cannot answer , and sink down onto he knee by the fire . fade out . Music in ; fade in to a medium shot tracking with a horse which be pull a plough guide by yohei . in the foreground , man , woman and child be watch . the horse be be lead by a woman , and kikuchiyo be walk along beside they , urging they on with shout . hold as they reach the end of the furrow and the woman begin to lead the horse round . low -angle medium shot of the horse pass in the foreground , as the woman lead it round to the next furrow revealing kikuchiyo and yohei behind it , with the crowd of villager and some of the samurai watch in the background . kikuchio yohei . in the background , heihachi stand up . yohei yes , sir . kikuchio what be that ? he point at the emaciate horse . low -angle close - up of yohei . yohei it 's my horse . Close - up of kikuchiyo . kikuchiyo ( sarcastically ) horse ? I think it be a big mouse . he turn away . 100 . medium shot of yohei hold the plough , three - quarter back to camera in the foreground , and kikuchiyo stand by the horse ; he smack its rump . shichiroji , kyuzo , heihachi and some of the villager stand watch in the background , laugh . wipe to medium shot of shichiroji , heihachi , kyuzo and katsushiro , back to camera , walk towards a field where villager be work . low -angle medium shot of gorobei and kambei , silhouett against the sky . they look round as two villager carry a basket sling from a pole pass behind they . Pan leave as they walk along through a field . they walk behind a man wear only loin cloth , who be digging a trench . other man be reveal work on the same job . kambei and gorobei inspect the work . hold as kambei crouch down beside one of the trenches and put he stick into it to measure the depth . Men behind they be digging other trenches while woman carry away the earth in basket . dissolve to high - angle medium shot of water run through a narrow channel into a large pool . tilt up to reveal it as a flood field surround by barricade of bamboo stake . dissolve to medium shot of child run along past a house . Pan right with they as they run , sing , and climb over a low wall towards some man building a high barricade . medium shot of the child reach the barricade and climb up it . Pan slightly right and tilt up with they . dissolve to medium shot of yohei , manzo , mosuke and rikichi thresh corn with hand - thresher . they circle round , thresh rhythmically as they talk . yohei no bandit seem to be come . mosuke that 's right . yohei and we go to all the trouble of hire that greedy samurai . and now we have to feed they . what a waste ! Music out . dissolve to long shot of a crowd of villager roaring with laughter , as they stand on the bridge . the river run down into the foreground . Pan leave across the bridge to where yohei 's horse be stand on the opposite bank . 101 . yohei stand by its tail , and kikuchiyo at its head . the wood hill rise up behind . hold as kikuchiyo argue with heihachi , who be stand nearby with kyuzo . kikuchiyo prepare to leap onto the horse 's bare back . medium shot with yohei , back to camera , in the foreground , and the horse in front of he . kikuchiyo jump onto the horse , watch by heihachi and kyuzo . he gather in the rein and the horse circle round . heihachi now what do you want to do that for ? you will tire it out . get off . you will cripple it and that will make yohei cry . kikuchiyo you just do not know how good I be . if the rider be good enough , even the worst horse will run well , and fly right in the sky . kikuchiyo ride off through the stubble field . Music in : kikuchiyo 's theme . he be watch by yohei , heihachi and kyuzo all in back view . Long shot pan right with kikuchiyo on the horse as it gallop through the field . medium shot of yohei , heihachi and kyuzo , watch kikuchiyo who be off-screen . in the background , the crowd of villager be watch . heihachi he seem to be do all right . Long shot tracking right with kikuchiyo as he gallop along the riverbank with the field in the foreground . he go out of sight behind a tall fence and a house . the track continue past the house and along a second fence , pick up the horse as it trot out from behind the fence , riderless and toss its head . medium shot of yohei , heihachi and kyuzo look towards the horse in amazement with the villager behind they . heihachi and kyuzo burst out laugh . Long shot focus on the high fence on the riverbank . kikuchiyo appear from behind it and limp along the path . track right with he . medium shot . everyone be roaring with laughter and point . 102 . Long shot of kikuchiyo on the riverbank , tracking with he as he limp and stumble along . he pick up a stone and hurl it off - screen after the horse , then stagger on . track with he until he catch up with the horse , which stand on the riverbank toss its head and wave its tail . track further as he try to catch it ; it trot on , just out of reach . he throw another stone at its rump but it trot away unconcern , wave its tail . medium shot of a crowd of villager on the riverbank , laugh and point , and clap they hand with delight . one of they slip into the water , still laugh . High -angle medium shot of another group of villager crowded together , roaring with laughter . Music out , as camera tilt up slightly over they head to reveal kambei and gorobei approach in the background . medium shot of kambei and gorobei in the road , smile as they look towards the scene . they stop . the laughter and shouting continue , off , during they conversation . gorobeil they be happy . kambeil yes . gorobeil the thresh be all do . the bandit have not come . they be beginning to think they have go away . kambeil yes . but when everything seem so peaceful , that 's the most dangerous time of all . gorobeil right . kambeil tell they to return to they post . gorobei go off . medium long shot , through twist branch , pan leave with katsushiro and shino as they run up a slope in the forest , laugh happily . a bird sing , off . shino stop , and katsushiro stop also and look back at she . she sit down among the flower and he come back and sit down next to she . Music in . 103 . medium close - up of shino sit up , and katsushiro nearest camera , lie back among the flower . shino look down at he , then look away , absently finger a flower . shino I wish I have be bear into a samurai family . katsushiro I know . a farmer 's life be very hard . I have be lucky . shino I mean ... you be a real samurai and I be just a farmer 's daughter , so ... katsushiro start to sit up . Close - up of shino , in back view , and katsushiro also in back view , continue he movement as he sit up beside she . they look at each other , they face very close . katsushiro no ... shino do not think about it . very big close - up of shino face camera , with the back of katsushiro 's head half in frame , in soft focus in the foreground . shino ( cont 'd ) I do not care about what happen . she move she face towards he as if for a kiss , and katsushiro 's head move leave across frame completely mask she for a moment ; then she be reveal again on the right , she eye stare at he searchingly . she move she head away . jump cut to high - angle medium shot of katsushiro and shino , continue she movement as she lie back suggestively among the flower . he look down at she . she breathes very deeply and she leg be splay apart . her breathe come out in gasp sob and then turn into near-hysterical laughter . Close - up of katsushiro look down at she , startle . she continue to laugh , off . High -angle close up of shino , she head surround by flower . her laughter turn into sob and she suddenly cover she face with both hand . 104 . shino ( cont 'd ) you ... you be not a real samurai . not a real samurai . Close - up of katsushiro stare down at she in amazement . suddenly a horse neigh in the distance , off . he raise he eye fearfully . shino 's sobbing continue , off . the horse neigh again . High -angle close - up of shino , she face cover with she hand . Music out . she lower she hand over she mouth and she eye stare up in terror . she begin to sit up . High -angle long shot through the tree and undergrowth continue shino 's movement as she sit up . then she and katsushiro both stand up . she hold onto he arm . katsushiro begin to climb the slope follow by shino , and they go off on the leave . General shot of a clear in the forest with the ground dapple with sunlight filter through the leave . in the background , shino and katsushiro appear through the undergrowth , then stop . sinister drumbeat in . tilt down to reveal three horse all saddle , stand below a tree in a small hollow . medium close - up of katsushiro with shino look over he shoulder . he move forward slightly , parting the undergrowth in front of he , and stare down . they look at each other , then he push shino and they run back the way they come . drumbeat out . medium shot of the outer room of rikichi 's house . shichiroji come in through the low entrance . Pan leave with he as he walk towards the main room and bow at the entrance , then hold as kambei and gorobei be reveal sit on the floor . kambei stand up and walk over to shichiroji , camera pan slightly right with he . shichiroji I see three man near the west road . gorobei come up , listen . kambel I see . have anyone else see they ? he look at gorobei . shichiroji no . they hear a noise and look towards the entrance . 105 . medium shot of the outer room . katsushiro run through to the three other man , camera pan leave with he . katsushiro ( breathlessly ) I see three horse on the back hill . I think they belong to the bandit . kambeil ( put he sword into he scabbard ) I know . katsushiro look up at they incredulously , then they all turn again towards the entrance . medium shot of the outer room . kyuzo come in ; pan leave with he as he come up to join the group . kyuzo so , they finally come , do they ? kambeil how do you know ? kyuzo ( stand back to camera , back to the other four ) anyone would . all this run around . they all look towards the entrance again . medium shot . heihachi and rikichi run through the door ; pan leave with they as they go through to the other . heihachi ( to kambeti ) where do they come from ? the hill , or from the west ? kambeil the west . heihachi I see . the six samurai and rikichi stand together for a moment , weigh up the situation . katsushiro look very alarmed . kambei , back to camera , give he a friendly pat on the shoulder and then make for the door , follow by shichiroji . 106 . High -angle medium shot outside the house as kambei and shichiroji run out , quickly follow by the other . medium shot of two child play on the ground near a house . in the background , the samurai run down into the village square . a woman come into shot in the foreground and hustle the child away . medium shot of kambei , in the foreground , with the other behind he . they all stop to look at something off-screen . Quick shot of several woman gather together outside a house . woman ( in a hushed voice ) the bandit be come ! medium shot . the samurai look round , frown worriedly . medium shot of several villager run around outside they house , excited and frighten , as the news be pass around . medium shot . everyone look around . kambei turn to rikichi . kambeil tell they to keep quiet . there be only three bandit . make they go to they house . keep they quiet . rikichi yes , sir . rikichi run off . kambeil ( turn to the other ) that three would be scout . they must not know that there be samurai here . shichiroji nod and rush off , follow by kambei and the other . semicircular pan right as they run away from camera . medium shot of a group of woman and child scream at each other hysterically , in complete confusion . rikichi come up , try to calm they down . he manage to get they to disperse ; then turn round , camera pan right with he as he run across to another group of villager include several man . he explain the situation to they and push they off to they house , then run off again , camera pan right with he as he go over to another group , who gather round he for reassurance . Pan further as the villager scatter , gather they child and go to they home . 107 . rikichi turn round the square and camera pan with he , pick up kikuchiyo who be lead along the horse with yohei and a group of child . hold as he call out to rikichi . kikuchio what 's happen ? bandit ? he clap he hand in delight as rikichi nod . kikuchiyo oh , they have finally come , have they ? yohei hand he he sword , and he hand the horse 's rein to rikichi , look pleased . medium shot of the wall of a house near the western barricade , with a straw fence in the foreground . behind the fence , some of the samurai can be see creep past very quietly , camera tracking leave with they . hold at the end of the fence as shichiroji appear , drop down onto all four . the other samurai quickly go into the house , camera pan right with they as they disappear inside . medium shot of the family inside the house . hear the door open they all look up . tilt up as they all leap to they foot and kambei appear in the foreground , back to camera . the family rush back and cower together against the far wall . kambeil keep quiet . medium shot of a window with kambei go towards it in back view follow by gorobei and the other samurai . they crowd together , look through the window . shichiroji lean over kambei 's shoulder . gorobeil where ? shichiroji by that big tree . suddenly , they all duck down below the level of the window ledge . medium close - up of the window bar in the foreground with pot and bowl on the window ledge . outside can be see the big western barricade with a hill rise up beyond it and three figure make they way downward . medium shot of part of the barricade with the three bandit just visible on the other side , look through . 108 . medium shot of the six samurai , bend down and look through the window . kambei kneel down and turn back to the other . outside , the three bandit can be see run along beyond the barricade . kambeil they be scout , all right . gorobeil look like they be surprised to see we fence . kambeil at any rate , they still do not know about we . gorobeil they think they have only get farmer to contend with , then . just then , the voice of kikuchiyo be head shouting loudly . kikuchiyo ( off ) hey , where do you all get to ? heihachi oh , the idiot ! heihachi get up quickly ; pan leave , lose the other except katsushiro , as heihachi go over to a side window and look through it . heihachi ( cont 'd ) ( in a low voice ) kikuchiyo ! kikuchiyo can be see stand outside the window . heihachi beckon to he then hurry off , as kikuchiyo , grin , come up to the window , watch by katsushiro . kikuchiyo look through the window , giggle . medium shot of kikuchiyo outside the house , by the doorway . kikuchiyo oh , there you be ! hey , what 's this about the bandit finally come here ? have they arrive at last ? heihachi 's hand appear through the doorway . one clamp over kikuchiyo 's mouth and the other drag he out of sight by the shoulder . 109 . medium close - up continue heihachi 's movement as he drag kikuchiyo into the house . in the background , the other samurai look at he reproachfully . heihachi and kikuchiyo stand face one another angrily in the foreground . behind they kambei suddenly stand up in front of the window . kambeil now they know about we . the other samurai crowd back round the window leave kikuchiyo watch they petulantly . medium shot of the barricade with the three bandit visible beyond it , run away up a hill . medium shot from behind of the six samurai peer through the window , which be off-screen . they move away , camera pan slightly right , and look at each other worriedly . gorobeil they can not be allow to rejoin the other . kambeil right . kyuzo I 'il get they . the hill be my responsibility . as kyuzo move , he reveal kikuchiyo stand shamefacedly by the door . kikuchiyo I be sorry ... I do not know . kambeil do not apologize . just go out there and get they . and take the short cut . kikuchiyo grin with delight , hand he sword to shichiroji and run off rub he hand with glee . kyuzo right , we will reach the horse first . he turn and run after kikuchiyo , camera pan leave with he , revealing kikuchiyo stand in the porch , beckone excitedly . katsushiro start to follow kyuzo and camera hold on the doorway as he be about to go through , but kambei step up to he . 110 . kambeil katsushiro ! kikuchiyo run off as katsushiro run to kambei . kambei ( cont 'd ) you can go , but just watch , do not fight . understand ? kikuchiyo leap back to the porch and pull at katsushiro , then go off again . katsushiro ( to kambei ) yes , sir . he quickly follow kikuchiyo . wipe to medium shot of the three horse stand among the tree in the forest . drumbeat in , very softly . tilt up through the tree , lose the horse , to reveal kikuchiyo , kyuzo and katsushiro at the top of the rise , hurry towards camera . one of the horse neigh , off . medium shot of the three samurai peer through the foliage which partly obscure they in the foreground . kikuchiyo ( impress ) they be very good horse . kyuzo look around and then go off . Pan right with kikuchiyo as he turn to follow . katsushiro follow he and the pan continue as they climb a short rise , till they rejoin kyuzo , who turn to katsushiro . kyuzo you stay here . kikuchiyo and kyuzo make off up the hill and katsushiro start to run down it towards camera . fast pan right with he and hold as he stop to look back up the hill . Pan continue down and right past the base of a large tree trunk . katsushiro dodge behind it and then appear on the other side , look round . low -angle medium close - up of katsushiro , back to camera , look up round the tree trunk . at the top of the slope , kikuchiyo and kyuzo can be see run through the tree ; they go out of sight behind the tree trunk . Pan right with katsushiro as he edge round to the other side of the tree to look , but kikuchiyo and kyuzo have disappear . a horse whinny , off , and he duck back behind the tree trunk , camera pan slightly right as he do so . 111 . drumbeat , louder . he look in the direction of the horse , then look all round , very nervously . he pluck up courage and look back up the hill in a attempt to catch sight of kikuchiyo and kyuzo . low -angle long shot look up slope to the tree at the top . Flowers grow in profusion . for a moment nothing move . ; a bird sing . High -angle medium close - up of katsushiro peer round the tree trunk . he start to move away , still look up . Pan right with he and tilt down slightly as he run down a short slope to where the horse be reveal stand under the tree . Pan right with he as he push he way through the undergrowth , and begin to crawl up the slope . High -angle medium shot of katsushiro , back to camera , crawl up the slope through the flower and grass . hold as he stop , press against the ground , and part the flower to get a better view up the slope . drumbeat get gradually louder . tilt up lose katsushiro , revealing the tree and grass on the crown of the hill . kyuzo can be see near the base of a tree . medium long shot of kyuzo , partly obscure by the grass and flower in the foreground , sit nonchalantly at the base of the tree . medium close - up of katsushiro peer up through the flower . he look round then flatten some more flower to get a better view , move he head very slightly . medium long shot . suddenly , kikuchiyo appear about ten foot up in a nearby tree , press himself flat against one of the main branch . he pick a twig and throw it down towards kyuzo , who do not react . High -angle medium close - up of katsushiro . medium shot of kyuzo lean against the tree trunk , relaxed and surround by flower , he sword rest lightly across he knee . he play with a flower ; it be the only thing move in the shot . High -angle close - up of katsushiro amid the flower , stare up in amazement . his eye move as he look in the direction of kikuchiyo . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo up in the tree , he body press flat along the branch . he look round the branch and then crouch right down in the fork . drumbeat even louder . Close - up of katsushiro . 112. medium shot of kyuzo fiddling with the flower at the base of he tree . High -angle big close - up of katsushiro look up tensely . his eye move from one to the other . long-angle medium long shot of the two tree with kyuzo sit at the base of one , and kikuchiyo high up on the branch of the other . suddenly , the three bandit appear , run up the slope towards the tree . High -angle big close - up of katsushiro , he eye wide with apprehension . drumbeat very loud . medium long shot of the bandit run towards camera under kikuchiyo 's tree , with kyuzo visible sit by the other tree . as they run , kikuchiyo brace himself to jump and kyuzo very slowly start to get up . he stand in front of the bandit impassively and they stop , off they guard , stare at he in amazement . then , as kikuchiyo jump down from the branch with a yell , pan slightly right as kyuzo step forward to one of the bandit who have just draw he sword . he fell the man with one blow and kikuchiyo fall on the second man . the third bandit try to run away , come towards camera . fast pan right as kyuzo pursue he and , with a single sword thrust , run he through at the base of a tree . drumbeat out , abruptly . as he fall , pan back with kikuchiyo , who return to where kikuchiyo and the other bandit be still struggle . kyuzo turn to where katsushiro be hide , off - screen . kyuzo ( cont 'd ) katsushiro ! it 's all over . you can come out now . as he call , kikuchiyo be pound the bandit into the ground with obvious satisfaction . wipe to medium close - up of the head and shoulder of the survive bandit , lie on the ground , he arm bound tightly . people 's foot can be see in the background and the crowd shout , off . the man roll about , scream for mercy . track back to include kikuchiyo , who be hang onto the end of the rope that be tie round the bandit . behind he the other samurai be hold back the villager who be try to get at the man , armed - man and woman alike - with pick , hoe , spear or club . kikuchiyo be in very good spirit and every now and again give the bandit a vicious kick . suddenly , some villager break through the cordon in the foreground . medium shot pan swiftly right as gorobei rush through with a spear to hold back some of the villager . 113 . medium close - up of shichiroji with a spear use all of he strength to hold back another group of villager , who be scream and shouting hysterically . medium close - up of heihachi hold back some man and woman who be push and struggle to get through . Pan leave as he manage to push they back with both arm outstretch . High -angle medium close - up of kyuzo , in back view , surround by villager but hold they off with he sword , which he be hold horizontally with both hand . Quick medium shot of katsushiro struggle with other villager . medium shot of kambei , back to camera , push back more villager . fast pan leave with kambei as he turn away from they and run towards camera . medium close - up of kambei pan leave with he as he run into the middle of the circle of scream villager . High -angle medium long shot of kambei stand surround by the angry villager , who be still try to get through to the bandit , wave and threaten with they weapon . the commotion have raise cloud of dust . kambeil ( shout and wave he arm ) listen ! this man be a prisoner of war . the villager take no notice . kambei ( cont 'd ) he give himself up . he 's confess . he be begging for mercy . we must not kill he ! the villager take little notice and still try to break in while the samurai continue to fight to keep they back . medium shot of a group of villager with heihachi try to hold they back . in the foreground , a man naked to the waist manage to break through . a woman next to he wave a pickaxe . medium shot of another group with rikichi in front hold a spear . he look down towards the bandit , off -screen , he eye wild . rikichi let I do it , let I . 114 . the man next to he try to pull he spear away , but rikichi hang onto it and push the man back . he come forward , stare down , and raise he spear to strike . Pan right as kambei rush up and grab rikichi round the waist , pull he back . suddenly , everyone stop and look towards something off -screen ; the noise die down . medium shot of the old woman ( kyumon 's grandmother ) come up the edge of the crowd carry a vicious - look three - pronge hoe . Music and hum chorus in . Pan leave with she as she shuffles past the crowd who stand stare at she , motionless and silent . camera pick up kambei watch she pass and hold on he as the old woman go off . rikichi and shichiroji stand behind kambei . gorobei come up from one side , and heihachi , kyuzo and katsushiro join they from the other . they all watch the old woman , out of shot . then old gisaku appear in the foreground , lean on he stick . the samurai look towards he as he begin to speak . gisaku very good . let she avenge she son 's death in she own way . make way there . somebody help she ! rikichi push past kambei and go off , follow the old woman . gisaku look up at kambei , while more villager run past he in the foreground , follow rikichi . the samurai turn away dejectedly , then go off , push they way through the crowd . hold on gisaku as the villager continue to crowd forward . Music out . wipe to high - angle shot of the samurai sit in a circle in rikichi 's house with rikichi in the background . kikuchiyo be lie with he foot propped up against a pillar . gorobeil accord to what the bandit say , they fortress must be ... kyuzo must be very easy to take . kikuchiyo ( Rolling over and grin ) must be as full of hole as yohei 's trousers . gorobeil if it be that easy ... kikuchiyo I have attack by night , I would . 115 . heihachi there be forty of they . but we could march right in and fight . kambeil wait . if we lose one man we have lose ... even if we kill five for that one . in the background , rikichi get up and get on with some work . gorobeil that be true of any battle . kyuzo if three of we go we can kill ten of they easily . kambeil ( Calling ) rikichi . rikichi put down what he be do and come to the edge of the group . rikichi yes , sir ? kambeil how far be it there ? rikichi a good day 's walk . kikuchiyo but we have horse , the one we take from the bandit . rikichi on horseback it would take about half a day . kambeil I see . a pause as they all stare at kambei thoughtfully . Close - up of kambei , he head bent forward . he look up . kambei ( cont 'd ) it 's decide , then . if we leave now and ride all night long , we will get there at dawn . now , who will go ? 116 . medium close - up of kyuzo and heihachi , who have already get to they foot and be move towards the door . tilt down to reveal katsushiro be also stand up . Close - up of kambei look up . kambei ( cont 'd ) no , not you , katsushiro . medium shot of katsushiro look back , disappointed . rikichi be in the foreground , three - quarter back to camera , look up at katsushiro . kikuchiyo get to he foot beside katsushiro . kikuchiyo ( point down to kambei , out of shot ) well , I be go . it 's all decide . as kikuchiyo start to go , rikichi jump to he foot in the foreground . medium close - up pan with rikichi as he jump forward and kneel beside kambei . hold on they both , kambei in three - quarter back view , rikichi face camera . rikichi ( urgently ) I too ... you will need a guide . medium close - up of kikuchiyo adjust he sword . he look down towards kambei . kikuchiyo but you can not . there be not enough horse . medium close - up of heihachi . he move towards camera , kyuzo behind he . heihachi there 's yohei 's horse . you will take it . Quick close - up of kikuchiyo , look sick . heihachi ( cont ’d ) ( off ) no one but ... medium close - up of heihachi . 117 . heihachi ( cont ’d ) Sir kikuchiyo can manage that animal . he point and he and kyuzo both laugh . medium close - up of kikuchiyo , grimace . he rub he nose with he finger . wipe to a long shot of kyuzo , heihachi and rikichi gallop through the dark forest . drumbeat in . Pan briefly right with they . hold as they go off . a second 's pause ; then kikuchiyo appear , riding yohei 's horse ; it be move rather reluctantly and in spite of kikuchiyo 's shout , it stop and wheel round , head for home . kikuchio no , you idiot , not that way , this way ! medium shot of kikuchiyo on the horse , try to pull it up . Pan slightly leave with they and hold as kikuchiyo manage to stop the horse . kikuchiyo stupid ! no , no ! Pan further as he jump off and face the horse , pull the rein hard . the horse pull back the other way . kikuchiyo continue to haul at the rein , point up the path in the direction he want to go . medium shot of kikuchiyo pull the rein . the horse toss its head . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) call yourself a horse ? shame on you ! kikuchiyo pick up a stone and be about to remount when the horse jerk away and gallop off up the path past he . he get up quickly and run after it , shouting : kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) wait , wait ! medium shot tracking with the horse as it gallop through the forest . medium shot of kikuchiyo , tracking with he as he run after it , shouting : kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) do not run off like that ! I apologize ! I be sorry ! 118 . High -angle medium shot tracking through the forest with the horse . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo run after it , wave he arm desperately . wipe to a very high - angle long shot of the side of a mountain . tilt down into the valley where the first three horse gallop by , follow by the fourth - kikuchiyo have now remount . tilt down further , into a deep ravine , lose the horse . wipe to medium shot of a waterfall in a gorge with a river run along in the foreground . drumbeat in , very softly . in the background , one of the horse , lead by rikichi , appear round a outcrop of rock , follow by the other . medium shot from behind of the four man lead they horse along a ledge of rock behind the waterfall . medium shot from the side of the man lead the horse behind the waterfall . kikuchiyo be have difficulty in make yohei 's horse follow he , they leave they horse and start to move towards the river . medium shot of rikichi with heihachi behind he . kyuzo and kikuchiyo come up and join they , and they peer forward through the darkness . rikichi point , then they all run forward , go off in the foreground . High -angle long shot look up the river towards the waterfall . in the background , the four man can be see jump down into the river and splash towards camera in single file . camera tilt down slightly as they climb the rocky bank in the foreground , lead by kikuchiyo . track back slightly and pan right as kikuchiyo and rikichi run along the bank . track past some tethere horse as kikuchiyo and rikichi run towards a group of building visible in the background . they go out of sight behind the horse and kyuzo and heihachi can be see follow they . track on further , then back slightly as they run up to the large of the building . medium close - up of rikichi with kyuzo next to he peer through crack in the timber wall of the building . heihachi come between they and also peer through . General shot of the interior of the bandit 's hideout , see through the crack in the wall . Men and woman can be see lie asleep in the gloom , in vary degree of nakedness . 119 . medium shot of the bandit asleep on the floor or on raise bed , partly cover by blanket or clothing that have be strewn about . a woman 's leg can be see hang down over the edge of one of the high bed . drumbeat louder . medium shot of the three samurai and rikichi , in back view , peer through the crack . Pan leave with kikuchiyo , lose the other , as he go to the corner of the house and look round it to the out-building . Pan back as he rejoin heihachi and rikichi . he tap rikichi on the shoulder . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) set fire to the hut . Pan slightly to include kyuzo . heihachi then we ’1ll kill they as they come out . rikichi look round excitedly and then dash away . the other go back to look through the crack . Close - up of kikuchiyo in profile peer through another crack , look amaze . medium shot of some bandit asleep ; the woman 's leg be again visible hand over the edge of the bed . Close - up of kikuchiyo . he move back a bit . still look through a crack , he undoe he belt and wind it round he forehead , tie it at the back of he head . medium shot of a bandit and a woman lie naked on the floor , they bare leg entwine , partly cover by a blanket . Close - up of kikuchiyo grin ; he look through the crack , as he finish fix the belt round he forehead . medium shot of a man and a woman sleep on a raise bed . one of the woman 's arm be dangle over the edge . Close - up of kikuchiyo look through . suddenly , he duck down ; tilt down with he as he look through another crack in the wall . medium shot of more body lie about - bare knee , bare arm , man , woman ; it be impossible to distinguish individual body . drumbeat still , over . Close - up of kikuchiyo grin . heihachi and kyuzo be visible beside he , also peer through . 120 . medium shot of a corner of the building . a figure can be see lie down behind gauze curtain . a single candle burn , its flame flicker in a slight draught . the figure sit up slowly . it be a beautiful young woman . a noh flute begin to play , over . the curtain stir in a slight breeze . Close - up of kyuzo , nearest camera , heihachi be in the center and kikuchiyo , beside he , all look through crack in the wall . Close - up of the young woman , stare sadly into space . her head sway mournfully from side to side as the flute continue , over . then fast pan right as she suddenly pull herself back , stare fearfully at something off -screen . Close - up of the three samurai . suddenly , they all turn they head towards something they can see inside . medium shot inside the building with thing strewn all over the floor and various cooking utensil and weapon hang from the roof . smoke be billow up in the background . suddenly , a flame flare up and catch hold on the wooden wall . Close - up of the three samurai outside . heihachi grin delightedly . Close - up of the young woman through the gauze curtain . Pan right with she as she back away in horror . suddenly , she turn she head , camera reframing slightly as she look away . then she turn back and look through the curtain , camera reframing again to keep she in close -up . she lower she head , then raise she eye again with a bitter little smile . then very slowly she turn away . Close - up of the three samurai . they sword at the ready , they look at each other then back out through the crack in the wall . the flute stop , but the drumbeat continue , over . Long shot of rikichi dash out of one of the out-building . Pan right as he run along beside the main building and rejoin the samurai . the roof be now burn fiercely . the four man pair off and stand on either side of the door . suddenly , scream can be hear inside and several woman appear at the door . drumbeat out . the samurai push they out of the way , wait for the man to appear , and as the first bandit rush out , they cut they down . medium shot of rikichi and heihachi fight three or four bandit . medium long shot of the samurai outside the doorway beat off the man and push the woman out of the way as they come out . 121 . Long shot focus towards the building , which be now silhouett by the flame on the roof . the three samurai and rikichi battle with the bandit , and woman rush about hysterically . many of the bandit and they woman run towards camera , fall down the riverbank in the foreground . horse neigh shrilly , off . low -angle medium long shot look towards the entrance . kyuzo and heihachi shove two woman away who run towards camera . in the foreground , two horse can be see , buck and plunging with fear , try to break free . Long shot from the other side of the river with the main building blaze on the leave . smoke billow across the clear , obscure most of the battle . two woman crouch in the foreground , near a tall , dead tree trunk . low -angle medium long shot of the battle outside the house . more people rush out . half - naked bandit fall scream into the river in the foreground . rikichi kick one of they roughly and then turn back to the battle as more man rush out . medium shot of kyuzo and heihachi in back view , chase two of the man who be run out of the house . rikichi join they and he and kyuzo turn towards camera . High -angle medium long shot look down over the bank into the river . several bandit be wading along the riverbed closely pursue by heihachi and kikuchiyo . kikuchiyo wade through the water , camera pan right as he come up onto the bank in the foreground at the base of the dead tree trunk . he crouch down beside a rock and kyuzo , heihachi and rikichi join he .. he laugh as they watch the confusion in the river . medium close - up of heihachi , and kikuchiyo in back view in the foreground . in the background , the fort blaze furiously . a few half - dress bandit be run about on the opposite river bank , now armed with sword , and one or two with gun . they point across in the direction of the samurai . medium close - up of kyuzo and rikichi in the foreground , crouching behind the rock . the bandit can be see outside the blaze building in the background . suddenly , rikichi look round and stand up . medium shot of the young woman appear at the entrance of the blaze house wear a flower kimono . her arm be fold and she look round calmly . noh flute in again . medium shot of rikichi and kyuzo with the flame building in the background . 122. rikichi suddenly run off , revealing heihachi and kikuchiyo beside kyuzo . they all watch he go in amazement . medium long shot of rikichi , back to camera , run towards the young woman , who be stand at the doorway of the house . High -angle medium shot of the three samurai look towards rikichi , out of shot , with the river behind they . heihachi ( cont ’d ) ( shout ) rikichi ! look out ! rikichi ! medium long shot of rikichi , back to camera , face the young woman , who stand at the doorway , silhouett against the flame . medium close - up of the young woman . she notice rikichi and start to run away terrify . medium shot of the entrance from the side . the young woman run inside , drop she shawl . flute tune out . High -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo in three - quarter back view , look up in horror towards the house . medium shot of rikichi form the side , run towards the doorway of the building . he reach the threshold but stagger back from the leaping , roaring flame . medium close - up of rikichi in back view , silhouett against the flame , hold he sword . Pan leave as he back away . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo , heihachi and kyuzo ducking behind the rock . medium long shot of rikichi , three - quarter back to camera , beside the burn doorway . he thrust and lunge with he sword , but there be no one else there . he back away and lose he balance . Long shot of the blaze building . in the foreground , the samurai , back to camera , watch as rikichi slip down the river bank opposite . kyuzo half -stand , shouting . kyuzo come back , rikichi ! rikichi , come back ! rikichi stagger to he foot and scramble back up towards the house again . the air be fill with the noise of the fire and the bandit 's shout . rikichi stagger about wave he sword insanely . 123 . High -angle medium shot of the three samurai by the river look towards the building , off-screen . suddenly , heihachi get up and rush away . the other two watch he go in alarm . High -angle medium close - up of kyuzo in profile . kyuzo ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) heihachi ! low -angle medium shot of rikichi , three - quarter back to camera , half - crawl , half - run towards the house . heihachi appear and grab he free arm . Pan right as rikichi rush towards the doorway and plunge across the threshold . Pan leave as heihachi grab he round the waist and pull he out backwards . track back slightly and tilt down at they both fall down the river bank into the water , still struggle . Pan further leave as heihachi manage to drag rikichi back , in spite of the latter 's effort to get back to the building . suddenly , a shot ring out . rapid tilt down as heihachi fall , landing heavily on the rock at the edge of the water . medium close - up of rikichi ; he mouth fall open in horror as he look back down at heihachi , off-screen . Pan leave and tilt down as he bend down to grab hold of heihachi . medium close - up of kikuchiyo get to he foot . High -angle medium shot pan with kikuchiyo and kyuzo as they run along the river bank towards rikichi and heihachi . hold as rikichi and kikuchiyo hold heihachi up . Pan back as they drag he to safety behind the rock . Long shot of the building completely envelop in flame . very high - angle long shot of the group of building blaze , smoke billow upwards , with mountain just visible in the background . High -angle long shot of the blaze building with the horse tethere in the foreground . High -angle medium shot , pan right with rikichi and kikuchiyo as they drag heihachi through the river . tilt up as they climb onto the opposite bank , follow by kyuzo , go away from camera towards the waterfall . medium shot of kikuchiyo and rikichi lay heihachi on the bank in front of the waterfall . kyuzo join they . kikuchio ( slap rikichi ) you idiot ! it 's you fault . who be that woman ? 124 . rikichi ( sob ) my wife ! he throw himself forward . medium long shot of the four man on the riverbank near the waterfall , the river flow past into the foreground . continue he movement , rikichi throw himself onto the ground . suddenly , heihachi lurch forward onto he face , hang over the riverbank . the samurai theme come in softly . kyuzo ( quickly bend over he ) heihachi ! kikuchiyo and rikichi immediately jump up to help . kikuchiyo heihachi ! brace up ! rikichi sob . heihachi remain motionless . wipe to low - angle long shot look up a slope to a small burial mound silhouett against the sky . the samurai stand beside it . villager be group together in the foreground , back to camera . the wind blow up the dust among the small gravestone of the village burial place . low -angle medium long shot of the small mound with the six samurai stand on one side , and rikichi and gisaku , with two other farmer , on the other side . they stand with head bow . kikuchiyo hold heihachi 's sword out in front of he . medium shot of kikuchiyo , in three - quarter back view , rest on heihachi 's sword with the burial mound on the right . kambei stand beside with katsushiro and shichiroji just behind . suddenly , kikuchiyo draw heihachi 's sword from its scabbard ; pan slightly right as he take a couple of step up to the mound and stick it in the top . Pan back as he step back again and throw down the scabbard . tilt down as he sit down dejectedly , with he back to the other . Old gisaku , who be now visible on the right , begin to kneel down . low -angle long shot look up the hill with the samurai on one side . continue he movement , gisaku kneel down and bow he head by the mound . the villager , who be group in a semicircle in the foreground , begin to kneel as well . finally , everybody except the samurai be kneel . 125 . low -angle medium shot of gorobei and kambei silhouett against the sky , with the sword stick in the mound in the foreground . kambei look at gorobei and then down at the mound . kambel we be count on he to cheer we when the situation become gloomy . and now he 's go ! medium shot of rikichi crouch down , he head rest on he clasped hand . yohei be behind he - both be see from the side . manzo stand behind they . suddenly , rikichi 's shoulder begin to tremble violently and camera pan leave as he throw himself prostrate on the mound , sobbing bitterly . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo , still seat , with shichiroji , kambei and gorobei behind he . on the other side of the mound , gisaku be bent double on he knee , and beyond he be the weep figure of rikichi . kikuchiyo look at he angrily . kikuchiyo ( furiously ) shut up ! he stand up , camera tilting up with he . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) stop cry , fool ! low -angle long shot with the crow of villager kneel , and now weep as well . kikuchiyo run down the slope towards they , shouting . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) stop cry ! fool , idiot ! he go off in the foreground . medium shot tracking with kikuchiyo as he run through the village . medium shot of kikuchiyo as he run round behind a fence , come towards camera . Pan leave as he duck under the door of rikichi 's house , in back view , and run through , grab the banner make by heihachi . Pan back without pause as he run out of the house . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo carry the banner as he climb the sloping thatched roof of the house , back to camera . tilt up with he as he scramble to the top . 126 . medium shot of kambei and gorobei in back view , stand beside the grave , with kyuzo , katsushiro and shichiroji in profile beside they . in the background , kikuchiyo can be see on the roof hold the banner . he stick it firmly into the thatch where it flutter in the breeze , and then he sit down on the roof beside it . suddenly , kambei notice it and they all turn to look . low -angle medium shot of the banner against the sky , flutter in the breeze . a trumpet fanfare take over the samurai theme , faster and louder . low -angle long shot up the hill towards the mound , with the villager and the samurai all look up at the banner , off - screen . gradually the villager begin to stand up , crowd forward to look at the banner . medium shot of a group of villager look up , hold spear . low -angle medium shot of the banner . medium shot of some woman , brush away they tear and smile as they point towards the banner . Music out . medium close - up of the banner flutter in the breeze . tilt down from the top over the six circle , the triangle , then the japanese character which mean ' farmer . 's low -angle medium close - up of gisaku , tear in he eye , look towards the banner . behind he , rikichi , yohei , manzo and mosuke stare towards it also . General low - angle shot of the burial hill with village woman in the foreground , man with spear above they , and at the top , the samurai , silhouett against the sky . they be all look up towards the banner . medium close - up of the banner , tilting down over the symbol . hold for a moment on the symbol of the farmer . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo , arm fold , sit on the roof and clenching he tooth . he look up . suddenly , he see something off -screen , and he unfold he arm , stare forward . low -angle very long shot look up the side of a far hill towards the horizon . something move at the top ; then horse and rider appear - tiny figure silhouett against the sky . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo . tilt up with he as he stand up with a yell , point and wave he arm . 127 . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) they have come ! the bastard have finally come ! Pan leave with he as he make he way along the roof past the banner , point , yell and grin happily . low - angle shot up the burial hill . at the sound of kikuchiyo 's voice , the woman begin to shriek and move off . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo leaping up and down beside the banner . low -angle very long shot of the horseman gallop over the top of the hill . the leader be already start to come down the slope . medium shot tilting down with kikuchiyo as he scramble down the roof . medium shot as he jump down onto the ground . camera pan right as he start to run , point towards the bandit , off - screen . low - angle shot of the crowd on the hillside . shout and scream , they begin to run down the hill and away in the foreground , follow by the samurai , leave gisaku stand alone by heihachi 's grave at the top of the slope . low -angle very long shot of about thirty bandit gallop down the hillside . tilt down , over the house , lose the horseman , to a very high - angle long shot of the crowd of villager rush into the village square . medium shot tracking right with kyuzo who lead he unit through the village . he run round towards camera , follow by the other ; then pan and track back slightly as they run off to take up they position . medium shot of shichiroji lead he unit . fast pan right as they run past . medium shot pan quickly leave with kambei and katsushiro , run with they man through the village . in the background , village woman be run into hide . High -angle medium shot of shichiroji lead he man through the village . Pan leave and crane up as they round the corner and make for the western barricade . as they reach the low inner barrier , camera tilt up over the barricade to reveal the bandit in long shot gallop towards it . hold on they as they gallop up to the barricade . shout ; loud hoofbeat . 128 . as they reach it , tilt down slightly to reveal katsushiro run towards the barricade , bend low . low -angle medium shot of katsushiro , back to camera , run and crouching down behind the inner barrier next to shichiroji , whose man can be see crouching in the foreground . behind the barricade , the bandit mill about in confusion , with a lot of shouting and neigh of horse . High -angle medium shot of the bandit on horseback , milling about and jostling one another , with the top of the barricade in the foreground . camera pan right , along the barricade , then back again to the leave . medium shot of the bandit chief on he horse shouting order and wave he sword . medium close - up of shichiroji , in profile , nearest camera , with katsushiro beside he , peer over the low inner barrier . shichiroji Three gun . do not forget , they have three gun . katsushiro right ! High -angle medium shot of the bandit with the bandit chief in the foreground , circle round on the other side of the barricade . Pan leave as some wheel they horse round and start to gallop away . High -angle medium long shot , over the barricade , of a group of bandit gallop off to the leave . High -angle long shot , with the barricade in the foreground . the bandit have divide into two group : several be gallop off to the leave , the other ride away up the hill to the right . medium shot of katsushiro and shichiroji in back view , crouching down behind the inner wall with the barricade beyond they . other man of shichiroji 's unit , include manzo , be visible in the foreground . as the bandit ride off , katsushiro get up and run off in the foreground . medium close - up of some woman in back view , only they head visible , look through a window at the village square beyond . in the background , katsushiro run across , camera pan leave with he over the head of the woman , till he reach kambei and gorobei sit with a group of man at the end of the square . 129 . medium shot of kambei and gorobei seat on the ground with the map spread out in front of they , and four or five farmer , include rikichi , behind they . katsushiro drop down on he knee in from of kambei . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) ( breathlessly ) there be twenty to the north and thirteen to the south . kambeil how many gun ? katsushiro Three in all . kambeil good . ( to gorobei ) you go on to the south , but be careful of the gun . gorobei nod and get up , pick up he bow . Pan leave as he go off down the street follow by rikichi , katsushiro and the other man . hold as they run off up the track . High -angle medium long shot , from inside , of gorobei and katsushiro lead they man into one of the outly hut . Pan leave past one of the wooden upright as they run inside towards camera . medium shot of gorobei , katsushiro and some of the other man , back to camera , go towards the window which look out over the field . track in after they as they press up against the bar , bend low and look out . one of the bandit can be see gallop along the edge of the field in very long shot . he stop , point , and other come to join he , reining in they horse . they circle round , trot about in confusion . medium long shot , with the flood field in the foreground . the bandit on they horse look down uncertainly at the water . medium shot of gorobei , katsushiro and rikichi look out of the hut , back to camera . in the background outside , the bandit be circle round and trot up and down , not know what to do . medium long shot of the bandit with a flood field in the foreground . a few of they ride up to the edge of the water and one dismount . he jump down into the water , use a stick to test the depth . in two place it be not very deep . he go round a little further , watch by the other . 130 . then he test the depth again and the stick unexpectedly go right down , water cover he hand , and he slip , sit down ignominiously in the water . medium shot from outside the hut of gorobei , rikichi and katsushiro look out , just visible behind the bar and the roll of matting which be hang on the wall . gorobei and katsushiro look at one another , grin with delight at the bandit 's obvious surprise . gorobei move he head back slightly . medium shot with katsushiro in the foreground , back to camera , gorobei next to he , in three - quarter back view . without turn round , gorobei pull a arrow out of the quiver on he back . medium shot of the bandit up to he knee in the water , staggering as he try to climb up the muddy bank . medium close - up from the side of katsushiro bend down , peer through the bamboo bar , with gorobei behind he draw back he bow , and take aim . he let the arrow fly . High -angle medium shot of the bandit at the edge of the pool - the arrow strike he right in the middle of the chest . he fall back into the water clutching the shaft of the arrow . low -angle medium shot of the bandit chief , and one of he man look down and pull they horse back in surprise . bandit chief ( shout and wave he sword ) to the rear ! to the rear ! medium shot of kambei in three - quarter back view , squatting in the middle of the desert village square , look at the map which be spread out in front of he . katsushiro appear and go down on one knee in front of he . kambei look up . he be hold a write brush in one hand . katsushiro twelve of they be move to the east now . kambeil you mean thirteen . katsushiro one of they be shot , sir . kambeil ( laugh appreciatively ) good old gorobei , eh? 131 . he bend down to write something on the map . High -angle close - up of the edge of the map with kambei 's hand and arm in shot . kambei have draw two line of circle down the edge of the paper . he draw a cross over the first circle . medium shot of kambei and katsushiro kneel on either side of the map . kambei point behind he . kambei ( cont 'd ) now , go to the east border and make sure the bridge be cut off , and ... katsushiro and try to get the gun . he run off , and kambei grin . low -angle medium shot of a group of villager bend over the edge of the bridge with kikuchiyo stand over they in the background . they be lift off one of the horizontal tree trunk which form the main base of the bridge . kikuchiyo help they lift it and they stagger off , in the foreground , leave . kikuchiyo look up towards the hill behind he . katsushiro come up to he , run along one of the remain horizontal support . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) there be twelve come ! Quick - the bridge ! kikuchiyo ( turn towards he ) be you blind ? he look down at what be leave of the bridge and then up at katsushiro , balance on the log . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) what do you think we have be do ? he make a angry gesture and katsushiro look down , embarrassed . kikuchiyo turn away again . katsushiro ( nervously ) and look out for the gun . kikuchiyo ( turn back crossly ) I know ! 132 . katsushiro turn back towards camera and sigh heavily . a baby can be hear cry , off . he look up , and kikuchiyo look round also , as a man come into shot , balance along the pole nearest camera , follow by he wife carry a baby . kikuchiyo grab the man . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? be you blind ? man I have to go and fetch my father . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo hold onto the man 's shirt , with the latter face he in back view . his wife stand watch , three - quarter back to camera in the foreground . in the distance be the mill house with the hill rise up behind it . wife ( nodding towards the mill ) he 's over there . he always say he want to die there . hear the sound of the mill wheel . kikuchiyo turn to look at the mill . medium shot of the mill wheel turn . medium long shot of old gisaku sit inside the mill , back to camera , hold a spear . the shadow of the turn wheel can be see beyond he and its regular knock can be hear . medium shot of old gisaku sit back to camera , silhouett in the sunlight . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo with the man and he wife face he in three - quarter back view . kikuchiyo stubborn old bastard ! all right . go and bring he back . ( shout ) but hurry ! medium shot of gorobei lead he man through the village . Pan slightly leave with gorobei , lose the other as he come up and stand in front of kambei , who get up . kambeil ( point leave and turn towards camera ) go to the northern border , that be where the main battle will be fight . 133 . gorobei come forward and stand beside he . gorobeil if you know that , why do not you build a barricade there too ? kambei step closer to camera . Pan slightly as gorobei follow , revealing some of he man watch . kambeil well , a good fort need a gap , a break . the enemy must be lure into it . we could not keep this place only by defend it . gorobei nod , smile , and run follow by he man . camera remain on kambeil . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo hold up the end of one of the bridge support with two man behind he . they all strain under the weight . Pan right with they as they haul it across the stream towards the opposite bank . the bridge be now completely dismantle and form a barricade on the bank . medium shot of shichiroji in front of the barricade , with he man line up in front of he . encourage by he , they shout a fierce battle cry , raise they spear . medium shot of kikuchiyo with he man lowering the long pole onto the riverbank . shichiroji 's man can be hear shouting , off . kikuchiyo ( turn to he man ) so that 's how it be , be it ? let 's outshout they ! he raise he hand and they all shout , raise they hand - except for yohei , who stand opposite kikuchiyo in the foreground , giggle . kikuchiyo bellow at he to join in and then they all shout again , yohei a second behind all the other . suddenly , kikuchiyo look up at something across the river and , beckone to he man , he dash back across the riverbed , camera pan leave with he . hold as he climb up the opposite bank where the bridge use to be and peer over the top . hoofbeat , off . he look back at he man , laugh wildly . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) here they come ! here they come ! then he look back over the bank . 134 . Long shot tracking with the bandit as they gallop across the field past the outly house . hold as the lead bandit turn he horse towards camera and stop at the edge of the flood field . he motion to he man . horse neigh . medium close - up of kikuchiyo peer up over the top of the bank , grin demoniacally . in the background , he man be look through the barricade on the other side of the river . kikuchiyo make a face , and then begin to climb up onto the bank . medium shot of kikuchiyo , back to camera in the foreground , climb onto the bank in full view of the bandit , who can be see on they horse on the other side of the flood field . kikuchiyo stand up and stride forward , wave he arm . suddenly , a shot ring out , fall into the water of one of the flood field very near kikuchiyo . he turn tail and dash back towards camera , which pan leave and tilt down as he jump down the back and cross the river . crane up and track back in front of kikuchiyo as he climb up onto the top of the barricade , stand up and shouting nonsensically . hold on medium shot of he stand on the barricade , wave he arm and waggling he backside at the bandit . he pat he bottom invitingly and another shot ring out . as it do so , he leap down to safety . Pan leave and tilt down as he crouch beside yohei who be in the foreground peer between the log . suddenly , yohei straighten up , point . Long shot across the flood field of the outly house , they roof on fire . medium shot of yohei and kikuchiyo stand beside the barricade , look across . Pan slightly with kikuchiyo as he come round behind yohei and stand slightly nearer camera to get a better view . medium shot of the bandit captain on he horse , with a blaze house behind he . the horse be stand fetlock - deep in water at the edge of the flood field . medium shot of yohei , with kikuchiyo stand on top of the barricade , both in back view with some of the bandit visible beyond they . yohei turn away , very upset but kikuchiyo push he back into position . medium shot of the bandit captain on he horse , who turn to look at the flame house behind he . Pan slightly leave as he urge he horse forward , trot along the edge of the flood field . medium shot of kikuchiyo behind the barricade on the river bank , with yohei and some other man . 135 . his man be frighten and some try to run away , but he push they back into position , crouching behind the barricade . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) hey , you . get back to you post . where do you think you be go ? the bastard , they have set the house on fire ! Pan first leave then right as kikuchiyo run about excitedly , watch the bandit in the distance . another of the outly house burst into flame and more bandit gallop past in long shot . medium close - up of kikuchiyo shouting and wave he arm . medium shot of kambei and katsushiro , tracking leave with they as they run along the village street . High -angle medium long shot of kikuchiyo and he man at the barricade by the river . in very long shot , the three house blaze away . kambei and katsushiro appear in the foreground , back to camera , and go up to kikuchiyo . kikuchiyo point at the burn house . medium long shot of two house burn , the flame reflect in the flood field . one of the house collapse completely into the water . medium shot of kikuchiyo and yohei with kambei and katsushiro behind they . furiously , kikuchiyo pick up a rock and hurl it down into the river , off -screen , shouting and swear . suddenly , yohei point . yohei that 's the grandad 's house ! medium long shot with yohei , kikuchiyo and the other man lean over the barricade . in the distance , on the other side of the flood field , the mill house have be set alight . Long shot of the blaze mill . medium shot of the man at the barricade , back to camera , stare in dismay at the mill blaze in the distance . medium close - up of kikuchiyo grab yohei and shaking he . kikuchiyo hey , where 's old gisaku , where 's he son ? where 's the baby ? 136 . he shake yohei free and turn towards camera . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) oh , they be all stupid ! he move round towards camera . medium shot of the group by the barricade with the mill blaze in the distance . kikuchiyo be climb over the barricade watch in dismay by yohei , and also kambei , who have come up . katsushiro and the other man be stare , horror - strike , at the mill . kambei rush to the edge of the barricade , stand back to camera and shouting down to kikuchiyo , who have almost disappear . kambeil wait . do not leave you post . circular track leave with kambei as he run round behind the other man , still back to camera , and track in on he as he lean over the high bank , look down through the bush to the river . kambei ( cont 'd ) come back here ! kikuchiyo ! track in further past kambei to reveal kikuchiyo run along the river bed and go out of sight . kambei rush along the bank after he ; pan slightly leave as he go and hold as he run through the bush , shouting : kambei ( cont 'd ) kikuchiyo ! kikuchiyo ! medium long shot , look along the river to kikuchiyo , back to camera , splash along in the middle of the stream . kambei can be hear shouting , off . Long shot , look along the river , of kikuchiyo come towards camera . in the foreground , the mill wheel can be see still turn , flame lick round it . suddenly , kikuchiyo stop in he track , ducking down , as the sound of a child cry can be hear , off . the woman see earlier appear at the edge of the river from behind the turn wheel . she struggle out into midstream carry the baby as kikuchiyo start to hurry forward and kambei appear , jump down from the bank behind he . medium shot of the woman hold she child in the middle of the stream with kikuchiyo come up to she in three - quarter back view . the mill house blaze behind they . kikuchiyo where be you menfolk ? 137 . kambei run up in the foreground and stand on the other side of the woman , also in three - quarter back view . kikuchiyo hold out he hand to she . she sway backwards and forward with a agonize expression . low -angle medium shot of the woman hold the baby with kikuchiyo in three - quarter back view in the foreground . the mill wheel still turn in the background , now almost envelop in flame . without say a word , the woman hand the baby to he ; then , throw back she head , she stagger forward . kambei rush up to catch she . as she fall into he arm he feel blood on he hand and look at it . kikuchiyo , hold the child , look at the woman 's back . kambeil she be spear . right in the back . yet she get as far as here . what will - power ! kambei hoist the woman 's dead body onto he shoulder and kikuchiyo put out a hand to steady he , still hold the baby in he other arm . kambei ( cont 'd ) kikuchiyo , let 's go back . he start to wade back down the stream towards camera . medium shot of kambei come towards camera carry the dead woman over he shoulder . behind he , kikuchiyo be stare at the child in he arm , the mill blaze in the background . kambei notice that kikuchiyo be not follow he and turn back , urging he on . kambei ( cont 'd ) come on , what 's the matter ? medium close - up of kikuchiyo hold the child , silhouett against the flame . tilt down with he as he sink down onto he knee , waist - deep in the stream . kikuchiyo this baby . it 's I ! the same thing happen to I ! he sob , hugging the child tightly . low -angle medium shot of the blaze mill , with the wheel still turn , black against the flame ; the baby cry , off . wipe to medium shot of the mill wheel lie at a angle against the river bank , with flame lick round some of the strut . the mill house be completely gut . it be now night . 138 . medium shot of yohei hold he spear and stare into the darkness through the barricade by the stream . he be light from behind by the flicker light of a fire , off-screen . very slowly he pull himself up and look over the top of the barricade to get a better view . he look round fearfully towards camera . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo , in the foreground , sit by the fire surround by he man , who be sit round the fire hold they spear . he look round suddenly and they all jump , then he turn back and they all relax visibly . a short pause . then he jump to he foot , back to camera . the villager all lean forward , grip they spear . kikuchiyo look round suspiciously , then down at the fire ; then he sit down again . the man stare at he in bewilderment . a pause . drumbeat in , very softly . he jump up again , go down on one knee in front of the fire , back to camera , grab a flame log and rush away towards the barricade , camera tilting up slightly with he ; all the other man stand up to watch he . medium close - up of kikuchiyo lean over the barricade . he throw the flame log out into the darkness . High -angle medium shot of several bandit crouching in the river . the flame log fly past , landing on the opposite bank , and lighting they up . they stare at it in dismay . medium close - up of kikuchiyo lean over the barricade and peer into the darkness . he hiss through he tooth then suddenly yell , bang on the barricade . drumbeat louder . medium shot of the bandit . the brand be burn out , and kikuchiyo 's voice can still be hear , off . the bandit straighten up and splash through the water , away from camera . drumbeat louder . Pan leave to the barricade on the bank as the bandit begin to climb up it . tilt up over they revealing kikuchiyo , who cut the first bandit down as he appear at the top of the barricade . tilt down as the bandit fall in the water , just miss two other below . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo balance on top of the barricade , look down into the river . the man behind he get ready for action as he shout and bang the hilt of he sword on the top of the barricade . behind he , a man come into shot hold a spear . he drag at kikuchiyo 's sleeve to attract he attention . kikuchiyo turn round and the man point silently behind he towards the fire . kikuchiyo jump down from the barricade and go towards it . medium close - up of yohei look terrify . he be hold onto the shaft of a spear with both hand , the end of it out of shot , with he mouth wide open . kikuchiyo come up and stand beside he look towards the end of the spear . 139 . then he look at yohei and snarl contemptuously . Pan right and track back as he walk forward beside the shaft of the spear . hold as the track reveal one of the bandit pinion on the end of it ; yohei stand in the foreground , three - quarter back to camera , still hold the spear . kikuchiyo stare down at the bandit , then grasp the spear , and put one foot against the bandit 's chest to pull it out . the man fall back dead . medium shot of a bandit , back off , chase by two farmer with they spear lower . Pan slightly as kikuchiyo and some more farmer advance on the bandit , go towards the barricade . drumbeat louder . the western barricade . medium shot pan with one of the bandit as he crawl along by the barricade . farmer appear from the foreground and attack he with they spear . medium shot of one of the bandit disappear over the top of the high barricade pursue by shichiroji . low -angle medium shot of the bandit crawl along by the barricade . he get to he foot . the end of a spear , carry by a man just off - screen on the right , thrust into the middle of he back and he throw back he head with a gurgle ; the spear be withdraw , and the bandit fall dead , camera tilting down slightly with he . medium shot of shichiroji in profile , peer through the barricade , he man run up behind he . he turn to they . shichiroji everybody all right ? they all nod breathlessly . the flood field . medium shot of another group of farmer battle with bandit , with some of the bamboo stake in the foreground , some of the farmer attack from the far bank with spear , while the other , include rikichi , engage in hand - to-hand combat in the water . Pan slightly to include the whole battle ; confuse noise of shouting , the clatter of spear and splash . High -angle medium long shot of the battle in the flood field , with a fire blaze on the bank in the background . High -angle medium shot of rikichi fight with two bandit in the water . low -angle medium shot pan leave with kambei and katsushiro . samurai theme in , low , over the drumbeat . Pan continue as they run past a fire blaze in the foreground . 140 . hold as they stop to watch the battle in the flood field . Music louder . High -angle medium shot of rikichi stand in the water , run a bandit through with he sword . the bandit be lie in the water with he head on the bank . Pan leave with rikichi as he leave the dead man and crawl up the bank towards camera , breathe heavily , he eye wild . low -angle medium shot of kambei and katsushiro , watch in admiration . kambeil hey , halt ! that will do ! High -angle medium close - up pan leave with rikichi as he crawl panting along the bank , drip wet . he stop and stand up , camera tilting up with he and turn towards kambei , off-screen . low -angle medium shot of kambei and katsushiro . kambei ( cont 'd ) good job - who be you ? rikichi I be rikichi . wipe to a high - angle medium close - up of the circle draw on the edge of the map . kambei 's hand come into shot and cross off six more . Music out . medium shot of kambei crouching down over the map . gorobei be beside he in back view , and kyuzo be opposite , see in profile , silhouett against a fire . some farmer sit watch they in the background . kambeil they attack from three different place , yet we drive they all back . he stand up and camera track after he as he walk past the fire away from the villager , follow by kyuzo and gorobei . he speak as he walk . kambei ( cont 'd ) next time , it will probably be here . maybe not tonight , but they 's 11 come . kyuzo it seem quiet enough . they stop by a hut and peer into the darkness . 141 . medium shot from the side of gorobei , kambei and kyuzo peer into the gloom . in the foreground , some of the farmer be sit , back to camera , with a fire blaze between they and the samurai . medium long shot look up the avenue of tree that lead to the forest . a fire burn in the foreground and another blaze a few yard up the avenue . the tree stretch away into the darkness . medium shot . kambei squat down by the fire . kambeil I know , but that 's where they be , all right . i’1l show you . medium long shot of the desert village square . a fire burn in the background . katsushiro come towards camera carry a stuff suit of armor . Music in . he stop in medium shot , and stare up at something off -screen . medium shot of shino , back to camera , with katsushiro just below she , down a short slope , stare up at she . the desert village square stretch away beyond he , with three fire burn at regular interval along its length . shino run towards he and then stop , he take a few step towards she , and then , with a worried frown , run on past she , go off in the foreground . she turn to follow he , and camera tilt up as she tun back up the slope , stare mournfully after he . High -angle medium shot , with a fire blaze in the foreground , of katsushiro run across frame carry the stuff armor . Pan leave with he as he go over to where kambei , gorobei and kyuzo be stand at the base of a large tree at the beginning of the avenue . track in as katsushiro prop up the suit of armor which be support on a pole . kambei inspect it . kambei ( cont 'd ) good work ! put it up there . he point up the avenue and katsushiro run off with the decoy . gorobei , kyuzo and kambei turn away from camera to watch he go . medium long shot of one of the bonfire in the avenue . track right past it as katsushiro , almost invisible , run past in the background . High -angle medium long shot tracking right with katsushiro as he run down through the tree carry the armor . hold as he crouch down beside a tree trunk on the far side of the track , hold out the decoy away from the track . 142. medium close - up of the stuff suit of armor lean out from behind the tree trunk . it look quite lifelike in the gloom . suddenly , a shot ring out , hit the armor . High -angle medium close - up of katsushiro crouch down hold the pole of the decoy and close he eye , wince at the sound of the shot . medium close - up . another shot hit the decoy in the chest . High -angle medium close - up of katsushiro crouching down , hang onto the decoy which be still sway from the force of the shot . he lower it quickly and camera pan leave as he turn and run swiftly off , drag the decoy into the tree . medium shot of gorobei , kambei and kyuzo stand by the fire with the head of some farmer in the foreground . katsushiro run up drag the decoy . kambei turn and look at the bullet hole , then turn back and fold he arm . kambei ( cont 'd ) they 'il probably attack here in the morning . we will let they in . he laugh and take a few step forward , address the village man in the foreground reassuringly : kambei ( cont 'd ) but not all at once ! camera pan slightly right as he walk by the fire . medium shot of kambei , in back view , look down at the farmer who be seat in front of he by the cover trenches . kambei ( cont 'd ) just one or two he turn and walk away . medium shot of kambei , pan leave as he walk past the fire again ; he stop on the other side of it in front of the three other samurai and spread he hand wide . kambei ( cont 'd ) then we will close we spearline . he start to walk away towards the other man sit under the tree . medium shot of kambei from behind , look down at another group of man sit under the tree . 143. kambei ( cont 'd ) the one or two that get in will be helpless . he turn and begin to walk towards camera , go off in the foreground as he speak . kambei ( cont 'd ) that way , we will get they one by one . medium shot of kambei squatting on he haunch in front of gorobei , katsushiro and kyuzo , with farmer 's head in the foreground . gorobeil ( sitting down beside kambet ) I be worried about the gun . we have get to find a way to get rid of they too . in the foreground , rikichi drop he spear and start to run towards kambei . medium close - up of rikichi , tracking in front of he as he run towards kambei . hold as kambei 's head come into shot in back view in the foreground , and rikichi stare at he in close -up . rikichi I ‘’1l go and get you one . I will . kyuzo ( off ) no , you will not . medium close - up of kambei face camera with rikichi in front of he , back to camera in the foreground . kyuzo step forward , face rikichi . kyuzo ( cont 'd ) I will . he run off . Pan right , lose the other as he run off towards the first fire at the beginning of the avenue . as he run past the second fire , katsushiro appear in the foreground run after he , follow by kambei , who grab he as he reach the first fire . kambei push he back towards camera , out of sight of the avenue . Pan leave as they come forward and kambei push katsushiro behind the tree where rikichi and gorobei be already hide . 144 , Close - up of gorobei peer round the tree trunk with kambei beside he and rikichi visible behind . katsushiro come up and look over kambei 's shoulder . Long shot look up the desert avenue with the two fire burn . kyuzo have disappear into the darkness . wipe to low - angle medium shot of the first fire burnt to ash and smoking slightly . it be dawn . the avenue be shroud in mist and a single bird sing . medium shot of a group of farmer doze or lean on they spear in the cover trenches . suddenly , one of the man in the foreground in the cover trenches start and look up . other do the same , as katsushiro come past in back view walk away from camera up the path outside the hut . he stop and look up towards the avenue . then he turn and come back dejectedly towards camera , and the man in the foreground sink back to they former position . Soft music in . Pan leave and track back as katsushiro walk round the hut , come out into the clear where kambei and gorobei be sit on the ground . in the foreground , two farmer be sleep , propped up on they spear . katsushiro sit down with the other two samurai . then almost immediately he get up again and look back towards the avenue . he pace about and then stare back towards the avenue again . High -angle medium shot of gorobei and kambei sit cross - legge with head bow . rikichi be sit next to gorobei . he look up as katsushiro come up to they in the foreground . katsushiro ( excitedly ) I hear something . kambeil ( look up at katsushiro ) that 's enough . now , you rest a little . katsushiro ( look down and take a step towards camera ) but it 's true . listen . kambei get to he foot and come over and put a hand on he shoulder . Pan slightly to frame they both in medium close - up . kambeil you must rest . you be too tired . come and sit down . a faint noise off , which they all hear . 145 . kambei ( cont ’d ) yes ! they both turn towards the sound , and gorobei and rikichi also stand up , look in the same direction . they they all rush out of shot . High -angle medium long shot look up the mist-shrouded avenue . the three samurai and rikichi hurry forward , and stand beside the first tree of the avenue , back to camera . the village man crowd round behind they . medium shot look up the avenue through the mist . low -angle medium close - up of katsushiro in profile in the foreground , with kambei next to he and gorobei just behind , stare intently . medium long shot look up the avenue . a vague shape move in the mist . low -angle medium close -up . katsushiro take a step forward ; pan right with he , lose gorobei . High -angle medium long shot of kyuzo walk towards camera through the mist , tree rise up on either side of he . medium close - up of katsushiro and kambei in profile ; rikichi come and join they . medium long shot , from inside a trench , of kyuzo , see from the side , come up to the wait group at the end of the avenue . he hand a gun to katsushiro and then wipe he forehead with the back of he hand . kyuzo ( jumping up onto the edge of the trench ) kill two . he jump down into the trench , come towards camera . the other watch he in the background . tilt down as he sit down quietly and rest he back against the side of a hut , fold he arm round he sword and settles down to sleep . samurai theme in , quietly . medium shot of rikichi , katsushiro and mosuke watch , full of admiration , with gorobei , kambei and some other farmer also watch , behind they . kambei reach forward and take the gun from katsushiro 's hand and examine it . all the other crowd round to look at it except katsushiro , who take a couple of step forward , still stare fixedly towards kyuzo , off-screen . suddenly , he step up onto the wall of the trench , and go off in the foreground . 146 . low -angle medium shot with kyuzo in the foreground try to sleep . katsushiro come up behind and stand over kyuzo , look down at he . kyuzo look up . low -angle close - up of katsushiro stare down in admiration . High - angle close - up of kyuzo look up . kyuzo ( cont 'd ) what be it ? low -angle close - up of katsushiro . he stare down silently . High - angle close - up of kyuzo . kyuzo ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? he close he eye . kyuzo ( cont 'd ) I need sleep . low -angle close - up of katsushiro . he swallow nervously and lick he lip . katsushiro you be ... really great . High -angle close - up of kyuzo , he eye close . he open they and look up again . then he lower he eye again , look rather embarrassed . low -angle close - up of katsushiro , he eye shine . katsushiro ( cont ’d ) I have always want to tell you how great I think you be . he start to move away , still look down , camera pan slightly leave . then he turn and dash off . High -angle close - up of kyuzo look down . he look round after katsushiro , smile briefly , and then , readjust the position of he sword , prepare again for sleep . Music out . dissolve to low - angle medium shot tracking leave with horse 's hoof as they gallop along a track , pass tree in the foreground . loud hoofbeat . medium shot of kyuzo sit in the trench , asleep , with sunlight on he face . hoofbeat , hardly audible . 147 . he wake up suddenly and look up then grab he sword and dash away from camera , leaping up onto the trench wall . he look up the avenue for a moment , then jump down and run away . medium close - up of the head of several man , in back view ; they be crouching against a stone wall with they spear help upright . over the wall , kyuzo can be see run round towards camera . track back beyond the man as he come round and duck down by the wall on the near side of the track ; on the other side , crouching down at the base of the tree , be gorobei with rikichi and other man behind he . they all stare intently up the avenue . medium long shot of horse gallop through the tree . Pan leave with they . loud hoofbeat . High -angle medium long shot of gorobei and kyuzo see over the head of the armed villager , all back to camera . faint hoofbeat . gorobeil we will let one through , just one . kyuzo nod he assent without take he eye off the track . gorobei jump up and rush off down towards the village . medium close - up , pan right as gorobei come to the end of the village street and raise he sword . hold as he shout . gorobei ( cont 'd ) kambei ! we will let one of they in ! Long shot look down the road between the house to where kambei and katsushiro be stand with they man line up behind they . they both draw they sword and kambei wave he to show he have understand . medium close - up of gorobei in profile . he turn away and run back towards he man , camera pan leave with he . medium long shot over the head of the armed man on kyuzo ''s side of the track with kyuzo stand at the front , look up the track . on the other side , rikichi look back . gorobei run up and take he place in front of rikichi at the base of the tree . Close - up of gorobei turn he head . reframe slightly to include rikichi , as gorobei call back to he man in a low voice . gorobei ( cont 'd ) remember , the line must be close quickly . 148. tilt down with gorobei as he bend down and look carefully round the tree trunk up the avenue . medium shot of the two unit of farmer lead by gorobei and kyuzo as they stand up and shift back , take up they position out of sight on either side of the track . the sound of gallop hoof gradually get louder . medium close - up of kyuzo stare over the top of the wall with a villager hold a spear beside he . a pause . then he slowly draw he sword . Pan leave along the top of the wall , lose kyuzo , past the farmer stare over it , they face show a mixture of fear and tense anticipation . sound of hoofbeat louder . low -angle long shot , with one of the trench wall in the foreground , look up the avenue as the first bandit appear , shouting a war cry as he gallop along . other follow . fast pan leave follow the bandit 's horse as it pass camera in medium shot . medium shot of gorobei stand up by the tree and lead he man forward with the same samurai war-cry . low -angle medium close - up of some farmer in back view , with a cover trench in front of they ; the bandit can be see between the roof support , gallop towards camera . the farmer run across to the track as the first horseman approach . low -angle medium shot , from inside the trench , of kyuzo lead he man onto the track . Pan slightly right as gorobei and rikichi follow he . low -angle medium shot of the bandit on he horse with the farmer 's spear in the foreground . fast pan leave as he rein in he horse and it sidestep , its eye roll . medium close - up of the horse 's hoof sidestepping and kick up dust . kyuzo 's leg come into shot as the horse sidestep out of shot . low -angle medium shot of the bandit , he head out of shot , kyuzo in the foreground parry with he sword . a farmer 's spear prod the horse between its front leg and it lunge sideways towards camera . kyuzo dodge out of the way as it do so , neigh , then fall . tilt down with it as the bandit fall off . kyuzo 's sword can be see slashing in the foreground . High -angle medium shot with kyuzo in the foreground , he head and shoulder out of frame , and the bandit lie on the ground . he get up , camera tilting up with he , lose kyuzo . 149 . medium shot of kyuzo with the farmer behind he wave they spear . the bandit be in the foreground , he back against the trench wall . kyuzo raise he sword above he head . fast pan right as he cut the bandit through and he fall headlong over the wall towards camera . medium long shot look up the track from the village square , with building in the background . kambei and katsushiro can be see hide on either side . a single bandit gallop down the track towards camera as two farmer carry the end of a long pole run across the end of it , follow by two other carry the other end . they hold the pole right across the track in front of the horse , block its way , and at the same time , kambei and katsushiro lead they man out from cover on either side . low -angle medium close - up of the horse 's leg in the foreground as the bandit fall to the ground on the other side . the horse move away . High -angle medium shot of a water - fill ditch . the bandit crawl along it towards camera with farmer 's spear poke he from behind . medium shot of a horse gallop through the tree away from the village , follow by another . Pan slightly right as several more gallop past . as they go off , gorobei run after they wave he sword , follow by kyuzo , rikichi and some other farmer . suddenly , a shot ring out and they all throw themselves to the ground . kyuzo wave he sword to get they to take cover , and they all retreat out of sight in the undergrowth . low -angle medium shot of horseman gallop up the path through the tree . they go off -screen and the bandit captain ride into shot , wave he sword and shouting , then reining he horse in as other gallop past . hold as he shout at they to prepare for attack again and they go on past he . then the bandit chief ride up and they wheel they horse round towards the village again . medium shot tracking with one of the bandit as he gallop down the track with sword erect . medium close - up tracking with a second bandit as he gallop through the forest . medium shot of the bandit follow , gallop past tree in the foreground . low -angle long shot look up the avenue as the bandit gallop towards camera frame between the roof and wall of a trench . in the foreground , in they previous position , be gorobei and rikichi , see over the trench wall . 150 . the first horseman gallop through . the villager with kyuzo and gorobei rush through to block the way of a second horseman but he also get through . then they all rush forward across the track . medium shot of kambei , back to camera , with two of he man , hide behind the corner of a house . one of the horseman gallop forward in the background , swiftly follow by the second . kambei look across the track . low -angle medium long shot of katsushiro draw he sword in he hide place on the other side of the village square . he run forward as the horse appear , gallop past camera . the first horse knock katsushiro fly and the two horseman gallop away . medium shot look up the track . the two horseman ride towards camera , go off in the foreground . in the background , kambei run forward follow by he man ; katsushiro pick himself up and run to join kambei with he own man . they come towards camera , yell . medium long shot , from the side , of the two horseman gallop through the village square , sword raise . camera pan leave with they . medium close - up of the bar of a window in one of the house , from outside , with several woman press up against it , scream , as they look through . sound of gallop hoof , off . medium long shot of the horseman in the middle of the village square , see through the bar window , with the woman 's head visible in back view in the foreground . Pan slightly leave as they gallop round , revealing a group of farmer bear down on they . they wheel they horse round and gallop back again , camera pan back with they , over the woman 's head . medium long shot of the horseman gallop through the village . Pan leave as they gallop past , pursue by a band of armed villager . another group approach in the background , cut off the horseman and surround they . medium long shot of kikuchiyo lead he unit through the village , shouting and wave he arm and leaping up and down like a ape . camera pan leave with they . High -angle long shot of kikuchiyo and he man , back to camera , run through the village square , see through the bar of the window over the head of one of the woman . Pan right with one of the horseman who be gallop round the other side of the village square . 151 . medium shot pan with one of the horseman . he gallop through the square , past the villager , follow by the other horseman . High -angle medium long shot of the two horseman wheeling round away from camera in the middle of the village square . in the background , kambei and katsushiro can be see with they man , line up across the track that lead out of the village to the avenue . they start to run forward as the two horseman gallop towards they . medium shot of kambei with three of he man in the foreground , back to camera . the horseman gallop towards they and kambei raise he sword . Pan with the horseman as they come level with kambei , who strike the one nearest to he , then on again , lose kambei , as the man on the horse nearest camera start to fall . medium shot tracking with the horseman , with some of the farmer in the foreground beside a small straw fence . the bandit nearest camera fall off he horse . one of the villager near he run up with he spear . the other horseman and the riderless horse gallop away . low -angle medium shot of the second horseman gallop past camera , which pan right to follow he , hold as he gallop away up the village street follow by the other horse . High -angle medium shot of some bandit on horseback , back to camera , in the foreground , with gorobei , kyuzo and they man behind they . gorobei and he band attack one of the bandit in the middle ; he back away , out of shot , just as the bandit who escape from the village square gallop up the track towards camera . low -angle medium close - up of one of the farmer , back to camera , leaping over the wall into one of the trenches as the horseman from the village gallop past , also back to camera . low -angle medium close - up of a horse 's leg with villager 's leg scuffling in the dust behind it . confused shouting , neigh , and hoofbeat , continually hear . the horse circle round , raise cloud of dust . low -angle medium shot of a horse back into shot with the villager fight with spear behind it . the horse circle right round . low -angle medium shot of the horse in the foreground , only its leg and belly in frame , with gorobei and some villager attack from behind . it circle round again , knock down several man , include gorobei , and go off as the villager pick themselves up . Pan right with gorobei as he too get up , wave he sword . 152 . medium shot of the horseman gallop away from camera chase by gorobei and he man . High -angle medium shot of the horse gallop towards camera , pursue by the villager , with kyuzo in front of they , just behind the last horse . the horse gallop off in the foreground . medium shot of the bandit retreate , riding up the path between the tree and go off in the foreground . as the last horseman go out of shot , he reveal gorobei and kyuzo lead they band towards camera , shouting with triumph . they run into medium shot , then suddenly turn round and retreat . one of the bandit gallop into shot again in the foreground as kyuzo , gorobei and they man scatter into the tree . the horse rear up in the foreground , neigh , out of control . High -angle medium close - up of kyuzo and gorobei with rikichi just behind and the other man crowd round in the background . low -angle medium shot of the horse buck and kick . High -angle medium close - up of kyuzo and gorobei with the man behind they , look up towards the horse , off -screen , and back away . medium shot of the horse rear , see over the head of some farmer . medium shot of gorobei run up the track towards camera , as the horse gallop off towards the village , still buck and kick , watch in amazement by the farmer . kyuzo come forward to join gorobei . medium shot of kikuchiyo stand in back view on a slight rise at the edge of the village square , lean on he samurai sword , leg apart . the other villager be scattered about the square in front of he , and in the background , kambei stand face he , at the end of the path lead to the avenue . suddenly , he notice something and raise he sword . kikuchiyo raise he sword in reply and shout . kambei back away behind a house as the horse appear , still buck , and gallop towards camera . kikuchiyo jump down from he vantage point , wave he sword and shouting . medium shot , pan right with kikuchiyo as he bound across , grin . medium long shot of the horse gallop down the track towards kikuchiyo and some farmer in the village square , with kambei behind it . the horse buck and kick , snort with terror . kikuchiyo come to a halt . 153. medium shot of the buck horse at the end of the track , with the bandit lolling about on its back . kambei be watch in the background . medium close - up of kikuchiyo , frown . he circle round , camera pan leave with he , watch the horseman closely all the time . medium shot of the horse buck , with its rider double up against its neck . kambei stand behind it , and some of the villager press forward , in the foreground . Pan right with the horse as it back and sidestep . more villager come up in the background and they all surround it . medium close - up of kikuchiyo with yohei and another man in the background . Pan right with kikuchiyo as he leap to the side , and hold as he jump up and down . low -angle medium shot of the horse 's rump , pan with it as it rear and back dangerously . medium shot of kikuchiyo back away and put a arm out to protect the man behind he . Pan with he as he wave he sword . medium shot of the horse from the side with kikuchiyo 's hand hold out the sword and wave it . Pan right with the horse and tilt down as it finally lose its balance and fall over , pull its rider down with it . medium close - up of kikuchiyo roaring with laughter , and stare at the horse appreciatively . he jump up and down . High -angle medium long shot of the horse gallop away , leave its rider half - stunne on the ground . as the bandit slowly sit up , kikuchiyo , katsushiro , kambei and many of the villager move towards he and surround he , they sword and spear all point towards he . kikuchiyo stand look down at he , hand on he hip , and roar at he . kikuchiyo now , just what do you think you be do ? the bandit , terrify , look round , leap to he foot and run away up the track pursue by all the farmer . they knock he down and spear he . low -angle medium shot of shichiroji in back view in the foreground , with katsushiro , kambei and kikuchiyo in the background , watch the farmer , off-screen . they turn towards each other , grin , and kikuchiyo raise one finger to kambei . then they turn away and walk back into the square , camera pan leave with they . Music in . 154 . wipe to medium shot of gorobei , kambei , katsushiro , and kyuzo walk towards the end of the avenue , which stretch away in the background . katsushiro , who be behind the other , look towards the wall of one of the trenches . medium shot of katsushiro stare over the wall of the trench . on the near side of the wall lie the dead body of the bandit kyuzo kill first . kyuzo , kambei and gorobei be look up towards the avenue in the background . medium long shot of kyuzo and kambei in back view , look at gorobei who be face they . katsushiro be still look over the wall into the trench . kambei begin to speak as he turn to walk back towards camera . kambeil they ;re get smarter . they will not try this again . a bird sing , off . nothing move . they all turn towards camera and then kambei turn back and look up the avenue again . medium long shot look up the desert , sunlit avenue . wipe to a high - angle medium shot of a unit of farmer sit in the trenches . Beyond they be seat kikuchiyo and rikichi and beyond they , in the sunlight , sit gorobei , kambei , kyuzo , and katsushiro with other villager behind they . kambei have the map spread out in front of he and they be hold a council or war . one of the villager in the foreground speak . villager they have be mollycoddle . they be not so tough ! they all laugh . High -angle medium shot of kambei seat on the ground with katsushiro , gorobei and kyuzo . they be all look towards the villager , out of shot . kambei smile and look round at the other . kambeil ( count on he finger ) four kill today , kyuzo kill two last night . High -angle close - up of the edge of kambei 's map show the circle and kambei 's hand . he cross out four circle in one column then camera pan with he hand as it go to the top of the next column and cross out two more . Music out . 155 . wipe to medium shot of katsushiro kneel beside kikuchiyo , who be lie on he back comfortably among the tree and shrub on the riverbank . katsushiro he have the real samurai spirit . he be totally fearless . yet , at the same time , he be gentle , and modest - look how he act after we go and get that gun . and how he go too - just as though he be go up into the hill to look for mushroom . medium close - up of katsushiro sit up , with kikuchiyo lie back in the foreground , he eye close . kikuchiyo ( bore ) you certainly be interesting . it certainly be interesting to hear you talk . he yawn and scratch he cheek . disappointed by kikuchiyo 's negative response , katsushiro get up and go to lean against the barricade where the bridge use to be in the background . he stand look out over the field , silhouett against the sky . kikuchiyo raise he head slightly and look towards he then settles back again . katsushiro go off and kikuchiyo look up again , then get up . High -angle medium shot of a group of villager . yohei stand between two man with he arm outstretch , be fitte into armor which be much too big for he . kikuchiyo appear and go up to he . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) yohei , look , you keep watch . kikuchiyo start to go away but yohei put out a hand to grab he . medium shot of yohei pull kikuchiyo back by he belt . he point fearfully . kikuchiyo shake himself free . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) oh , do not look like that . it 's safe enough . you will scare they off . he take hold of yohei 's breastplate . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) you will be we scarecrow . 156 . kikuchiyo go off laugh , leave the other man watch he fearfully , especially yohei . wipe to medium long shot of part of the forest - tangle branch and flower . kikuchiyo run up through the undergrowth , camera pan with he as he come nearer . hold as he stop and look round , then track past tree in the foreground as he run forward again . hold for a moment as he peer through the hang branch . a horse neigh , off . track back as he move forward again past camera then tilt up as he move away up a short slope . medium long shot of kikuchiyo see through leave and branch in the foreground . Pan , then hold as he run on up the hill frame by two branch . he halt beside a couple of horse which be tethere among the tree , and look round carefully . Pan leave past a tree trunk in the foreground , as he go across to where more horse be tethere . tilt down as he come down the hill to the bottom of the tree trunk , now see from above . tilt up with he as he climb the tree , use a creeper to haul himself up , then pan right as he crawl round the trunk and look down at the horse , tethere below in the background . suddenly , something move among the tree in the distance . High -angle general shot of the forest with a horse in the foreground . two bandit be run towards camera . tilt down as they dash up and untie two horse . a shot ring out and one of the bandit fall dead beside he horse ; the other look round in horror . low -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo peer round the branch of the tree in surprise . low -angle medium shot of the bandit with the body of he companion in the foreground , lie in front of the horse . the bandit jump to he foot , and camera pan leave as he start to run off . low -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo peer round the tree , grin . High -angle medium shot of the bandit jump onto one of the horse ; two other horse in the background among the tree . low -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo peer round the tree . he duck out of sight ; pan right across the tree trunk as he appear on the other side , with tree in the background . medium shot of the bandit on horseback , pan leave as he gallop away through the tree . suddenly , another shot ring out and he fall back . camera pan further as the horse slow down to a trot and the bandit roll off . 157 . low -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo peer round behind the tree , he mouth open with delight . he look round , grin , and then duck behind the tree again , camera pan leave across the tree trunk to pick he up again peer round the other side , still grin . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo , back to camera in the foreground , lean over the branch of the tree . two horse be still stand tethere in the background . something move in the distance and kikuchiyo duck down . a crowd of bandit appear in long shot , run towards camera . low -angle medium shot of the crowd of bandit with the two leader in front . one of the bandit carry a gun , they move towards camera and stop , a horse 's head visible in the foreground . on the grass at they foot lie the body of one of the dead bandit . they look down at it and then at each other . the horse circle round and trot away . the bandit captain come forward and kick the dead body . the bandit chief turn and look round at he man . bandit chief remember ! every coward here will get the same treatment . he look down at the dead body at he foot and raise he foot to kick it . medium close - up of the bandit chief as he snarl and smashes he fist down towards the dead body . other bandit behind he look frighten . he smashes the dead body two or three time . low - angle medium shot of the bandit . the bandit chief slashes out with he sword at the man behind he and the bandit back off on both side in fear . then the bandit chief turn away and stride off , follow by the captain . the other bandit stare down at the dead body for a moment , before finally turn and shuffle off after they chief . the man who the bandit chief slashed at be the last to go , and turn back to look at the body again . low -angle medium shot , look into the branch of the tree . kikuchiyo appear , peer round and down . he disappear behind the branch ; pan right and tilt down as he drop to the ground . Music in . he look from right to leave and then run towards camera , which pan right as he go up the slope , then tilt down as he run up to the dead body and bend down over it . High -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo from the side , bend over the dead body . the bandit 's head , its eye open , be lean back among the flower at a grotesque angle . kikuchiyo put out a finger and tap the dead man 's nose , then tickle he forehead . 158 . then he unty he own headband , drop it on the ground , and unfasten the bandit 's head gear . tilt up slightly as he stand up , grin , turn towards camera and fix it on he head . wipe to general shot of part of the forest with a steep bank on the leave . Pan right past the tree in the foreground as kikuchiyo run down the bank from the top . he turn towards camera , which pan quickly right again as he bound down through the tree . then he turn and run across frame , camera pan leave with he . he stop in medium close - up , panting and snuffing the air . he be now wear the bandit 's head gear and leather breastplate . he look carefully round from side to side , then camera pan right again as he bound off through the tree . Music out . tilt down as he bound down the slope , breathe loudly through he tooth , then go out of sight . High -angle medium shot of a bandit stand back to camera , waist-high in long grass , look through the tree . he be hold a gun . the roof of some house be visible down the hill . he think he see something and raise he gun , then change he mind and come back without turn round and sit down in the foreground . he be hold a slow match which he blow from time to time to keep it alight . a voice call , off , make he turn round and look up . kikuchiyo , dress as a bandit , run up in the foreground , back to camera , and sit down beside he . they both look down on the village . kikuchiyo how be everything ? bandit they be a tough bunch . kikuchiyo it 's all all be over soon . he reach over and take the gun and examine it . low - angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo and the bandit . bandit the whole thing be back to front . now we be burnt out and hungrier than they be . kikuchiyo ( handing the gun back ) do not complain . you misery will be over soon enough . 159 . bandit ( non-committally ) do you worst . kikuchiyo draw he sword and look thoughtfully at the blade . the bandit glance at the sword then look at kikuchiyo . he suddenly realize that he have never see kikuchiyo before and scream , then run away . kikuchiyo jump up to follow . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo from behind , continue he movement as he raise he sword and dash down the slope after the bandit . crane up as they run down into a clear and kikuchiyo , half - obscure by the branch of a tree , thrust he sword into the bandit 's back with a shout . giggle , he grab the gun and turn back towards camera . crane down as he bound back through the clear ; hold as he stop , examine the gun . a shout , off , make he turn he head , and he dash away . several bandit appear and dash off in pursuit . medium shot of katsushiro , gorobei , rikichi , kambei and kyuzo sit in a half circle at the base of the tree , near the beginning of the avenue . hear a sound , kambei jump to he foot . Pan leave across the path , to include some of the farmer lean over the barricade on the right , with the avenue stretch away beyond they . shout can be hear in the distance . suddenly , kikuchiyo appear in long shot run along the avenue towards camera . Long shot of kikuchiyo in the avenue , the bandit appear behind he in pursuit . he pause and look back at they , then , go down on one knee , shoot at they . he fall backwards from the recoil and all the bandit fall to the ground in a heap . he roll over on he back and then get up , start to run forward again , as the bandit retreat in the background . Close - up of kambei from the side , with kyuzo beside he , half - obscure , and rikichi in the background . kambei move forward , go out of shot , and revealing kyuzo . they be all look in the direction of kikuchiyo . reframe slightly to pick up kambei again . medium long shot of kikuchiyo in the avenue , run towards camera . Pan slightly leave as he come nearer , leaping up in the air . Close - up of kambei , three - quarter back to camera . he turn he head as kikuchiyo , in big-close - up , come into shot in the foreground , laugh , partly obscure he from view . Pan backwards and forward keep kikuchiyo in close - up as he move about triumphantly . kambei can be see look very stern each time he be include in the shot . kambeil you fool . medium close - up of kikuchiyo , puzzle , face kambei , with kyuzo , gorobei , katsushiro and rikichi watch they in the background . kambei ( cont 'd ) why do you leave you post ? kikuchiyo ( grinning and raise the gun ) I do not deserve to be talk to like that - look , I get the gun and the post be safe enough . Close - up of kambei , in three - quarter front view , look at kikuchiyo . kambeil you go off like that merit no praise at all . Big close - up of kambei and kikuchiyo with the other in the background . kambei ( cont 'd ) listen carefully - in war , you never fight individually . kikuchiyo frown and look at the gun . then he throw it down on the ground , in a fit of pique . suddenly , the sound of shouting , off , make they all look to the leave . kambei run off , pass in front of kikuchiyo , and the other follow in the background . kikuchiyo pause for a moment . Close - up of kikuchiyo , look to the leave , a puzzle frown on he face . then he follow the other . medium shot of kambei and gorobei from the side , stare forward in horror . High -angle long shot , look down the path to the village , where villager be fight , gradually be drive up the path by a troop of bandit . medium shot from the side of kyuzo , gorobei and kambei with katsushiro and rikichi behind , just in shot . kikuchiyo appear in the foreground . kambei turn to gorobei and kyuzo who lean forward towards he , three - quarter back to camera . kambei ( cont 'd ) gorobei ! kyuzo ! you guard this entrance ! 161 . kambei rush off to the right and the other turn and go off to the leave . katsushiro run past kikuchiyo to follow kambei . kikuchiyo stand alone look down towards the battle which be raging off-screen . then he suddenly bound away . High -angle medium shot of kyuzo and gorobei run into shot in the foreground at the end of the avenue . they take up they position on either side of the track , follow by the farmer , all back to camera . gorobeil ( turn to the farmer ) let no one through . hoofbeat , off . he turn away from camera , look up the path . horseman appear through the tree , gallop towards camera . medium shot of the bandit on they horse , reining in under the tree . the horse whinny and snort ; noise of hoofbeat ; dust rise around they . the bandit captain turn he horse and wave he sword at the other bandit . one of they beside he list a rifle and take aim . High -angle long shot , look up the avenue to the bandit on they horse . the bandit fire the gun . in the foreground , the farmer lead by kyuzo duck down behind the trench wall . medium shot of the farmer ducking down behind the protective wall . Long shot of a bandit gallop along the avenue towards camera , wave he sword . medium shot of the farmer crouching down behind the wall . kyuzo stand up and as the horseman gallop past , he slashes at he with he sword but do not succeed in halting he . he watch briefly as the horseman disappear , then turn and run off towards the avenue , follow by gorobei and all the farmer . medium shot continue the movement of the farmer ; they appear in the foreground , back to camera , dash after kyuzo as he run towards the rest of the bandit , who be now gallop forward , shouting . medium long shot of the village square . a battle be raging between villager and some bandit on foot who have get in from another way . the bandit run towards camera , go off in the foreground pursue by the villager with katsushiro and kikuchiyo . as they do so , a horse appear , gallop through the square with its rider , wounded by kyuzo , bent double over its neck . Pan right with the horse as it gallop towards camera . 162 . Long shot of the horse gallop through the village square , see through the bar of a window in one of the house . Pan right with it along the bar of the window , over the head of several woman in the foreground , all armed with club and pitchfork . medium long shot of the horse gallop through the square sa its rider roll off . Pan slightly right as he land heavily on the ground . medium long shot of the crowd of woman run out of the house and down a short slope towards camera , carry pick , hoe , sickle and other weapon . Pan leave as they run scream towards the fall bandit . low -angle medium close - up of the bandit lie on the ground . in the background , the woman run scream towards he , through cloud of dust . he start to crawl forward ; pan right with he , lose the woman . he stand up , terrify , wield he sword . medium close - up of the bandit form behind , continue he movement as he slashes out with he sword . Pan with he and tilt down as he fall to the ground again , revealing the woman 's leg run away . Pan continue , follow he from above , as he crawl very quickly up to the veranda of a house . tilt up slightly , to the bar of the veranda . medium shot of the side of the house , continue the pan to the leave as the woman rush up , scream . the bandit look round the entrance to the house and at they , sobbing with fear . Pan slightly further as they close in on he . medium close - up with the bar of the veranda in the foreground , tilt down with the bandit who be on the other side , try to crawl away from the woman who appear in the foreground , attack he through the bar . High -angle medium close - up of the bandit gibber behind the bar , with a woman 's arm jabbing at he with a pitchfork . he dodge about , try to escape the blow . medium shot , tracking right with katsushiro and kambei as they run yell though the village street , with katsushiro in the foreground , and kambei slashing at a bandit as he pass . shichiroji pass camera as well , follow they . the track continue as they battle they way through the village . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo in the foreground , battle with a bandit whose head and shoulder be in shot . behind he , katsushiro and some of the farmer be fight . track right with the battle . 163. High -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo , he face distort as he fight . other can be see fight in the background . a bandit appear in the foreground , attack he . medium long shot of bandit gallop through the wood towards camera . the leader carry a bow and take aim as they ride . medium long shot of the farmer among the tree at the end of the avenue , they scatter as the lead bandit gallop towards they . medium shot of the bandit with another behind he , gallop towards camera . the first man let fly a arrow . medium close - up of kyuzo and one of the farmer lean over one of the barrier with the wall of a house behind he . they duck down quickly and a arrow stick in the wall behind kyuzo , quivering . High -angle medium long shot of the farmer battle in the village street , among the house . Pan slightly right as they fall on a bandit who be obscure by the shadow . two horseman gallop past and camera pan leave as the farmer run after they , disappear and reappearing again . the pan continue across one of the house , lose the farmer again and pick up the bandit in high - angle long shot as they gallop into the village square . low -angle medium shot of the two horseman . Pan leave as they gallop past camera , and the lead horseman draw he bow again . medium long shot of part of the village square . the bowman gallop up , and woman can be see scatter in the foreground , and jump over fence in the background . the bowman shoot a arrow as he gallop through . medium shot of two woman from behind . a arrow hit one of they in the back , pin she , scream , up against the wall of a house . low -angle medium shot of one of the bandit , he head out of shot , run away through a ditch towards the bridge barricade , follow by several other . kikuchiyo appear in the foreground chase they , follow by some of he man . medium shot of the bandit leaping over the barricade into the river , pursue by the villager and kikuchiyo . medium shot continue the movement of the bandit as they leap down into the stream . tilt up slightly as they struggle across the stream and up onto the opposite bank . 164 . medium shot of shichiroji peer between two pole of the barricade with kikuchiyo in the middle wave he sword and shouting , and katsushiro and kambei stand beside he . medium shot of the bandit wading through the flood field , away from camera . medium shot of the four samurai lean over the barricade , watch . kikuchiyo be shouting triumphantly . kambei turn away . low -angle close - up of kambei in profile . the burial mound can be see behind he . kambeil good god ! two more get through ! as he speak , he start to move away , camera pan leave with he . medium shot of kikuchiyo on the barrier , with the other three samurai run away behind he . he look round and jump down . medium long shot of kikuchiyo and he man by the barrier with the dead body of a farmer lie in the ditch in the foreground , and another below the barricade . they be look out towards the flood field where the bandit can just be see run away in the distance . kikuchiyo look down at the body at he foot and pick it up to look at the face . medium long shot of the village square with the two horseman gallop around , scatter the villager who be try desperately to ward they off . the bowman ride towards camera . medium shot of the bowman , pan leave as he gallop across , he raise he bow high over he horse 's head , aim and let fly a arrow . medium shot of three man throw themselves to the ground . medium shot of the other horseman use he spear to ward off kambei , who be slashing at he with he sword . katsushiro join the battle . low -angle medium long shot of the bowman gallop round towards camera in the village square , pursue by some farmer . the other horseman be also gallop round the square , pursue by some other farmer , with kambei and katsushiro . 165 . medium shot of kikuchiyo with he man behind he , run away from the barricade towards the second dead boy , which lie in the pool of water in the foreground . he look down at it , pull it up to look at the face and then throw it down again and go back to face he man . kikuchiyo ( shout ) yohei ! where be yohei ?! medium shot of kambei lead he man through the village square ; pan slightly leave . he stop as katsushiro and shichiroji come up behind he . sound of hoofbeat , off . medium long shot of kambei and the other face camera , see through the leg of a horse in the foreground , the horse gallop away , follow by the second . the dust they raise obscure kambei and the other from view . medium shot pan right with the bowman as he gallop across , let a arrow fly . medium shot of a farmer run away . the arrow stick in he back , and camera tilt down as he fall on he face . low -angle medium shot of one of the horse gallop past . in the background , kambei and the other can be see scatter . the horse gallop away ; tilt up slightly as the other horseman follow . medium long shot of the two horseman gallop towards the farmer in the foreground . the first horseman pursue one of the farmer and cut he down , then gallop off . the man fall on the ground with a terrible cry . the other horseman gallop away , revealing katsushiro and kambei run towards camera . medium shot of kambei from the side , pan leave as he run , with two farmer in the foreground run to join he . they go off as katsushiro appear in the background . kambei stop , and camera hold on he as katsushiro run off . more farmer appear in the background . Pan slightly as kambei back , and the sound of hoofbeat get louder . the farmer in the background scatter . kambei raise he sword as the first horseman gallop past he . medium shot of the second bandit with he spear lower , charge towards camera . Pan slightly leave as he approach , revealing kambei 's head in back view in the foreground . the bandit charge at kambei with he spear . kambei parry the blow with he sword . 166 . medium shot , from the side , of the horseman gallop past kambei , who stand three - quarter back to camera in the foreground . medium close - up of the bandit on he horse , look back towards kambei . Pan with he as he gallop past , follow the other horseman . medium long shot of kikuchiyo run through the village square ; very fast pan leave until he catch up with the horseman with the spear . the horseman gallop away but the pan continue with kikuchiyo , who run on , join by kambei and some of the other . medium close - up of the bowman aim a arrow ; very fast pan as he gallop away . medium shot of yohei run towards camera , pursue by the bowman who let a arrow fly . Pan leave with yohei as he run past , go away from camera , with a arrow stick out of he back . the bowman gallop on past . hold on yohei as he sink to he knee with a strangle cry . medium long shot of kikuchiyo as he run forward with other villager behind he . Pan leave with he , lose the other , as he run towards camera , then tilt down as he go past a post and down onto he knee beside yohei , who be lie on he face with the arrow stick out of he back . kikuchiyo put a hand on he shoulder . kikuchiyo ( cont 'd ) ( anguish ) yohei ! he pull the arrow out of yohei 's back and toss it away . then he try to lift the old farmer up , bend down and look at he . yohei ( hardly able to speak ) I do my best as lookout , but you will have to fight twice as hard now . he fall forward , dead . another arrow fall just behind they , stick into the ground . kikuchiyo look up furiously ; pan leave with he as he duck down under the fence and tilt up slightly , then hold as he run back into the middle of the village square , turn to face the horseman who be riding up in the foreground . the horseman gallop up to he , hit out with he spear , but kikuchiyo slashes and thrust with he sword . Pan slightly further as the horse whinny , buck and turn , and then gallop away as its rider begin to fall . 167 . low -angle medium close - up of the horse 's leg visible in the foreground , gallop past , as the bandit fall heavily to the ground , just behind it . medium long shot of the bandit lie on the ground with kikuchiyo and two of the villager fall on he . kikuchiyo go down on one knee beside he , back to camera , and plunge he sword viciously into he back . the other two man prod the body with they spear . medium long shot of kikuchiyo and the farmer by the dead body . the other horse gallop into shot in the foreground and kikuchiyo leap to he foot , dash off in pursuit as it go off -screen , follow by kambei , shichiroji and katsushiro , who appear in the foreground with a crowd of the farmer . High -angle medium close - up of the horse 's back , pan very quickly as it move across frame . tilt up and hold as it gallop away up the path lead out of the village , revealing kikuchiyo , kambei and katsushiro , chase after it in the foreground . low -angle medium long shot of the horse , only its leg visible , gallop towards camera , see between two bar of a fence . in the background , kikuchiyo and kambei can just be see dash forward with other run along behind they . Pan slightly right as the horse sidestep in front of the bar revealing katsushiro in the background , see between its leg . the horse , whinnying and sidestepping , turn and gallop away from camera , revealing kikuchiyo run forward , prepare to strike with he sword . High -angle medium long shot of the bandit on he horse . kikuchiyo run along beside he as he gallop towards the villager and samurai assemble face he in the foreground . Pan slightly leave as the horse come forward ; all the villager hold up they spear to bar its way , with kambei and shichiroji hold up they sword directly in front of it and kikuchiyo and katsushiro rush up from behind . Pan further as the horse gallop on through ; then hold as shichiroji manage to catch hold of part of the bandit 's clothing and pull he off . the farmer and samurai immediately surround the bandit with kambei in the center , slashing at the body with he sword . sound of a rifle shot on the cut to high - angle medium close - up of the villager , in back view , surround the body . kambei can be see just beyond they , face camera , with katsushiro behind he . they all jump back , look anxiously in the direction of the sound . Pan right with kambei as he turn and leave the group . hold as another shot ring out and distant shouting can be hear . he begin to run , call back as he do so . kambeil shichiroji , take over ! track right with he as he run through the village square . High -angle medium long shot of kambei , katsushiro and kikuchiyo run towards camera . crane down and pan leave as they run past . medium shot , look towards the end of the avenue of tree . kambei , katsushiro and kikuchiyo appear , run round one of the cover trenches , towards the avenue . there be no one else there . silence . medium shot from the side , as kambei stop with katsushiro and kikuchiyo behind he and part of the cover trench in the foreground . they all look up the avenue . kambei ( cont 'd ) oh! gorobei! samurai theme in , play slowly by a solo horn . he run out of shot , follow by katsushiro . kikuchiyo pause for a moment , sword in hand , look with horror towards the avenue . High -angle medium shot of a crowd of villager carry gorobei 's body on a litter , lead by kyuzo . they walk very slowly towards camera , look down at gorobei , and stop as kambei and katsushiro join they . kambei come over beside kyuzo and put he hand on gorobei 's body . kambei ( cont 'd ) ( sorrowfully ) gorobei ! with anguish in he voice , he repeat the name . kambei ( cont 'd ) gorobei ! gorobei! tilt down slightly as the villager slowly lower the body to the ground , then go down on they knee in a half - circle , bow they head , with gorobei lie on he back in the center . medium shot of kikuchiyo stand beside the hut , stare forward . his shoulder heave and he drop down onto he knee , bow he head . wipe to a high - angle medium shot of the top of a bamboo spear , light from below , against a black night sky . tilt down and pan slightly leave to show the spear stick upright in the top of a mound and beyond it , two other burial mound surmounted by samurai sword . kikuchiyo be sit with head bent beside they . medium long shot of a group of villager sit around a fire at the foot of the burial hill . behind they , kikuchiyo can be see sit at the top of the hill , with the two samurai mound at the top and three mound with spear stick in they below . High -angle close - up of kambei 's hand ; pan with it as it cross off five more circle on the side of the map . medium close - up of kambei kneel down , see from the side , with kyuzo and katsushiro sit face camera , just beyond he . they be look down at the map . kambei cross out two more circle . Music out . kambei ( cont 'd ) ( wearily ) there be thirteen leave . but that last seven cost we a lot . he turn to the other two , look closely at katsushiro , whose head suddenly nod forward , as he fall asleep . kyuzo look at he also , and then he and kambei look at one another . High -angle medium shot of a crowd of villager , back to camera , with they spear propped up on they shoulder , most of they asleep . in the background , kyuzo and kambei sit beside a blaze fire , look towards they . between they , katsushiro be sit with he head bow , fast asleep . medium shot , from the side , of shichiroji , sit cross - legge , lean on he spear . villager can be see behind he , propped up against the inner barricade , most of they asleep . a fire burn in the background light up the large barricade . medium shot of kyuzo , kambei and katsushiro . kambei turn to katsushiro , whose head be bow . kambei ( cont 'd ) katsushiro ! he do not wake . kambei ( cont 'd ) katsushiro ! katsushiro suddenly wake up and lift he head , look towards kambei . 170 . wipe to medium long shot of katsushiro , pan right as he run down and away from camera , towards the barricade . medium close - up of katsushiro , with shichiroji in the foreground , back to camera , only he head and shoulder in frame . katsushiro kambei say you be to try and get some sleep now . two sentries will keep watch . also , the man can visit they family , one by one . High -angle medium close - up of shichiroji face camera with katsushiro , back to camera , in the foreground . shichiroji so tomorrow be the big fight then ? reverse -angle medium close - up of katsushiro with shichiroji in the foreground . katsushiro I think so . please spread the word . he dash away . High -angle medium long shot look towards the barricade as katsushiro run back towards camera . shichiroji begin to stand up . medium close - up from the side , continue shichiroji 's movement , as he pull himself up on he spear . tilt up with he and pan slightly leave as he turn to face he man . he walk towards a group of they sit around by the inner barricade , and stand look down at they . shichiroji well , you hear the order . he turn back towards camera . shichiroji ( cont ’d ) I ’1ll keep the watch . Pan right with he as he turn and walk over to manzo . shichiroji ( cont ’d ) you , manzo , you run home now and see you daughter . he grin . 171. shichiroji ( cont 'd ) I mean you son . he chuckle . manzo do not move at this remark about shino , but stand and look embarrassed . medium long shot in the village , look towards a large bonfire in the distance , surround by people . another bonfire burn in the foreground . katsushiro walk wearily towards camera . suddenly , shino run across he path and disappear behind the flame of the bonfire for a moment . quiet music in . katsushiro stop and look after she . medium shot of katsushiro , back to camera , look towards shino , who stand look back at he on the other side of the bonfire . she be no longer dress as a boy but wear a flower - pattern kimono . they stand stare at one another for a moment and then katsushiro begin to walk slowly towards she . low -angle medium shot of shino stand face camera with the flame of the bonfire flaring up in the foreground . she turn and run towards a hut behind she , then look back . reverse -angle medium shot of katsushiro , with the fire blaze in the background . he take a few step forward . medium shot of shino stand beside the door of the hut . still stare towards katsushiro , she back towards it . low -angle medium shot of katsushiro . he walk towards camera . medium close - up of shino . she back a couple of step again , still stare towards katsushiro , out of shot . low -angle medium close - up of katsushiro . he move forward . medium close - up of shino . she turn and go to stand on the threshold of the hut , and look back again . then she back through the entrance , disappear into the darkness . medium shot of katsushiro from behind , with the fire blaze in the foreground . he walk slowly away from camera towards the entrance of the hut , pause , and then duck down and go in . shino can just be see darting forward to pull the door to . medium shot of katsushiro and shino inside the hut . through the entrance , the fire can be see blaze outside in the background . continue she movement , shino grab katsushiro 's hand and pull the door close with she free hand . Music out . they stare at each other . 172 . shino ( desperately sobbing ) we be go to die , be not we ? all of we , go to die tomorrow , be not we ? katsushiro maybe not . shino ( pull he towards she ) but we probably will , will not we , will not we ? she fling she arm round he shoulder ; pan right as they fall against the wall of the hut , cling to each other . then , still clasped together , they begin to fall towards camera . High -angle medium close - up continue they movement as they fall onto the straw matting on the ground . they lie together , breathe heavily , shino still sobbing slightly , lock in a passionate embrace . the firelight through the bamboo wall cover they with a flicker , stripe pattern . medium shot of village woman all lie asleep on the floor of a hut . manzo come in through the door in the background and look round . manzo ( whisper ) shino ! he step over one of the sleep body , look round , and call louder . manzo ( cont 'd ) where be you , shino ? he lift the head of one of the woman lie just beside he , but it be not shino . he continue to pick he way among the sleep body , call shino 's name . fade out . fade in on a low - angle medium long shot of the samurai banner , flutter on the top of the roof , against the sky . it be pour with rain . medium long shot of katsushiro , kyuzo and kambei stand look up towards the avenue . in the foreground , the villager be crouching down beside the trench wall , with they spear at the ready . suddenly , the three samurai draw they sword at exactly the same time . they kambei turn towards the villager . 173 . kambeil there be only thirteen leave , so we be go to let they all in at once . ( gesture with he sword ) as soon as they pass we , we will follow and trap they inside . ( point ) this be the final battle . it will decide the outcome . he turn back and look up the avenue again . medium shot through the entrance of a hut with villager in back view in the foreground , look out . outside , shichiroji walk up and stand look up the street . he turn and take a few step towards he man , who crouch down in the foreground . shichiroji hey ! suddenly , he run off . Pan leave past the wall of the hut and track back slightly to reveal shichiroji just visible on the other side of the bamboo fence , shouting at some other man on the other side of the village street . the man look rather deject . track back with shichiroji , then hold , as he walk into medium shot and turn back towards they , still harangue they . he stand three - quarter back to camera , lean on he spear . shichiroji ( cont 'd ) look up , now ! what you need to win this battle be real fight spirit ! medium long shot of shichiroji stand , back to camera , in the middle of the village street . his man be huddle on either side of the street get what shelter they can from the pour rain . suddenly , some weapon be throw across frame in the foreground and land on the ground , just out of sight . shichiroji turn towards camera at the noise . then two sword appear and a hand stick they in the ground as shichiroji turn and begin to run up a short slope . Pan slightly right to reveal kikuchiyo stick sword into a slightly raise bank in front of he as shichiroji come up . shichiroji ( cont 'd ) kikuchiyo ! what be you do ? kikuchiyo when you kill - you kill . 174 . kikuchiyo draw he own sword and they both turn away from camera , and begin to walk back along the street . Pan back slightly leave , as they go and take up they position , back to camera , look up the track between the house . medium long shot of katsushiro , kyuzo and kambei see from the side near the end of the avenue , look up it . in the foreground , they band of man be crouching down behind the stone wall . faint sound of hoofbeat through the rain . suddenly , kambei move across and take up he position behind a tall tree trunk , with katsushiro behind he . kyuzo duck down and the man in the foreground shuffle backwards leave a wide path for the bandit to come through . High -angle long shot look down through the tree to the track in the forest . a horseman gallop down it follow by other . Pan slightly leave with they . medium close - up of kambei , sword at the ready , with katsushiro and rikichi behind he . sound of hoofbeat and the rain fall . medium long shot of one of the bandit gallop through the forest . Pan slightly leave as he ride off , follow by all the other , splash across a small stream . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo . hear the sound of the distant hoofbeat , he crouch down at the ready . his five extra sword be stick in the earth in the foreground . in the background , the other man crouch down beside the house . kikuchiyo begin to run forward . medium long shot look down towards the track , as kikuchiyo run away from camera , with shichiroji behind he . they stop for a moment and then kikuchiyo raise he sword and yell . they man begin to run out from they hide - place . medium long shot look up the avenue , as the bandit ride into view through the relentless rain . in the foreground , kyuzo be bend low , peer over one of the stone wall . the first bandit gallop past unimpeded . Pan slightly leave as more follow . Pan continue past one of the upright of a hut ; the horse 's leg can be see gallop past . on the other side of the path , kambei , he head obscure , can be see crouching down at the ready beside the tree trunk . medium close - up of kambei with kikuchiyo , rikichi and another man behind they . kambei look towards the retreate horseman ; very fast pan leave as he run off after they . hold as he go off , swiftly follow by katsushiro and all the other villager . 175 . High -angle medium long shot of kikuchiyo and shichiroji with they band of villager retreate from the end of the avenue as the hoofbeat sound louder . medium shot of the first two bandit gallop round past the house , camera pan with they . medium close - up of kikuchiyo from the side , pan very quickly to the right as he charge forward yell . one of the bandit flash past he and kikuchiyo slashes out at he so fast that he movement be just a blur in the rain . medium shot of kikuchiyo wave he sword by the side of a path . tilt down as he lose he balance and fall backwards down a bank as more bandit gallop by in the background . he get swiftly to he foot again . low -angle medium shot from behind of two of the villager , splash through the mud . a horse 's leg come into shot in the foreground , obscure they from view . low -angle medium shot of shichiroji charge towards a fence in the background with he spear hold out in front of he . a horse pass between he and the fence , obscure he from view . it gallop away very fast , revealing shichiroji again , momentarily . another horse come into shot , jump over the fence from the foreground ; tilt down with its rider as he fall to the ground . High -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo crouching down on the ground , wield he sword . very fast pan as he slashes out at two horse which gallop past in quick succession , they leg move across frame in the foreground . the horse go off revealing kikuchiyo down on he knee in a rain - fill ditch . medium close - up of a horse 's leg gallop past camera . its rider fall off and land heavily in a shower of mud as the horse disappear . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo get to he foot , now cover with mud , and brandish he sword . another horse gallop across in the foreground and kikuchiyo lash out at the rider from behind . low -angle medium shot of the bandit landing in the mud as a horse 's leg gallop by , in soft focus . another horse pass , and yet another bandit land on the ground . villager can be see rush up to the first bandit behind he as he try to get to he knee . High -angle medium shot , pan swiftly with another horseman as he gallop round behind kikuchiyo , who slashes out at he . 176 . High -angle medium shot of the horse in the foreground with its rider fall off . some villager rush forward in the background . the rider land with a splash in the mud as another bandit gallop by . tilt up slightly as he roll over and over . medium shot of kikuchiyo down on he knee in the mud . a bandit gallop by and break the blade of kikuchiyo 's sword in half , leave only a short length of metal near the hilt . another horseman gallop by as kikuchiyo furiously toss the useless sword away . High -angle medium long shot of kikuchiyo continue he movement as he throw the sword away and run splash through the mud . the battle continue in the background with farmer fight with fall bandit and horseman gallop around . kikuchiyo run towards he supply of sword stick in the mound of earth . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo grab another sword from the mound . Pan slightly leave as he leap round beside shichiroji who be stand just behind he . at that moment , kambei and katsushiro come run down the path towards camera , lead they man . they exchange hasty word and then part company , shichiroji run off after katsushiro and kambei turn to run towards camera , with kikuchiyo in the foreground . kambei come up onto the mound and , stick he sword in the ground , lean down and pick up a bow and arrow from the supply of arm that kikuchiyo have gather there . low -angle medium shot of the bandit gallop into shot at the foot of the burial mound . Pan slightly right as they wheel they horse round and gallop back to attack again . medium shot of the bandit , tracking sideways with they as they gallop through the village square , past some post and a fence in the foreground . medium shot from the side of kikuchiyo with some of he man , move back as they watch the approach bandit off -screen . very fast pan leave , lose kikuchiyo and he man , to medium close - up of kambei . he hold he bow high above he head , draw the arrow back . medium close - up of one of the bandit chief gallop along , camera pan with he ; hold as he rein in he horse , wave he sword , and then gallop back the way he come . medium close - up from the side of kambei calmly aim the arrow . he let it fly . low -angle medium close - up of the horse 's hoof gallop through the mud . as they pass , one of the bandit land face down in the mud with a arrow in he back . 177 . High -angle medium shot of four of the bandit gallop across the screen , camera pan leave with they ; hold as they wheel they horse round and pan right as they gallop back in the other direction . low -angle medium shot of a horse 's leg throw up mud as it gallop past , follow by another . medium shot of kambei , back to camera , prepare to loose another arrow . kyuzo and some of the villager duck down towards he , ready for the attack . kambei let he arrow fly . low -angle medium shot of horse 's leg gallop by through the mud . as a second horse pass , another bandit land on he back on the ground with a arrow through he chest . medium shot , pan with one of the bandit leader and some other bandit as they gallop across to the low mound in the middle of the square , where kambei be stand with the other villager . kambei slashes out at the two lead horseman with he sword . Pan back as they wheel they horse round and the villager close in round they with they spear . low -angle medium shot of a horse 's leg gallop towards camera and go off in the foreground . other horse pass by and some villager can be see in the background . low -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo , leg apart , prepare for the attack . a horse gallop past behind he and another in the foreground . he strike out and fall over in the mud as the horse gallop away . hold on kikuchiyo as he get to he foot . he chase after they as kyuzo appear with some of he man . High -angle medium shot of one of the bandit leader on he horse with two other bandit behind he ; pan let with he then hold as he stop at the edge of one of the flood field and wheel round towards camera . the other bandit do the same . Pan with they as they gallop off , then hold for a moment as the last bandit come past on he horse and slip off onto the muddy ground , look behind he as he do so . very fast pan leave as he run through the mud , back towards the flood field . low -angle medium close - up of the bandit 's foot run through the mud . tilt up as he reach the barricade and start to climb up . at that moment , katsushiro and rikichi appear in back view in the foreground . tilt up further as the bandit climb the barricade , but katsushiro reach he in time and thrust he sword into he back . track back slightly and tilt down as katsushiro back off and the bandit fall back into the mud . 178 . katsushiro , he head out of frame , watch in the foreground as the bandit writhes in agony for a moment and then finally lie still . katsushiro drop down onto he knee , exhaust . medium close - up from the side of shichiroji inside one of the house with he spear hold out in front of he , prodding at something on the right . manzo appear in the foreground for a second , help shichiroji prod with he spear . medium shot , pan slightly with a bandit who be cower in the corner of the house , partly obscure by a pillar in the foreground . he be be prodd constantly by shichiroji and manzo . tilt down slightly as he stagger forward against the flimsy wall of the hut , break it as he fall . medium close - up of shichiroji and manzo in the foreground , lung forward with they spear . Pan right with shichiroji as he step forward for the coup de grace . medium shot , outside the hut . tilt down and pan to the right as the bandit fall through the wall of the hut , bring a piece of it down with he , with shichiroji 's spear stick out of he back . he writhes and gurgle and then roll over , dead . medium shot of the entrance to the hut as some of the farmer come out , carry they spear , follow by shichiroji and manzo . shichiroji pause for a moment at the door of the hut and call . shichiroji katsushiro ! rikichi ! medium shot of katsushiro and rikichi crouch in front of the corpse with the barricade in the background . shichiroji ( cont ’d ) ( off , shouting ) katsushiro ! katsushiro look up towards camera . medium shot of shichiroji outside the hut with manzo and the other man run off behind he . shichiroji ( cont ’d ) ( shout towards katsushiro ) katsushiro , go to the eastern section ! medium shot of katsushiro and rikichi by the barricade . katsushiro get to he foot and go off in the foreground , follow by rikichi and another man who be previously out of shot . 179 . medium shot of shichiroji with he man follow he and the barricade in the background ; they run off in the foreground . then katsushiro appear , jump over one of the inner wall . he run off after shichiroji with rikichi and the other man behind he . they be all splash though the mud which be now ankle -deep . medium close - up of several woman , back to camera , stare into the village square through the bar window of a hut . Pan leave over they head as shichiroji and he unit run past in the rain outside . the woman crane they neck to watch , then suddenly one of they turn towards camera and scream . they all turn , back against the window , shriek hysterically ; pan slightly right as they jostle each other . medium close - up of the bandit chief , carry a gun , as he run towards camera follow by another bandit . he duck down through the entrance of the hut , camera pan with he in close - up , three - quarter back view . tilt up slightly as , follow by he henchman , he walk threateningly towards the woman , who cower against the back wall of the hut . bandit chief you will be quiet or you will die . Pan with the bandit chief as he turn away from the woman , leave he henchman on guard , and walk over to one of the bar window . track in slightly to show he in back view as he stare through the bar into the village square . horseman gallop past in the background . medium long shot of three horseman gallop towards camera and wheeling they horse round . in the background , four other riderless horse can be see canter towards they , follow by a crowd of villager . medium shot of three of the riderless horse , gallop towards camera , pursue by kikuchiyo . track back slightly as the horse go off with kikuchiyo bound through the mud after they . medium long shot of the three horseman , back to camera , in the middle of the village square , with the three riderless horse gallop towards they and the crowd of villager lead by kikuchiyo chase after . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo with the horse 's head in the foreground . very fast pan as he run across the square drive they forward . they go off in the foreground and a mount bandit appear , obscure kikuchiyo from view . the horse go half out of shot , revealing kikuchiyo slashing at its rider with he sword . 180 . Big close - up of one of the horse 's hoof splash in the mud , with the village square visible in the background . the horse disappear as , with a terrible cry , its rider fall on he back in a shower of mud . short , very fast pan with the body as it be drag through the mud , still attach to the saddle by one foot . High -angle medium shot of the horse 's leg , tracking very fast as it gallop along drag the bandit through the mud . hold as it move away from camera follow another horse , and some villager in the foreground run forward to attack . High -angle medium shot of villager run away from camera , pursue a horseman and the loose animal drag its rider through the mud . Pan slightly and tilt up as the horse gallop away round the corner , follow by the villager . medium shot of the bandit captain on he horse , circle round and round , with kikuchiyo beside he , attack with he sword . when the horse circle , it reveal kyuzo and kambei attack on the other side . villager 's spear can be see on either side of the frame as they surround the horse . medium long shot of the bandit captain on he horse with the villager and the samurai half surround it . there be a large pool of water in the foreground . the horse circle round and round as the bandit captain try to ward off the blow . High -angle medium close - up of the horse 's leg , pan very fast with it as it circle round and round in the mud . the villager 's leg can be make out dodging about in the background . low -angle medium close - up of kikuchiyo with the horse 's rump in the foreground and shichiroji just behind he . Pan leave with kikuchiyo as he circle round , roaring and attack with he sword . the whole scene be partly obscure by the rain and mud . low -angle medium shot of two of the villager attack with they spear with the horse 's rump in the foreground . the horse back across the frame , obscure they from view . medium shot of the bandit captain on he horse with kambei visible in the background and some villager just in frame on the right . Pan slightly with the horse as it back , medium shot of the bandit captain on he horse as the animal rear up , with kyuzo in front of he and the villager and other samurai surround he . they slash at he with they sword and spear but he manage to break through . 181 . low -angle medium close - up of kyuzo and kikuchiyo with the horse behind they , only its leg in shot . very fast pan with the horse , lose the two samurai , as it circle round , come nearer to camera . High -angle medium close - up of the bandit captain , back to camera on he horse , with the villager in the background and kyuzo beside he on the ground attack with he sword . kyuzo finally make contact and the bandit captain start to fall backwards . High -angle medium shot of the large pool of water . the horse stumble into shot on the right , go down onto its knee in the pool , and the bandit captain tumble headlong into the water in the foreground . the horse struggle to get to its foot . medium shot with kyuzo in the foreground and kambei next to he . rikichi stand beside kambei , with shichiroji behind he , he spear erect , and kikuchiyo just visible beyond . camera pan slightly leave as they come up and stand by the edge of the pool and kambei look down towards the bandit captain , who be out of shot . kambeil kyuzo , well do ! everyone shout with delight . then a different shout make they turn and run back across the mud-filled square , camera pan right as they move away from it . kyuzo be the last to go . as they cross the square , a shot ring out and camera hold as kyuzo fall to the ground . the other all freeze and turn to look back at he in horror . medium shot of kikuchiyo and katsushiro with some of the villager , stare towards kyuzo , off-screen . medium shot of kyuzo on he knee in the mud with kambei behind he and the villager all watch , he clutches he stomach and try to get to he foot . camera pan leave as he stager through a muddy puddle almost on he knee . he grasp he sword , stand and then fling it away from he as he topple on he face . katsushiro scream . medium shot of katsushiro and kikuchiyo rush towards kyuzo who lie in the foreground . camera tilt down as katsushiro fall on he knee with a strangle cry and try to lift kyuzo 's body . he sob bitterly as kambei and several of the villager rush and pick up the mud-stain body . kambei pull the weep katsushiro away as three of the villager carry the body off , camera pan right with they , pick up shichiroji as he urge they out of the line of fire . 182 . medium long shot of kikuchiyo in the middle of the square with katsushiro and kambei . katsushiro lurch forward in a fury to where the shot come from , camera pan with he , lose kambei . kikuchiyo run with he and force he out of the way , push he down into the mud . camera pan further with kikuchiyo as he rush up to the terrace in front of the house where the shot come from . medium long shot of kambei and shichiroji splash through the village square which the rain have turn into a quagmire , katsushiro still lie face down in the middle . kambei ( cont 'd ) ( shout desperately ) kikuchiyo , kikuchiyo ! medium shot from the side of kikuchiyo come to the door of the hut . he be about to wrench it open when another shot ring out and he fall backwards , camera tilting down with he . medium shot of kambei , horror-struck . he start forward . High -angle medium shot of kikuchiyo outside the hut . he try to sit up , clutching he stomach . with a tremendous effort , he get to he foot and lurch towards the door of the hut . camera pan right along the outside wall to one of the window . through it , the woman can be see cower against the further wall as kikuchiyo stagger in . the bandit chief can also just be make out stand inside . medium shot look towards the entrance of the hut . the bandit chief 's henchman back out , still look in at the scene . medium long shot look in through the bar window . camera pan with kikuchiyo as , clutching he stomach , he gradually walk towards the bandit chief with a terrible look on he face . the latter back away , while the woman watch fearfully , crouch in the background , camera pan further along the outer wall as kikuchiyo drive the bandit chief through to the outer part of the building at the back . the bandit chief go out of shot for a moment , then the pan continue as kikuchiyo , still clutching he stomach , gradually close in on he . the bandit chief be still carry the gun and stare at kikuchiyo , amaze that he be still alive . they come out of the house at the back . with a final effort , kikuchiyo lunge forward and run the bandit chief through . camera tilt down and hold as they both fall to the ground at the edge of a small bridge . medium close - up of the bandit chief and kikuchiyo lie on the bridge . the bandit chief roll over , and camera tilt down as he body fall lifeless into the stream . 183. medium shot of kikuchiyo , lie spreadeagled on the bridge . medium long shot of kambei , katsushiro and shichiroji run between the fence towards camera follow by a crowd of villager . camera crane down as they do so to reveal kikuchiyo lie on the bridge in the foreground . the three samurai splash through the stream . camera tilt down further as they stand in the stream beside the bridge look up at kikuchiyo 's body . kambei and shichiroji both call he name . kikuchiyo do not move . suddenly , a horse neigh and all three turn away again . camera crane up again lose kikuchiyo , as they run back to join the villager in the square . Three riderless horse gallop past ; hold as they be follow by several more . suddenly , katsushiro run forward . medium shot from behind of katsushiro run backwards and forward in front of kambei , shichiroji and the villager , shouting hysterically . camera pan to and for with he . katsushiro ( scream hysterically ) the bandit , the bandit ! hold as kambei grab he arm and look at he sternly . kambet all dead ! with a terrible cry , katsushiro sink to he knee in front of kambei , camera tilting down with he . he begin to sob bitterly . High -angle medium long shot of shichiroji and kambei stand back to camera in the middle of the village square with katsushiro on he knee beside they . crowd of villager , also in back view , be stand on either side . they all begin to drop down on they knee . a horse whinny somewhere , off , and katsushiro continue to sob . medium shot of katsushiro on he knee , sobbing , kambei in the center and shichiroji stand beside he . the villager can be see kneel in the background . kambei lean on he sword and shichiroji on he spear . they look at each other , breathless and exhaust . kambei ( cont 'd ) ( to shichiroji , in a low voice ) again - we have survive . low -angle medium long shot of the flag fly of top of the thatched roof . a horse neigh , off , as the wind blow flurry of rain across the thatch . fade out . 184 . fade in on high - angle medium long shot of a group of village man stand knee - deep in one of the flood field play drum and flute . they be sway about in time with the music . among they be rikichi play a drum which he have hang round he neck . High -angle long shot across the paddy field , a line of woman in the foreground plant rice . behind they , the band play , back to camera , and in the background , more woman and man of the village be also plant rice . some child run along one of the raise bank between two field while the planter bend and straighten in time with music . High -angle medium shot of two woman in the paddy field . camera track back to show four of they in line , plant rice shoot and step back exactly in time with the music . High -angle medium shot of rikichi and another man play they drum , with the paddy field stretch out behind they . they be sway and chant a song . Long shot of two woman and a man in the paddy field . High -angle medium shot of manzo play the flute with another man bang a hand drum , the flood field behind they . medium long shot of woman plant , man rake the field and two child hurry across one of the raise bank carry bag of rice shoot . medium shot of manzo , back to camera , and another of the musician , sway backwards and forward as they play . two woman face camera , plant in the foreground , and there be a area of plant rice between they and the two man . camera track sideways over the paddy field show the work progress happily . medium shot from behind of kambei and shichiroji stand on the bridge over the stream , with katsushiro nearest camera , watch the villager plant rice in the distance . the hill rise up behind they and the music and chant can be faintly hear . medium close - up of kambei with shichiroji and katsushiro behind he , all look towards the field with the house of the village in the background . High -angle medium close - up of rikichi chant and play the drum with manzo just beyond he play the flute . rikichi look happy and he slap he thigh and smile as he shout out the rhythmic chant . 185 . medium close - up of kambei with shichiroji and katsushiro behind he . kambei look down rather sadly and turn away . medium shot of kambei turn towards camera with shichiroji in three - quarter back view beside he , and katsushiro in the foreground , back to camera . kambei walk away and the other turn to watch he go . medium shot of shichiroji look over he shoulder in the direction of the paddy field with katsushiro stand beside he . kambei be walk away along the path . camera pan slightly as the other two turn to follow he . medium long shot of kambei from the side walk along and look up towards the burial hill where , silhouett against the sky , be the grave of the four dead samurai with they sword stand upright in they . kambei stop as shichiroji and katsushiro join he and they all stand back to camera look up towards the grave . then they look towards the paddy field . shichiroji and kambei turn back to the grave again , but something catch katsushiro 's eye and he step onto the path , look at something off -screen . a line of woman trot past behind he carry yoke with pannier full of rice shoot hang from they . katsushiro turn to watch they , as do kambei and shichiroji . the last girl in the line stop in front of katsushiro . it be shino . Close - up of shino wear a hat and scarf , with the yoke on she shoulder . she stare up towards katsushiro , off-screen . low -angle close - up of katsushiro with one of the samurai grave behind he , silhouett against the sky . he stare searchingly towards shino and take a few step forward . Close - up of shino look towards he rather fearfully . she lower she head and go off . Close - up of katsushiro frown . the top of shino 's hat can be see pass behind he ; he turn to watch she go , then move out of shot . medium long shot of kambei and shichiroji stand at the foot of the burial hill with katsushiro walk away , back to camera . the two older samurai watch he go . shichiroji turn to look at kambei then back in the direction of katsushiro . medium close - up of katsushiro with kambei and shichiroji stand on the path in the background . katsushiro frown , stare at something out of shot . low -angle medium shot , of shino from behind , camera tilting down slightly as she bend to pick up a bundle of rice shoot . Beyond she , a line of other woman can be see plant . 186 . shino turn and look over she shoulder and then make she way through the waterlogged paddy field to take she place among the woman . medium close - up of katsushiro watch she , with kambei and shichiroji behind he . medium close - up of kambei with shichiroji beside he nearest camera . they look towards the paddy field and then turn they head slightly to look in the direction of katsushiro . medium shot of katsushiro , back to camera , stand on the bridge . the paddy field stretch away beyond he and the line of woman plant rice can just be see . the chant and music continue as the woman sway , bend and plant in time with the music . High -angle medium close - up of rikichi joyfully shouting he chant . low -angle close - up of shino bend down , she face half obscure by the brim of she hat . she raise a muddy hand to wipe she brow and straighten up , camera tilting up with she . camera tilt down again as she begin plant again and join in the song , but look rather sad . medium close - up of katsushiro with kambei and shichiroji in the background . medium shot of kambei and shichiroji look towards katsushiro , off-screen . shichiroji look round at kambei , then stare back towards the field . kambei lower he head and look at the ground . he take a few step towards camera and then stop , look back towards the paddy field . then he turn and walk back to stand beside shichiroji again . kambei ( cont 'd ) we have lose again . shichiroji be surprised . he look questioningly at kambei . kambei ( cont 'd ) no , the farmer be the winner . he look down . kambei ( cont 'd ) not we . kambei turn away from camera and look up ; shichiroji do likewise ; the camera tilt up the side of the burial hill , lose the two samurai and hold on the four samurai burial mound silhouett against the sky . 187 . the samurai theme come in over the plant music as the wind blow up the dust among the mound . as the theme continue , the picture fade out and the word ' the end 's come up on the black screen ; as they fade out again , the music come to a climax and end . the end