Seven year in tibet " because you be my path to liberation . " int . car - day ingrid " I wish we would say goodbye at the front door and it be finish . and you could have a nice and pleasant journey on you own . " harrer turn to she , feed up . harrer " why must you be this way ? why be there always a problem ? it 's a good question . life be not always convenient . " ( pretend to humor she ) do you want to go home , do you want to turn around ? " ingrid " yes . " harrer " it 's the himalayas ! how long have I be talk about the himalayas ? how long ? " ingrid seem to retreat into herself , shake . ingrid " Far too long . " a meek man - horst immendorf - drive the car , pretend to ignore the tension in the back seat . ingrid lean forward . ingrid " horst , when we get there , can you give I a hand ? " horst " yes , of course . " harrer roll he eye , think she 's begging for sympathy . harrer " oh , ingrid . stop it . " ext . graz train station - day the car stop across from the busy station ; nazi soldier stream toward the entrance , above which hang a huge swastika flag . harrer gathere he rucksack , take ingrid 's hand and lead she through the crowd . harrer " try to make this pleasant . " int . graz train station ticket room - day the station be teeming with more Nazi soldier . harrer drag ingrid past traveler wait in line to purchase tickes , search for someone . harrer " where be that idiot who 's suppose to meet we ? " spot harrer , a tall thin man of exquisite precision approach he : peter aufschnaiter . aufschnaiter have a stack of ticket in he hand . aufschnaiter " mister harrer ? I have you ticket - " harrer grab the ticket from aufschnaiter 's hand . harrer " Fine . I be late . take I to my train - " aufschnaiter " no , no , no . you do not understand ... ( modestly ) I be Peter aufschnaiter . I be lead the expedition . how do you do ? " smiling shyly , aufschnaiter extend a hand . sizing up this unprepossessing man , harrer shake aufschnaiter 's hand , wear a expression of acute disappointment . int . train station and platform - day as harrer , ingrid , and horst emerge from the ticket room into the station , they see two platform up ahead where the crowd of german soldier file onto train . as harrer , ingrid , and horst make they way toward they train , a robust nazi official spot harrer and make a beeline toward he . official " ah , here 's we celebrity . ( reach harrer ) May I say , Mr. harrer , on behalf of the reichssportsfuhrer , we be honore to have such a great german hero on the team . " harrer " thank you . but I be austrian . " lead harrer past throng of people , the official gesture to the photographer who hurry over as the official grandly present harrer with a small Nazi flag . the photographer snap a photo . official " yes , but I be sure that , as a distinguished member of the National Socialist Party , you will be proud to plant we country 's flag on the summit of nanga parbat ... when you reach it . " ( slow down ) I be quite sure the man who conquer the eiger North Wall can subdue the god of " we mountain " in the himalayas . " harrer take the flag . cameras flash . they reach a car where aufschnaiter be wait with two other climber : han lobenhoffer and lutz chicken , a kind of german frick and frack duo . the two teammate extend they hand to offer introduction to harrer . lobenhoffer " han lobenhoffer . " chicken " lutz Chicken . " harrer dutifully shake they hand . cameras flash : official " and a picture with you lovely wife . " harrer shoot ingrid a implore look , pull she close to he . she smile wanly when the cameras flash . the official gesture to horst . official " and mister ... " horst " horst immendorf . family friend . no picture necessary . " as the photographer fire off a few more shot , harrer flash a bright , exuberant smile - in sharp contrast to the impact sorrow underlying ingrid 's smile . he have perfect a breezy public persona , and the effortlessness of he act only add to she misery . official " when be the little one due , Mrs. harrer ? " he be point to ingrid 's belly . and for the first time , the camera reveal what have be hide : ingrid be seven and a half month pregnant . the question strike she deep in the heart and cause harrer 's smile to fade . ingrid " approximately the same time as my husband reach base camp . " with that , she break away and visibly struggle to keep she emotion in check . harrer grab she , drag she away from the media onslaught . harrer " why do not you tell the whole country we problem ? " her eye brim with tear ; she be close to break down . harrer " I be get on that train . be there anything you want to say to I ? " she stare mutely at he , appal by he lack of feel . harrer " Fine . go. leave . I will see you in four month . " ext . platform - Pov - through window : ingrid and horst turn away from the platform , head through the station . she be cry uncontrollably . horst wrap he arm around she , try to console she . int . train - day harrer watch , consume with guilt . he move down the aisle , pass a compartment where the three other member of he team be already seat . a empty spot be wait for harrer . unable to face they , harrer keep move , head into another compartment . close up - map of world a map show the course of harrer 's journey , through Europe by train , into Asia by boat . toward a mountain peak in the himalayas - the name , nanga parbat . harrer 's voice narrate as we follow the wind path toward he destination . harrer ( v.o . ) we will travel five thousand mile . when we reach India , we will head for the himalayas and the ninth high peak on Earth , nanga parbat . the name mean " nake Mountain . " Germany call it unser berg , " we Mountain . " before we , four german expedition attempt it . all fail . eleven climber be kill in storm and avalanch . by now , the conquest of nanga parbat be a national obsession , a matter of german pride . british officer " let 's hope Germany retreat from Poland as quickly as you do from " you mountain " , herr harrer . it might reduce you prison time . " harrer " what 's be this ? " british officer " you be under arrest . " harrer " what 's the charge ? failure to reach the summit ? " british officer " I be afraid not . " british officer " War have break out between his majesty 's government and Germany . all enemy alien on british Empire soil be prisoner of war . " harrer ( v.0 . ) October 15 , 1939 . reaching prison camp , I make a promise to myself ... each step into the camp plunge harrer deeper into despair . then he gaze light on something which lift he spirit . he keep stare straight ahead , at Pov - the himalyayas : the mountain form a white - rimmed , rocky spine to the north . harrer ( v.o. ) I will be lie beside ingrid before summer solstice of the new year . the mountain be right in front of we . it will be easy to escape and get lose in they . chicken " would you like to come with we ? " harrer " why ? " chicken " after all , you be the authority on jailbreak around here . " lobenhoffer " we could benefit from you experience ... " exasperate , aufschnaiter interrupt . aufschnaiter " please stop this gruesome charade . ( pause ) every time you escape , heinrich , patrol be double and triple . it 's make life difficult for the rest of we . " harrer " I prefer to travel on my own . but thanks for think of I . " ext . prison mess hall - day hundred of prisoner swill gruel at long table . harrer , by himself , eat quickly , never look up . aufschnaiter pass by , set something beside harrer 's plate . aufschnaiter the mailman have come . harrer glance down at a thick envelope address to a guard at the camp . from ingrid harrer in Austria . harrer pick up the envelope , overwhelm . look around to thank aufschnaiter . but he 's already seat at another table with Chicken and lobenhoffer . int . prison barracks - day harrer lower himself onto he cot . open the envelope and pull out a sheaf of stapled paper . a note flutter to the ground . as he study the sheaf of papers , he eagerness turn to confusion , then despair . close on sheaf of paper : they be divorce papers draft by a austrian lawyer . harrer reach down , pluck the note from the floor . read it . ingrid ( o.s. ) dear heinrich , please sign the enclose divorce papers and send they to my lawyer . horst and I intend to be marry as soon as the divorce be finalize . as for you letter , yes , you son rolf harrer be bear while you be climb the mountain . he be now two year old and call horst " papa . " when he be old enough , I will tell he he real father be lose in the himalayas . it seem the kindest thing to say , consider you never want the child anyway . needless to say , I have no intention of " resolve we difference , " as you suggest . they be resolve the moment you leave Austria . I be sorry you have be imprison in India and hope this dreadful war will soon be over , for everyone 's sake . ingrid . ext . prison camp - day rain stil pour . harrer step out of the barrack and walk the perimeter of the yard . he stop , lean against the wall of barb wire , hold onto it for support . it take he a moment to realize he have grasp the wire so hard , he hand be bleed . as if pull himself from a trance , he step back . stare at the fence . then haul off and kick it with all he strengh -- cursing and slamm he boot into the barb wire until he 's too drain to continue . harrer " I be come with you . " aufschnaiter " take two and sleep it off . I will send you a bill in the morning . " harrer ( groan ) " what be you do here ? " aufschnaiter " I miss you so much , heinrich , I think I would stop by for a visit . " harrer " where be the other ? " aufschnaiter " the italian be catch outside nelang . lutz and han take ill and have to turn back . " harrer " I be sorry to hear that . " aufschnaiter " I be sure you be heartbroken . ( exhaust ) May I impose upon you generous nature and camp here tonight ? " harrer " please .... be my guest . " aufschnaiter " very gracious of you . " aufschnaiter " you might be interested to know ... I have hear the japanese have retreat all the way to shanghai . even if you reach the chinese border , you may never catch up with they . " harrer " I do not care if the japanese get repell all the way back to Tokyo . " aufschnaiter " you will if you plan to get back to Austria . " harrer " but I do not . " aufschnaiter " you do not what ? " harrer " plan to go back ... " home " . " aufschnaiter " why not ? " harrer " no particular reason . ( feign boredom ) but when you get there , tell my wife that two year in prison camp be roughly equivalent to four year of marriage . and I be glad to be free of both . " his bitterness give aufschnaiter pause ; he hesitates before speak . aufschnaiter " I be not go back either . at least until this shameful war be over . " now it 's harrer 's turn to be surprize . harrer " where be you head ? " aufschnaiter " not negotiable . my father give it to I when I climb mont blanc . " harrer " everyone 's climb mont blanc , Peter . " ( reprovingly ) " if I have a watch like that , I would trade it . " aufschnaiter stiffen with resentment , then remove he watch and commence trading with the vendor . harrer drag himself to he foot , stagger over to the edge of plateau . Beyond , the tibetan plain spread out as vast and wide as a ocean . harrer slowly wander the perimeter of the plateau , scout for they guide . aufschnaiter , lie on the ground , turn he head , he eye only inch from harrer 's open knapsack . a few provision spill out . aufschnaiter see something shiny inside the pack , tilt he head closer to get a better look , dismay by what harrer have hide . he reach in , pull out three watch tie together with a rubber band , and harrer 's gold wedding band . aufschnaiter scramble to he foot and march over to harrer , who 's still at the edge of plateau . ext . edge of plateau - late day harrer turn when he hear footstep . face aufschnaiter . aufschnaiter " know what time it be ? " harrer be shocked to see mild - mannered aufschnaiter flush with rage . aufschnaiter hurl the watch toward harrer . aufschnaiter " refresh my memory . what do you say at the bazaar back there ? " ( livid ) " " if I have a watch like that , I would trade it . " you do not have one , you cheap lie bastard , you have three ! " harrer straighten up , unruffled . harrer " you have a problem , Peter ? " aufschnaiter " you think I be so happy to travel with you , I should foot the bill ? you be such a big man you do not need to contribute ? " harrer ( dangle the watch ) " this be junk . from some italian prisoner . " aufschnaiter " I do not give a shit ! have not you ever hear of a principle ? " harrer ( derisively ) " go ahead . take one . and keep you principle . " handing aufschnaiter the packet of watch , harrer start move , try to put some distance between they . aufschnaiter " look at you . caught be a selfish prick and you be gloat . " harrer " you sound like a old woman , Peter . what do you want I to do ? " aufschnaiter " try apologize . try feel a little remorse . if all else fail , try wiping that smirk off you face . " harrer ( push he ) " take a watch and shut up ! I do not need another boring sermon from some frustrated , glorify tour guide . " aufschnaiter spin around , take a few step , and grab he knapsack . aufschnaiter " no wonder you be always alone . who could stand you miserable company ? " toss the watch back to harrer , aufschnaiter turn and stalk down the trail . watch he descend , harrer shrug he shoulder : no big loss . then , as aufschnaiter get farther away , harrer go slack with remorse . abruptly grab he pack and streak like a bullet down the center of the hill , bypass the switchback until he be gain on aufschnaiter . ext . hill - late day reaching aufschnaiter , harrer pause to catch he breath . cautiously extend he hand . in it be the watch and harrer 's wedding ring . harrer " please take they . " ( pause , embarrassed ) " it be wrong to hide they . " it 's probably the first time in he life he 's admit he be wrong . aufschnaiter accept the watch but remove the wedding ring . aufschnaiter " keep this . " harrer " no . I do not deserve it , either . " he shoot such a plangent look of remorse , aufschnaiter be oddly move , quietly accept the ring . harrer " ... he 's about three and a half year old now . pretty soon , she will tell he I get lose in the himalayas . so he will have a dead father . which be fine with I . " ext . campsite - night harrer and aufschnaiter lie wrap in they blanket . aufschnaiter " why ? " harrer " better a dead father than a lousy father . " a long silence as they stare up at the sky . aufschnaiter " write he a letter and tell he you be alive . " harrer " dear rolf harrer , I be a person you do not know . a man you have never meet ... but you be someone who occupy my mind ... and my heart ... in this distant land where I have go . if you can imagine a hide place , tuck safely away from the world ... conceal by wall of high , snow - cap mountain ... a place rich with all the strange beauty of you nighttime dream ... then you know where I be . " harrer " in the country where I be travel - tibet - people believe if they walk long distance to holy place ... it purify the bad deed they have commit ... they believe the more difficult the journey , the great the depth of purification . " harrer " ... in this place where time stand still , it seem that everything be move . include I . I can not say I know where I be go . nor whether my bad deed can be purify ... there be so may thing I have do which I regret . but when I come to a full stop , I hope you will understand that the distance between we be not as great as it seem ... with deep affection , you father ... heinrich harrer . " int . desk at harrer' house - later harrer rip open the envelope , read the letter . and deflate . in a hollow whisper , he read it aloud . harrer " dear mister heinrich harrer , you be not my father . please stop write I letter . rolf immendorf . " int . reception room - day enter first , harrer take a few step and involuntarily look up to the dalai lama 's high throne . he be shocked to see the thirteen - year- old avatar grin excitedly at he , like a long lose friend . a look of surprise and deep , overwhelming pleasure light harrer 's face . the two of they lock eye , stare . utterly scandalize , the dalai lama 's mother bow and prostrate . harrer dutifully bow . tries a clunky prostration and nearly trip . the dalai lama laugh with delight . harrer " you holiness , it be a great honor to meet you . " he head back to he seat . remember he 's not to turn he back to the dalai lama and awkwardly attemp walk backwards . he take he seat and politely wait for the dalai lama to speak first . with urgent seriousness , the dalai lama begin the audience . dalai lama " do you like movie ? " harrer " well ... I have not see one in about eight year . but as I recall , yes , I do . " dalai lama " so do I . " harrer " I be glad to know that , you holiness . " dalai lama " I have a movie projector . and film . one of female dancer be hatched out of egg . " harrer " that could be a bit racy . ( the mother clear she throat ) it sound wonderfully educational , you holiness . " dalai lama " I want to build a movie house . here at the potala . with seat and everything . " harrer " seat would be advisable . " dalai lama " can you build it ? " harrer " Excuse I ? " dalai lama " can you build a movie house for I ? my advisor cannot disapprove and you will be well pay . " the mother knit she eyebrow in consternation . she be not inform of this plan . now the dalai lama speak in a fast torrent of word , desperate to say everything at once . dalai lama " and you will have to come here every day to build it . every single day . and when you be here , you will visit I . we can have conversation . on many topic . I would like to learn about the world you come from . ( breathless ) for example ... where be Paris , France ? and what be a molotov cocktail ? and who be Jack the ripper ? " mother " kundun ... " realizing she have interrupt she son , she stop herself . the dalai lama know he 's go out on a limb , but be determine to have he way . dalai lama " you can tell I many thing . " harrer fold he hand together , bow he head . then glance surreptitiously at the dalai lama , full of admiration . harrer " I be proud to be of service , you holiness . " harrer " when you face the light , it 's day . when you be in shadow , it 's night . so when the sun in rise in lhasa , it 's set far to the west , in New York City , for example . that 's why it 's not the same time everywhere . ( solicitously ) do that answer you question ? " nodding , the dalai lama spot the poker - face master of the Kitchen approach and he quickly hop onto he throne . both be silent as the master serve the dalai lama butter tea , cover he mouth with a hand so as not to breathe on the serve . take he leave , he walk backwards . the moment he 's go , the dalai lama scramble off the throne , impulsively take harrer 's hand in he . dalai lama " tell I more , tell I more . " holding the boy 's hand in he , harrer bask in happiness . harrer " what do you want to know ? " int . attic storeroom in potala - day in a dark hide corner , harrer set up a radio while the dalai lama hold a flashlight for he to see . harrer attaches wire from a large portable battery to the back of radio . harrer " in a few minute , you will be enter the world of mass media , you holiness . " dalai lama " I can hear news from all over the planet ? " harrer " I do not know if they have live broadcast from the tonga Islands , but generally speak , yeah . " dalai lama " do you listen to news from you country ? " harrer ( busy work on radio ) Austria ? not very often . give I some light over here . " he point and the dalai lama shine the flashlight on the side of the radio . dalai lama " why ? it 's you home . " harrer " not any more . " dalai lama " but do not you have friend and family there ? " the dalai lama be so intrigue , he keep turn to look at harrer , move the flashlight . harrer " a few friend . no family . hold the light steady . you holiness . " dalai lama " why ? be everyone dead ? " harrer " do you know , there 's another sentence construction aside from the question . you might try it some time . ( go back to work on the radio ) I be marry . but I be divorced . " dalai lama " what do you do ? " harrer make a great effort to appear busy with he task , do not want the dalai lama to see he face . but he also can not lie to he . harrer " I do not want a child . so I run away to climb a mountain . " dalai lama be shocked . dalai lama " you have a child , heinrig ? " harrer " though I have never meet he . with great relief , he manage to get the radio work and a loud crackle of static burst through the box . he turn to the dalai lama , anxious to drop the subject . harrer " here . let I show you how this work . " int . dalai lama' bedroom - night the dalai lama sit on the edge of he bed , weep uncontrollably . stand awkwardly in front of he , harrer do not know whether he should sit on the dalai lama 's bed or not . dalai lama " they be destroy the village I be bear in - takster . in amdo . it be terrible . " harrer " you have a bad dream , kundun . it be just a dream . " dalai lama " but it be so real . where do it come from ? " harrer be at a loss to explain that . dalai lama " my mind could never imagine such terrible thing . " throw protocol out the window , harrer sit beside the dalai lama and wrap he arm around he . int . dalai lama' waiting room - night unable to sleep , harrer stare out at Pov - through window : the snowcappe himalayas glow milky white in the darkness . harrer hear the door OPEN . look up as the dalai lama step into the wait room and sit down . dalai lama " I can not sleep . I be afraid the dream will come back . " harrer " we could have a insomniac 's slumber party . " dalai lama " tell I a story , heinrig . ( look out at mountain ) tell I a story about climb mountain . " harrer " that 's one way to fall asleep . that storey bore even I . " dalai lama " then tell I what you love about it . " harrer be not prepare for that . harrer " what do I ...? " he think a moment . harrer " the absolute simplicity . that 's what I love. ( pause ) you have a purpose . you mind be clear . and calm . suddenly , the light become sharper . sound be richer . all you feel be the deep , powerful presence of life . ( pause , embarrassed ) I have only feel that way one other time before . " dalai lama " when ? " harrer " in you presence , kundun . " harrer " you should leave tibet , kundun . you life be at great risk if you stay here . " the dalai lama cock he head , listen with detach curiosity . harrer " if you will forgive my presumption , I have make all the arrangement to escort you out safely . we can leave after the enthronement ceremony . the chinese would never expect you to go then . " the dalai lama carefully absorb this , move by harrer 's concern . dalai lama " how can I help people if I run away from they ? what kind of leader would I be ? " he have strike such a deep nerve . harrer can not respond . dalai lama " I have to stay here , heinrig . serve other be my path to liberation . " there 's a pause before harrer speak . harrer " then I will not go either . " dalai lama " why not ? " harrer " because you be my path to liberation . " he seek to make eye contact with the dalai lama , but the dalai lama look away . dalai lama " the buddha say , " salvation do not come from the sight of I . it demand strenuous effort and practice . so work hard and seek you own salvation diligently . ( look at harrer ) I be not you son . and I never think of you as my father . you be much too informal with I for that . " afraid he might lose the slender hold on he emotion , harrer close he eye . the dalai lama pause a moment before speak again . dalai lama " do you ever think about he ? " too overwhelm to speak , harrer nod he head . harrer " all the time . every day . " dalai lama " and what do you think about ? " harrer take a deep breath , try not to cry . harrer " it 's not a conscious think anymore , kundun . he 's just always there . ( pause ) he cross tibet with I . he come to lhasa with I . when I visit you , he 's there beside I ... ( pause ) he 's just always there . I do not even remember how I picture the world without he in it . " dalai lama " then you should go home and be he father . "