sex and the CITY : the movie written by Michael Patrick King fade in : A1 ext . 5 th avenue -- new york CITY -- day -- summer A1 glisten city building reflect onto the window of a upscale clothing boutique . in the window -- a mannequin be wear -- the best of everything . a pretty twenty-something girl look in at the display : dream of the day . carrie ( v.o. ) Year after year , twenty - something woman come to New York City in search of the two " L 's " : label and love . 1 ext . 5 th avenue / tiffany -- day -- summer 1 four twenty-something women walk away from we -- arm link laughing -- they make they way down the busy street -- shopping bag and designer purse swinging . the young woman reveal : carrie bradshaw ( 41 ) and fabulous -- walk towards we . she watch they as they pass , a smile grow on she face . carrie ( v.o. ) twenty year ago ... I be one of they . she walk along , she shopping bag -- swinging . 2 int . carrie' apartment /closet -- night -- summer 2 carrie on step ladder , barefoot . her finger move along a series of designer shoe box ... carrie ( v.o. ) have get the knack for label early ... I concentrate on my search for love . 3 ext . club -- night -- fall 3 summer night . couple everywhere . carrie walk along . 1a . carrie ( v.o. ) turn out , a " knock -off " be not as easy to spot when come to love ... she pass a twenty - something girl and guy huddle very close together . suddenly , the girl slap he across the face . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) until it be . carrie react , and trot along . 2 . 4 ext . STREET -- day -- spring 4 carrie and preppy perfect charlotte walk along , talk . carrie ( v.o. ) that be why you need help to spot they ... jump CUT to : carrie , Charlotte and miranda walk along talk . carrie ( cont 'd ) ... lot of help . jump CUT to : carrie , Charlotte , miranda and samantha walk along ; laughing -- they shopping bag and designer purse swinging . 5 ext . carrie' apartment -- night -- winter 5 the front of carrie 's building . she be type in she window . 5a int . carrie' buliding -- continuous 5 a carrie at she desk - type . close on the computer screen -- written on it : " Charlotte , miranda and samantha ... " carrie ( v.o. ) Year after year , my single girlfriend be my salvation . and , as it turn out ... 6 int . carrie' apartment -- day -- spring 6 close on : a colorful chick lit book cover : " a single life " by carrie bradshaw . carrie ( v.o. ) ... my meal ticket . carrie -- stand on she bed place it next to she two other book : " sex and the City " and " menhattan " a frame photo of four girl ( circa 1999 ) be also on the shelf . she pick it up -- touches it sweetly . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we still be that four single girl ... 3. 7 ext . upper fifth -- day -- summer 7 carrie in a sexy , summer dress , spot someone -- wave -- carrie ( v.o. ) even though , technically ... we be not . she hurry across the street to meet that someone ... 8 int . miranda's brooklyn house / backyard -- day -- summer 8 miranda ( 41 ) and brady ( 5 ) be fill a inflatable pool with water from a hose . as steve approach with Popsicles , they squirt he with the hose . he grab they ; laugh . carrie ( v.o ) one of we be marry ... 9 ext . central park carousel -- day -- summer 9 Charlotte ( 40 ) and harry and they beautiful asian daughter lily ( 3 ) go around . lily giggle , they kvell . carrie ( v.o ) one of we ... marry , divorced and re-marry ... 10 ext . beachouse -- day -- summer 10 the deck of fabulous malibu beachouse . samantha ( 49 ) sit near the pool wear a white bikini and huge white sunglass make deal on the phone as smith lay nearby in a bathing suit -- read a script . carrie ( v.o ) one of we ... relocate . 11 ext . upper fifth ave -- same -- summer 11 carrie walk over and into the arm of that someone -- it 's mr . big -- wait for she in front of a apartment building . carrie ( v.o. ) and ... one of we stay exactly where she be . 4. they kiss . a good kiss . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) in love . a kiss worth wait four year to see . they turn and start into the classic apartment building . the doorman tip he hat and open the door . 12 int . fifth avenue build / lobby -- continuous 12 carrie and Big walk through the beautiful lobby and over to the elevator ... hold hand . big I get a good feel about this one , kid . carrie I have always love this block . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) find the perfect apartment in New York City be like find the perfect partner . it can take year . they push the elevator button . Doors open . they step on . big how many do this make ? carrie this be thirty - three . big lucky thirty - three ! they laugh a little as the door close on the elevator . 13 int . fifth ave build - bad apartment / hall -- moment later 13 a door be open up by carol ( 55 ) they real estate agent . carol the worst . I just leave you a message . carrie and Big look in . the apartment be dark , claustrophobic -- awful . a male build agent ( 40 ) stand here . the smile leave carrie and Big 's face . 5 . carrie ( to Big ) thirty -four . lucky thirty -four ? Big look over at she . she shrug . 14 int . fifth ave build / hallway -- moment later 14 the Building agent hold the elevator door open for carrie , Big and Carol as they get on . carrie if anything else open up let we know . we be very interested in this building . agent I do have another apartment that 's not even on the market yet . Care to take a look ? carrie / big sure . agent it 's more than you be look to pay . carol how much more ? agent more . the agent reach over and press the " ph " button on the control panel . carrie and Big react . 15 int . penthouse -- moment later -- summer 15 a gorgeous pre-war penthouse apartment . empty except for the beautiful light . Old - world New York City style . Elevator door open into the penthouse foyer . carrie and Big step in . big oh , so this be where they keep the light . 6 . carrie oh my God . I have die and go to real estate heaven . look at this place . she swirl around to Big -- very grand dame ; with accent . carrie ( cont 'd ) hellooo , I live here . carrie start giggle . Big look over to the agent . big must be the altitude . Big smile . carrie laugh as the agent walk on . agent and across the rooftop terrace --- carrie what -- nirvana ? agent you wife have quite a sense of humor . carol ( cool / quick ) they be not marry . carrie no , he 's my boyfriend . agent this way . the agent and Carol start out across the terrace . Big and carrie follow lag a little behind . big be not I a little old to be introduce as you boyfriend ? carrie Point take . from now on ... you will be my man friend . big sound like a dog . carrie well , if the shoe fit . 7. she give he a look . he swat she ass , gently as they go . 16 int . penthouse / bedroom -- moment later 16 carrie and Big lead the way into the bedroom . Big window , high ceiling . beautiful light as well . agent and this be the master bedroom . carrie hideous . hate it . hurt my eye . Big laugh , carrie walk around take it in . carrie ( cont 'd ) how be this place even available ? agent nasty divorce . carrie if you live here what be there to fight about ? carrie open the closet door . it be very small . carrie ( cont 'd ) this be the master closet ? no. agent yes . small for a room this size . I know . carrie hmmm . hmmm . now , I understand the divorce . big I can build you a better closet . carrie look at he ; aghast . he smile . big ( cont 'd ) welcome home , baby . carrie can we afford this ? big I get it . 8. carrie scream with joy and shock . he laugh , thrilled . 17 ext . NYC STREET / christie' auction house -- day -- summer 17 carrie , miranda and Charlotte walk down the street . carrie " I get it . " just like that . " I get it " -- like he be pick up the check for coffee or something . charlotte it sound perfect . carrie except for the closet which Big say he can redo -- also he say the kitchen need work but I do not know about that `cause I keep sweater in my stove . carrie and Charlotte laugh . miranda so , he buy it -- and you be go to live there with he ? carrie yes , together . that 's right . miranda but he will own it . so . you be keep you own place , right ? carrie oh , miranda , please , I have not figure out all the detail yet , but I be a smart girl and I be sure I will figure out something I be comfortable with . miranda I just want to make sure you be be smart here -- carrie and I love you for it -- but for now can not you stop worry for I and just go ahead and feel what I want you to feel . jealous . miranda smile . carrie put she arm around she . 9. carrie ( cont 'd ) jealous of I live in this gorgeous penthouse in Manhattan . miranda Fine . I be jealous . you be in real estate heaven and I be in Brooklyn . charlotte New York magazine say Brooklyn be the new Manhattan . miranda whoever write that - life in Brooklyn . carrie there she be . hey Hollywood ! samantha be stand out in front of christy . she wave to they -- as she finish a call . samantha ( on phone ) samantha Jones ... Smith jerrod 's manager -- I be in New York `till Monday . she hang up ; as they reach she . carrie ( cont 'd ) how be you flight ? samantha fabulous . let 's go in -- I be so excited ! 18 int . christie' auction house / lobby -- day -- moment later 8 1 a lobby bustling with new york women . all type . carrie , samantha , Charlotte and miranda make they way through they . carrie ( v.o . ) it be a rare occasion that bring all type of woman together . the socialite , the trendy the yuppy , the yenta . the girl gently move past by a elderly yenta , who react . yenta why the push ? 9a . 18a int . christie' auction house -- later 18a carrie and the girl enter a room fill with dramatically light jewelry case that display amazing jewelry . on the wall around the gallery be large photo of a beautiful raven haire woman ( 45 ) . she be capture in candid pose " out and about " New York city at various social event wear the jewelry on display . 10 . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Blair elkenn be a waitress turn model turn actress turn billionaire 's girlfriend who come home one night to find herself unceremoniously turn out on the street . samantha , carrie and Charlotte page through the catalogue as they walk . miranda type on she blackberry . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and now she be get the ultimate break - up revenge . a embarrassing and very public auction of all the jewelry he have give she when they be happy . the girl stop . float in a case at they eye level be a unique , " two finger " flower ring make out of diamond . samantha there it be . my baby . carrie / big and she 's a beauty . samantha when I see this in the catalogue I say to Smith : this flower ring be the essence of I . one of a kind , fill with fire ... carrie and a little too much . samantha exactly . come on . let 's go spend some of my hard - earn Hollywood money . they make they way to the auction room . miranda hey -- what 's come up on Smith 's series ? be he go to sleep with that new blonde neurosurgeon ? samantha he sleep with every hot woman doctor in that hospital . 11 . miranda great . can not wait . charlotte do not you ever get weird out by see Smith in bed with all that other woman ? samantha no , I think it 's hot . sometimes , when I be alone , I masturbate right along with they . carrie and people say the golden age of television be over . samantha besides , it 's fake sex . when they be do it -- no one 's actually turn on . miranda kinda like Steve and I . miranda laugh . everyone look . miranda ( cont 'd ) I be kid . ( beat ; then ) but come one -- it 's be seven year . he do that , I do this ... it 's not like a new plot twist be go to turn up . 19 int . christie' auction house / auction room -- later 19 a distinguished woman auctioneer be at a podium . auctioneer next item . the flower ring . samantha sit up , ready . a electric buzz move through the crowd . carrie ( v.o. ) if schadenfreude be the word for feel pleasure at someone else misfortune -- this be " jewelryfreude . " 12 . auctioneer let 's start the bid at ten thousand . samantha raise she number . the auctioneer nod . auctioneer ( cont 'd ) thank you madame . do I hear fifteen ? a woman in a business suit ( 40 ) on a phone , raise she number . samantha look over at she . samantha bitch . carrie and the glove be off . auctioneer do I hear twenty ? samantha raise she number . auctioneer ( cont 'd ) twenty . do I hear twenty - five ? the woman raise she number . auctioneer ( cont 'd ) twenty -five . thirty ? samantha raise she number . carrie 's eye widen . auctioneer ( cont 'd ) thirty -five ? the woman be talk with someone on the phone . miranda she 's bid for someone on the phone . charlotte that 's not fair . the woman raise she hand . Charlotte give she a look . auctioneer thirty -five . forty ? samantha I deserve this . I work hard . 13 . auctioneer do I hear forty ? samantha raise she hand . auctioneer ( cont 'd ) do I hear forty fi-- the woman quickly raise she hand . auctioneer nod . auctioneer ( cont 'd ) fifty ? samantha sex with only one man for I do not know how long . auctioneer do I hear fifty thousand ? samantha ( beat ; loud ) fifty fuck thousand ! a laugh ripple through the room . samantha glare at the rival woman , almost dare she . carrie look afraid . auctioneer fifty-five ? the woman raise she hand . samantha react disappointed . the auctioneer look at samantha . auctioneer ( cont 'd ) sixty ? sixty to we colorful bidder ? samantha ( to carrie ) I draw the line at fifty . samantha shake she head no . carrie rub she arm . 20 int . christie' auction house / lady room -- later 20 carrie , samantha , miranda and Charlotte be primp in front of the mirror . charlotte I think this auction would be more fun ... but it 's kinda sad . 14 . a baby voice woman ( 45 ) next to Charlotte overhear . baby voice woman be not it ? they look over at she . baby voice woman ( cont 'd ) I think it be just sad for I `cause I know she . but it 's really sad , huh ? and it 's funny cause they be so happy . samantha ... till they be not baby voice woman I know , right ? we all tell she to get marry -- but she do not want to push he . he would be marry three other time . so , she let it ride and then she come home one night and he have lock she out . she do not even have anywhere to live . after ten year . such a shame . she be a smart girl till she fall in love . carrie catch miranda 's eye in the mirror , look away . 21 int . big' sublet / kitchen -- night -- summer 21 Big take a bright red lobster out of a pot of hot water with tong . he place it next to another cook lobster . he walk to the cooking island where carrie sit ; sip wine . big the creature be ready . just gonna sit there ? carrie I be not sit , I be think . big here . husk and think . 15 . he wink -- put two ear of corn in front of she , then start chopping tomato . carrie I be think I be go to sell my apartment and put the money towards heaven on fifth . big why ? you love you place . carrie I know but -- big but what ? carrie we be together ever night -- so I be basically pay a mortgage on a glorify closet . big you write there . it 's you office . carrie there 's plenty of room at the new place and -- besides .. I want to make we -- a life there . I want it to be ours . big it be ours . I buy it for we . carrie and that 's so amazing -- but you buy it , so it 's really you place . and -- if anything be to happen ... big what 's go to happen ? carrie I have to be smart here . I mean , we be not marry and I would have no legal rights to ... this home that I build ... with you . silence . he think . chop . she husk . big do you want to get marry ? 16 . carrie I do not think it be a option . big well , Mr. bradshaw , what if it be a option ? she hit he with a husk . he smile . carrie well , people be always assume we be . big and you know what happen when people assume . they make a ass out of who ? carrie you and I . he smile . she smile . chop. chop . big what do you think , kid ? carrie why -- do you want to get marry ? big well , I would not mind be marry to you . would you mind be marry to I ? carrie no , if that 's what you want . be that what you want ? big I want you . so. okay . carrie okay . really ? we be get marry . big we be get marry . ( beat ) should we get you a diamond ? carrie no , please , do not get I a diamond . ( beat ; then ) get I a really big closet . 16a . big deal . he put out he hand . she take it and they shake . big ( cont 'd ) but ... you gotta do better on that corn . look at all the stuff leave on there . she look down at she corn , he 's right . she nod . 17 . 22 int . modern restaurant -- day -- summer 22 crowd ; serious lunch crowd . carrie sit across from Charlotte and miranda . miranda be in a work suit . carrie so , the other night , Big and I be talk about , you know , move in together and we future ... Charlotte 's eye be get wider and wider . carrie ( cont 'd ) ... and about what make sense as we move forward . and , well ... we decide to get marry . charlottes scream at the top of she lung . carrie and miranda and the entire restaurant react . miranda ... and I be deaf . carrie everyone 's look Charlotte look around at the disgruntled face . she half - stand and address the diner look at she . charlotte sorry ! I be sorry ... but my friend here , just get engage and she 's be go out with the man for ten year . the diner burst into applause . carrie slump in she chair , pull up she sweater collar , turn to miranda . carrie I be mortify . miranda there be literally a ringing in my ear . 23 int . samantha jone management -- day 23 a large photo of Smith . samantha walk past it and up a sleek , modern office building stairway . her cell ring . 18 . samantha samantha Jones -- 24 int . fendi -- later -- summer 24 intercut with carrie walk through the upscale boutique talk on she pink swarovski crystal - cover cell phone . carrie well ... I make a little decision that I hope you will be happy about . samantha oh , honey ... you finally get botox . carrie no . I do not get botox samantha I be tell you , carrie -- you will love it . carrie I do not call to talk about botox . samantha I be just say . samantha reach the top of the stair . blow-up of Smith on various magazine cover line the wall of the chic , small office space . carrie so ... last week , after the auction , I start think about my option . samantha right . carrie right , and ... well , Big and I decide to get marry . samantha really ? carrie yes . samantha that 's great . 19 . carrie you sound more excited about the botox . samantha well , honey -- I be excited for you but -- you know I ... I do not really believe in marriage .... botox on the other hand -- that work every time . a receptionist ( 23 ) hand she some message . samantha ( cont 'd ) honey , I have get to go . the people magazine person be on hold . Smith 's on the short list to be they " sexiest man alive . " we can catch up when I be in town next week . samantha hang up . carrie look at she phone : dismiss and disappointed . she close it and walk on . 25 int . fendi -- a little later 25 carrie round a corner . her phone ring . carrie hello ? 26 int . samantha jone management -- continuous 26 intercut with samantha stand in she office . samantha I think I be in shock . I mean , it 's you get marry . this be not some random person -- it 's you . carrie I hear ya . samantha and I guess , I think that after that big mess with aidan -- you would never want to get marry . carrie I know . 19a . samantha so , I put you in my " we be never get marry " file . now , I have get to take you out of that file . carrie sorry about the extra paper work . samantha you will get my bill . carrie samantha , it feel so different this time . no cliché romantic kneel down on one knee . just you know , two grow -up -- make a decision about spend they life together . 20 . samantha well , I be happy for you . carrie and one more thing ... I want you to be may of honor . how do you feel about that ? samantha the same way you feel about botox . painful and unnecessary . carrie laugh . samantha shrug . 27 int . carrie' apartment -- day -- summer 27 carrie and Charlotte sit on she bed look through a list of name . ANTHONY sit at she makeup vanity . he have a large notebook open in front of he . charlotte 74 , 75 , 76 .... seventy - six guest . ANTHONY seventy five sound better . " a small , wedding of seventy five guest . " carrie look at the list . carrie ( v.o. ) as a wedding gift , Charlotte have give I Anthony marantino -- friend and wedding planner . carrie cross someone off . Charlotte react , shocked . carrie ( cont 'd ) what ? she be borderline anyway . 21 . ANTHONY cut throat -- I love it . I hope you be that decisive when it come to the location and the dress . carrie oh . I find the dress . charlotte what ?! when ? carrie the other day . I have it here . carrie get up and go into the closet . Anthony hurry over and sit next to Charlotte . ANTHONY this be go to be good ! charlotte I be so excited ! carrie ( v.o. ) here it be . Anthony and Charlotte grab hand in anticipation as carrie come out of she closet . she hold up a simple off - white vintage suit . Charlotte and Anthony deflate . carrie ( cont 'd ) well ... that be the exact reaction I be aim for . charlotte no , it 's pretty but it 's so -- simple . carrie simple and classic . when I see it I just think : that be what I should marry Big in . ANTHONY well , who 's it by ? the label ? carrie no one . I find it in a vintage shop . ANTHONY " the bride wear a dress by no one . " 22 . she turn and head back into the closet . carrie ( as she go ) do not worry , I will style it up with shoe . Anthony turn to Charlotte and say in a low voice . ANTHONY the invitation be fancier than the dress . carrie ( o.c. ) I hear that . 28 int . brooklyn restaurant -- night -- summer 28 a " family style " italian restaurant . miranda , in business clothes , sit with Steve , brady and magda . brady 's face be cover in spaghetti sauce . carrie ( v.o. ) and from Anthony marantino to spaghetti marinara . miranda where be he with the check ? steve geese , miranda -- relax . magda 's not even finish yet . miranda I still have a legal brief to work on when I get home . brady I have to go to the bathroom . magda I will take he . wash that beautiful face too , yes ? brady nod . magda walk away with brady . miranda be pack up brady 's action figure . Steve give she a look . miranda what ? I be sorry . I be exhaust . brady wake I up at five am . 23 . steve he wake I up too . silence . she sip she cappuccino . foam cover she top lip . he look over at she and smile . steve ( cont 'd ) you get milk on you top lip . she lick it off , not pleased . steve ( cont 'd ) what now ? miranda it 's like you be always criticize I . steve I be not . ( beat ; then , cute ) you want to go through life with foam on you lip and no one tell you ? silence . he reach down and pick up she coffee cup and sip ... put lot of foam on he lip . he look over . steve ( cont 'd ) anything you want to tell I ? she shake she head : no . he put he face in front of hers . she laugh . he lick he lip . 29 int . miranda and steve's bedroom -- later 29 Steve be in bed with miranda , they be make love . she be wear a T-shirt . miranda yeah . yeah . steve wait --- wait -- do not come already ... miranda yeah . yeah . steve wait , wait -- get on top . get on -- 24 . miranda it 's late ... let 's just get it over with . Steve look at she . she can not believe what she 's say . miranda ( cont 'd ) I mean -- we have to get up in four and half hour . steve we never have sex and you want to get it over with ? miranda Steve ... we have sex . steve when be the last time we have sex ? miranda can not remember . he move to he side of the bed . steve ( cont 'd ) ( as he turn away ) there be snow on the ground . he get out of the bed and walk away . she watch he go . 30 int . coffee shop -- day -- summer 30 the girl be have breakfast . lily sit at the table in a booster seat coloring in a cinderella coloring book . carrie be help she . close on : cinderella 's shoe . carrie be fill it in with a blue crayon . miranda how often do you guy have sex ? charlotte miranda -- please . miranda what ? she indicate that lily be sit with carrie . carrie continue to color , not look up . carrie it 's okay , I know all about sex . 24a . samantha if I know the girl talk be go to be on " lock down , " I would not have fly two thousand mile . 25 . charlotte no , we can talk , let 's just not use that word . miranda she 's three , she do not know what it mean . I be forty - two and I still do not know what it mean . charlotte I know , but she 's repeat everything . miranda Fine . how often do you guy ... carrie ... " Color " ? charlotte thank -you . samantha well , I can not color enough . I would color all day -- every day if I have my way . I would use every crayon in my box . carrie we get it . you love to color . ( to miranda ) why be you ask ? miranda Steve and I be " coloring " last night and just as I be about to -- miranda be search for a word she can use . samantha come ? ( beat ; to Charlotte ) sorry -- there be no crayon equivalent . miranda he want to change position and I say ... " let 's just get it over with . " the lady react , three different shade of shocked . 25a . miranda ( cont 'd ) well , he keep try to make it last longer . samantha and this be bad ? 26 . miranda it be when you have a full - time job . samantha I have a full - time job . miranda well , you do not also have a five year old and play group and pta and a mother - in - law in a rest home with advance Alzheimer 's . I be tell you , at the end of the day all I want to do be sleep . the most exciting thing in bed now -- be the bed . carrie so ... sleep be the new sex ? lily sex . charlotte see . carrie -- I mean coloring . miranda we be just go through a no coloring phase -- it come and go , right ? charlotte every couple be different . Harry and I -- carrie and samantha look over ; interested . charlotte ( cont 'd ) ... make love two or three time a week . miranda great . now I feel worse . samantha well , when be the last time for you ? miranda six month ago . 27 . carrie oh my . miranda look at she . she -- continue to color . miranda but that 's a dry spell . samantha I bet it be . charlotte what about you and Big , carrie ? ( off she look ) come on , I tell . carrie never . but , I will tell you this . when Big color -- ( beat ; sexy ) he rarely stay inside the line . samantha whoops . carrie resume coloring . miranda well , this be very helpful . 30a int . beachouse / bathroom -- sunset -- summer 30 a a freshly - shower samantha sit on a chaise lounge in a robe -- talk on the phone . samantha send it to Smith jerrod at the office address . Smith walk up to samantha wear only underwear . there be a huge bulge in the front . samantha take the bulge in . samantha ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) I have get to go . something just come up . she hang up . he smile , look down at she . smith I have get a gift for you . samantha so far , I like it . 27a . he smile as she reach into he underwear basket and remove a long black velvet jewelry case . she open it . it 's the petal ring from the auction . samantha ( cont 'd ) how do -- wait -- that be you on the phone at the auction ? smith I know how much you want it . samantha but I be go to buy it for myself . smith I want to give it to you ... for we anniversary . we meet five year ago today . samantha ( beat ; have no idea ) right . he smile , sit down on the bed . smith do you like it ? samantha to be clear -- this be a ring with diamond -- not a diamond ring , right ? ( off he nod ) in that case ... I love it . ( re ; underwear ) it 's my second favorite thing I have ever find in there . she kiss he , touch -- then reach in he underwear . samantha ( cont 'd ) now , my gift 's a little bit more ... oral . smith Babe -- I have get to go to bed . samantha bed ? it 's seven-thirty . 27b . smith I have to be at the studio by six a.m. and I need to get a workout before that . samantha this be how it start . next thing you know ... we be only have sex three or four time a week . smith most people consider that normal . samantha I be not most people . smith no - you most certainly be not . he smile , lean in and give she a hot -- hot kiss . the kiss lead -- to reach into underwear ... as they start . 30b int . beachouse / bedroom -- night 30 B Smith be lay in bed . sound asleep . the clock on the bed table read : 9:01 . 30c ext . beachouse / jacuzzi -- continuous 30c night . samantha sit in the jacuzzi wear she ring -- sip a glass of wine -- bored . carrie ( v.o. ) one glass of merlot and two orgasm later . samantha hear moaning . the sound of someone have sex in the house right next door . she look -- from the hot tub she can see she neighbor dante -- hot , dark -- " sex on a stick " in he live room make wild love to a red haire woman . they be naked . samantha watch and sip -- not so bored . carrie ( cont 'd ) and that be how samantha learn she have a new neighbor . 31 int . big be sublet -- night -- summer 31 carrie enter the apartment . it be dark -ish . a candle or two be light . 27c . carrie ( soft ) John ? the terrace door be open . the curtain blow , gently . she walk out onto it . 31a ext . big be sublet -- continuous 31a as she step out onto the terrace . Big come up behind she . he -- lean she against the door jamb and kiss she . it 's hot . he kiss she -- slide down the front of she body . 32 int . big' sublet / bedroom -- later -- summer 32 Big be in bed wear " half glass , " read the Wall Street Journal . carrie enter from the bathroom and hop into bed . she grab a library book from the night stand and look over . carrie lean ? he nod and lift up one of he arm . she slide over and nestle in , lean up against he . she open she book . he look down at it . big be you the last person in New York still take out library book ? 28 . carrie I love the smell . she smell the book , then hold it up to he . he smell . big that 's a old one . carrie " the Love letter of great Men . " volume one . big be I in there ? carrie no , but some of you classmate be . voltaire , napoleon ... Big smile . she take the glass off he face and put they on , look at book . big you need to get glass . carrie no , I do not -- you have they . ( then ; off book ) here 's napoleon ... ( read ) " my dearest josephine , I wake consume with thought of you -- " big typical short guy . give it all away up front . she punch he a little , continue to read . big ( cont 'd ) why be you read this ? carrie Research for my new book . big what 's it about ? carrie Love . I use to write about find love -- now I want to write about what happen after you have find it . 28a . big interesting . what happen ? carrie stay tune . 29 . he smile . she look at the book again . carrie ( cont 'd ) listen ... here 's Beethoven . big bring it , ludwig . carrie ( reading ) " my thought go out to you today my immortal beloved . I can live only wholly with you or not at all . " big good stuff . carrie ( reading ) " be calm my life , my all . only by calm consideration of we existence can we achieve we purpose to live together . oh continue to love I , never misjudge the most faithful heart of you beloved . ever thine -- ever mine -- ever ours . silence . the beautiful sentiment hang in the air . she close the book and look up at he . carrie ( cont 'd ) have you ever write I a love letter ? big do a love fax count ? carrie when have I ever get a love fax ? big I be pretty sure my secretary send one at some point . carrie look at he , mock disappointed . big ( cont 'd ) what can I say , baby ? not my style . ( beat ) besides , this guy have to write -- they be separate from they love by war and hundred of mile . I be right here . ( more ) 30 . big ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) hi. she smile . he kiss she on the forehead . sincere . big ( cont 'd ) you make I very happy . carrie yeah , yeah .... put it in write . he laugh , she look at she book , turn a page and read . after a beat , he put down he paper . big alright . here 's a love letter from I to you . she look up at he , excited . he speak romantically . big ( cont 'd ) love you . be easy ... `cause you beautiful ... Big continue -- now singing the minnie ripperton classic . big ( cont 'd ) every day of my life be filled with loving you . LA LA LA LA LA LA LA ooooooooooooooo . carrie laugh as he continue to massacre the high note . 33 ext . new york public library - day -- summer 33 carrie run past the stone lion and up the grand stair hold three library book in she hand . 34 int . new york public library / lobby -- later -- summer 34 carrie stand at the entrance while a female guard ( 60 ) check the content of she purse . a floral delivery man come in carry a gorgeous arrangement of white flowers . he call to the Guard . delivery man which way 's the wedding ? the Guard point , bored . carrie look , interested . 30a . 35 int . new york public library / wedding space -- moment later 5 3 a beautiful space . the table be be set up as more flowers arrive . carrie tip -toe in and look around . a smile grow on she face . 31 . 36 int . restaurant -- night -- summer 36 carrie and Big sit at the bar -- have dinner . carrie I have be think . big again ? carrie how about we get marry at the New York Public Library ? ( gushy and silly ) think how perfect . you and I and we love story surround by all the other lesser love storey . big do we have to make that big of a deal ? carrie it 's not that big a deal . it 's seventy - five people in a room that 's partition in half . big it 's just -- I have already have two big wedding . carrie wince -- stung . after a beat , she go on . carrie well , what do you have in mind ? big I do not know -- a judge , couple friend and then we go for ham and egg after . a bucket of cold water . carrie interesting . Big look over at she . she look upset , hurt , sad . silence . big would we have to whisper ? in the library ? 32 . carrie look over at he , soften a little . big ( cont 'd ) " do you , carrie " -- shhhh . " take this man " -- shhhh ! he raise he eyebrow . she laugh . elaine ( 40 ) Zaftig , jewish -- spot carrie . elaine carrie , hi ! carrie Elaine , hi . do you know John ? elaine no , hi . Nice to meet you . carrie Elaine write a single gal column for the New York Post . elaine please -- I would rather you reveal my weight . carrie and Big laugh . elaine ( cont 'd ) v.o. ) so , what 's new ? carrie well . we be get marry . big yep -- at the New York Public Library . carrie look at Big , touch . Elaine be delighted , tearful . elaine oh , my God ! this give I such hope . she hug carrie , then hug Big . then hug Big again . elaine ( cont 'd ) thank - you . thank - you for marrying someone we age . 33 . 37 int . charlotte's apartment / dine room -- day -- summer 37 Charlotte , Harry and lily be have breakfast . a king charle spaniel and two mutt sit on the floor look up at they . Charlotte page through the New York Post -- she notice something . close on : newspaper ; a small photo : of carrie on " page six " above a mention of the wedding . Charlotte scream . Harry and lily jump . she grab the cordless phone from the table . 38 int . big be sublet -- moment later 38 intercut with carrie on the phone as Big sip coffee . charlotte ( read paper ) " the ultimate single gal carrie bradshaw will be marry in manolos to New York financier John James Preston come fall . " carrie ( to Big ) we wedding 's on page six . big ( not pleased ) who would put that in there ? carrie shrug , Charlotte continue read . charlotte " prove to single gal everywhere that there can be a happy end over forty . " carrie oh , I know who . 39 ext . NYC STREET -- day -- later -- summer 39 carrie be walk down the street with stanford . carrie ( v.o. ) later that day , I meet my friend Stanford for we weekly quick lunch and gossip session ... also know as " dish then dash . " 33A . stanford accord to a certain trashy tome , you be marrying John James Preston . carrie rumor have it . stanford just one question : do Big know ? carrie ( laugh ; then ) where be we eat ? stanford anywhere you like ... and you know the rule -- the person on page six pay for lunch . carrie laugh . two women spot she and scream . she and Stanford react as the woman gush . 34 . 40 int . restaurant -- later -- summer 40 carrie and Stanford be mid-meal . Three gay male friend ( 3o - 40 ) stand at they table and gush . carrie ( v.o. ) it seem everywhere I go ... people I know be excited and available to come to the wedding . a waitress ( 23 ) place a check on the table . Stanford look at it , then lean in to waitress . stanford you forget to charge we for the gaggle of gay . 41 ext . STREET -- later -- summer 41 carrie and Stanford be walk by a nail salon as bitsy von muffling , socialite , come run out -- mid-pedicure . she be barefoot with foam pad stick between she paint toe . bitsy carrie bradshaw Preston ! carrie bradshaw Preston ! carrie and Stanford stop -- turn around . bitsy gush . bitsy ( cont 'd ) mazel tov ! saw you on page six ! September ? October ? when ? ( beat ; realize foot ) look ! will you look ! I get so excited -- no shoe . I be stand barefoot on a New York sidewalk probably get trichinoses . she hurry away , turn back to call as she go . bitsy ( cont 'd ) we be at the same address -- different floor . just send it -- they will get we the invite . she wave , go back inside . carrie look stunne . carrie ( v.o. ) the shocking thing be not the plethora of empty autumn social calender but knowledge that everyone do indeed read page six . 34a . 41a int . vogue office / reception area -- day -- summer 41a carrie open the glass door and walk into the vogue office . carrie ( v.o. ) even people you do not expect , like my vogue editor , enid . 42 int . vogue office / enid' office -- later 42 carrie be with enid ( 60 ) she stun , icy vogue editor . enid we be put together we annual " Age " issue -- and we would like you to do forty . carrie great . who be I interview ? enid no. you . you be forty . I want you to be feature in the magazine as the forty year old -- and here 's the brilliant twist -- bride . carrie wait -- I would be in the magazine ? 35 . enid in bridal couture . it 's a once in a lifetime opportunity - so spare I a week of faux soul - search and just say yes . carrie enid -- I be so very flatter but -- enid carrie . vogue designer , vogue photographer , vogue airbrush . ( beat ) nod you head : yes . carrie smile and nod . enid ( cont 'd ) thank - you . it will be a sensation . we be call it : " the last single girl . " carrie well , I be hardly the last single girl . enid no , but forty be the last age you can see a woman photograph in a wedding gown without the unintend Diane arbus subtext . carrie I think the issue be " great style at every age . " enid style yes ... bride no . carrie ( smile ; then ) enid -- I have no idea -- be you ever marry ? enid briefly . in 1975 . I wear Halston . creme . one shoulder grecian with a low - cut bodice to the waistline for a dramatic flair . the fabric in the sleeve form oval drape on the side . stun . my future husband and I see it on a trip to Paris and he fall in love with it . ( more ) 35a . enid ( cont 'd ) insisted I be marry in it . so I be . we have quite a beautiful party . carrie ( smile ; then delicately ) why do not the marriage work out ? enid do you not hear I say my husband fall in love with my gown ? ( beat ; off carrie 's nod ) have you fiancée express any interest in what you will be wear ? carrie none at all . enid then you may have a shot . 36 . 43 int . vogue photo shoot set -- day -- summer 43 carrie stand on the set of a vogue photo shoot wear a gorgeous vera wang gown . Hair , make - up : stun . she be surround by vogue stylist and crew . carrie look over to samantha , Stanford and Charlotte stand on the side - line , watch . they signal they approval . carrie smile ... tentative -- but excited . samantha she 's look quite at home for someone who do not think she have the bride gene . charlotte well , I guess with the right man ... stanford ... and the right dress . Charlotte and samantha smile . stanford ( cont 'd ) when I get marry , I be wear something like that . but bigger . samantha and Charlotte laugh . the photographer start work . flash ! carrie pose . flash ! carrie ( v.o. ) just you typical Wednesday . Breakfast with ... Vera wang . flash ! carrie in another gorgeous wedding wedding gown . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) mid-morn coffee with .... Carolina herrera . flash ! carrie in another famous designer wedding gown . samantha hold up she iphone and take a photograph of carrie . Charlotte look at it , smile , then press -- " send . " 43a int . miranda's office -- continuous 43a miranda be at she desk , work -- she phone -- " beep . " she pick it up -- close on : phone announce a photo arrival . she open the photo - it 's carrie in the wedding dress . miranda smile . 36a . 43b int . vogue photo shoot set -- continuous 43b flash ! carrie in another famous designer wedding gown . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) appetizer with oscar de la renta . flash : jump CUT to : carrie in another famous designer wedding gown . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) lunch with lanvin ... flash : jump CUT to : carrie in another famous designer wedding gown . carrie ( v.o. ) ... and lacroix . flash : jump CUT to : carrie in another famous designer wedding gown . carrie ( v.o. ) ... and dior . flash : carrie in the final famous designer wedding gown . this be the most sensational topper . she look " beyond , beyond " beautiful in it . carrie ( cont 'd ) and for dessert -- vivienne westwood . 37 . Charlotte and Stanford be look at carrie , move . carrie ( cont 'd ) a confection so special ... samantha reach up and wipe away a tear . carrie ( cont 'd ) ... it could wring a wedding tear from even the most unbely of woman . 44 int . carrie' apartment -- day -- summer 44 carrie open the door to find a delivery man stand there with a very large dress box tie by a lush ribbon . carrie ( v.o. ) and then the impossible happen . jump CUT to : carrie pull back the tissue paper to reveal : she favorite wedding gown . carrie pick up a hand - write note on a engrave note card from vivienne westwood . it read : " I see the photo from the shoot . this dress belong to you . cheer ! " 45 int . carrie' apartment /closet -- later -- summer 45 carrie peek around the closet and look in . the gown be hang next to the white suit , dwarf it . carrie ( v.o. ) and just like that , vivienne westwood kick my sweet little suit 's ass . 49 int . penthouse / bedroom -- day -- late summer 49 Big lead carrie into they new bedroom by the hand . her eye be close and she have a designer shopping bag sling over she one arm . he move she around the construction debris , stop in front of the new closet 's double door . big okay . open they . carrie open she eye . carrie double door . so far so good . 40 . she open the closet door , revealing a beautiful oversize , walk - in closet with shelf and more shelf and place for shoe and more shoe . carrie ( cont 'd ) well . you do I proud , mister . big like it ? carrie like it ? it 's love at first sight . he smile , proud . she take the designer shoe box out of she shopping bag and hand it to he . she open the lid , take out a pair of colorful / fun heel and place they on the shelf . she turn back to he . carrie ( cont 'd ) now , I believe this be all really happen . 50 int . carrie' apartment -- day -- late summer 50 miranda , Charlotte and carrie be stand in carrie 's apartment . empty box be everywhere . lily be coloring quietly nearby . miranda I can not believe it sell so fast . charlotte it 's a sign . carrie yeah , a sign I priced it too low . the door buzze . carrie push the intercom button . carrie ( cont 'd ) that 's the food -- money on the table . ( beat ) I will get start in the closet ... I should be do in seventeen year . carrie start into the bathroom . Charlotte call : charlotte pink Post - it -- take . purple -- toss . yellow : storage . 41 . carrie ( o.c ) ( Calling out ) you be good friend . there be a knock on the door . miranda open it . samantha stand there with she carry - on luggage . charlotte samantha ! oh my God ! carrie re-enter from the bathroom ... stunne . carrie what be you do here ?! samantha I lot of shit go down in this place . attention must be pay ! she reach into she bag and pull out a bottle of champagne . they all cheer . she reach in again and pull out another bottle . more cheer . 51 int . carrie' apartment / bedroom -- later 51 samantha be pack carrie 's collection of CD 's , tape and album . she put on a " best of the 80' " CD . music start : run dmc &amp ; aerosmith : " walk this way . " carrie come out of she closet wear a outfit that scream " 80' . " lily look up from she coloring . miranda , Charlotte and samantha sit on the bed drink champagne . carrie pose . they hold up hand - write sign : " take " or " toss . " jump CUT to : carrie come out of the closet wear another " 80 's " outfit . the girl vote : " take , take , toss . " carrie nod . jump CUT to : carrie come out of the closet wear a tight pink top and a tutu . the girl laugh ; then all hold up : " toss . " carrie react . jump CUT to : carrie come out wear a late " 90 's " outfit . the girl vote : " take , take , take . " carrie be thrilled - she keep it . jump CUT to : miranda wear something from carrie 's closet . jump CUT to : Charlotte wear something from carrie 's closet . jump CUT to : samantha wear something from carrie 's closet . 41a . jump CUT to : carrie , miranda , Charlotte and samantha laughing -- at something . reveal : lily stand in the closet , naked except for she training underpant . her arm be outstretch and drape with carrie 's small purse and bag . 52 int . carrie' apartment -- night -- late summer 52 the girl in the apartment be surround by many , box . 42 . carrie ( v.o. ) it take four friend , three day to put twenty year into twenty - eight box . 53 int . carrie' apartment -- day -- late summer 53 carrie walk through she now , empty apartment . she take one last long look and leave . end music . 54 int . rest home -- day -- late summer 54 Steve sit in a chair as miranda hand a cup of tea to he mother mary . she look up at miranda , lose . mary who be you again ? miranda oh , you know I -- I be you daughter - in- law . ( beat ; then ) I be miranda . mary that 's right . miranda nod and smile . Steve watch , touch . 55 int . miranda and steve's house / kitchen -- night -- lo. summer 55 miranda be put away grocery . Steve be sit at the kitchen table . miranda while I run over to see you mother tomorrow maybe you can take he to the first birthday party alone . then -- I will meet you at the twin ' party and you can leave and be at the bar by six . she look over at he . he look strange . miranda ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? Steve . he start cry . steve -- I have sex with someone else . 43. miranda can not believe she ear . steve ( cont 'd ) -- and you be so amazing with ma and everything ... everything you do and I can not believe I would do that to you . miranda just sit -- look at he . steve ( cont 'd ) you and I have not have sex in a really long time and I -- miranda shake she head , turn and walk out of the kitchen . he get up and follow she . steve ( cont 'd ) it do not mean anything -- it be just once ... and it 's be kill I . she stop and turn around . he stop . miranda it 's kill you ?! she start down the hall again . he 's on she heel . steve ( cont 'd ) it just happen ... I be not think . miranda do not follow I . she start up the stair . he stop at the bottom and watch she go . lose as to what to do next . 56 int . big sublet -- a little later -- late summer 56 carrie open the door . miranda stand there with brady . she look like she be about to burst into tear . Big stand in the hall behind carrie . unsure . carrie hi . miranda surprise -- here we be ! 44 . carrie ( to brady ) well , I be so excited you be here for a sleepover . miranda we be too . be not we b-boy ? brady nod . miranda give brady 's hand to carrie . miranda ( cont 'd ) here . mommy have to go to the bathroom . miranda hurry away . carrie look after she , concerned . carrie brady , do you want to go have some peanut butter ? he nod . carrie give he hand to Big and hurry away . Big look at brady . brady look up at he . big peanut butter it be . they walk into the kitchen . 57 int . big sublet / powder room -- a little later 57 miranda be sit on the toilet , seat down . carrie at the sink . miranda apparently you do not have sex for six month he run out and have it with some girl at he bar . carrie Steve . I can not believe it . Steve . miranda Steve . when I think of everything I have do for he . and this be how he repay I . man , if I do not have brady , I would never go back there . miranda look furious . carrie nod , in shock . 45 . 58 int . miranda and steve's bedroom -- night -- late summer 58 Steve be in bed . miranda come in , dress for bed . carrie ( v.o. ) the next night , for the sake of brady , miranda go against she instinct and go home . he throw back the cover . she look at he . steve miranda , it 's still I . miranda be it ? she stand there and look at he . shake she head , exit . 59 int . mercer HOTEL / lobby -- night -- late summer 59 miranda walk into the chic hotel lobby hold brady 's hand . she pull a piece of luggage behind she . carrie ( v.o. ) so miranda leave Brooklyn and come home ... to Manhattan . 60 int . mercer HOTEL lobby / restaurant -- day -- late summer 60 brady sit on a couch in the lobby play with he action figure . a hooded movie actor type ( 25 ) sit slump next he texting on a phone . carrie , miranda , Charlotte and samantha be have brunch at a table nearby . miranda yes , it 's sad , but I be not go to make it any sadder by stay at a bad hotel while I look for a place . pass the salt . Charlotte pass the salt . miranda ( cont 'd ) plus , I have to be downtown and close to Brooklyn . we be go to keep thing as normal for brady as we can . I will pick he up on my day ... take he over on Steve 's . 46 . carrie I do not know if this question be allow -- but how be Steve handle this ? miranda say he 's devastate -- beg I to forgive he . ( beat ) not go to happen . I can barely even look at he . charlotte Steve -- I can not believe it . carrie that 's what I say . samantha miranda , honey -- be you sure you want to do this ? it 's just one time . anyone can have a slip . miranda well , even if I could get my head around that justification -- it 's the cheating part -- the behind my back part ... the violation of the trust -- that 's the thing that 's kill I . samantha nod , take it in . miranda ( cont 'd ) besides ... woman who stay with man who cheat be woman who be afraid to be on they own . and that 's not I -- I can handle it . always could . brady walk over hold a action figure . brady mommy , I want to go home . miranda nod ; keep a brave face . Charlotte look upset . 61 int . charlotte's apartment / bedroom -- night -- late summer 61 Charlotte and Harry be make love , gently . she look into he eye -- speak softly . 46a . charlotte thank - you for be you . he smile , touch . she smile -- he kiss she . carrie ( v.o. ) Charlotte make love to Harry five time that week . 61aa int . samantha's beach house -- night -- fall 61a a Smith and samantha be sit at the dining table . anaka , ( 45 ) a Zen , low - key chef lay down plate in front of they . samantha it 's a little quick to move out , do not you think ? smith her reaction be she reaction . thanks anaka . anaka nod and walk away . samantha he have sex once . not even a affair . smith maybe it 's not the sex . maybe , it 's the cheating . for I ... that would be the thing . that it happen behind my back . samantha that 's what she say . he nod . samantha eat . thinks . smith look . I know we be not marry but - - if you be go to have sex with someone else ... Long pause . he look at she . samantha be you wait for I to get out my datebook ? 46b . smith ( beat ; then ) but ... seriously , I would rather know first . she get up from the table and move over to he . samantha you want I to tell you if I be go to have sex ? Fine . I be about to have sex . she sit on the table directly in front of he and open she leg . anaka enter -- see she position , spin on he heel and walk back out . smith ( as he go ) thanks anaka . 61a int . rest home -- day -- summer 61 a Mary sit in a chair eat dinner from a tray . miranda sit on the edge of the bed near she . miranda I do not know if Steve 's mention anything to you yet -- about we . have he ? Mary shake she head : no -- concerned . miranda nod . miranda ( cont 'd ) well -- we have have some marriage problem -- it 's not necessary to go into the detail but -- I just want you to know that we will not be come to see you together anymore . I will be here Monday , Wednesday and Sunday -- the other day will be Steve . mary who 's Steve ? carrie ( v.o. ) miranda be start to see the upside of Alzheimer 's . 46c . 62 int . big' sublet / den -- night -- late summer 62 the room be crowded with carrie 's box wait to be move . Big be sit at a computer read he email . 47 . Close on screen : we see he email address be john@jjpny.com . he click open a file as carrie enter . carrie wedding crunch time . we need to really get serious here . big not now -- I just get a email from the the contractor -- they push we move - in date again -- and I have to -- carrie nope . wedding before contractor . unless you be plan to invite he -- which would make the guest list two hundred and one . big two hundred ? Jesus , carrie -- it 's go up again ? carrie blame the New York Post and vogue . two publication that have never before be uttere in the same sentence . big you say : seventy - five people in a partition - off room . carrie it 's the dress . how can I explain this ? it 's like poker -- the dress upped the ante . big Change the dress . carrie no , no , no -- you have not see this dress . this dress may be the whole reason to get marry . well , you and the dress . she sit in he lap . he adjust , uncomfortable . carrie ( cont 'd ) how be you come with you vow ? just a reminder -- you be go to be say this in front of a lot of people , so the pressure be on . 48 . big ( he 's have it ) up , up . I have to finish this . up. he sort of " help she " out of he lap . carrie hey ... big I do not have time for this . carrie this be we wedding and you be not take it seriously . big no , I be not -- it 's a circus ! two hundred people -- page six -- this be my third marriage -- how do you think it make I look ? carrie look at he , stunne by this new information . carrie I do not know that be even a issue . ( beat ) why do not you say anything sooner ? big you want all this . carrie but -- do not you want -- big I want you , carrie . that 's what I want . I would have just go down to city hall . tension . he start out of the room , move a wardrobe box out of he way as he go . she stand there . upset . 63 int . big' sublet / bathroom -- later 63 Big be brush he tooth . there 's a knock . the door open . carrie come in , vulnerable . carrie I think it 's too late for city hall now . 49 . big well , no . I be not suggest -- I be just say . he look at she . she look -- devastate . big ( cont 'd ) see . that be the face I have be try to avoid . come here . she stand there . he go to she , hug she . carrie you be a great man friend . she bury she head in he chest ; relieved . he exhales . 64 int . buddakan restaurant -- night -- fall 64 miranda , Charlotte , Harry , samantha , Smith , Stanford , Anthony , bitsy and other guest be gather around a long beautifully - set table . carrie and Big arrive at the top of the stair . everyone look up and applaud . 64a int . buddakan restauant -- later 64a the dessert be be serve . samantha stand and prepare to speak . Harry hit a glass with a spoon ... people quiet down . samantha now , I know it 's tradition at the rehearsal dinner for the may of honor to reveal embarrassing thing about the bride . but in we group -- she look at carrie , Charlotte and miranda samantha ( cont 'd ) ... we never kiss and tell . carrie , miranda and Charlotte whoop . laughter . samantha ( cont 'd ) so , I would like to make a toast to the groom . from somewhere down the table , karl ( 50 ) a preppy businessman call out ; joke . karl there 's a word he 's hear before ! 50 . the room laugh . Big smile ; tight . carrie lean in . carrie who be that again ? big Karl ... a partner at the firm . carrie Karl 's kind of a jerk . karl ( Calling ) you know what they say -- three time a charm ! samantha ( Calling to Karl ) hey " dick wad " ... I be speak . carrie whooo ! samantha now . there be time when we have we doubt about this gorgeous man . but after careful observation over the last hundred year , my doubt be over . ( lift glass high ) so ... here 's to the groom . a man who finally get " carrie - d " away . Big be touch . then Karl feel the need to add : karl here 's hopin ' , John ! Big smile , he have no choice . he raise he glass . carrie ( Soft ) jackass . 65 ext . buddakan restaurant -- later 65 samantha be out front with Big , Harry and Smith . they be smoking cigar . big quite a toast , samantha . 51 . samantha well , you be quite a guy . they chuckle , then -- samantha 's smile fade . samantha ( cont 'd ) Steve . the man turn as Steve approach . he have a look of real pain and guilt and embarrassment on he face . steve I do not want to bother you all -- big you be not bother we . steve but --- I need to talk to miranda . samantha , could you -- ask she to come out . I do not want to go in . it 's a party and all . samantha be trap ... trap and touch . 66 int . buddakan restauant -- moment later 66 miranda come out of the lady room . samantha spot she . miranda hi . I have not talk to you all night . samantha Steve 's here . the blood drain from miranda 's face . samantha nod . 67 ext . buddakan restaurant -- moment later 67 Steve be stand with Smith , Big and Harry as miranda come out of the restaurant -- samantha look out from inside . miranda could you give we -- the guy go inside . samantha give miranda a look and lead they away . miranda turn . she glare at Steve . 52 . steve you do not leave I any choice . you will not return my call -- you only talk to I in front of the baby when you know I can not say anything . miranda what could you possibly have to say that could make it better ? steve miranda , please ... it be just that one time . please -- I love you -- miranda you break we ! you break we . what we have be break ! Three young single girl ( 25 ) walk past they into the club . they look back at the scene . miranda look down at the ground . Steve be paralyze . miranda turn to leave -- look back at he with dagger and hurt . miranda ( cont 'd ) I change who I be for you . miranda go inside . Steve be a stone . 68 int . buddakan restaurant -- later 68 miranda make she way through the crowded bar . she look very rattle . Big spot she and follow , gently . big hey . be you alright ? miranda no , I be not alright . you two be crazy to get marry . Marriage ruin everything . miranda walk away , upset . he stand there ; shake . 69 int . buddakan restaurant -- later 69 Big be at the bar have a scotch . carrie hurry over to he . she lean in and put she arm on he back . carrie there you be . I think you skip out on I . 53. she smile , kiss he . he smile , sip he scotch . carrie ( cont 'd ) well , the all - gal sleepover be about to commence . you gonna miss I ? big do not go . spend the night with I . carrie oh ... one night will not kill you . and tomorrow you get to have I for the rest of you life . he sip he scotch . she look at he , see a glimmer of something . something that scare she . carrie ( cont 'd ) be everything okay ? he look over -- see she face . scare . big I be just tired -- I guess . carrie reach up and fix Big 's hair . carrie go home and sleep . ( beat ) now , give I a kiss good night . make it good -- it 's the last single girl kiss . he look at she as if to say something , then kiss she . 70 int . charlotte's apartment / bedroom -- later -- fall 70 carrie sit on the bed surround by Charlotte , samantha , and miranda all wear match robe . laying on the floor near the bed -- three open gift box and ribbon . lily sit in carrie 's lap play with carrie 's cell phone -- in she pj 's . carrie ( v.o. ) there we sit ... like a scene out of louisa May alcott 's : " not -so Little woman . " charlotte I always know she would marry Big . 54 . samantha / miranda you do not ! charlotte yes I do ! after every break - up I secretly think : nope . they belong together . samantha you think that after the second break -up ? charlotte yep . miranda after the fifteenth ? carrie ha ha -- hilarious -- we break up a lot . samantha yes , but ... after the break -up -- come the hot make - up sex . Charlotte poke samantha ; indicate lily . samantha roll she eye . carrie 's cell phone ring . lily want to answer it . carrie you want to answer ? go ahead , sweetie ... open it up ... lily open it and hold it up to she face , silent . carrie ( cont 'd ) say something . lily sex . they be all shocked ; then : laughter , even Charlotte . carrie sweetie , that be you first bootie call . samantha be you sure she 's not my child ? carrie , still laugh , wipe a tear away as she take the phone from lily and answer it . 55 . carrie hello ? 71 int . big be sublet -- continuous -- fall 71 Big be sit at the desk , a piece of paper on it . big it 's I . carrie oh my God -- do you just hear lily ? big hey -- I need to talk . carrie put she hand to she ear , block the laughter . big ( cont 'd ) I be sit here try to write this vow and ... ( beat ; then ) be this something we really want to do ? carrie get out of bed ; play it " casual " to the girl . carrie it 's Big . I be gonna take it in the -- she point to the study . Charlotte call to the phone . charlotte ( call ; silly ) get some sleep , groomie ! carrie go into the study and close the door . 72 int . charlotte's apartment /study -- continuous -- fall 72 carrie lean against the door , she face now concerned . carrie what 's the matter ? big it 's just -- everything be great as it be . ( beat ) I do not want to screw it up . 56 . carrie you will not . big I screw it up twice before . Big be silent . carrie be think , think , think . carrie here 's the thing . this be I that you be marrying tomorrow . me. nobody else . big yeah . carrie and I be marrying you . it 's I and you . and you want to know the good news there ? big yeah . carrie we have already both do everything we can to screw it up . he smile . she be very alert -- think , think . carrie ( cont 'd ) be that a smile I be hearing ? big yeah . carrie now , it sound to I like you have get a bit of writer 's block on the vow front . big yeah . carrie and I find - you know - as a professional writer - it 's best to just , you know , stop think about it so much -- and go to bed . and in the morning ... big you know what to do ? 57 . carrie exactly . and if not -- just write this : " I will love you . " simple and to-the-point . and I swear I will not even try to take credit for it . silence . deep silence . carrie ( cont 'd ) you be go to bed now , right ? big okay . good night . carrie I will see you tomorrow . hey . I and you . he hang up . she look terrify . 73 int . charlotte's apartment / bedroom -- later 73 Dark . Charlotte and carrie be share the bed . carrie be wide awake . here eye focus across the room on she gorgeous wedding gown : ready and wait . 74 int . charlotte's apartment / hallway -- next day -- fall 74 miranda be stand in the hall put on she earring . the bedroom door open -- carrie stand there in the wedding gown . carrie and miranda catch eye for a brief moment . there be no word . lily step around from behind carrie . she be wear a long white dress and hold a little purse . she look adorable . carrie there you be ! almost lose you under all that . get you purse ? Charlotte take lily 's hand as Anthony come out of the dining room and spot carrie for the first time . ANTHONY now there 's a bride ! Flowers ! 75 int . charlotte's apartment / dine room -- later 75 a flurry of activity -- attach the veil on carrie . Stanford stand near carrie ready to assist if need . 57a . Harry stand in the pantry doorway watch -- eat a toast bagel . Charlotte take a bite -- carefully . 58 . carrie whose get a mirror ? charlotte behind you . carrie turn to move to the mirror . she be jerked back . carrie Stanford , you be on my dress . ANTHONY get off the dress ! miranda be that a rip ? carrie / ANTHONY where ?! carrie 's cell phone ring . Anthony reach over and pick it up , distract by the dress situation . ANTHONY ( sharp ; into phone ) what ? 76 int . big be sublet -- continuous -- fall 76 intercut with Big ... pace . he do not look rest . big can you put carrie on , please ? ANTHONY not now ... dress emergency . Anthony hang up , toss she phone onto the dining table . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) damage ? what 's the damage ? samantha there 's so much fabric I can not see . ANTHONY can not see anything behind this friggin ' table . go , go -- everyone out into the hall . as the girl start out -- Anthony address Stanford . 58a . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) you be a queen -- you should know how to step around a gown . stanford do not call I a queen . ANTHONY go -- out in the hall , you highness . everyone except for lily move out into the hall . 59 . carrie 's cell ring again . lily pick it up , open it and hold it up to she face -- she say nothing . 77 int . big be sublet -- continuous -- fall 77 Big be stand there . he hear only lily breathe . big hello ? lily close the cell phone . Big react , puzzle . she open she little purse , drop the phone in and walk out . 78 ext . charlotte's apartment -- later -- fall 78 carry and company leave the building , jade new yorker pass by react with awe at the beautiful sight . charlotte lead lily over to harry who be wait by the sedan . he make a fuss over how cute she look . 79 ext . big be sublet -- continuous -- fall 79 Big 's driver raoul ( 55 ) be wait out front next to he car , smoking . Big leave he building talk on he phone . carrie ( v.o. ) it 's carrie ... leave I a message . big why be not you call I back ? I really need to talk to you . call I back as soon as you get this . he close phone . raoul open the back door . 80 int . library -- later -- fall 80 wedding guest arrive . bitsy come up to Stanford . a driver follow she carry a large box from tiffany . stanford look like someone have breakfast at Tiffany . bitsy sweetheart , look at the size ... it 's breakfast , lunch and dinner at Tiffany . ( more ) 59a . bitsy ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) gift ? Stanford chuckle as he point . she point to the driver and they walk away . Anthony come over to Stanford . ANTHONY we have a problem . stanford I know , but for carrie 's sake I have decide to ignore you attitude . ANTHONY no , a real problem . they be not here . stanford they be probably stick in traffic . ANTHONY both of they ? 60 . Stanford give a look of concern . Anthony nod . 81 ext . library -- later -- fall 81 Big 's car be park in front of the library . raoul be lean against it look at he watch . 82 int . big be car - continuous -- fall 82 Big be on the phone , smoking one of raoul 's cigarettes . carrie ( v.o. ) this be carrie , leave a message . big I be out front -- wait . I can not go in without you . he take a drag on the cigarette . exhales . big ( cont 'd ) baby , this whole bride and groom thing have really throw I . I need to know that it 's still we . just like you say . I and you . raoul knock on the window . Big look out . the girl be in the process of climb out of the limo . Big close the phone and look . carrie get out of the limo , she back to he . big ( cont 'd ) turn around baby , let I see you . just as he 's about to see she face -- Charlotte pull the veil over it . carrie be go -- all Big can see be a bride . he sink back into he seat and away from the window as the girl hurry up the library stair . 83 int . library / wedding area -- moment later -- fall 83 Anthony and Stanford be wait , as be Harry with lily and magda with brady , who be wear a little tux with short and knee sock hold a ring pillow . a flurry of high heel clicking on a marble floor be hear as carrie and the girl arrive around a corner . magda gasp , overjoy when she see carrie in she dress . miranda traffic be the worst -- 61 . miranda kneel to hug brady . samantha fluff carrie . samantha ready . we be ready . samantha look over . Anthony have a weird look on he face . stanford he 's not here yet . samantha who 's not ? ANTHONY the groom . carrie lift up she veil with one arm and look out from under it . she be on super high - alert . carrie what 's happen ? samantha Big 's not here . charlotte but we be twenty - five minute late . carrie do anyone call he ? ( beat ; nothing ) give I a phone . someone give I a phone . samantha hand she the iphone . carrie look at it . carrie ( cont 'd ) ( tight / control ) I do not know how to work this . Stanford hand she a phone . as she dial she catch a worried look on Charlotte 's face . carrie turn away and hold the phone to she ear , wait . wait . then -- carrie ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) be you okay ? 84 int . big be car -- continuous -- fall 84 Big be sit in the car as it move down a side street . 61a . big I have be call you for a hour . why have not you be answer you phone ? 62 . carrie ( anxiety escape ) I do not know where my phone be ! ( beat ) what be go on ? where be you ? big ( beat ; then ) I be out front -- but I just leave . I can not do this . carrie ( in pain ) oh my God -- carrie drop the phone from she ear -- she 's hear the word . the word on some level she be expect . carrie ( cont 'd ) he 's not come . oh my god. the phone slip out of she hand and land on the floor . Charlotte , miranda , and samantha do not know what to do . samantha what do you mean he 's not come ? carrie get I out of here . ( beat ; a plea ) -- get I out of here ! samantha go , go . you take she . I will stay here and deal with this -- she gesture to the wedding area . miranda and Charlotte take carrie 's arm and quickly start move she away . horror on all of they face . brady call after they , he voice echoes off the marble . brady where you go , mommy ?! samantha look at Stanford and Anthony -- speechless . 85 ext . library -- moment later -- fall 85 the limo driver slam the limo door . carrie be see through the window , sit in back -- stunne . miranda and Charlotte be in the back next to she -- stunne . 63. 86 int . big be car -- continuous -- fall 86 Big sit , pale , stare off as the car drive away . big ( sudden realization ) what the fuck be I do ? what the fuck be I do ? ( to raoul ) turn around and go back . raoul it 's a one way street . I have to go around the block . big by the time we go around the block she will be go . no one 's behind we - - turn around ! 87 ext . 41st STREET -- continuous -- fall 87 Big 's car make a quick three - point turn and start back up the one - way street as carrie 's limo turn onto it . 88 int . big be car -- continuous -- fall 88 raoul see the limo -- come . raoul I think this be they . big pull over . pull over . Big 's car pull over , as the limo approach . Big power down he window -- as the limo pass , he see carrie in the window -- rest she head against the glass , listless . big ( cont 'd ) carrie ! carrie look up , and see 's Big . he smile a apologetically smile . her limo keep on move . Big watch it go . until ... 89 ext . 41st STREET -- continuous -- fall 89 the limo screech to a halt . the back door fly open and carrie almost leap out . Big see she , he look relieved . 64 . she hurry up the street to Big 's car hold she bouquet . Big get out of he car just as carrie reach he . big I freak out for a minute -- but -- I be ready now -- carrie hit he with she bouquet . it 's a violent direct hit on he face . he recoil . she hit he again , hard ... a wounded sound escape she throat . big ( cont 'd ) carrie ! she hit he again . he duck back into the car for protection . she hit the bouquet on the roof of the car -- the flower start break apart and fly everywhere . carrie I know you would do this -- I know it ! miranda reach carrie and hold she back by she waist . Big get back out of the car and start over to she . big I be sorry -- I just -- with all she have leave , she throw the break bouquet at he . carrie you leave ! I be humiliate ! carrie start cry . Charlotte have arrive . carrie turn and fall into she arm . miranda and Charlotte lead she away . Big start over to follow . big carrie , wait -- Charlotte whip she head around and stare he down . charlotte no ! he stop in he track . a waitress ( 20' ) at the brant Park Cafe nearby " over - pour " water into a customer be glass -- rivete by the scene . miranda and Charlotte move carrie back into the limo . a cab come down the street and honk at Big stand in the road ; daze . 64a . 90 int . charlotte's apartment /study -- later -- fall 90 carrie sit in a chair . she be hold a glass and have a Hermes blanket wrap around she . 65 . miranda sit nearby hold a bottle of vodka . samantha pace , work on she iphone . carrie I think I would still be in extreme pain but I be feel nothing . carrie reach over and hold out she glass . carrie ( cont 'd ) I would like a little more nothing . miranda nod and pour some more vodka into it ... carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have go from Little woman to Little drunk woman . Charlotte enter and look over at carrie , soulfully . carrie ( cont 'd ) yes , I be still jilted . samantha what the hell get into he ? he be perfectly fine at the dinner . miranda sip she vodka -- should she say anything ? carrie I know it when he call last night . I could tell . samantha why do not you say anything ? she shrug and sip . carrie do not want to believe it . do not even want to say it out loud . ( beat ) and now I have nowhere to love -- ( beat ; then ) I mean live . I have nowhere to live . charlotte you will stay here . carrie forever . 65a . she sip . Charlotte look at she , concerned . 66 . charlotte maybe you should eat something . she shake she head . Charlotte look at the other . charlotte ( cont 'd ) anyone hungry ? they shake they head ; no . carrie well , if you change you mind , I know where we can get one hundred beef , seventy - five fish and twenty - five vegetarian meal . she sip . Charlotte rub she back . she sip . carrie ( cont 'd ) and my clothes . all my clothes . I can never go over there again . how be I go to get my clothes ? samantha oh , honey -- I can hire people to do all that . anything you need . carrie a hit man ? ( beat ) I have nothing to wear but a wedding gown . charlotte you have you honeymoon stuff here . carrie there 's the silver lining . a honeymoon to a romantic mexican resort that 's pre-paid on my credit card because I want to surprise the man who jilted I . samantha I can get you out of that . worse come to worse -- I will say there be a death or something . carrie be not there ? she sip , look sad . 66a . 90a int . charlotte's apartment / lily room -- later 90 a Charlotte lean down and tuck in the sleep lily . she pick up a " chinese baby doll " and nestle it under lily 's arm , then turn and start out . 67 . 91 int . charlotte's apartment /hallway -- continuous 91 miranda be stand in the hall as Charlotte enter from lily 's room . miranda I do something really bad -- I think . Charlotte look at she . miranda ( cont 'd ) I say something to Big . at the rehearsal dinner . charlotte what do you mean ? miranda it be right after Steve show up . I be upset ... Big come up to I -- and I say something like : you be crazy to get marry . ( off she look ) it just come out . Charlotte nod try to understand . miranda ( cont 'd ) do you think it be totally the reason ? charlotte ( cut she a break ) no , no , no . Big have be weird about marriage for year . miranda I keep think I should tell carrie . charlotte no , no . this be a really bad time to even mention it - no , no , no . find another time . later . samantha come down the hall . she be energize . samantha well , turn out , I could not get she out of the honeymoon -- but I get we in . 68 . miranda what ? samantha I just book we three seat on the flight . Mexico here we come . Charlotte and miranda react ; completely throw . miranda I can not go to Mexico . I have a job . samantha indicate carrie -- sit in the de stare off to nowhere , deeply sad -- devastate . 92 ext . mexican resort / road -- sunset 92 a lush tropical road with a view of the sun set on the ocean . a large open air golf cart come around the bend hold the girl . carrie 's hair blow in the breeze , she sunglass firmly in place . 93 ext . mexican resort / house -- a little later 93 a gorgeous romantic private house surround by tropical splendor . the cart arrive in front . the door be open and paulo ( 38 ) the butler stand there hold a tray with two beautiful tropical drink . he be surprised when he see the four woman , but he cover , effortlessly . paulo welcome to Mexico . samantha Buenos dias . carrie get out of the cart and go into the house -- follow by Charlotte and miranda . samantha arrive and pick up a drink off the tray . paulo I be sorry . I be confuse . I be wait for a Mr. and Mrs. Preston . samantha honey , you will be wait for a long time . she sip the drink , then look at he , " familiar . " 69 . samantha ( cont 'd ) we will talk . 94 int . mexican resort house / MAIN room -- continuous 94 Charlotte and miranda stand look at the gorgeous , romantic private mexican bungalow . samantha enter ; look . samantha this ... will kill she . ( beat ) where be she ? charlotte in the powder room . 95 int . mexican resort house / powder room -- continuous 95 carrie stand look in the mirror . she take off she sunglass . her eye be red , red , red . she splashes water on she face and look at herself in the beautiful mexican mirror . 96 int . mexican resort house / master bedroom -- moment later 96 Paulo lead miranda , Charlotte , and samantha into the romantic bedroom suite . on the bed -- rise petal be scattered in the shape of a large heart . miranda oh my God ! miranda and Charlotte quickly grab the bed cover and jerk it up -- throw all the rise petal off . Paulo watch . miranda address he in a very intense whisper . miranda ( cont 'd ) no more honeymoon stuff . this be very important . have I make myself clear ? 97 int . mexican resort house -- continuous 97 carrie exit the powder room , she sunglass in she hand . she stand in the entry way ; alone . she look out at the main room ; the beautiful view , the romance . her eye start to water . a porter enter with the bag . carrie hide she face , acknowledge he with a nod . 70 . 98 int . mexican resort house / master bedroom -- continuous 98 carrie enter and move directly to the bed , past Charlotte where miranda be sit talk on she cell . miranda magda -- I will talk to you tomorrow miranda hang up as carrie crawl onto the bed and lay down . the pink sunset light flood across she face . samantha well , it 's a gorgeous sunset . carrie Close the shutter . Paulo move over to the window and start close the shutter . the sun be slowly shutter out . carrie ( cont 'd ) all of they . carrie close she eye . darkness fall across she face . 99 int . mexican resort house / master bedroom -- morning 99 the room be dark except for the bright sunlight strain to get in between the crack of the close shutter . carrie be asleep . miranda sit on the bed . carrie stir , half waking ... miranda smile . miranda Morning . carrie do I dream it ? miranda shake she head , no . carrie close she eye , fall back asleep . 100 int . mexican resort house / master bedroom -- dusk 100 Dark . carrie be still asleep . Charlotte sit on the bed . she gently shake carrie . carrie open she eye . charlotte carrie , it 's dinner time . you sleep the whole day . 71 . carrie so ? carrie close she eye . Charlotte exhales , concerned . 101 int . mexican resort house / master bedroom -- morning 101 a " tingling of glass " sound wake carrie . she open she eye and look . samantha be just sit on the bed with a breakfast tray . samantha honey , you have to eat a little breakfast . carrie I be tired . samantha eat something and you can go back to sleep . samantha hold up a bowl of yogurt . carrie adjust on she pillow a little . samantha feed carrie a spoonful of yogurt . carrie look at she . samantha nod . 102 ext . mexican resort house / patio -- later 102 samantha , miranda and Charlotte be sit have lunch . Charlotte open a pre-package " snack pack " chocolate pudding . she peel the lid off , take a spoon and start eat . samantha with all this gorgeous fresh food you be just go to eat that pudding crap the entire trip ? charlotte it 's the only thing in the pantry that 's totally safe . ( hold up lid ) see. make in poughkeepsie . I do not want to chance it . miranda it 's a five-star resort . charlotte it 's Mexico . 72 . the bedroom door open . carrie walk out . the sun hit she eye . she squint . charlotte ( cont 'd ) carrie ! carrie be there coffee ? 103 ext . mexican resort house / patio -- later 103 all four girl be lay in the sun in bathing suit read magazine . miranda re-adjust she body , stretch out on she beach chair . miranda the sun feel nice . samantha look over at she and notice something . samantha Jesus , honey . Wax much ? miranda look up at samantha . samantha indicate she swimsuit crotch area ... which be badly in need of a wax . miranda grab she towel and cover she crotch area . miranda -- what ? I do not know I be go to be in a swimsuit . carrie and Charlotte look up from they magazine . charlotte what be you talk about ? miranda I forget to get a wax . samantha since when -- 1998 ? carrie look away , resume read . miranda I have have other thing on my mind . samantha I could be on death row and not have that situation . 73. miranda well , when you be marry , samantha -- you have a different set of priority . samantha honey do not blame marriage -- ( be : Charlotte ) this one 's marry -- and she 's not grow a national forest . how do you even cross you leg ? ( beat ) let I make you a spa appointment -- any thicker and you will not be able to find it . miranda get up from the chair and look at she , mad . miranda so what -- it 's my fault ?! I let the sex go out of we marriage ! I deserve what I get . thanks for understanding . she walk away . samantha call after she . samantha honey , I be sorry . that 's not what -- miranda I be fine ! miranda go inside . carry throw she magazine down . carrie let 's go down to the hotel for dinner on the beach tonight . charlotte really ? carrie yeah . I have get to do something to pull I out of my mexicoma . samantha oh , honey ... you make a little joke . good for you . samantha nod . Charlotte smile ; encourage . 74 . 104 ext . mexican resort / HOTEL restaurant -- later 104 a romantic open - air restaurant on the beach . a mariachi band be serenade honeymoon couple . a male host lead the girl across the small dance floor to they table . as they walk miranda notice a slow dance twenty - something honeymoon couple kissing -- very much in love . miranda ( to carrie ) do not look to you -- carrie too late . they arrive at they table and the host place down menus . felix , ( 40 ) the waiter come up to they . maitre ' D Buenos notches . my name be Felix , I `ll be you server . samantha ( to Felix ) Felix -- we will start with quatro margaritas . charlotte no , I be not drink . just bottled water . carrie ( to waiter ) I will drink hers . felix May I have you room number ? carrie we be stay in one of the private house . number three . he look down onto a list he be hold , then up to carrie . maitre ' D very good , Mrs. Preston . the waiter smile and walk away . carrie that be like take a bullet . 74a . miranda , samantha , and carrie look at the menu . Charlotte reach into she purse and pull out a little pudding and place it on the table . they all look at she . miranda Charlotte have pudding in she prada . samantha laugh . miranda smile . carrie look . carrie will I ever laugh again ? ( beat ; then ) I be serious . miranda yes . carrie when ? miranda when something be really , really funny . the mariachi band stroll by play . carrie thank god for that mariachi band or I would be able to hear my own thought . Felix re-enter with the drink . samantha fabulous -- and keep they come . 104a ext . mexican resort / HOTEL restaurant -- later 104a food be on the table -- but carrie , miranda and samantha be mostly drink . Charlotte be eat she pudding . carrie after everything I know ... after twenty year of everything we have learn -- I throw it all away for the thrill of put he name on the honeymoon suite . ( beat ) if I meet I now -- I would not know I . 74b . samantha well , as long as we be go down this road . they look at she -- she sip she cocktail . samantha ( cont 'd ) I can not believe my life revolve around a man . on what planet do I allow that to happen ? charlotte you love he . samantha do that mean say he name fifty time more a day than I say my own ? do it mean worry about he and he need before I and mine ? be it all about the other person ? be that love ? miranda no , that 's marriage . carrie so , you be say marriage be a bad thing ? good to know right about now . samantha look down at she gardenia ring . samantha even this ring . I want to buy this for myself . that mean something to I . to be able to do that . then , he busy it for I . charlotte because he know how much you love it . samantha yes . but now , every time I look down at it ... I see he . not I . charlotte you could look at it and see a man who love you and want you to be happy . samantha no , you could look at it and see that . I be samantha . 74c . the waiter walk over -- samantha ( cont 'd ) we will take another round . charlotte another ? samantha relax -- we be on vacation . carrie technically -- we be on my honeymoon . miranda no -- I think we be on they honeymoon . she point to the twenty -something couple at a nearby table -- who have progress to graphic french kissing . miranda ( cont 'd ) ( call to they ) it 's all so hot -- three day in . 104b ext . mexican resort / HOTEL restaurant -- later 104b the girl be pretty much the only one leave in the restaurant . empty drink glass . carrie he could not get out of the car . after everything he would already put I through -- he could not make the effort and get out of the car ? I make the effort -- I put a bird on my head . miranda be that what that be ? carrie yes . miranda I think it be just feather . carrie no . it be a bird . charlotte it be beautiful . 74d . carrie he 's a bad guy . always be . bad guy do bad thing . miranda and good guy do bad thing . the good guy screw you and the bad guy screw you . samantha and the rest of they do not know how to screw you . trust I -- I have do the leg work . miranda and that be all Steve have -- do not have money -- do not have a career . he be the good guy bartender with a big dick . the all look over at she and react . samantha how big ? charlotte I do not want to know this . samantha eat you pudding . miranda nine . like -- nine and change . carrie that 's nice . kinda balance off the one ball . samantha you can not forgive a man with a dick over nine inch ? ( off miranda 's " no " ) well , honey , if you can not -- some other woman will . Felix come up to the table . felix lady -- the bar be close . charlotte thank God . 74e . carrie ( to Felix ) Mrs. Preston will take the check . samantha and a bottle of tequila . Charlotte 's eye widen . Felix nod . 104c ext . mexican resort / HOTEL restaurant -- later 104c the staff be stack chair -- the mariachi band play . carrie , miranda and samantha be on the beach wading into the water . Charlotte be just off the dance floor -- hold they shoe . charlotte ( call ) do not go all the way in -- there may be shark ! 75- 76 . 106 ext . mexican resort house / patio -- day 106 carrie , miranda and samantha be lay in the shade . miranda be work on she laptop . carrie be cautiously study she cell phone . she read the message " window " . carrie " mail box full . " samantha no time like the present . carrie not ready to face it all yet . carrie put down the phone . Charlotte walk out of the house wear a workout outfit . 77 . charlotte I be go for a run and then to the gym for pilate . anyone want to -- they all shake they head : no . Charlotte trot away . miranda good news . just get a e mail from you buyer 's attorney -- they have agree to sell you back you old apartment at that escalate price . ( read ) and " be willing to vacate by the time you return -- pend a additional financial offer . " carrie well , apparently you can go home again -- but it will cost you . samantha now -- let work on get you thing there . samantha pick up she iphone and start work as miranda type a e mail response . carrie watch they ; touch . carrie you two could rule the world . 107 int . resort / gym changing room -- continuous 107 Charlotte be shower after she workout . carrie ( v.o. ) after she workout Charlotte could not help but think about how truly bless she be . this week have make she feel more grateful than ever for she happy marriage . Charlotte close she eye , let the water flow over she . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and while picture she love one at home in New York , she forget where she be ... Charlotte open she mouth , shower water go in . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and open she mouth . 78 . Charlotte suddenly realize what she 's do . she spit the water out . a panicked look on she face . 108 ext . mexican resort / path -- later 108 Charlotte walk along , look refresh . there 's a gurgling sound in she stomach . her eye widen . she walk quickly . 109 ext . mexican resort / path -- moment later 109 Charlotte be move oddly . walk on the ball of she foot . she pass a worker who be pruning the bush . worker hello miss . Charlotte shake she head ; not now . he look at she . 110 ext . mexican resort house / patio -- moment later 110 carrie and samantha sit read . Charlotte hurry across the patio -- a craze look on she face . carrie sweetie -- what 's -- she shake she head : no and move quickly to a door . she try the handle -- it 's locked . no ! samantha that 's lock -- use the other -- Charlotte start - but stop , cold . she have the look of a trap animal on she face . then - bam , bam , bam , bam . Charlotte 's eye widen . they watch -- stunne . carrie ( v.o. ) and just like that , Charlotte pookeepse in she pants . miranda open the door and stand there . take in the scene . miranda do you -- charlotte shut up , shut up , shut up . 79 . Charlotte duck waddle across the patio to the open door . carrie , samantha and miranda look at each other . carrie burst out laugh . she laugh till she eye water . carrie ( v.o. ) miranda be right -- when something be really , really funny -- I laugh . 111 ext . mexican cliff -- later 111 carrie sit overlook a magnificent view of the ocean . she have she cell phone in she hand . she push a button and listen to the first message . voicemail ( v.o. ) first message . received : Saturday , September twentieth ; twelve-thirty p.m. big ( v.o. ) hey babe -- I need to talk to you before you leave for the -- . carrie impulsively throws she phone off the cliff . it sail through the air . the sun glisten off the pink crystal as it fall to the ocean below . 112 ext . carrie' build -- day -- fall 112 raining . a manhattan storage truck drive away from the front of carrie 's building revealing ... carrie - stand in she front doorway . she exhales , turn and walk back inside . 113 int . carrie' apartment -- moment later 113 carrie swing open the front door -- she live room be fill with box of she clothes , a few of she furniture piece -- many , beautifully wrap wedding gift -- and she wedding gown . carrie ( v.o. ) there be no better time I could think of to hire and assistant . 114 int . starbucks -- day -- fall 114 carrie sit across from a spoiled label queen ( 22 ) wear expensive clothes . 80 . spoiled label queen ummm , no . I do not lift box . yeah , definitely - no. 115 int . starbucks -- later -- fall 115 a large party girl ( 34 ) low cut blouse ; very relaxed . party girl I love you book . you be shit 's brilliant . carrie um , Cathy ... you seem drunk . party girl Little bit . never get to bed last night . ( beat ) but I type like a motherfucker . 116 int . starbucks -- later -- fall 116 a mousey business guy ( 23 ) in a tweed suit and tie . business guy I have a degree in finance from Princeton and for the last two year I have be assistant to a v.p. at merrill Lynch . carrie ( polite / lose ) and why do you think you be right for this job ? he glance at he foot . carrie look down . he be wear high heel . 117 int . starbucks -- later -- fall 117 Louise ( 22 ) African - american -- she hold a louis vuitton denim purse . carrie so , you be from St. Louis ? louise that 's right . Louise from St. Louis . 81 . carrie smile , look down at she resume . carrie have you ever be a personal assistant ? louise no , but I be the oldest of six kid , so I can pretty much handle anything you get . carrie six kid ? what be that like ? louise crowd . I have to move to New York just to get some room . and where would I wind up ? a one bedroom apartment with three roommate . carrie ( laugh ; then ) aside from the space issue ... why would you move to New York ? louise to fall in love . carrie be take aback . louise ( cont 'd ) what ? that 's corny , right ? carrie no , it 's just -- so -- honest . I do not think I have ever hear anyone say that in a long time . Louise look at she , own it . carrie smile , sell . carrie ( cont 'd ) well ... Louise from St. Louis ... I have just one more question . ( beat ) how do a unemployed girl with three roommate afford the patchwork denim bowley Louis vuitton bag ? louise it 's rent . " bag , borrow or steal . " it 's like Netflix for purse . 82. carrie no ! how can I not know about this ? louise girl , stick with I , I will hook you up . 118 int . carrie' apartment -- day -- fall 118 the room be now half - empty of the present . Louise sit in the middle of the clutter -- busy write out note card . carrie ( v.o. ) and she do hook I up . 119 int . carrie' apartment -- day -- fall 119 the space be much more orderly . Louise be kneel on the floor take book out of box and place they on in pile on the floor . carrie enter -- amaze at the progress . her phone ring . Louise answer it instantly . louise carrie bradshaw ... this be Louise . ( listen ; then repeat ) Anne from the New York observer ... she look over at carrie , who shake she head : no. louise ( cont 'd ) I will let she know you call . she hang up and continue work . carrie watch she . 120 int . carrie' apartment -- day -- fall 120 Louise direct two delivery men who be carry a new mattress into the bedroom . carrie watch from she closet surround by box . carrie ( v.o. ) after only three day -- I begin to think of she as Saint Louise from St. Louis . 121 int . miranda's office -- day 121 miranda be sit at she desk , eat a take - out salad while talk on the phone . 82a . miranda ( into phone ) no , I can not be more patient . you agency have have three week to find I a apartment . the office door open -- a twenty -something assistant enter and place some document on the desk in front of she . miranda sign as she chew and talk . miranda ( cont 'd ) no -- I tell you ... it have to be in Manhattan . because it do . ( more ) 83. miranda ( cont 'd ) how hard could it be to find something just on the other side of the Brooklyn Bridge ? the assistant take the document and start away . miranda ( cont 'd ) ( into phone piss ) on second think -- forget it . I could do a better job myself . miranda hang up , exhales . bite she salad . determined . 122 ext . lower east side -- later 122 a ethically diverse neighborhood with ethnically diverse people . miranda walk with brady . a wide eyed magda walk next to she . miranda accord to New York Magazine , this be the new up - and -come neighborhood . a caucasian yuppie dad ( 32 ) with a baby in a snugly come out of bodega . miranda turn to magda . miranda ( cont 'd ) see ! wherever he 's go be where we need to be . miranda , excited about the hunt -- pick up the pace follow after the dad . magda hurry as best as she can . 123 ext . lower east side STREET -- later 123 miranda , brady and magda walk around a corner . magda I have be here before -- this be all ukrainian area . miranda spot a u-haul truck park in front of a building . miranda come or go ? 84 . two nyu - type kide come out of a building carry box . miranda ( cont 'd ) go . oh boy . let go . she start down the street with a clip . 124 ext . lower east side -- later 124 magda be stand out in front of the apartment building with brady . she look -- a hot looking latin guy ( 29 ) with tattoo be sit on the stoop with a pitbull . 125 int . lower east side apartment -- moment later 125 miranda peek into the empty apartment . Nice size , brick wall , big window with a view of a colorful jungle gym on a play ground across the street . her heart start racing . 126 ext . lower east side apartment -- moment later 126 miranda come out of the building out of breath as the nyu kid be go back in . miranda hi. I be interested in the apartment . nyu kid get in line . miranda I understand but -- who would I talk to about it ? nyu kid the super . he point to a sign in lobby . the name : lovro klujcik and a telephone number . miranda write it down . miranda lovro ... -- and I have no idea . ( attempt to pronounce ) ku ... magda ( amaze ) kljuic . lovro klujcik . I know he . 85 . miranda no way . magda we be couple -- long time ago . miranda ( can not believe she luck ) no way -- you date ? magda have not see he since he wife die . miranda he 's single ? magda shrug as if to say : so what ? miranda smile . 127 int . spanish hair salon -- later -- fall 127 Spanish music play . two female hairdressers work on two dominican women customer . magda sit under a hair dryer -- she top lip white with cream bleach . miranda be next to she , dial on she cell . brady play nearby with two dominican kide ( 5 ,6 ) . 128 ext . apartment build -- later -- fall 128 miranda stand at a gate and push the buzzer mark " klujcik . " a door under the stoop open revealing lovro klujcik , a croatian man about magda 's age . lovro no , no ... I tell you on phone ... the apartment be -- he look past miranda and see magda -- stand there with brown hair and wear make -up . his face light up when he see she . lovro ( cont 'd ) magda ? be this you ? she smile . shy . he beam at she . he open the gate , say something to she in he native tongue . magda smile . carrie ( v.o . ) as much as miranda want to pat herself on the back for find she new apartment in just one afternoon ... in the end , she know -- 85a . miranda watch , thrilled as they converse . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be a lovro connection . 129 int . beachouse / bedroom -- night 129 samantha and smith have just finish make love . they be face to face . samantha that be really hot . smith hmmm . you be kind of distant . 86 . samantha distant ? you be still in I . he gently move off she and recline next to she . smith you want to talk about it ? samantha when have I ever want to talk about it ? smith okay . I will talk about it . you best friend get screw over by they guy -- how can you not get distant ? samantha it 's more than that -- lately , I have not be feel a connection to -- smith what ? I ? samantha no -- to -- it -- here . I have no real connection to we life here . smith what life here ? seriously -- all I do be work -- and you run off to New York every chance you get . samantha not every chance I get . only for the a-list thing . ( beat ; then ) and my manage you -- it 's all too much . I be start to resent it . for the last two year it 's be all about you . smith well , for the first three year it be all about you . samantha I know . that be so much more fun . 86a . smith maybe we need to make a effort to reconnect -- spend more time together -- away from the business . less I , less you -- more we . 130 int . beachouse -- day -- fall 130 samantha be on the phone , look out at the ocean . 87 . samantha so , I will not be come to New York for a while . we be go to spend some time reconnect on the weekend ... do the " LA couple thing . " 131 ext . NYC street -- continuous -- fall 131 intercut with carrie at a public pay phone . carrie yeah , hi , can you put on samantha ? samantha really . at first I be all : " you can not tell I what I can do " -- but then , I have to admit he have a point . carrie you people and you relationship . operator ( v.o. ) please deposit another eighty - five cent . samantha honey , a pay phone ? where 's you cell ? carrie at the bottom of the ocean in Mexico . samantha want I to hook you up with a new one ? carrie no , not yet . no phone -- no call , no call -- no question , no question -- no explain no wedding . carrie put coin into phone . she be wear glove . carrie ( cont 'd ) plus , it 's a excuse to break out the glove . 88. 132 ext . beach -- day -- fall 132 samantha and Smith run into the surf in they wetsuit with surfboard . carrie ( v.o. ) when samantha Jones decide to do something ... 133 ext . beach -- later -- fall 133 samantha and Smith be start to make love on the beach as the wave crash on they . carrie ( v.o. ) ... she do it all the way . a beachcomber with a metal detector , watch nearby . 134 int . cooking CLASS -- day -- fall 134 a cooking class with other couple . a chef watch as samantha and Smith roll sushi . carrie ( v.o. ) she and Smith do all the upscale L.A. couple thing . Sushi ... 135 int . upscale tanning salon -- day -- fall 135 samantha and Smith stand next to each other wear paper underwear . two technician spray tan they . carrie ( v.o. ) ... spray tanning . 136 ext . hollywood benefit -- night -- fall 136 the Red carpet backdrop read : hollywood save africa Smith and samantha be be photograph . she be wear a full - on African - inspire over the top fashion statement . carrie ( v.o. ) ... and save Somalia ... samantha - style . 89 . 137 int . carrie' apartment -- day -- fall 137 carrie sip a latté while sorting through a stack of papers . Louise be work on carrie 's computer . louise carrie bradshaw 's web page be a mess . carrie -- interesting -- so be carrie bradshaw . Louise laugh . carrie sip she latte . carrie ( cont 'd ) come on -- when be we go to get to the really important thing like unpack my closet ? louise one thing at a time . be you ever go to answer this email ? carrie yes . louise when ? carrie now ? louise okay -- I will read -- you tell I what to do . ( beat ) vitaminsforless . delete. right ? carrie so right . Louise delete it -- look at next e mail . louise who 's john@jjpny.com .? carry freeze -- Louise look up . louise ( cont 'd ) oh , shit -- that 's he , right ? carrie turn the lap - top around to face she and look . 90 . john@jjpny.com : " I 'm sorry . " she click the email open ; breathless . one sentence : " I do not know what to say . " she swing the laptop back around to Louise . carrie delete . Louise look at she , unsure ... then delete . carrie ( cont 'd ) and -- be not there some cyberspace place that you can send that so that I never have to see a email from he ever again ? ( off she nod ) do that please . louise you sure you want to end all communication with he ? carrie nod . Louise nod . 138 int . charlotte's apartment / lily room -- day -- fall 138 carrie be read cinderella to lily who sit in she lap . they be on lily 's bed - surround by she doll . carrie ( read ) " and cinderella and Prince charm live happily ever after . " ( beat ; look at she ) this be a fairy tall sweetheart . thing do not always happen like this in real life -- you should know that now . lily again ! carrie flip back to the front . lily be all smile . carrie and another one bite the dust . Charlotte walk into the de with she coat on . she smile . 91 . lily mommie home ! 139 int . charlotte's apartment /hall -- a little later 139 Charlotte walk carrie to the front door . charlotte thanks for watch she while I go to the doctor . carrie ( pull on coat ) sure . everything okay ? charlotte I be pregnant . carrie look at she . Charlotte smile . carrie how ? charlotte my doctor say sometimes when woman stop try -- it can happen . she know other couple that adopt and then get pregnant . carrie sweetie . charlotte carrie -- I be pregnant ! happy , happy tear . carrie hug she . carrie ( v.o. ) I guess , in certain house , fairy tale do come true . 140 int . duane reade drug store -- day -- fall 140 Halloween costume aisle . carrie and miranda browse . carrie I can not believe you be even dress up . 92 . miranda all the parent at brady 's school dress up -- it 's fun ! fun think up by a group of non- work mother with nothing else to do all day . miranda stop , look at the costume hang there . miranda ( cont 'd ) witch and -- " sexy kitten " . that 's it ? the only two choice for woman . witch and sexy kitten . carrie you say a mouthful there , sister . miranda hold up a mask of a ghoul scream in horror . miranda maybe I should just wear this and a business suit and go as myself . carrie ( be ; mask ) speak of monster -- I get a email from Big . miranda look over at she . carrie ( cont 'd ) " I do not know what to say . " ( beat ) ah ... then do not send a email . miranda what be you expect ? no idea . miranda grab a witch hat . they start walk away . they round a corner , child wear a mask pop up . child boo ! carrie smile . the child walk away . carrie gonna take a little more than that to scare I after what I have be through . they start walk toward the check - out counter . 93. carrie ( cont 'd ) and in the subject box : two word : I be sorry . miranda Steve be all about " I be sorry . " I be sorry email -- I be sorry voice mail -- I be sorry flower -- I be sorry card . how about : do not do anything to be : " I be sorry " for . carrie maybe he 's sorry . miranda maybe Big be too . carrie Point take . ( beat ) I still can not believe this happen to I . I know it happen , but I can not believe it happen . I lay awake at night go over every detail of the last week in my head . miranda carrie -- there 's a detail I have be meaning to tell you about -- carrie spot something ; grab miranda 's arm with horror . carrie ( v.o. ) and then I see it ... the only thing scary enough to scare I after the experience I would be through . on the rack in the front register -- vogue ! 141 int . duane reade drug store -- moment later -- fall 141 carrie and miranda stand look at a open vogue : " the last single girl : carrie bradshaw get married . " miranda you look great , you look amazing . so . that 's the worst of it . carrie flip a page . she notice something . 94 . carrie wait -- what 's that say ? in the box at the end ? miranda ( read ) " editor 's note : the wedding of carrie bradshaw and John James Preston be cancel as this issue go to press . carrie bradshaw be ... miranda stop read . carrie look at she . carrie be what ? miranda do not want to respond . carrie push the magazine further away so she can read it . carrie ( cont 'd ) ( read ) " carrie bradshaw be still single and live in Manhattan . " 142 ext . manhattan street -- later -- fall 142 a wind kick up , autumn leave blow . carrie walk down the street , the vogue under she arm , angry . carrie ( v.o. ) I do not want to buy it - but I figure it be one less vogue in New York . 143 int . carrie' apartment -- later -- fall 143 carrie 's door open . Charlotte stand in the hall with lily . charlotte I see it . the picture be gorgeous . carrie yes -- I be a beautiful bride . come in . they walk in , carrie close the door . 94a . charlotte look , the people who do not know -- will only see the beautiful picture . the people who do know will only see what a asshole he be . ( beat ; to lily ) mommy say a bad word . carrie ( look down to lily ) hi , honey . lily hold up a little baby pumpkin to carrie . carrie ( cont 'd ) for I ? lily nod . carrie have to lighten up . she kneel to lily . 95 . carrie ( cont 'd ) and what be you go to be for Halloween ? lily cinderella . charlotte or -- we also bring mulan . lily shake she head : no . carrie smile . charlotte ( cont 'd ) would you like to go trick or treat with we ? lily yea ! charlotte just in we building -- if you feel up to it . lily yea ! carrie ( how can I not ? ) yea ! 144 int . charlotte's apartment /hall -- night -- fall 144 carrie knock on Charlotte 's front door . it open . Charlotte stand there -- dress as a cute cow . with udder on she belly . Harry be uncle fester . lily be cinderella in a mask . harry no costume ? carrie look closer . I be the scariest thing in New York . jilted at forty-one . boo. Harry laugh . so do Charlotte ...even carrie smile . 145 int . charlotte's build / hall -- later -- fall 145 they walk down the hall . carrie be hold lily 's hand . 96 . carrie you know you have to give I some of you loot , right ? lily nod carrie smile . Harry knock on a door . it open . a park ave woman ( 40 ) , stylish - stand there with treat . charlotte / harry /lily trick or treat ! the woman smile -- then suddenly , she smile fade . woman oh , carrie , I see vogue -- I be so sorry . carrie react , mortify . 146 int . charlotte's build / hall -- later -- fall 146 another door open . a preppy woman ( 36 ) be there . charlotte / harry /lily trick or treat ! reveal : carrie 's face -- hide behind the cinderella mask . 147 int . hair salon -- day -- fall 147 a stylist be blow out a woman with dark chestnut brown hair . reveal the woman 's face : it 's carrie -- 148 int . starbucks -- later that day -- fall 148 raining outside . Louise walk in , look around . carrie Louise ! double-take . carrie be wave to she from a table . louise oh my Lord . I do not even recognize you . carrie that 's the point . my head be the witness protection program . 97 . louise I be really feel that look on you . Louise reach into she purse to get something -- carrie and I be feel that balenciaga on you . louise mine till Tuesday . Louise pull out a cell phone and hold it out to she . louise ( cont 'd ) here -- time to re-join the world . carrie already ? Louise nod . carrie take the phone . louise you new number ... area code : 347 -- carrie hold , hold , hold. 347 ? no , no . I be a 917 gal . always have be . louise no longer available . now , you be 347 . carrie great . now even I do not recognize I . 149 ext . beachouse / deck -- day -- fall 149 samantha sit on she deck . her phone ring . samantha samantha Jones . carrie ( v.o. ) carrie bradshaw -- 150 ext . NYC STREET -- continuous -- fall 150 intercut with carrie walk along . 98 . carrie -- or I use to be . samantha talk to I . carrie I be a 347 area code . how tacky be that ? samantha 347 be the new New York . carrie I want the old New York with the old 917 and my old will to live . samantha Old New York , new New York -- honey -- at least it 's New York . she look -- Dante be come out of the surf in he wetsuit . samantha ( cont 'd ) another hard thing about be in l.a ? my " sex on a stick " next door neighbor . I can not stop look at he . carrie look ? samantha just look . after I see Steve 's face at the rehearsal dinner , I could never --- Dante notice she on the deck . he give she a sexy smile . she do not acknowledge it -- turn away and walk inside . samantha ( cont 'd ) but you should see this guy . every night sex with a different partner . he 's like -- ( search then realize ) -- me. five year ago . carrie yes . when I be a 212 . 151 ext . rodeo drive -- day -- fall 151 samantha stroll along rodeo drive . 98a . carrie ( v.o. ) and in a effort to stay out of she house and out of trouble -- samantha go shopping . she notice a sidewalk " dog rescue station . " cute puppy frolic and play in a wire pen . 99 . in the back of the pen sit a tatter tiny dog . alone . samantha can not help but look at it . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it certainly be not the cutest dog in the pen - but they be something about it -- the dog look up at she -- Dark mark under its eye . the rescue woman ( 40 ) notice samantha look . rescue woman she need a good a home . interested ? samantha shake she head ; " no . " carrie ( v.o. ) and just as samantha convinced herself that the dog be not for she . the dog start humping a stuff animal . rescue woman she 's be fix , but she have not lose the urge . 152 int . dog groomer' -- later -- fall 152 samantha hold the dog while talk to two groomer . samantha and she need a little eye work . anything you can do about this stain ? the dog look up at she . she look down at it . samantha ( cont 'd ) ( to dog ) honey , I do not mince word . 153 ext . rodeo drive -- later -- fall 153 samantha and the dog walk out of gucci in match outfit ... look fabulous . Three gucci salesmen follow they hold large gucci bag . they walk to she sleek mercede suv -- park at the curb . 99a . jump CUT to : the back of the mercede suv fill with shopping bag : gucci , prada , dior -- the suv hatch be close , revealing samantha 's licence plate : I heart NY . samantha pull away , the dog in she lap -- fur blow . 100 . 154 int . carrie' apartment -- night 154 carrie and Louise be in the closet unload clothes from the box . carrie open a wardrobe box -- it 's the wedding gown . they both look at it - not know what to do . louise do you want I to get rid of it ? carrie no , it 's too beautiful . I will just bury it deep in the back -- like I do my feeling . carry close the box back up . Louise watch ; then . louise do you miss he ? carrie ( beat ; then ) every day . you know , it 's weird -- I have not cry very much at all . maybe you be only allot a certain amount of tear per man -- and I use mine up . carrie gently push the box away . open another . louise yeah . I know how you feel `cause , my college boyfriend break up with I last year . and I miss he all the time . carrie ( v.o. ) suddenly , it dawn on I -- there be two break heart in my - walk in . carrie ( cont 'd ) Louise -- we need a cocktail . grab you rental . carrie start out . Louise grab she purse and follow . 155 int . the carlyle HOTEL / bar -- a little later -- fall 155 carrie and Louise be have cocktail . 101 . louise and it throw I so hard `cause , you know , I think will -- that 's he name ... be the love of my life . carrie what happen ? louise he say he love I and all -- but do not think I be " the one " . carrie look at she , nod . louise ( cont 'd ) and that hurt . but -- you know -- whatever . I be not go to give up on love . carrie good . louise Love be the thing , you know . she hold up she key chain . the word " Love " in gold . louise ( cont 'd ) see that . I be bring it to I all day long . Louise get a " text " . she reach over and look . she smile as she read it . carrie raise she eyebrow . carrie oh , I remember that smile . who 's the guy ? louise someone I just meet . he want I to meet he for a drink . carrie at 11:30 ? that 's a bootie call . louise no , it 's not like that ... he just get off work -- he 's a waiter . carrie Louise , I may not get text and I may not send text -- but trust I : the sub -text of that text : bootie . 101a . Louise nod , then start texting he . louise but it 's not a bootie call if he meet I .... right ? carrie all right , then . you kid enjoy . that 's what you twenty be for . you thirty be to learn the lesson . carrie stand up , throw some money on the bar . carrie ( cont 'd ) and you forty be to pay for drink . 156 int . charlotte's apartment -- day -- fall 156 Charlotte sit on the couch , read a magazine . the three dog near she . Harry enter . harry you go for you run ? charlotte um ... no . harry you do not go yesterday either . charlotte I know . 102 . harry why be that ? charlotte ( snap ) I do not feel like run ! harry ( as he go ) okay . welcome to the house of hormone . 157 int . upscale furniture store -- day -- fall 157 carrie and Charlotte walk look at furniture . carrie it 's all about the desk . if I find the desk , the write will come . and it better `cause I be use my new book advance to pay the fancy decorator . charlotte I think it 's so great that you be re-doing you entire apartment . carrie out with the old -- ( look at price tag ) -- in with the overpriced . Charlotte smile . carrie link arm with she . carrie ( cont 'd ) hey , Harry call I and mention you be not run . charlotte why would he do that ? carrie ` Cause he love you ... and he 's concerned . charlotte there be nothing to be concerned about . carrie do the doctor say it be not safe or something ? 103 . charlotte no , she say because I be already a runner -- it 's fine . carrie so , why be you not -- charlotte I be afraid something bad will happen . it 's a miracle that I be even pregnant . carrie but if the doctor say -- charlotte it 's not rational , carrie ... it 's irrational . I know that . carrie okay . charlotte I have get everything I ever want . I be so happy -- I be terrify . ( beat ) no one get everything they want . look at you . look at miranda . you be such good people and look what happen to you . of course , something bad be go to happen to I . carrie sweetie , you shit you pants this year . maybe you be do . Charlotte laugh a little . carrie move she along . carrie ( cont 'd ) you run every day -- that 's what you do . you can not stop be who you be -- just because you be afraid . right ? Charlotte nod , they walk on , link together . carrie ( cont 'd ) now let 's get down to business . I have get to have my apartment do in time for that baby shower . 104 . 158 ext . central park / reservoir -- day -- fall 158 autumn leave fall as Charlotte walk onto the run track with the three dog on leash . she start to run -- tentative -- slowly . they trot along with she . 158a ext . central park / reservoir -- day -- late fall 158a Charlotte run faster - more confident . the dog run along with she -- they be wear burberry pet sweater . carrie ( v.o. ) and as the last of the autumn leave fall away -- so do Charlotte 's fear . 158b ext . central park / reservoir -- day -- winter 158b snowflakes float down . Charlotte , dress for winter run in form -- alone . a smile on she face . 159 int . carrie' apartment -- day -- winter 159 carrie sit at she card table " temp " desk . Louise be sorting through a stack of mail . louise you sure you do not want I to rsvp to some of this holiday party ? carrie yep . I be perfectly happy spend time home alone . ( beat ) and speak of home -- you be go to miss you plane . Louise take a gift wrap present out of she purse louise merry Christmas . it 's just something silly . carrie open it . a dvd of " meet I in ST . louis . " carrie oh ... Louise from St. Louis . louise you say you never see it -- so . 104a . carrie now , I feel bad . if I have know we be go to exchange gift -- 105 . carrie get up and run to she closet . carrie ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) I would have buy you one two week ago and hide it in here . she come back out with a large circular BOX tie with satin ribbon . it say : Louis vuitton . louise no ! that be not what I think it be . carrie open it . louise oh my Lord . oh my -- she open it and scream as she pull out a gorgeous purse . carrie no more rent girl for you . Louise throw it over she shoulder and walk " runway . " louise look who 's home from the big city ! carrie ( v.o . ) it be the best money I would ever spend . 159a int . carrie' apartment -- night -- winter 159a carrie come out of she kitchen , hold a Cup o'soup . she be wear pajamas and sock . carrie ( v.o. ) New Year 's Eve ... and a Cup o'soup . she plop in a chair in front of the tv . she pick up the " meet I in St. Louis " dvd and look at it . 159aa int . miranda's apartment -- continuous -- winter 159 aa Steve be stand in the open doorway -- with he coat and hat on . miranda be kneel -- put a winter coat on brady . a Christmas tree glow behind they . miranda and what be you gonna say at midnight ? 105a . brady happy New Year . miranda that 's right -- but you gotta say it more excited than that -- ( then ; excited ) " happy New Year ! " brady happy New Year ! miranda you say that and then ... you kiss . she give he a big kiss . he laugh . she stand . steve you all ready to go , b-boy ? miranda do you pack the new batman Santa bring you ? brady shake he head : no . steve aw man -- gotta have the new batman . miranda it 's there near the tree . brady leave to get it . Steve look over at miranda . steve you get plan with the girl ? miranda we be all kinda stay in tonight . steve would you like to come and eat with we ? we can go somewhere over here on you side . miranda no , thank you . steve miranda -- I never mean to hurt you . 105b . she look away . brady come up back to they with batman . miranda there he be . batman . steve put you hat on . it 's snow out . brady nod and take Steve 's hand . Steve look over at miranda . steve ( cont 'd ) happy New Year . miranda happy New Year . brady kiss . silence ... then , miranda bend down and give brady a big sloppy kiss . miranda see you tomorrow . she stand up and close the door . as it close , Steve look at she . finally ; it be close -- she lean against it . 159ab int . carrie' apartment -- continuous -- winter 159 ab carrie sip soup watch a " deliriously in love " Judy garland sing " the trolley song . " judy garland zing zing zing went my heartstrings the moment I met he -- I fell carrie , not in the mood , pick up the remote -- click . the tv go off . she look around : now what ? 159ac int . carrie' apartment -- later -- winter 159ac carrie sit at she makeshift desk as snow fall outside she window . she look down at the computer ; motionless . close on screen : the only thing write on it be the word : " Love . " after a beat carrie type three dot . she think , then delete two of the dot . her phone ring . she answer it . carrie hello ? 105c . 159b int . buddakan / red room -- continuous -- winter 159b Stanford sit in a festive booth with festive friend . stanford happy New Year -- we be have a fabulous time . the only thing miss be you . come . carrie that 's sweet but I can not , I be write . stanford oh ... okay . ( beat ; then ) you be not really write be you ? carrie no . you be not really have a fabulous time be you ? stanford no. rescue I . it 's very force festive . carrie oh yes , that 's just what every New Year 's Eve party need : a visit from the lose bronte sister . stanford well ... better a bronte sister than a Hilton sister . carrie ( laugh ; then ) thanks but -- by ten pm I will be in bed asleep and blissfully unaware of how fabulous this night be suppose to be . 159c int . carrie' apartment -- later -- winter 159c carrie be sound asleep . her phone ring . she grab it . carrie hello . 105d . 159d int . miranda's apartment -- continuous -- winter 159d intercut with miranda -- sit on she couch watch the New Year 's Eve coverage on television . chinese take - out be on the table in front of she . miranda I think one of the perk of have a family be you do not have to spend New Year 's Eve alone with chinese food . ( beat ) I be alone with chinese food . carrie I be sleep . miranda oh , shit -- I be sorry . carrie that 's okay . where 's brady ? miranda it 's Steve 's night . carrie right . miranda go back to sleep -- do not wake up . carrie it 's okay . be you alright ? miranda I be fine -- I be just get a little choke - up watch the stupid New Year 's Eve stuff on tv alone . carrie want I to come over ? miranda I be all the way downtown -- carrie I can grab a cab -- miranda on New Year 's Eve ? no way . I be fine ... really . ( more ) 105e . miranda ( cont 'd ) I just want to talk a little . go back to sleep . good night . miranda hang up . carrie lay there -- hold the phone . she look over at she bedside table clock : 11:12 . she think then -- throw back the cover and get out of bed . start music . 159e ext . carrie' buliding -- night -- winter 159e snow . carrie hurry out of she front door -- a coat throw over she pajamas . she come down the stair to the street look for a cab . nothing . no traffic . she start running up the block -- pass two festive couple ; walk . 159f int . charlotte's apartment -- night -- winter 159 F lily , in she pj 's , be march around the de wear a " happy New Year " party crown and blow into a party favor horn . Harry and Charlotte -- wear New Year 's Eve party hat -- sit on the couch -- laugh . Charlotte and Harry kiss . his hand move sensuously down Charlotte 's body and rest on she pregnant belly . 106 . 160-164 s-c-e-n-e-s--o-m-i-t-t-e-d 160-164 107 . 165 int . beachouse / den -- continuous -- winter 165 samantha and Smith recline on the couch . they be wear sexy black robe and have caviar and champagne . the Dog sit nearby ... a fire roar in the fireplace behind they . samantha and Smith kiss on the couch . the Dog hump a pillow nearby . 166 int . restaurant -- continuous -- winter 166 magda and lovro sit in a booth , they toast with sherry . 166a int . buddakan restauant / red room -- continuous -- winter 166a Anthony stand talk to friend . someone tap he on the shoulder . he look over -- it 's Stanford -- hold two glass of champagne . Stanford and Anthony look at each other as everyone around they kiss . Stanford present he cheek . Anthony kiss it . 166b ext . lower east side STREET -- continuous -- winter 166b snow . carrie run up the stair of the lower East side subway stop . she look around to get she bearing -- then start run again . she pass a group of twenty -something people blow party horn and laughing . 168 int . ST . louis apartment -- continuous -- winter 168 Louise be talk to a group of St. Louis friend . she look up as will ( 22 ) she handsome African - american ex-boyfriend enter . they eye meet . her heart stop . he smile . she smile . he start over to she . they stand talk -- she smile . he smile . 168a int . babbo / bar -- continuous -- winter 168a a festive , crowded restaurant . sitting at the bar , next to a small Christmas tree ... be Mr. Big , eat alone . Big look up from the bar -- watch couple kiss all around he . 168b int . miranda's brooklyn house -- night -- winter 168b Steve and brady be in bed ... asleep . 107a . 168c ext . lower east apartment day -- night -- winter 168c miranda open a fortune cookie -- and read it . toss it down . pick up another -- crack it open . read it . toss it down . she look like she might cry . 168d ext . lower east side apartment build -- later -- winter 8d 16 carrie round the corner of miranda 's street and run up to she building . 168e int . lower east side apartment -- moment later -- winter 68e 1 miranda open the door -- carrie be stand there -- out of breath . carrie you be not alone . Times Square be see on the television in the background . television announcer ( v.o. ) 5 -4-3-2 - 1 . happy New Year ! carrie and miranda look at each other . they hug . 168l int . lower east side apartment -- later -- winter 168l miranda and carrie sit on the couch -- eat -- they be laughing . end music . 175 ext . bryant park / fashion tent -- day -- winter 175 snow on the ground -- cold . crowd gather in front of the large fashion tent . carrie , miranda , Charlotte and samantha trudge through the snow to the stair . samantha be wear lot of fur . she slip on some ice -- carrie catch she . carrie easy girl . samantha thanks -- Three month drive in L.A. and I forget how to use my fuck leg . carrie ( v.o. ) every year the woman of New York leave the past behind and look forward to the future ... this be know as fashion week . they make they way up the stair to the tent entrance . 176 int . lobby tent -- continous -- winter 176 the lobby be buzzing with PRESS and crowd of fashionistas . the girl enter and make they way through the crowd . carrie this way . I hear the couture call my name . samantha see this -- this be what I miss . last night Smith and I cuddle in front of the tv with " take out " mexican . miranda -- in you four billion dollar beach house . the girl laugh . samantha still -- I do not think I be cut out for the one - on - one relationship thing . 108a . charlotte you have be do it for five year . samantha no , see -- I have always have girlfriend on the side . they smile . miranda spot mayor michael bloomberg across the room . miranda there 's Mayor bloomberg . samantha New yorker be so damn attractive - - even the Mayor be hot . miranda I believe that be he last campaign slogan . the girl walk on . 109 . 178 int . fashion tent -- a little later -- winter 178 the room be fill up and buzzing with fashionistas as the girl make they way . samantha spot she name on four chair in the front row and lead the way . samantha there we be . charlotte we be in the front row ?! samantha I pull some string . carrie very nice . samantha I should go thank they -- samantha throw she coat on she chair back . charlotte decide where we want to go for lunch -- I will make the call . ( beat ; excited ) it 's like old time . samantha hurry off , excited . carrie , miranda and Charlotte settle into they seat . miranda so , this be how you all spend you Saturday while I be with brady and Steve at the Brooklyn Aquarium . carrie well ... not every Saturday . miranda just so you know -- we always have front row at the mammal show . ( beat ; then ) Steve do the funniest dolphin impression . actually , it 's more -- Steve as a dolphin -- a smile escape she -- they look at she . her smile fade . charlotte you really can not forgive he ? miranda be you suggest something ? charlotte I like Steve . I have always like Steve -- he 's apologize a hundred time -- he 's not see anyone else . what 's it go to take ? miranda and be you also suggest that she forgive Big ? charlotte no . I could kill Big . sometimes when I be run -- I imagine what I would say if I ever see he again . I have the perfect open sentence . want to hear it ? carrie ( duh ? ) ah .... yes . charlotte I curse the day you be bear . carrie impressive . better work up a hand gesture to go with it . Elaine come up to carrie , squat down in front of she . elaine thank god you be here . they have I cover this mercede - benz fashion week and I be desperate for a carrie bradshaw - esque quote . carrie well , I will do my best . we will talk after ? elaine great . and -- ooh -- my back -- she get up -- sit in samantha 's empty chair next to carrie . elaine ( cont 'd ) ( very sincere ) -- can I just say that I be so sorry about what happen with you wedding . carrie smile -- what else can she do ? elaine ( cont 'd ) I do not know how you survive it . I , personally , be so devastate I take myself off jdate -- but you survive and you be here and you look amazing and I just think that 's so great . everyone in my row do -- we can not stop talk about it . okay -- meet you in the lobby after . Elaine smile and leave . carrie sit -- stunne ; numb . she look to the chair across the runway -- fashionable women be look back at she -- one or two smile sympathetically . she grab she thing and then turn to Charlotte . carrie I have gotta go . carrie slip silently away . Charlotte get up and start away after she . miranda look -- miranda should I -- Charlotte shake she head : " not sure " ... and continue away ... 178a int . fashion show tent / entrance area -- moment later 178a Charlotte catch up with carrie as she be about to exit . fashionistas stream by they on they way in . charlotte carrie , wait . carrie stop -- turn around -- put on she wrap . carrie this be a mistake -- it 's too soon -- I be not ready . I will go get a coffee and you guy call I after -- and I will meet you for lunch . charlotte be you sure ? I know how much you be look forward to this . carrie yeah , I really be ... until I become the poster child for wounded woman everywhere . charlotte you be not . carrie be this thing go to effect everything I do for the rest of my life ? charlotte no -- but if you leave right now -- it will effect the rest of you day . carrie look at she -- take this in . charlotte ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) it 's fashion week . we be in the front row . carrie where everyone can see I . charlotte who care about they -- you only come for the clothes . carrie smile ... a little . charlotte ( cont 'd ) I know it 's hard but -- it 's like you say : you can not stop be who you be . 178b int . fashion show tent -- moment later 178b samantha and miranda have just gather they thing and be leave they chair as Charlotte and carrie return . samantha we think we be leave . Charlotte shake she head : no . samantha and miranda turn around and start back to they seat as -- music start ... light change . the girl settle in just as a model start down the runway in gorgeous clothes . carrie , miranda , Charlotte and samantha watch -- dissolve to : the girl watch another model ; another outfit . they point and discuss what they see -- loving it . dissolve to : the girl watch another model ; another outfit . with each outfit carrie seem to lighten and brighten . dissolve to : the girl watch another model ; another outfit . carrie smile as she watch -- now , truly enjoy herself . dissolve to : 178c int . lobby tent -- moment later -- winter 178c carrie be be interview by Elaine hold a tape recorder . miranda , samantha and Charlotte watch nearby . carrie ( v.o. ) I do not know if it be the fashion or the fact that the four of we be together again -- but for the first time in a long time -- I feel like myself . 183 ext . bryant park -- moment later -- winter 183 the girl leave the tent and start down the stair . samantha let 's get a cab -- I be starv -- splat . her fur coat be hit with splash of red paint . they react : shocked . a activist woman stand there hold a paint cup . next to she -- another activist be hold a pug dog . activist # 1 fur be murder ! activist # 2 mur -der . mur-der . samantha ( beat ) God , I miss New York . 184 ext . NYC STREET -- day -- winter 184 carrie hurry across the street -- carrie ( v.o. ) and a couple of week later -- I meet St. Louise 's St. Louis boyfriend , will . she arrive at the front of a restaurant . through the window , she can see Louise sit next to will . Louise spot carrie and wave . carrie wave back and start in . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) over Christmas they realize how much they love each other . just in time for Valentine 's day . 185 int . carrie' build / foyer -- later -- winter 185 carrie turn the key in she mail box . a little pink envelope sit there . she take it out and open it . it 's a " kid 's style " Valentine card of cinderella . she turn it over . lily 's crayon mark mix with Charlotte 's handwrite : to aunt carrie ... Love , lily . 186 int . carrie' apartment -- a little later -- winter 186 carrie open the door , hold the valentine . her phone be ringing . she answer it . carrie hello ? 187 int . beachouse / kitchen -- later -- winter 187 intercut with samantha in she kitchen attempt to make sushi . her hand cover in rice . the dog , wear a sweater with a " heart " on it sit on the floor watch . samantha I be just call to make sure you be not hang from you shower rod . carrie you call a hour too early . samantha so , what 's the V -day plan ? carrie miranda and I be go to dinner and then a really violent slasher movie . samantha perfect . carrie and you ? samantha I be make Smith sushi . pause for reaction . carrie wow . do you make sushi ? samantha we take a class a while back -- and when he walk in the door at seven - thirty , I be go to surprise he by lay on the dining room table - -- cover with homemade sushi . carrie Boy , you do have time on you hand . 188 int . carrie' apartment -- moment later -- winter 188 carrie walk over to the book shelf and place the cinderella valentine on it . she look down at the bottom shelf . the vogue magazine be look up at she -- she pick it up . 189 int . village restaurant -- later -- winter 189 a small , village restaurant festively decorate for Valentine 's Day . pink balloon float on the ceiling , they red ribbon string hang at eye level . carrie and miranda sit at a table . at all the other table -- couple ! miranda be it I or be Valentine 's Day this year on steroid ? carrie I think it be like this last year but we play for the other team . a waitress ( 23 ) approach they with pink menus . waitress good evening . here 's we special Valentine night menu . all the selection be romantic in theme and design to be split for two . be you have wine ? carrie / miranda yes . waitress a glass or a bot -- carrie / miranda bottle . waitress I will be right back to take you and you girlfriend order . the waitress leave . miranda look at carrie . miranda I could do a lot worse . 190 int . village restaurant -- later -- winter 190 the wine bottle be now empty . carrie and miranda eat . miranda why would you look at the vogue today of all day ? carrie ` Cause -- I be a emotional cutter . ( beat ; then ) I deserve what I get . running all over New York believe that I be finally get my happy end . " see everyone , love do conquer all . look at I in my one of a kind wedding gown marrying the love of my life . " waitress stop at the table . she pick up the bottle . waitress would you like another bot -- carrie / miranda yes . she leave . carrie and miranda ... in that article -- I do not say " we " once . it be all : " I " want and " I " think . miranda it be from you point of view . carrie my point of view ... exactly . the whole wedding be my point of view . I let the wedding get bigger than Big . I be the reason he do not get out of that car . 116a . miranda you can not put this all on yourself . ( beat ; then ) okay . I say something I should not have say to Big at the rehearsal dinner . 117 . carrie what do you mean ? miranda I be really upset after Steve show up and I bump into Big and -- I say that you two be crazy to get marry . carrie be stunne . the waitress arrive with the new bottle of wine . waitress here we go . you shiraz . she be open the bottle . tension . she pop the cork -- start to pour . miranda stop -- it 's fine -- thanks . the waitress put the bottle down and walk away . miranda ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I be upset -- Steve have -- carrie I have be go over this and over this in my mind for five month -- and -- for five month you keep a secret like that ? miranda I try to tell you once but the vogue article come out -- carrie once ? you try to tell I once ? you should have try to tell I every single day ! miranda I know , I be look for the right time . carrie there be no right time to tell I you ruin my marriage ! the room be now at " attention . " 118. miranda it just happen -- I be not think . carrie grab she purse -- to leave . miranda ( cont 'd ) carrie , please -- do not go -- I -- carrie stand up -- the festive balloon string bob in front of she face . she push they away . carrie and I think what hurt the most be that you keep a secret from I . I have never ever keep a secret from you . ever ! she start out . stop , come back -- through the ribbon . carrie ( cont 'd ) no , I be lie . for the last five month I have be think that it 's a huge mistake that you leave steve. ( beat ) there . how do it feel ? she turn and push balloon out of she way as she start out . a kissing couple ( 20' ) be blocking she way . carrie ( cont 'd ) Excuse I ! they stop -- she squeeze by they . miranda be devastate . 191 int . beachouse / dine room -- night -- continuous -- winter 1 19 candle be light . samantha enter wear a sexy sheer robe and carry a giant tray of homemade sushi . the phone ring . the machine pick up . Smith leave a message . smith ( v.o. ) Babe -- we be way behind on set . I still have not be release . I will get there as soon as I can . she sigh -- place the tray on the table . look at the wall clock : seven-thirty . 118a . 192 int . beachouse / dine room -- later -- winter 192 eight o'clock . samantha be sit in the robe near the table . not pleased . 193 int . beachouse / dine room -- later -- winter 193 eight -thirty -- samantha be pace . she take a piece of sushi -- pop it in she mouth and chew -- piss . a woman moaning be hear . she walk over and glance out the window into Dante 's live room . candle be everywhere -- he be naked and giving head to naked blonde woman . she be writhe in pleasure . samantha watch -- even more piss . carrie ( v.o. ) it be the same Valentine night samantha have plan -- minus the sushi . 119 . 194 int . beachouse / kitchen -- later 194 samantha now wear sweat clothes , sit with she arm cross -- wait . the door open and Smith enter . smith I be home ! he see 's samantha sit there . he smile . smith ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) man , that be a long day -- the crew go into double overtime . samantha you be three hour late . smith bummer . I know . do you eat ? samantha yes , I eat . I eat the sushi that I hand make for you . the sushi that I plan to lay all over my naked body as a valentine surprise for you . smith why be you so upset ? I call . samantha I slave away in a kitchen all day to make this meal for you . 120 . smith you make some sushi -- it 's not a big deal ! samantha not a big deal ? she stand up . she pick up some piece of sushi . samantha ( cont 'd ) you see this -- this take I five fuck hour ! she throw sushi at he . he dodge they . samantha ( cont 'd ) I be not the type of woman who sit home all day wait for a man ! ( beat ) you love California so much -- enjoy you hand - make California roll ! she throw more sushi and storm out . Smith look at the subzero fridge . a sushi piece slide down the front . 195 s-c-e-n-e--o-m-i-t-t-e-d 195 196 s-c-e-n-e--o-m-i-t-t-e-d 196 196a s-c-e-n-e--o-m-i-t-t-e-d 196a 196b int . carrie' apartment -- day -- winter 196b a floral arrangement sit on the hall table next to the answer machine . a card read : " I be sorry -- miranda " be nearby . the answer machine be recording a income call from miranda . miranda ( v.o ) it 's I . pick up . be you there ? carrie be stand in the bathroom ; look out at the answer machine , brush she tooth . carrie ( v.o. ) Three day of " I be sorry " call and e-mail and flower -- and I still be not ready . it be the longest we would even go without speak . 120a . 196c ext . carrie' apartment -- day -- winter 196c rain . carrie walk up to she stoop . a cab idling in front . the cab window go down . miranda be sit there . miranda carrie . carrie look . stop . miranda ( cont 'd ) hi. I need to talk to you . carrie how long have you be wait here ? miranda look to the meter , then back to she . miranda seventeen dollar long . ( beat ) please get in . it just turn to eighteen . carrie look at she , hesitates , start over to the cab . 196D int . cab -- a little later 196D rain pour down the window . carrie and miranda sit in silence . a middle eastern driver sit behind the wheel . close on : the meter . it read 22.00 . 121. this be weird not talk . carrie I be upset . miranda carrie , I understand -- but it just happen -- I never mean to hurt you . ( beat ) you have to forgive I . carrie look over at she . carrie you know -- 122. miranda what ? carrie no . miranda please . what be you go to say ? carrie you badger I to forgive you in three day -- and you will not even consider forgive Steve for something he do six month ago . miranda it 's not the same thing . carrie it 's forgiveness . miranda think -- carrie look at she . carrie ( cont 'd ) and -- I know you be not the reason my marriage fall apart . I be just - desperate to have someone else to blame . miranda think . the meter click . 197 s-c-e-n-e--o-m-i-t-t-e-d 197 198 s-c-e-n-e--o-m-i-t-t-e-d 198 199 s-c-e-n-e--o-m-i-t-t-e-d 199 200 s-c-e-n-e--o-m-i-t-t-e-d 200 200a s-c-e-n-e--o-m-i-t-t-e-d 200 a 201 int . therapist's office -- day -- winter 201 Steve and miranda be sit in front of a therapist . miranda I do not know if I can trust that it will not happen again . 122a . therapist Steve - you be very quiet today . steve miranda , I know I make it hard for you to trust I . but -- you make it hard for I to trust you . miranda I ?! 123. steve the way you treat I and cut I out of you life like that ? I mean , yeah -- I break a vow . but what about the other vow ? like promise to love someone for better or for worse ? what about that ? miranda look down at she hand . Steve look at the therapist . steve ( cont 'd ) how do I know she will not punish I for the rest of my life ? therapist you do not . and she do not know for sure that you will not have another indiscretion . ( beat ) all you can know ... be that you want to move forward and risk that you love for each other will not allow that to happen . silence . therapist ( cont 'd ) and that 's what we will discover here . Steve look over at miranda . miranda look at Steve . 202 ext . central park -- day -- spring 202 forsythia bush be in bloom . carrie and miranda walk . they carry sandwich . miranda so , we be do with we last session and we be not allow to talk for two week while we figure out if be together again be something we really want . and then - - we have to pick a place to meet -- and if we both show up on that day - - the past no longer exist . show up be the promise we make to each other that we be willing to let it all go and move forward . 124 . carrie can you do that ? miranda I do not know . I have a lot of think to do . carrie think -- or feel ? miranda what do you mean ? carrie miranda -- you be a lawyer . you can argue both side of any case -- but , why we feel what we feel -- be not logical . it 's emotional . sorry , Harvard -- I be afraid you be go to have to make this decision base on you emotion . miranda well , then -- I be screw . I do not know what I feel . carrie you will . there will come a moment when you will know . and if it 's : yes - - all that brilliant logic will go out the window ... with the past . miranda and I think pick the place to meet be a challenge . carrie where be it ? miranda the Brooklyn Bridge . halfway between both we place . carrie very logical . and yet poetic . miranda poetic -- if we both show up . otherwise -- you be on a bridge -- reject . not a good plan . 125 . 203 int . carrie' apartment -- later -- spring 203 carrie walk in carry a Starbucks cardboard caddy with two coffee . Louise be sit at she desk , work . louise I have two piece of good news . carrie and I have two coffee . louise I just get a head - up from you realtor . the apartment on fifth finally sell . carrie sip coffee . nod . louise ( cont 'd ) you have sixty day before the new owner take possession and you be out of there . carrie what 's the other news ? Louise hold up she hand . there be a diamond ring on it . carrie ( cont 'd ) oh my God -- louise I be move back to St. Louis -- we be get marry in the fall . Louise beam . carrie hug she . 204 ext . beach -- day -- spring 204 grey day . samantha be sit on the beach read " the secret . " carrie ( v.o. ) meanwhile , back in lose Angeles ... she roll she eye , and toss it down in the sand . 204a ext . beach -- a little later 204a samantha walk on the beach . the dog be walk with she . 125a . carrie ( v.o. ) ... samantha have money , a career and a man who love she ... still , she could not shake the feel that something be miss from she life . the dog run up onto the neighbor 's deck . 126 . samantha no ! come back here . 205 ext . neighbors's deck -- moment later -- spring 205 samantha be on the neighbor 's deck look for the dog . samantha where be you , baby ? she round a corner -- and come face to face with Dante -- shower in the outdoor shower . Water run over he naked and perfect body . he see she and smile a hot smile . she be throw -- overwhelm . samantha ( cont 'd ) sorry -- I be you neighbor and my dog run up on you dick -- ( catch herself ) -- deck ! there be a growl sound . she look -- the dog be humping a towel on the deck floor . she look back at Dante . dante want to join I ? speechless -- she shake she head : no -- she scoops up the dog and hurry away . he call after she . dante ( cont 'd ) I be Dante . stop by -- anytime . samantha take a peek back and continue on she way . 206 ext . beachouse / bedroom -- day -- spring 206 samantha be have lunch outside while on the phone . samantha Smith be interested - but the date will have to work with the series . Dante appear on the deck next store in a wet suit . he unzip it while look at samantha . samantha dip a chip in guacamole and eat it . he pull he wet-suit down and smile at she . she dip another chip . he step out of it and look at she -- almost torture she . she look the other way , dip another chip in guacamole and eat it . then another . 127 . 207 int . beachouse / kitchen -- day -- spring 207 samantha be in the kitchen on the phone . she pick up a slice of messy pizza from a delivery box on the table . samantha we agree that no one else from the show but Smith be go to be on the cover . she walk to the window and look out . Dante be on he deck put on sun screen . he glisten . she chew . 208 int . beachouse / deck -- night -- spring 208 samantha be in the jacuzzi -- she be look up at Dante who be on he deck smoking a joint . he indicate for she to come over . she shake she head : no . he walk away . she press a button on the control panel . the jacuzzi jet start . she be - position herself " on " they , then ... she reach over and grab a giant hot fudge sundae and ... start eat it . 209 int . lower east side restaurant -- day -- spring 209 miranda sit in the window -- have a cappuccino , alone . on the table a legal pad with a list of pros and con . carrie ( v.o. ) with she two week just about up , miranda 's list of pro and con be equal . she throw some money down on the table and take a final sip on she cappuccino . as she stand up , she catch sight of herself in the mirrore wall . cappuccino foam cover she top lip . she remember . she know . 210 ext . brooklyn bridge -- later that day 210 miranda stand on the bridge . alone . she look at she watch . carrie ( v.o. ) it suddenly dawn on miranda that Steve 's list might have have more con then pro . just as this reality hit -- the crowd part and Steve be see running up the bridge ... towards she . 127a . 211 ext . brooklyn bridge -- moment later 211 miranda and Steve walk along the bridge towards Brooklyn . 128. carrie ( v.o. ) and miranda never look back ... 212 int . steve and miranda's house -- night -- spring 212 Steve and miranda be make love -- it be passionate . carrie ( v.o. ) well , almost never . miranda turn she head back to look at Steve . miranda kiss I . 213 int . carrie' apartment -- day -- spring 213 carrie 's apartment be transformed . it be sleeker , polished , more grow - up , with a warm , modern feel . carrie ( v.o. ) and at home -- everything feel and look different -- and yet still very much I . carrie -- blonde again -- walk out of the kitchen with lilac in a large vase . the door bell buzze . 214 int . carrie' apartment -- moment later -- spring 214 carrie open the door . miranda stand there with a very pregnant Charlotte . carrie sorry . this be a very exclusive party . miranda we be on the list . miranda Hobbes plus one ... and a half . 215 int . carrie' apartment -- later -- spring 215 women friend chat and have fun . the front door be open and a coat rack be visible in the hall . a couple of waiter ( 20' ) move around . ANTHONY come up to carrie . 129 . ANTHONY a woman just put a glass down on you new desk without a coaster . I tell she if she do it again I would break she arm . carrie thanks . he walk on . miranda wander up to carrie . miranda where 's samantha ? her plane land two hour ago . carrie you know she , probably run to the hotel gym for a quick work - out . samantha appear in the doorway wear a summer coat -- the dog be in she purse . samantha there 's no place like home . carrie sweetie ! they kiss -- she go to miranda ; they kiss . miranda there 's a rat in you purse . carrie and that rat better be house train . a cater waiter walk over to she . cater waiter can I take you coat ? samantha nod and take off she coat . revealing : she have a belly . a very non - samantha big fat gut . carrie look at it . miranda look at it . carrie and miranda exchange look . Charlotte come run down the hall . charlotte samantha ! samantha raise she arm to greet she . her blouse ride up , the gut peek out . Charlotte react ; shocked . 130 . charlotte ( cont 'd ) you have a -- dog ! samantha do you ever think you would see the day -- I with a pooch . all three shake they head : no. 216 int . carrie' apartment / bathroom -- later -- spring 216 carrie , miranda , and Charlotte be in the bathroom . miranda so , she have a belly . so what ? carrie no , a belly on anyone else be a " so what ? " a belly on samantha be a : " so what the hell be go on ? " charlotte she never mention it on the phone ? carrie never . and when have she ever not talk about every detail regard she body ? charlotte should we even bring it up ? miranda what -- like a fat intervention ? " we love you -- have a salad ? " no . we should let she bring it up . there be a knock ... samantha open the door . she 's eat a piece of cake . samantha lady , we can talk about my gut later -- right now , I be bored to tear here . she give they a look . they smile , relieved . 131 . 217 int . carrie' apartment -- later -- spring 217 everyone have leave . samantha be sit with Charlotte and miranda and carrie . they be have coffee . samantha I eat -- so I will not cheat . miranda what exactly be you eat ? samantha everything except Dante 's dick . carrie Language , please -- this be a grow - up apartment now . samantha I guess I do not realize how big I be until I see it on you face . carrie how -- and I say this with love -- how could you not realize it ? samantha I have be avoid mirror . charlotte I be proud of you for not cheating . samantha I do not know if there 's anything to be proud of . I stuff my face to stop myself from do something that feel natural to I . carrie reach over and rub samantha 's back . carrie why do not you say something ? samantha I guess I do not want to admit it . and when you be in denial -- you do not dial . carrie now , listen -- this be not about the weight . you would be gorgeous at any size . but be you happy ? 132 . samantha ( silence ; then ) Relationships be not always about be happy , right ? ( beat ) how often do you feel happy in you relationship ? carrie ( to Charlotte ) I be pretty sure that 's to you . charlotte every day . samantha you feel happy ever day ? charlotte not all day -- everyday -- but everyday . miranda when be the last time you feel happy ? samantha six month ago . they react . samantha ( cont 'd ) what be I go to do ? carrie what do you gut tell you ? samantha I know but -- ( beat ; hard ) Smith stay with I through chemo . if he could stay with I through that , I should be able to stay in this relationship for he . carrie sweetie ... you just compare you relationship to chemo . samantha look at she , then Charlotte , then miranda . 133. carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there we be ... the three mirror samantha could not avoid . carrie ( cont 'd ) and samantha ? samantha look . carrie point . the dog be humping a pillow on carrie 's furniture . carrie ( cont 'd ) that pillow cost three hundred dollar . 218 int . beachhouse -- dine room / sunset -- spring 218 samantha be sit -- wait . Smith enter . smith hey -- you be home ! I think you be stay the week . he kiss she . she look at he . touches he face . samantha we need to talk . smith awwww ... man . I know this be come . samantha yeah . this be not work . ( beat ) I have do my best . I have give it five year and fifteen pound . smith what -- you do not love I any more ? samantha yes , I love you - ah , fuck it -- I be just gonna say the thing you be not suppose to say -- I love you but I love I more . and I have be in a relationship with myself for forty - nine year and that 's the one I need to work on . she stand up and wrap she arm around he , whisper . 134 . samantha ( cont 'd ) you will find a wonderful woman who love be in a relationship . smith what will you find ? samantha I do not know . but that 's a risk I be willing to take . she notice the gardenia ring on she finger . she start to take it off . stop . look back up at he . samantha ( cont 'd ) no. I be keep this . every time I look down at it I want to think of you . she kiss he on the lip . gently . softly . 219 int . airplane / first CLASS -- night -- spring 219 samantha sit in first class . she be cry ... while eat a hot fudge sundae . a stewardess lean down . stewardess we be landing in new York . I be gonna need to take that now . samantha nod , and finish eat the hot fudge sundae as fast as she can . scrape , almost lick the bowl . carrie ( v.o. ) as someone return to my life ... 220 int . carrie' apartment -- day -- spring 220 carrie stand at the door with Louise . carrie ( v.o. ) ... someone leave . louise and I put all the unopen mail from you p.o. box in the manila envelope on the bottom shelf there . she point to the shelf in the new bookcase . carrie look . 135 . louise ( cont 'd ) and please -- please do not make a mess of carriebradshaw.com -- it 's my masterpiece . carrie what be I gonna do without you ? louise you will find some other girl ... but she will not have my style . carrie St. Louise , you bring I back to life . emotion flood carrie ; she choke up . so do Louise -- louise and you give I Louise vuitton . carrie laugh -- they hug . louise ( cont 'd ) serious . we need to stop cryin' . Louise break the hug and take she " love " key chain out of she purse -- hand it to carrie . louise ( cont 'd ) you key . carrie wait -- do not forget you " love . " louise no , I find my love . I be leave that with you . carrie smile . Louise start out the door , turn back . louise ( cont 'd ) see you at my wedding . carrie I will meet you in St. Louis . Louise give one last look , and leave . carrie close the door . look down at " love " in she hand . 136 . 221 int . carrie' apartment -- night -- spring 221 carrie be sit at she desk ... type . carrie ( v.o. ) now , there be no more distraction . ( beat ) and as I move on ... 222 ext . miranda's apartment build -- day -- spring 222 samantha walk past lovro and magda sit on chair out front , sip ice tea , and up to miranda 's lower east side apartment stoop with the dog on the leash . carrie ( v.o. ) ... samantha move in . the hot tattooed latin guy be still sit on the stoop out front with the ferocious look pitbull . she start up the stair . he check she out . she turn . samantha hi , I be you new neighbor . hot neighbor Diego . samantha samantha . they smile . there be a connection . samantha look down . the dog be humping the pitbull . Diego nod approval . 223 ext . upper east side restaurant -- day -- spring 223 a very , very pregnant Charlotte carry shopping bag be be seat at a banquette by the hostess ( 26 ) . hostess when be you due ? charlotte next week . hostess you look gorgeous . 137 . charlotte ( touch ; embarrassed ) oh , thank - you . the hostess walk away as Charlotte settles in and look around . her eye widen . Big be sit across the room at a table -- alone . he have not see she . Charlotte start to panic as the waitress ( 20' ) come over . waitress hi , can I -- charlotte no , I be sorry -- I can not stay -- help I -- pull out the table . I can not -- Charlotte pull herself up off the banquette . as she try to slide out , she belly and shopping bag knock thing off the table . crash . diner look . Big spot she -- they eye meet . she move away as quickly as she can through the room . he get up and follow after she . 224 ext . upper east side restaurant -- day -- spring 224 Charlotte exit the restaurant -- visibly upset . Big be quickly on she heel . big Charlotte . Charlotte wait -- he catch up to she - and gently step to she . big ( cont 'd ) you be pregnant -- do not run . charlotte I do not want to see you . she start cry and talk though the tear . charlotte ( cont 'd ) I be so mad at you . I be always on you side and then you do that to carrie -- no , no -- I be not go to cry -- I be not go to waste tear on you -- ( strong ; stomping foot ) I curse the day you be bear ! Charlotte 's eye widen . she stop move , entirely . 138. charlotte ( cont 'd ) I think my water just break . ( beat ) oh my God -- taxi ! big my car 's right there . get in my car . charlotte I do not want to get in you car -- I hate you car . taxi ! big Charlotte -- we need to get you to the hospital -- please get in my car . it 's right here and ready . Charlotte finally nod . Big hurry she to the car . 225 int . hospital corridor -- later 225 carrie hurry down a corridor -- look for a room . she spot it , knock and enter . 226 int . hospital room -- continuous 226 carrie enter . Harry stand there . beam . carrie hi. congratulation ... a girl ! harry it 's my lot in life to be surround by beautiful woman . she kiss he and walk over to the bed where Charlotte be hold rose , a beautiful baby with thick dark hair . carrie oh my God . she 's gorgeous . charlotte say hello to Rose . carrie kiss Charlotte on the head . carrie what a beautiful name . 139 . charlotte after Harry 's " bubbie . " harry now , we get a lily and a Rose . carrie sit on the edge of the bed . carrie well , I have to say you two be very cool customer -- just make the " baby 's here " call without all the " I be in labor " drama . harry oh -- there be plenty of drama . charlotte my water break in front of a restaurant . carrie very dramatic . harry wait -- she 's not do . charlotte it break while I be talk to Big . carrie what ? harry see. Drama . charlotte I bump into he and I get so upset I start cry and then - my water break . harry he bring she to the hospital . stay until the baby be bear . charlotte I think he be hope to see you . silence . carrie be have a hard time with this . 140 . carrie well -- today be not about he . it 's about beautiful baby rose. ( beat ; force up ) so -- we know she have Charlotte 's hair -- what else do we know ? Harry and Charlotte give each other a sad glance . 227 int . hospital corridor -- later 227 carrie walk out of Charlotte 's room with Harry . carrie she 's a doll . mazel tov ! she kiss Harry on the cheek and start away . harry he ask I to ask you to call he . carrie stop . turn around . look at he . harry ( cont 'd ) I know ! it 's none of my business . but I feel bad for the poor schmuck hang around the hospital wait room hope to see you . I swear every time he hear someone in heel come down the hall -- he heart stop . carrie Harry -- it 's so much more complicated than you can imagine . harry I know it be -- and you have every right to never call he -- but I be just a big pile of love today -- and I feel bad for the guy . he say he 's be write you -- but you never respond . carrie ( beat ; then ) he 's never write I . harry he say he write because he do not have you phone number . 141 . carrie no . he 's never write I . ever . harry then , why would he say that he have ? carrie look at Harry . lost. confused . 228 int . carrie' apartment -- later -- spring 228 carrie enter she apartment . she glance over at she bookcase -- remember . jump CUT to : carrie open the bookcase drawer and take out a manila envelope mark : p.o. box . jump CUT to : carrie dump the content of the envelope on the desk . jump CUT to : carrie quickly sort through the mail -- look -- look for something . a letter -- something . nothing from he . she lean back in she chair -- more confuse . her eye drift up to she computer . she wonder if -- jump CUT to : carrie be log onto carriebradshaw.com . she type in password . jump CUT to : carriebradshaw.com 's " welcome page . " she click on email . jump CUT to : carrie scan through email -- none be from Big . frustrate she log off . 229 int . carrie' apartment -- later 229 carrie be still at she desk , lose in think . carrie ( vo ) two hour , two manila envelope and countless email later , I be just about to give up on the Big riddle when -- she look back at she computer screen and notice : " cb -assistant . " carrie sit up . click on it . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have tell Louise to put Big in a place where I would never have to hear from he again . 142. she type in she password . nothing . pick up she phone . dial a number . carrie ( cont 'd ) hey , Louise -- it 's I . what 's the password to get into you assistant file ? call I . she hang up and place the phone on a pile of mail -- which cause the mail to fall over onto the floor . carrie ( cont 'd ) shit . carrie reach down to pick - up the mail -- she notice the " love " key chain have fall as well . she pick it up and look at it , have a hunch . carrie ( cont 'd ) oh my God . jump CUT to : carrie type the password : " l-o - V -e . " yes ! the file open -- she eye widen . there on the screen be many , many , many email -- all from jjp@jjp.com . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) as soon as I type in " love " -- there he be . she click on the first e-mail . it open : it 's the love letter from Beethoven , retype . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and because Big still do not have the word ... he retype a love letter from Beethoven . jump CUT to : New email : a love letter from Lord Byron . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and Lord Byron . jump CUT to : New email : a love letter from James Joyce . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and James Joyce . jump CUT to : New email : a Love letter from voltaire . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and voltaire . 143. jump CUT to : carrie sit in the chair . breathless . overwhelm . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there they be . " the Love letter of great Men - volume one . " plus one more ... written by John James Preston . New email -- it read : " I know I screw it up -- but I will love you forever . " carrie impulsively pick up the phone -- start to dial . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I want to call he - but we love ... carrie and Big : volume one , two , and three ... stop I . she put the phone down and be about to " delete " the e mail -- suddenly ; the phone ring . carrie ( cont 'd ) hello . louise ( o.c. ) I do not hear my phone . 230 int . bridal shop -- continuous -- spring 230 intercut with Louise , stand in a wedding gown . her mother ( 45 ) , grandmother ( 65 ) , and sister ( 20 15 , 8 ) sit watch . louise we be shopping for my wedding gown . angela , she youngest sister call out . angela that one make you look weird . louise ( call over ) momma -- can you please -- this be a work call . the mother motion for Angela to sit down . she do . carrie no , it 's okay I figure it out . 144 . louise well , I be go to call you anyway -- today be the final day on the fifth Avenue apartment . you have till six before they change the lock . carrie I do not need to go over there . louise and do you not want that never - wear shoe ? carrie oh -- I completely forget about -- louise ` Cause if you do not -- send they on to I . I will squeeze my foot into they . carrie it 's already five o'clock . louise hello ? there be never be wear four hundred dollar shoe ! carrie five twenty - five . ( beat ; hear herself ) bye . carrie drop the phone and jump up . 231 ext . carrie' apartment -- moment later -- spring 231 carrie run down the stair ... she spot a pass cab . carrie taxi ! it screech to a halt . she run to the cab . 232 int . elevator -- moment later -- spring 232 carrie step into the elevator . she press " ph , " step back . the door close . 145 . 233 int . penthouse apartment -- moment later -- spring 233 Key in the lock -- carrie enter . she look around . carrie ( v.o. ) the light in we pre-war apartment look completely different post - war . 234 int . penthouse apartment / bedroom -- moment later -- spring 234 carrie walk into the bedroom and over to the closet . she push open the other double door ... revealing -- Mr. Big - stand there hold the manolos in he hand . he look up -- surprised by she . big I be go to get this to you . I do not want it to be a total loss . carrie ( v.o . ) it be not logic -- it be love . she walk into the closet and over to he . she throw she arm around he . he drop the shoe . they kiss . it 's passionate . very -- very passionate . 235 int . penthouse apartment / walk-in closet -- later -- spring 35 2 carrie and Big be nestle up next to each other on the carpete floor of the empty walk - in closet . his suit jacket be off . her shoe be off . carrie why do we ever decide to get marry ? big ( beat ; then ) I guess we be afraid it mean something if we do not . she look at he and nod . it 's true . big ( cont 'd ) I be sorry to have do that to you . silence . she touch he lip . 146 . carrie I be sorry to have do that to you ... ( beat ) and you know the funny part ? big be there a funny part ? carrie we be perfectly happy before we decide to live happily ever after . big yep . the joke on we . she nod ... she look around . carrie good closet . big thanks . carrie comfortable . be this what you have in mind when you install the carpet ? big I would like to think I be that smooth . carrie we better get up before the new owner bust in on we . they start to get up . carrie rise first . he start to get up , first -- sit on he side ... big and the way we decide to get marry -- all business ... no romance . that 's not the way you propose to someone . he move further up -- onto one knee -- where he stop . big ( cont 'd ) this be . she look down at he -- be this happen ? he hold out he hand . she place she hand in he . 147 . big ( cont 'd ) carrie bradshaw -- love of my life - - will you marry I ? it be everything carrie bradshaw have convinced herself would never happen . could never happen . and here it be . she nod . speechless . overcome . he smile . big ( cont 'd ) see , this be why there 's a diamond . you need to do something to close the deal . she laugh . he notice she never- wear manolo on the floor . he pick it up . hold it out to she . she lift she foot and place it in the shoe . cinderella style . 236 int . courthouse / room -- day -- spring 236 carrie stand with Big in front of a judge . she be wear the simple white suit and she never - wear manolos from the closet . carrie ( v.o. ) and in the end ... carrie bradshaw marry John James Preston in a label - less dress . Big smile . she smile . both calm . sure . judge by the power vested in I , by the state of New York , I now pronounce you husband and wife . you may kiss the bride . Big and carrie kiss . then , he whisper into she ear . big ever thine . ever mine . ever ours . 237 int . courthouse / lobby -- later 237 carrie and Big walk through the courthouse lobby toward the front door hold hand . big you okay that it be just we ? carrie perfect . you and I -- like I say . 148. big still . would have be nice if you have the girl here . he hold the door open for she as they walk outside . 238 ext . courthouse -- continuous -- spring 238 carrie and Big walk out of the courthouse into the sun . big which be why I call they . carrie look . miranda , Charlotte , and a more slender samantha be stand there . they scream and throw rice . miranda / samantha congratulation ! charlotte mazel tov ! as the rice hit ... carrie scream and Big laugh . a guard hurry over to they . carrie be spitting out rice . guard Excuse I -- excuse I ! you be not allow to throw rice anymore . samantha honey , get over it -- it 's New York ! she wink at the guard . he shrug and walk away . 239 int . coffee shop -- later -- spring 239 Big , carrie , miranda , Steve , brady , Charlotte , Harry , lily , rise , Stanford , samantha be casually gather around a couple of table that have be push together . a waitress come over balance hot plate . waitress who have the ham and egg ? Big raise he arm . the waitress hand the plate down ... carrie intercept it and place it in front of Big . 149 . carrie ( v.o . ) it be not a fancy designer reception either . just food and friend . the waitress hand out the other breakfast . people laugh . samantha feed bacon to the dog -- who be wear a tiny bridal veil on he head . 239a int . barne and noble -- day -- summer 239 a carrie 's book be display on a book kiosk . carrie stand in front of it reading to a crowd from the galley of she new book . she be wear reading glass . carrie maybe some label be best leave in the closet ... 240 ext . vitra -- night -- summer 240 bustle . carrie , miranda , Charlotte and samantha -- back to she fight weight -- walk down the busy street dress for a night on the town . they laugh as they go -- they designer purse swinging . carrie ( v.o. ) ... maybe when we put a label on people ... bride , groom , husband , wife , fat , thin , marry , single ... we forget to look past the label and see the person . they arrive at the club entrance . a line of people wait to be let inside . the doorman ( 30' ) spot carrie , lift the red rope and let the girl in -- close it after they . 241 int . restaurant -- later -- summer 241 the four girl sit at a table drink " cosmopolitan . " charlotte hmmm . this be delicious . miranda why do we ever stop drink this ? carrie because everyone else start . 149a . samantha ( sip ; then ) well , that be a oldie but goodie . carrie and speak of a oldie but goodie ... a waiter bring birthday cake to the table . the number : " 50 " stand proud and tall among the glow candle . he place it down in front of a proud samantha . 150 . carrie ( cont 'd ) wait -- wait -- a toast . the girl lift they glass to samantha . carrie ( cont 'd ) to samantha ... fifty and fabulous ! samantha smile , touch -- then blow out she candle . carrie ( cont 'd ) to we ... and the next fifty ! miranda , Charlotte and samantha raise they glass . all to the next fifty . they sip and look at one another . carrie ( v.o. ) and there , in the same city where they meet as girl , four New York woman enter the next phase of they life ... dress head to toe in love . samantha lick some icing . Charlotte cut the cake . miranda help . carrie smile and sip . carrie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and that 's the one label -- that never go out of style . 242 ext . vitra -- continuous 242 from outside we catch just a glimpse of carrie and the girl at they table inside the busy club . the camera start to move away -- pass the line of people wait to get in . at the front of the line four twenty -something women stand wait for the red rope to be lift . as the camera move past they and up -- the doorman lift the red rope and the twenty - something woman squeal with excitement and anticipation as they hurry inside . the camera continue up and up and over the busy and exciting city . fade to black .